5	Woo! I've never had this much fun with toilet paper!Awesome show. I would like to see them rock out more, though.Saw them at Luxor, but Venetian is a much cooler place to be.
4	Very interesting show..    not sure what I got out of it except for that these guys' eyes must get tired from extending their eyelids out like that for 2 hours. I sat in the front row and got pelted with their banana mixture..  definitely an interesting experience. The music with the PVC Pipes are interesting as well..  although this probably isn't something I'd pay to watch twice..  unless one of them tore off their skin suit and out popped a nude and drunk Jessica Alba.
4	Tourist: "What's the Blue Man Group show like?"Me: (hesitates) "It's hard to describe.  They're men.  Painted blue. The music gets you pumped.  They can stick a lot of stuff in their mouth.  And there's a LOT of toilet paper."Tourist: "Toilet paper?"Me: "Yeah.  Don't ask." I've seen Blue Man twice (or thrice?).  Seeing it once would have be enough but it's definitely worth experiencing.
4	I've been lucky enough to see this show several times, both in its incarnation at the Luxor and at the Venetian.  It's absolutely my favorite in town for semi-mindless, passive fun.  You really can't beat it. You know what else you really can't do?  Describe it.  It's a surreal journey through silent comedy and musical experimentation.  There's a lot of paint and goo involved and a stunt with marshmallows that makes me a little queasy.  There are spinning statuettes that look like people in motion which is, frankly, really effing freaky, and I still can't figure out the stick figure laser show for the life of me.  (Help?)  The deal with the paper is awesome, but I won't ruin it for anyone.BMG is a good choice for anyone who wants to feel like they're on drugs without the unemployment or sores or run-ins with the fuzz.
5	these guys are the greatest. i've seen their show both off-broadway and at the luxor and also the how to be a megastar tour in san jose. i don't want to spoil the fun by going into details about the show. all i can say is that you can expect a stunning performance to satisfy your visual and auditory pleasure. i guarantee it.
5	I have seen this show a few times now and it doesn't get old...well, maybe a little bit, but I want to go back to show people how fun and interactive this show is.  Always a great time.  So funny...
5	They are men and they are blue they are in a group.  Together they are the Blue Man Group, not to be confused with the chronically depressed support group the blue men group.  They are are also awesome.  Its hard to describe why the show is as good as it is.  In fact it sounds cheesy they spit stuff, eat twinkes and bang on PVC pipes.  Combined with the interactivity, music and the energy of the crowd it makes for one awesome show.  Would I go back? Probably not unless they change the show significantly, but then again I am a cheap bastard and usually never watch anything twice.  If you haven't seen the show it is a defiant must.
5	This was a cool show - peformance art mixed with audience participation mixed with toilet paper.The PVC pipe instruments were cool.  I like it when science is turned into art.And for the toilet paper, well you just need to go experience it yourself.
1	I don't remember laughing or even being entertained for the duration of the show.
4	We were completely blown away by the show. Went there with my wife and parents and was worried they may not like it. But everyone had such a good time. Fantastic show.
4	I had seen these fellas a few years ago, when they were at The Luxor, and enjoyed them a lot.  I thought I'd see if their act at The Venetian had changed much.  I again enjoyed the show - a lot - but I'm embarrassed to admit that I don't remember if the show has changed much.  Some things have definitely remained the same, but to maintain the suspense I'll leave it at that.For those of you unfamiliar with Blue Man Group, they're a lot different from other Las Vegas acts.  They combine unusual musical instruments (PVC pipe, anyone?), visual stunts (it's amazing what you can do with marshmallows) and comedy.  I thought the show was indeed funny, moved quickly, and had just the right amount of quirkiness.  Highly recommended!
5	Great show.  Started out as a one man show in downtown Manhattan and has expanded to this Vegas extravaganza.   Loads of fun for every age, language, gender.  Must see!!!
5	I must admit this is my 6th time seeing the Blue Man Group (once in Chicago, once in New York, three times at the Luxor, and now the Venetian show).This time I decided on........Poncho Seating.... first row.   Now I can say I've pretty much set every where and there isn't a bad seat...The music is fantastic...upbeat, getcha going.  Audience participation is a fact at the shows.  They definietly know the audience is there, and let's everyone know they see them individually.  There are some new bits to the show that are wonderful additions. ..which I won't spoil for anyone.  The only thing that I can specifically remember that isn't in the new show is the Go Ask Alice piece.Humor is a big part of the show.  Let's see, blue guys, paint, drums, twinkies, neon, televisions, lcd lights, humor, pvc pipes, more paint, captian crunch, and lots and lots of crepe paper/toliet tissue....By the way....all that paper ends up in the front row and you sort of get to crawl out after the show....
5	Lot's of good clean FUN. Well it was messy, clean fun. Fast paced good music, great humor,  I wanted more but I don't think I could handle it. We were twenty rows back, out of the splash zone. A big fun time.
5	A helluva a good time.  Very different and unlike anything I'd seen before.  Other reviewers have a lot of detail so I won't bother, just wanted to get my 5 stars in.
4	So there are a lot of reviews about this show. But I still think this show is cool with the pvc percussion playing. It's artsy, with comedic/cirqurey kinda stuff. Ok they do remind me of giant smurfs without the hats. So in tribute. I'll review them in their native language....The Blue Man Group used to smurf in Luxor, but it smurfed to Venetian. There are Three of them all smurfed in blue paint and they smurf with their house band. Some of the jokes they smurf are about smurfing cereal and when they smurf a smurf it makes me smurf. There's nothing smurfual or dirty. Just a smurfy time especially when they smurf you with smurf.I noticed some people were smurfing or falling asmurf. But it's not the type of show they normally smurf.  When they show smurfs you get to read this smurf and smurf questions. Then the show begins. Sometimes you think you're gonna get smurf. But it never smurfs. If you easily get smurfy then this is not the smurf for you.
5	rumor has it, 4 of the originals are from Sonoma State University. all i can say is seeing this show (many years ago) made me sure that all i wanted in life was to go to Del Arte and study movement. movement and toilet papering the audience.and cereal beatsand face paint.the music itself deserves 5 stars, this show is something that everyone can enjoy without calling it pretentious, my little brother liked it, some Canadian grandma's next to us liked it, and I'm sure people who wear expensive jeans and don't have an ounce of love for the arts would love it too.
5	We watched this show a few years ago when it was at Luxor Hotel.  I have not seen it again after they've moved to Venetian Hotel.  I wonder if anything changed since then due to the change of venue.We enjoyed the show very much.  Our kids loved it too.  They asked me to buy the sound track and the DVD of their other shows afterward.To me, the show was a percussion concert done in a very entertaining way.  The music was quite decent.  The show had good audience involvement when a wave of paper drowned the entire audience.  The paper glowed in the dark by the black lights and the effect was quite breathtaking.  My kids screamed in joy.We watched the DVD of their other shows.  Watching on TV vs. being there are two totally different experiences.  Perhaps the percussion must be heard in person, the stereo system at home just cannot reproduce the heart pounding effects.  My kids were very sensitive to loud noises, yet they were not bothered by the percussion.  I guess you feel the music in this show instead of hearing in your ears.
5	Shows like the Blue Man Group make it entertaining for virtually anyone in the audience who loves action, music, and creative story telling.  There is no dialogue, funky expressions, and plenty of head bopping beats / creative music.  Its hard not to marvel at these geniuses who take something so simple and make it so artistic, free of complexity and complication for those who get lost easily during live productions.Its family fun but its not cheap.  It was only $60-70 when it was still at the Luxor but has since blown up to as much as $130 given its proven popularity.  The Venetian knows they have a first rate show and with the fact the men behind the Blue Man Group have signed a contract, its guaranteed they'll be in Vegas for a few more years to entertain people from around the world.
5	Now that I have seen the show for the second time, I guess its finally time to write a review. These boys know how to put on a show!! It's great...visually stimulating and keeps you entertained through the entire 90 min. Artistically speaking this group is talented....not only the Blue Men, but their supporting 10 man band as well. The audience participation is a plus as well as the toilet paper fiesta during the show. They may not speak but after seeing the show, Blue Man Group is worth a thousand words!Side note: While my friends hanging out at the Venetian before the show, we passed by the Coffee Bean in the Canal shops...to our surprise the Blue Men were displaying their talents as baristas by ringing up customers and making drinks. Now that is what I call PR!
3	Stomp was better than this!! And cheaper too!!
5	I love this show! It's artsy, visually engaging and intellectually stimulating stuff. I've seen them here and in New York and had a fantastic time in both cases.I really recommend it for anyone looking for something interesting and fun to watch.Pricier than watching folks beat on random objects to make music, but much more worth it.
1	Stoopid. I can shove 10 gumballs in my mouth and spit too. I TP'ed when I was in the 7th grade (and that's before global warming was even an issue). Shame on you, hombres en azul.
3	I can see why there is such polarization in the views about this show.  This show suits people who are open to having a brainless, fun time and who enjoy showmanship, silliness, audience participation, light shows, loud noise and music.  If you want something more cerebral, this isn't the place to go.  I enjoyed myself overall because I was prepared for the silliness and had put myself in the right mindset.  The fact that I attended as part of my office's holiday party was a plus: I was in a playful mood, and I did not have to pay for my own tickets!   (To be honest, I wouldn't want to pay more than, say, $25 for this type of show, but I hear tickets are around $100).  So, if you are a child at heart, love light and music shows and audience participation, I think you'll have a good time.  If you like more serious and brainy fun, this will be excruciating for you.
1	I have read the reviews and can't sort out why there is such a diversity of opinion.  Well, this is not about "them" but about "me" and what I think and this is what comes to mind.If I would have ignored the hype, the advertising and the self righteous buzz and thought about it logically I think I would have passed on this show even before stepping into the ticket line.Why you ask?  Ok, lets think about it for a minute.   Picture 3 guys in blue latex head gear and blue latex gloves, playing drums splashing liquid florescent goop which is spewing from a tube in the chest of their black shirt.  How does that sound to you?  You think I am kidding right?  No, this basic theme goes on for 1.45 hours.  Mix in some audience participation, rolls of paper, cheap props and a handful of musicians and you have the show in a nutshell.Be honest with yourself, how much fun does that sound like?  Not much, trust me.  I was VERY disappointed in this show.My Suggestion(s):  Pick something else to see - anything else; go out to a really nice dinner or bet on black on the roulette table and if you lose you just saved 1.45 hours worth of time and if you win, go out to two really nice dinners :)
1	I only have 1 word to describe this show - STUPID!  It was the most boring show I've ever attended in Vegas!!  Wait, let me rephrase that - it was the most boring show I've ever attended in my WHOLE life!!!  You'd think the light, sound, music, and the drum would make it a fun show, but NO, it was loud, dreary, and silly.  They couldn't come up with interesting costumes that they just decided to throw paint on the performers?  And the toilette paper at the end........ what the fudge???  I felt like we were in a high school gymnasium.  This is a show that even if given free tickets I would not go see again.  What a waste of money and time that was!!!!  I wanted to beat up that taxi driver who told us this was a good show.  Never will I trust a taxi driver's recommendation again!
5	I'm actaully admire the artisitic creativity and more importantly how the show caters to all ages and races.  There is no language barriers and it is basically good clean fun.  Not including my posting, there were originally 35 reviews, of the 35 reviews 26 were rated four (4) stars or better.  I need not have to say anymore about the show.
4	We saw this show for the first night of our bachelor/bachelorette party weekend.  I had a blast.  I don't know if they still have it, but there was a digital sign board on the side of the stage - rolling various silly messages before the show.  Our friends had them do a special message for me and my husband to be.  What a nice way to start the weekend!   The show was very entertaining and funny.  We had such a good time because it was just mindless fun and good audience participation.  I've heard the show hasn't changed much over the years, and why change a good thing.  It's not a Cirque du Soleil production, but it's something everyone can enjoy.
4	I actually really liked this show! It was very entertaining and visually stimulating. Imagine lots of strobe lights, rock music, technology driven topics, and tons of audience participation. It was strange to watch the blue men doing the things that they did. My friends did not like it too much (but didn't mind since it was comped), but I found it very funny in many parts! Kids would enjoy this show as well...You really have to see this, if you're interested in something a little strange and unusual...
5	I absolutely love this show!  I saw it for the 4th time last night, and would go see it again in a heartbeat.  The music and percussion are awesome, the lighting is great, and the offbeat sense of humor of the whole production just makes it completely entertaining.Don't watch the DVD or check this out on TV before you see it live.  This is one of those experiences that needs to be had in person.  Once you've seen it live, *then* get the DVD so you can relive the experience whenever you want!
5	Definite must see!!! We loved this show, we actually liked it better than "O" at the Bellagio, perhaps it's because we're not really theater people. the only thing that ruined this show for me was the girl next to me screaming out yelling, "oh, i love this part.....oh this is great...oh" i was ready to say.."oh maybe you should see a different show since you've obviously seen this show one too many times!!!"
1	probably really entertaining if you're drunk or on something (like the group of girls behind us). if you're sober and looking for a show worthy of a $100+ ticket, go elsewhere.i went with a few friends and the four of us all agreed this was a total waste. blue mimes who play the drums and throw paint around. it feels like half the show is them just staring at each other. a quarter is them just walking around, and the last bit is them playing the drums on pvc. it's a like an extravagant high school production.
3	I really wanted to love this performance, but I didn't. I enjoyed it, had a good time with friends, but did not find the performance to be all that. For me, this did not live up to the hype. I ended up feeling that it cost too much for what it was and so I have spent the last few thoughts trying to decide if that was the main reason I didn't love it, or I just didn't love it. I decided I just didn't love it. I suppose I would give 3.5 stars here if I could. We went on a Sunday night to a pretty much full house. Certain things about this show were quite interesting and thought provoking. I was intrigued with the computer interactive portions of the show. A lot of it seemed to have a pantomime quality as well. I'm still trying to figure out how they do those blue faces. They look so slimy all of the time!We bought tickets online in the "poncho section." What's that mean my friend asked. Um, I don't know. I bet it means they're going to do something on stage that we would have to wear a cover-up for since we might get hit with it. Really, she asked? Yup. Turns out that's what it meant. We were in the third row from the stage; slightly off to the side. We dutifully covered up with the provided ponchos but also thankfully never got splashed with anything. Really, the show never went overboard the way Gallagher used to in his routines. It was pretty tame with the paint drumming and all. So, I liked the close-up view and seeing everything. I didn't particularly enjoy feeling like I needed to be swathed in saran wrap the entire time to do it, however.One portion of the show completely went over my head, both literally and figuratively, It was the "toilet paper" part. Well, turns out it had a more crepe paper like feel to it, but the stuff looked like toilet paper as it began to unroll and roll and roll and roll down from the top balcony through the entire audience and forced up in huge piles all over the front people (that's us) and the foot of the stage. Different. Oh yes. What did it mean? I have no idea! The purpose of this routine? Can't figure that out either. I just kept thinking, "Wow, they waste this much paper in every show???!!!" I couldn't stop that thought from bothering me. Surely they can't roll all of that dirty, crumpled up stuff back up again. What do they do with it now? I hope it gets recycled somehow......As you can see, something else really needed to be entertaining for me here so I wouldn't pre-occupy my mind like this during a performance!I'm glad I saw these guys. I can now be part of the main stream that knows what they are about. I'd say if you haven't seen them and want to do so, try to get the leftover seats half price ticket deals that a lot of vendors on the strip offer. I do think it would've been worth about half the price we paid to see them. But, that's about all for me.
5	day 16 of my nation wide tour...what a highlight to my vegas experience. thanks susan and eric for showing me the blue man. and susan for all her tips and help. wow. this show wow'ed me and i am not easily wow'ed. in fact i try to wow others as this show has wow'ed me. i tried to see it one time a long time ago but didn't end up going cuz i think i ended up losing the money i was gonna spend to watch this. but vegas yelpers to the rescue and i scored and watched this show for free. just wow!its unlike anything i've ever experienced and the most interactive mind blowing show ever. let got of all your ideas of reality and just go and experience this wherever they are playing.these guys are like aliens from the planet wow, wowing me. i am sure theres other good shows but this is a great mesh of style for me. i love weird stuff like this.i never got so lost in my trip driving as i did in vegas. it reminds me of my 2nd tour of duty driving in 'nam. its super confusing with roads that are closed or lead nowhere. i was fed up with vegas ready to take off but i can't. i still got one more thing to do here. but thank goodness for blue man to show me the way and to help me find my smile in vegas. see here it is!http://static.px.yelp.com/photo/dhGM6FCdeISuYQOMrFdvyQ/lwow. its worth every penny. and it's in the venetian, only the coolest hotel casino on the strip! go see it. experience it. live it. yada yada yada. i've always told ppl i have vegas. i been here like 25 times i think. the last 20 cuz i had to. but blue man you have changed my opinion about this town and its dry climate and the crazy driving conditions and all the drunk dirt bags. and fyi all the maps of vegas online are wrong!fyi 2 - whatever happens in vegas will go on my review. so i'm watching you drunk girl number 2!
1	Do I even have to give it one star? I really was more than disappointed with this show if you can call it that. If you like DRUMS, then go, have a blast, other than that, it really offers nothing else other than bright colored paint poured onto drums and then a lot of strobe lights and I felt like i was at a rave.  They POUR toilet paper all over you to begin with and then at the end, you are to pass allthis additional toilet paper to the front of the stage and you get covered. What is so great about that again? I paid all this money to get all this wasted paper poured onto me? They had giant white tubes hanging fromthe ceiling which lit up and just swirved all around. I was just not impressed with the performance nor do I even want to call it that. Sorry to disappoint you if you have tickets already.I would not go to see this show if it was FREE. They bring a woman up on stage and it drags on FOREVER and I found myself looking for the exit. Not funny, not entertaining, not special, not interesting, not going back EVER!!!
5	This show was my boyfriends choice for our trip (I chose Cirque Du Soleil's O, which we saw a different night), and I had my doubts going in.  I'd never seen Blue Man Group before, except for some awards show, and I thought they were just some goofy dudes dressed in blue... Not something I was looking forward to.So, we get in, and we're seated RIGHT behind the section that is wearing the parkas... Great, I think, I'm probably going to get wet.  Then they ask us to decorate ourselves, and they hand out a bunch of streamers.  Okay.  This is getting funny (we were already a bit drunk).  Then the show starts.  And. WOW.  It was hilarious, amazing, awesome, unbelievable, etc, etc, etc.  The effects are crazy, the group is entertaining (although at one point one of them came up to me and I was really afraid they'd pull me onto stage... Luckily, that didn't happen! Haha.. But the people they did pull up were funny.).My favorite part of the whole show is when they pulled out all the paper over the whole audience, with the lights flashing.  There are no words to accurately describe how funny/cool/amazing this was.  None.  It was absolutely fantastic... See, not a good enough word for it!!If you are visiting Vegas, looking for a great show, go to Blue Man Group.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Surprisingly SO GOOD!! SO ENTERTAINING!! SO FUNNY!! SO ENERGETIC!! LOVED IT!!My whole family loved it but my parents liked it the most! After the show my dad said "It makes me want to play the drums!!" This is coming from a 61 year old Korean man! Now, that has to say something about this show.I don't want to share more details because I dont want to ruin the show for anyone.
5	This show has the best of all the Vegas shows rolled into one....upbeat energetic music, comedic elements, and an impressive display of performance art.  I think the show is best when you don't know much about the BMG and are just open to a new experience.  It is unique to say the least and if you let yourself get caught up in it, you will have a blast.
4	Very fun show,I have seen it a few times,They change themes every few years so it's new,IF your in Vegas and not broke ,give it a shot
1	I totally didn't get it, and never found any of it funny. The whole thing was just stupid and put me and my friend in a blah mood so it was hard to get motivated to go out afterwards. Talk to people who are similar, your friends and then see if you should go.
4	I went in a skeptic -- I thought, "3 guys painted blue who don't talk and bang on pipes?" -- and I came out a fan. It was much more clever, irreverent, interactive, and interesting than I expected it to be, and I wholeheartedly enjoyed it. There's good aural and visual humor, really interesting special effects, and funny bits of audience participation.
3	Since I allways review based on if I got my money's worth, I have to only give this show 3 starz.  It was two hours of mindless music and fun, but for $226.00 for two of us to get in, not so fun.  I don't know why these Vegas casino's feel to charge so much to get into these shows.  I only went, because my friend said its what he wanted for his bday.   That will be the last BMG show Ill ever pay for.   I just didn't feel fullfilled.
5	I had no expectations before attending this show. I had seen a little bit of their performances on TV, but there was nothing that really excited me. But when I saw this awesome deal on Travelzoo.com (shameless plug) for lower level seats at balcony level prices, I thought, "What the hey...how bad can it be to watch three guys with blue face paint up on stage doing silly things?" After it was all said (errrr...mimed) and done, the show was surprising in every way! It was surprisingly funny and entertaining and it made you wish the show was longer. The "Blue Dudes" as I like to call them, interacted with the crowd throughout much of the show. That kept making you wonder what they would do next or if they would bring you up on stage! I loved every moment of this show! It definitely is a must see!Beware of massive amounts of paper!
5	I loved this show!  I had seen a documentary on these guys on PBS (don't laugh!).  It was awesome to actually have seen what this group was all about before I actually got to see a live show.I saw the billboard as I drove by The Venetian.  But I bought the tickets on a whim... just because I happened to be eating at a restaurant at the Venetian.  The tickets were $140.00 each, but that's what you have to expect from Vegas.Of course it was way better than the tv, duh.  But I was sitting in the last row of the orchestra section...and one of the blue guys was standing right behind me at one point of the show.  It was hilarious and freaky at the same time.You definitely have to like dance music to like this show (I think).  Some people don't care for loud, house type of music.  And the title of this show actually is "How To Be A Megastar."  It kind of feels like you are at a rave...when the lights are low, the band has outfits and face paint that glows.Anyway, I feel that this is a must see show.  It was definitely engaging and worth what I paid.
4	I came here when I visited a friend who is going to school here and we decided to go see a Vegas show!!!This being my first one I was pretty excited!  I thought the show was very fun and entertaining.  I love how they included the audience as a part of their show too!The tickets were $140 per person but since my friend is a resident there, it was a 2 for 1 deal!  Score!!!Tip: If you do see it, ask around to see if you do know anyone that lives there so you can get the deal as well!  Sit in the front you'll get wet but they do provide you with ponchos!
4	BMGGGGGGGGG!I have wanted to see this show for the past few years and I'm glad I FINALLY got the chance.I sat in the 5th row (wearing the raincoats) and they were literally 15 feet away from us.  Luckily I got in on a good promotional price!Man, these guys are great.  I know that it might not be the right show for a lot of people, especially since there are so many other shows available to watch, but it is definitely a one-of-a-kind show.  I think they definitely overcharge their retail prices (since the move to Venetian?) but if you can get a deal, go check them out.  They are super weird yet pretty damn cool.  Why else would I have a picture with one of them as my facebook profile? :D
4	A great show that stimulates your senses :o)  It's a show that will keep you entertained and laughing.  It's also about audience participation as well.  The more cheering and involved the audience is the more pumped they get.  I think if i were to watch the show again (which is highly likely) i would want closer seats.  I sat at the second portion of the floor section slightly under the balcony, it was ok and safe but i want to get really involved next time.
5	I have always wated to watch the Blue Men ever since the Intel commercials. I finally checked them out during my trip out Memorial Day weekend and OMG! my BF and I laughed so hard we were wiping each others tears by the end of the show.We got poncho seating for about $100 - 4th row! Totally interactive with the audience, one of them actually went up to my BF and messed with him. Too funny!The show is more about futuristic technology. They also have a live band that they jam with.A fun perfomance/concert/comedy. And I don't care but we had a blast at the end throwing the TP around!
5	This was the most recent show that I've seen in Vegas, fortunately I went on a Comp since I work at the Palazzo.  This show is extremely entertaining to say the least, and very visually stimulating.  There is a high amount of audience participation, which I believe is one of the main factors in the success of this performance.  It definitely delivers when it comes to entertaining an audience ranging from 8-80 years old.  The Blue Man Group are also very comedic while not saying a single word the entire performance, which is very impressive.  My seats were great, right center mezzanine, below the balcony.  Ticket prices are among the norm on the strip, ranging from $80 - $110.  Definitely a show to see if you're a family, or a couple looking for an entertaining Vegas experience.
4	This was a very entertaining show.   There really is not story - more just goofy blue men playing instruments with bright colors, and lots of audience participation.We didn't know what to expect going into the show, but  we had a great time.  It was fun, unique, and overall a good time.Check out the 2 for 1 specials and last minute ticket sales - you'll get them a lot cheaper!
3	My friend recommended that I go see Blue Man Group, so my boyfriend and I bought expensive $100 tickets and had high expectations.  Unfortunately, we left the theater feeling very confused.No story, just random blue alien-looking guys drumming, splashing paint, and encouraging the audience to wrap streamers around themselves.  I give them an A for their enthusiasm and energy, but other than that there wasn't much else. My boyfriend thought that maybe if we had been on something, it would've been a better show.  Hehe
4	What can I say... a friend of mine who works at The Venetian comped us 4 tix to watch these guys...and at $100 / ticket, who wouldn't go? I've always wondered what the big fuss about The Blue Man Group was about, so this was the safest & cheapest route. Needless to say, the show was great! The kids enjoyed it too! It was a good mixture of music, humor and theatrics. 2 thumbs up for the BMG!
4	The show does not make sense...but it was sooo entertaining.There were a few times I was literally thinking "uhhhh what's going on?"But it was thrilling nonetheless...My favorite part: the audience participation at the end....You'll just have to watch!
5	Lets see, the best show i have been to.  If you watch the show, you have to go in there with an open mind or you'll be confused.  There's a lot of hidden messages in the program, but it is also interacting, very funny, and just amazing to watch. i guess the reason why is was super cool was because our seats were $170.00 each and we didn't even pay for it.  but if it was my first time, i would pay the price but to watch it the second time, maybe.
5	Best.  Show.  Ever.Well.  Worth.  The.  Money.
5	a great show..we got our tickets through the half price ticket booth at fashion show mall..the seats they gave us were in the third row but right against the wall..so we asked the usher if we could move, the usher got the manager and we were moved to the aisle in the middle immediately. great service..great show.
5	Rarely do you see such intelligent, imaginative, and visually stunning entertainment that is fun, challenging, and communicative - all without a single word spoken.This performance will doubtlessly be confusing to some people.  I can definitely see that it isn't for everyone.  If you can't see the world through the eyes of a child, think twice about seeing this.That having been said, we found it to be worth every last penny we paid for the poncho seats that we had.  It was the highlight of our last trip to Vegas, and I hope we'll be doing it again soon.
4	This show was so exciting! Mom got Hubby and I tickets for his birthday and we just about died laughing. We even learned some things.The best part was that after the show, Hubby got his picture taken with one of the, well, Blue Men, and the Blue Man put a giant blue hand print in the middle of Hubby's face. Hubby then walked around like that for a while. It was Vegas, after all.See this show- you will be glad you did!
2	I've seen worse. I've even seen much worse. But this was still pretty bad.Had very clever moments, some interesting ideas, the occasional touch of "that was kinda cool" -- but the end result was a feeling of, "THAT'S what all the fuss was about?"Kids will love this show for sure For adults, you'd be better served at Cirque's O, Mystere, or Love shows, or catch Penn & Teller over at the Rio or Amazing Johnathan wherever he's performing.I wouldn't see Blue Man Group again for free. Just too much hype and far too little substance.
3	Definitely a bit entertaining, but too much of the same thing over and over again.  I have to say I like some of the special effects, but overall we came out of the show not too entertained and almost felt like we got rob for our money.  For the price there is better shows in Vegas.
4	I've seen this show so many times I can almost act it out. With that said I'm going to give it a review it deserves.First off what do you expect? It's comedy, it's visual and it's stimulating. The comedy is almost slap stick at times and others it's just comedic genius. The music is loud. There is a lot of drumming.There is no plot but there are "scenes"There is some that deal with paint. Um Twinkies. The final frontier, Captian Crunch Cereal. And much more.The end is probably the best. All I can say without giving it away is lots and lots of toilet paper. :)But i met one of the musicans in the show. He said the blueman group is about humanity and how we are all connected. Apparently the idea goes deeper than that! A tip: you must get the blue man group speciality drink! It's blue!!! lol. Also the gift shop is pretty cool too. My roommate bought the first soundtrack and oddly enough i Fell in love with the music. Who knew.
4	I was skeptical.  I refused to pay full price for the tickets. I went in with no expectations and actually enjoyed the show.  There are a lot of mixed reviews here and via word of mouth.  I guess the show isn't for everyone...We got discounted tickets (40% off) via Ticketmaster.com.  Thank goodness for that.  The acoustics were great, the music was loud and the show kept us entertained.  There are a few moments where you're thinking to yourself, are they really paying these guys to do this?This show is definitely good for kids and kids at heart.  You shouldn't go in expecting a whole lot or psychoanalyze the plot show.  You will set yourself up for disappointment.  Just have enjoy it. Chill.TIP:  The show is about 1 hour 45 minutes and there is no intermission. So make sure you get your urine in order before the show begins.  Also, DO NOT WALK IN LATE.  There was a couple who walked in late and the Blue Men stopped the show, stopped the music, the large screen flashed "Late Arrivals" and the spotlight is on you until you are seated.  They will call you out if you are late!  You will be mortified.
5	I was told that this show is funny and very entertaining, but did not ask about the content of the show. Since I had booked my Hotel, I looked into shows. I saw tickets for Blue Man Group through travelzoo for 30 percent off. First, before entering to get seated, you must go to the 'V' bar next door for a drink to loosen up, so not to bee such a critic. Wow, some reviews here. What does it take to make you laugh a little? Again, go next door for a drink or two first. I enjoyed the Mime type of show, no words spoken, just movement and actions. Without any expectations, every scene was great. From the drumming with paint, the marshmallows, the twinkies, act like a rock star, all the drumming, and the party paper. It was very enjoyable, but I'm just a simple guy that enjoys and laughs a lot. For the $98, 9 rows up, center, you can't beat it for pure entertainment, nothing more. Oh, there was a marriage proposal on my row, now that's pressure! At least there are no young little chinese orphan kids bending like gumby for your entertainment, in Cirque, right? My bad, I'll stop.
5	The show is awesome! I didn't have much expectations and flowed along with it. I laughed at practically everything. All the lights and sounds amused me. I was also very amused by how these three blue men could communicate so effectively without speaking a single word! They also like to interact with the audience so expect to participate in it. Their transitions from one act to the next is smooth. Music is good but that's if you like lots of drumming, dance music, and very little words. Of course it was pricey but they are definitely a unique set of people worth seeing at least once.
3	I guess I expected more out of the Las Vegas show.  I had seen BMG when they toured through San Diego last year and really enjoyed their Rock Concert themed show.  It was very original and had a lot of fun audience participation.And although a small element of that show was incorporated into the Vegas show, it just didn't have the same appeal to me.  I found things to move pretty slowly.  I would say that the fact that they don't talk made things feel like they were going slowly, but they don't talk in Stomp, and that seemed pretty fast paced.I definitely like the lighting and the band kicks ass.  The special effects for the most part are pretty cool, and it can be hilarious when they bring the right audience member up to help with a scene (or a disaster if they get someone who just isn't into it).So, overall I give it an "ehh".  Fun, but not my first choice of shows on the Strip.  I will probably go see them again when I hear that they've updated their content, but for now am content to try other shows.TIP:  Come in late to the show.  I dare you!  You'll see why...
4	We absolutely loved this show. Very good act for people who dont speak, and very interactive show as well.My wife loved the show, and we'd see it again in a heartbeat.Even better was that we got tickets for 40-50% off from Tix4Tonight.$70 including taxes got us to sit in Row 3.
4	I really enjoyed Blue Man Group, but I do think it's for the older crowd.  Meaning if you are over 50, it may be too noisy and active for you :)These guys are very talented.  Comedic, musical and they always keep a straight face which makes it funny at times.  You can watch a few acts by them on youtube to see if this is the show for you.Check on ebay for discount coupons.
4	An awesome show for the open-minded and intelligent. There are some slap stick moments, as well as moments of satire dealing with technology and art amongst other things. Kids will enjoy the show for the music, colors, and interaction. The show kept you guessing at every moment. Don't go if you're over 40+ or lack a sense of humor or wonder.
4	This show is extremely funny and keeps you on your toes, especially if you are in the first few rows. I love how it is interactive. Everyone in this production is super talented. Awesome music, awesome visuals, awesome comedy.My favorite part was the whole animation scene, so keep a look out for it. I LOVED IT!!! I would suggest anyone to see it. It is definitely different, so keep an open mind.
2	Good thing I didn't pay for the tickets..These goofy blue men has no special talents, all they do is give funny faces, beat drums, ooze milky substance, and make fun of audience.The show is probably funny for 15 year olds.
3	I saw this show several years ago with a group of friends at Luxor. We paid about $80 per ticket to sit somewhere in the middle of the theater. That was back in the days when Blue Man Group was still pretty new and there was major hype about them. I had really high expections.The show is definitely unique in it's ways. It's very colorful and keeps your eyes moving. Funny during some moments, but during other moments... I was thinking to myself "Is this it?"This show ends with an interesting surprise involving toilet paper that gets the whole audience involved. That was kinda cool. Overall it was just an okay show...left just a bit disappointed. If you are thinking about seeing this show, I'd try to get discount tickets any way I could but I think Vegas has several others shows I'd rather see.
4	I lived here all these years and never went to see blue man group till recently... I didn't think I'd be that into it. But I was wrong, this show was a lot of fun and pretty impressive. Still if you're only going to see one show while you're in Vegas, you have to see Ka. It's my top pick.
5	GREAT DEAL FOR STUDENTS!!!On their website they offer student rush tickets! Just call the day of and see what they have available. We paid about $43/person (including tax/fees) for second row seats, the first was even available but I thought it was a little too close. We saw the 10:00 pm show which had more seating options than the 7:00 pm show.The show consisted of three amusing Blue Men bringing light to the sillier side of life. It definitely is for those who enjoy fun/relaxing humor. =] Their audience interaction keeps everyone curious and anxious to see what happens next. Beware, those in the poncho section may have to dodge random flying objects, but no one will get drenched. *phew* I really enjoyed the creativity of utilizing the "tube" instruments and the amazing band that accompanied the performance throughout the night. They are a group of talented people and have amazing musical abilities.After the show anyone can take pictures with the Blue Men and the band. This is a creatively put together show enjoyable for the whole family! =]Paying the student price Enjoying the second row Hearing real amazing music (instead of friends using Rock Band/Guitar Hero)Smiling throughout the whole night...This show deserves five stars. =]
5	I went to see a show a few years ago and I still think fondly of the experience.  I didn't really know what to expect but it was certainly out of this world.  All of the group members were very interactive with the audience and played off of each other's strengths.  I suggest you try to get seats as close as you can.  I sat in the second row and had a ball, but I wanted to be even closer.  I would totally take the opportunity to see them again if offered to me.  You won't go wrong with the Blue Man Group.
4	I HAVE CHANGED MY MIND.....YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS SHOW! Originally, I would watch those Pentium commercials and roll my eyes at the blue men that streaked across my TV doing random things for no reason. I never understood what these men were! However, I have changed my mind! I saw the show and WOW! Just wow! It's an awesome, fun show! You will have a VERY good time cause these guys are WAY random and they totally incorporate the audience! When you are in Vegas and tired of watching the cirque shows or tired of magic, try to catch this show!
5	FIRST OFF: Travelzoo.com has a better coupon than using YELP30. It's 40% off so I got Blue Zone tickets for $80 when they are normally $132! The only downfall to this show was that the tickets are very pricey but now they are completely affordable!I have seen this show 2 times already and I'm going for my third time in April! I absolutely can not get enough of this show. This is the epitome of a show you would want to see when you are in Vegas. High energy, entertaining and wonderful staging.I've seen a few reviews asking, "what is all the fuss about?". I honestly, love this show because it is an art show. The purpose of this show is to act as a living, moving, interactive art exhibit rather than a performance show. As much as it is people on a stage, it is also a group of artists creating art before an audience. How often would you get to see that elsewhere?! Imagine your favorite artist, painting right in front of you! I believe, this show is entertaining all by itself, without having to adjust your mindset. But just a note for those of you who are harder to please :)
4	REVIEW # 100 !!! Blue Man Group, at the Venetian Hotel in Vegas, was entertaining, educational and musical all the same time. I had the pleasure of attending Blue Man with my entire extended family and I have to say- I think this was the best situation to see the show.  The show was interactive and even slightly captivating at times. Audience members are escorted to the stage to participate and the members of the show walk through the aisles, and sometimes even climb over the seats.  You can't get much more interactive than that.  There are two shows, one at 7 pm and one immediately after it at 9pm.  I dont know how those guys do it, they have to clean the entire theatre after having just trashed it.  I have to say- I was a little disappointed that there wasn't more paint involved.  It seemed more of a comedy/music show that I thought.  So much emphasis had been put on the pipes and paint, but very little time was actually dedicated to them.Would I see it again?  You know, I think Blue Man Group is a treat to see once but seeing as the show hasn't changed at all since it opened, it will almost positively be the same if you went back again.
1	Saw this show a few weeks ago.  What an aweful show!  To be honest, I have been to countless Broadway shows ... I've seen Phantom of the Opera 5 times, Mama Mia 6 times, and I've also seen most of the Cirque De Sole, but this show is one of the worse I have ever seen.  Silly visual effects does not make a good Broadway show.  I'm sorry I went, and I felt it was a waste of my time and money.  There are much better alternatives than this.
4	they scare methey waste too much toilet paper
5	Amazing!!!! If you have a chance, go watch this! It is performance at its best, and there's nothing out there like it. I was so impressed, and I really liked how they let you do a meet and greet after with the guys from Blue Man Group! 3 notes about the show-1. You might get "wet" in row H, even though it's out of the wet zone. 2. If you sit in the ends or the back, you will have a greater chance of getting chosen to participate. (Warning or tip, up to you) 3. There are usually deals online for tickets to this show so do your research before you go! I got my tickets for $50.00 cheaper than regular price. Also, buy from the hotel website directly because some 3rd parties charge more. And of course, enjoy the show!!!
1	The show was a little over an hour long.  Half of that hour was watching them eat Twinkies ... no REALLY... and the other half they made a HUGE mess on the stage, of which I don't even know what they were trying to do.  The music sucked, oh, and we got TP'd in the beginning.  I don't know about you, but I'm not really cool with spending $100 bucks just to get TP'dReally the only reason why I watched this show was because I got to go to Madame Tussaud's for free for buying the ticket.  I thought 2 shows for the price of 1.. so cool! .... WRONG!!  Madame Tussaud, on the other hand, was excellent.  You should stay as far away from this show as possible.  You should skip the double feature bullshit and pay the $35 to go to JUST Madame Tussaud's instead of being a cheap ass like me.
5	I've been blessed to see blue man group a few times an i have to say its a great time. I've seen in in different states  so I can say  the show does vary from state to state .The poin behind Blue man group is to show that you can find beauty in the simple every day things. The music is unique and will have you tapping your heels and they get you motivated to move !!!Tickets can be expensive but i was able to get some great seats by researching the interweb. I truly had my eyes opend after my first show and know that you can never guess what these sexy boys in blue will do next !
5	Great show! Much better than I ever expected. Music was outstanding...these guys are terrific percussionists! We were glad we weren't in the poncho rows but it was an experience where everyone had fun!
5	I went to this show a while ago but I'm sure it doesn't change much.  My husband is a big fan and has seen the show a few times.  I thought it looked so dumb and went in a crabby mood thinking it would be really lame.  OMG I had so much fun, my mood lifted right away with all the paper all over the place.  We had balcony seats right above sound booth and got loaded with paper products because there was no where for it to go.  I really had a blast and it's really a family friendly show.  It's a can't miss.
1	I'm so glad I can finally write a review on this show because it is effing stupid!!!! Saw it a few years back because of the highly rated reviews, but was completely disappointed, angered, and frustrated about how anyone can possibly consider this to be entertaining. It was the worst waste of an hour and a half of my life, needless to say total waste of 200 dollars for two tickets.  I left wondering if there was something that I didn't understand, inside jokes that I've missed, or that I wasn't stoned or drunk to find the show of a shred of entertainment value.Let me break it down to you: the show consists of tp running down the audience, watching the bluemen eating and subsequently vomitting spaghetti and twinkie, making crunching noises from eating cereal, and stupidly staring at each other. If anyone can help me justify how this show exists, or likewise provide insight on what I've missed, I welcome your feedback, otherwise, do me a favor and save your money.  However, if you must insist on finding out for yourself, make sure you're get wsted enough (something I wish I had done) before watching the show so that you can wash off that hour and a half of your life along with your hangover the next morning.
5	Great show and easily one of my favorites!  Came to vegas a couple of summers ago and stayed at what is now Planet Hollywood.  Although we didnt get to see Iron Mike spar for chump change, we bought tickets for this show.  I was kind of against the fact that I had to pay $125.00per ticket (which was the cheapest price)  But did it anyway, since well I was drunk and would have said yes to anything.  So we headed over to the Venetian to one of the little bars outside of the auditorium to pre drink.  Then the doors opened and we made our way in.  Great auditorium!  Bars on each floor so you can keep yourself adequately hydrated during the show!  So the show starts and let me tell I wish I was on something other than alcohol because the sound, sights and feel of the show was just so amazingly intense a pill or two would have made my mind have an over load!  All in all the show was spectacular and I got to take a couple of pictures with the sweaty Blue men afterwards!  That sounds kinda funny, Sweaty Bluemen...errrrr
4	Get yourself a prescription for your glaucoma before coming to this show.  I had no idea what to expect before the show began, I just knew that these were some of the weirdest looking cats I have ever seen in entertainment.  You really have to see this one for yourself to be the judge.  I would recommend it to those that like trying new things and appreciate sound.  Fans of the long-time show "Stomp" will be pleased with this hi-tech percussive performance starring three vocally mute musical "plumbers".
5	I got a 2nd chance to go back to Blue Man Group and I enjoyed it much more!!! Service is good and show had a lot of humor and music!!!
5	Blue Man Group is a must-see when visiting Las Vegas!  Can't argue with other reviewers with regards to seeing it again but the first time will be a thrilling ride!  I was a bit under the weather during the show but even feeling ill wasn't enough to stop me from getting pulled into the BMG world.  Now what in the world is Blue Man Group?  I'd call it performance art with a heavy emphasis on percussion, colorful light imagery, audience participation and the human experience.  The show at the Venetian opened up on a fantastical stage with shadow images of the three Blue Men banging on drums.  To the left and right were supporting musicians pounding out their beats and two carousels of human statuettes.  The BMG skits are inter-spliced with video messages and imagery, viewers in the first 8 rows may need ponchos to protect them from the paint shenanigans.  Two embarassed, audience members were pulled up on stage to participate and the ending (without sharing secrets) pulls in the entire audience and is a calvacade of fun.  BMG is not cheap we're talking $100+ for tickets but a fun, energetic experience.  It's wierd, funny and the BMen can be creepy at times.   I'd highly recommend it but some folks will not understand or get it (see the negative reviews).  Either you appreciate inane, irreverant, visual performance art or you don't.  But if you've got an open mind and are imaginative, I'm pretty sure BMG will be a great experience for you!
4	It is difficult to describe this show, as its themes are multimedia presentations, experimentations, and playing with different objects to create unique sound effects, music, and art.The Blue Man Group is three bald boys in blue, who do not speak but create and play onstage to communicate their curiosities to the curious crowds.We were in the "poncho" area of the theater.  This is the front rows of the theater, where audience members have to wear a protective plastic ponchos.  This is due to being splattered with paint or foods that have been sprayed, ejected, or thrown by these guys from the stage.  They bring a number of curious contraptions on stage, with which they create sounds, or eject objects from them.  They bring drum-like barrels on stage on which there are paints in brilliant colors, and they beat on them with large drumsticks so that the paint splashes everywhere...on them, on the audience, and they also create this truly impressive percussive sound.  The entire experience is about percussion, music, and live art.At one part of the show, the entire audience is covered with paper, which spools out of large rolls that come from the back of the theater.  With it, audience members are encouraged to create their own articles of clothing or masks.  The lights in the theater go out, black lights are on, and the entire theater glows with the white paper.These guys also bring audience members on stage to use them for their silly antics, and satires on modern life.  The show is exciting, daring, energetic, and you really get involved. It is an interactive experience that i think any age group would enjoy.
5	Great show!!! As a musician, this is something that I was very impressed with. Even the group is not only these 3 guys and their band, it is great to see such performance. How do I know there are more? We were in Las Vegas on May 27th for the show. At that time, they were also performing at one of the Indian Casinos in California. I am not sure the name of it. However, I learned that they also have a permanent show stationed in the area of Roppongi in Tokyo Japan as well as New York and other cities. It is one of the greatest organizations that has hundreds of people with such talent providing the same show. It is not like you would go see your typical band and would know each member by name but the show is great and I do RECOMMEND to all. If you are in Vegas this is a must see. It is not cheap but they have decent prices. Our seats were orchestra non-wet seats just about 4 rows from the stage. $300.00 well spent for my wife and I. Check it out and write your review. Enjoy the music, comedy and all their talent in general.
4	I'd give it a 4.5 star because I think I will watch it again.. it's so funny, so unexpected of 3 men in blue costumes doing mimes.I sat in front row seats and is buried in tons of TP!  This is a great show to take your parents to in LV if they don't speak English very well..    ^_^
5	This was intense! The music was amazing, the visuals dazzled and the comedy was funny beyond measure and all without the performers saying a word. This show lives up to the hype, all the hype. It is the perfect length and has the right amount of audience participation and it also enlightens. The routines are just outstanding and there is nothing like it, it's impossible to compare this show to anything. Go see it. You will not be disappointed.
5	You can't go to Las Vegas without seeing Blue Man Group! It was so hyped up for so long that I finally caved in and went to go see it, and it was such a good decision! The whole show was so energetic and completely hilarious! It was artistic and original, and the men are so talented and say everything without saying anything at all. I would have payed full price, but I found a discount code on www.destinationcoupons.com for 30% off of my tickets, so I saved almost $ 40! By the time I left the show I was probably more exhausted than them because of how high energy the whole production was the entire time, but this show really surpassed my expectations! I woudl reccomend it to anyone, adult, teen, child, elder, I guarantee you won't regret it!
5	Love the music, love the comedy, love the effects and imagery!!! My fiance and I found it to be one of the best shows ever! We did not expect it to be funny! I found our tickets for 40% off online and had front and center orchestra seats, a few rows from the poncho zone.
4	My kids loved Blue man group.  They loved the loudness.  the performance art.  their favorite was the toilet paper.  I do not think my aunt enjoyed it as much.  However I highly recommend taking children to this show.
5	This popped my first Vegas show cherry & it was everything that I expected it to be: dazzling, colorful, musical, surprising and massive audience participation full of laughs and unexpected touches. Opt in for the poncho section because they're cheaper, you really won't get that splashed with paint and being able to see the little tweaks in their facial expressions are absolutely priceless and add a whole new dynamic to their performances.What you might expect: percussion drums + paint, dance moves and a whole lot of toilet paper. There is some English spoken by a disembodied announcer but overall, its perfect for non-English speakers too and kids of course!
5	I really liked this show.  It's fun, entertaining, fast paced, funny...  Cool music.You can't keep your eyes off the stage, you just don't want to miss anything they do.Most amazing part is that they do all this without saying a word.If you have the money, and don't mind getting wet/ dirty with paint, do get the front seats.  The show is interactive but those seats are right there in the "action".  Either way you'll have a great time.At the end of the show, stay a bit, you'll be able to see them in the lobby and take pictures with them.Great show for kids and grownups alike.
5	Blue Man Group ROCKS!I'm so glad I finally got to see them! This is a nice change of pace  after watching FOUR Cirque Du Soleil shows. These guys are definitely quirky and unique. I think you really have to have a sense of humor to enjoy these guys. If you're too square, you just won't get it. This show is definitely a good laugh with very interesting visuals. I can't say too much! You just have to go watch the show for yourself! I just find it so impressive that three guys can be so entertaining without even speaking a word throughout the show. I know the ticket prices can be a little high, but there are coupons for discounted tickets if you search around. Check out Travelzoo for Vegas show discounts or use a search engine to look for Blue Man Group coupons. It'll definitely pay off! I paid only about $60 (including fees) for Row R seats (could have gotten front row tickets for the same price!). There's always a useable coupon floating around somewhere. YOU DON'T HAVE TO PAY FULL PRICE!For those who like to be a part of show, definitely try to get seats in the front row. They'll also give you a poncho because it can get a little wet up there. But isn't that all part of the fun of it all? =) These guys will even pull out members of the audience from the back. So even you quiet ones, beware! =P I had Row R seats and it was a pretty good view. It definitely didn't seem that far. Catch this show when you can! It's definitely worth the moola! =)
5	My friends and I got front row tickets. Filled with excitement and nervousness, we wrapped ourselves in the provided ponchos and awaited our destiny of doom. Act after act, we were safe. But since our seats were damp when we first sat down, we knew something was bound to happen. And then, out of nowhere, in the middle of an act, blobs of stuff flew towards us. We shreked as this gooey mass hit us all over. It was mashed bananas! The bananas weren't too bad...until the oxidation process where it started smelling and turning brown. Since I had the center seat, I took most of the hit. My arms looked as if I had a bad sunburn with skin peeling off. My legs looked as if birds crapped on me. Even though I spent quite a long time scrubbing myself and picking chunks out of my hair, it was a great show. Great acts and music. It incorporated various elements and techniques. Visually stimulating, entertaining and much more!  Awesome!!!!! =)
5	My bratty chick got chosen on stage for a nice Blue Man Group dinner and she was the only pale human. That made the night because I was shocked. They treated her like a princess and you know what that means, she expects me to treat her the same way. They fed her twinkies, how am I gonna top that?I like how the show was totally different, the band was great. Great music.Yea, it got boring in some scenes, but the way they did it was unique.The paper at the end was awsome, it's not a waste, they recycle. never seen that kind of show. Go see it, and kiss one of the blue men for me.
4	This is another great show to watch in las vegas. I had front row seats, I got wet.... Oh well. I think the highlight of the show is this machine that spins and its like doing dance breaking moves pretty cool.my eyes start to trip when I look at it for awhile. Its a must see show if you go to vegas...
5	Amazing!I honestly think my most favorite movies and shows come out of those I know least about going into them. The less hype, the better! Going into this show, my knowledge of the Blue Man Group was limited to three guys that don't speak and do some drumming. Well, the bf had heard good things and I hadn't heard anything bad, so we decided to give it a try. We got some pretty bomb seats. 3rd row on the right side seating. Everything about the show was surprisingly and pleasantly different. I was amused, shocked, thrilled, and thoroughly entertained. I don't really want to ruin anything in the show, but I would say go in expecting something you've never seen before and with an open mind. Be ready to have some fun and get involved!
5	I finally, FINALLY got to see this show last weekend when I was in town for my friends 30th birthday. It was the best show I have seen in Vegas thus far. Great musical talents! Anyone that can make awesome, rhythmic sounds come out of pipes deserve the credit. The band members are fantastic as well; Great costumes and stage design; A lot of comedy and audience interaction - and all this with not one word spoken. The Blue Men and the band hang around after the show for pictures and autographs - A dab of their thumb or hand to their head and bam! You have an automatic blue thumb or hand print autograph on your program, c.d. or face. I'm so glad I got to experience The Blue Man Group. I highly recommend this to everyone that rolls into Vegas and is looking for a memorable show.
3	Wanting to try something different then just the Cirque shows in Vegas we decided to give the Blue Man Show a try.  Being that www.travelzoo.com had tickets for the same night for roughly $55/ person we couldn't turn it down.  Great bargain considering we paid $100/person for 'O' the previous night.I have to say I really was surprised by the show.  I knew the show had some humor in it but I really wasn't expecting this much humor.  The first hour consisted of them doing many comedic acts along with pulling out a crowd member to participate.  Besides the opening act, I was disappointed that the first hour just consisted of pure comedy.  I mean don't get me wrong, they did a pretty good job of it but I was really here to see them play their instruments not stand around and stare at the crowd.When the 2nd act did role around they did pick it up and they started to play some awesome music.  Overall, I was entertained but I just wish they showed off more of their drumming abilities.  Still debating if I really liked or disliked the show....
5	This show is hella tight, if you like music and crazy stuff this is the show for you. The show was about an hour and a half I think. Non stop music, some crazy stuff was flying off the stage and the ending it crazy. I had the poncho seat, you might actually need it. The ending again crazy. I had a student discount, so if you get a chance use it. Only $45 a ticket with the service charge. Hella cheap.
1	I wish that I could give this ZERO stars because that is what it deserves.  I  actually just walked out of the show about half an hour ago.  I couldn't bear to sit through any more of that crap.  I literally had my mouth hanging open b/c I could not believe how BAD it was.  I was also baffled that everyone around me seemed to be enjoying it.I want my money and my life back!!
5	Fantastic show.  If you are into loud drums and guitar, and rock music mixed with visual effects - this show is for you.If I had the cash, I would go to see this again in a heartbeat.The ONLY bad part (and this was just for the show I saw) is that some time during each performance, the Blue Dudes bring an audience member on stage with them.  Instead of acting like a normal person, our audience member tried to act like she was one of the Blue Dudes.  That was the only part (again, of the performance I saw) that was not-funny.Otherwise great, fun, funny, rockin' show.Letter grade:  A+
3	The last time I saw the Blue Man Group was many years ago, back when they were at the Luxor.  This was my first Vegas show experience and I was very impressed.  I figured that 8-9 years later the show would change quite a bit, but much of the content was very similar to before.  There were some entertaining and funny parts, but there were also some parts that were pretty boring and I found myself getting sleepy.  The "paper" finale didn't seem to have as much "wow" factor from the first time I saw it...seemed like we had a lower volume of paper this time, or maybe it was because I was seated at the middle of the theatre last time and this time I was on the side.  A few of the lit streamers that dangled from the ceiling malfunctioned too so we didn't get the full effect of that.It was a good thing though that I was with the girls, so at least I had great company.  It was a better thing that we saw 2 shows that night...I've also seen "Phantom" before, but it was much more entertaining than this show.
5	Never would I have thought shows could be exciting.. until I saw the blue man group! I dont think I can go to vegas again without seeing a good show!We drove to Vegas from San Jose and had dinner before going to see the show. I was so tired from all the driving I thought I was going to pass out during the show. Luckily I was wrong!! From beginning til end, it kept me entertained and active! Lots of audience interactions helped keep it fun and alive! I was truly impressed with the entire performance.. esp the upbeat music and humor!
5	Loved the show! Very interactive, funny, entertaining, and good for all ages! Just be careful if you sit in the first couple of rows - they give you ponchos for a reason! =)
3	Very entertaining.  Lots of fun with great sound effects.  This is the second time I have seen it in about 8 years.  Its a little pricey for the tickets.  We had great seats and paid $140 each.  For that price, I think "O" at the Bellagio is a much better value.  If its your first trip to Las Vegas,  I would recommend at least 5 others shows before this one.
4	Very entertaining show. i did not know what to expect because, lets face it, what could the premise of this show possibly be...blue people that make weird faces? mimes with blue faces? Well i was very pleasantly surprised.Tips- They give you ponchos but do not sit in the front section if you do not want to get stuff on you. They tell you its just paint, but that isnt the case as I took a squirt of Banana pudding to the face...eck.You do want to be closer  rather than farther though as a good portion of the show hinges on seeing their facial expressions.If you are sensitive to strobes you just might want to avoid this show. The strobe effects are pretty intense.Overall a great value. Lots of discounts available if you look around as this is one of the longer running shows in Vegas. Oh and its great for the whole family.
2	Very disappointed. I really expected the Blue Man Group to show me a lot more in the area of innovative uses of tubing as percussion instruments. Not. While the show was entertaining to a point, I can not say, "OMG You Gotta See This Show." And, my tickets were comped! There was a group of 4 guys sitting next to us, and they appeared thoroughly bored - kept looking at their watches, didn't laugh at any attempts of humor, etc.After all the years of hype that have enticed me to see BMG, while it wasn't a waste of 90 minutes of my time, it wasn't something I'll go see again. I'll still rave about KA.Oh, yeah, the paper thing at the end. Not quite sure what that was all about, unless they were looking for a way to fill the extra minutes and have some audience participation.
1	i didn't really like this show. it was cool for the first 10 minutes or so and then it got old really fast. try to avoid this show if you can. i only went because the tickets were free, then fell asleep halfway through. ha!
1	I noticed people either love this show or hate it. But I don't understand how people loved this unless I was on some sort of substance. It was half comedy show in which they just ate cereal and stared at each other. The rest was just a light and sound show. I thought it was a waste of an hour and a half.
5	6 stars!!!!!  I LOVED this show and it deserves more than 5 stars!Yes, it is not for everyone.  Yes, you love it or hate it.  I loved it!  I've seen it twice in Las Vegas, once in Boston, and once their touring show.Ok, so the Las Vegas show... If you love drumming and music, this is a GREAT show.  You've got to be ok with LOUD music. You have to be able just let go and enjoy the show.  The show starts with you decorating yourself with paper that is handed out.  Get into it.  Enjoy it. After that, it's completely just goofy performance art.  Paint, twinkies, marshmallows, drums, light shows... what else could you ask for?If you love quirky stuff where you can lose yourself, then head here.  If you are a traditionalist, then you might want to go somewhere else.This show is NOT good for kids.  It's far too loud and they just won't get it.Don't sit too close in any performance show in Las Vegas, otherwise you'll get wet, painted, or strain your neck the whole show.
4	For the people who didn't like the show, I know of a good doctor who can exam you for some kind of trauma in your brain. This show is my second favorite, Lion King being the first. This show is funny and keeps you wondering what they are going to be doing next. The band was really great and the costumes they have on remind me of a wicked Halloween or something from the Nightmare on Christmas. When you see this show, go in with a open mind, you don't have to be on any kind of drug other being yourself.
1	Sucked. What a waste of money. My wife wanted to leave half way through but I convinced her to stay hoping that it would get better. I thought all the stuff in the beginning would lead to some big, fantastic ending. Never happened. The ending was the worst thing about the show. As it was happening all I was thinking was "what a complete waste!" Compared to other shows on the strip this was just horrendous.
5	what an incredible show. I had heard of Blue Man Group and was somewhat familiar with what they do, having seen videos, but there is NOTHING like seeing these guys live.it is a blend of music (rock/industrial is how I can best classify it), magic tricks, comedy show, and "total WTF".it is a great show for all ages - kids laugh at the Blue Men destroying Twinkies with power tools and making art out of marshmallows, and adults will get some of the musical references (the "how to be a rock star" skits are hysterical). there is audience participation as well, and the show is just the right length of time.there are themes of science and technology (optics, information processing, networking) that some people may not pick up on, but as an engineer, I was thrilled to see a show that appealed to me without dumbing it down.I kinda wish I had the Yelp discount code. however, if you go to their site, and give them your cell and what date you get to Vegas, you'll receive a discount code and number to call. we ended up scoring SECOND ROW CENTER seating for $75 a head. that's the splash zone, kids. don't worry, ponchos provided.the theater is awesome. the seats are comfortable and the ushers are very helpful. music is loud but not overbearingly so.side note, don't come late. you'll learn why.
3	Blue Man Group is an interesting show... As my first Vegas show, I still really don't know what to think about it. It features many eclectic stunts and performances that are actually really cool, but the show wierded me out a little bit. I'm sure it's from the blue men or maybe it was because I was sitting in the front row and one of them came up to me and just STARED at me with those unblinking, piercing eyes for a good 20 seconds....Would I recommend Blue Man Group? Yes, I would. Definitely check it out because you might like it a little better than I did. Although I enjoyed most of the show, it was a little too off the beaten road for me.
3	Blue Man Group was a good family friendly show.This was one of the first shows I saw in Vegas some time ago.   I recall really enjoying the opening act and some of the featured stunts using power tools, instruments and musical interpretations.  The performances overall were quite good.   The show can be a bit abstract.  However, I would definitely recommend it as a family friendly show or if you have yet to see a show in Las Vegas and you can snag a really great deal.
4	Love the show! It's hilarious and it has good audience participation. I had great seats that were in the 3rd row. Beware you may get banana puree splattered on you but they give you a nice poncho to wear. There was a coupon in slick deals for 2 students for $85.00. I don't know if that promotion is still going on thou
2	It was our annual girls trip to Vegas. We were hoping to see Wayne Brady but he was on vacation and the sales people at Tix4 Tonight recommended Blue Man Group.  Had I been 30 years younger I may have enjoyed it better.  Even at half price of $60 per ticket I feel we were ripped off.  Music was waaaay to LOUD and skits were ok.  A lot of spewing paint from mouths, drums and what appeared to be the front of their shirts. Nothing spectacular. Like I said, I would have probably liked it if I were in my 20's or if I had only paid $20 or less to see it.I could hear the couple sitting behind us complaining, "What a rip-off. I can't believe we paid $100 to see this CRAP."Unless you get FREE tickets, don't go.
3	Hmm, I'm not sure how to write this review.  I saw the show with my hubby who has always wanted to see Blue Man Group.  This had never been my desire but I wanted to be open-minded.Within the first 10 minutes I knew I was in for a doozy.  While everyone was laughing, I was sitting there bewildered.  Hubby was amused so that was good.Things I did like were the music and the audience participation.  And I'll admit that I fell asleep for 20 or 30 minutes and awoke to a pile of toilet paper being passed over my head.  Hands down the weirdest way I've ever been woken up, so that's memorable.I'm really not knocking the show, I just didn't happen to get it, I guess.
4	I saw Blue Man Group with several friends last Monday. It's difficult to describe the show because it's unique. The show is very funny and they also play some awesome industrial rock.If you order tickets, try doing it online & using the promo code, "smarter40" on its website. It's 40% off. You can't get that discount if you call the box office.
4	This show was a blast! They have stunning visual effects and top it off with a unique experience which involved the entire audience (not sure if this is typical for every show). We didn't sit in the paint zone buy it didn't appear that the front rows received much abuse from the Blue Man Group. We purchased a tix for a good price from 1/2 price tickets the day of the show.
5	Wowzah! If you are the type of person who can get diggity-down to some rockin' percussions this is DEFINITELY the show for you! If you are the type of person who is dazzled by bright colors, dancing lights, UV reactive paint, and all out TRIP-tacular visual effect THIS SHOW IS FOR YOOOOOU! Can I say "Wowzah!" again for emphasis? I was thoroughly entertained by this show and at the price (approx. $100/person) I was damn well expecting to leave entertained! The performers are no less than stunning as they take the stage with quiet comedy. Alien blue men from ... well, some where I'd like to visit, who are extremely curious about human behavior and biology. The show was simply stunning, from start to finish! Harmonic tubular instruments are the blue mens' staple, if you don't know what I'm talking about, imagine around 100 tuned PVC pipes played with paddles! The sight of which is stunning enough, but the sounds accompanied by three other drummers, two guitarists, and a keyboard..err..ist (?) were equally impressive. There was a fair amount of audience participation, I even got to hand a prop to one of the blue men from my seat! Definitely a great time, full of laughs, awe, and head-bobbing! If any of this appeals to you make sure to buy your ticket online! We saved about $40/person!
4	This was awesomely entertaining.  The humor was great and the music was excellent.  Some good stuff with lights and the set design was very well put together.  Drinks were expensive but I guess it's Vegas so, get drunk before you go in for free at the tables.  FOR THE WIN!
4	Extremely funny and worth the cost.  But you don't really need the poncho's.
4	Loved this! Loved that the tickets were a steal at Goldstar the day before the show also! We only paid $75 each for Cat 2 so it was a steal!Highly recommended for one and all.
4	This show was spectacular.  If you dig music and in particular, percussion's, than this show is for you.  These Blue alien creatures know how to rock and make you laugh.  This was a great first Vegas show for.  If you are not a music fan, you may not care for the show.  It is amazing the creativity of this group and how they flow from one theme to another.  I was very captivated.
5	The amazing stuff they can do with toilet paper. That is all I can say. Damn. This show was highly entertaining and you will not be bored. Even though they don't say anything on stage or off, yes they go walk into the audience, and if you are late, they will call you out on it. They will point a camera at you and show everyone that you are late. So get there on time!Totally worth seeing. It was fun, energetic, entertaining, funny and if you're in the splatter section with the poncho, be happy. If you're a constipated old wench sitting there having a horrid time, they will turn the camera on you so everyone can see. So smile or take some more fiber.Pre show they have this screen where the audience reads and laughs at the funny comments. You're allowed to bring their booze into the theatre and drink it. In the bathroom, they play music, but its bathroom music. they chant bathroom over and over again, its kinda funny.After the show you can meet and have your picture taken with the blue man, and the band. cmon now the band works hard playing live, so give them props. Saw them play at the ventian, that place is so over perfumed to death, so there's fair warning!
5	Amazing visual and auditory experience. The use of paint, drum, and pipes is fascinating and highly entertaining. It rocks and gets the imagination pumping which is great for kids and kids at heart. If you never seen anything Blue Man Group has done before, they are a performance art group. They don't speak and are blue (obviously). They have a great sense of humor and it shows throughout. It's massively entertaining and well worth the price of admission.
5	These guys rock!!!! The show was about 2hrs. But it was so intense and intriguing it seemed a lot shorter. Heavy, heavy, heavy percussion & bass. I honestly can't tell you what the shows about, but it's awesome, well choreographed, eye popping and the way they interactive with the audience and include them in the show ans as members of the group is fantastic!!
3	i like them, they're cool, funny in a way, creative, entertaining.but at the same time wasted too much time in looking for people in the audience, and lacked of climax. not forget to mention, pretty pricey ticket as well
2	Being from NYC I enjoy going to a lot of shows. This was something that everyone was talking about and I never got the chance to catch one in the city. I ran across a discount while planning my vacation in Vegas and jumped on it immediately. I then googled and youtube some scenes from it to prepare myself. From what I saw online, I wasn't too impressed but thought it was cute and hoped that it's better live. It's exactly like it is online. The show was cute, I did give in a little chuckle here and there. But honestly if I had to pay full price for this, I would have been quite unhappy. I suggest going only if you get a discount, it's possible that this is only the Vegas show and not an accurate representation of the NYC one.
4	a pleasant surprise. i went in not really knowing what to expect and had a fabulous time. we were in the second row, poncho seats, and though they make you wear ponchos, you don't actually get wet at all. i got discounted tix so that made it all the better. if you can, take advantage of the locals price, student price or goldstar tix =)
3	3.5 starsA few weekends ago, I was in Vegas on the most spontaneous trip I've ever taken! I got a call from a friend.. and 12 hours later after D&B, Loft, and Spice .. we were on the road to Viva Las Vegas!! If only life was always that exciting! =)Anyway, since I wasn't able to see a Cirque show the first or second visit.. I opted for the Blue Man Group since my hubby DID happen to mention it a few times. At first I wasn't open to it because it seemed weird and not that interesting... but I figured I'd be open-minded and try it out since we were getting the tickets for a 50% discount. We watched the Sunday night showing at 10pm.. shoot, it BETTER be discounted! But, all in all, the normal priced tickets are so expensive I would not have paid full price for them.We came in a bit late and thankfully, we weren't any later as they totally put some late comers on blast which was quite hilarious! Haha.. they alerted everyone on the screen that they had late arrivals and then recorded them as they were getting seated. During which, they sang in an opera-like fashion, "You're late, you're laaaaate, you're laAaaAaAate!!!" Haha.The show was very visually mind-blowing... and woke us up with all the bright lights, neon colors, and sounds. Some parts were slow, like the beginning, and some parts dragged on.. like when they would search for people in the audience... and the first scene where they were sitting with the audience member at the table.. that was way too long and not that interesting. But, of course, some parts of the show were very visually appealing like the metal statues on the spinner that would dance when it was turned on..... and the toilet paper part was very entertaining as well.I would think, if you have money to spend and have middle-schoolers or teenage kids in tow, this show would be most ideal for them to watch. As a 25 year old female, I would have enjoyed watching a Cirque show much more than this.. even any other show that involved acrobatics or dancing/singing like the Ultimate Variety show (which our friends loved).As for me, I was INTO the show but I was not IN LOVE with it for the price and for what it included. For $180 regular tickets, I would have to tell you to pass on that unless you're able to get discounted tickets. For someone who has never seen any other shows in Vegas and is thinking about this one as your first, I would also suggest you choose another show. But, for those who have seen many shows, go for it! You will awaken your mind during the 1.5 hours of creative, interactive and visually appealing lights, sounds, and props.
5	I love BMG.  And I've wanted to see them live for the longest time ever.  It could be my inner musician, or maybe a secret fetish for blue men that I don't know about yet, but i seriously sharted in my pant (not REALLY seriously) when they came on stage.  I love the style of their shows, their self-invented instruments, amusing and sometimes hilarious skits, and all the nifty fun facts you pick up from the show.My parents, being the conservative asians that they are, deemed that it wasn't worth paying 80 bucks a head to see a bunch of blue men bang on things(not a whole lot of talent involved).  they were expecting crazy acrobats and cirque de soleil status stunts.But hell, I wasn't paying, and BMG was friggin' awesome, and I loved it.
3	I've seen productions in other cities, but I was roundly mocked when I suggested this one might be similar. And so I caved in, and attended. We had the poncho seats, and I'm disappointed that I came away completely dry.So how do you express the feeling of watching a blue man show? If you've seen one already, it'd be a lie to say the shows are the same. The jokes and gags are different, the music is different, and the theme is different. And yet, somewhere, the undercurrent, the percussion heavy setting, some of the audience interaction, is all the same. Don't get me wrong, if you've never seen one before, you should bump up my rating by 1.5 stars. But if you have, I really don't know that going again will be anything new.It also makes a huge difference how willingly the audience plays along and responds. I feel like in New York and Chicago, for instance, the crowd knows exactly what they're getting into, whereas here, confusion rather than childlike glee seemed to be the prevailing emotion. Not to give anything away, but they have an act that involves passing along reams of TP, and by the time that's done, your hands are tired and you don't want to participate anymore, and you just want that act to end. And some of the jokes took too long to set up, so that when the punch line came, you were like 'eh'.But, but, there's also so much good about the group. These guys are supremely talented, great with their cues, and musically talented as hell. In spite of everything I've just mentioned above, I did have a good time. The drumming is awesome, all the colors in the painting are great, and I'm fairly confident they had no plants in the audience (always a plus in my book). So if you're a blue man virgin, go.
1	Fellow yelpers, I must save you money with this review. But, before you read the full review, please note that I am spoiling a few details by including them in the review. I should preface this by saying we had GREAT seats -- front and center without being in the splash zone.I don't understand this show. Some people equate it to Stomp, which is AMAZING and why we decided to see the show. I sat there for the whole hour and a half or 2 hours wondering what the heck was going on. Some of the jokes are funny, but that's about as far as it goes.They spend a good majority of the show trying to find someone in the audience to bring to the stage -- this takes 7 minutes each time they do it, so for 14 minutes of the show, you're just watching them look at you like some foreign creature as they make their way through the aisles. They bang on paint splattered drums, which is kinda cool. The music is just ok. The worst of it is that at regular intervals, they feel the need to BLIND you with really bright lights that are SO BRIGHT you cant even look at the stage. The strobe lights dont make the show any easier to watch and are kind of nauseating.  They end this waste of time by making you pull toilet paper from the back of the auditorium all the way to the stage. I have no idea what purpose this serves (it wasn't fun or funny), but it was annoying more than anything else.The best part of the show BY FAR is the cowboy bit. Other than that, there's not much to convince me that I need to spend $100 on another ticket to see it again. If you feel that you must see this lackluster performance, google promo codes for Blue Man Group and you can at least find a discount for 30% off. How people managed to pay $50 for their tickets is beyond me and very lucky. Unique, fantastic, hilarious, interesting -- all adjectives that dont belong in this review. SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!! Go see something else.
4	I must preface this review by saying I've seen this show 4 times (once at the Luxor and thrice at the Venetian) and I've never paid. It's not really a show I wanted to see 4 times; I just can't seem to pass up free tickets.Anyway, the show itself is very entertaining. It's a bit geeky and the humor is off-kilter, so it won't appeal to everyone. Overall, I think it's an excellent blend of good music, science, humor, crowd participation, and sheer randomness.I think the key to any show is to leave all hype and preconceived notions at the door. Go in with even-keeled expectations and you should enjoy yourself.
1	If you like toilet paper hitting you in the back of the head, then you will enjoy this show.  If you like big and loud drums, you will enjoy this show.  If you like the smurfs, you MIGHT like this show.  The show is different, as I'll give it that...but there are so many better shows in Vegas, that I wouldn't see this one first.  And for the price...go see Phantom instead.
4	This show doesn't seem to change at all.  I saw it again and it was exactly the same as before.  No difference at all, only the audience members they brought on stage were different.  I saw it again on a Wednesday night and the theater was pretty empty.  The ticket sellers do a good job of squeezing everyone as close as possible, that there weren't any people in the balcony.  This time there were no people getting the crowds exited and handing out tissue paper hats before the show.  Minus one star for not bothering to keep the show fresh.
5	I loved this show!  It kept me on my toes, never knew what was coming next.  A lot have mentioned the audience member picking dragging, and I must admit they spend a bit more time doing this than they should.  The whole point though is they're trying to show that they're studying each person to pick just the right one.This show will not appeal to everyone.  This is not a classic kind of show.  Don't go if you're expecting theatre style or tons of acrobatics.  That's not what this show is about.  Personally it annoys me to see a low rating with a review comparing this show to Cirque or something similar.  That's like comparing apples to guavas.The show has great audience participation, both selected and full audience.  The acts are funny, and it helps to be a little nerdy. If you're not, don't worry, there's only a few parts that you won't fully enjoy.  The musicians are very talented, the visuals are vivid and engaging, and as an added bonus, you actually get to use your hands and be a part of one act.If you're a musician at heart you will enjoy this show.  The simple fact that they use created instruments is impressive, then when you hear what they can do with them, it's incredible.As a side note, they have a small tube xylophone thingy with the foam paddles in the gift shop.  Getting to play with that was the icing on the cake for me.
2	I saw this show over 8 years ago in Chicago and enjoyed it the first time. After watching it in Vegas, it looks like it hasn't evolved one bit. Great music, tricks were old, but didn't meet my expectations when I saw it for the second time. If this is your planning to watch it for the first time you may think differently.
5	I saw Blue Man once in New York, and I have to admit, the show in Vegas triumphs.
5	THIS SHOW IS WORTH EVERY PENNYI was going to end vegas on a bad note with the company I was with but one suggested we shouldn't and we should definitely do something on a good note before departing so why not watch the Blue Man Group. Show Time was 10pm. Doors open at 930.Got the Best Seats in the House, Front Row Section 2. As soon as I walk up to my seat "Oh wow a poncho this is going to be a very interesting destiny"The show starts off all random because what is everyone laughing about "Oh, It's the Marquee on the top" Hilarous greeting for the guests and Happy B-day Shout Outs to funny acronyms. Once you see that as the starting line for this show it will pump you up to see what's next.As soon as the curtains come up to witness 3 Blue Faced Performers putting one hell of a show all you will feel is excitement and adrenaline. They keep you seated and alert never wanting to miss a second. Tip for Thought: DON'T SHOW UP LATE!! If you can't help it and be late make sure you cover your face when you enter the auditorium After that show my mood went from Kill Joy to at Ease with laughter! Make sure after the show get your face painted from the blue man himself and a photograph for good time memories.
4	Very good beat, it can get scary for kids. The drums and lighting and strobes can be scary and I think there is warning that if you are seizure prone be careful. Other than that, I love japanese taeko drums so anything like blue man group is perfect.  You will feel your heart pulse and yourself just wanting more and more out of these 3 men.  The only thing I did not like was the unexpected ending where rolls and rolls of white paper streams down from the back and you just have to help roll them forward. First of all, it was unexpected so I felt like i was drowned in them. I am a bit claustrophobic so i nearly stopped breathing.  Then secondly, when i saw the rolls of white paper on bottom floor, i thought, "hey, better recycle this, we have to go green!" Other than that, great show, just not good for kids....younger than 12 I'd recommend.
4	For Saint Pattys, I skipped the green and went for the BLUE! This was fun and definitely can be for a wide range of people, but not for everyone. One thing that impressed me as a music person was the band was on, specifically the lead drums that is on the right side of the stage was going nuts on his set! His legs were jumping on his base and kickstand- quite a workout. This too, can be a bad thing for some people as there is  4 sets of drummers, synth/keyboard, guitar, bass plus the 3 blue men- its a lot of big sounds. It was good, but sometimes got cheesy with the guitar solos hair band kind of power rifts and motions...I think he was doing that to be funny/corny. They were all in the same style of music- it would've been cool to do a wider music variety so give something for everyone and show different sides than just some intense music. I think this makes this great to bring a musician specially a percussionist. Blue men do a lot of gesture comedy so great for people who like slapstick comedy and old silent type film comedy. They do pull people into the stage, they kinda take long making their choice. Drama effect I suppose to look at us like aliens and run around for minutes browsing us, but not needed. My BF is not someone who wants to be singled out to participate in a show and we talked about this a little before the show and I think we jinxed it. One of the blues grabbed his hand and filled it with toblerone wedges and wanted him to throw them in his mouth. He then he spat them back in my BFs hand (a usher came to take them away and give him a Wet Wipe). It was on the big TV screen on stage too so did not help how my BF did not ever want to be picked for this. Definitely the last person who'd ever say yes to being planted. There's a lot of audience participation where they want everyone to make sounds, cheer, say things out loud and also they have you move raffle paper so not for people who don't like that stuff or get a bit claustrophobic as it's a lot of paper going over your head. Also lots of flashing light so not for people who get sick from that,epileptics...it was a bit much in one section for me to look at it directly. Oddly there were moments for me that I found very cool and almost beautiful like a segment that they do with pipes and attachments  or how they did a cartoon trick to show how our eyes perceive things (I try to explain things in a direct way but not try to spoil anything!)I think this is a good family show- but NOT for the littlest of tykes. I would take some of my nephews and nieces who are like 7 and they love music, flashing lights and silly slapstick humor. Overall, I did enjoy myself and appreciate that they are bringing a different type of  show. I appreciate mixed artistry mediums. I kinda am glad for them that they've been here for a while and it's not because they aren't talented, but I wasn't sure how they would be received as a show. I mean a traveling show is one thing since you are "new" everynight, but to stay fresh in a city is hard. Another free show so I can't complain at all about that. I dont know if I would pay full price for this as our tickets were probably $100 each (near front but not a splash zone middle section aisle seats). Fun but there are other shows in that price range I'm a bigger fan of. If this popped up on a promotion (like how yelp promo is $50 off right now) , I would recommend it if it sounds like something I know that person would be into. Definitely a good part of our anniversary night.
4	Great show at the Venetian. The Yelp/Facebook discount can save you some cash that you could use on some of their expensive drinks! The show lasts about an hour and a half and is non-stop. The accompanying band and variety of skits is awesome. There is a lot of audience participation and getting up close to these guys is kinda creepy.  The Blue Man Group's percussion skills is very admirable. I highly recommend it as a great night out in Vegas - loud music, strobe lights, and great comic routines. The only drawback was that near the end of the show, rolls of paper come down from the balcony to cover the crowd and it starts at the back of the auditorium and you are supposed to push it up towards the stage. The sheer volume of paper that came down caused our expensive drinks to fall out of the cupholders. If you attend and the paper starts falling, hold on to your drink.
5	Awesome awesome AWESOME show. It is fun, witty, and an all around good time. The music was amazing and heart-thumping, the performances were electrifying, and the audience participation was mind-blowing. This is a well thought out show, and I couldn't have been more entertained. The Blue Man Group should be something everyone should experience at some point in their lives. Note: If your kids are the type who can't stfu, can't sit in their seats, and like to ruin audience activities for everyone around them, please leave them at the hotel. Note #2: Before buying tix, search the web for deals. We got a 40% discount on our tickets. :D
5	My first experience with the Blue Man Group was through roommates I had one summer. They had two young kids that were absolutely mesmerized by one of the BMG DVDs and would watch it nonstop. Sometimes I'd watch it with them and I found that I never got sick of it. I decided then that it would be really cool to see them live. I finally got the opportunity during a recent Vegas trip. We got a sweet deal on seats thanks to the ad here on Yelp, so that was helpful. The show was so awesome that at times it was sensory overload. Awesome percussion (I'm a drummer, so I have a soft spot), amazing visuals, occasional comedy, and just an overall great experience. I do have to admit that the strobe lights were kind of making me dizzy during the end sequence, so if you have motion sickness like I do, be aware. Highly recommended.
4	Great show. Very entertaining. The beginning of the show was a little show, but that's probably to get everyone ready for the end parts of the show. It's very audience interactive and it's memorizing. If you have the chance to watch it, I would definitely recommend this show! You can get discounted tickets at any Tix4Tonight location and they give out pretty good seats! Their usually never sold out completely (or at least that's been my experience).
2	While there were some aspects of the show I appreciated this show was just not for me. The visual effects and music are nice, some of the scenes are extremely long, watching them eat cereal and twinkies (boring). I have never seen more toilet paper in my life as it is strewn all over the crowd at the end of the show. I thought I was going to choke on all the toilet paper that at one point actually started to get wrapped around my neck. I definitely preferred The Beatles Cirque De Soleil show and The Lion King.
4	The first time I saw Blue Man group, I have to say that I was pretty impressed with the whole show! Everything from the music, random text on the marquis scrolling throughout the show to the random paper thing that floods the audience, it was a great time. When you go, make sure to bring someone who enjoys a random, animated, and just plain odd show about three guys dressed in black clothes and painted blue. When my parents watched it, they could not stand it. After my friend and I saw it, we thought it was amazing!The only reason for the four and not five star rating was the second time I saw it, it just did not strike me the way the first time did. Granted, that seems true with most things, once you know how the magic trick works, your just not as amused by it. Granted, blue man is still a great show!
3	not bad.. definitely a family show for all agesthe text on the screen telling the audience what to say/do in the beginning before the show was pretty funnysome cool colors and music as wellnothing blew me away though.. i guess i had higher expectations.. i think a Cirque show would definitely top this
1	OK, maybe I'm getting too old (32 this year) for this kind of "new thing", but I just don't get the point of show, or why anyone would want to see it.  There were some moments that almost warranted a good laugh, but those were offset by long periods of boredom and tasteless jokes.  A guy who sat behind me literally fell a sleep during the show.  Any my dad, after seeing the entire show, called it "retarded", which I whole-heartedly agree.If there's one good thing about the show, it's the fact that it really is unique: there's nothing else out there like it.  However, there isn't enough entertainment value from this show to justify its price.  Do yourself a favorite guys, don't buy into the hype and spend your hard earned dollars somewhere else.
5	Great show for everyone!We saw this show last Tuesday, and we paid around $65/each for pretty decent seats. That's pretty much average to low as far as normal ticket prices go, so I thought it was worth it for sure!Blue Man Group put on a great show! It's basically the most advanced "mime" show you'll ever see. You even learn a few things during the show in an interesting way. The bit they do with the Twinkies at the dinner table and the audience volunteer was absolutely my favorite part! I don't want to give away too much about the show - Just that every time I see Jell-O I have the urge to poke it. hahahaIf you can get half price tickets at one of the ticket booths around, you'd probably be pretty happy with this one - Just go with an open mind and sense of humor and you'll enjoy them :)
4	Very much enjoyed this show. My 4 yr old laughed herself silly and my 7 yr old enjoyed it, too. I loved the social commentary and pseudo-social commentary. We enjoy the music but beware-- the cd's are different than what you hear in the live show. Not comparable to Cirque de Soleil-- totally different entertainment. It's very nice that the performers come out for photos and autographs after the show.
3	Maybe I was just super hyper up and expected way too much but the Blue Man Group wasn't all that.  Don't get me wrong, there were some really cool parts but there were also some boring parts.  I wanted to fall asleep a couple of times.  My husband's review would be even more critical.  He thought almost the whole show was boring.  For the price of the tickets, I don't think it's worth it.  Maybe if the tickets were $20-30 cheaper, it would be a better bang for your buck.  Some parts were very funny, some parts were neat, and some parts were just like okay-can-this-be-over-already.  Overall, it just gets three stars from me.
5	Watched it twice and had a great experience both times!  Make sure you visit the bathroom before the show starts for a funny bathroom song playing in tune with the pre-show music.  I couldn't help but crack up while handling my business.This is one of those shows where you have to see it with little or no expectations because it is very unique in that there is very little speech in the show, except for their trademark voice over on the speaker.  The music is great and can stay stuck in your head for a while.  I found myself tapping my fingers on a dinner table to their beats.  And these guys are really funny when they get into the audience participation parts.Here's a tip, without trying to spoil anything, I do advise that you not wear any loose articles of clothing or jewelry.  My mom lost an ear ring and someone behind me lost their sweater.Otherwise, amazing show!
3	I definitely expected way too much - or maybe it was that I didn't know what to expect. Either way I was oddly entertained the whole time and even snoozed on the pipes part...It was a non-talking show... they completely mime the whole thing. Not to take anything away from the funny parts but there were moments when I cracked up! Especially when the vacuumed the naked lady from the painting.. lolI completely recommend this show for the rock fans... They did a good job with the drums and the music. However, if you are looking for a more spectacular show, then this is not the show for you to spend your money on.I spent $80 on tickets and wished I didn't. I was in the first four rows-had to wear a poncho but didn't get wet anyway. To conclude... just know that this show is not that spectacular... it's a comical musical mime. I wouldn't have spent more than $30 for this show to be honest. But I saw that the rock fans loved it...
4	This show was hilarious and not at all what I anticipated. My expectations were that of a drum and music show with lights and other props, but it really was much more of a subtle comedy show with some excellent drumming included.Everything, from the witty banner messages scrolling by before the show starts to the crowd involvement was funny. I don't think I've ever laughed so hard as I did at the razor blade "commercial".All three Blue Men do an stellar job of deadpan humor - relying only on body language and eye movement. I don't think I hardly saw them blink, let alone crack a smile or smirk.Leave your expectations of a high-brow Cirque-type show at the door. This one is loud and wild and a heck of a lot of fun!
5	It is really hard to describe this show... but Wow!  You will find yourself intrigued by this talented group.  I've seen it a few times and loved that it was free.  I would pay for this show though.  Great interaction with the crowd.
3	I'm seriously border line about this one. I see a lot of awesome reviews about this very blue show followed by a good number of "Don't waste your time and spend your money on Thunder from Down Under." For what its worth, I have no regrets. I do not feel like I wasted my money on this show. Heck, it was only about $60. Although I sat in the corner, I was in the front right behind the splash zone.If you're into percussions, then this show is just your alley. Throughout the show, the blue men do engage the audience quite a bit. Whether the people they pick are real audiences or sit in actors, some of it is entertaining. With that being said, I will warn you that there are skits that make no real sense or have a point. At time you might find yourself sitting there asking, what was the point of this? Buy hey, it's Blue Man Group. There's no define lay out. Just random looney acts that gives you the impression that only young kids or crack addicts would be able to comprehend.From what I remember, this show started out at the Luxor hotel then upgraded to the Venetian. It's been running for some time now and they still have a full crowd in attendance. If you're into shows, then watching this one at least one time isn't going to kill you. It has taken me this long to finally witness it and now I can cross it off my list. The show has survived this long for a reason.So like Snoop Dogg says, hang that blue flag (bandana) from the backside, that's the left side, yeah, that's the Crip side & enjoy the show.
5	Hilarious and mind-boggling!This is a different show, different in a great way. I watched this show several times and it has been great every time. Good: Funny with great acts and music.Bad: DO NOT sit in the splash zone!Final: Go watch this great show!
5	AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!! I'd add more stars if I could!First time in Vegas since turning 21+ and this show was definitely the highlight of the whole Memorial weekend! Our hotel was selling half-price tickets for shows so we got some for row 10, lower level for around $60. The seating wasn't bad at all!I always had an idea of the Blue Man Group but their performance BLEW ME AWAY! It was a great combination of skit, humor, musical talent, and AWE. Without giving too much away, they do a lot of interesting things while playing music (involving paint), they use audience volunteers (seems to be pre-selected) and the "Blue Man"s really get involved with the crowd. A few times they'll walk around in the crowd and interact a bit, but toward the end they do this TOTALLY AWESOME audience interaction during one of their last songs. I leave it to you to go watch the show and experience it for yourself ;).After the show, the other musicians and one of the Blue Man's are available in the lobby to take pictures.As soon as I got back from the trip, I looked them up on Wikipedia and listened to more of their music.I laughed so much during their humorous moments and skits, along with good music - what more could I ask for? :DTOTALLY A+. I'd go again for the same show!
4	having seen the original group some (15/20) years ago, I knew this was going to be different, but wow!  They were true to the original intent of the show, which is a lot of why this was good.  But it was Vegas Baby! for sure.  We had great seats (poncho zone means you wear a poncho & may get dirty!) close, but not too  close.  This is a great show if you have a varied group.  Everyone should enjoy some aspect of it.  It is loud.  The band was good, but like I said, LOUD.  There were parts where I wasn't sure they added much, but the parts they were integral in were very good.  It was pricey, but not any more than other Vegas shows.
5	i was laughing so hard...i was almost in tears!  while wifey wanted to see O at the bellagio...i wanted to see the blue man group...BADLY.  we scored some last minute cheap tickets,..2 for $100...and i was super stoked!  we had tickets all the way to the side...but here's a trick...as soon as the lights dim...move your booty to a seat that's empty!  i was a little skeptical doing that...but then i saw a bunch of people jumping over rows to get to a closer seat.  so what the heck...so did we!  we ended up sitting more towards the middle...with a great view of the stage.  i love dry humor...a simple stare, or a simple moment of silence had me jumping out my seat.  no words are spoken at this show...pure music, percussions, and raw behavior.    so here's a warning for you:  if you don't appreciate dry humor...then this isn't the show for you!  these 3 guys were making music from banging on pipes...the cool back up band had some great glow in the dark outfits.  everything just flowed...and i also appreciated the effects...after the show, you have the opportunity to take a picture with the blue man group.  ask for an autograph...he'll give you a blue fingerprint...and then take your fingerprint to the security guy and he'll put some plastic over it.  loved this show so much...i plan on watching it every single time i go back to vegas!  freakin amazing...and well worth it!!!
2	I may be one of the few that didn't like this show. I've seen many shows in Vegas and I think this was the worst one. It's a little entertaining at first- before the performers came out on stage- then the show began. I have heard many good things about this show, so maybe I expected a lot more. The show was 4 blue people doing stuff. They try to be funny, but I think children would have been more amused with their antics. There were a few moments that were entertaining, but not compared to the rest of the time where I kept expecting the show to get better.
4	I felt high watching this show. All the crazy visual effects were tripping me out.Honestly, the first half of the show was slow and boring. I appreciated the effort towards engaging the audience into the show but I thought it was overly done. The second half was amazing.
3	I thought I would have loved this show but I was slightly disappointed. Don't get me wrong, the music and colors were amazing, but I felt like they were trying to hard to be funny. And it felt as if they did their acts longer than it should been. I fell asleep just for a few minutes maybe because I was a little tired. My favorite part of the whole show was the clouds of toilet paper! Such a waste if they use new rolls every show though. On the good side, my bf really loved it.
4	Great show that is difficult to describe.  It combines comedy, music, strong visual effects and strong percussion.  The best part is the unspoken expressions on the Blue Men's faces as they "said" a lot with a look.
5	I have never had such a great time at a show before, this show was awesome! Cant wait to see it again!
5	This is such an intricate show, it just blows my mind away. The BF and I got front row poncho wearing seats and it was totally worth it! We had a chance to interact with some of the blue men and the dancers mid-show. The music and visuals were awesome. You can't help but pay attention the entire time! The dancers were decked out in glow in the dark outfits and their faces were covered with neon colored face paint. The perks of spending the extra money for the VIP front row poncho seats was definitely worth it. We got to interact with the blue men during their performance. Some of their skits/improvs involved audience participation and they do pick the people in the front. I didn't get to go on stage, but I did get crazy knick knacks the blue men used. At the end of the show, we got to take pictures with the crew and the blue men! I had one of them autograph my ticket and he just tapped himself with his thumb on his forehead and "stamped" my ticket.
5	The 'new classic vegas show'.  BMG as I like to call them have a nice little act that makes you laugh, think, cry, engage, escape, and act like a kid.  It defies comparison and is there simply to be enjoyed.  I would have to agree that the first part of the show is a bit slow, but when this daddy picks up it rocks, rolls, and astounds to the point you are sad when the journey is over.  We had some dead center seats just out of the splash zone and felt like part of the show.  i think we paid $102/ticket and got full value for the price of admission.  At 30, i'm a bit over the club scene and this was a great alternative to $40 cover with $15 drinks.
4	Wow! They are a fine act combining fun with wit and a dry humor that is engaging..I love the blend of percussion and the near perfect comic timing :)I love the messages they beam at the beginning of the show, everyone in the audience is already connected even before the show began. We were in the 3rd row, right at the middle and one of the blue men came and stared right into my face and I felt a thrill down my spine :DOnly complaint is that they use a lot of paper in the final act which got me worried about our environment and the excesses we live in - all in the name of entertainment
5	Great show! The show was funny and very entertaining! There is a lot of comedy! Wonderful music! This is a perfect family show as well! :)
5	Went to see Blue Man Group in Las Vegas a few weeks ago. This would be my third time seeing the Blue Man Group show. But first time ever seeing it in Vegas (the other two times were in NYC). Anyway, the show where ever you may see it is a treat.  I will say the show seems a bit cooler in Vegas than in NYC because there is more money used to build the stage. it's bigger, and therefore they can do more with it. Also the gift shop actually has one of their pipe drum things on display, so you can jam out on it, which is pretty cool.I'll say the only thing I didn't enjoy as much about the Las Vegas showing was because the theater was so big. Certain parts of the show that requires crowd participation is harder to do when the crowd is so large. Primarily the end. Anyway I highly recommend buying your tickets online and looking for some coupon codes. Had I paid full price I may have been a little disappointed with the cost value. But my tickets were half off. So they were about the same as the tickets cost in NYC, and also much cheaper than Cirque shows in Vegas.My fiancee loved the show, and I obviously do since I've seen it three times now. The Blue Man Group is a hard show to describe. It's part music, part sci fi, part educational, part humor and off humor.  It's a great show, just go watch it.~G
4	I went and saw this about 3 years ago in Las Vegas. I thought it was highly entertaining and amazing what they could do.  I would definitely recommend it, although hold off on the drinking as the show is long and you won't want to be running back and forth to go to the restroom and miss anything! Overall, I would definitely recommend!
5	I couldn't see how people give it one and two stars. But, 19 people out of over 200  have no humour.  Thats less than 1% say its bad. And most of the time people will try to make a bad review compare to a person that makes a good review. I bet the one and two star people our the ones that has to have violence or vulgar words in it.  Three stars at the lowest. The actors have wit to never speak and show words with their plain blue faces. The show is interactive and fun. I would go to this each time im in Vegas. I give it 5 stars because this show is the thing I enjoy.
4	Decided to see this show vs driving all day to southern Utah.  Passed on Criss Angel due to the reviews here.  The tickets for 2 were 175 dollars.  I've been to alot better concerts for less but not in Vegas (Van Halen).  For what it is, and where you're at, it's probably worth the money.  I have to admit, I was a little disappointed.  My son thought it was AWESOME.  I guess for that much money, I expected a little more special effects and pyro-technics.  It was more of a slow comedy show with a bit of music.  I wouldn't pay to see it again, but if you haven't seen them, it's probably worth it.
4	Short version: The Blue Man show is a funny and entertaining. It's hard not to like.Long version: Three human like creatures explore what it means to be human through everyday items. The creatures explore simple subjects such as color, sound and movement; all while touching on more complex subjects such a learned behavior and the definition of art. The shows flow relies heavily on the rhythm of drums. The drums have a primal effect on the creatures, think Burning-Man, which becomes more and more complicated as they explore each others personality. The three creatures interact with their audience and maintain a casual atmosphere. Seats close to the stage require rain coats (they are provided). Please don't show-up late, you will be identified and tormented... just a little bit. I enjoyed the show very much and recommend it to others. Many on-line offered are available and you shouldn't pay more than $60 for good seats. Enjoy. Based on 7/2010 visit.
5	The show was nothing like I have ever seen or imagined!  So glad we saw it!  Both funny and amazing!  Very trippy!  You gotta see the show if you're in Vegas!  They double seated our reserved seats but made up for it by moving us to an upgraded section!
4	Great show, we enjoyed it so much!  We were "Blue Man Virgins" until this experience and had wanted to see it for some time.  I took our 17 year old son to Vegas with us, and he was not too keen on Cirque du Soleil or some other ideas we had for shows.  Blue Man Group "rang his bell" so we went.The Venetian is a gorgeous hotel, and we had fun shopping there before the show and grabbing a bite at El Canonita-- excellent, fresh Mexican food!   The Blue Man Group was exhilirating, funny, creative, thought-provoking, trippy, and had great percussion music.  I loved the audience participation aspect of it and all the very unique things they do.I have arthritis of the knee and back, and was unhappy with our seats (no leg room).  I asked an usher if there was something he could do, and he immediately whisked me to an aisle seat to be more comfortable.  How great, I was thrilled with that.When we returned home, I spoke with my older son who had seen Blue Man group twice before in Boston and D.C.   From my description, it seems like the show is exactly the same as it was 4 years ago when he last saw it, no changes, nothing new.  That surprises me... You'd think they would want to change/update and freshen the show sometimes to make it more interesting for repeat customers.All in all it was great fun, very creative, funny, entertaining.  I highly recommend it.  My 17 year old loved it.  The other thing:  It was LOUD, but I was prepared.  My son loved the loudness, I put in ear plugs and was happy as heck that I did.
5	I love theater.Blue Man Group takes live theater to a whole new level.This show was evocative.  It was informative.  It was visually appealing.  It was interactive. It was funny.Words can not really explain the variety of tidbits that stimulated your senses through this entire experience.  From black lights, strobe lights, toilet paper, paint, marshmallows, drums, tv's, posters, digital art, and voice overs.  This was so unique it defies explanation.If you have not been to this, you really should before you die.
1	This is the second worst show in Vegas( David Copperfield being the worst) There is about 5 minutes of entertainment in this show and the rest of it being a total gross out. My expectation were these blue people playing music and doing creative stunts instead you got totally gross out acts that I had to close my eyes to keep from throwing up. For example, they would eat cereal then spit the half eaten cereal at each other. Then they would stick a small thin camera in audience member's nose and mouth and display the results on a large screen. This gross out acts like do not appeal to you, then I would avoid this show at all cost. I hope this review will save some people from wasting their money and time on this show.
1	Really, $100 for this cheesy show with mimes and practically nothing but drum music.  A big part of the show was the blue men catching stuff in their mouths.  Some drums had colored water on them and they made interesting effects when struck, and they had some unusual percussion instruments, but for the same money I enjoyed Phantom of the Opera and Jersey Boys much more.  They make some pretentious points about the isolation of man due to technology, but use technology to do it?!?  One act was to get an audience member, put him in overalls, paint him blue and smack him against a canvas, Lettermen did better years ago.  To end the show they T.P.ed the audience, yeah pretty much dumped something like toliet paper on all of use and we were supposed to pass it forward, Vegas can do much better.
5	i just loved this show and wanted to point out a few things:1.  you must love/enjoy/like percussion and drums2.  mime is a huge part of the show3.  it is PG rated... other words, it is geared towards the familyi enjoyed the show tremendously.  although this was my 1st ever show at vegas, it was very funny, exciting, and just a great time from minute 1 to the last.  as long as you are there to enjoy the show for what it is, this will be a blast.  highly recommended, especially if you are a drummer!
1	Major disappointment.After seeing so much advertisement over the years about this show, my wife and I decided to see it.Yes, it had a great theatre, yes, great techno-color music; however, once the show ended, it was kinda incomplete.  You find yourself thinking ... is this it?  Is this all that they had to offer?  A talent show would have been better... It took no talent for these guys to SAY nothing... and paint themselves blue...I still don't understand.  There are so many better shows than this Vegas "disappointment"...
2	If you like drumming on PVC pipes, some mildly amusing mime acts and 3 blue masked men making a mess on stage, this show is for you. I myself can do without comedy acts such as eating a Twinkie (and as if that wasn't disgusting enough), spitting the slimy mess back out through a "third nipple" only to gobble it all back up. Why this is supposed to be funny, I don't know. Some percussion and mime numbers do have some original details and ideas, but the whole thing's never enough to really fill 90 minutes. It's basically just a two-trick-pony show, nothing more. Even my 11-year old daughter said after 45 minutes - "it's getting a bit boring now..." - and we had an outstanding time the night before seeing Terry Fator's incredible (and incredibly funny) ventriloquism act.
2	I don't know what all the hype is about this show.   After hearing from people for many years you have to see the Blue Man Group I was so looking forward to it.   We went last week on a trip to Vegas.   To sum it up in a nutshell I thought the show was "BORING."      Most shows in Vegas hold my attention from beginning to end.   With this show I kept asking my husband "is it almost over?"   There were a couple of funny moments such as when some people arrived late to the show.   The Blue Men stopped their skit and the screen flashed "LATE ARRIVALS."    The Blue Men put a spotlight on the people who were late embarrasing them.  The whole audience laughed. Some of the skits the Blue Men did included catching Captain Crunch and paintballs in their mouth and bringing a person up on stage to participate in eating a meal with the Blue Men.  In the video part of the show they included a picture of a colonoscopy.   Yes, a colonoscopy.   They believe people are connected by pipes whatever that means.  Some positive parts of the show were the music and drum skits.   I think this show is good for people in their 20's and early 30's.    It's geared for a younger crowd.
4	I was surprised how funny this show was and how much I laughed! I was just expecting a lot of different music and lights but it was definitely morethan that. The show is about an hour and 45 minutes and I was entertained the entire time. Keep in mind there is no intermission and it would be difficult to leave during the show; they don't recommend it.
5	I didn't know what to expect when I sat down to watch Blue Man Group.  I didn't anticipate the comedy, and I certainly didn't expect to take in the most entertaining show that I've ever seen.Without giving away too much, I'll mention that my mother got a shout-out from the scrolling marquis before the show - she is apparently an Olympic gold medalist in curling.  The laughter started early on and didn't let up when the Blue Men came on with their epic deadpans and expressive little gestures.The Blue Men were spectacular percussionists and as a musical show, Blue Man Group offered a ton of novelty, finesse, and impact.  I loved the PVC pipes and the neon skeleton band.The show is family-friendly, which is not true of everything in Vegas.  My twelve-year-old brother laughed his head off, as did our two tiny family friends.  After the show was over, we waited in line and got souvenir pictures with one of the wide-eyed silent Blue Men.I enjoyed some of the fun social commentary embedded in the show, but it was definitely secondary to its entertainment value.  I would recommend Blue Man Group to anyone coming through Vegas, and I'd be tempted to pay money to see them again on a return visit.
5	This show is weird, but I really enjoyed it.I had no desire to see the show, my friends talked me into it.  But I REALLY enjoyed it!  What a great night!
5	As a lot of other reviewers have said...I didn't know what to expect when I entered the Blue Man theater. I knew a little bit about them, with their PVC pipes and drums but that's about it. I had no idea I'd be so entertained in so many ways. I definitely didn't expect the comedy.I walked out of the show extremely excited about what I had just seen. I think I'd go back and see it again!
5	I have seen Blue Man Group 5 times (once in the poncho section)--the same number of times I've seen Carrot Top.  I say this so you have an idea that I'm an aficionado of good humor or you may think I'm completely nuts.  Who cares?The Blue Men make me laugh.  I don't think the show has changed very much from when I first saw it at the Luxor to its long stay at the Venetian.  They touch some basic in me from the moment I enter the theatre and watch the moving messages.  There are some parts of the show when I laugh harder than others - I'm glad for the breather - but then it's back to complete insanity.  I imagine that if the Three Stooges did a silent routine wearing blue paint, some of it would be just like what you see during a Blue Man Group show.The live band is superb!  They are loud, so be prepared.  But, you came to enjoy yourself, didn't you?  So pull your poncho a little closer to you and prepare to have a blast.  This show is great!
1	NOT hilarious! what a waste of $$$ and time!
3	Some funny moments. I fell asleep for a couple of minutes.  A lot of random acts. And the paper towel or toilet paper, what was that all about. It did woke me up though, maybe that was the intent :).  I was hyped up to see this show. Maybe I shouldn't have. It was ok but I was a bit disappointed.  Good thing we had free tickets if not I think I would be a bit upset paying that much money for that show.  Good for kids, adult.. Not so much. Come back?  Maybe... If free
5	Good clean fun. Can't really say much without giving parts of it away, but it is cute and entertaining, some people brought their kiddies along and they enjoyed it a lot!! Great family entertainment in Vegas.
4	Got tickets for this from Goldstar.  It was funny and kinda cool.  Glad I got discount tickets or maybe I might have been disappointed.  All in all it was a good experience.  They are talented and the show is entertaining.  Its not at all like a Cirque du Soleil show or anything.  Its just ok.  Make sure you get your discounted tickets for this event or its not worth it...
1	My boyfriend and I, as well as the people sitting next to us didn't get the show. We left thinking wtf was that! I was bored about half way through the show. I really could have walked out and not really missed much.They took too long to get into their music acts and their skits were random.Didn't like it. This one is a negative!
5	Saw a few months ago and before that a few years ago, AND I'D GO AGAIN! Lot's of fun. Fun Music. Funny. Fun for everyone. Good for kids too.And who doesn't like audience participation? =)
4	I thought this show was kind of like STOMP, so I was really relieved that it wasn't (lol). It was a fun show. I did not expect the things to happen that did and although 3/4ths of the way through I was crazy tired,  it got a few laughs outta me- although some people in the audience were dying laughing (can't understand why). I wouldn't see it twice, but it's a show that you want to see at least once.
4	Bizarre, fascinating, impressive. Some parts maybe 5% were a little draggy, but overall pretty original and funny.
4	i had a good time at this show, though i didnt want to go originally. its an experience, you know? you dont know what to expect and its pretty random at times but i had fun.
3	I saw blue man in Boston about 4 years ago and the shows are very similar!   I got great seats right up front and middle on a discount website. Its basically a music show with lots of drumming and some audience participation. If you are in Vegas you have to see Cirque!
5	What can I say about the BMG? WOW!! So amazing, it started out slow but definitely picked up the pace. My husband and I loved it!! They were hysterical! The banter at the beginning on the digital display got the crowd going. It was super interactive and they pulled people from the crowd to help them out. There was a point I was laughing so hard I was crying. It's just funny, slapstick at times and amazing at other times. Lots of surprises and worth the money. I would love to see them again!
5	Totally worth the price! It was witty, energetic, fun, and interactive. My favorite part was when they pulled the lady out of the crowd and ate light Twinkies. I got nearly half off tickets at smartervegas.com! I'm so glad I didn't sit in the poncho section otherwise I would have gotten my clubbing outfit covered in Captain Crunch and Twinkies!
4	Part show/part social experiment, the blue man group definitely delivered tons of excitement and fun for the night. Having been a big fan of the defunct tv series, Arrested Development, i've always been intrigued by the BMG and their antics, but what i didn't expect was how interesting the show could be with seemingly basic props. Having only seen Cirque de Soleil shows when in Vegas, I found this to be a good change. Also cool was getting to meet the guys after the show and pose for pictures with them. All in all, this was a funny, interactive, and energetic show. Probably not something I'd go out of my way to see, but my friends and I were definitely entertained by the performance.
4	I used to live across the street from BMG in the East Village but never saw them there, so it was fun to catch their writ-large Vegas version. Audience participation makes it fun and unnerving for some. Would be fun for kids--bring earplugs for them (and for yourself the entire time you're in this city).Highlights include the body-sized flashcards (I've seen this joke in other places now but can't remember which), animation with physiological explanation, drumming paint, and Ho Ho eating with high stakes audience participation--though that last bit could have been 5 minutes shorter.Don't sit in the front if you don't like having paint and food spat at you!
5	I'd tried to go see Blue Man Group in Boston, where I live, for almost six years now and never found anyone to go with. Then I came to Vegas and while Blue Man Group wasn't on my priority list of shows to see, when I found out that Cirque du Soleil's KA show wasn't playing on Mondays, I got tickets to Blue Man Group.This turned out to be my lucky day. I got the tickets via a ticketing booth at the Circus Circus Hotel and the tickets were half-priced. We then made our way to the Venetian Hotel and picked our tickets up and then went to dinner.An hour later, we waited in line at the Blue Man Group theater and proceeded to walk in and settle into our seats. While I had heard many great things about Blue Man Group, I had not read much about the shows, mostly in fear of seeing spoilers or anything else. I had heard some bits from one of their CDS and seen their TV ads for intel a few years back. I was somewhat familiar in regards to their instrumental concepts and the fact that they explore particular themes during their shows. But honestly, nothing had prepared me for the kind of experience that my grandfather and I had while there.The show, from beginning to end was absolutely phenomenal. I don't want to reveal much but let's just say that it's brilliant, witty, funny and well paced. It's also very interactive and you'll have to wear ponchos if you're sitting in the first few rows. They are provided by the theater. The music, the instruments, the themes, the decor, the theater and the overall experience you'll have is just fantastic. It was money well spent, on a very entertaining and clever show. I highly recommend it to anyone and look forward to checking out their other shows in other cities in the future.
2	Over-hyped. Did they hand out some pills that I missed? I feel like I watched a different show than the other reviewers. Not worth enduring the time share presentation we attended to get free tickets. The two illusions were interesting, a very short reprieve from the rest of the cutesy antics.
5	I never understood peoples excitement for Blue Man Group. I now have that same excitement. I was riveted the entire 2.45 hours, it was absolutely amazing. I laughed so hard, even before the men came out and the curtain was still closed, the digital sign thingy was hilarious. It was incredibly witty and I appreciated that. I loved that they interacted with the audience so much, they literally climbed over people. I didn't know what to expect  but I loved the show and when I got back home I recommended their show to EVERYONE. I mean where else do the performers tp(toilet paper) the entire audience. I felt like the focus was on the audience and it worked.
3	You either walk away from this show entertained or asking yourself what the... was that... I found it right in between, something was missing... That one last boost of enthusiasm that would take the show way over the top into a five star position.  In between the Captain Crunch munching and amazing drum beats, I was waiting for that one thing that would give it that musical astonishment I once saw in one of their video, with a girl singing to lyrics some where along the lines of "I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive!!!" Best seats not required to enjoy this show, I highly recommend watching it from a distance to enjoy the full visual effects.If you love beats, then you will enjoy their music, that was truly the best part of this act..it comes alive with the help of colorful visual effects and amazing drum beats coming from plumbing pipes! When ordering on-line pick up your tickets at the will call box office which is located just outside the theater.  You can get to the show by going through the Palazzo Casino as well.  Drinks are allowed! Take your time since seats are reserve seating, just get there before the show starts otherwise you will become part of their show, a couple who came in late had some major paparazzi attention on them.  Otherwise, if you want to make a grand entrance to let everyone know your in the house, this is the way to do it! Overall the show was ok,  they take you for a ride.
4	I probably say, that I may not be the #1 Fan, but sure enough I am a fan of the Blue Man Group. In between 1999 - 2010, I probably seen them 5 times. The last two times was about 2 years apart, in which, the last visit, wasn't as exciting as the previous. Since majority of it was the same thing. But, got to give credit where credit is due. It is an amazing show, and I probably would see it again, after they make a new album. I do have majority of their albums as well as a DVD of one of their shows. Now, I'm not sure why I come back, or why I find them interesting. It may be the unique sound they have, or the way they can make music out of pipes or other things that you may not expect. But over all, I say that their uniqueness of the show and style of music is what attracts me to come back to watch this show. The kind of music they play can be adapted to any genre or music. But most likely, its a diverse sound with drumming and alternative/rock sound. It also has some comedy mixed into it, but sure enough, seeing people in blue is funny as is, or at least just looking at them will make you think...WTF. Mainly that's how their show is, it will make you think....WTF, in a fun way. Of course, I love their music, I love their show, and sure enough I will see them again. Now, if you guys are looking for something different and unique, other then that usual Magic shows, or acrobatic shows out their. This is something I would recommend to go see.
5	Awesome show - we really enjoyed it.  Lots of great audience participation, very inventive, great music, funny and creative stuff.
3	I'll tell you why this was NOT on my top list and why I wont go back to see it ever again...Blueman group is SO advertised as the coolest show ever, but I didn't think so at all.  The show was slow, nothing spectacular going on, it just seemed reallllllllllllllllllllly slow and boring.  They dont talk so you ave to pay attention---there is a lot of techy stuff going on like neon stuff in the dark and there's some audeience participation but to be honest I didnt like it because there was no real fun stuff going on--except towards the end when they literally toilet paper the audience that's about as exciting as it got for me!I mean I can't completely knock it--there was some cool stuff here and there but if your like me and aren't into computer techy stuff so much, then dont waste your buck.  I mean honestly I thought the Bellagio would have something better than this, sorry people.
4	I've seen this show too many times to count (Once when it was at the Luxor and every time after that I saw it at the Venetian). Every time free tickets are offered some place it seems one of my friends are family want to go and I always oblige. It's a fun little show. Off kilter, just like myself...so it's a good match. The Blue Men are zany and humorous, emoting with subtle head nods and a roll of the eyes. The show hasn't changed much in the years since it's been in Vegas, but even having gone on so many different occasions, I still find different parts of the act to focus on and I'm always entertained. I'm never disappointed by the Blue Men and I don't think you will be either, as long as you have an irreverent and wacky side, you will be pleased.
4	Good seats but pricey.  The show was great but did not have some slow spots in it.  Would recommend to anyone.
4	Definitely fun! I had no idea what to expect, and it definitely is not your typical Vegas show.  The blue men don't speak at all, just use facial expressions to convey their message.  Definitely an intellectual show; challenges the concept of isolation created by the media and the internet.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.  The line to pick up the will-call tickets was a pain in the butt though.  Too long and snarky check in clerks. Get your tickets as early as you can.  Funny and irreverant and witty.  Enjoyed it thoroughly.
5	I expected the show to be feature vibrant drumming and wild performance art. It did. It was also incredibly funny!  It's as much a comedy show as a music or art piece.Wonderful show, highly recommended!
5	My wife and I really enjoyed this show. The crowd interaction, dazzling stage effects, goofy humor, and percussive goodness will have us going back in the future. Great experience top to bottom. There are some good 30-40% off codes out there, so be sure to grab one!
4	Well, first of all, let me say that I have lived in Vegas for years and never really felt an urge to see Blue Man Group. But then, I got free tix (courtesy of house seats), and figured I'd check out the show. The show seems a little slow at first, but by the end, I was really enjoying their antics. The music/band is good, it's for all ages, and leaves you feeling kinda smart. However, like most Vegas shows (in my opinion), it's just a little too long. I could have done with some shorter "drum" sets and still got the main idea. (Better yet, they could have just cut almost the entire "Wild West Coffee House" set, seeing as how there were no people even in that one).As a free show, I'm definitely happy I went. For a paid show, I would have been pissed if I'd paid $80 each, but I think it would be worth going (or taking out of town guests) for $40 each.
2	After several trips to Vegas and numerous failed attempts to see the Blue Man Group due to always being sold out, we were able to watch the show this past week and damnit, I'm glad I did, so I could finally put my curiosity to rest.  This however isn't a good thing. : /Without spoiling the show and to avoid hurting the feelings of the s/o, the BMG didn't amuse me.  Okay, well it was entertaining for a little bit but after awhile, their acts started to get repetitive.  You can only bang on a drum or some pipes so many times before it gets boring.  I'll give them this though, the show truly awakens your visual awareness!  But, I think a kid would get a kick out of this show more than an adult, just because there's so many colors and unique noises happening.Also, we sat in the "Poncho" section, which is the first 5-6 rows.  You definitely have a great view but the ponchos were useless.  If you happen to get seats in this section, be the rebel and not wear your poncho.  We were wet...only because those ponchos made us sweat.  The ponchos were a freakin prop to get everyone hyped up, I'm sure.Overall, I'm happy I got to watch it, but am really happy we didn't pay full price like the rest of the suckers in that audience.
5	I don't want to say too much, because I personally believe it's better to see this show not knowing what to expect (I saw it with absolutely no explanation from anybody or anything). All my dad said was "it's hard to explain, they do music and stuff". But it was much more than that, it was FANTASTIC! The music was great, the sketches were great. It was overall a REALLY fun time. I would recommend sitting closer up (I was in the third row), but at the same time, I've never seen it from farther away so maybe that's good too. I loved this show! Go see it!
2	I have to say im quite surprised at the high ratings this show got. I heard about BMG for years and always wanted to go after seeing commercials of them drumming up a storm with glow in the dark looking paint and a crowd cheering to the beat of the drum. Honestly it was nothing like that, for 70 bucks per person (and we were sitting in the "crappy" section) they drummed for about 2 minuted total, the rest we watched them do random things to force a laugh out of the audience like eating cereal loudly out of a box or using the audiences participation (whick frankly i think was fake audience members they pulled up to the stage cuz they were a little to confident of what to do where as any of us would have been completely confused). Most of the time i was just force laughing and hopin the show was going to start soon, turns out that was the show. Oh and as a previous reviewer mentioned, although we didn't sit in the expensive poncho section, it was truly such a way to hype up ticket buyers and get them to buy more expensive seat because these poor people really didn't have an ounce of paint come their way (not at all) contrary to what they make people believe. Instead they just looked like a bunch of poor pathetic people sitting in plastic hoodies/ponchos. Each time they would bang their drum the whole poncho section would put on their hoodies and anxiously await the be rained upon with paint. When it ended, the trio dissappeared leaving us feeling like 1. thats it, is it finished? 2. what a waste of money...i just felt jipped, like when you buy a nice shiny car only to have it breakdown on the way home.
3	I'd give it a 2.5 but can't.  It was really interesting but had major slow parts throughout the entire show.
4	I like this show, but I was somewhat disappointed at how slow and dry the pace of the performance went. There was hardly anybody in the theater when we saw this show, but it was August and most sane people don't come to Las Vegas when it is 115 degrees. That is unfortunate too, because a few of the "bits" would have been better with a big, fun-lovin' crowd. I liked the music and I thought it was really great when the band started to really rock. How did he get all those marshmallows in his mouth? Still can't figure that out, but hey it's Vegas-anything can happen, right?I am glad i have seen it to say that I have done it. I would recommend it to friends, but as for myself, I wouldn't go back. It borders on (I hate to say this) boring. Only do this one if it's free or really discounted. If you pay anywhere near full price, you may be really let down.
4	I have been to Blue Man Group a few times over the years. I have always enjoyed it. It's very unique and funny. Most recently we got tickets through House Seats and were offered seats in the poncho section. The poncho section is the first several rows where you run the risk of getting hit with flying paint and Twinkies. You're given a poncho to keep you dry. We were in the second row a little left of center. Fortunately we weren't hit with any spraying liquids. In the past, I've had seats in the back. No matter where I've sat, I've had a great view and a great time. If you're looking for an out of the ordinary but very enjoyable show, Blue Man Group's what you're looking for!
5	I've seen the show a few times and have loved it every single time.Now, the show is not for everyone.  I feel as though you'll either love the show or hate it.  I've taken a big group before for a bachelor/ette party and about half the group thought it was amazing, and the other half thought it was stupid.It has music, rock music, with some innovative use of PVC piping as marimba type instruments.  The other half involves a slew of skits involving humor, enticing the senses, and thought provoking situations.  Some of the sequences I thought were downright genius, and others downright belly laughing hilarious.I will say that if you can enjoy music intertwined with what some may consider to be 'childish' yet simple humor, go for it!Oh, also, for my friend who is actually allergic to them- If you are allergic to bananas, do not sit in the poncho area.
3	watched it more than half a year ago. there was NOTHING surprising. the most memorable moment was the start of the show where they put on rolling LED letters to bring up the expectation of the audience and said there was an Olympic Champion at the show that night. The girl who was chosen on stage totally sucked - she never made any move funny and Blue men were trying hard to get her coopered (or say directed in their way) and the guy sitting next to me was like dead, never laughed, yelled or did anything. the spinning body illusion thing was pretty cool though.
5	This review is for the Blue Man Group's group services coordinator. We had a group of 50 people wanting to attend the show at the Venetian and Kathleen was amazing! She made the process hassle free from ordering the tickets, quickly responding to questions and emails to picking them up at the office. It was great customer service and our group enjoyed the show!
5	Wonderful Music........funny, witty and above all HUGELY Entertaining!
5	If you are choosing between Las Vegas shows to see and are short on money then this is the show to see. You will have a guaranteed blast. I did not stop laughing throughout the entire show. My eyes hurt afterwards because I had them open so wide. Tip: I sat in the front row. While you have to lean back a bit to see up, it is well worth it as you feel much more involved in the show. Plus, you can see the facial expressions of the actors.
4	I saw this show a few years ago and really enjoyed it. It's a very interactive show, with multiple members of the audience being brought up on stage to become involved in various stunts. One of the "Blue Men" actually came right into our row and picked the person two seats away from where my dad was sitting and walked him up to the stage, even though we were sitting in the second deck of the theater.Of the three shows i've seen in Vegas (Phantom, "O", and BMG), this is certainly the most kid-friendly and family-friendly show i've seen. However, as an adult i'm not sure i'd pay to go see it again unless I got some really deeply discounted tickets. This is mostly because I feel like there's an element or surprise with this show as to what will happen next, and once you've seen it already then it's easier to anticipate what's going to happen next. I'm sure they probably change the show over time though, so maybe i'll come back at some point down the road.
4	I was hoping to spot Tobias Funke, but he wasn't around. That cost them a star. Aside from that crippling disappointment the show was awesome. Whenever I grab pipes and start banging on them a plumber gets pissed off, but these guys pop some paint in there and everyone loses their mind.I liked that they were bold enough to basically kidnap an audience member, stick him in an execution style hood and ransack him backstage. They're all painted up, what are the cops going to do? They probably have thousands of blue faced body doubles ready to take the blame for them.
5	WOW!  GREAT show!  Lots of humor, ZERO talking by the blue men.  Tickets aren't cheap, but if you get the dinner package, they are less expensive than regular price (for the middle section).  I've been wanting to go to this show for years and finally got the chance over my birthday weekend.  It was a lot of fun.  I would go again!
4	FAVORITE: uhm the BLUE MEN!!! DUH!! so i would give this show 3.5 stars but i had a GREAT TIME!!! its definitely a great show and very entertaining!!! when we got to the counter to purchase some last minute tickets the guy at the counter knocked off almost thirty percent for the seats in the upper middle!!! aside from the fact that it was great a few things disappointed me...the show went by relatively smoothly... however there were parts in the show that were kind of slow and that was weird for me. the blue men was looking for audience members, but it took them a good 10 mins or so to do so another thing that was a disappointment was the pain colors they choose to use in their finale...they were pretty dull colors for a show like that i would have hoped that they would use really bright colors like their promo ad shows.
4	Very cool show.  I have the How to be a Megastar Blu-ray, so some of the stuff of the Vegas show was on there.  But it was definitely very cool to see live.  Great music, some comedy and lots of fun.  If you go defintiely don't bother buying tickets ahead of time.  You can get cheap seats the day of the show at those ticket places on the strip.  We were in the second row!!
2	I have no idea why everyone loves this stupid show so much.I was in Vegas for a friend's birthday and her dad was kind enough to pay for everything we did (there were three of us). He bought us tickets to this show. Fifth row center. Great seats. We'd all heard such great things and were really excited to see what all the hype was about. I'm still waiting to figure it out. So there are three guys dressed in black and their heads are blue. Ok. And then they do stuff. Like throw marshmallows in one of their mouths. And then spit out the marshmallows. Ok. Then they hit things and the things make sounds. And if there is paint on those things they are hitting then the paint jumps up. Ok. Then they attach pipes together and hit those too. And they make sounds too. And then when they add more pipes the sounds change. Ok. And I am not 100% sure but when I was watching them hit these pipes sometimes the sound seemed to happen right before or after the actual visible strike. So it looked to me like there was just some audio playing and they were doing the equivalent of lip syncing. Even if not the music wasn't anything great.Then there's the big finale. Everyone loved it. I don't get it. The two girls I was there with hated it more than me because their hair got messed up. (That might have been the funniest part of the whole show).  None of us liked it and honestly thought it was a waste of our lives. But then again everyone else around us was raving about how awesome and hilarious it was. So maybe we all just missed the point. You might want to check it and see if you have a better time than we did. And if you happened to love the show please let me know what about it was awesome. I'm still open minded and curious to find out what people saw in it.
1	The dumbest thing I have ever seen in my life.  Am I missing something here?  I was bored to tears and hated it.  What a waste of time and money...especially in Vegas.Stupid is an understatement!
2	The best way I can think of to describe this show is:  Mildly intriguing.  Some interesting things happen, some less than interesting.  Overall it felt like a disjointed set of loosely related activities.  This is the fifth Vegas show I've been to, and it's the first one I wondered multiple times how much longer until this specific scene is finally done, and how much longer until the show is over so we can do something more entertaining.
2	-_-   was my facial expression after the show.... I did not think it was worth my $$ at all... you know there are shows you wouldn't be tired to watch again and again...to me this was a one time thing, just an experience... I was too sober to watch that show... especially near the end w/all the moving lights hanging down from the ceiling I wish I was on something i bet I would enjoy it more. But overall, I would not recommend to anyone, and I wouldn't watch it ever again.
5	I laughed so hard I cried.We got 40% off almost front and very center tickets.It was the absolute best silent, but with music, show I've ever seen!I would gladly go again. And winning a couple hundred off a slot machine right outside after the show only made the night that much better.
4	3.5 StarsThis show is hilarious!  I was staying at the Palazzo and my group of friends and I decided to go watch this show last minute. I guess they were trying to fill up the seats last minute and I ended up paying $45 for seats in the 6th row on the left side. For a $45 show it was definitely worth it. I wouldn't pay more than  $60 for the show.- There's a lot of visual effects from the paint they use. - Lot of audience interaction. They'll find people to bring up on stage to be humiliated. Some of the best parts of the show included audience members.- Be prepared to get dirty if you're in the front. - There were slow parts when I thought, "just move on!"Overall: Good, entertaining show. If you have to pay a lot, you're better off watching another show.
2	What a waste of time.  We saw the show for $240 and we were up in the high balcony off to the side (for $80 a PIECE-OMG).  It was repetitive, boring, and in the end just a trip for folks who are either very young or high.    It was maybe a $40 show for the one hour and 45 minutes but in all honesty I wanted to get up and leave after 35 minutes.  Save your money and see something better.
1	My dad asked me what this show is about when we bought the tickets. After an hour and a half watching the performance, I still can't answer that question.Is it supposed to be funny? Because I didn't laugh once during the entire show. Is it some kind of 1984-style brainwash? A musical? Performance art? I was annoyed pretty much the entire time, anxious for it to be over so I could do something- ANYTHING else. I would watch an infomercial marathon before watching this show again. It was just a random string of weird acts - like they tried to force the wrong pieces of a puzzle to fit together. Then they throw in bright lights and colors and bad graphics to distract you from how senseless it all is. Maybe I would have enjoyed it if I was five. Or high. Definitely paid too much for the tickets, even with a AAA discount. Your money is better spent at Cirque du Soleil!
1	WTF x+&..)!  I graduated college, went to law school and passed the Bar the first time, and have done nearly 90 criminal jury trials.  I thought I was smart enough to do my homework before plunking down $210 for BMG.  What a dummy!  Wish I had read the reviews before falling for the "myth and mystic" of this show!  First hint it was a dud was the half empty audience.  Then, the VOICE kept making those dumb jokes as the words passed on the screen -- bit o advice: move on after three times.  The show started out good enough, with a great percussion piece -- and I thought, great, everything I'd heard about the BMG experience.  But then the guys started with the throwing-catching marshmellows (or whatever) -- and this went on for, like, 10 minutes.....!  2nd bit of advice:  move on!  Then, they grab some lady from the audience for a skit.  Fine.  But, for TWENTY minutes.  My God, I've seen grass grow faster in that time span.  And then they have this 1999-dated sequence about the Internet -- oooh, ahhh, ummmmm......DATED!  Then the Western Neon show thing -- fine, but no Blue Men.  What are they doing?  Taking a pee?  Then they grab another dude, paint him, press him against a canvas, and send him back....?  Wow, yeah, that was really.....dull.  Finally, they managed to spray some people in the first few rows with some kind of liquid -- guess it made their day, although it looked like they just sweated in their tarps the entire show.      I knew the show was going to be underwhelming within the first 10 minutes, and I just had to hope it would get better for the next 80 minutes, which it didn't.  It's a good show for a 5-year-old, maybe 10 at the most.  Frankly, I didn't mind that they didn't talk; that's the novelty.  But there's just very little that's entertaining about this show.  I guess I'm one of the people that just didn't get it.  Sorry, I don't like being so negative. But I am being honest.  Go see any of Cirque shows, or Phantom -- money well spent.
4	This show was pretty entertaining to me. Before we sat down, we noticed plastic ponchos on our seats, which made me kind of wonder, but hey I'm open for anything. Turned out they kept us warm as the theater is way air conditioned.  I guess if I was wearing a blue plastic latex thing over my head, I'd want the area cold too.  The show starts off with some music which is cool. The music and visuals go well together and the show contains a lot of both.  It's like a performance art type of thing, so it may not be for everyone.  As they move through different songs, there are some different skits and people are brought up on stage for a few things. Pretty cool overall.The blue men never speak, but only use expressions and music to convey what they're thinking. Also pretty cool.This show is definitely family friendly, so I recommend it for kids and adults alike.  The group will take pictures with you after the show, so that's kind of nice for kids too. If you're expecting the same stuff on the strip, it's not that. If you're expecting to dress up for a night of theater, it's not that either. If you just like to experience shows for the sake of experiencing new things, I recommend this show for you.
4	There is basically three cool blue people, with little emotions.  Basically a night with hard percussion and flashy light show.  Mixed with slapstick skits that makes it fun.  You enjoy it if the interaction of your emotions to connect with the fun of the night, percussion, and soft humor.   Good show at the Venetian.  The theater is huge and top rate.   For the blue man group, is best at a smaller venue and off broadway.  Good vibe and One nice performance.  Its loses some of its tightness both in space and show with the larger venue.   But still keeping to its core and very entertaining.  Not a musical, not a broadway show, not a play, but best described as an off broadway performance art with a vegas size theater.
2	It's Easter Sunday and I have some slot winnings burning a hole in my pocket waiting to be spent from the night before. So what the heck, let me check my handy Yelp and use this promo code to purchase some Blue Man Group tickets. You say the first dozen rows of seats are still available here at the box office four hours before the show? Hmmm, okay I'll take four. Wow, everything else seems to be sold out for tonight. *Clue* After sitting down I do vaguely remember going to this show back in the day... I think the Luxor. Once the music started... Oh yes I remember this this show... Let me go get a drink. If you have not been to too many shows in Vegas save this one on your list for a discounted or free ticket. After a few drinks kicked in I have to admit I was LMAO. I don't really know if it was the 8 and 10 year old next to me that appeared to be totally amazed, enjoying all the lights and music (Standing with the audience doing rocker head bang and fist pump) or the older lady in front of me with the pissed off scowl on her face every time the music got loud and asking why the hell did she pay over 100 bucks for me to hand her rolls of toilet paper that were being passed over our heads from the back rows! That was priceless!
4	Inspired by my Blue Photo, I thought it would be cool to catch a Blue Man Group show in Vegas. Seats for this show can be pricey. Fortunately, I was able to find a discounted seat online. You can try the code on the Yelp page, but I found a better one through Smarter Vegas. The ticket system used is Ticketmaster, but there did not appear to be a major surcharge from what I could see. If you get them online, you can pick up your ticket at the ticket counter next to the theater.Blue Man Group has two shows nightly at 7 pm and 10 pm. It lasts about 90 minutes or so. There was no intermission. I sat in row 2 of the poncho section. These are the seats closest to the stage. Everyone is given a poncho in this section as there is the potential for things like paint, regurgitated twinkies, etc. from the stage falling on the crowd. I was at the end of the row, so I had no issue with this.The show is entertaining. It is an interesting mix of rock show plus comedy routine. The Blue Men don't speak at all during the performance, so the comedy comes from gestures and schticks. Kind of like a modern day version of The Three Stooges in mute.While the main attraction is the Blue Man Group, I like that they have random audience members participate in the show. It helps to engage the crowd in the performance even more. The ending took this to the next level. I won't spoil it for you, but I was totally not expecting what they did.The Blue Man Group show is an inventive and entertaining show with excellent production values. It is worth seeing when in Vegas.
4	Solid entertainment!  The Blue Man Group is fun to watch.  It's even interactive & involves a bit of audience participation.  If you're brave/unlucky (or is it lucky?) you may even end up on stage with the Blue Men.My only complaint is that the show felt really long.  After a while, you pretty much get the gist of things and wish they would hurry it up just a little bit because each segment feels dragged out.
5	This is a very different show. Nothing like I've ever seen before. However still very entertaining and interactive with the audience. Music was great!! (drums,guitars ect.)and also had good humor. Highly recommended show. Worth every dollar!
2	"It's VEGAS!!!!  Let's do it UP!"  I've been excited to see a BMG show for the longest.  I was always excited when I'd catch a tiny bit of them on television so the chance to see them in Vegas???  READY!  We got a AAA discount on the tickets so we ended up in the 5th row for a decent price.  I was literally bouncing in my seat with anticipation...But the show itself was a letdown.  There was no overall point to it and it moved too slow.  Some live music here and there, a few silly stunts, a lot of eye expression (Tyra Banks would be proud).  There is some audience participation, which was the most amusing portion of the show.  Otherwise, this particular show did not live up to any of the hype.  It was pretty much a snoozefest (and one of my friends literally snoozed through the show).  The money I spent on this show would have done me better in The Venetian's casino.
2	My personal opinion:Ummm... I don't get it. I didn't think it was funny and I didn't think it was entertaining. I went expecting them to play the drums on lots of cool things with paint flying everywhere...and I mean that happened, but it didn't feel like a major portion of the show.There were too many boring skits that went on for way too long. In particular they picked a girl from the audience to sit and pretend to eat dinner with them...it dragged on for what seemed like forever. "We get it... you guys are alien-like and she is human and you guys are confused by each other....but you can't get 15 minutes out of that!!!"I mean it had some cool effects but overall I suggest seeing something else....perhaps something good.
2	I've been wanting to see the blue man group for a really long time after they had that series of computer commercials I was expecting it to be funny and cool. So I went with my family (May 2011) and luckily we had a hook up and got free tickets. The seats we got were valued for over 100 dollars, I recommend not to waste that much money to watch this show. We were seated in the first front area second to last row. The front area was equipped with rain panchos for unexpected water or splatter. Ok, I'm random and awkward at times but this definitely was RANDOM.I was confused by their concept...not sure if there even one was. It was a mix of pipe music, random acts of comedy skits, and random/weird idk how to describe it. One funny part i did like was at expense of the guest...It interrupted the show and on a big screen a couple that came in late was put on blast! So don't be late if you're gonna watch this show. Some of their comedy I didn't even find funny. Basically it's a RANDOM show, not as funny and long played out skits. There were some good moments just not alot. Not worth 100 bucks go watch a cirque show instead.
2	Good Lord, can someone explain to me why this is so popular?  It was ok..just ok.  Experimental theatre and Chaplinesque mime all in one.$101 for one ticket not too far back for meh? Uh...yeah...I am not thrilled with that one but had heard so much about how "wonderful" Blue Man is--and it has run forever in all honesty--that I said I would go.NOW I wish I had gone to see David Copperfield's show (I had a choice between the two).  His show was supposedly fantastic...and I love magic.Well, just glad I didn't blow $101 to see Chris Angel's show which, if you read the reviews, sucks.  Then I'd really have been pissed.If you are into percussion and edgy theatre, you will like this one.  I just don't happen to be a big fan myself.
5	It "Blue" my mind!First and foremost, understand that the Blue Man Group perform conceptual performance art. This means that there are many hidden messages within their skits that are meant to been perceptive through very microscopic vision. You're either going to get it or your not. In other words, if you're just looking for a slapstick comedy show, you might want to hit something else up.  Another concept of the Blue Man Group is interactivity. Participants are greatly welcome in this show. If you're camera shy or simply an observer, avoid the lower and center-stage sections of the theater. From my observations, though being a participant makes this show that much better. The music on the show is phenomenal. Much of the music is amplified and some effect processed acoustics with instruments constructed out of PVC plumbing pipe. The hollow and airy tones are often backed up with melodies and beats from luminous percussionists in the backdrop. At it's apex, the song called "PVC" includes a hidden message monologue that leads to the performance.With the performance piece called "Rockstar 101" contains a humorous commentary of the state of stardom and how to achieve such status in our society, again it's the high energy music that really stands out. This time backed with guitars and some synthesized beats. Think hard rock meets techno.The "Rods and Cones" performance is by far one of my favorites. This one-part science lesson/another-part audio visual performance is astounding. It's a plethora of auditory and visual stimuli that passes you by as you try to register everything going on. Followed by the new spectacular, "The digital Frontier" which was a feast of LED animation and acoustics that really topped the show off great!The show (like this review) is a long one. Two hours from start to finish. Some of the skits took some time to build up to. But don't be mistaken, there's much more going on than center stage. Like much performance art shows, it's what's going on around center stage that is the real show.My $.02 Cents:Full 5 Stars - Absolutely great show! One of the best. Full of eye and ear candy that gets your brain working as well. Not an overdone production by any means. Full prices tickets are steep, as with any Vegas show. But look around, there's deals everywhere!
2	My boyfriend wanted to see a show for his bday a few weeks ago so on our last trip to vegas we got tickets to Blue Man Group from one of the those tixs for tonight places (around 65$ per person) I always thought bue man group was about these men who made music using everyday objects hmmmm well i only saw this about two times during the entire 2 hour show. the rest of the time the BMG spent it doing weird useless skits that would probably be funny to a kid or someone whos had a few drinks, and quiet silent moments and akward stares. During one part the BMG goes out into the audience literally jumping through the audience staring at people staring back at eachother at first it was funny & i thought it was going to lead into something but after 20 minutes it was simply to choose an audience member to go on stage. At the end, alot of  toilet paper-looking stuff  falls from the ceiling and theater staffa dn the bmg help pull it over the audiences head towards the front. At first ur laughing and its kinda cool because you are completely surrounded by this paper and its oevr everyone! but after its pulled over everyone to the front for no appearant reason that skit ends. Waste of 20-25  minutes if you ask me. The show was weird, full of akward stares that seemed to waste half of the shows time. I wouldnt recommend it or go see it again. The parts where they played  on the tubes was really entertaining and they are really talented, i wish more time was spent on listening to that and the band behind them. During the show I saw several couples and people walk out I dont know if they were just going to the restroom or walking out of the show. My guess is they did not return. However my boyfriend did enjoy it which i guess it what matters since it was for his bday. Sorry BMG i was very dissapointed.
4	I don't even know where to start with this review. I guess I should say that if you want to see this show, you need to have an open mind, not be 10 years old or younger, have a sense of humor, likes odd and crazy things, likes drums and paint, like interactivity, not planning on coming in late to the show,  and not be 90 years old or older. I'm pretty sure there's more that you need to have, like, or not be when you see this show. But read on if you like..I'm happy and thankful to say that my boyfriend falls in all the things I've listed up top. With free tickets in hand, the bf and I decided to see the show last Sunday 5/22 and wow he was like a little kid in a candy store. I, on the other hand, didn't feel the same way and here's why: I read THE bad reviews about the show and it so happened that I carried that in my head and expected the show to be awful. BUT thank you me, I decided to tuck that away and keep an open mind =D. The theater itself was not that big, which made it so much better to see the blue men perform and actually experience everything that went on. The men did their usual: play on the pvc pipes and play on their drums that had colorful paint on them(very cool). What I didn't expect them to do was pull someone from the audience, pretend-eat w/ them on stage(w/ twinkies...yes they ate twinkies) and had mushed up twinkies come out of the vest they wore on stage. And this went on for  what seemed like forever. It wasn't the best part of the show but thank god they didn't start out w/ it. They had guys playing the drums all over the stage which is one of the many best parts of the show. The experience overall was awesome. Like many reviewers say, this show is NOT FOR EVERYONE. When we went, there were a few children in the audience and that just made it awkward. Here's why: whenever the music wasn't on, the kids would say something stupid,like "i'm  scared of them" or "what are they doing?!" or just start whining...sighs..And then they had an older couple sitting behind us that repeatedly said " i don't get it" and just kept talking throughout the silent parts of the show. They ended up leaving early which made our time there a lot better!
5	Loved it!
4	This show was a little weird in parts but it was fun.  The music was fantastic and although we were in some of the front rows (splash zone) we didn't REALLY need the ponchos.I had a lot of fun!
2	BMG is way overrated, too many other good shows to see instead. I saw this show, sat in the "Poncho" zone. Yes, sweated my tatas off stuffed in a human zip lock bag of a tarp like poncho. In which was so not needed, they are not going that crazy with there little paint bottle squirts which really just flies up and not out into the audience. With this being one of the more "Famous" shows in Vegas and with it's long run and massive advertising I expected a lot more in return. I am not sure it was worth the drive over to the Venetian to see it. Would have had more fun staying home polishing my toe nails. The funnest part was the toilet paper at the end, pathetic. The music was good, but a lot of moments in between just filled with silly goofy stuff that anyone painted blue could do. Utterly dissapointed :(Don't believe the hype!
4	So I went to Vegas with my fam & we wanted to watch a show one of the nights. Early on Sunday morning, my family lined up at the ticket booth next to Harrah's (I'm blanking on the name of the booth right now, sorry!). We did it this way to get a cheaper price for the tickets. My brother, cousin, & I decided to buy tickets for Blue Man Group. I've seen posters about the show & seen the statues in The Palazzo before, but never watched the actual show. I didn't even know what they really did. We ended up getting really good seats. 3rd row & center baby! :) & we probably didn't pay as much as some of the people who sat around us :pThe show was REALLYYY GOOOOD!! Really entertaining for people who don't talk, haha ;) It kept me awake & made me laugh. We were also in the "poncho section, which made me hot but made things a little more exciting at the same time, haha.I'm totally a fan. & I happened to get free tickets for signing up for a Grazie card, so my sister-in-law & 3-year-old nephew went..they enjoyed the show too! :) Totally would recommend this show!
3	It was ok.
2	With the show being one of the most popular events on the strip, I expected a lot more -- a rock concert with drums, lights, flying colored paint, comedy, and surprises.  It was NONE like that!There were a lot of dead moments and slow improv with audience members.  There were some drumming with the paint, but I could have paid $30 to see that at a rock concert -- not about $100!!!  If you like minimalism, then this is the show for you.The only exciting part was the last 10 minutes or so.
4	This has to be one of my favorite show in Vegas. It's unique, entertaining and funny. If you like loud music, bright colors, abstract art, and paint, you can't miss it! It's just a bunch of guys in blue paint that does weird things. You will see a lot of musical stuff in this show. Not slow, sleepy music, but rock and roll type with good beats.If you want close up action, get tickets for the first few rows. They will provide you with a poncho to protect you from the paint! If you don't want to get splattered on, don't get seats up to close. Rows 7 and beyond should be good.I did not expect the Blue Man Group to be so entertaining. I strongly recommend you don't miss this the next time you're in Vegas.
4	The Blue Man group is (or was) playing at the Golden Gate Theater in San Francisco, not too far from home. I told my boyfriend, who REALLY wanted to go, "Nah, I don't feel the need go see them."Well fast forward a few months and I'm on a business trip, staying at the Venetian. My work buddies and I really didn't plan well and had one free night before our conference started. Love, at the Mirage was our first choice, but they only had single seats left. As we started wandering back to the Venetian, we realized we had about an hour before Blue Man started their next show. We got some decent seats for the cheapest available rate on a Saturday night-I mean we had awesome views of all the action and our tickest were about $79 each.I can't even begin to describe the show but the music was amazing and it's just a FUN show. There were two parts (the Captain Crunch & Twinkie interludes) that I thought were too drawn out and lame. Other than that, it was just an overall good time.Go in with an open mind, enjoy the awe inspiring music and lighten up a bit. The expressions on the group's faces is priceless and the more the audience reacts the more you get out of the show.Maybe not everyone's first choice for Vegas, but definitely worth a go. Oh and BTW my boyfriend was not too pleased when I texted him and said "Guess what show we all decided to see..." But it was good enough that I'd even go a second time-that's IF they're still playing in SF.
2	This is the strangest show on the strip. I don't understand what a box of Captain Crunch has to do to with anything, but that's the way of the show. It is outlandish and weird. You don't really know what you are in for until you watch it. I liked the elaborate musical ending, but that was about it. The humor was awkward, dry humor. You kind of have to assume what the guys are thinking or implying because they don't talk at all during the show. My fiance loved it because that is his type of humor. It wasn't really for me. I want to know what is going to happen during the show. I liked the drumming, but that can only entertain you for so long. If I really wanted that, I would have watched Stomp. Overall, I think guys will enjoy this show more than girls. One cool thing is that some of them go out in the hallway after the performance and you can take pictures with them!
3	I liked the show but some parts where a bit boring. Was it worth the $100 we paid per person? HmmMm depends. Only if I get a really good deal! LOL. Don't get me wrong. I like the show. It was entertaining, funny and great experience but since everyone always talked about the show and this being my first time going, I had VERY high expectations for it. Would I go again to watch it? Probably not. I think it was over-hyped. It was my friend's second time going and he said it was the exact same time as the first time he watched it. he just went because it was Peter, his GF and my first time. At least now I can say I have been to the Blue Man Group.
5	I was really unsure about what to expect going in but was SO pleasantly surprised. It was an absolutely amazing show! It is interactive and fun! It is the kind of show you should see at least once. I think it is most appreciated by people like me that enjoy stupid, silly humor.
3	The 1st time I saw this show was way back in the day... like way way back! I didn't like it much then... i thought it was dumb... i recently saw it again... i thought it was ok this time... it was pretty funny... kinda kool... but still dumb. Not really much to say about this show. I took my son and nephews - age range 12-18 yrs old - and they liked it. btw, the bottled water is way over priced... these places that overprice on things should really get busted for doin that... they are really rippn ppl off! a Dasani bottled water - just the regular size was $5. I bought 6 waters - total $30 -  WTF!!!!! Do you know how many bottled waters I coulda gotten with $30 if i went to Costco?!!!! DAMNNN!!!! so a big EFF U for over pricing on damn water!!!!!
5	Great show!! Saw them in 2005 when they were still at the Luxor & I'm sure it's only gotten better! I like that they took pictures with you outside of the theater at the end of the show. I don't even care if it wasn't the guys on stage...still a great photo op! I hope they still do it after the shows now.
3	So I came to watch this show with my boiifriend for my birthday I went in with a mediocore attitude either I was gonna love it or really going not like it, but in the end it was just ok. There was nothing funny about them putting captn crunch in their mouth. I liked the paint in the drums and the drumming on the sprinkler tubes. But they over did it! I think the part I enjoyed the most was the toilet paper at the end! And I liked the fact that they stay outside of the theater to take pictures. Which I took a really good one :) would I go watch this show again? Probly not
5	I loveddd this show!! :) Thanks to Shirley H. who told me about smartervegas.com, I was able to get 40% off my tickets! And I got awesome seats in the 2nd row (PONCHO seating)! They gave us clear plastic ponchos to wear that covered our whole body with even a hood. We got a little bit of stuff splashed on us during the show but it was really not bad at all. So don't let that phrase, "poncho seating" scare you!This is definitely a family-friendly show great for ALL ages. And you don't even have to understand English because they don't say a word. It's all done by actions, music, and facial expressions. Hilarious and amazing and super entertaining! My bf and I both really enjoyed it. It's definitely one of my favorite shows in Vegas!The blue men also stick around after the show and will take pictures with you for free. :)Random Tips:1. Located inside the Venetian2. Make sure you use the restroom before the show! There's no intermission and you do NOT want to go the bathroom during the show.3. Don't be late.
1	Terrible! What a waste of money. I can't believe they have a Vegas show. I paid 100 dollars a ticket to watch grown men throw things into each others mouths and then spit it onto a board? They played with cereal, twinkies, and made awkward faces at each other and the audience. I didn't get it at all. It wasn't funny, it wasn't entertaining.
4	Very funny, it doesn't get 5 stars because some parts were a little bit boring. The music was very good, the interaction with the public was funny. Good show.
5	Best show ever. I walked out of the theater thinking wow my mind was just blown. Great for anybody, but don't waste your money for the kids if you don't have to. They won't be able to appreciate it or much less remember the beauty of it. Audience involvement is through the roof, and it makes for a great show. Beyond interesting or amazing: it simply IS. Got discount tickets, but would pay full price for this show, easy.Keep in mind that there IS a demographic for this show. A lot of reviews on here say it's stupid and dumb, which, to an extent, is true. But that's what entertains a lot of people. Ever heard of Napoleon Dynamite? Borat? Stepbrothers? Talladega Nights? The Hangover? Stupid, but funny. You just have to be open enough to get it. Also, a lot of parts are ingenious and creative. They explained animation and had amazing lighting and artwork to prove it. This show is genius. Don't come stiff, be open to relax and enjoy stupidity as well as intrigue yourself with bits of interesting facts thrown in at various points. It's enjoyable, just relax and you'll have fun.
5	Woops, completely forgot to write a review for this show, which I saw 6 months ago, haha. But this really is the best show ever!  Make sure to get your tickets on www.smartervegas.com, they give you a code to get 40% off tickets, great deal!  My friends and I paid around $40 each and sat in the middle row on the right side.  The theatre isn't too big so really any seat is a good seat in my opinion.  It's located in The Venetian downstairs, pretty easy to find.Really funny, entertaining, and energetic show, and its great for all ages, and has gooood music.  Really creative and unexpected too!! I don't want to ruin it for you those who haven't seen it, but just come for a good time, and DON'T BE LATE :)
5	Very funny, not as artsy ad circ, but very family friendly, had a great time!
1	I've seen many shows in Vegas and elsewhere...I don't know what these people are smoking before the show that makes them think this show is good because I thought it was terrible.  Several people (around 10) left before the show was over - I don't blame them.  Definitely pass on this show.There's about 10 minutes of actual music which is awesome, the rest is all stupid filler stuff where they just do stupid stuff (like shove cereal in their mouth for 15 minutes, really??).The funniest part of the show was when they took a handheld camera that's connected to the big screen on stage...well one of the blue men showed the whole front row on the screen and then all of a sudden they find a lady that was sleeping.  That really described the show...a person in the front row that paid over $100 to see the show is asleep because the show was so boring.
3	I'm here to read some 5-star reviews written by some other users. Umm are you kidding me this show deserves a 5-star? Boy you need to travel a lot more.And to whoever produced the commercial for Blue Man playing again and again and again not even by Venetian but also on Sunset in West Hollywood where I live claiming  "There's always one moment in the Blue Man Show that you would simply wonder: 'Why would they do this?'" - Yes I do wonder why they would do stupid things like that and why they're even proud of it.The only thing impressed me was the spinning gold man on the left side of the stage and the rolling titles entertaining the audience before the show starts.Go watch Marc Savard Comedy Hypnosis if you wanna watch something fun. And if you're looking for what's amazing, O is your number one choice.
5	Great show. We saw it during our first (and last) trip to Vegas last week. Really interesting and very funny. We will take the kids to see the show when they come to SLC on tour in December.
4	Funny and entertaining!
4	The only thing holding me back from a 5-star rating was the price of the tickets....however, considering it's Vegas, it is definitely par for the course there. I really feel like these shows could be about 30% cheaper to be sure to fill the theaters every time....it seems a waste otherwise for such talent to go unseen! The Blue Man Group is one that I'd had on my list of "want to's" for several years now. The problem was that most of my friends had already seen it and didn't want to miss out on seeing something new and unique each time we flew into town. So, I was beginning to think I would have to go it alone. Thankfully, on my last trip, I was finally with someone in the group who ALSO was waiting for another newbie to want to see it - so we induldged as first-timers together! I'm so glad I finally got to see what all the hubub was about - these guys really work well together and kept the audienced engaged by sheer confusion as to what to expect next! The show is definitely family-friendly, all-age fun = my favorite type in Vegas because it gets you away from all the other naughty-vice-driven theater for a couple of hours :) Alas, I've only seen the show once, however I guess I checked in when I bought the tix and again when it was showtime - I'll have to go back and make an honest Yelp outta this one!
3	I thought the show was OKAY. It was funny in some parts and the playing of the "drums" were totally awesome, but there wasn't enough of that. It was more "skits" and doing weird, disgusting things. Like eating captain crunch with food falling all over the place. At the end, they tp'ed the entire place with paper towels. I think that was my favorite part of the show. HAHAH :) We can't complain though. We got Blue Zone seats at the Blue Man show for the price of people paying to seat in the back corner. So for the price, I thought it was worth seeing.
1	This show is pathetic. I mean really pathetic. If someone told me that I'd pay $110 to watch 3 men wearing a blue mask and surgical gloves beat on drums and try to elicit laughs with puerile humor, I would have told them they are nuts. Little did I know.. To me there is no talent in this show and nothing to appreciate. if you find 3 men stuffing their face with cheerios, or paint squirting out of holes in their chest, or sitting in line and eating crap to be funny.. you've had one too many drinks at the casino or havent seen much entertainment in life. If someone from the show reads this review, please contact me to offer me a refund for this is a total waste of time and money.
5	Loved this show.  extremely entertaining -- and that's what its all about.  When you travel for fun, you want to be mesmerized by entertainment, and this show delivers.  Very funny humor and audience participation.  Visually perfect.  This must be an incredible technical challenge to pull off this level of perfect timing of audio to visual cues.  Great job to the masses that are behind the scenes....and GREAT job Blue Man Group.  You will love this show and well worth the ticket price.
4	Got tickets for this show cut pretty deep, 50$ for 3rd row tickets.  Remember, it's performance art.  Get it, don't get it, it's probably not meant to make much sense in the first place.There are two reasons why I appreciated the Blue Man Group performance.  1) It's funny, and they do a good job keeping people entertained.  2) It's actually some pretty impressive drumming.  If you're not a percussionist, this probably means nothing, but it's actually pretty cool to listen to some of the rhythms and music they're playing.  Even calling out some of the weird percussion instruments was really fun.  Know that definitely made me appreciate it more.We sat in the poncho section, and didn't get a drop on us the whole time.  But the theater's kept really cold (even for the Las Vegas 70-degree-inside) standard, so neither of us sweat a drop.  It was fun.  The animations, the usage of strobes and paint, were really memorable.  You go home with some great beats, excited, and all-in-all pretty happy.  Worth your 50$.There's really no reason to pay full-price for ANYthing in Vegas, so it's important you find a deal before going to see the show.  I think that's the biggest factor here for getting your value.  About 30-40% off would be the right level for Blue Man Group.
5	I see this show every time I got to Vegas and it's always awesome. (It doesn't change, though.)It's funny, weird, beautiful, sciency, and clever all in one. Great music (it's much more of a rock concert than you'd think) and one amazing, full-sensory-experience surprise ending.
4	DO NOT BE LATE!!!I'm more of a musical/play kinda girl...and i prefer a strong story line. With that being said, the blue man group is a very strange, unique and entertaining show.Honestly, i don't feel like the performers were particularly talented. they sure know how to keep a beat tho. the music was upbeat and stimulating. the notorious paint effects were pretty cool so don't wear your nicest outfit if you bought the expensive tickets! Also, LOTS OF STROBE LIGHTS! I still do prefer musicals after watching this. Yet, this was definitely the cheapest GOOD show on vegas. worth a watch. overall, there is very modern and quirky vibe throughout the show. Very entertaining- kept the audience on their feet the whole show and was very interactive. HOWEVER. if i had paid $100 for this...i don't think i would have been satisfied =X***Tip: We did watch it on a Thursday 10pm showing and it was pretty packed. Student rush tickets, $45 for row k! but more on the side. just go to the box office the day of and ask for them. give them the code GB1 STURUSH and your student ID! No intermission. Favourites: uniqueness. one of them come out for pictures after the show!Do not want: tickets are expensive without discountsLast words: unique!
4	What a great show! My husband and I sat in the 'poncho' section for the price of the cheapest tickets (originally $101.85, we paid $74.90) because we have AAA. Ask for the discount if you have AAA, it made a huge difference in the price and where we could sit. I saw Blue Man Group in NYC a few years back. This time it was just as good and I didn't mind one bit seeing it again. Everything is very original, quirky, and awesomely entertaining. You'll be laughing the whole night too!Like celine l said though - don't be late! I won't ruin what happens during the show if you are late, but it's quite embarrassing for you/entertaining for the audience if you come in after they've started.
5	This was my third time seeing BMG, and in all honesty,  it's one of the few shows I would pay to see more than once. It's got everything you could ask for in a show, awesome music, humor, lights, sounds audience interaction, and more. I agree with most of the other reviews that it's always good to get a deal, but even if I couldn't find a deal on tickets, I'd still pay full pop to see them. I found out they are moving to the Monte Carlo next year, so I'll definitely go back and see them in their new  theater! Run, don't walk and go see this show!
1	This show is not worth the money. The Blue Man Group did a lot of off-the-wall and very weird stuff. Some parts were funny but it was not artistic at all or a show that required much talent. I wish I would have spent the money on a different show. Rick D, San Diego, CA.
1	I used to sell tickets to this show in addition to all others in Las Vegas. And I used to sell this show a lot, but had never seen it. We got comp tickets to see this show so I decided to finally see it. Ummmm...HUH...WHAT?...WOOOW..This is stupid...Is it over yet? These are the things I was blabbing all night while watching the show! This show sucked major balls! The show is 3 guys in all blue, ummm putting paint in their mouths and spitting it at blank paper. Then ummm they eat Captain Crunch, ummm then they do a bunch of other talentless stupid stunts. Thank God! I didn't pay for my tickets!!! Tickets sell for minimum of $89 I'm not sure why someone would waste money to see this "show" There are way too many great shows out their to see that are amazing, so please do not waste your time or money seeing this show!Poor tourist that are getting sucked into seeing this boring production due to all of the advertising and marketing.Save yourself and don't do it!
5	best show everto anyone who doesn't like blue man groupfuck you
2	I hate to be so negative towards a show that has fairly good aspects. But I just expected so much more. Coming from a show that wasn't cheap to see. Or that has been going strong for ten years or so now. But I believe someone under the age of 12 would surely give this show four stars or more. The acts are cool. The blue men are funny. And it was a good experience. However, the acts almost seem to repeat themselves in different ways. You just hear so much about this show you kinda go in expecting to be blown away. Don't get me wrong. It's a good show for both kids and adults. But it's mainly a family show. Rather than a couples show. But there was one particular part, that had me in big smiles. That I won't forget. Towards the end of the show, they drop tons and tons of paper over the croud. That just keeps pouring and pouring. Almost like a snow white out. I swear I was laughing like a little kid. The audience kinda just pushes the paper towards the front till it's all gone. It's really cool. But unfortunately it wasn't enough to give it more stars. Two and a half stars if I could. Blue men, change the show up and Ill be there.
2	Ive seen a few shows(4) in Vegas, and this one is in last place. Two by Circus, variety show and Absinthe. This show lacked any plot or humor. Music was techno style. The show was repetitive. A lot the same routines. I would had been happier placing the $89 i spent on the ticket on the casino floor
5	My second time seeing the bmg and I cannot say enough about how much fun this show is. A must see family event.
5	I've always considered going to see Blue Man Group in New York, but never got to go see them.So when I was in Vegas, my friend and I decided to see them.I was a little bit scared when I saw everyone around me with those "ponchos" on. I put mine on and waited to get plastered with different shades of paint, especially since we were 2nd row from the stage.Surprisingly, there was a lot of music involved, a lot of it was the "drumming" with those white pvc pipes. It was pretty interesting. When the live band was on the stage it made the show really come alive.I was really impressed.  I loved how funny the show was. There was some audience participation, which was really neat.There was a lot of food involved, which was pretty cool to see.At the end of the show I was disappointed that we didn't get much paint on us, although my friend smelled like bananas from the yellow goop the blue man group was eating, and spraying at the audience. =)This show would also be great for children or for people who want to see shows, but aren't comfortable with English, since Blue Man Group people don't talk throughout the whole show. Everything is visual and sound effects.I would see them again, but in New York this time!
2	SPOILER ALERT! Details of the show are in this review, if you don't want to know what happens in Blue Man Group stop reading now! But i'm guessing that you'll continue reading because like everyone else, nobody really has any idea what Blue Man Group is about. You're usually thinking, "Blue people? Music? They don't speak, or something?" Without actually seeing the show, the general details about this show are vague. The show is (for the purpose of trying to boil it down) a comedy/music show. The three blue men are suppose to represent the internet or how social interaction works in this day in age, or are a representation of our personal insecurities. They all have their own silly mannerisms. and the audience feels safe laughing with them because they're all very curious and act socially awkward. This is the style of comedy you sit through for almost 2 hours, but I can assure you it gets confusing and repetitive very quickly. The acts in this show include eating Captain Crunch, eating Twinkies, and eating Marshmallows. These are 3 different scenes that each last at least 10-15 minutes a piece. They eat these things while being socially awkward with one another. I swear to god, that's it. Additionally, there is a scene where they show you signs with words on them- and you read them until somebody walks into the auditorium late, at which point they bust those people out with a spotlight and putting them on the big screen. Its just a lot of cheap laughs for a majority of the show. There is also a lot of drumming, which takes a certain amount of talent to do... but I'm really reaching to compliment the show when I say that. They drum, and they drum, they hit a few pvc pipes and drum some more. It's kinda 'neat' when they drum over the paint and the paint splashes around, but this is literally all they do they entire show. The highlight of the show comes during the grand finale, when the Blue Men pull toilet paper over the audience. The audience is literally entirely covered with toilet paper- but again I can only use the word 'neat' to describe this. It's an exciting rush for about 2 minutes, after sitting through 2 hours of watching them eat food and drumming. I paid $55 for my ticket via travelzoo, and when I left I felt like I wasted my time... If you do see this show, know that there is NO BAD SEAT in the house, and that the poncho zone doesn't get very wet at all... At the show I went to, the audience wasn't really into it and everyone seemed confused... There was probably a time when Blue Man Group was the hottest show in Vegas, but I think it's time is up... Maybe I'm just out of touch, but this style of comedy/music show just wasn't for me =/
2	Performance art by men who's faces are blue and don't speak.I was entertained-there are some giggle inducing moments and some really cool things, but I really wasn't quite sure what the point of it all was.It's more of a drumming concert with some performance art thrown in-sprinkled with a tad of audience participation.Not something I would recommend or see again.
1	This was the biggest waste of time and money I have ever had. Many people left during the performance including us and we had purchased the most expensive tickets. Have been to blue man many years ago. It was odd, weird and funny so knew what to expect.  The person laughing the most was a child about six. That should tell you something. So disappointing .  The laugh is on the consumer from blue man for their getting the big bucks and our paying for such a  moronic  performance.
5	Possibly the best show I've seen! I wasn't expecting it to be so comical. Tons of fun, incredibly entertaining! If you enjoy drier humor, the subtle non verbal comedic relief then you will love the show. Clean, wholesome, a must see if you are in Vegas!!!
5	Five stars in Las Vegas and six in the Astor Theater in NYC. Great fun anyone and everyone.
3	I had much higher expectations from this show. We enjoyed it, got discounted tickets. I'm glad I didn't pay full price, I would be much more disappointed. it was a little boring at times, and redundant. Enjoyable, but not amazing. I knew we should have gone to see Lion King lol ;)
3	This show was fun, but would've been alot better if they had actually played more music.
5	I had such an awesome time! Lots and Lots of music and very bright colors. Although the Blue men dont speak you still chuckle a couple of times because of the attempted humor of the act. They also interact with the audience and lucky for me I was the one they chose to pull onstage which added to the excitement. I would say this is a show for any ages. A must see!
5	Performance art with amplified tuned percussion, humor, audience participation, and yes, toilet paper.This was a great event, a private showing of BMG sponsored by my company. The three principals, backed by drum-heavy band, bring their unique take on the human condition, the Internet, love, and plumbing, with hilarious results.To respond to a previous reviewer, they plucked two of my colleagues out of the audience to interact with them. Very entertaining!
3	My husband liked it more than I did.  Really for the price I can think of lots of other things I would rather do.
3	Blue Man GroupOverall 3 StarsGold Medal - Human Body Painted PortraitSilver Medal - Ping Pong Balls in MouthBronze Medal - Alot of EnergyI have seen this show twice now.  The first time was in Vegas about 11 years ago, when the show first came out and the second time was a week ago at the Segerstrom Center in Costa Mesa, CA.  The Vegas production hosts a much larger production, since it is Vegas.  The Blue Man Group on Tour was a bit more limited.  I am surprised after 11 years that the show was still about 92% the same. One cool difference was that at the end of the show there is toilet paper being throw in the air.  11 years ago the toilet paper was thrown into the crowd and the crowd had to pick up the toilet paper and throw it themselves.  11 years later, Blue Man invented a machine that throws the toilet paper in the air.  There is technology in full effect!I personally thought the show was average.  A couple parts were very cool and exciting, but the remaining parts of the show was nothing spectacular.  To sum up the show in a sentence, this show mixes comedy, includes crowd participation while keeping the show loud and full of action. During the show a man from the audience was chosen to go behind stage.  The Blue Man covered the man up in a suit and tied the man upside down.  The man was splattered with paint and throw on a wall. After getting abducted with paint, the man was able to keep the portrait of his paint spatted on the wall body portrait.  That was the coolest part of the show.  I want to make one too!Another cool part of the show, one of the Blue Man caught over 10 plastic ping pong balls in his mouth.  Could of been more or less, but it was a very large number. Can you catch 10 ping pongs in your mouth?  Pretty amazing stuff!The show had loud music and was full of energy.  Alot of neon colors and images for your viewing enjoyment.HAPPY BLUE MANING!!
5	I was a little skeptical about seeing this show after reading a few bad reviews, but I was very pleased with the show. Even though the blue men didnt speak, i found them hilarious and entertaining. Their stares kinda creeped me out, but in a funny way. After seeing them coming towards our row, I quickly looked away because I cant do eye contact for long period of time lol, it just creeps me out! They picked my friend to go up to the stage and participate in a performance. I laughed so hard i had tears in my eyes. There performances were awesome and very different from other shows I've seen. I was expecting some gymnast stuff like all the other vegas shows, but you wont see that here. I loved the toilet paper part. That was neat... although i kept thinking... man, what a waste of toilet paper! haha all that toilet paper could have lasted someone a whole year of not having to buy toilet paper! I wish I would have brought sunglasses with me though, good lord, it was a BRIGHT show. Hopefully I can take my husband to see this show in the near future, he would have enjoyed it :)
3	I had seen this show maybe 10 years ago and thought it was great. I got to go again recently and I had just as much fun. There were alot of the same skits but it still made me bust a gut and spew my digested twinkies all over the place. Good thing they pass out those plastic ponchos before hand.If you have never seen Blue Man I would definitely recommend it, especially if they have tickets on sale. The music is great, I would go and just close my eyes and listen, but don't get caught or you may get pulled up on stage.
1	I Would give NEG stars if possible. I can't understand anyone giving this "show" more then 1 star! it's the worst show I ever seem! LESS entertaining then any show or skit I ever seem in my life! or even compare to elementary school level! I felt like I got robbed! Seriously, and I SWEAR I FELL ASLEEP, after hours of fighting with my eyelids when I'm not actually that tired.. I FELL ASLEEP. ( & i think the show is 2 hours? I didn't look at my clock) but yeah my hubby told me that the Blue Man saw me sleeping too, when they were running around passing the toilet papers...WORST SHOW EVER IN THE UNIVERSE! DON'T GO! PLEASE!
4	Great show. If you have seen you tube videos...you've seen the show.
3	It was just ok! Prob won't ever see it again or suggest it to friends.....the music was good and I liked how they engaged with the audience
5	I'm a huge believer of  "you get what you paid for".  This show was worth going.  Like many expensive shows in Vegas, this one was on top of my list!  High Energy, Entertaining, very theatrical and love the music!  I had so much fun!  I would definately go again!
5	Good show for the whole family!  We bought tickets through Allegiant Airlines and were lucky enough to get a meet and greet with one of the Blue Men after the show.  Kids loved it - a very unique and interesting show with lost of laughs and high energy performances.
3	My husband, a couple friends and I went and saw Blue Man Group on a Tuesday night in Vegas. The place was packed and we were in the first row, the poncho section. I was very afraid I was going to get paint all over my clothes, but we didn't get touched. Same can't be said for another group in the front row... they got food sprayed ALL OVER them during one of the comedy sketches.I could go into detail about the show but I'll keep it short. Overall I enjoyed the show and don't regret going. I did not enjoy the "comedy" bits, I felt like most of them went on too long and weren't that funny. I DID like the drumming with the paint, but by towards the end of the show I noticed that their motions weren't matching the sound... in other words, it was a soundtrack or the sounds were actually coming from the other drummers in the show and not the blue men. Not a big deal, I guess.The funniest part of the show for me was the toilet paper. The audience members kept passing it forward so by the end of it, the people in the front row were drowning in TP.TL;DR: I'm glad I went but probably wouldn't go again.
4	I loved this show. It was entertaining, unique, and very interactive. I think it was cool that they had a weird personality spin on the show and they highlighted the overtake of technology. It is definitely a must see if you're in Vegas. But, get ready for an arm workout and a lotta' head bobbing.
4	With years of "Arrested Development" jokes planted firmly in my head (thank you, Tobias Funke), I had the opportunity to see the Blue Man Group a few weeks back, and ended up sitting in the "Spatter Zone", or whatever it's called.Quick Tip: Pull those ponchos tight.In actuality, it's really not that bad, but I did end up with banana goop all over the sleeves of my jacket as one of the stunts does make a mess.  There are 2-3 acts that are a little messy, but that was the only one that "got" me.The show itself is clever and odd.  It reminds me of those street performance people that I would see walking the beaches of California, just on a larger scale.  And I'm sure that's the point.  The act itself is quirky, funny, playful, and inventive in its ideas.  The humor comes from the Blue Men themselves as, even though they represent the show's silent protagonists, their facial expressions tell volumes of what's on their minds.The acts are diverse, and largely music-based in theme.  There were two wonderfully animated bits with some statues and a neon theme that I found accurate and the most visually striking of the acts shown.  The Blue Men themselves play with the audience constantly throughout the show.  I'm a little convinced that their selected choices could be "plants", but it's still funny, and they still most definitely climb through the audience to make the search for their *ahem* "victims" still interactive.  The ending was fun and got the whole audience involved.For a major Strip show, I found them quirky and different enough from other offerings as it is humor based performance art.  At the end of the show, the Blue Men will pose for photos.  The night I went, they were mobbed by show-goers, and while I'm sure the performers were ready to call it a night, they graciously stayed out and accommodated every request, even coming back when a latecomer asked for that "one last photo".  I always find things like that worth giving respect to, especially a more popular show like this.A good show, especially if you like oddball performances.
1	save your $$$ and save your time and do not watch the show.it doesn't matter where you sit because there is nothing extraordinary about the show.it's comedy with a combination of music..there were a few people in front of me who had the giggles.. they were laughing at nothing.. so i was laughing at them!the blue man group tries to play some of today's biggest hits, but they only play a couple of seconds of it... ugh. is that talent?it's loud... i think anyone could go on stage and play their "instruments"... so uncreative. enough said. please go watch another show.
3	It was fun for the first 30 minutes, then it became a drag.  would be good for a 60-minute show.
5	Woah talk about over the top entertainment. Blueman Group is a musical show that plays techno/rock music. I was throughly entertained the whole 90 minutes. We sat right behind the poncho section and had no issues with the view or hearing the music. This is definetly a Vegas show. Lots of lights, loud music and some laughs. This is playing in the venetian I would recommend it to those who are yearning for a new musical experience.
4	Excellent show, lots of fun. Bought tickets the day of at one of the discounted ticket places on the strip. Was as much sight as sound, and more humor than expected. Very creative show.
3	A very classic Vegas show and you can't say you're a Vegas regular unless you've seen Blue Man Group.I thought the show was good but not great. Don't get my wrong..I'm all for the arts and have been in the performance art industry for awhile but this didn't really meet the mark for me. The best thing about this show is definitely the music. I LOVVEDDD when they played the drums...the music was amazing. The thing that I didn't like about this show is the comedy skits. I felt like they dragged on a little too long for my taste to the point where it wasn't funny anymore. The comedy was just too too slow. The kids might enjoy the slow humor but it just didn't do it for me. I liked the interaction with the audience as well. Those skits were actually quite funny and I enjoyed it. I would say that everyone should see this show at least once. I would not come back to see this show again but it's a classic and in the end I saw it.TIPS:- The theater is really small and so any seat is a GREAT seat in my opinion!! You'll be able to see EVERYTHING- 10pm show has a 30% discount on all tickets if time isn't an issue for you- Make sure you check out their website for other offers incl. [1] student discounts and [2] AAA discounts
4	Go on the day of the show and show them your student ID (you can purchase 2 tickets per ID) and get the student rush rate for $49.95 per ticket. Huge discount!  =)The seats are great too, well if you don't mind sitting front and center in the poncho section. Yes, you do need to wear a plastic poncho. But here's the thing, unless you are in the first or second row, there is low probability you'll get sprayed with anything. It happens when you least expect it too, so stay on your toes. =PI've seen this show twice, got the student rate twice and sat front and center in the poncho section twice. This show is really awesome and interactive. It isn't your traditional Vegas show and you sometimes need to be a good sport and participate. It's part of the fun. The Blue Men are eccentric, humorous and endearing. I love that a live band and cool music are intertwined with the dynamics of the show. The lights, the interaction and weirdness of this show is delightful. I went in the first time not knowing what to expect, but now I recommend it everyone who visits Vegas. So dig up that old student ID - even if you aren't a student anymore (shhh...I'm not), go see it and enjoy!
3	Funny for the first time but they need to change it up.
4	So much fun!!! Had tickets from House Seats and came with my boss (no I'm not sucking up, what are you talking about j/k). She had never seen the show and I saw it about ten years ago at the Luxor so I wasn't sure what to expect now.The theatre is a nice size, and really cool looking. We had awesome seats and I like the digital cues that come out on the sides; I enjoy having something interesting to read and do when I'm waiting for the show to start. Some of the acts were familiar from before and some were new. There's something for everyone and the pace moves pretty fast. There aren't a bunch of dead spots like there are in some shows. The band was really awesome and the neon painted people look like psychedelic Gumby. The cool random facts are great for party ice breakers or awkward first dates. I now have a fabulous new acronym that will probably never come in handy but is nevertheless funny. My favorite part was when my boss freaked out because one of the blue men had been standing right behind her and tapped her on the shoulder. The toilet paper made for a great laugh and if you're feeling smothered, do what I did and duck and cover. Great show!!!!
4	This show is different than any other show you have ever seen. "Different" could mean a lot of things depending on your taste, mood, interests, and the level of craziness. I cannot say how much I enjoyed the music portion of this show, and I wish they would fill more of the show time with music. I couldn't wait for them to play on their crazy instruments. The band is very cool and so are the blue men; plus the special light effects make the whole thing a super fun show. Some of the comedy stunts are a little too long, in my opinion. I think they could do so much more than just standing there and eating cereals. But again, maybe I just didn't understand the message. I don't want to give away too much, but please go and find out for yourself. I absolutely recommend this show.
1	Simply ,I did not like this show. I thought it was not funny at all. I guess I am a serious person more than a humorous one. Oh well at least the company payed for my ticket.
4	I luaghed.I laughed alot. I thought these giant Smurfs were pretty damn funny. I'm not sure why I've read so many negative reviews about the Blue Man group. I thought the show was very entertaining. The night we saw the BMG the crowd seemed to be really into the show. Everyone loved the toilet paper wave at the end of the show. That was awesome. Overall, I'm sure it's not the best show in Sin City but I honestly think it's worth checking out once in your life. If you look hard enough you can find lots of discounted seats online and around the city.
5	Blue Man group is one of my favorite shows in Vegas. I watched it two times now and enjoyed it both times! I took advice from a fellow yelper and bought student poncho seats for around $50. I was a tad bit freaked out that I would get wet but my boyfriend and I got seats in the last row of the poncho section and never got a drop of paint on us. If you enjoy music, magic, comedy, and improv than you will LOVE this show! I was entertained throughout the show and I noticed that the show changes each time. They include a little improv so each show will differ slightly. The last time I watched Blue Man Group was about 5 years ago and that show was significantly different than the show I watched a week ago. The part of the show that I loved the most is definitely the music. I even have two CDS that I bought to prove it! The Blue Man group and the guys from the band also pose for pictures after the show so be sure to stay around to meet them. I even got a blue kiss on the cheek this time around and they put it on a sticker as a cute souvenir for me!
3	Just saw Blue Man Group this past Monday while visiting Vegas with my fiance.  Show was good but PLEASE TAKE NOTE:Our seats were in the Poncho Section (second row) and during the middle of the performance, a banana pudding like substance was shot into the crowd.  The ponchos did not help as we were forced to sit with sticky, smelly goo on our arms and clothing for the remainder of the show (poncho did not cover entire body). I felt that this part of the show was unnecessary, and really took away from the overall experience because I was concerned with getting the gross goo off of my arms and sleeves of my clothing. (fiance was not happy either).   I would recommend the show, but DO NOT SIT IN THE FIRST COUPLE OF ROWS!
4	I'm always surprised when I hear people didn't enjoy this show. It is based on some fairly universal ideas. Physical comedy, color, and percussion based music. My only criticism is that I have seen it four times over the past 5 years and it has been exactly the same. I'm not looking for a major overhaul, but throwing in a different bit or two now and again wouldn't hurt.
3	I still can't make up my mind about this show. It's very abstract. I love the water vortexes (vortexi?) to the right and left of the stage, I was fascinated by them. Watching these guys is what watching a bunch of aliens new to the planet would be like and for the most part it is very enjoyable. The comedy bits are rather lame however, very slow, like on a level for children. The cereal thing? Um no, just no.  I wish all the music they played was accompanied by the paint but overall they are very talented along with their band. The finale is spectacular, with a wave of paper that covers the audience and glowing dancing noodles above you. Really beautiful.  I would see it again if the tickets were $50 or less but they are over $100 which I think is a bit steep.
5	This show was awesome! We were entertained the whole time and the best part is that they make the audience part of the show! We had a great time and the music was really good! Dont sit in the first few rows because that's the splash zone lol
2	The first time I watched this show I had a huge headache and I thought that was why I didn't get to experience it the way everyone else with glowing reviews had.  So my fiancee and I decided to try it again to give it another shot.  What a waste of a late night.  It's mildly entertaining.  Their live band is good and dressed like neon skeletons in the closet.  It's really not that good, but then again it's really not that bad.  There are some real stinker shows out there and this one is middle of the pack.  Too bad the ticket prices are nosebleed high, but maybe a tourist coming in might really enjoy the show.  It's very very long and slow moving.  Prepare yourself.  I enjoyed some parts of it.  It had its bright moments.  The good thing is, their drinks at the bar were stiff.
2	I don't get the draw?  The show was slow.  Not quite as entertaining as I would have expected after hearing all the hype.  Seemed like there were die hard fans there?  They seemed to know what was coming next and ready to laugh,... I don't get the draw.  I suppose I should have had a bunch of drinks prior?  But then, as slow as the show was,... I would have probably been sleeping at some point.  Ticket price was crazy for that poor of a show.  I wouldn't go again or recommend.
5	i laughed so hard my cheeks hurt. and this is my second time. they do the same tricks and all, so once is good enough. but i brought my parents this time and we sat in the poncho area. you really dont get that wet or dirty at all. maybe some banana squirted at you but thats about it. the poncho seats we bought (red zone) were on sale at travelzoo for 40% off so i paid about 65 a person. if you buy from venetian, and youre a grazie member they do automatic upgrades so pay red zone price for blue zone seating... poncho seating may have been painful to crane your neck so i recommend sitting in the first few rows of orchestra or the last few rows of poncho. unless you wantt to wear a silly poncho and risk getting just a tad dirty. come without skepticism and you will have lots of fun! relax!!! come with an open mind and you'll definitely enjoy it.
3	I heard this was a comedy group so I was expecting some stand-up or something along those lines.  Little did I know I was in for a visually and auditory rollercoaster!The biggest selling point of this show is that it's interactive.  I guarantee that you will laugh.  You may not think so at first, but trust me, it's hard not to catch the Blue Man giggles once you're exposed long enough to their off-kilter brand of humor.I'm only giving this show 3 stars, though, because I wouldn't pay money to see them again (whereas I totally would for Phantom of the Opera or The Lion King).  Also, not being much of a drummer, I don't think I was able to appreciate the Blue Men's musical talents as much.  For what it's worth, my boyfriend, who is a drummer, gives this show 5 stars!
4	I LOVED this show, even though my friends fell asleep. I enjoyed the hilarity as I thought the entire piece was entertaining. I had the opportunity to meet up with the Blue Man group after the show, and they are quite amusing. The show is great, the music is great, and the venue at the Venetian is beautiful.
4	So I have officially seen this show too many times (4). It's a great show and I definitely recommend it but I don't recommend going that many times as it gets very repetitive and kind of boring. They have really not done much to change the show in 5 or 6 years since I first saw it. That's part of the reason why I knocked a star off.The show is still entertaining and awkwardly funny. There are many great parts and they are great at interacting with the crowd.If I had to call out one other thing that bothers me about this show its that there are moments in the show when you wish they would speed up their act a little more or find better filler in between.Good show for kids as long as they are not freaked out by big blue alien looking men :)
4	It's a great show but I agree, it's a little over rated. I've sat in the first few rows a few times now and they give you ponchos to wear as if you're gonna get sprayed with their colored water paint (whatever it is) but you never get any on you. it would be a LOT more fun if it went all out into the audience but it never does.  It's more of a hype then anything else.The show it itself is good but very very random with the things they do. They really have no focus point on the show or theme.  There are parts that are funny and I love their facial expressions too. The biggest waste of time in the show is then they take an audience member and put them in a jumpsuit and helmet and take them back stage and then switch to a fake camera and they show the person getting covered in blue paint and they bring that person back out. It's such a fake and waste of time. I have no idea what they were thinking during this part of the show.It's worth seeing if it's free, but I'd NEVER pay for this show. It's not worth it. I'm glad I didn't pay.
4	Overall the show is well done. It's not something you need to go back and see several times but definitely once. Even though they don't speak you're engaged and audience participation makes it fun as well.*Warning*  If you do sit in the front row, near the middle, you WILL get stuff on you! You do wear a plastic poncho which is fine for 3/4 of your body but the bottom of your legs and shoes will get mooshed banana on them. It does come off but requires washing, something you can't just go to the bathroom and fix.
5	omg..so funny..i would come back to see it..i thought i was late..but nope..someone else was and they were made fun of..the location is a bit hidden and the show really starts on time..buy tickets when its on sale or check out travelzoo..the show is funny and the music is awesome..if you sit close enough u can get splash..but u do get to rain plastic raincoats..
4	This is the best show I have seen in Vegas! (penn & teller, zumanity, criss angel, and other shows)It is a unique and entertaining experience unlike anything else.
1	How did this show survive in Las Vegas for more than 10 years and still charge more than $100?For such level of entertainment, I would the most pay $40. Other than penn and teller, this is one of the worst shows that I had seen in Vegas. Way too over rated and time wasting. No wonder, it is less half filled on a spring break and Easter weekend. Put your money on on any Cirque shows or magic shows than on this junk.
4	Good show,  third time in ten years seeing it, getting kinda dated but super great for first timers, one of the cheaper shows in vegas to see.
5	I cannot recommend this show enough. It is one of the pricier shows in Vegas, but I can without hesitation say it was worth every penny. The music is engaging, and their ability to convey messages without speaking is brilliant. Audience interaction is usually a cheesy affair, but I think it was cleverly executed here. Never once did I think, "when is this going to end?" How anyone could find zero entertainment in this show is beyond me. And if you are the type to bring the kids to Vegas, its family friendly as well. My only negative thing to say would be that if you've seen the show once, you've seen it all, and there isn't much need to return again.
5	AMAZING SHOW! Second time I've seen it. The first time game me a slight headache, but still... It's an amazing experience.
4	music is good and  worth the buck
4	I wanted to save my 300th Yelp review for something special, and Blue Man Group fits the bill perfectly.  The first time I came to see the BMG was with my new wife about 9 years ago at the Luxor.  I really enjoyed the show back then, and was excited to see it again now that it is at the Venetian.  This time my wife and I went with a few BMG newbies, who seemed to love the show.  I still really liked it too, but I can only give it 4 stars as the show is nearly identical to what it was 9 years ago.  I would have expected that with time, and a venue change, that the show would have had more significant changes, but I only noticed a few minor differences.  Many of the main performance pieces were the same, and it didn't 'wow' me as much as my first time.I think that Blue Man Group is a must see when visiting the Las Vegas strip.  I would describe it as a percussion heavy rock show with comedic sketches and Vegas flare mixed in.  It is fun and has great audience interaction. The show has really held up well over the years and still feels current.  However, it is not the type of show that I would want to see over and over again.  BMG is a great show to see once, but I don't plan on going back to see it again for awhile unless they completely revamp the performance.
4	Something you have to experience at least once!  I think the ticket prices for the show makes this a 4 star experience instead of a 5 star experience, but there are plenty of groups on the strip that sell discounted tickets to the show.The music and presentation of this show was phenomenal.  Also, if you just feel like having clothes to wash later, you can sit in the first 5 rows, with provided ponchos on, and allow the Blue Man Group to pound away on their drums and other props, and splash various things on you, which includes washable paint.  As I said, everyone should do this at least one time.  I am sure you will not be disappointed.
4	I really have no idea how to dscrobe this show. It's interactive,mit has fantastic percussion music and some laughs.I enjoyed it well enough, but there were parts where I did wonder when they would get on with something else. When I purchased the ticket from tix4tonite, I thought what the heck, we'll go for the poncho seats and all in all it was a pretty good call. We were right in the front row and frankly, we could have gone the whole show without one. However, the anticipation of potentially needing that poncho kinda added excitement.At the end of the show, they sold a painting made during the show for $60. My hubby liked the show enough to take it. While I don't know if I like the idea of selling it per se, I kinda ok with giving the audience a chance to have a fair shake at getting a truly unique show momento.Would I go again? Probably not because there are plenty of other shows I want to see, but I am glad I went for the Blue Man experience.
2	Ummm... don't know what to say except the show kinda sucked. For a supposed 'elite' Vegas attraction it was kind of boring. After you get used to three guys in blue makeup there isn't really anywhere to go with the concept. There are backup musicians with neon colored outfits who are cool, and a spinning statue that looks like it's moving that interesting. I think the whole "blue man thing" is played-out. Might've been innovative 15 years ago but I don't think they've updated the concept in any way. Time to evolve or else die. We got half-off locals tickets and sat in the poncho section but felt a little like we overpaid. Have been offered free tickets since but didn't want them. Not the worse show I've ever seen but not worth the money.
1	I have no idea why such high ratings.  Honestly, I am writing to save people some money and spend on another show.  The show had some very dull skits with audience participation, which left many of us saying "huh?" and waiting 2 hours for something really exciting to happen, which didn't.  If you want to watch 3 men dressed in blue faces pounding the drums and skits that were amature-like then spend your over 80 bucks ticket to watch them.
5	IMPORTANT NOTE:  This is *not* a support group for depressed men!  (oh, Tobias!)So far, this is my favorite Las Vegas show to see.  Located at the Venetian, you get to see three guys with rubbery-looking blue skin clown around and play various non-standard percussion instruments.  There's no talking at all, but it's very music-intensive and visually engaging!  It's very humorous throughout the whole thing, and there's a healthy level of crowd-involvement, which adds to the fun.  There's even a "splash-zone" or whatever you want to call it; the first few rows get cheap plastic ponchos to wear.  Not for me, but the folks over there looked like they were having fun!We paid for our tickets from Tix4Tonight, and it worked out well.  We saved a few bucks going through them, and we just had to pick up our actual tickets from the box office at the Venetian before the show.  (The earlier you pick up your tickets, the better seats you can get).
2	Went to this show a couple of years ago with my parents. Great show to take your kids, but not so great for older people. The novelty of 3 guys in blue suits pounding on drums got stale really quick. Also, their audience participation bits were pretty lame/cheesy (ex: putting a spotlight on people coming late).Would not see this show again.
2	Extremely disappointing, we felt the show was VERY sloooooooow.  We kept waiting for it to pick up, and frankly it never did.  The people around us shared this opinion.  I would skip this show in lieu of much better Vegas shows.
3	Cheesy jokes!  At times, they look scary to me too!Bought the VIP tickets (yelp deals) for private meet and greet, which is totally not worth it because you can just take pictures with them outside.Save your money and go to other shows, unless u got an extra day in Vegas to waste.
4	I've been wanting to see them for a long time. I'm glad that I've finally gone. At times, it feels like a sensory overload... music basting, florescent paint on stage and great rhythm. They work some silent jokes (they don't talk) into the show and you do get some laughs. It's very visual, and quite difficult to describe.
4	This was a light-hearted way to spend an evening. We were up front, just behind the poncho section, so got to see lots of the blue men wandering around and interacting with the crowd.  I'd consider seeing the show again.
5	This show was AMAZING!My favorite show BY FAR in Vegas. It was innovative, captivating and just downright awesome.The Blue Man Group really kept me entertained the entire time I was there. The lights and the music was amazing! They really put on a great show and I am so glad I waited to see them now!They get the crowd involved and it is so funny!!!!Seriously, go! IT'S AWESOME!
3	I don't get it... it's not cultural, so it can't be because I'm some kind of culture-less slob... I try to find something good to say about everything, but I can't think of anything.
3	There aren't many shows in Vegas that are suitable for younger kids. This one is. We got the least expensive $75 tickets that seated us at the corner by the exits (in case we had to make a dash for it, you see!) and were pleasantly surprised to find that no one wanted the corner seats- so we had no one in front of us and a clear uninterrupted line of vision to the stage!The show in itself is a blend of percussion and paint play, lots of goofy jokes and heavy light-sound effects.Towards the end, the performers unfurl spool after spool of  paper on the audience. Good fun!At the end of the show, the blue men come out for a photo opp.The Blue Man Group performs nightly at the Venetian, and they have had a great run so far. Just three stars because I personally would have liked to have seen fewer jokes and more hard hitting stunt action from them.
5	Sat in the first row , AMAZING from beginning to end, this is a must see , better than gambling
4	I hope I can review this show properly since it was so fun! Our group was able to get discounted VIP tickets through Yelp Spring Break that includes amazing seats and backstage passes after the show. If it wasn't for the discounted tickets, the VIP tickets weren't worth it. The meet and greet was awkward and you only get to meet one of the three blue men. You don't need VIP tickets to meet the Blue Man Group because the other two were outside taking photos with other audience when I came outside.Overall, the show is for folks that appreciate art and drumming! You are enveloped into the music and colors blasting at you in every possible way. I would recommend seeing this show once in your life, but it's not something I would repeat. The drinks were strong here and the seats conveniently had cup holders for us!Live music is the best and when there's comedy improv added to the show, it's bombididilicous! Go see it and harass those blue men!!! I know our group made them quite uncomfortable with our Yelp's scavenger task, hah!
5	loooveeed the show!! omg. it was so funny that my cheeks were hurting from laughing. i thought the show went by super fast though :( i was surprise it was over. also, they splash water on the first few rows !! i was kinda scared i was going to be wet..lol because i sat right behind the "wet zone".
1	Why why why...why do they charge so much for the quality of this show.I would pay $30 and $40 max for this.The show is pretty slow.They try hard to make you laugh but it just fails in so many ways.Why is there so many hype about this show.? There publicity is great, but the show is truly a waste of time.They would grab an audience to eat some twinkie and have fun with it really??? Paid $75 for this... My dog can do this for free and entertain me even better.They try so much to be artistic...but it was all lame.I thought I would be amaze with this show, but those 3 gay boys was a waste of time.PLEASE, please, go save your money and watch something else.heck.. I took my children to circus circus 10 min show and it is even better than this. There is so many unoccuppied seats reason it shows that this show sucks. Get some clue Vegas, take out this show. And...in the end they put toilet paper on the audience..OKAY??? What is the point? to have fun.  Maybe this how they came out with the idea..The producers sat on the toilet.1st producer seating on the toilet; "I have an Idea, lets throw some toilet paper to the audience, I think that would be fun." 2nd Guy seating on the toilet; "Yup, our shows is crap anyways, lets wipe it in the end"note to self.......To avoid going to your therapist, please  stay home and watch youtube to entertain yourself rather than paying blue gay group. You will be much happier.Love,Self.
1	I guess it's because I'm not an artistic/creative enough person- I just don't understand why some people (like my own brother) think this show is great. My BF and I saw this show for free, yes free, and he was still upset about having used our time to watch it. We wanted to walk out but since it's an interactive show, we didn't feel like being called out and embarrassed, so we stuck with it until the end.
5	I invited my nephew and his friend into town to celebrate their high school graduation. I asked what they wanted to do and this is what they picked. We loved it. It was fun (we laughed a lot), kind of spooky at times, and interactive. Without saying a word those guys had a whole lot to say. The show is a commentary on many topics. The show had layers and I appreciated that. It was great to be entertained and challenged all at the same time. And if you want pictures with the group they stand right out in the lobby after the show.
1	DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! We bought discount tickets for $85...We wouldn't go again if you gave us free tickets. They were not funny...bored me for the first 50 mins then I had to endure the rest of the show.
3	Great show. We got "poncho" seats up front.  In some respects that was good since you a could clearly see the blue men, but in other respects you continually feared goo/water/something else getting splashed on you.  Another con is that It might be hard to see the action that sometimes migrates into the crowds. Don't mean to give anything away, but it's a show you see once, but probably won't see again, because it will probably be the same.  With that said, I found it very funny, witty, and entertaining.  We lucked out and got some pictures with the blue men and musicians afterwards. That was very very cool!
5	I'm not much of a fan as far as the shows on the strip go. I love concerts but the Cirques and so on are just OK to me. I'm from Vegas so maybe I'm just over it.When I was given 2 tickets to see Blue Man Group I was like oh here we go again another show on the strip.I was so darn surprised at how much I loved this show. I loved it so much I paid for 2 tickets a few weeks later to take my brother. I had a smile on my face the whole time.I recommend this show to anyone local or visiting it is such a fun date/girls night/family night all around kind of show. It is one that is great for kids too!The price for the tickets I bought were $147.50 per person plus a convenience fee.I was bummed to find out the ticket prices had gone up so much. When I went before the tickets were $80 per person and I thought that was a lot. I was looking this time to take friends that are coming into town but at these prices I am just glad I got to enjoy it when I did. I suppose if you can afford it then why not splurge but I will pass unless the prices go down.
4	Very entertaining.  Great show for the money.  And there are no bad seats.
5	You walk into this show, not knowing what to expect except 3 bald blue guys in black. Which I think is great, because attendees are in for a treat! I've seen BMG in NYC twice, and twice in Vegas (in support of my cousins). They're fun and hilarious by just their actions and simple props, and the music is friggin awesome! Love how they get the crowd interacted as well, and you can meet them after the show as well. Highly recommend checking them out if you're in need of a show to watch in LV!
4	I think the show is entertaining, eccentric, funny, and odd all rolled into one. It has a bit of comedy, some excellent music, some silly jokes and some bright paint. My favorite part was the lights featuring the "Cowboys". If you go to the show, you'll know what I'm talking about. Toilet paper is also a part of the show. I won't tell you how :-) You will have to go and experience it for yourself. Honestly, I liked it okay. But my kids and husband absolutely LOVED it! It's worth it to go just once and try it out. You never know!
5	Love this show. Have seen them twice now and hard to describe. Pure creativity that makes you smile.
2	It was ok. Not worth the hype or the ticket price. Great music. Very talented musicians and overall artists but the content of the show was a bit void of substance. It began to touch on the surface of some interesting ideas but it didn't really follow any of them through making it a bit of a bore. A lot of time wasted with audience participation and walking through the crowd several times throughout the 1.5hr show to pick people out. I get that they are trying to make a commentary on society but it's extremely watered down to the point where it's practically empty of any meaning. Music and special effects was the best part about it, as well as the gimmicky quick thrills used throughout to keep the audience's attention in what was an otherwise boring and uneventful show. I wonder if the NY version is the same or if this one is specifically dummed down for the people that frequent Vegas vs. the cultured NY theater goers. This same show in NY, Chicago, London or LA would be a joke. I yawned a few times. I get what they were trying to do but they didn't take it all  the way. Fail. A good time, but not worth $75-$200 per ticket.
5	Took my family who was visting from Oregon with my husband and daughter to Blue Man on Saturday.  I scored B1G1F tickets and I chose Poncho Row 2 and did not tell the family about the seat location till we turned our tickets in and they directed us to our seats.  My family was so excited and laughing when they saw they had to put ponchos on.  The view was amazing we were right there able to see their cool no smile face expressions - just loved it.  Everytime we thought we could get thrown on us paint, cereal or marshmellows my daughter would yell out while covering up "OH NO here we go" which was so cute.  I loved the interaction with the audience which a funny part is when someone is late to the show they embarras them by stopping the show and having a spot light on them.  The music is awesome and the shows build up to the end is very exciting. The end with the toliet paper coming from the back to the front of the stage was out of this world.  Giggles and more giggles all the way.  What was funny the people in the front row had mounds and mounds of toliet paper all over them.  Funny!  Just loved the show.  My cousin texted me from Oregon today and thanked me for getting the best seats and for a great time.   Thanks to Blue Man for offering the Locals special - You ROCK!
1	This show sucks!!!! Negative five stars. Don't waste your money
4	Going to be honest. Before we attended the show, we had NO IDEA what Blue Man Group was about, or what they did. I probably wouldn't have even bought tickets to the show if my best friend didn't recommend it.Out of the three different shows we saw in Vegas this week, Blue Man Group was our favorite. Be aware that they warn you AHEAD of time that there will be strobe lights and extreme audience interaction. So if your review mostly complains about that, then you're an idiot.A LOT of humor in this show. Probably because the Blue Man Group have no facial impressions other than the blank stare. It's almost like they're talented children that are mentally impaired. Some of my favorite segments were the scientific facts they shared, the percussion performances, light shows, and how they can embarrass you as an audience member (One couple was called out and zoomed up upon on the big screen for walking in really late. During the other instant, the group halted their performance because a woman in the front section got up to go to the bathroom).My best friend advised me to attend the show intoxicated. I went sober...and completely loved it!
1	HORRIBLE!!! What a waste of money. The show was terribly slow. Not funny. Seats were extremely uncomfortable. The guy next to me was totally on top of me   Save your money and find a different show.
4	Even a year on, I'm struggling to rationalise this show!I suppose the best way to sum it up would be to say that you'll have a unique evening's entertainment and in some way, the show probably means something different to everyone as there's such a variety of different sketchesI had been careful to avoid the first few rows, which I noticed with a happy smile, were being issued with rain jackets as they entered. You have been warned!The show featured the eponymous blue men entertaining with a series of unconnected zany sketches using sound, movement, props and lots of audience participation. There is no escape. You have been warned!All throughout the performance, I couldn't help being undecided whether the Blue Man Group were geniuses (some items like the ping pong ball routine were great) or whether I'd been conned into paying for what are a series of zany but not the most skilful sketches. You have been warned!Overall, I'm giving 4 stars because I was entertained but I won't return. With so may other good shows in town, there's too much choice out there
5	Maybe we are easily amused or maybe we were just tired of all the Cirque shows along the strip but we really enjoyed Blue Man Group.  Unlike other shows that remain on stage, the Blue Man Group entertains on and off the stage.  There is humor, some segments about society, and just plain fun to be had.  Also this show is for everyone as we saw everyone from seniors to teens having fun.  The show is also very loud on some parts and almost still tranquility in some parts with the Blue Men using only their expressions to create.  We sat in row 5 and although we were issued ponchos we didn't necessarily get spewed on; although some other parts of the "splash zone" did get splattered on. Tips:*Sign up for the players card at the Venetian and you can save like $30 per ticket.*Buy stuff from the gift shop after the show so you don't have to worry about lugging stuff in the theater.*Be prepared as you might be chosen for some one-on-one Blue Man action.*The Blue Men actually take time to take pictures with everyone after the show so that was fantastic.
4	While Blue Man Group is not exactly my type of show (I gravitate more to Cirque or dance based performances), I could definitely appreciate it and had a good time. Note: Picking up tickets is a bit difficult- if possible, I'd pick them up hours before the show starts. We arrived at 9:15 and there was a long line at will-call. As far as the show itself  goes, there is lots of audience interaction from the outset- -before the show actually starts, they get the audience yelling out things-  and a few bits where they pull "random" (maybe planted) members of the audience out of the crowd and onto stage with them.   It is definitely loud- lots of banging, loud musical numbers, and a little strange and messy, but that's the point of it.  If you're sitting in the "splatter zone", you'll be given ponchos to cover your clothes. That's a good idea!  I was impressed by how the Blue Men,  the props, or the music could make things funny without saying a word. It is appropriate for all ages, and I found that I actually learned a thing or two.  Some acts require reading things either projected on/above the stage, or held on cards by the Blue Men themselves.  Luckily, the theatre is pretty small so you're able to see things clearly, and I don't think there is truly a "bad seat" in the house.There were several people who'd seen the show multiple times, and while I enjoyed it, I'm not sure if it is a show that I'd see over and over again. Some of the acts lag a little bit, and I did find myself getting weary a time or two, but that may just be because we went to the 10pm show.  Overall, though, I found myself with a smile on my face, chuckling, giggling, or oohing for the majority of the time. The ending was definitely a fun experience, although your hair might get a little messed up!
4	Was not sure what to expect from a show that has been around so long - The show if very entertaining and from start to finish the group keeps you engaged - not much down time or slow spots that you may get at some other shows. Overall - the blue man group gets a big Thumbs UP!
5	This is my first time going to see Blue Man Group. We were coincidentaly staying in the Venetian as well so it was really convenient. My husband and I went with my mom, grandma, and my cousin. The show was non-stop LMAO the entire time. Great music, great acts-You should get there early because I heard that they have a little audience participation segment before the show. And be sure to sign up for the players card at the Venetian and you can save like $30 per ticket or a seat upgrade. During the show they pulled my 86 year old grandmother on the stage for one of their skits that was just hilarious!I did not know that the guys came out after the show for pics, I would have definately taken advantage of that.
2	I have heard a lot of great reviews and after multiple trips to Las Vegas over the years we finally decided to check it out. The show was entertaining, but became redundant. When the show was over I left asking myself, "That's it?". I do not think it was worth the money we paid for those tickets. I have seen the show, checked it off my list and will not be going back.
4	I really enjoyed Blue Man Group.  They're innovative and fun.  Surprising in parts.  They are very loud, so bring ear plugs if you're at all sensitive.
3	I saw the Blue Man Group last week with high expectations. It is one of the longest running shows in Las Vegas (although it is moving soon to the Monte Carlo) and is performed in a few other cities across the country. Understandably, I was excited.And while there were many great scenes, I thought the show lacked continuity. The three blue men would spend 5-10 minutes beating on drums and then for seemingly no reason start climbing the chairs in the audience. Then in the next scene they performed a very impressive marshmellow throwing trick (I won't spoil it) that seemed really random in execution. While everything they did was impressive, I've seen similar things done on the streets of Las Vegas Boulevard. I was especially confused with what each had to do with one another.The show does get points for humor though. The comedic timing of the three blue men was terrific and there were at least a couple full laugh-out-loud moments. They also had some fun audience participation that would presumably make each show a little different. Plus it was very simple, slap stick humor, so it was appropriate for the whole family.Ultimately, I enjoyed the show but it just didn't live up to the hype or the price.
3	So, I got to see the new script or production, but I don't know the difference between the first production and the new production. Overall, I enjoyed it. They're very funny! I know, super spoil alert, but it is a very audience interactive show. They tossed party paper around the theater, and threw these gigantic balls to toss around (insert the pun drum here). Music was very upbeat and fun. It makes you want to get up and dance to it. I wouldn't mind purchasing their soundtrack for it. I think the theme of the show didn't really strengthen the Blue Man Groups's presentation and their performance though. I think that if they did a better story plot it would be even cooler, but the story plot kind of threw off the show a bit. I would suggest....more smoke! more paint! Also, can I get a piece of artwork please?!?! It is a must see show though. You just gotta see these guys perform for the MUSIC and the special effects and their awesome sense of humor!
5	They are at the Monte Carlo now.  What a fun show.  If you're not ready for a good time, you better not go ;)
2	I saw Blue Man Group about 8 years ago at the Luxor (I think) and because we couldn't get tickets to the new Cirque show Zarkana at the Aria last minute, I thought it would be fun to see Blue Man again because my husband had never seen them. We heard the show was new and they were now in a new theater at the Monte Carlo. Our concierge at the Vdara got us good seats at a discount ($150 on Ticketmaster, but we got ours for $95), so we figured, "why not"? What a waste of time and money. It was slow. It was not funny. And many parts were just plain weird. And I normally really like weird. When I saw BlueMan before there were nonstop beats, lots of fun bits, surprises, and smart humor. Not so here. The audience seemed puzzled and often bored. Bemused might be overstating it. Some parts seemed unimaginatively recycled (the wonders of plumbing?) and even the stuff that was supposed to be about modern technology felt stale and old. The special effects, props, and set designs were not up to Las Vegas standards at all. While there were some cool things, they were few and far between. Much of the show seems cheaply and hastily thrown together with little continuity and less thematic structure than a street performer routine. Blowing smoke rings into the audience --WTH for? The musicians (not in Blue Man get-up and not on stage all the time) were very good and appeared to be the only people in the theater having fun. The worst part was as it was wrapping up into a forced "dance party", where the only fun part was all the names they used for "bootie, I asked my husband what time it was, thinking we must have been there for about 2.5 hours.  It was only 8:20 pm. The whole show lasted 85 minutes, but it felt like we had been there forever. Don't waste your money. Or your time. BTW -- I saw BlueMan group once in concert too when they toured the country with Tracy Bonham and the group Venus Hum back in like 2003 or something and it was a fantastic show.
3	Good show, entertaining and humor, I was quite pleased. There was some technical problem during the show and it stopped for 30 minutes.
4	Entertaining and funny! Have seen Blue Man Group performed before in Boston and Las Vegas (the Venetian i think) and it's still entertaining as ever. Although some parts were somewhat performed before already still funny as heck. Great show :)
1	Even if you get FREE tickets throw them in the trash...better yet...BURN THEM so there is no chance someone will find them and use them.  Definitely don't give them to anyone...Friends don't let friends go to Blueman Group!!!!!!  Ok...a little of why I feel this way.  This was the cheapest, cheesiest, most unprofessional "show" (I use the word "show" very loosely) I've ever seen. About half way through I actually felt like I was ripped off and had money stolen from me!!!!  There is no way the hotel doesn't realize that this is a terrible waste of theater space but allows it to draw in SUCKERS based on its history and past popularity.  SHAME ON THEM!!!!!  Do the right thing Monte Carlo and let this show die the death it deserves. On to the show. The first thing that struck me was the lighting.  It was WAY too bright and pointed right at the audience.  It was annoying and made us wince.  It was uncomfortable to look at the stage.  Then came the "tricks". One guy threw colored gum balls into the mouth of another guy 10 feet away and then he spit colored water onto a paint canvas.  "WOW"... NOT!!!!!  He also missed half of them.  Then he turned and threw marshmallows into the mouth of the other guy who was about 10' away.  This was A LITTLE more impressive since he ended up taking 20 or so into his mouth (missing more than he should also)and then "coughed up" a tower of gooey marshmallows then put it into one of the "audience member" purse.  At this point I thought I was watching the kids version of this "show" even though it was the 10 pm show. It gets worse from here.  They "pretend" to put a camera down the throat of an "audience member".  An "audience member" that had a BLUE TOUNGE and some BLUE make up residue on his neck.  These losers don't even put the effort in to conceal this stuff...along with watching them do wardrobe changes behind the props.  The "effects" were so cheap and cheesy.  I wouldn't dare add "special" in front of "effects".  The only parts I laughed at was the pre-show where they put some funny things about audience members on an electric sign and then one "skit" where they brought up a "possible real audience member".  The skit itself was stupid revolving around the bluemen apparently discovering Twinkies.  It was very childish and unfunny but her reactions "seamed" to be genuine and funny.  There were more nonsensical skits where my girlfriend and I looked at each other asking what the hell was funny about that or what message were they trying to send. Then they played the pipes but in my option the sound was pre-recorded. You could hear the drum sticks hitting the "cardboard" pipes but they BLASTED thumping sounds from the speakers.  I won't waste any more of my time with any of the other "skits" but I thought I was at a high school "comedy" show.  Then the end came (thank god!!!)  Large helium balls dropped from the ceiling and toilet paper shot into the audience (HUH?????) while they did their signature water drum playing. (for maybe a whole 2 minutes!!!!) The audience hit the balls into the air like a beach ball at a rock concert while the ushers gathered up the toilet paper from the isles and THREW IT BACK ON TO THE AUDIENCE.  WTF????????????????????   I will never set foot into the Monte Carlo again (unless it's to get my money back).  BTW...on top of all that the tickets said 10pm, the schedule said 10pm, my e-mail confirmation said 10pm but when we checked in at 9:25 they said they moved to show to 9:30 so we should "go right in".  WTF???????  Oh...and the theater was half empty.  For good reason I now see.  DON'T GO AND TELL YOUR FRIENDS NOT TO GO!!!!!!!!
4	I have seen Blue Man three times and I'm definately a fan!  This show is great for all ages, perfect for a date night, or with a fun group of friends for a night out! If you love music then this is a must see with an incredible house band and of course the amazing blue men. If you are a Vegas local then make sure you get a houseseats account because the Blue Man Group comes up about once a month so you can see it for FREE! The toilet paper encore is my favorite!
1	Good thing we didn't pay for the tickets. The show is lame, boring and lacks sense of humor. Some of our friends who watched it with us liked it though, but me and my husband thinks it's a waste of time. I only like the part where they ask audience to participate. Some stunts are just too plain, the whole time i was yawning. Nothing compared to other shows i have seen. We live here in Vegas and for me, i really think it is a rip off. Well, i guess shows like this sells to tourist, but definitely this is one show that i would not recommend to any of my friends visiting Vegas!
4	Saw this at Monte Carlo....Good show and humor, I was quite pleased. There was some technical problem during the show and it stopped for 30 minutes.
4	This is the new 2012 production at the Monte Carlo.I've seen BMG in their various incarnations in Vegas, most recently a few years back at the Venetian.  I was concerned that there might be a lot of recycled material in the new show but I'd say easily 40-50% of it is completely new - lots of it focusing on smartphones, neurons, butts and balls.The ending has changed - but fear not!  it's still awesome, though in a completely new and refreshed way with some original music that you'll keep humming for hours... and as much as I LOVE The KLF, it was time for some new music.(but yeah the ending doesn't require nearly as much crepe paper... though there is still some. :)I only knocked a star off because it's still a _brand new_ show (premiered first in Orlando back in the spring; opened in October? in Vegas) and there are some minor issues with pacing & choreography - plus a technical glitch of unknown origin prevented them from opening the doors to the theater until  just 10 minutes before our showtime.  If I were to go back (and I suspect I will at some point) I am sure that the show will tighten up a lot over the coming months.Clubs should seriously take note of how the BMG show ends and incorporate some of those ideas...
3	I got free tix from work and it's better than before.  The latest version is about 50% new from the previous Venetian show.  I am not going to get into the details of each part because that would ruin it but the ending was a lot more fun in this one.There's no point in getting poncho seats because nothing will be spilled on you.  You may get hit by a jello mold but that's about it.  So lame and tame.Not exactly a first tier show and there will be (are) plenty of people who just don't get it.  But if you dig percussion and/or just smoked a fatty, this show just might work out for you.  $125 is still too steep for BMG.  I would rate this as a $50 show.
4	Fun show. Saw it twice.
5	I think maybe the Blue Zoo cocktail we had before the show, which came in collectible 24 oz. plastic containers, played a part in how we received the performance. But those drinks could not have  been the only reason we had a blast at the Blue Man Group's updated show at the Monte Carlo on the Las Vegas Strip. The show has moved from it's old location. I'm not sure where it was, and who cares? This show left me laughing and feeling so positively hyped like I haven't experienced since I don't know when. The performers in Blue Man Group succeed at connecting with everybody in the audience without saying one word...or uttering a single sound. By the end of a top-notch, super professional, technically savvy, not to mention "out there" performance, performers and audience were totally in sync with each other. The performance ranged from how smart phones and touch pads pervade everything we do, to how the brain fires synapses complete with mind blowing visuals. The whole  show is full of clever social commentary to boot, including a direct jab at the casinos right outside the theater doors. All the fun ends in something akin to a rave complete with club kids, toilet paper rolls shooting through the air, and giant balls bouncing throughout the theater. There are people who don't like this show for whatever reason; screw them, All I know is that I was thoroughly entertained for an hour and a half laughing my ass off the whole time.
3	3.5 stars. I can tell they put some effort into the show, but there was a lot of awkward pauses in the show of them searching for an audience member or just dragging out a scene for way too long. It's kind of like listening to that bad coworker of yours beat a bad joke to death because he thinks you didn't get the punchline, when really... it just wasn't funny.I'll admit, there were parts of the show I straight up didn't "get" but it was fun when there was something going on. Overall, not sure I'd go again, but it was a good experience to see what everyone's been talking about .
5	I will NOT spoil this show for you!! :) But yay! Best part of Vegas are the shows!!I must say, all their mens are blue! lol The show is super funny-- you will laugh and might even get wet if you sit in the first few rows. So, be ready!! I've watched this show before (last year), and noticed some changes in the show--that's good! It's a loud show that will keep you very entertained! There is a bar inside--so you can get your drinks! ;) About the tickets: price varies. I am not sure if you can get it discounted since I didn't buy those tickets...:) But I am sure there is military discount! Good luck!
4	I saw this show on our honeymoon and I have to say it was very entertaining.  The mix of high energy drums and effects is great fun and would be an excellant Family show.
4	Third time seeing the blue guys over the years (first at the Luxor, second at the Venetian). The show at the Monte Carlo apparently got started just a title while ago, and while its newness occasionally shows through in the production, I suspect they'll have a long and successful run here as well.About half the show is significantly changed up from the previous one at the Venetian, with much of the new pieces focusing on robots and technology. They've also introduced some very impressive lighting and projection effects, as well as a good dose of pleasantly eccentric new weirdness both before the opening and ending the show. I also loved the little touches of humor which infuse the production, from the theme music in the bathrooms to the stocking caps on the giant floating eyeballs which greet the audience as you enter the theater.As usual, the  trio of Blue Men is accompanied by a strong backing band featuring three percussionists, a keyboardist, and guitars. While walking through the Monte Carlo before the show, we caught the backing band doing a very cool drum procession through the casino prior to getting into costume for the show. After the show, the band was also available (along with a "robot girl") to chat and take pictures with the fans--something that both me and my son very much appreciated.Although the show was definitely entertaining, it  stops shy of five stars for me primarily because it still seems to finding its way a bit, and seems torn between the new material and the old fan favorites. Musical synchronization for a couple of the robot scenes was a bit off and hopefully will tighten up as the show matures. For a veteran Blue Man veteran, I'd personally prefer if they more fully embraced the new material, rather than feeling like they needed to check off various of their iconic bits (spin art, Twinkies, etc.). Pacing of the show was also a little odd, with the big dance party denouement  jumping almost out of nowhere, only to revert back to the comparatively lower-energy paint-drumming bit that for years formed the Blue Man's visual brand. It would have seemed much more natural to me had they started with that much earlier, then ended on the dance party. As a fan of the Blue Man's musical arrangements, I'd also to see more expansive musical arrangements and more new melodic material in addition to the usual stellar percussion. (And heck, I'm saying this as a drummer myself!)All in all, a solid show, and highly entertaining. Both my son and I had a great time. I hope they keep tweaking it, however, and never stop being afraid to take chances.
2	I give the show a two star. There seems a lot of awkward pauses, where they would search for someone in the audience, and this would take like ten minutes just to find one person. I also feel that the jokes that they try to convey was not that funny, or some that I did not "simply" get. For the price of the show, this was not worth it for front row seats. Your experiences were probably the same in the back. Another thing was that there were some scenes where there wasn't any purpose of showing, because it was not funny, entertaining, or even part of the story line. Overall, I could have spent my money on a better show. Also, I feel that there were more music production rather than entertainment. I also feel that all these "cool" tricks or magic tricks were getting old, and was not original. A simple example of an old magic Trick would be a magician pulling a rabbit from his hat.
5	I was blue-wow'd the first time I saw this show- absolutely loved it!  The 2nd time I saw it, I loved it even more!
2	Very disappointed in this show. We kept waiting for the show to begin and it never quite did.  The entire show just didn't make any sense.  We found none of their skits or interactions with the audience funny. The new thing with the balls is similar to what goes on with beach balls at a baseball game, just larger while they shoot crepe paper at you and play rave music.  Don't waste your money.
4	This was a great show, kids will love it.
5	One word says it all "fantastic"!!This is a must-see show!!!
5	Most unique show I have ever been to. This is definitely a show that can only happen in a place like Vegas. The stage had yo be specifically set up for various things. If you're expecting just a typical comedy sketch, you've only come for the first 1/3rd of the show. The spectacle and the involvement of the crowd is pretty amazing. I really don't want to spoil anything so I'll just leave this review as broad as I can. Basically I think it is definitely worth the time to watch this show. For something that's not cirque du soleil they make this a real big spectacle and something very visually and musically appealing. The musicians are very talented and they do a great job with their facial expressions. So in basic the humor is subtle, so not really meant as a major comedy, but a great show!I got my tickets for here from the tix4tonight place for a discount and the theater isn't huge so I think anyone sitting in the back even would be able yo enjoy the show. So if you're right on money, don't fret. This is pretty large scale so I wouldn't worry about sitting near the back. You would Stoll have a good time. One of the audience member chosen to go up was sitting in the furthest back row!Also for anyone curious, the show apparently changed in October 2012 according yo the gift shop lady. It October 2011... She wasn't very clear about that. But if you went before those dates you should definitely see if this show changed after you went. I don't know what changed, but this show that I watched was spectacular!
5	It's probably a 4.5 or something, but I really liked this show :)! I'd like to see it again, too, and that most definitely deserves extra stars just because I'd want to see it again in a short span of time in between.They used to be at the Venetian Casino and then they moved over to the Monte Carlo. I saw both the one at the Venetian and the one at the MC. The changes were minimal but there's a new part of the show that's really fun. Super audience participation in that part! Won't spoil it for you ;).There's a bit of comedy in the show and there's also one part where they grab a lady from the audience to participate on stage. That part's ALWAYS hilarious. They're very color - eye - & music oriented and that's 3 pluses for me!It can be loud at times and that's just part of it. The music is awesome, and I just love all of it. There can be some slow parts but everybody likes different stuff.Definitely a must see (imo).
5	I like this show so much I've seen it twice. And that's the only time I've gone to see the same show twice, if that tells you anything. Blue Man Group has moved around a bit over the years. It started at the Luxor, then moved to the Venetian, and has now taken up residence at the Monte Carlo. Wherever it is by the time you read this, be sure and go see it.This is the type of show you could enjoy alone, with a date, or with a family. It's that versatile. I'd say it's kid friendly, too (just not infants or newborns as it might be scary and loud for them). The Blue Men are amazing characters. They never break role and really seem otherworldly. After a very short time watching them, you could easily be convinced they really are from another world. And they seem intrigued about every aspect of our own. The theater is very cool and some unusual stuff happens while you're there. The three blue guys make music with simple objects mixed with technology. The result is a rare treat for your eyes and ears. Yes, it's as much visual as it is auditory. I should mention the bands that back up the blue men. There are several of them and they are concert-worthy in and of themselves. They are up on high-rise cages above the blue men doing their artistic things. Playing a version of heavy metal/hard rock, these bands dress up in black outfits with glowing neon. And they can play their hearts out! The lighting in the place makes them look like red and blue neon skeletons jamming up in the sky. I love these bands. Oh, and make sure you stick around after the show out in the lobby area. The blue men AND those amazing bands pose for photos and autographs. They'll even stick a blue dot on your forehead if you ask them nicely.
2	Terrible!! 2 star for this show is more than enouch, I don't understand why some people laugh  with the toilet paper at the end.
5	Great show, though its a little pricy it's worth the time to check out. The show has its elements of laughter, intense lighting, paint and just is fun for everyone. After the show the cast stick around for photo opts and generally willing to "sign" something with famous blueprint.5 stars.
4	I went to New York for spring break in 99' and we saw their original show which was in a very off Broadway venue, and it was intimate and perfect.They told us back then that they were going to create a show for las vegas at one of the major casino's and I was stunned and thrilled since I am a vegas gal and that means I could get my blue man fix! I didn't think the show would translate so well, but the design of the set and the structure of the show was brilliant and easily felt just as intimate as the time I saw it in new york.Still one of the best vegas shows I have ever seen.The tickets are a little high, But I highly recommend it as a must when you visit las vegas!fyi:The humor is a little awkward at times and they never talk, so if you like something that is more performance art and less vegas shtick than you can appreciate this show and the true gem it is.
5	I don'e know what it was like before they got balls, but Blue Man Group was pretty awesome!My wife and I were deciding between the Blue Man show and some of the Cirque shows. Having seen a few Cirque shows and really enjoying them it was a tough decision, especially when the entirety of my exposure to Blue Man Group comes from Arrested Development. In the end I'm glad we came here because, while quite a different experience from the awe inspiring acrobatics of a Cirque show, the show had me laughing and I had a really great time.It was pretty cool that all the Blue Men, the band(s?) and robot all are out in the lobby after the show so people could get their pictures taken with them. These shows are all about an experience and that absolutely made it more memorable for me and you could tell for others, too, especially since they do somethings a little unique with for every picture. For them to be willing to take the time to pose for fans/patrons was a little cherry on top of the whole thing; to be sure it was not a huge gesture but nice that they even did it.I cannot help but point out that if you are going to buy tickets from them (as opposed to a 3rd party) you would be crazy or have a terrible grasp on the concept of money if you didn't sign up for the M life program to get discount tickets. I was the only thing I did after walking in to the Monte Carlo on my way to get tickets. It took me all of three minutes and saved me 20% - it was like a Geico commercial.On a tangent, I'm not a clubber by any means and have wondered for some time what exactly goes on in one of the "Mega-Clubs" in Vegas. I hate spoilers, but since a handful of reviews seem to cover the whole show I feel safe in saying the following. Regardless of what actually DOES go on in the clubs I will now and forever go on believing the strobe lights, music and balls are pretty much it.
4	From the Venetian (which was horrible) TO the Monte Carlo, with some changes to the show thrown in there.  MUCHO MUCHO BETTERO!!!  This show was how it used to be before all the budget cuts at the Venetian.  The show is decent/fun the first 3/4 and then they go out with a BANG BANG!!  The T.P. was back & the colorful bouncy balls were awesome!!  I definitely wanted to shack my lumps!Go to the lobby near the front desk and they have three faux Blue Men to paparazzi with.  They flippin' look real, see my pics.
5	Does it get any better?  I wanted to see this popular show, but neglected to purchase tickets until the last minute.  Lucky me, attending by myself, snagged a 7th row ticket for little-of-nothing!  But oh, now that I know, I would have paid full price and known its worth.I was entertained EACH moment of the show.  I didn't initially know what to expect, and it exceeded my expectations.  AWESOME performance!  Funny, original, surprising--just great!I heard they change performances every now and then.  So definitely something I'd do again.
5	Saw this last night and recommend it completely. I'm a fan of Blue Man and have seen them several times when they've done touring companies. Unfortunately it seems to always be the same Rock Concert show which is good don't get me wrong. But this show was new and different. I love the sequences and audience participation parts. A true sensory experience and hits you on numerous levels. I recommend this one completely!!!
5	SO! MUCH! FUN!I've never seen Blue Man Group before and had NO CLUE what to expect, but it was the hallmark of my trip; a Vegas must-see. The audience interaction was HILARIOUS, the music was awesome and the stage tech kept me grinning ear-to-ear for every minute of the show. However... the show probably appeals most to the 35-and-under crowd... either that or the people bashing it just don't know how to have fun, but I loved it.
5	I absolutely loved this show! It was funny, entertaining and way better than I had expected! I definitely recommend seeing it. :)
4	This show has some of the most amazing, cool and funny performances you may see in a live show and would highly recommend the show. However, not really a big fan of audience interaction and the process they used to pull guests up on stage for a couple of skits, clearly is meant to make the audience nervous. This is something that creates some cheap laughs and the resulting skits didn't really seem to be up to par with the rest of the show. I just got the feeling that these were really designed to fill some time and slowed the pace of the show.
5	loved this show but it wasn't what I expected. I thought it was gonna be a lot more drumming and a lot of paint and they didn't have very much of those two things but it was an amazing show and well worth the money.
5	Who doesn't love the Blue Man Group. This new show is way better than the old show they used to have. Get on board:)
5	I had an amazing time at this show.  This was my first LV show and the lighting, effects, technology, music, comedy, magic acts, and audience interaction made the ticket price worth it.  The "Blue Man Group Theater" at the Monte Carlo was very comfortable.  The doors open 20 minutes early and the audience is entertained while you are waiting for the show to start.  The show is approximately an hour and a half.  Tickets start around $65 and go up to over $100, but even if you get the $65 seats like I did, you will have a great view.  I really enjoyed this show!
5	Amazing as always.A perfect blend of music, comedy, color and lights.First saw a Blue Man Group show in Boston.  Las Vegas was my 2nd time seeing it, and in a large theater, it was absolutely amazing.Most memorable moment:  Someone shouted, "Play free bird!" and one of the guitarist just let 'er riff!
4	Ok,reading the negative reviews it seems to me that some people just do not get this type of humor.  Waiting and silence is funny,again,if you can roll with it.  The drummers are amazing, the effects are great.  The show does lag in parts but the ending is great.  Out of the 6 of us who attended, only 2 of us liked the show- we laughed from beginning to end.
1	Where do I start? What a waste of money, TIME, and a night of our Vegas vacation. The entire show from the beginning to the end was a complete disappointment. It was way too immature and boring- even for children. I enjoy the drums but this was just a lame show that I honestly would strongly discourage anyone from going to this show.
4	There's always money in the Monte Carlo.I took my friend Jaime W (that BITCH!) to the Blue Man Group for fa-ree because I la-la-love her and we had dined at Bacio earlier that evening. Instead of frozen bananas we ate Italian. Shoulda never gave up the animation rights. We did have a seating issue at the start (I thought it was maeby some hop-ons who had snuck into the theater) but the usher re-sat us closer to the stage. Molly love Blue Man Usher!I walked in expecting it to be a support group for depressed men, but it was, in fact, a performance-art trio of men painted blue. The show starts with the dudes throwing marshmallows at each other's mouths, and we would never know if one of them choked because nobody would notice if he turned blue.There are some Aztec tomb-style magic tricks, machines that sort of look like birds (Has anyone in this family ever SEEN a chicken?), but unfortunately, no Segways make appearances. You'd think with all the technology being showcased here, they'd want to give us a little scare with a Segway. Come on!Nobody had to say goodbye to these, zip anything up, and there were no hot cops present. This is a show sans pop-pop, so it's family friendly. (All Arrested Development aside, this is a pretty decent show. They could trim 30 minutes off it and it would still be enjoyable since it's a lot of repetitive music---yep, you bang on shit and it makes cool noises, then it builds and builds and it's really loud. We get it...It's audience heavy and heavily relies on screens. Also I don't believe they are always playing their instruments. There I said it.)And that's why you always leave a note.
5	Excellent revamped show recently relocated from Venetian.Worth the $$$. Titalating audio and visual, comedic show. One to watch while you're in town or a simple night in town. We sat right next to the VIDEO/AUDIO booth which wasn't a horrible seat. I think if you seat within 10 rows from the back is kind of cheating yourself, but still a pretty small theater so bang for your buck. Buy early to choose quality seat.I have not gone to the other location, but this is a spectacular Vegas experience.
5	In my opinion this show is MUCH better, a lot better props, some of the old skits, but overall the show is a crowd pleaser....the ending is so much fun!
3	I saw BMG about five years ago and again tonight. Both times I can't seem to figure out what all the hype is. I find the show pretty boring and almost fell asleep both times.I think it's probably good for some people but just not really my thing, I guess.
5	How else can you describe their show other than a fantastically unique and notable experience. The sounds, the sights, the music, the crowd interaction; highly recommended, definitely a must see if you can afford the nut. ADVICE: If you can sit through it, the time share solicitors can usually hook you up with tickets at an extremely affordable price. Is three hours of your Vegas Vacation time, sitting in time share conferences, worth $20 tickets to Blue Man Group? It was for us....Oh, and the bar gets packed pre-show. Hit the Ignite Bar located just outside the entrance for quicker service.
5	Loved loved loved this show!  "Now with balls!"  Tubes was good but balls makes it better. :-)The musicians paraded through the casino 45 min before the show started, which was fun and energetic. Very rhythmic and fun, kind of gets you in the mood.The show itself was awesome. All the audience participation stuff was done well and didn't humiliate the guest. The bit with the Twinkies was really freakin' funny. The new stuff with the iPad apps wasn't quite as funny, but it was clever. Music is great, as always. Definitely worth the money, in my opinion.
5	What a great experience. I got a discount ticket from an agency and went by myself but had such a great time! They don't talk at all but they still managed to interact with the audience and entertain to the max level. I am so glad I came to this show.
4	Very fun and entertaining show for the entire family!
3	The Blue Man Group is part funny, part visually entertaining, part musically interesting, and part "please get me out of here im bored out of my mind".If they kept the show flowing without any incredibly long awkward pauses and boringly fake audience participation then maybe i'd give it a higher rating.For the most part it was cute and funny. But lets put it this way, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
2	Not sure what the big deal is. Took a while to get going-seemed very slow and disconnected. Didn't understand what the main theme or idea was. Not worth the $75 per person (lowest price) that that we paid. Wouldn't go again unless it was free or super cheap.
3	Good to see at least one time when you do not have a headache and want some PG-rated energetic  laughs.  Lots of lights, loud rhythmic music, creative  drum-banging by some talented musicians, and at the end, a "shake your booty" rave-like atmosphere with audience participation involving beachballs and toilet paper.  I do not recommend this show if you hate loud sounds, bright lights, audience participation gigs, or use a walker or cane. Makes fun of modern man, e.g., his need to be up on often silly high-tech gizmos, his need to conform, his need to be accepted ( like the audience), his reluctance to fully use his potentially powerful mind.Unless you want to risk getting pulled into an audience participation event, do not sit in the orchestra. The mezzanine provides a good view without full  immersion.
4	The show was a lot of fun. Couple boring parts. Audience interaction was constant. I would go again. The ending is the best part!
3	This was my second time seeing it and it's just OK. maybe not my thing. I fell asleep in the middle of the show. It gets slow and boring sometimes. Best part is the drumming, the balls and the ending!!!
5	Fun for all ages. Go with a date, go with the family, go with everyone! It's interactive and really hysterical. Great entertainment from start to finish. The Blue men are super funny and the part with the balls was the best. I live in NYC but choose to see this show in Vegas and with good reason: the venues are much bigger and more room for fun. I've told all my friends about it and I looking to see the show here in NYC. It was just that good!
1	I/we had always wanted to catch this show when we are in Las Vegas because of how interesting it seemed. So we finally went to see it and paid $105 per person (a discounted rate). This show might be worth the time to see if the price was for about $20 per person. But at over $100 per person, It's one of the biggest rip-offs I have ever paid for. It is not funny, very slow, hardly entertaining except for the ending. Out of the 17 person group I attended the show with, only one adult liked the show. The rest hated it, mostly because of the price of admission compared to the quality of the show. The 4 children who were with us liked it a little better than the adults.Do not waste your time and money watching this rip off of a show. You'll be disappointed if you do.
3	For being able to watch this show on a free pass, I have no right to complain so am not complaining.  Let's just say, If I had to pay to watch them, I would have said "no". And if was coerced and forced to pay to watch them, I would've given them one less star.   The audience was mixed with very old and teenagers and in between.  I guess I was just too old for this.  There were few funny moments, a couple awesome bits but I was literally bored the rest of the show.  Even their finale act consisting of huge balls and unrolling tens of toilet paper didn't do anything for me.  I'm fervently hoping my next free pass(es) is for Jabbawokeez ;)
4	Great fun for all ages.  No sexual innuendos whatsoever, so fear not if you bring your children to Vegas (still don't know why you would...but anyways).  BMG has interesting skits but they also play their music (loudly).  As with all of the Vegas shows I have seen, it involves audience interaction with some things.  The show was a bit slow at times but the ending was great.  Not going to give away what the show entails in detail but it is interesting and I will say it is a must see.  Try to get discounted tickets though if you can like my husband and I did.
1	Blue Man GroupMy Vegas trips are filled with many things to do and many friends to see! But I don't ever get a chance to watch a show! I always saw floor to ceiling high ads and billboards all over Vegas promoting the Blue Man Group so I thought maybe this would be a pretty exciting show to watch! You see ads for this as soon as u get out the airport! Lol It wasn't much of a stretch that I was anticipating my first show in Vegas. Boy was I wrong! This was DEFINITELY the worst show I've ever seen in my life and I'm not joking! I'm from NYC. I've seen shows in NY which were all great and in Miami I've seen 2 Cirque De Soleil shows which were also mesmerizing! Unfortunately, this show really disappointed me in many ways. Point blank: the acts were cheesy and could have been executed better. I will most definitely stick to watching a Cirque De Soleil show next time in Vegas. Do not waste your money! Otherwise, if you're getting free tickets then go for it (but beware)!
5	Loved the show!!! This is our 3rd time seeing them from different locations here in Las Vegas. Here at the Monte Carlo they have changed the show a bit and different decore for the  theatre. So worth seeing. The show is almost 2 hrs long and they have a lot of audience participation.
2	Tip:  bring earplugs, this is a really loud show.  The story was very lame and the show seemed out dated.  There is a lot of time spent with the Blue Men playing these drum like things that they made out of plastic pipe-it looks very cheap and if a kid made them. The audience participation portion was okay-the first part they pulled a young girl from the crowd and ate a twinkie with her.  The second one they pulled a young man and put him in a suit.  They then took him off stage and hooked him up to a robot that used his butt to paint a emoticon.  I don't understand why they pulled him offstage, they could have done it on the main stage and it would have had more impact.The show needs a major overhaul if it's going to last much longer in Vegas.Sorry guys, I really wanted to like you more.
5	Loved the show!  It was the highlight of my trip to Vegas!
5	Saw this show four times in a span of couple years.Always great fun.There are some new twists since they moved to the Monte Carlo Hotels and Casino.Will definitely attend the show again one of these days.
2	It's bit overrated- definitely not the best show I've seen on the strip. So so jokes, stage and overall is too outdated, I was a bored out of my mind about half way into the show... if you are seeing only one show on your trip to sin city, think twice; but if you get comp for the ticket, go for some loud beat and play the giant beach balls at the end!
2	I got the impression that this used to be a good show that was revamped and ruined. It had its moments but they were few. Try something else in Vegas and check Yelp before you go. I wish I had.
5	We got great seats up front because mixup with the computer system. Rather then   blow us off ,like  most businesses, this  manager expressed concern about our situation without being a guest at this hotel. We will stay at this hotel next time in Vegas The show was so fun too  I have been to every Cirque du Soleil  show , yes they are super shows but The Blue Man Group just rocked very one in the house was laughing and clapping and jumping out of there seats . You must see this show when you go the Vegas.  If  I'm wrong please me if you disagree
5	I saw these aliens on earth when the show first opened.  But years later, the updated production is as fresh and funny and entertaining as ever.  Loved it.
5	Awesome show. They brought the audience into the show. From start to finish they entertained you.
3	I have mixed feelings about this show to be honest, but the finale won me over and I decided to give it that extra star. I feel like that's probably the case with many people in terms of the finale making it all worth sitting there so long.They single out audience members at the beginning, hahaha, you'll see what I mean if you go early.At least half the acts were, sorry to say, really boring for me. There is this act where they catch paintballs in their mouth and spit it out to make a painting. It takes talent to do this no doubt, but whether this is entertaining or not is certainly debatable. There are several acts they do with huge iPhones, most of which are really boring. ONE of them is really clever though. They walk in front and behind these things and without giving to much away I'll just say its pretty entertaining. Car building machines, OK. Girl robot thing, meh. They have an interesting way of going out into the audience to grab a 'volunteer'. They walk on the seat-backs through the audience!! They have every ones attention too because they are so funny/awkward in the way they select a person, haha. The whole act following, with the 'volunteer', was pretty funny!Anytime there was music I was entertained, which is probably half the acts. They are usually playing some kind of strange instrument and many times the band in the background starts playing too. Just add awesome lighting a there you go, I'm having fun.The finale really did it for me. I must admit at least half the show I was pretty bored. Some acts were funny, and the rest were just okay.But the finale was amazing. They toss these huge balls into the audience and shoot toilet paper everywhere. This might not sound great but everyone was pretty hyped up during the whole thing. After the show we made sure to wait in line and take pictures with one of the Blue Men and also the band. In summary, I think many of the acts can be scrapped and it would improve the show. Many are just not that exciting. The music and lights are what make this unique, and most likely different from anything you have ever seen. Good show.
3	Blue Man Group celebrated their 1 year anniversary this past week for their residency at Monte Carlo. As an ongoing show in Las Vegas, they have previously held residencies at Luxor and Venetian Hotel.I have seen the previous shows and this new show at Monte Carlo is "now with balls." This segment comes towards the very end and is the best part of the show. The rest of the show is a bit slow and some segments did not fit into the persona of Blue Man Group and their painting drum percussion. I was expecting more of their music to be a main part of their show like I have seen in trailers, but the show was a drag and I nearly fell asleep. There are humor bits, but it is based on the audience participation because the Blue Man Group are silent during the entire show.There are other Vegas shows that are better than the Blue Man Group before I would recommend this show.
1	I won't give anything away in case you still want to see the show, but I gotta say, this show sucked.... It was borring, unfunny, and they awkwardly threw in advertisments for products such as the I-phone, twinkies, and the roomba vacuum.  I sat in the second row and got sprayed with some bannana marshmellow puree stuff. They gave us panchos to wear but it still got all over my jeans. They were gracious enough to reimburse me for my dry cleaning bill though. All in all, I'd say to take a pass on this one.
5	I really enjoyed the show. There wasn't much of the percussion/music like they had in the past, but the performances were still funny. It's hard to go in with an open mind, but I think you set too much expectations you might be disappointed.The show is very family friendly. The performers really try their best to engage the audience and I love that they walk around trying to find a "volunteer". The finale was the best part of the show. The audience really participates and their encore performance was exactly what The Blue Man Group stands for (the whole paint and drum thing). Yes, their performances are different than before. It's more comedic with a variety of skits, but they also try to incorporate music. Performing arts isn't just about music - it includes skits, plays, instruments, and everything else related because it is as stated: performing arts. If you want that Nick Cannon drumline action, maybe this isn't the show for you. They try to incorporate different performing arts into their act so if you're expecting The Blue Man Group you saw on YouTube, maybe you should rethink your ticket purchase.
4	Who would turn down an opportunity to see the Blue Man Group? I remember seeing these guys about a couple years ago when they used to be at the Venetian. From what I recall, they would play music with weird objects, have electronic display games, have a couple different interactions with several audience members (especially the twinkie session), and lastly, the oh so hilarious ending which includes loads of toilet paper being spewed out on to the crowd. That right there pretty much describes this show in a nutshell.For the new show, they retained about 75 percent of the original material. For this new one, they incorporated even more gadgets and the highlight of the show...........BALLS!Yes, as if the show was not already chaotic with what they do on and off the stage, they had to throw in some balls. Huge ones at that. Big bouncy balls. Balls that could knock you out if thrown hard enough. Balls that.........ok you get my drift.Keep in mind these 3 guys do all this while pretty much having a straight face and no talking. It's hard to put on a good show if you don't even say a word the whole time.Minus the one star because there are a couple parts that was kind of dead and boring. No, I wasn't tired or anything. If you were though you would probably fall asleep. At least the finale is high energy action with fast music.Oh, and before I forget, after the show a Blue Man or two will hang out either in the lobby or just inside the theater entrance so don't be in such a rush to leave. They will gladly take pics with you. What are they gonna say, no? Also, make sure you give props to the live band as well for they do a great job night in and night out. They will also be out there for your meet n greet opportunity. So if you get the chance to watch this, go for it! Good for all ages.
5	How does Blue Man Group NOT have 5 stars? The show we saw (October 2013) was incredible! So much energy! Make sure you get to the casino prior to showtime (^:30 I think) so you can see the parade, fun way to get excited for the show. Also hang by the first entrance to the theater for pictures with the cast after the show.
3	Entertaining show in Las Vegas but more noise than actual music. The special FX are nice but the blue paint on the faces are the most astounding. The finale us spectacular.
3	I have such mixed feelings about this show. I so wanted to love it when I thought it was something different. I thought it would be these blue guys playing music, splattering gallons of paint, etc... I thought it would be about music and fun modern paint art...or something.Instead it was these bits that required audience participation using twinkies, explanation of plumbing,  robots, "iphones", explanation of the brain nerves, and a buttocks painting an emoticon. Which for the last bit I mentioned, I'm pretty sure since they take him backstage and make him wear a black helmet, that's it's not really him doing the stunt. I think they're playing a prerecorded video of their own staff doing this. I don't know why, but why else would they not just do it on stage?  Also, there were these long awkward moments when you're waiting for them to pick someone.Oh! And they used a small camera to put into this audience members mouth and made it look like the camera was going down into his esophagus and into the stomach. Everyone knows, or should know, this was fake. But what was the point to it? It didn't connect to anything else they were doing or made sense as to why they did this. My boyfriend and I just kind of looked at each other like, "Why...?"There were some funny parts, like the Twinkie bit but that was because the girl that was chosen to go up there was funny. Before the show they did have those remote controlled floating eyeballs which I thought was very whimsical and got me excited but when the show started I felt like I kept waiting for what I wanted to see and it never came. I just couldn't get into it. I will say the end was fantastic! It's the reason for my three stars. It was the best ending to any show I've been to. But you have to sit through about an hour and 20 minutes before you get 10 minutes of crazy excitement. So... is it worth it? No, it's not. We most likely wouldn't see them again. From what I hear the show was revamped but they ruined it.
5	I have always loved the Blue Man Group.  This is my second time seeing them in Las Vegas. I also saw them once in NYC.  There is a lot of original material that still exists; however, there are many new things about the Las Vegas Show at the Monte Carlo.  The show is a great mix of percussion, comedic skits, and funny narration.  I think there is something for everyone.  At the end of the show, the audience even gets to participate in a little dance party with paper and balls.  (It will make sense when you see it).  The Blue Men have been a theatre staple for many years, and play in so many cities; however, continue to entertain.  We splurged for the VIP badge, and after the show, 7 people got backstage access.  It wasn't much of a tour; however, STILL well worth it.  You got personal time to take pictures with the Blue Men, got a quick view of the backstage area, and prep area for the Blue Men.  And dare I say it......you may hear a Blue Man talk (ok, the rest you will have to see for yourself.)
1	The worst show ever. Might be good for kids. Don't waste your time and money here. 90 min show and half of it is just silence. Very boring
5	Blue Man Group was the highlight of my recent trip to Las Vegas. I haven't seen their shows performed elsewhere, but the entire auditorium seems designed for their show. It's hard to imagine some of their setup being portable, but I bet the show is great anywhere. I waited in line for several hours at one of the discount ticket booths along the strip to snag a couple of tickets for my brother and myself. I probably would have just ordered them online had I realized how slow the line would move, but we ended up getting poncho-seating tickets for about $80 each. We loved being so close to the stage and having the actors participating with the audience right around us, but you may want to get seats further back if you're the shy type. The whole show is very entertaining and we were laughing throughout the show. I'm not sure how much repeat value there is, but everyone should get a chance to see it at least once. It's well worth the money.
3	I would give it a 3.5 stars. The audience was pretty hyped for the show. I did not know what to really expect. They picked several audience members to interact with. But I think people who enjoy percussion/drums/music will enjoy the show more. Some of the visual effects with neon lights were nice but not mind blowing. I think Cirque de Soleil shows are better and classier.
5	This show was fantastic!!! We just recently moved to Vegas and have two small children (2 years old and 4 years old). We were trying to pick a show to take the kids to for an early Christmas present. I was told that this would be a good one and it sure was. My four year old son was upset when the show ended...he loved it. Our two year old was not thrilled with all of it but what two year old is going to sit through anything more than 30 minutes and not start to fuss a little? The end is the best part though! All in all our kids loved it and my son loved getting to meet and get his picture taken with the blue men afterward. Much fun was had by all, definitely a show for families here in Vegas.
5	I've seen their specials and musicals on television and on the internet and while I thought they were great, when someone asked me to go to the show I wondered if it would be worth the $86 to $186 per ticket to see it again live.  But I was curious about what it was they did that allowed them to literally "own" an audience, so I went.Great choice, there is no comparison between video and live with this show.  And in addition I got my answer.  They do not own the audience but set up and atmosphere where the audience  wants to "play" with them and everyone else in the theater and just have fun; a kind of communal contact high.  Good band, funny, integrated routines and a good multimedia light/prop show.  A warning here, they do use bright lights, strobe lights and fog/smoke machines (not to mention, flying marshmallows) so if you have any disorders that could be triggered by this, watch the videos instead.This is a show your friends and family will remember forever and these might possibly be the last "cool" people in America.  Go experience it.
2	Meh. I got free tickets, which is good because this show isn't worth actually paying money for. I expected something visually overpowering but large portions of the show were boring as hell. The woman seated next to me actually fell asleep during the show. Nearly everything involving audience participation was dull and pointless The various musical numbers were mildly entertaining but nothing close to the visual spectacle you're expecting. The only two memorable acts were the nervous system and the final act with the ball drop. Everything else was just meh. I'm surprised they've lasted this long in Vegas.
5	How could you not like Blue Man Group? It's a fantastic mix of electronic music and theatrical entertainment. While not deeply scientific, The show covers a number of interesting themes which I think are very interesting: Robotics, brain science, music and ... plumbing. These guys entertain with style.
1	Meh. Pretty boring in my opinion. I cant think of any particular segments were I thought it was funny/cool. The last 10minutes was entertaining though. Or maybe I was just excited for the show to finally be over. I dont know. Dont recommend.. at all.
3	As of December 2013, the show is located at Monte Carlo. If you are an AAA member, you can receive 30% discount on selected tickets. In the end, I paid $80.85 for the Orchestra section seat. Performance: They are all talented drummers - lots of flashy drum performances. Creativity: Unique musical instruments and huge iPhones that you can only find here.  Surprise factor: A very audience interactive show. There were two instances when the Blue Man Group selected an audience as a part of their acts. The audience participation seemed a bit fake, but it was somewhat entertaining ... well some parts were pretty boring.Overall, it was a whacky and interesting show. I will admit that lots of gadgets are very creative, but I think the whole performance relied too much on fancy "toys". It just doesn't feel like a Vegas show and some parts were pretty boring. Expect 50% musical performance, 25% audience participation, and 25% miscellaneous acts.  I will only recommend this show if you are paying less than $50 for the ticket and you just don't have anything else to do during that night. P.S. - At the end of the show, you will get a chance to take picture with the Blue Man Group. So make sure to stick around!
5	The Blue Man Group has been performing their show for many years, so I wondered if this was worth the visit.  In a word... absolutely!  This is a fun show, and suitable for all ages (provided that you are not susceptible to strobe lights, fog, or have an aversion to having good clean fun).  If you're buying tickets, do realize the front few rows are within the "splash zone".  Additionally, the performers will enter the audience, so be prepared for being pulled onto stage.  In short, I would gladly see this all over again, and would enjoy it immensely.  Go see it.
4	I went in with low expectations and came out impressed.  Sure there are a couple corny jokes during the show, but for the most part I found myself laughing.  I was surprised by the audience interactive segments.  One of the Blue Men crawled on top of me and stared me down for a solid 10 seconds.  Creeped me out but at the same time it was pretty funny.  I would suggest hitting this show.
1	Watched the show at Monte Carlo in December of 2013.  Came here based on yelp reviews and that it was kid friendly.  I've always wanted to see this show and was very excited....until I saw the show.  I expected a lot more percussions and music.  All I got was Blue Men awkwardly roaming around the audience and not much continuity or action throughout the show.  My 8 year old nephew appeared really bored until the very end when stuff was actually happening.  Never been so disappointed of a show in my life.  I DO NOT recommend this to anyone.  There are plenty of great shows in town and they're better than this show.
5	My husband surprised me with tickets in the second row. First and second rows get ponchos since you never know what's going to jump out at you during this show. Going into it, I really thought this was going to be a lot of music, I didn't know it was somewhat of a comedy thing also, but that's a good thing! I really enjoyed the music and there is a ton of audience interaction. It was a great show for a great date night and I really enjoyed it!
3	We have done a lot of shows in Vegas. About 40 or so. Perhaps we are a little jaded. The Blue Man group is fun. Entertaining. But it is not on the same par with the Cirq shows or some of the other big headliners. Kids will love it. The actors do a lot of staring and slow movements that just feel like time wasting. Most of their skits are funny but they just don't low you away. I did love the huge beach balls that dropped from the sky on the audience. That was a cool diversion. Overall . .  cool but nothing to rave about.
1	Please save yourself some money...  this show was boring and definitely not worth the money.  Perhaps it might be entertaining if you were high on drugs.  The drummers are talented but there is a lot of down time, where they just stand around with puzzled looks on their faces.  The show itself is extremely random and does not flow together in any way.  There are a few aspects that are visually stimulating, but not worth paying upwards of 80$ a ticket.
3	Blue Man Group has been a strip-favorite for years now. So much so that I persuaded two others to see it last week for their first time (my fourth!). But I have to say -somewhere between the switch from The Venetian to the Luxor to Monte Carlo... something has gone wrong.  The show was once clever, witty, and engaging.   There were some fascinating pieces of it that sadly were stripped away (the "dancing" sculptures for example), and replaced with sad skits that almost give you that urge to laugh since no one else is, just to save the cast humiliation.  A lot of dull moments that really make you wonder what the point of the show is.  So where I would once consider it entertaining for its comedic and rhythmic values, I'm afraid it's just down to percussion now.  The band does an excellent job!  And there is one moment that I think everyone should experience once (I won't spoil the surprise here!).  But not for more than $80 or so.
5	Best saved for the last. Make sure you get front seats to have ultimate fun. Wait till end of the show. Loved it on valentines dayThanksSantosh
4	I had been wanting to see the Blue Man Group for years and finally had an opportunity. Wow! OK, some reviewers panned it. Sure, there were some slow spots. But 90 minutes of non-stop action could be a little hard to take. Have to catch my breath once in awhile, you know.We had seats right in the front of the mezzanine section with an unobstructed sight line and no chance of getting paint on us. A word of caution -- don't arrive late. They will lower the "LATE ARRIVAL" signs and put your picture up on the big video screen. Spare yourself the embarrassment.Don't forget to show up 45 minutes early for the "parade." That in itself is a treat.And as others have mentioned, the Blue Man Group has big balls. Er ... well, you'll just have to see for yourself. But we had a blast!
1	If I could give this show a rating of zero I would. As I write this review the performance that I attended is still being held. I received a ticket to this show as a comp. Although I didn't pay any money for this show,  I felt as if I was owed a refund. After 40 minutes I just got up and walked out because it was just horrible. I have seen better performances by street performers on the strip.
4	The wife and I went to see the Blue Man Group in January and had a great time.  Military Discount brought the  $158.00 front row center tickets down to $99.00 each.  You had to call in for these rates and show Military I.D. when picking up the tickets.Plastic ponchos were on our seats upon arrival and we wore them to prevent getting anything on us (paint, banana puree) but nothing came our way.  Not all the front row seated folks can say that.  We both had a very good time and laughed quite a bit during the performance.  There were a couple times they picked audience members to come onto the stage for parts of the show.  Additionally,  they came out into the audience a few times, all of which was entertaining.   The band and the sound system was pretty amazing.  There were times you could feel the bass going through you which added to the show.The finale brought the entire audience to its feet and was pretty fun to not only watch but participate in.  Although there were a few times the pace slowed down, it was a 90 minute show and most of it was very entertaining and fast paced.Stick around after the show for pictures with the Group and band.
3	I have seen their show at Universal Orlando multiple times, so I recognized some of the stuff they did in the show.  I think the stuff I was familiar with were the best parts of this show (i.e. gumball throw, eating twinkies etc).  The fact that only 3 performers put on a 1 1/2-hour show is impressive to me.  It had slow spots, but overall it was worth the $90 per ticket we paid (M Life discount was 20%).  It wasn't 30% because we bought tickets an hour before the show.  I would see them again, but not sure if my wife would.
5	I went to the show on my 21st birthday as a gift from my mom. It was absolutely amazing! They guys are hilarious and the music is really great. They interact with the audience a ton too which I think is a really great quality a show can have. Although, I do not recommend seeing this show if you are epileptic or suffer from migraines from flashing lights. I would recommend it to anyone else!P.S. Make sure you stay after the show to get pictures with the cast!
5	This was my first Las Vegas show and it was epic! Everything from: the colors, music, props and vibe was awesome. Get there 45min early for the parade and stay after to take a picture with the blue man group members.
3	We were able to get tickets for $68/person. The theater itself was nice. Not too large, not too small. We sat near the back but still had a good view of the performers. The show was a combination of music and comedy. Can't deny that the 3 blue men are great performers but I just couldn't get into it. The rock band on top were rocking some heavy tunes but after awhile it got tiring and old. The show was entertaining was but that's about it. No wow factor for me. Wouldn't watch it again.
5	This was an incredibly fun, interactive mime-style comedy show. I was very entertained. One of the best times I've had in a theater.
5	Great show! If you are in Vegas for anything, make sure to add this show to your visit. What is especially great about the Blue Man Group is that they include the entire audience in their performances. Just make sure not to sit too close to the front of the stage if you don't want to get hit with any liquids since they have a segment of the show where food/liquid is used as a prop. If you are shy, you won't want to sit near the front rows either, since they make it a point to walk out onto the chairs to meet the audience up close and personal. Be warned. What surprised us most about the Blue Man Group show was the music. It was great when we were there. When we went, they were playing live at the Venetian, and began the show with music and ended it in the same way. We liked it so much that we purchased the CD at the time, entitled "Blue Man Group: Live at the Veneitan, Las Vegas." They have a different show now, but I would not be surprised if the music was just as good, if not better. The music, the humor, the weird/creepy factor. All of it makes seeing the Blue Man Group a must when you are in Vegas. They are a classic Vegas show, well worth the ticket price.
4	Good not great! For the price you can't go wrong. We had great seats and I think again fur the money it's the best show in Vegas.
4	Very good show. I had know idea what to expect. Fun music and very entertaining. Lots more going on, on stage then I expected. Lots of people playing instruments. I would recommend.
4	Great show, however it seems it hasn't changed much in years.  I saw it several years ago and again recently and it was almost the same exact show.   They are great performers but would have been nice to see something 'new'.
4	Excellent show. Tickets were rather pricey. But very good. Drink prices were really expensive and concessions were disorganized and crowded, so we passed then up. I would recommend this as a "must see" in Vegas. We bought our tickets online and had to pick them up there. Agent said that the tickets weren't there yet and we had to wait. Then when they arrived, we had to stand in line for 20 minutes again to get our tickets. Good experience. They do a processional in the casino at 615 that was really cool!
4	Just saw this show April 5th with my 2 sisters. So much fun. From the pre show parade through the hotel to the end of the show 'audience party' it was really awesome. Great music. Great lights. Funny moments. We did think there was a lull of about 20 minutes where it seemed slow and forced. But it definitely didn't ruin the show. There isn't a bad seat in the theater. Group and band members come out after the show for pics. The gift store was very reasonable.  Overall great experience. Would totally recommend.  Be there early to see pre show. Awesome !!
3	Make sure you get front row seats! We sat all the way in the back and missed out on a lot of the fun. Overall it was an OK show. With a lot of music and visual effects I just thought it would be a little bit more.....Exciting. We got a pass when we purchased the tickets for the Ice bar that included two entrees, two cocktails & two shots for like 30$ something bucks I thought that was pretty cool.
1	Why did I give this group a one star? In short, I was extremely disappointed. The only saving grace was the fact that we got these tickets for free. If you watch the trailer, you have pretty much seen all the good stuff. The show began promptly at seven and the three blue men spent (I kid you not) the next 45 minutes or so trying to entertain and interact with the audience. They only played their instrument/equipment once. The "date" act was too long and un necessary. Their smartphone act was too stretched out. They relied way toooo  much on the concept of technology integration in our daily lives. Overall, their digital take for the show was over the top....boring. I came here for their drumming and innovative usage of items to make sound. I think they only played a total of about 30 minutes.  The only reason why I am so upset about this "new" version is because I saw them about 14 years ago.  I was in awe and was totally entertained.  My eyes and ears were positively overwhelmed (in a great way) by their sound and creative images. Yes times have changed but I remember they played more and had more showmanship. What I saw today was cheesy and pedestrian. It was not innovative. Honestly I could have kicked myself for choosing this show. Ugh. That's my honest opinion. Other people loved it. For first timers who have never seen the show, you might love it. But for me, I expected so much more. If I had paid for this, I probably would have demanded a refund.
4	I saw Blue Man Group 14 years ago and the show has changed quite a bit. They do not play instruments as much anymore but it still has humor.  I definitely recommend being on the first level to have more of an interactive experience.
5	I loved the show.  I especially liked it when we got to stand up towards the end and danced and the balls on the ceiling dropped with teepee everywhere.  Fun!  The music was awesome.  Just makes me want to move!  Wish we could have danced the whole time.  The only part I didn't like was the "date" act.  That was boring and pointless.  The rest of the show was fun and entertaining, as a show should be!  My son saw one of the blue men after the show, and he drew on my son's face.  That was fun to interact with them.
5	I had a really good time at this show -- it had the right amount of weirdness and humor, and it was a lot of fun.We got front row tickets (where they make you wear a poncho). And if you're sitting in the front row, especially towards the middle of the theater, definitely wear your poncho all the way (wear the hood, even). Make sure your pants are covered (and even your shoes, if possible). Just trust me on this one. I won't spoil the show, but if you're looking to have a weird, fun, almost mind boggling experience, this is the show for you. Do it!
4	Got the tickets for free but if I were to buy these tickets I would, I did have an amazing time! Although I wouldn't by front row or the first 10 rows or something because you can see pretty clearly in any part of the theater. First row of the mezzanine row is pretty good seats already! Blue man group does go around the audience and plays around with them and also picks a few volunteers so just be ready for that just in case they do pick you. You'll definitely have a good time laughing and trying to figure out what comes next. I do feel like... This show is very random because after one segment they just go to the next and they dont really go together like a story would, but you will laugh but I wished their segments would tie in together and I would of probably gave them 5 stars instead of 4. DONT FORGET!! be on the casino floor like 45 mins early or 30 minutes earlier prior to the show because the blue man group band goes around and does a little parade and once that's over, they open the doors right away. Quick and fast entering into the theater which is nice!
5	I am keeping this short and just saying this is a Really fun show to watch. Quite entertaining.
5	My hubby and I thought this was just going to be a show with a lot of drumming.. BOY was I wrong.It was super weird and futuristic. Hilarious as well. Plus there's a dance party in the middle of the show with some awesome special effects. GO! You'll love it :)
3	Blue man is a show that that you either love or hate I suppose. I've been to many shows in town so I went to the show and tried not to do either. The show itself is weird from start to finish. I was seated next to a large group from germany and they had no reaction from any part of the show but clapped very loud af the end....weird. The show itself had some decent parts but the humor was not my taste. The overall flow of the performance went from a 1 to a 9 too quick and I guess some people are ok with that. I would say go to another show instead but no show I've seen compares to blue man's content so go if you like to 3 weird looking performers beat on pipes and play music so loud you think you are having a heart attack for the last 10 minutes. The one really good thing about the show is that you don't have to understand english to enjoy the show due to the visual nature of the content of course.  Mixed bag of a show for me in general.
5	The new version in Monte Carlo was EXCELLENT!I watched this show a few years ago at Venetian, but everything was better.It has a few slow moments, but it's totally worth it.The laugh I got from it was well worth the money.I'm definitely doing this again in another 5 years.
4	First a huge thank you to Roger for hooking me up with the tickets!  I've been wanting to see this show for a long time and I appreciate the opportunity!It's really hard to describe this show.  They don't talk or sing but they interact with each other through various bits.  I love the audience interaction.  Just picking random people to be up on stage to become part of the act was hilarious! That was probably my favorite part of the show.  It's a lot of drumming on various items to create a musical fusion with the background band.  I will point out there is a few times where it seemed like dead time and I was waiting for something to happen.  That kills the upbeat mood quickly.  After the show, the Blue Man Group and the guys from the stage band are out in the lobby to take photos.  They still don't talk!  It is a different type of show and not for everyone.  I'll just leave it as that.
2	We heard so many good things about this show, we splurged on good tickets to make sure we could experience it fully.  We were in the 2nd row, only 1 seat away from the area where people have to wear ponchos.  We arrived at the Monte Carlo early to catch the blue man parade through the casino, that was great!  Actually, we thought that was the best part of the entire show -- and it's free for anyone who happens to be in the casino at the time!Once we took our seats and the actual show began - we were disappointed.  There were some good moments where they played innovative instruments and there were some funny moments as well.  Overall, the show just seemed to drag on-and-on and get more boring as time went by.  The last act is where they launch big plastic balls over the audience and make jokes about their balls -- that would probably be funny for a 6-year old but I think anyone over that age would find it stupid.Glad we saw it because we've heard so much about it, but we felt the entertainment provided was probably worth about $30/ticket instead of the $150/ticket that we paid.
1	I love the theater and many forms of art, but I do not get Blue Man Group.  I have seen it twice and find it boring and always want to walk out.  It feels like a bad boardwalk stunt and they set up the two minute skit for twenty minutes and then say ta-da.  Skip it.
3	I have seen this show 4 times over the years and it has evolved. Evolution is not always a good thing. In the past they used to be MUCH more music oriented with lots of great sounds that left you in awe. The switch has moved them more into comedy (speechless) with much more "quiet" time. The light show has really become much more  of a focus and it is very good. Still a fun show but I am not sure that I will be going back.
4	Such a good show. All though it might lose you in the middle of the play overall it's one of the best shoes I've seen yet. They staff is very quick. They show is really good the little party after wards is the best, seeing everyone happy was such a good feeling. They do not allow you to take your phones out during the show. Have fun and enjoy te show. Best of the best
1	Booked this because we are traveling with our girls, 13 and 10.I wasn't entirely sure what to expect and found myself beyond disappointed.One star is due to the fact that my girls both had a great time....so that eases the pain of the money I paid and will never see again.7pm show last night....we were told to be there at 6:15 to watch the start of the parade some of the members do.  This runs through the casino.  Kinda cool drumming and lights....we didn't follow it around but went inside to get seated.Small theatre and not a bad seat in the place.  We chose to not be in the splash zone.  They didn't get with much but some paint and a bit of misc stuff.Basically it is a mime show/comedy show.  I kept getting excited for something fun to happen but it never really did  They pull members of the audience which takes forever....then the use of them is just bizarre.  They interact some but maybe it was all lost on me.  I thought it was stupid.The real talent lies in the back up musicians.  Fun to hear them but they don't do much.  Slow moving, not really funny and lame in my opinion.  Kept thinking about what I paid and had to let that go... maybe $20 or $30 a ticket I would have been ok but 4 tickets at $75 each.  ugh.Helpful info to know:Food inside: popcorn, few beer options is all I saw.Seating:  All seats are good but further back on the second level you are under a balcony and my girls couldn't get a touch on the cool balls that eventually get tossed around.  Not a big deal though.  Tickets: If you have MLife and book direct, you get the better seating and pricing. If you buy off strip, you will get a voucher to redeem at the box office and I was told they give you the seats in the far back.  Which would have worked and you could have moved up to open seats I'm sure.Overall, my girls had fun and it was family friendly.  Hard to find in Vegas but I wish I would have booked a magic show instead.  It isn't a Vegas vacation w/o seeing a show, but this just was lost on me.
5	Woo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!What an awesome show! They got people from the audience and they had so much interaction. The end of this show was so awesome and I think if you have to make a decision on different shows, definitely choose Blue Man Group!
4	Loved this show. I was sitting in the row right in back of the ones that had to wear ponchos.  Loved the seats and it was an interactive/fun show.
1	More of a kids show than for adults.  Juvenile.
2	I have always wanted to see BMG and I'm so sad to say that it was disappointing.. luckily we bought our tix from tix4tonite as  we had amazing seats in the middle, row K. But the show... Way too many Exchanges of Awkward faces between the Blue Men and creeping around the audience. I paid to see you guys perform and play music not to walk on seats into the audience and pull up people to awkwardly eat a Twinkie onstage for 10 mins. The best part of the show was the end with the smoke rings passing the giant balls around and the paint flying when they were drumming, When they actually did the sh** that made them famous and cool. I'm glad I got all of our tix for half price each. I would NEVER pay full price or ever be in a rush to see them again.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this show... Very random and different is almost the best way to describe this show in my opinion. it kept me in the edge of my seat. had front row seats and enjoyed the show dead on the front. what i loved about this show was that its a different show from others, a show that will make you laugh, rock to the life rock band they have playing in the background. will recommend this show from what ive been reading i guess this show isn't for every one but i enjoyed this very very much.
1	Sucked! Dry comedy, not very funny.  I had high hopes,  super excited to go and extremely disappointed.  No-one got wet, percussion was cool but only lasted about 15 minutes of entire show. Lots of down time. The best part was the last 10 minutes when the white large bouncing balls dropped from the ceiling.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.
3	I've seen Blue Man Group twice now, in two separate venues (Monte Carlo Vegas, and San Jose.  It's a really great show and keeps you interested with flashy visuals, humor, and creative sets.  There's nothing particularly amazing, especially if you're a fan of Cirque shows.  But it's great for families and one of the best shows I've seen all around generally.  I will say, there isn't a whole lot of rewatch value.  That said, go see it!
4	The Blue Man Group is iconic- for what, I'm not really sure, and didn't really realize, until my BF and his sister surprised me with tickets to the show and none of us knew what to expect.So here's what you can expect: three men, in identical blue body paint and black clothes, who never, ever speak. They pantomime everything and never break character, acting out silly antics often accompanied by strobe lights and/or a very loud suspended rock band.The show is family-friendly, without any crude humor or profanity, and includes a lot of audience participation. Several things get thrown into the crowd and several people are brought up to the stage from the audience. It's a fun time for all, though the younger ones will likely get the most enjoyment out of it.Only complaints are that the strobe lights are very bright, right in your face, and overused to the point that they're frequently on when they're unnecessary. Maybe I'm getting old, but I had a slight headache from it by the time we left.Great fourth-row right orchestra seats will set you back just a hair under $150 each, but more affordable seats are available and show is set up to use a screen to project some scenes more close-up for better viewing in further seats.
2	I heard everyone rave about BMG so I was really excited to go. Only it was very diapointing, I don't pay to see people eat and  then in a form throw it up. The sense with the machinary were my favorite. Even though I did expect to see more of the bluemen performing.
1	Worst show I've ever seen. Thank God i got my tix from the tix4tonight kiosk. And Monte Carlo was nice enough to upgrade me to the splash zone for free. But other than that, this show was the biggest disappointment. They tried to be funny; I mustered a few pity laughs, mostly because the audience member who assisted in the skit was funny and awesome. The cast, not so much. I expected so much more, this show was borderline gross. I really wanted my money back but, but you live and you learn. Would NEVER EVER PAY FULL PRICE FOR THIS SHOW.
5	I took my 6 year old to see The Blue Man Group and we got tickets in the front row (poncho zone).  We had a BLAST!!  The lights and music were amazing and the two audience participation pieces were hilarious.  And the BMG gave my son the painting they make by spitting paint on a canvas!  Free souvenir!! There is a fair amount of reading required (it makes sense when you see the show) but I found myself trying to quietly explain what was going on to my son for a good chunk of the show.
1	Was not a fan of this show. Slow moving, and not funny. Some of their little skits were really lame. Easily the worst show I've seen in Vegas (out of about a dozen). Definitely not worth the price.  I've had much more fun on this same trip listening to the free bands at Planet Hollywood or downtown.
5	Was hesitant due to negative reviews, but Loved the show! There is elements of comedy and humor, and the finale was awesome!
2	I honestly do not understand how this show runs twice a night and seven days a week. I guess there's enough people like me who hear the hype of a production that now seems tired and old. There was nothing spectacular, there was nothing shown that street entertainers don't do on a regular basis for a couple dollars in a hat. There were a couple of fun moments but I was expecting something, anything to really captivate me and it never materialized. Even my son, 11, who had really looked forward to watching it thought that the show was good but not great. This is the same kid that's still entertained by Tom & Jerry. Take a pass on this show folks.
5	By far one of the best shows I've seen in Vegas! Fun fun fun and not a dull moment. 90 minutes of pure enjoyment and laughter. Plus they stick around after the show for picture taking, which I did. Very fun night!
1	I'm a fan of all kinds of performance art however, I have to say, I don't get the hype. And I'm glad I didn't pay full price for BMG tickets. Aside from the finale, the show dragged and there were way too many dead moments. The audience participation stunts were a bit lame and pointless. I did muster a few sympathy chuckles but this was almost painful to watch at times. On a positive note, the back up band was really good.
1	Waste of time and money. May be kids might like it but really the blue man group's talent is not derived from them but the band playing in the back drop. The band was excellent but blue man themselves a Big disappointment. Please don't spend money on premium seating.. Category A, if u do land up going cheap seats will do.
2	Until near the end, I was pretty upset that I had paid nearly $100 to watch something like this. Perhaps it just isn't my cup of tea. While this group is obviously talented and creative, I've just always been creeped out by the blue faces, and I still haven't been able to get over that. Other than that, I found some parts of the show entertaining--ones that satirized social media/ technology and mimicked "volunteer" audience members. I also enjoyed the parts that they played music along with the band that sits above the stage. Other times, I was just baffled.The end of the show was cool, though, in that it was almost like a party wherein everybody stands up and just dances along. So I suppose at least there's that. But that still wasn't worth the $100 orchestra ticket for me.
4	Despite all the times that I've seen Blue Man Group on various TV shows, nothing really prepared me for what I saw tonight.As on their televised appearances, there's definitely a good amount of music. The backing band is solid, and the percussion of the three blue-faced dudes is impeccable. The music is energetic and accessible, with more of a rock than an electronic vibe.I was a little surprised at the amount of comedy though. There are no words, to describe it. That comma was intentional. While there's voiceovers and whatnot to set up different segments of the show, the characters never speak, only interacting with each other and with audience members through movement and gestures. They still draw tons of laughs through things such as awkward pauses or apparent mistakes, pattern breaks, etc. I'm not sure if they improvise at all or actually plan for everything with audience members, but it all definitely works.This is a very smartly designed show. There are a lot of references and callbacks. They represent things involving technology and things involving the human brain in fairly accurate ways. As an aside, there is a principle known as Chekhov's Gun which basically means that if an author writes about an object, it's going to be important in some way. The show follows this principle starting from the projected video shown before start time, and including all the set objects and even items borrowed from or given to audience members. And I don't mean the ponchos that audience members get if they're sitting near the stage.The issues I really had were with some of the live video not being played as smoothly, and with some of the voiceover/video segments feeling a little amateurish. Oh, and there was this idiot right in front of me who decided to remain standing at the end after everyone else in the audience had sat down again. Unfortunately, I wasn't about to ruin it further for those behind me by trying to stand and look around him either. Can't really attribute blame to the Blue Man Group though.Overall, it's really entertaining start to finish and just a notch or two below the Cirque du Soleil shows or Le Reve in terms of variety and production value. You should realize, though, that there isn't a huge cast of characters in this production. The three blue-faced gentlemen have a lot of talent and are able to carry the show from start to finish.P.S. It would be amiss not to mention a great benefactor that made this night possible for me. Thanks so much to Edwin P. for his generosity. What a guy.
3	After paying full price for 2 adults and 2 children (9 & 12), I have to say I was overall, disappointed in the show. The one I saw over 20 years ago, was WAY BETTER, filled with way more music, instruments, and entertainment. The show's last 15-20 minutes are what it should be all about! Otherwise, it's a bunch of filler time, having two audience volunteers and lots of sit and watch cheesy stuff, time.There is an adrenaline rush before you go in, as the band does a little parade around the casino, and you also can take pictures with the band and Blue Man Group, after the show, which is nice.Overall opinion: Yes, you can bring the kids, but they'll be bored the first half of the show.It's kinda chilly, so bring a light jacket.Do not pay full price. Not worth it.They do not sell hot chocolate or coffee, fyi.
1	PLEASE DON'T GO. Waste of money if you are an adult. This show is outdated, random and only makes it to 90 minutes because of long boring sections ('searching' for a predetermined audience member placed in the correct assigned seat) - which are as disconnected as the rest of the show. Time for this show to retire.I went because I figured it had to be good - it's been running in Vegas for so long.....The whole thing seems amateur -ish and at times even child-ish. Perhaps these gags were entertaining in the 90s? The 'technology and science' props are a big part of the show but after having just attended CES, it was painful to watch these old un-impressive gadgets be featured in a Vegas show. My friend was pre-selected for the 'butt painting' audience participation. He said he went backstage and put on a suite then came back out. Not that it really fooled anyone over the age of 8.
2	You there! Yes you reading this review, you can be in the blue man group! Just grab a couple friends and some blue paint, throw it on yourselves and then look to the left and look to the right in unison. Congratulations, you are now in the Blue Man Group! Really this is not a very impressive show. These Blue Men are decent drummers , but have no talent otherwise, and the show becomes very boring as they desperately attempt to camoflauge their lack of talent. Save up your coins and go see Cirque Du Soleil instead, it costs about the same and even their worst show is light years better than this.
1	Very disappointing, the drummers on the street which playing on buckets are more entertaining than this blue man group!!!Don't go to this show!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Absolutely AWFUL.The only reason that I did not give this zero stars is because it is not an option. My family, friends, and I thought this would be a fun show to see in Vegas since we had seen so much advertising for it and it had been around for a while.This was by far THE WORST show that I have ever seen. It is essentially a movie theater where the three men stare at you and do mundane tasks. At one point, they ate Twinkies on stage and moved them around the plates as a "comedy" routine for over 10 minutes! There was percussion music in the background so loud throughout the entire show that our entire group had their ears ringing for the next 24 hours after the show.It was so awful that our friend that bought the tickets actually cried during the show because she was so upset that she had spent that amount of money on the show.Needless to say, I would not have even spent $5 to see this show. If you want to watch someone stare at you and do nothing special, then go see it.
4	This was a really great show. Interactive, playful and visually appealing. There were times that it was a little slow, but generally they were upbeat and the kids enjoyed the antics and stunts of the blue men. There were lots of times the blue men went off into the audience where you were able to get an "up close" look at them. They wandered the isles with their creepy stares and clueless blue faces.Great way to involve the crowd. The story was based on humor and music. I laughed a lot and had a great time. My kids also loved it and they were 14, 11 and 9.I took off one star because of one part of he show. I will repeat what other reviews said. There is a time in the show when they drop these huge bouncy balls and toilet paper rolls, along with confetti. If you are sitting in the upper area of the theater you feel really left out of the fun. You really just get to stand up and watch the lower audience enjoy the thrills. They really need to do something special for those up top. I suggest you avoid that area to get the best experience.Overall was very happy with the show and would recommend it to families in the Vegas area. Just be sure you get a good seat.
1	Not worth my time or money!  This was just not what I thought it was supposed to be.  For the whole first half it attempts to be some kind of comedy, but it's just bad.  There was very little music until the very end. Overall a giant disappointment, I don't get the people that like this kind of stuff.
1	I didn't enjoy this at all. The ending was entertaining, but I was almost asleep through most of the show.
4	Love this show.If you are looking for something that can blow your eyes, this might not be a good choice. But this show is fun, educational and beautiful! The music is good too!
3	Enjoyed the show, however not worth the price. It got repetitive very quickly. I didn't get that oh crap what's going to happen next type of feeling. Talented drummers and musicians but nothing very out of the ordinary for me. They upgraded our seats 'complimentary' since the place wasn't a full house. They had a funny interactive marquee that made people feel apart of the show. And they even included some members of the audience in their performance. Overall a fun vibe, that was very innocent. You can bring your children since this is a family show that can be enjoyed by all ages. Would I go back? Probably not. Honestly a one time deal for me :(
4	Been wanting to see this show for many years so it was a nice surprise when my dad bought tickets to catch a show while we were in Vegas as a birthday gift.  Despite technical difficulties pausing the show at one point, I have to say that I was seriously impressed and simply can't describe this show while still doing it justice.  Audience interaction is a big part of this show and little bits of humor mixed in with some great percussion by the men in blue (backed by an excellent band I might add) make this show a great experience to take in and I would definitely see this show again!Just as a heads up though, this show uses a lot of strobe lights and loud music so keep that in mind and make sure you don't have a headache going in because this show will turn it into a migraine
3	The show was entertaining. There was a bit involving Twinkies that went on way too long though. The show had technical difficulties and had to stop for fifteen minutes but I don't blame them for that.  It happens. The best part was the last portion of the performance. Sit in the lower level for guaranteed fun.
2	Pretty boring there was some funny parts of the show but overall you'd expect much more. Most of the acts dragged on and got to the point I was waiting for it to end. Nothing great. But the last 10 mins was the best of the whole show. Other then the meh it's ok but I was mostly boring the entire time
4	Very cool show. Visually stimulating, musically great and hysterical. Not a bad seat in the house and the seating is roomy. A bit pricey, even for locals getting a discount.
4	I saw Blue Man Group in Omaha, NE last night. Amazing show, I hope they come to Omaha more often! There were periods in the show that were slow, as in fillers. I was expecting the entire show to be high energy. With that said, we will defiantly see them again if they return!
5	I was not sure what to expect from this show, but we had a fun time and found it to be comical. This was my first Vegas show and I would recommend everyone check it out at least once!
5	Best expereince of my life!! Me and my husband have made it a thing to go to a show everytime we go to vegas. Weve seen quite a few of shows but blue man group takes the cake. We purchased our tickets from those trucks on the strip tix 4 tonight. We got a really good deal. 120 for 2 tickets and the seats were perfect. I recommend this to everyone. It really is magnificant. There are no words to describe it you just have to go. Its lively, its fun, and youll be talking about it forever. Great for kids too. Like 10 minutes before the show, they do this mini show around the casino and stops at the theatre. Its really wonderful i really have no words for it just go and see for yourself.
3	Entertaining show on The Strip. Sit up high if you don't want to get wet with paint or covered with streams of TP.
3	Good..casual.fun..running down on ideas..entrrtaining..not my first or sixth pick for vegas experience..do it as plan C...
4	Went to see Blue Man group in Vegas with the kids, and it was awesome!  There were a number new bits mixed with the classic show - we had a fantastic time!  Highly recommend for anyone visiting Vegas
4	At first there are no words to describe this show,  except for "wacky". But wacky is good! It's 3 men dressed in all black with pained blue heads and faces. They never speak throughout the show but they really don't need too. Their personalities are awkward but so funny. They make music and beats to strange objects, such as pipes, larger than your body drums, drums that poof out smoke, and of course drums with paint that creates effects in strobe lights.They have a lot of audience participation, they even bring up to the stage one male, and in another scene a female. The Blue Men don't talk, but there is a narrator and in the show happens to talk a lot about technology and how dependent we are of it today, it is all done with humor of course.The first 3 rows closest to the stage well have to wear ponchos, but do not fear, there's honestly nothing that will get u wet. I would say it's more of a caution they take, the only thing that MIGHT happen is the paint splashing a little or some of the Twinkie goo(you'll see), but they are far back enough in the stage when that happens so there's honestly nothing to worry about.This show is for all ages, very appropriate.
4	I have heard lots about this show....and have always wanted to see it.  Mainly because no one could ever exactly describe what IT was exactly.The Blue Man Group (BMG) is located inside the Monte Carlo casino.  The theater itself is pretty easy to find.  Of course, they make you walk through the casino, so YUCK cigarette smoke warning.  Getting the tickets and maneuvering through the seating process was super easy.The show features 3 blue men that perform a variety act centered around music, lights and "spraying stuff".  The BMG don't actually make sound or facial expressions the entire show, so they are a little creepy at times.We had awesome seats...3rd row back but right next to the poncho section.  We were close enough to see the sweat flying and all the "goo".  If you are squeamish I suggest you sit further back.I won't give a breakdown of all the skits...it would be a spoiler.  I will say that some of the skits were a little dorky, like the iPad part.  Others were very cool and entertaining, like the mouth catching paintballs/marshmallows.  The dance "rave" at the end was worth the price of the tickets.  Overall, this is one of the more wholesome shows on the Strip to take kids too.  My 10 and 13 yo niece and nephew loved it!  ;)
2	Eeehhh maybe i just don't get it but we left early. It seems like they just wasted time walking through the audience picking out people. They had a skit where they couldnt open a twinkie so they got a lady from the audience up there to do it. Then they all ate there's and threw it up through a chest piece, then ate that. There was a little bit of tricks with 3 big gigantic ipads and light effects. Marybe we missed all the good stuff because it was at the end but there was only 15 more minutes of it. Overall, it's like watching Mr. Bean or British comedy, I just don't get it. Great for small kids or maybe infants.
5	I doubted the Blue Man group.  3 dudes playing drums with paint for like $120?Sounds not awesome.BUT IT FREAKING WAS.It plays heavily on pop culture, audience participation, and really unique music that anyone in the audience can connect with.The audience participation is the highlight. The Blue Men never speak a word, but grab audience members to participate in their act. At the end, there is a grand finale that gets everyone up and dancing. There is more to the finale, but I won't spoil it for you.If you are not into audience participation, are low on energy, and are introverted, save yourself some time and go to Cirque de Souleil. The Blue Man group lifted me from my tired slight drunk state, but it definitely requires that you have a positive mindset to enjoy the show.
4	Wasn't sure what to expect, but I walked away satisfied. Seats in the front are pretty pricey. Try to find a discount. Some of the acts were lame, but overall, it was entertaining. The finale was very memorable!
4	Very entertaining...musical/rhythmic show!    Big fan.  I've seen perhaps 15 different shows/acts in Vegas.   I think this is my personal #2 overall....and #1 if you exclude comedy acts.    VERY worthwhile evening.
2	The marketing for this show is WAY too good, because the show is not worth the $64 (cheapest ticket available). The only portion of the show I really enjoyed is when they drop the big plastic balls from the ceiling... but that only lasts about a minute. The show should be moved to the Circus Circus for no more than $20 per ticket.. or even better, for free at Downtown Las vegas.Best shows I've seen in Vegas so far, La reve and O.
3	I was excited to see the Blue Man group perform in Las Vegas since I had been able to see a prior performance of theirs.  We went on a cruise on the Norwegian Epic and the show was unbelievable.This show was a little bit of a letdown.  The skits were not as interactive as the ship and the humor was kind of toned down.  I won't spoil the end of the show for you but it was better on the cruise.  For the record, I do not work for Norwegian Cruise lines. I would not recommend buying tickets in advance of visiting Las Vegas as there are several discount venues that will cut the price in half than the standard price on most sites. I paid $50 and ended up in the second row from the stage.
3	Hmmm. What to say, what to sayyyyyyyy. I received a couple of free tickets via my US Airways flight and hotel package with the Monte Carlo hotel. For years I've heard of how great this show was. I've seen the commercials over and over of the blue men banging on pipes and making big messes of things. I was really looking forward to finally seeing them, and in Las Vegas.And then came the day, which turned into night and the the final hours, then minutes of waiting. Well, the free tickets had us sitting in the 3rd tier way up at the top in the back of the theater.  I guess the view wasn't that terrible. But what do you expect when you get free tickets? I could see the that the people in the first three rows from the stage were given ponchos in the event that spray and spatter.In the beginning these giant floating eyeballs come out and make their way over the audience like those old screen savers from the 90's. That was kind of weird. I guess they were supposed to symbolize that You are about to enter another dimension. A dimension not only of sight and sound, but of mind. A journey into a wondrous land of imagination. Next stop, the Twilight Zone! Oh wait, Blue man group.The show proceeds with lots of flickering light and tremendous sound from beating drums and pipes. Then goes into some antics of tossing things around and making messes. Then more banging on things. They brought a couple of audience members for a couple of "bits". One I thought was "cute" involving a box of hostess twinkies. However, I'm thinking that the people they brought up were planted there or were preordained by the show. Then more sound and illusion with these giant iPads.  For the most part the show was good, but I found myself falling asleep. I'm not sure if it was jet lag from my flight from Washington DC, the long day I had from walking around Vegas, or maybe the couple of shots I had right before the show.  There were some parts where I was looking at my watch wondering if we were close to the end.I finally snapped out of it at the end, not because it was finally the end, but because the finale  was pretty rocking like New Year's Eve at a beach party or rave.So my final thoughts on the show. I'm glad I saw it and it was free. Not sure id jump at the chance to see it again. Maybe.
4	We bought discounted tickets at tix4less on a whim. My husband and I had seen Blue Man Group 10+ years ago, but now we were with our kiddos 8 & 11 and we wanted to take them to a fun event while in Vegas. This was perfect. It's funny, even somewhat educational, musical, visually entertaining, audience participation is great, and best of all the kids were completely enveloped in the performance. It was a bonus that this act was completely different that what we had seen before. It was a new experience for all of us. Highly recommended!!
1	I had heard many good things about this show so I was excited to go. Spent almost 150$ on the ticket. It wasn't the biggest disappoint and I was counting down the minutes till the show ended. It was not funny at all. Not entertaining. Best part was when they dropped big balls from the ceiling and the audience got to dance around for 5 minutes. Other wise I was pretty miserable the entire show and my whole family felt the exact same way. Stay away from this show.
5	Out of this world amazing. We'd been trying to see Blue Man Group for awhile now, so we decided to do Christmas right and see them on that day. The show is trippy, catchy, funny, and so many other unexpected things.There was a hilarious scene where a blue man took a toblerone, handed pieces to my husband, had him toss them in the air to catch in his mouth, then spit them back into my husband's hand. We were laughing hysterically while an usher handed him a wet nap.Shake your Euphemism was a great catchy song to end the show. We were bummed that the people in our section didn't get up and dance! I purchased the song after the show, and it's part of my gym playlist!
1	My husband and I purchased tickets for our two day vegas trip via ticketmaster, full price at that. I would not sit through this show again for free. I think the five stars comes from the very select few that were chosen to participate in the show. So much time was wasted with the blue man troop carousing through the audience choosing people to be part of the skits. So boring. My husband and I powered through the show but kept humming and hawing and checking our watches. Skits were cheesy and long drawn out! For $75 a ticket I should have had my mind blown. Also it was overly obvious the musical drums were preprogrammed, not being played live. I thought that was the point. It was a big mish mash of pointless cheap laughs. Up the show or lower the price!!!
1	THIS WAS BY FAR THE WORST SHOW IV EVER SEEN! You pay a ton of money to watch someone eat a twinkie in silence for 30 mins, read script from a screen, and have them run around the audience. I feel asleep. Its not funny nor entertaining. They play the same slow beat when they play the instruments. This show should be cancelled. Don't waist your money.
2	I was really looking forward to this show but considering the price, I was really underwhelmed. It's one of the more expensive experiences in Vegas but I found myself checking my watch multiple times during the 70 minutes they performed.To start, there's no intermission. It's a straight shot through the performance. They spend a lot of time engaging with the crowd but not so much that it feels really engaging. They just pop in every now and again. It's really hard to explain what their show is about but it's a lot of lights, using objects as instruments, and paint. There were definitely some highlight moments. At the end they dropped giant balls from the ceiling and streamers on the crowd during their dance number. I enjoyed the instructions the screen and the PA would give to the crowd of what to do for the encore and who to highlight in the audience. Unfortunately, it just seemed to drag.Oh well.
5	AAA has a discount for the show, so don't miss out on that. Also, they were handing out coupons in the casino for 30% off. We went to the 4:00 show on 12/30, and the audience was not full. LOVED the show, and the 11 year olds did too. It was funny, and the audience participation was great (although one of the 11 year olds was very worried about that part). The blue men came out to the lobby afterwards and took pictures with the audience which was great!!
5	It was Fantastic. not sure what to expect but was extremely entertained! recommend for all ages. it will have you laughing and in awe the whole time.
