5	I was lucky enough to eat at the Barrymore for the first time last night. It's going to be the next big thing on the Vegas restaurant scene and with very few tables, once the word gets out this restaurant will be extremely difficult to get into very very soon. The restaurant officially opens on September 17th, but right now they are having what they call in the biz a "soft opening." The Barrymore is located in the lobby of the Royal Resort, it is the perfect compliment to the cool and hip vibe that the Royal House lounge has presented us with this year.  The decor of the Barrymore is phenomenally beautiful and everything from the food to the service is top notch (a big shout out to our server Israel who is amAAAzing at what he does)! We had the lobster mac and cheese, the lobster deviled eggs, tuna nicoise salad, the burger and for dessert, drum roll please.... the best freaking s'mores EVER MADE!!!  Every single dish was a flavor quest in my mouth and I think this place may have spoiled me forever! Also quick tip: try their signature cocktail The Barrymore, it's got orange marmalade in it and the $7 glass of prosecco ain't too shabby either! All in all The Barrymore is a carefully crafted experience that will delight and surprise you at every turn!
5	Coudln't agree more with the other review here on Yelp...I saw the article in Vegas Weekly about this new restaurant and on a whim 4 of us ventured out last Sunday evening...all I have to say is WOW. We joked about reserving a table for every Sunday it was that good. Service was off the charts, prices were probably 30% less than Strip but the food did not suffer in any way, even the wine list was remarkably affordable. The Decor was also very old Vegas but with a new feel and twist to it...Great background music too...This place is sure to be a hit and I for one will not be a stranger!!!
5	The Barrymore is a very welcome addition to the vast array of restaurant choices in Las Vegas. The design of the place is brilliant, and well-thought out...comfortable, intimate, cool.The service is excellent and cheerful. I love it when the people who work at a restaurant radiate the same pride as an owner.The food is outstanding and fairly-priced. I had the short-rib entre which was moist and flavorful. The fries were double-fried and delicious. My dinner companion had the pan-fried chicken, and I was jealous.I'm starting to run out of superlatives, but perhaps the most impressive aspect of The Barrymore is their wine list: a good selection of winesbytheglass, and a well-considered section of "50 wines under $50". I wish more restaurants had that sort of list.I plan on being a regular at The Barrymore. Next up, I'm gonna sit at the bar, have a glass of wine, and try their burger. If the burger is really good, I may have to move into the Royal Resort permanently. Which might not be so bad. It's clear that the Royal Resort wants to be THE coolster boutique hotel in Vegas.  It's already light years ahead of The Artisan so it might just happen!Bottom line: this is the kind of place that conscientious local foodies should support. We need more like it.
5	Amazing!  Definitely a hidden gem and my new favorite dinner/ lounge spot.  The food was delicious and the service was top notch!  Don't be fooled by the location.. this restaurant is intimate and classy.  They remember your name! (who does that?!)Try the lobster devil eggs and the crispy pork belly.. you won't be disappointed.
4	Nice atmosphere, great drinks at the bar and the appetizers were good especially the calamari and lobster mac n cheese. Food was good, not terrific. I'd recommend this for a nice evening out.
5	I had the burger at the bar, with a glass of Qupe Syrah. I was dazzled! What a work of art this burger is! Pure food sensuality!Delicious, and large, and juicy....really juicy.And they know the big secret about burgers: THE BUN MUST AS GOOD AS THE MEAT!!!! The fries are perfect; light, flavorful, and crispy.This is without question my new favorite burger in Las Vegas. Thank God for that, since Bradley Ogden, which used to be my favorite burger, is closing soon.Went back the following week, and had the burger to go....it was just as delicious at home with a couple of glasses of wine from my cellar.
5	Very impressed. I went with my girlfriend on a Tuesday night.total bill was $230 ($100 of that was wine) same dinner on the strip would have cost us  $450 I ordered a bottle of white bordeaux and we shared lobster mac and cheese for the first course. Delicious. An amuse and bread arrived that was a very tasty as well.We shared  French Onion Soup next and both of us agreed it was very good. Just the right amount of onions.For the main course, I had the filet with bordelaise sauce and she had the diver scallops... we shared 1.5 lbs of main lobster. NOM NOM! 5 star! we were so stuffed we skipped dessert. Wine paired great with everything, service was excellent, date night dinner was huge success!
5	Absolutely excellent. The food, the wine, the service, the ambiance, the free video games and shuffleboard in the lobby. Dont let the Royal Resort exterior fool you. We loved this place so much on our first visit that we went back 7 days later. Its become our new date night dinner out place and its only been open for less than a month. The grilled octopus appetizer is great, the Filet with Foie Gras was incredible, and about half of what you would pay for it on the strip, and the Diver scallops with oxtail stew was delicious as well. Its been 5 days since we were there the second time and its about time to head back for our third visit.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
5	My husband and I had dinner here the other night for our anniversary and it was amazing! I had no idea where or what the Royal Resort was and I was a little worried with I first pulled into the parking lot. When I walked into the lobby I felt like I had just found the best kept secret in Vegas. I LOVE the decor. So fun! It is my new favorite dinner spot. I can't wait to go back.
5	Not only is this place amazing but the prices are great too!  We went there for breakfast and ordered the fresh fruit appetizer.  The berries were sweet, unlike other places that serve sour fruit.  The dip was delicious. I ordered the eggs benedict and it was delicious.The service was great, very attentive staff.  The atmosphere is perfect for a dinner date or perfect for a group of friends looking to enjoy some food and wine.  I would say that this place is a must in Vegas!
5	i was absolutely blown away by this place. it truly is a hidden gem. it reminded me of old school vegas, the service was outstanding, the food amazing, the decor beautiful, and the prices beyond reasonable. i had the filet which was perfectly cooked and literally melted in your mouth. i wasn't as impressed with the asparagus strictly because i prefer steamed and plain. everything else though was outstanding. don't let the location fool you, this place is great, will definitely be going back.
5	WOW...WOW...fantastic...don't be fooled by the location...had the curry squash (as an appetizer)...my wife had the filet and I had the scallops.  The drinks are awesome (had the margarita and old fashion).  Ambiance was so unique and fantastic!  WOW!
5	Holy crap!  It is so awesome when you find a place and are completely taken by surprise and blown away at the amazingness it has.  The Barrymore is that place!We went here for our 2-year wedding anniversary, wanting to go to a nice and fancy place without breaking the bank.  When my husband said it was in the Royal Resort, I said, "Where the hell is that?"  Now, when you go to this place, don't let the odd location scare you off.  Just go with it; trust me!Styling...let me set the scene for you: Old, vintage, 1920s Hollywood glamour.  Very cool and chic.  We were seated immediately and noticed there was a TV showing a football game.  A couple of minutes later, the TV was switched off and it turned into a mirror!!!  It was the coolest freaking thing I had ever seen.  The bar area is nice and spacious.  They have an outdoor patio with a really cool fire wall display.  Perfect place to snuggle up to your loved one.Food: Delicious.  The portions are tinier than what I imagined, but the food is so rich and yummy, that it works.  For an appetizer, we had a type of veal carpaccio-ish dish that was spot on.  Oh, and I can't forget about the bread.  One of the types in the basket has bacon in it!  And the crispy cracker one is peppery.  I had the seared ahi for an entree which is served with a creamy polenta.  My husband had the short rib which was soooo tender.  For dessert, we had the cheesecake, and the chef was on Top Chef: Desserts, so you know it was good.Drinks: They've got the handcrafted-putting-weird-stuff-like-marmalade-in-your-alcohol drinks going on here.  I like that kind of stuff.  I really enjoyed the Barrymore 75, which came in a huge glass (nice!) and the basil drink.Best part...2 drinks, an app, 2 entrees, and a dessert came to only $100!!This place is going to be huge!  Go now before people find out about it and gets too crowded!!
3	I guess I'm confused why everyone is going ape-shit over this place.  Yes, it's good, but not OHMYGODDDDD TEAR MY EYEBALLS OUT GOOD!The Barrymore is inside the Royal Casino (Convention Center Dr. between Paradise & Las Vegas Blvd.; across from Ross & Walgreens).As we were trying to find a parking spot (no valet) we were approached by a very pushy homeless man that wanted to crawl into my trunk.  Then when my husband gave him $10 he looked at me and wanted another $5.  Ugh, greedy mother-fer!When you walk into the restaurant, there is a bar with a TV and a few tables.  You can get food served to you in there if you can't get a seat in the dining room.Anyways, I had made a reservation for 7:30pm.  We got there a few minutes early and we were seated right away in the dining room.  There was ONE other table there!  I was surprised for a Friday night that they were so empty!We were greeted by the waiter that was waiting for us and promptly got us a glass of Riesling ($8).  We ordered:*Crispy Fried Outer Banks Calamari ($13) w/ romesco sauce, herbs & lemon.- The waiter said the romesco sauce was new.  It's orange in color would make you think that it might be spicy.  It's good.  I could not put my finger on what the flavors were exactly, but they complemented the calamari.  The batter on the calamari is light.*Shrimp Cocktail ($14) w/ barrymore spicy cocktail sauce.- You get 3 VERY LARGE shrimp that were FULL in flavor!  Delicious!The waiter brought out some bread.  My husband really liked the bread with cherries and bacon in it.  He said that it was better than Vintner Grill's!For our entrees:*Crispy Pork Belly ($23.50) braised with Korean flavors, kimchee fried rice, ginger carrot emulsion.- Now I went COMPLETELY against everything, since I typically HATE pork but ordered it anyways.  It was delicious!  Now, it wasn't crispy, like I was thinking, but it had a nice sear to have a slight crunch to it.  The fried rice was a perfect complement to all the Korean flavors.  yum!*Chicken Mole (special)- This was one of the specials of the night.  The chicken was extremely tender!  The husband ordered this one.  He said that it was good, but next time he would order the pork belly!The service was very good.  We constantly had people checking on us- a few managers, waiter, bus boy.All said & done, our bill $100, definitely not bad for a night out.  We looked at the dessert menu, but nothing caught our eye, so we bounced out.The decoration was gorgeous!  Very rich looking wall paper and reels on the ceiling.  Loved the chic look of the entire restaurant!In the hotel, there is a table hockey that the husband and I were going to play, but apparently someone stole the balls and they weren't going to replace them.  Weird!I would maybe go back for lunch, but I think I would rather just go for a few drinks and some appetizers, as most of the appetizers sounded good to me!
4	Pre-concert snack with gf a few weeks back.Sat at the bar and tried a few libations along with the burger and the lobster mac.  Saturday night - around 6ish and we're basically the only people there ( one other guy at the bar drinking a diet coke . ) I get the fact that it's early for weekend dinner in Vegas standards but from what i understand, they are trying to get local biz as much, if not more from the tourist/convention folk so i'm concerned - granted they are just getting started but ... well, enough of the negativity.  I like the place, i like the vibe and i hope this place kicks ass.The Drinks ?  damned if i remember what they were but they were stiff and cost about $11 ( give or take a $1 .  Sorry, I know, I'm useless ) The food ?  I like that they went ahead and split the burger and fries for us.  And yes, the burger was perfectly cooked AND salted to my liking and i'm glad they used MAYO and the meat tasted great !  I was kinda surprised the burger only cost $13.50 - much cheaper than Holstein's - i gotta believe it's the same meat but dang, i'd swear the meat tastes better at The Barrymore !The mac and cheese - well, it happened again ! I get sucked into the lobster mac and cheese every time i see it on a menu cause it sounds AWESOME .  But after i start eating it, I bitch about it.  why ?!  Because i feel lobster should either be eaten straight up or with some butter - that's it, that's all .  As much as i liked this mac n cheese, i still feel the lobster gets lost a little and lobster should never get lost ! Service was great, and for sure, i will try again for breakfast and dinner.sorry, thought i took pics but i screwed up - i video'd the food !
4	Hip. Swank. Elegant old Vegas feel.That's The Barrymore in a nut shell. We stopped in for some drinks on a Friday night. At first, it seemed like we picked a terrible night for it--the place was jam packed with a huge group all wearing t-shirts akin to those smut peddlers on the strip. Luckily, their party moved outside to the piano and we seized our opportunity to grab seats at the bar.After a quick glance at the drink menu, I went for their namesake drink, The Barrymore. I thought it would taste like the Twin Creeks Manhattan thanks to orange marmalade being one of the ingredients. I was right. It was pretty close and I enjoyed every last drop along with every last ice cube.I'm already a fan of The Royal House and this is just one more reason to visit.
5	I hate to officially tell Yelp what my favorite burger in Vegas is. I'm scared this was a fluke or my taste buds were off. Putting this in writing on Yelp feels so *official*. That being said - The Barrymore wins my vote for best burger in Las Vegas!!! The steak burger with gruyere cheese and bacon marmalade rocked my world and I can't wait to have it again and again. It was GRASS FED BEEF which is huge for me! Healthier and so much better for the environment - I love supporting a place that gets into the grass fed beef. The decor was out of this world adorable and our waitress rocked. I haven't had any drinks or dinner here, yet, but it will be tough for me to come here and order anything other than that heavenly burger!!!
5	What a great find!  If you plan to travel to Las Vegas, do not miss visiting The Barrymore.  Without a doubt, it was the best meal we had in Las Vegas (after dining at numerous high end spots in The Palazzo and the Venician).  Service was attentive and friendly and the food absolutely delicious at 1/3 the cost of the fancier spots on the Strip.  The setting (a bit campy in the Royal Resort) only adds to the allure of the restaurant.  My husband had the burger and I had the short ribs and both were superb.
5	Great food, great service.  If you want a nice steak dinner, you don't need to hit the Strip.  I agree with other reviews...can't believe this restaurant is at this location.
5	Their burger may be The Best in Las Vegas... The english muffin like bun just puts it over the top. The burger has a really unique flavor and texture that at least puts it in the running for one of the best in the city. If you like a really delicious high quality burger and you live/ or travel to Las Vegas, you should put this one on your to-do list to check off and see for yourself. I know burgers, and I know this city... and I think you'll really love it. : )
4	Cool little spot tucked away in an unassuming hotel just off the strip.The new trend in Vegas is refurbishing older hotels rather than blowing them up and starting from scratch.  The Royal Resort, home of the Barrymore, is one such re-habbed and re-concepted hotel.  Others include the Plaza downtown and Treasure Island (now known as TI).Anyhow, the lobby is pretty cool, with a funky pooltable, shuffleboard, and a piano sitting around waiting for use.Whoever did the Barrymore has huge expectations for the space.  They definitely sunk a lot of dough into the place.  It is kind of an odd juxtapolition, actually, alongside the comparatively stark, bachelor-pad vibe of the lobby.The menu is pretty cliched modern steakhouse with the requisite lobster mac and cheese and creamed spinach, stone crabs on special.  Steaks are expensive and served a la carte, sides and sauces extra.  The room is small and a bit claustrophobic.  There were only a few tables in there at prime time and one was an obnoxious birthday party.  When you're forking over 38 bucks for a couple of lamb chops with no sauce or side and 50 bucks for 6 tiny "floater" stone crabs, you expect a certain level of decorum to be observed in the dining room.  The  screaming birthday table was not aware of this unwritten rule, unfortunately.  Oh, well.  Also, the prices were strip-level in spite of the location and the non-union labor.  Casino restaurants generally use union labor which costs about twice what non-union labor costs, hence the higher cost.  Also, they pay higher rents and higher build-out costs.  The Barrymore prices don't reflect their lower costs so I guess they expect to compete with the big boys in the casinos straight up based on quality and service.  Good luck with that.Anyways, the food was good.  The room was cool.  I like the funky location and hidden gem aspect.  I was torn between a 3 and 4 for this place.  I'm gonna bump em up to 4 just for the campy, old school vibe and the film-reel ceiling.
5	Fab-yoooo-lus!   Beautiful hotel lobby, charming little patio, lovely bar, luxe and plush dining area.  That's just the visual feast.  Having had both lunch and dinner at The Barrymore, I can assure you the food and the service are just as lovely.  Our lunch party of 4 enjoyed every morsel of our repast.  We were seated in the smaller dining area.  Our sandwiches were accompanied by mini fry baskets filled with perfectly crisp french fries.  Apple pie for dessert had a yummy buttery crust; thoroughly delicious.For dinner, we were seated in the main dining room, in one of the plush curved booths along the wall (so retro!  I loved it!) and were attended by two friendly and very competent waiters.  We ordered cocktails which were perfectly prepared, followed by wine service provided by the house sommelier.  He gave a good recommendation and presentation; however, we never saw him after that as the waiters did the rest of the wine-pouring for the evening.  The French onion gratin soup was quite possibly the best I have ever tasted in my life.  Diver scallops over oxtail stew were luscious.  The short rib was so tender, like buttah!  The pasta dish consisted of a generous portion of homemade pasta with a veal/beef/pork bolognese sauce and ricotta.  My husband ate the whole thing.Pear creme brulee was true custardy deliciousness, which we enjoyed with our capuccinos.I understand they've only been open for a couple of months which probably explains why the dining room only had 4 tables of guests that evening.  Once word gets out, though, they're going to have a line going out the Royal Resort door!
4	Swanky little place to grab a drink and a bite. Met up with some of the Yelperazzi for some fun. I highly enjoyed the Basil x2 drink. I was not hungry, but what people were noshing on looked sublime and were received with happy nods and mmm's. For the high quality the prices seem very fair so I will be making a point to come eat soon. We went on a unusual night with a work party there so it was crowded and loud before they left and it seems the usual is a quiet little bar to catch up with friends, good for a date or a respectable work meeting. I like the Royal house House and what they offer, this is definitely a reason to visit.
5	Loved, loved, loved The Barrymore.  The ambviance is just delightful and quirky with an old vegas meets old hollywood vibe with the velvet semi-circle booths and inkplot portraits.... It's comfortable and classy at the same time.  The waitstaff has you in the palm of their hand from the moment you arrive until the moment you leave - describing dishes, providing extensive knowledge about the food and its preparation, liberally giving you their recommendations if you are waffling (which I do), getting you set up with the correct before-dinner drinks, etc.  They are incredibly friendly and not stuffy at all and you really feel like you are just getting the most amazing service from someone who is thrilled to be there and there with you.  The sommalier (who I believe is also the manager?  I could be wrong?) is THE BEST!  We told him what we wanted in a wine and what our tastes were leaning towards as of late as well as our price-point, and he outlined several choices, describing each wine in sommalier terms that were technical as well as knowledgeable...  From that, he gave us his final recommendation, which we went with, and of course it was PERFECT...The thing about The Barrymore is that the food backs it all up!  Great service and just amazing food.  We had the lobster macaroni and cheese for an appetizer (sweet lord good) and swooned over the bread selection, especially the one with the bacon and fruit (cranberries? maybe cherries?) baked in....  We then went onto   My husband had the ribeye and I had the quail and we shared a side of the risotto special that day on the waiter's recommendation, and he was dead on.  It was all just out of this world.  Two regrets - we ate at Sage in the Aria the next night and it was a big fat expensive disappointment after The Barrymore... also we were too full to try desert....  something I will regret for  a long time:)
5	One of the best restaurants in the city.  Staff is excellent, food is excellent, ambiance is awesome.  The place has an old school feel and is small and intimate.  Great wine list and very helpful sommelier.
4	Okay...anyone who frequents Las Vegas knows that many of the very best chefs in the world have restaurants there. It is literally a city oozing with 5 star sauces. The problem is, many of the restaurants are jammed into smoky casinos, overpriced, and often focus on the show more than the food.  Sure...go to Switch once and watch in awe as the walls change and the roof rotates before your eyes.  It will be entertaining, and take your mind off the fact that you are about to get a $400 bill.  Everyone should experience it at least once. No pain no gain.For those of you who consider a night "off the strip" somewhat of a victory however, I strongly  recommend that you give The Barrymore a try.  It does not have flashy dancers, crazy lasers, moving walls, ice sculptures, or celebrity chefs.  What it does have however, is old Vegas charm and...oh yeah...excellent food.  The ambiance is more Lionel Barrymore than Drew Barrymore in almost every respect.  The dining room is warm and cozy with plush booths and a classy 40's-style movie motif.  One truly feels as if they might just look in the booth next to them and catch a glimpse of Bogey or Grant sipping on a cosmopolitan with a lady friend.  The staff is great as well.  From the time we walked in and sat down, we received flawless service.  Our head waiter was dressed in a white dinner jacket and looked as if he could have just finished serving Lionel himself.  He was fully familiar with the dinner menu, bar specialties, and did not hesitate to offer his opinion on wine choices.   The evening manager also stopped by our table, introduced himself, and asked about our experience. We dined on NY Strip steak, braised short ribs, and a wonderful risotto. Each dish was well executed, top quality, and very enjoyable. The highlight was a wonderful roasted artichoke, which still haunts my taste buds two weeks later. So, if you are in Vegas looking for a flashy trendy restaurant named after some celebrity on the Food Network, you may be happier on the strip eating a $35 shrimp cocktail with the din of slot machines in the background.  If however, you are looking for a classy, elegant, dining experience with a real "old Vegas" feel.  Give The Barrymore a try.  The difference is black and white!
4	Excellent, it was definitely a lovely experience. The chef had a special that night for some sort of artichoke and risotto dish that was, hands down, THE BEST THING ever!!  It will be on my list of favorite dishes forever!!!  Very beautiful and peaceful/quiet ambiance and we had great service.  I would like to go back :)
1	Not sure how this places gets good ratings, tried to dine here and they had a very rude hostess who only offered seats at awful looking bar after telling me on the phone they had tables.  I will never return.  There are far too many awesome choices in Las Vegas to subject yourself to this type of service and a place that looked like a Motel 6!Wayne Gorsek
4	Excellent and friendly service, 5 stars!  Hits and misses on food 3.5*); I had a nice piece of halibut perfectly cooked on their daily special. The shaved truffle fettuccini pasta ($60, wow wee!) had great flavor but unfortunately rested in a half cup +/- of oil (butter, olive oil, etc?), not good.  Fisherman stew was ok, broth was light in density.  Another diner had the shirt steak special, "ok".2 molten lava cakes were ordered; unfortunately 1 cake was a solid piece of cake (another disappointed diner), need some QC. 2 others ordered the apple tart, nice dessert and large portion (bonus).
1	Don't believe the hype! My husband and I had made a reservation a couple of weeks in advance, yet when we got there the hostess tried to tell us the only thing they had available was an awkward table in the bar area. When we balked it was only then they changed their story that they did have another table.. Something about saving it for another reservation? Huh...Bad start.We order our drinks. I got the Barrymore "signature" cocktail that was all whiskey and not much else, and the waiter had to run to the bar twice to find out what style of beer one of their offerings was for my husband. Obviously had no clue about their beer list. Oh yeah, and my drink was delivered to me by reaching clear across the front of me-- not the end of the world but if you want to fancy yourself as a fine dining establishment you need to nail these little details.The manager came around and shook our hands which I thought odd to do before the meal. Seemed like a nice enough guy but I don't want to touch your man hands right before I eat. We started with the caesar salad and roasted artichoke which were both ok. We noticed all the tables around us had bread so we asked the passing manager if we could get some he responded, "sure I'll get you more bread.." I felt like saying "not more bread, some bread." Sorry to put you out there, buddy!Our entrees were far from spectacular. My husbands strip steak was way rarer than the medium well he had asked for and bloody as hell, and while I ordered the scallops without the oxtail stew since I don't eat red meat, I was surprised that that left me with three... THREE. Scallops. Thats an average of over $8 apiece for these sad scallops. I guess the waiter thought this was perfectly fine and offered no solution like "hey I see you're paying 26 bucks for three scallops would you like something else other than the oxtail stew?" But at this point I didn't feel like putting in an effort, so I let it go. Sides were ala carte-- mashed potatoes were yummy but runny like baby food consistency, and the asparagus was not fresh. Needless to say we did not stick around for dessert and will never go back. I rely on yelp reviews everywhere I go and I was shocked that this was so off the mark!
5	I made reservations for a Tuesday evening. So this is what the Old Vegas was like? The old is in at The Barrymore! Located inside the Royal House Hotel we were seated asap in a plush comfy booth. the decor of the Barrymore is as chic as is the Royal House. I really liked the ceiling decor, which had classic movie reels attached - definitely slick looking. The wallpaper is handmade from what I've read and is classy looking.The wine selection is reasonable and they have many ranging under $50.00I started off with $11.00 Mojito which was tall and strong.  For starters I ordered the grilled octopus - saffron rouille, celery leaf salad - tender and grilled perfectly with a generous portions for two. The bread basket here was awesome and so addicting!We followed with the yummy Barrymore chopped salad - greens, pecorino cheese, salami, roasted peppers, tomato, chick peas & red wine vinaigrette. Our friendly waitress split this for us.For my main entree I went with one of the specials of the evening the Hanger steak. The entry included parnips and a crab sauce.The steak was tender and the sauce was rich tasting and was a generous portion. I also tasted the short rib which was superb.We were so full we passed on dessert so I've got a reason to return back to The Barrymore!
5	I found the Barrymore after looking for the perfect spot to eat lunch upon our arrival to Vegas right here on Yelp.  Though, not sure why it says dressy, it's definitely a more business casual/trendy vibe. WHAT a find! Definitely off the beaten path, but a cheap cab ride (from city center) to a pretty great meal, vintage decor and a terrific bunch of people. A touch of class and personality in Vegas. Don't be surprised if people can't find it and make jokes about Drew Barrymore when you ask where it is. As soon as you turn right onto Convention Center Drive, it'll be on your right hand side almost immediately. For lunch, we started with the lobster mac and cheese. Now, I'm lactose intolerant -- but I will have you know, if I didn't have anywhere else to go that day, I would've eaten it all! YUM.  I opted for the lobster roll and my friend chose the burger. Both were the perfect serving size and tasty. We also enjoyed the signature Barrymore drink which was concocted from Gentleman Jack (which I usually dislike) orange marmalade believe it or not and some other ingredients. Don't judge! It was lunch in Vegas -- cocktails are acceptable this early ;)After speaking with the manager, it turns out they do dinner up pretty big as well. Jerome (I think) runs a tight ship and really pays attention to cleanliness.    While sitting at the bar after lunch to finish my cocktail, I met Monica who was really chill, friendly and helpful. Behind the bar is a custom made TV within a vintage looking gold frame. When the tv isn't on -- it's a mirror.  There's a couple of these inside. I totally want one for inside the house. I couldn't decide what I wanted to drink next (since now we were in full swing of conversation and my previous glass was empty) when I asked if she had a few particular items to make my self-created cocktail, the Hendy.  She executed perfectly and the manager agreed it was the epitome of the perfect summer drink.  I truly hope to see it on the menu then  :)We also met Billy, the owner, who also owns Holsteins in the Cosmo.  (where we ended up for lunch the following day). Turns out the bottomless bloody Mary I was eying, the Hillbilly, which uses beef brisket infused vodka, is named after him. Can't say I tried it -- but had I been there for brunch, I certainly would. Overall -- this new spot is definitely one I'll continue to visit when I'm in Vegas.
5	Go to The Barrymore!  Went to LV for my husband's birthday and tried The Barrymore.  We couldn't have been happier!  It was a quick $6 cab ride from The Venetian and the restaurant was amazing!  Great food!  Great service!  Great atmosphere!  We had an awesome server (Katie?  Blonde?) who explained everything to us and was so friendly.  We had 8 people in our party and had everything from the $15ish burger to the $65 cowboy ribeye and everyone was happy.  We all agreed the cowboy was the best steak any of us had every tasted, worth every penny!  Do not pass up the roasted artichoke app!  I don't know how they cook it but it was the most fantastic thing I had ever tasted!Some of our party spent $20 each and some spent $100, great price range!  Also, the less expensive options were still presented and cooked with the same care as the most expensive!We wish we lived in LV so we could eat here every night!I can't say enough great things about The Barrymore!  Try it and you will not be sorry!Only disappointing part of the night is that they are no longer serving the Smore's!!!  It looked so good online : (
3	If it wasn't for our server Daniel, it'd be a 2-star experience.Service was excellent, I have nothing but great things to say about the service; unfortunately the food is lacking.I ordered a steak tartare for starters.  It was ok; I was disappointed in the choice of using mayo instead of eggs, but that's not too much of a concern.  The divers' scallops were an issue.They came out overcooked (it was rubbery in texture), I took one small bite (probably 20% of the medallion) and sent it back.  They had no issues with it.  What was the issue was that the second dish came out undercooked.  If I had to pick a poison, I'd pick the latter, which I ate; but the core of the medallion was luke-warm in temp at best.  I've cooked scallops that size; it ISN'T that hard to do to get em just right, and I'm not even the cook of my household.  I really hated to have to sent it back because it takes a while to grow scallops to the size of those things and now 1 if not  3 just got wasted for no reason.  The ox tail stew reminds me of some of the beef jerky I've had.  Way too salty, way too chewy.My girlfriend ordered a "crispy" pork belly.  The skin wasn't crispy, actually according to her words no part of that meat was crispy at all.  The piece was too dry as well and not tender.  It was also overseasoned.We went with our friends who recommended it.  I REALLY wanted to like it, because the service was absolutely excellent, but the food really left us disappointed.
5	The yelpers were right. This place was the gem of strip and the find of the trip!
5	This place is definitely a "Keeper". Nice atmosphere and there is a great sense of politeness and respect from the Hostess to the Bartender and to our waiter.The Waiter was very knowledgeable of what the daily house specials were and shared his recommendations. Wanted to get a fruity cocktail but they only had a regular mojito on the menu and we wanted a strawberry kind - it's like what they say; you ask and you receive.The prices were very reasonable - ordered the "Pan Roasted 'Jidori' Free Range Chicken - "pea & carrot" risotto" and "NY Strip 14oz". The steak was ordered to be cooked medium however when it came out it was medium rare. The coolest thing happened; the manager came out and explained what happened and he asked to take my plate to get me what I ordered; in 5 mins it was right out and was perfect. The service and atmosphere in this place is to die for and I will be back here next time I'm in Vegas because it's not about the "lights, camera, action" but about being able to eat your food with good background music and a place that actually acts like they want you to be there. Awesome!!
3	*3.5 Stars*We decided to try the Barrymore after reading the positive reviews on Yelp. The Royal Resort is actual a cute little place on the inside. The Barrymore was decorated nicely. We had a drink at the bar before dinner and then we were seated by the window. Um...let's just say, I would have rather not been seated by the window. The Barrymore is in a less than desirable location behind the strip. I had a view of a giant Ross, and the back of the Circus Circus. No thanks. I believe the ambiance of our dinner would have been much nicer had we been seated somewhere else. It ruined it a little for me. Now on to the food. They brought out some bread and butter to start off with. Parmesan crisps, French bread and some pretzel bread with bacon and cranberries that was delicious. The flavor combo in that bread was insane. We ordered the mussels for our appetizer and they were very good, they had a nice sauce and some grilled bread to sop it up with. For our entrees, I order the strip steak with a baked potato and my husband ordered the seared ahi. First off, let me say, I ordered my steak medium and it was almost rare. I don't have a problem with rare, I just prefer medium. It was seasoned very well and tender but I would have preferred it to be cooked longer. After a few bites, rare is a little difficult for me to eat. The baked potato was uneventful and I wish I would have saved my $6 dollars and the calories. My husband's ahi was delicious. I would recommend that dish.  We ended with the ricotta cheesecake and the sorbet. I was a little disappointed in the cheesecake, it was good but it was tiny. We each had one bite each, it wasn't even half a piece. The sorbet was good, it tasted a little like Thrifty's to me. All in all it was a solid meal. The service was a little weird, we had ordered a meal to go and they forgot, and they switched servers mid-meal. But our server was very nice and gave a good recommendation for a wine to go with my steak that was tasty and well-priced. Don't get me wrong, The Barrymore was very good and we may try it again. It was just lacking the wow factor that I look for when I go out for a nice meal.
5	What a fantastic find in Las Vegas! We loved The Barrymore and I already have it on the itinerary for my next trip to Vegas in March. Let's start with the service, our waiter was lovely and attentive from the moment we sat down. Soon after, the manager came over and introduced himself and told us a bit about the restaurant and invited us to have a look around (as there are two separate dining rooms). The decor of the restaurant is stunning, you expect to turn around and see Dean Martin sipping a cocktail at the next table. Old school Vegas to a T.Speaking of cocktails...the cocktail list was fantastic! I am a Jack Daniels fan so needless to say, I was thrilled the signature cocktail "The Barrymore" featured Gentleman Jack. It was outstanding, as was the Batida Leblon which was completely different but still tasty.Now, the best part...the food! Great breads to kick off the meal with a cherry/bacon roll (yup!) and crispy, seasoned flat breads. The pan roasted chicken with pea/carrot risotto was unbelievable. So fresh and simple but delicious. My friend had the crispy pork belly and was raving about it days later - said it is the best she ever had. For dessert, we had the special which was a pear creme brulee...just fantastic.This was hands down, one of the best meals I have ever had in Vegas and was a highlight of our trip. Oh yea, it is super reasonable too! Go and enjoy!
2	The Barrymore left something MORE to be desired.  After frequenting the Royal House (the hotel bar) and appreciating the ambiance and style, I thought it would be nice to try the restaurant especially with all the rave reviews.  It was a serious disappointment!  The food was mediocre, the service was lacking, and the decor was the only redeeming quality.  The aged cowboy steak didn't have much flavor and was too fatty (the addition of the steak sauce was a minor improvement; unfortunately, it finally made its way to the table when we were almost finished eating) .  The steak sandwich was blah, and you can get a better burger at fuddruckers or smash burger.  The other food was really nothing to write home about.The service was slow considering there were only six parties and the restaurant appeared to be at half capacity. The managers/owners(?) introduced themselves to every other table except ours (there were only five other tables in a small dining room). It took ten minutes for everyone at our table (of five) to be served their entrees, so half the food was cold by the time we could eat it.If this restaurant is supposed to be nostalgic of old vegas, it really missed the mark!  Old Vegas is about good service, good food, and a good time!  If you're looking for a classic vegas steakhouse, go to the Golden Steer.  If you're looking for a similar style, go to the Artisan.  If you're looking for a good time, stay at the bar.All in all the experience left a bad taste in my mouth!
4	Atmosphere - 5 starsService - 5 starsApps - 4.5 starsEntrees - 3.5 starsDrinks - 4.5 starsWe had the calamari and steak tartare for apps, both were excellent.  The breads were very tasty as well, especially the cherry/bacon bread.  Wine was reasonably priced as well as beer and mixed drinks...I like to party, JK.  The entrees were a bit of a miss.  We had the burger and the diver scallops with ox-tail stew.  The burger was good except the caramelized onion/bacon "smear" overpowered the entire burger...scraped it off, was better without it.  The scallops were good but the pairing with the ox-tail "stew" was strange.  Either item on its' own would have been good but they were just weird together...like putting BBQ sauce on a scallop.  Overall, I definitely want to come back and try some different entrees.  The place is reasonably priced considering the quality of ingredients and atmosphere.  Me and the date had all this food plus several drinks, and a few glasses of wine for $120...not bad.
4	Im divided between a 4 stars and a 5 star.I went with a party and i got a steak.  The $65 ribeye for 2 ppl.The steak itself was OK.  I had better and I dont think its USDA prime.  I believe its USDA choice.  It was overcooked and I did let the waiters know and I was offered a replacement.  GIven I was with a party, I didnt want to hold up everyone so i ate it and they gave me a very small cheesecake as a replacement.The steak itself (besides the overcooked part) was alright.  Nothing out of the ball park.  for $65 for 2 ppl servings (I shared with a friend), I expected a little bit more.  More like USDA Prime meat quality.  They steak sauce is AMAZING! You should get the hordnaise sauce, im not spelling it right.  They have their Barrymore sauce too.Friend had the VEGGIE CURRY.  Dont order, its blend and not tasty.Other friend ordered New York steak i believe, its the other one.  Its alright too.BUT,they have AWESOME service! Totally a place to bring a date! Ambiance is awesome, small and cozy.  Waiter is attentive.  They CLEAN your table after you eat and take plates right away.  Take bread crumbs away and very attentive.  Given the price, service and quality, I feel that 4 stars is what this restauant gets.  COme here for a good time, but not awesome food!
5	I had dinner at The Barrymore last night and it was the best meal I think I've ever had in Las Vegas, and that is saying a lot. It's also reasonably priced for this level of dining. My fiance and I each had an entree, a drink, we split a salad, appetizer and a desert and the bill was just under $100. The food was perfection--nicely balanced and not overdone and very creative. The best thing at The Barrymore may be free: the bread they serve. I especially loved the bacon and cherry roll. We started off with the grilled artichoke--a must have. We just had the regular house salad, and I wish all house salads everywhere had this much creativity put into them. The dressing is light and savory, and there was also shaved fennel and some of the freshest grape tomatoes I've eaten in Vegas. I had the swordfish, which was $22 and served on a bed of fresh fava beans with Brussel sprouts. Everything was cooked just right. My fiance had a special: pasta bolognese. The pasta is fresh and the sauce, authentic.   They also have a good wine list and affordable wines by the glass, but if you like the hard stuff, try their specialty drink, The Barrymore, which is what my fiance had. I had the Au Bon Climate pinot noir, which was about $12-definitely worth it. We loved it all: the decor, ambiance wine, service and the price.  I looking forward to many happy dining experiences at The Barrymore.
5	Christmas Dinner.  Fantastic.  Has an old vegas feel, very relaxing and elegant.  We all four had the hanger steak, a special for the day but since added to the menu.  It was worth every penny.  Drinks were the same, we will definitely be dining there on our next trip.  A hidden gem in Vegas.
5	Was here for the 4th time since they opened.  Each time has been memorable which is why we keep going back.  A nice hidden Gem in Las Vegas.  Great  ambiance, food, service and a friendly staff.  Katie our server was great.  We will be back..
5	From the moment we walked into the Royal resort we loved it, lobby really swanky. Then we walked into the Barymore and it was even better, Decore is old Vegas 70's style but modern. Hostess to greet you as soon as you walk in, nice bar, stellar drinks, i loved the Barrymore made with Gentlemen Jack!! They have a cool little patio with a fire pit and the main dining room with the big booths was really retro and romantic. We started off with the foi gras and the steak tar tar, loved the first the second could have been a little more seasoned with a little kick. For entree my wife had the lobster, nice plating and agaist my wifes wishes  i could not pass up the steak house burger, it was huge and delish!! Apple tart for desert, very good. Service was good, nice pace on bringing out courses until we were finishing up entrees. Waited a bit for the clearing of plates and ordering dessert and actually getting the dessert and check. Over all we will def be back, hidden new gem, this is wherte i am sending people i know and people i meet when i am at work!!
5	A must visit in Las Vegas! Beautiful room,  great food, spectacular wine collection & phenomenal customer service. It's a perfect place to take a date, group of close friends or to rent out for a special event. A much Mahalo to Manager Ryan Banda & Israel, we ordered everything that they recommended and we were not disappointed. We started with short rib tortellini (amazing), steak tartar, foie gras, & lobster deviled eggs. Followed by a hanger steak, short ribs, pork belly & sea bass. Compliments to Chef Francisco Campa who was gracious enough to visit us at our table. We were honored. Thank you!! If you live in Las Vegas you will appreciate the intimate room and exceptional customer service. If your planning a trip to Vegas be sure to include the Barrymore in your plans.
5	Our dinner here was wonderful...wait staff very knowledgeable and friendly.  My short ribs were so amazingly tender that they melted in your mouth.  The vegetables that were on my plate were roasted cherry tomatoes stuffed with onions..a surprising treat for the tongue!  the rolls are to die for....especially the flat bread and the bacon/cherry rolls.  Portions aren't huge, which is ok with us...who wants to take leftovers back to your hotel room.
5	Food, service and ambiance here are first rate.We also enjoyed the fact that it was kind of a hidden gem off the strip. Dawn G's description of it being 1940s Hollywood meets present day Vegas is super accurate. A great place for food, conversation and good times. Highly recommend.
5	We came here for breakfast and were very tempted by the omelets and eggs benedict. The champagne flights are endless. We could not bypsss the lobster benedict.  A note of caution for special diets you must inform the kitchen, however they are quite acccomidating. All in all an intimate atmosphere with world class cuisine.
5	Love this place!  Creative chef, fabulous service and over the top ambiance.  In a sea of overpriced, big hotel, big name chef corporate food, The Barrymore emerges with amazing food and I just had the burger.  It was a taste sensation with the bacon marmalade stealing the show.  Oh yes, the bacon infused bread deserves a mention too.  With wines 50 and Under, you can't go wrong.  If they have room, I'll have dinner for 25 here for my 50th!
5	the original gangsters invites all to a Mob speak easy with Henry Hill, the original Goodfella (3 decades of life in the Mafia)-IFrank Cullotta from casino and Tony Montana from Dark star will be serving.a unique dinner experience.at the Barrymore the barrymore has done this before and it was fantastic the food was outstanding and the upscale restaurant really outdid themselves jan 25th 2012  will be another speak easy with the original gangsters
5	Honestly, one of the best meals of my life.  In some ways I don't want to be so honest in this review.  It still seems like a hidden away secret and I know next time I'm in Vegas I won't be able to get same day reservations and the prices may increase to reflect how amazing this food really is.  Our cab driver did not know of this place at all.  It is Far end North strip (think past Encore near Circus Circus area and just off the strip in a quietish looking hotel.  The restaurant has a good atmosphere not haughty, but classy and comfortable.  Our waiter was excellent.  I had the heirloom tomato appetizer, filet mignon, and cheesecake while my husband had the Ahi, all amazing really truly.  You won't regret going here! We found it through reviews here and on tripadvisor
5	What a great new "gem" to find in Vegas for non-locals!  The Barrymore is "old classic dinning" meets modern "Americano" style.  This place reminds me of an extremely nice cigar lounge minus the smoke and odors that has been renovated by a modern designer  =)The lounge area is very nice area to start off your adventure with a glass of wine or cocktail. They have very comfy seats away from the bar that can be very cozy for two or opened up for small groups.   They have a great sleection of wines and house specialty drinks. The dinning areas are also very nice!  Try to get a booth if you can, it's the best seat in the house. The food is as equally impressive as the decor. They have an award winning chef at the helm and he is excellent!  We choose to eat in the lounge since it was lunch and had a burger with fries.  The burger is grass fed beef cooked to perfection and the fries were more like frites with herbs and salt. It was delish!  We also had a chicken Cesar salad that was also very good. This is a great place for either drinks in the lounge or for dinning. They are open for for breakfast, lunch and dinner so give them a try if you're in the area.
4	Yummy worth getting off the strip for!!
5	"Here's Looking at You Kid"The Barrymore is a wonderful restaurant and bar located inside the Royal Resort Hotel walking distance from the Vegas strip.  Sitting in this restaurant makes you feel like you experiencing what Vegas must have been like during the rat pack era.I was very impressed with the food, drinks, and ambience of the Barrymore.  i loved the decor, the service, and the cozy feeling of this place.  Although the Barrymore is located inside the Royal Resort Hotel, it is as good as any of the best restaurants located in the more contemporary hotels.We visited on a cold winter afternoon for happy hour.  Lobster Deviled Eggs and a Barrymore Burger hit the spot.  They offer a full bar with signmature cockatails.  I had the Barrymore cockktail which offers an interesting distinctive taste all while giving you an alchohol fix, the wife had their margarita which was delish.  The Barrymore offered other cocktails that I would love to try for my next visit.The Barrymore definitely gets my stamp of approval: Q!
2	I found this restaurant on Yelp and was excited with such great reviews.  We called and they were booked.  We asked them to give us a call if they got a cancellation and they called with a 730 available time.  They were very pleasant.We arrived and and had a drink at the bar were seated fairly promptly.  Restaurant had nice atmosphere.  We began with the lobster deviled eggs.  They were definately fresh good for deviled eggs but if lobster wasn't in the name I would not have guessed there was lobster in the dish.  I had the chopped salad and my husband had the dinner salad with balsalmic dressing.  Both were fresh, mine had good flavors.For our main course I had the lobster mac and cheese (the appetizer left me wanting more lobster) and my husband had the the Hangar Steak.  Mine wasn't at all special not even great for mac and cheese and again minimal lobster and no significant lobster flavor.  My husband really didn't like his steak and although small didn't finish the dish.  Really said the flavor was off.  The waiter recognized my husband didn't enjoy the flavor and was very apologetic.  Although my husband would not have sent it back no one really came by to check if everything was ok until it would have been too late anyway.  The waiter did comp the dessert because of my husbands dislike of his dish and was very eagar to make it right.  My husband ordered the molten lava cake and this was really dry without any real "molten" center.I don't like to write bad review but this restaurant is way over rated in my opinion.  The staff was very pleasant but they could not make up for the poor flavors in the food.  We will not return.
5	I have eaten there a number of times now and must say every meal has been outstanding. The roasted artichoke appetizer is absolutely delicious.  The hanger steak I would highly recommend to those meat eaters and when the ravoli is on the menu permanently will be wonderful. The ambiance reminds  me of those old Las Vegas off strip restarurants.  The staff is very accommodating and so nice. A hidden gem.
5	Happy Birthday Kalani!Went to the Barrymore for my friends birthday dinner.  I don't know how he does it, but he always manages to find that special place off the beaten path for dinner.  The Barrymore is located in the Royal Resort, an older Hotel/Timeshare property off the strip across from the indoor skydiving place.  Don't let the exteriors and neighborhood distract you.  Make a reservation and give this place a try.When we walked into the restaurant I felt like we were in a time warp.  The Barrymore has an "old school" Vegas kind of vibe.  Seems like a place where people who don't want to be seen would go, like where you'd take your mistress not your wife...to the booth in the back in the corner in the dark.  The dining room was really intimate and cozy, loved the velvet booths, nice touch.  Ambiance 5 stars!  We started our evening with cocktails, the room demanded it.  I had the Harvest, it was a nice combination of fall flavors.  The wine list is extensive, you could go balls out and order the Screaming Eagle Cab for 5100 bucks.  For the non "high rollers" they offer 50 wines for less than 50 bucks.  We had a great Zinfandel that landed somewhere in between price points and went well with our meal.Our server Oscar helped us navigate the menu and explain the evenings offerings.  We shared the Lobster Mac and Cheese and Pan Seared Foie Gras starters.  I loved the mac and cheese, really creamy flavors that highlighted the chunks of Maine lobster rather than over power it.  I didn't sample the Foie Gras, but my friends were ooohing and aaahing over the flavors.  They loved it.  For dinner we ordered:  The Buffalo Rib Eye, I eat buffalo burgers often so thought this a good choice for something different, great flavor.  I asked for medium rare, but it came out more rare/raw in the center so most of it was left on the plate.  The Short Ribs were nothing short of amazing, so tender and flavorful, the winning dish of the night if you ask me.  The third dish was a Petite Fillet, my friend said it was like buttah.  We all shared the Asparagus Risotto, crisp asparagus with creamy rice, yum!No meal is complete without a little dessert.  After consuming the delicious bread selections, appetizers, and entrees we elected to share a little something.  Kalani chose the Creme Brulee, his favorite and a must try all over the planet.  He was not disappointed with this preparation.  A great birthday feast for my friend Kalani.  A great weekend in Vegas.  I cannot wait to see what the birthday dinner will be this year....after all, his birthday will be on 12-12-12.  Hmmmm....we've got a few months to figure it out~BTW,  I saw an amazing cheeseburger and fries walk past during our dinner service.  I'm sorry I didn't make it back for a late lunch to try it out...  Next time I guess...
5	Went here as a solo based on all the great Yelp reviews.  Burger was as good as advertised.  My waiter, David, was not only friendly but very attentive.  Service, especially for a solo, is always hit or miss.  Thankfully, the service was just as good or better than the food.  Definitely recommend.
5	This place is great! The food is awesome, the service is impeccable - manager Ryan is awesome. You must try the steak tartare, grilled octopus and roasted artichokes as starters. I would suggest doing apps family style as they are all so good. For dinner, the pork belly, scallops, short ribs and rib eye are all amazing. The Barrymore steak sauce is great with the steak, as is the fois gras!! For sides, you can't beat the mashed potatoes! Definitely a must of you are in Vegas.
5	The cocktail list is delightful and full of fun concoctions and quality ingredients. Changes seasonally.Highly recommend The Virginia Hill: Pisco, Lillet Blanc, peach syrup, fresh lemon juice, egg whites, and sage. Delicately smooth texture, herbal notes with a balanced flavor profile of fruit and citrus. And at $12 very reasonable for the amount of work the bartender had to put in to make it.Will definitely be back!
5	My wife booked us a reservation here late last year, and I must admit I was a bit skeptical heading into the outing.  I'm used to dining within the various casinos at a variety of restaurants with top notch chefs and glitz and glamor, but this place was well off the strip in a hotel I had never heard of.Expecting a typical steakhouse, when I saw the menu I knew I had to try a number of the appetizers.  The seared foie gras was excellent and the fried calamari was fresh and not greasy at all.  Also, they brought out some bacon cherry infused bread that was extremely good as well.  Since I had eaten steak the night before, I ordered the steakburger, which was very reasonably priced.While it looked good on the menu (Gruyere cheese, bacon marmalade and some kind of tomato), I thought it would be like any other burger.  Oh my, how I was mistaken!  Similar to the experience of enjoying a great movie you had never seen previews for or heard anything about, I was immediately blown away after my first bite.  I'm very much a good burger lover, and this was by far the best all around burger I have ever had!  It had a soft sponge type bun that didn't get soggy, a very full and juicy patty that was ground sirloin, amazing cheese, and the best tomato that was somehow pureed and grilled?  All these flavors combined into a juicy treat that formed a completely unique flavor of burger.  Adding in their special steak sauce at the end was the kicker.  I am actually somewhat saddened as I write this review that I won't be able to have another one until my next trip to Vegas, however I will most likely be booking that very soon.  Kudos to a very friendly, accommodating and knowledgeable staff that made the experience all the better.  This place is my new favorite Vegas restaurant.
5	This is one of my new favorite spots. It's somewhat hidden over in The Royal Resort on Convention Center Drive.As you enter into the lobby of The Royal, the Barrymore is off to the left. As you walk in you get a feel of those classic old cocktail joints of days long gone.The one negative side to the bar is that it is TINY. there is room for about 6 or 7 people to sit at the bar and not much room to squeeze between. During the warmer months there is a nice little patio out front. The place is much busier at night and the bar is fairly dim, but it has a nice pinkish orange glow to the room that really sets the mood and kinda makes everyone in the room look like a moving Instagram photo.The cocktails here are amazing. Not quite on par with Vanguard...but they are ALMOST there. The food from the limited amount I've had is even better than the drinks.I started with the Lobster Deviled Eggs. They were great, but just not as good as I've had before. But I could have cared less once I took the first bit of The Steakhouse Burger....I'm not even going to try to describe what is going on with this burger because it just wouldn't do it justice. I think others have said that this is the best burger in town. Let's just say that as a burger aficionado I have to second this statement, & at $13.50 it is a great value at this spot.The menu is not the cheapest in town by any means...but i will put this menu with its price point and originality against any other place in town. The other great item everyone should try is the fries. The fries are perfectly crispy and deep fried and are flavored like Hot Fries.I ate in the bar so I did not get the chance to eat in the dining room but its also a very intimate and unique spot. I'm sure I'll be here several more times and I'll update as I try more of the menu.
3	The folks behind lbs, Holstein's and a few other of my top burger spots in town just opened up The Barrymore at the little-known Royal Resort just off the Strip, and I was more than excited to see what else they had in store for me. I've read a few things about the place since it opened, plus the pictures of the interior looked like my kind of spot so I really had some high hopes that I would be walking into my next go-to restaurant. All of these things surely added up to a great burger right? Not so much.The restaurant itself has a great interior; contemporary, hip, kind of reminds me of the Vintner Grill but maybe a little fancier. There is a really small bar at the front, and I think two different dining rooms, seating a total of only 50 people I think so reservations are probably recommended. The Royal Resort is pretty cool as well, the lobby could still use a bit of work with their ceiling tiles for example, but I'm sure the average person won't notice this.The menu looks great, I would definitely go back to try many of the items that sounded delicious, but as usual I'm there for only one thing. I did manage to sneak in the lobster mac & cheese before the burger came out; it was decent but not amazing for $13. I've also heard from many people that they have a fantastic cocktail menu which I wasn't totally in the mood for on this visit but would definitely be willing to go back for.The Steakhouse Burger on the menu is listed as grass-fed beef patty, bacon marmalade, gruyere cheese, frisee, oven-roasted tomatoes and garlic aioli. That's quite a lot of flavors packed into one assembly, and I was almost nervous as to whether all of those would be able to stand out or if some would overpower the others. The burger came out with a very strange looking bun, and pinned with a wooden steak with the lbs logo on it which I thought was odd, but made me even more excited because I haven't had a bad burger there yet. Maybe it's because we weren't actually at lbs but this wasn't up to par. The meat had good flavor, was definitely cooked medium-rare as ordered, but the toppings and bun added up to something just short of working for me. As predicted, I think the toppings all kind of got lost together, although if you isolated and pulled out individual bites of each they were quite good. The bacon marmalade was probably my favorite, and the bun really detracted from everything for me. The bun to meat ratio was ok, but the bun itself was very dry and just really odd. Overall it was ok, but not at all what I was hoping for.The fries were good; they had a bit of seasoning and good flavor, and luckily were included with the price of the burger otherwise I'd say the $6 for a side order of them is a bit much. My friend ordered asparagus instead of the fries and we were sadly charged an additional $7. I understand that some menu changes come with an additional fee, but I wasn't too crazy about that line item on our bill even given the 'fanciness' of the restaurant. If we hadn't done any strange swaps, our meal would have come to $27 for the two burgers which isn't horrible given the location just off the Strip as well as the interior of the restaurant, unfortunately I thought the burger was just ok. My friend liked hers, but I thought it could be better. If you want to spend about the same on a really great burger I'd say go to Holstein's if you're on the strip or lbs if you're out in the suburbs. But if you want to check out a really cool looking restaurant and eat some other great food definitely check this place out.
4	This place has such a gorgeous interior and it's definite plus that it's located inside the Royal House!I ordered  the Steakhouse Burger ($13.50) - grass-fed beef patty, bacon marmalade, gruyere cheese, frisee,oven-roasted tomatoes, garlic aioli. I think my favorite thing about the burger was that they used English muffin bread rather than your average burger buns. It really gave it a different texture and added to the mouthwatering flavor. The dish also came with a cute basket of very crisp and perfectly seasoned fries. Along with the burger, we shared some calamari that came with romesco sauce. The romesco sauce was definitely a nice complement to the very crisp and flaky calamari. For dessert, I ordered the pear creme brulee. It was a lot larger than other creme brulee dishes I've had elsewhere, but I'm not complaining ;) It was divine.I can't wait to come back here, especially to try some cocktails!Tips:*Make your reservation through Open Table*Try the Chocolate Coconut hot tea!
4	I thought the Barrymore would be a lot bigger but I was pleasantly surprised to see how cozy the dining room is. The dining room is beautifully decorated and really nice. I came by with Jadira R and she's right, the calamari was delicious. Perfect texture inside and out. I had a Caesar salad that was good and a bit different since all the lettuce was thoroughly chopped. For dessert I got the gelato which had a strange flavor to it but it was still pretty yummy. I also stole a few bites of the creme brulee and that was amazing. I'd give them an extra star if the service was more consistent but I can certainly understand why it's so popular (by the time we finished dinner, every table was full). Will be back!!!
5	Lobster mac & cheese was killer the roasted artichoke was also amazing amazing The New York strip was top notch the sauces are produced in reduced red wine was  also incredible, bernays sauce was better than good, some kind of bacon bread nice, Just one great dinner
4	Made a call to The Barrymore last week to see if a reservation was possible with very short notice. The young lady who answered the phone was very accommodating and set us up for dinner at 6:30 p.m.. Arrived early to have a pre-dinner cocktail and was met by a very friendly accommodating staff/bartender. From the bar it was on to the dining room which I found to have the ambiance/tone of cool "old" Las Vegas establishments of years past. Service attentive and not too pushy. Appetizers fabulous, foie gras, and tartare. The wine list good and reasonably priced. I was also impressed with the by the "glass" selection and it's  pricing, reasonable. On to the main fare. We were a party of three ladies and decided to share the bone in rib eye for "two". Our server was very accommodating with our "share" request. Once the main course arrived and tasting was done, I would say that the rib eye was one of the best steaks I have had in some time. The steak was huge with leftovers to take home after getting our fill at the table. Dessert of chocolate molten cake and we were set. All in all a great evening with an uber cool "old" Vegas feel. One note to management, your dining room music selection/ variety was some of the best I have heard in a restaurant. One comment being that the sound system seemed a little lacking the night we were there. One doesn't want dinner conversation overpowered by music, but thought I should give this observation a mention. Thank you The Barrymore, we will definitely be back. Cheers!
5	My buddy and I arrived early and had an hour to kill before our Saturday night reservation. We had a seat in the lounge area and decided to have some appetizers and cocktails. The waiter was very knowledgeable about the wines and the drinks. The special app of the night was Frogs Legs, which I hadn't eaten in years. I ordered us up an order of those and the Lobster Deviled Eggs. The Deviled eggs were very rich with the truffle oil and caviar topping and had that touch of lobster flavor from the diced up pieces of meat in them, but didn't overpower the eggs. Awesome!!The Frogs Legs came out and were fall off the bone tender and highly flavored. My buddy had never eaten them before and was a bit shy about trying them but did and loved them also. Killer app.We were seated for dinner afterwards and ordered 3 more apps to share.....the veal loin with tuna sauce, the roasted artichoke, and the beef tartare..........all incredibly delicious!! Very impressive.I ordered the lamb rack medium rare, and my buddy ordered the special bone in cowboy ribeye medium. My rack was perfectly cooked and melt in your mouth tender. My buddy's steak was more towards Medium rare/rare, which to him was  a bit of a turn off. We sent it back and it still came out rarer than requested. Funny, as I recall seeing multiple complaints on websites about undercooked meat. If it was me, I'd have eaten it but then again, that's my preferred way to eat a steak. I tried his and it was sublime.The waiter was annoyed at the kitchen for his steak misstep, but was very attentive , knowledgeable, and nice.Overall, the atmosphere was great. Staying on the strip on a Saturday night in the Cosmopolitan was absolutely insane busy, and so were their restaurants. It was terrific to be able to have a meal where it you could actually have a conversation and not be at all rushed, in such a tranquil atmosphere. Their pricing is also a bargain when compared to the hotel restaurants also. Go there with confidence that you will have a memorable meal and mention to the waiter to make sure your steak needs to be medium, if you like it that way, or the chef will err to the underdone side.Awesome restaurant and atmosphere and food to die for made for a memorable evening.
5	The Barrymore...intimate, classic and swanky. If you want an evening of modernized Rat Pack-inflected glamour in Las Vegas, this place will deliver. You can't help but "ooo" and "ahh" over the decor that includes chi-chi wallpaper, deep dining booths with golden eagles on each end and a ceiling lined with golden, classic antique movie reels.As the other reviews state, the lobster deviled eggs and the lobster mac & cheese with truffle oil are a must. I even tried what was thought to be a simple shrimp cocktail but in reality was a colossal appetizer fit for a meal.The service is supreme and the adult libations will surely take you back to the classier times of Las Vegas.
5	The Barrymore is a gem of a restaurant. It was certainly one of my favorite dining experiences. They didn't miss a beat from the beautiful old Hollywood glamor interior to the presentation, taste and pacing of the entrees. Their mixologist crafted fine drinks that made the evening feel more like a special event. The highlights of the night were the "The Barrymore" drink, lobster mac and cheese, lobster deviled eggs, the complimentary bread (omg) and creme brulee. Tips: The Barrymore is a cozy 1400 square foot restaurant so make sure you have reservations well in advance. Arrive at least 30 min early to your reserved time so you can enjoy a pre dinner drink at their well appointed bar.
5	This place is so charming. Food was great, service was spot on, and the atmosphere of the place is incredible. I can't wait to return for dinner to see the place at night. If your a local, it is well worth the drive to the strip!
2	If you like ungracious and inhospitable environments with ungrateful, unaccommodating management, this is your place. There's no place around that shows less appreciation for an over $1,500 dinner bill. The food is good and they've done a nice job designing the ambiance, but there are a million places that have that in Las Vegas. Service should be of the utmost importance, and it's not close. I will recommend their signature cocktail, The Barrymore, however, because it makes it easier to deal with the staff.
4	The Barrymore is owned by Block 16 Hospitality which also operates LBS Burger, Holsteins, and Public House. In short, these guys are killing it! I can highly recommend every one of these restaurants. The Barrymore is in a strange north strip hotel location that is not all that appealing from the outside. Once you get inside the restaurant that all changes. The decor is unique and it has a very nice feel. On the night I was there it was getting a little loud in the main dining room although it was mostly from one large party. My wife and I both tried one of their speciality cocktails. She had the Harvest which is an an apple cinnamon drink that tasted just like an apple pie. I had the Basil which is a burbon drink with basil and lemon. It was one of the most unique cocktails I have ever had and also one of the most delicious. They also have a 50 under 50 wine list which is great for those of us like me that are pretty ignorant about wine and don't often buy expensive bottles.I had Lobster Deviled Eggs, a tomato and mozzarella salad (a special that night), and the Short Rib Entree.The Lobster Deviled Eggs were delicious and topped with a bit of caviar which added a great salty taste. My problem with them was that there was little to no lobster taste. For a $9 egg, I was expecting some lobster chunks.The salad was amazing. They didn't re-invent anything here, but the dressing was perfect, the tomatos fresh, and the cheese was some of the softest and most delicious mozzarella I have ever eaten. A real winner here, I would order it again if it was on the regular menu.The Short Rib was a generous portion with carrot mousseline (puree), red pearl onion, bacon marmalade, and natural jus. The meat was for tender and delicious. The pearl onions were pickled which made for an excellent suprise. I don't think I even need to get into the bacon marmalade, it was just as good as you might expect.Great food, great service, unique cocktails, I'll be back here!
4	Truly a gem of a place.  The menu is exquisitely composed.  Bar is well stocked with good classic cocktails. Although some item lacked in temperature, they made up for it in presentation and over all flavor profile.  I will go back and elaborate more on individual dishes next time!  Mean while go check it out, you won't be sorry!
4	What a cool place! I was lucky enough to attend the private event last weekend. The decor was gorgeous- it had a classy old-fashioned lounge feel. Very comfortable. The food was -amazing- Especially the Octopus. Anyone who thinks octopus is chewy- this was like butter. I am drooling right now just thinking about it. I would go back here anytime. Their menu is beautiful. Prices are not too bad for the quality. LOVE.
4	Fun ambiance. Great place to go when all the strip restaurants are crowded -- being off the radar is an advantage!My meal was very good quality, but not especially memorable, except for the really fun short-ribs dish. (I don't share other reviewers' enthusiasm for the lobster Mac & Cheese. Too salty to taste the lobster, and bread-crumby texture didn't appeal to me.) Service was very good.I don't think it competes with some of the world-class restaurants on the strip, but good value for the money, funky atmosphere, and good service make it a fun destination if your top-tier choices are overwhelmed by, say, a conference crowd. Although it's tucked away where a visitor wouldn't find it, it's only a 5 minute walk from the Wynn/Encore.
5	I think I found my new favorite restaurant! Or at least in Vegas... Upon entering The Barrymore you can immediately tell you are going to be dining somewhere special. The "old Hollywood" theme was trendy, yet very inviting and comfortable. Definitely not what I would expect for an "off-the-strip" restaurant. We arrived about 30 mins before our reservation and were directed to enjoy some cocktails at the bar until our table was ready. We decided to go outside to the patio, which was decorated with plush couches and lined with a fire pit. The host (possibly manger) was very attentive to our needs and we were relaxing with drinks in no time. Within a few minutes we were invited to be seated at our booth. They say you can tell a great restaurant from the bread, and the cherry bacon rolls were all the indication we needed. To start, our table of four decided to split the lobster mac & cheese, roasted artichoke and calamari. To our delight, the appetizers were much larger than anticipated. If you pick just one app to start, you have to go for the lobster mac. It was the best part of the meal! The noodles were perfect for holding the creamy marscarpone cheese sauce, which tasted like it had hints of truffle oil mixed in with the lobster chunks. Pure heaven. For an entree I got the sea bass with brussel sprouts, which had a perfect sear. My table also enjoyed the ahi tuna (with delicious polenta) and filet. We were completely stuffed after the meal but managed to make room for dessert since it was a double birthday dinner. We ordered the chocolate cake and ricotta cheesecake and the waitress served them with candles. Both were absolutely delicious and delicately portioned to not put us over the edge. I would highly recommend this restaurant. The service was spot on, prices were reasonable and food was delicious. I can't wait to come back the next time I'm in town!
5	Love this place!  Almost don't want to write such a great review because I want to keep this place to myself.  Fantastic service, food, and drinks.
2	Way too expensive for what it is.  I ordered a beer and got a 8 ounce glass half full of foam.  My date's cosmo was the same size as the beer.  Bread baskets were full of mediocre store bought bread.  Entrees were best thing, but still not as good as if I woud have made my own short rib in the crock pot at home.  Baked potato was completely average.  Atmosphere was okay once you got past the fact you were in a dumpy hotel on the wrong side of town, and the service was attentive (only area that gives this review 2 stars as opposed to 1).
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas... Great atmosphere...great food (grilled octopus and rib eye for two are two of my faves!) - great wine list! You must come here for dinner!!
5	This place is truly magical in this land of wonders. We were about one whole hour late and yet me and my brother were promptly seated by a very inviting hostess. We started with a cherry bacon roll as bread omg f in delicious! and me and my brother ordered the grilled octopus as an appetizer! it is so great the texture is perfect! and as our course we ordered the steakhouse burger!(i know we looked like cheapos as this is a fine dining establishment but i did not care nor do i regret my decision) overall amazing food, awesome service and great management! thanks isreal and chris!
5	I AM HAVING A FOODIE MOMENT. I rarely here the BF say that.We wanted another nice dinner for our anniversary weekend and settled on the Barrymore. I've come for drinks before and the BF and I attended the Elite event which left positive impressions. BF started off with the Basil2  and I had the Virginia Hill. Both were good but the Basil was our preferred. We were given a bread basket with lovely bacon cranberry bread, french bread and some cheese crisps to start off.We shared the Outer Banks Calamari - it was tender and had a very light and crisp batter. The romesco sauce complimented it well. Seared Ahi Tuna-  Polenta was creamy, braised greens was nicely cooked and pinot noir reduction was just right to compliment the tuna. I normally don't get seared ahi as most do a predictable light flavor pairing or Asian flavors but the sides of this sounded interesting. Glad I took a chance as it was absolutely delish. I will definitely be ordering this in the future. Mediterranean Sea Bass - fish has a nice crispy skin and creamy meat. The white bean ragout w/ bacon and seared brussel sprouts were nice with this and adds a element of "comfort food" to a usually light fish. This was also a good dish, but just a smidge salty in the beans for my taste, but was fine for the BF. Sweetooth needed to be fulfilled and was met with thyme infused creme brulee with pear and a caramel crisp and a ricotta cheesecake. I enjoyed that both had a savory aspect to them. This was solid as far as creme brulees go. I normally will not order a cheesecake but this was much softer and less dense what is usual. It  almost felt like it was a cheeseplate into a cake. I would've spread that on graham crackers if had some. Service was friendly, unobtrusive and attentive. Definitely keeps to their swank old school look with courteous service like what grandma talks about they had in the heyday of Vegas. It's not cheap food, but it was worth the price. We had a groupon to use but for the food quality even at regular price it is quite reasonable considering this is quality that you get at places on the Strip for much more.The BF went as far as to post on his FB about the Barrymore and our dinner and declared that this was far more impressive than our previous night at the pricier Scarpetta. He already wants to go back. I do too...for more drinks and lunch!
4	I saw that The Barrymore had been written up as one of the best new restaurants in Vegas so I jumped at the chance to eat there during my last trip.The Barrymore is located in the Royal Resort at the north end of the strip but technically off the strip.  The hotel lobby was pretty nicely decorated and furnished with a pool table, foozball, and there was even a pianist playing on the piano! Swanky!I seriously love the decor of the main dining area with the old school movie reels on the ceiling.Our waiter was super sweet and very helpful with menu selections. I had the signature Barrymore cocktail which was heavy on the whiskey with a slight hint of orange. It probably would have been more delicious if I hadn't been sucking down on a football full of daiquiri all day... sigh. The table shared the calamari and lobster mac n cheese. The calamari were lightly breaded and super tender - loved the romesco sauce with it!  The lobster mac n cheese was rich and decadent, definitely cannot eat too much of it in one sitting. For entrees I had the pan fried sea bass with a bean ragout and crispy baby brussel sprouts. Everything was super flavorful and I must admit my favorite thing on the dish were those crispy little brussel sprout bites!At the end of the day I'm only giving The Barrymore four stars because although the food was delicious and flavorful, it wasn't mind blowing or extraordinary. Solid though.
5	I terrific steak place!  If you go, ask for Emily as your server....she is sweet and is a great waitress.  I would go again!
5	This was easily the best meal we had in Vegas. We were very concerned with getting to this restaurant, as some people said you need to drive and we didn't know how far off the strip it was, but we took the deuce to convention center drive and it was a VERY short walk to this place, so no fear there. We came here in the middle of the afternoon and were the only people in the dining area (there were a few people at the bar). The place is super kitschy, with movie reels all over the ceiling and a real funky hipster feel. We started with the matzo ball soup. The veggies were still a bit crisp and tasted very fresh. The matzo balls were a good, firm consistency. The BF got the steakhouse burger. This was one of the best burgers he or I had ever had. Oh mah gawd. It is served on a giant english muffin with bacon jam....He ordered it medium well and it was juicy and amazing. The flavor of this thing was RIDIC! I want one right now and like everyday for the rest of forever. I got the steak frites. Also, incredibly delicious. Kind of different, the steak is served piled high on a piece of toast with some aioli or something and some caramelized onions, parm (?) and arugula. Fries on the side. So tasty. I wanted to lick the plate. We finished with a molten chocolate cake and it was sick. So good. All of this for 50$ and we had a groupon for....50$! It could not be any better. For Reals. This is a must try in Vegas, I only wish there was one in Phoenix.
5	I bought a Groupon deal for this restaurant. We really enjoyed our meal. The portions are not too big, but everything is prepared with care and attention to detail. This is a great place for a date or to introduce a Vegas visitor to an eclectic, boutique-type restaurant that does not have the hassle and crazy crowds of the strip. I would take any of my LA foodie friends here.
3	Don't believe the hype. It's odd in Vegas when a restaurant reaches that underground prominence of hip factor. Foodies love it because it's actually good without trying too hard, it's not expensive, and no one really knows about it.  Similar to when the food trucks started out. I felt like one of the few and knew I had to try it. Groupon sealed the deal.This restaurant had none of the pitfalls of other new restaurants: No mass hoards of people, no terrible service, no huge waits, not even cold butter and hard bread or the usual "we'll be back once they settle in". In other words: The restaurant was as it should be.Why 3 stars? The whole app list was shellfish & fish intensive- 8/10 apps. I like apps to see what the restaurant can do creatively on the cheap.  No such luck.The entrees all sounded the same, so much so, the only item worth choosing was the SteakBurger. A burger at dinner, the Horror, I know.  The frisee on the burger gave it a bitter taste, the onion marmalade gave it a sweet taste and the gruyere gave it a musty taste. It was just not doing it for me.  When people say English Muffin bread you think the b-fast toast, but it's closer to a warm Foccaia type softness and airiness. Overall, this burger was a conundrum.The dessert list (all $8.50) actually had apple pie with sorbet on top! That didn't even read right. We got ricotta cheesecake, which, read better than it looked. A half-circle of cheesecake with a sprinkling of graham cracker crumbs on top served on the cheapest of plates. Quaint dining room, stellar service, but throw darts at the menu when choosing because I'm sure it's all good.
5	We decided to try the Barrymore based on reviews from Yelpers and are glad we did.  The atmosphere was awesome, had the feel of an old smoking lounge without the smoke.  Mirrors, movie reels, leather booths, and low lighting make the Barrymore a romantic spot to drink from their great wine list and eat food that was the quality of food from higher priced restaurants.  We had the mussels and lobster, both were great.  Our server was a wonderful girl who was happy to give us well guided advice on the food so that we could make a decison on what to order.  The restaurant was located less than a fourth of a block off Las Vegas Blvd and could be gotten to from the bus or the Monorail, so don't let it being off the strip stop you from visiting.
4	We had dinner on a Sunday evening at The Barrymore.  The dining room was almost empty but the bar area was full.  It was just a little bit weird eating in an empty room with almost personal service.We started with cocktails, a boubon old fasioned and a belini.  I am always looking for a good bourbon cocktail and although it does not rank in my top 5 I would highly recommend it.  The food was delicious.  We shared an appetizer of fried artichoke which was stellar.  We each has salads (chopped and a bibb lettuce and hearts of palm) and both were very fresh and dressed well.  The salads are quite large and in hindsight we probably should have split one.For entrees we had the scallops and the sea bass.  Both were quite good - we thought the scallop dish was the better of the 2.  The sea bass was quite a lot of food and very hearty.The service from hostess to server to management was really quite good.  I really had a sense that they all really care about this restaurant and will do their best to make their diners happy.All in all really good food in a decent atmosphere (assuming that the dining room is more full).  I'd probaby give 3.5 stars but since that is not allowed I give 4 based on the low prices (probably the least expensive meal we had in Vegas) and the really good service.
4	With Groupon in hand my fella and myself came here for lunch yesterday. We arrived around 12:30 and the place was pretty empty. The parking is very convenient for the Royal Resort. The restaurant is located just off the lobby area and it too was pretty desolate on a Saturday around noon. I understand since this is mainly known as a dinner location, so I gave them a pass there. The hostess greeted us warmly and seated us in the side dining area. There are three areas for dining, the main room, the outside area and the side area. The decor is delightful. I love the retro Hollywood feel. Our server was fantastic. He was very welcoming and friendly. He made recommendations and was very warm and conversational, telling us all about the restaurant and insisting on taking us on a tour of the other dining rooms after our meal. My fella and I started with the lobster mac n cheese and also got the steak frites and the steakhouse burger. The flavors were fantastic. Both of our entrees had slightly too many carmelized onions on them for my taste, but the meals were great. Our favorite dish was definitely the lobster mac n cheese. The flavors were phenomenal. We were literally licking the bottom of our bowl. The burger and steak sandwich were great as well. The bun wasn't my favorite so I ate the burger and toppings on their own. After our meal, we were taken on the promised tour of the restaurant and I was utterly impressed with the fantastic service at the Barrymore. I can't wait to return to try all that their dinner menu promises. Love this place.
5	Thank you yelp!I made a dinner reservation using open table and had no problem being seated and getting the booth we requested. We were there on a Friday at 7pm and the restaurant seemed a little on the empty side. Then dining room was very nice and the service was incredible! There must have been 2 staff members to every person working that night.We didnt order a entree because we were strickly here for the Frenach onion soup and the Lobster mac and cheese. The Mac and cheese was very creamy and wonderful! The french onion was probably the best we have ever had and we eat a lot of it. The broth was really dark and flavorful and the bowl was a decent amount. The bacon bread was pretty darm good too. We were not sure if it would be enough food, but being it was so rich we were both stuffed! The waiter was wonderful and even asked if we wanted more bread.The only down fall which was my fault for not reading was their Bellini was not blended and i have never heard/tried a non frozen version. it was good, but it was really a tiny amount and not worth the $11. I ended up getting 2 Huge frozen Bellini drinks from fat tuesday on my trip anyways HAHA. This place was excellent and we will be back!
4	I came in without reservations for dinner. I wanted to try their famous burger but it wasn't offered on the dinner menu. I was seated in the smaller dinning area located just off the bar area.Started off with a bread basket - the bacon cranberry roll is definitely the standout of the various carbs. For my main entree I went with the Halibut which was served atop of crawfish etouffee. I also ordered a side of mushrooms. The halibut was decent - I've had fresher but the etouffee was the highlight of my entree. I wish the portion of the etouffee was larger! The mushrooms were average tasting.Service was friendly and efficient.
2	Tried the monte cristo. Over priced and underwhelming. Service was slow considering I was the only person there. Sorry. I hate to write bad reviews.
4	I'm glad my girlfriends and I decided to try the Barrymore for a Saturday night dinner on our girls getaway weekend instead of a bigger name place on the Strip.  The service was impeccable, and amen to all the folks who have raved about the cherry bacon bread.  YUM.  We had a really tasty and reasonably priced bottle of wine, a a couple of steaks and the sea bass.  It was all really tasty.  The ambiance is a nice balance of old Las Vegas charm and hipster fun.  Definitely worth a visit and a highlight of our weekend.
5	Celebrated my 30th birthday with the family at The Barrymore and it was wonderful. Started off our meal with a few apps consisting of frog legs (delicious, and yes they taste like chicken),  and lobster Mac & cheese. Everyone's meal was so flavorful with simple ingredients. Our waitress was also very personable and accommodating. Cocktails were creative & refreshing. Even though I didn't get a birthday candle in my dessert I would definitely go back lol ;-) !!
5	Wow! Every aspect of this dinner was simply incredible. My girlfriend and I each were very happy with the entire dining experience and are already planning on returning with friends!We each started off with a cocktail. I had The Barrymore which featured Gentleman Jack and we both agreed that it was very tasty with mellow notes of whisky followed with a nice citrusy finish, a very manly drink. Amber had the Spring Buzz which featured Hangar one wild blueberry, the taste that I had was very enjoyable no real notes of alcohol just a very fresh taste. I could see myself consuming entirely too many of these around a pool.We started with the Grilled Octopus which was amazing, I really don't know how to describe this dish it's that amazing!  It is a MUST HAVE for any dinner here.We then ordered the Pan Seared Foie Gras as our "second course" NomNomNom!  We don't always eat delicious delicious goose/duck liver, but I will say this was the best I've ever had. The lovely piece of foie gras looked like it was placed on a super soft piece of bread that was very sweet and would have been great on its own. We then shared the Spring Lamb Duo which was quite a large plate of tasty lamb parts. The loin was my favorite part of this dish as it was perfectly cooked and went perfectly with the sauce that was on the plate.The only thing I was unhappy with during dinner was that we didn't have any room for dessert! Our waitress Emily was amazing!! Thank you so much!! Everyone at The Barrymore was very helpful and friendly.We can't wait to go back!
3	Certainly no place for a vegetarian. The one option on the menu, some sort of take on curry stew, is ok. If you ask for the pasta selection listed on the menu, it will contain meat, and they will tell you every detail of it even though you already stated you are vegetarian. Atmosphere is cute. I did not feel like I was in Las Vegas when eating at this quiet, dimly lit establishment. I felt the meal was over priced, then again, what isn't in Las Vegas?
4	My husband took me here to celebrate my birthday. I've been wanting to check this place out and what a perfect excuse to throw down some Benjamins. We walked in and I instantly like the place just by the decor. It's like Mad Men meets stylish interior decorator....way cute place! The restaurant isn't too big itself probably 8 booths, 2 large tables and a smaller table. We started off with the Lobster Deviled Eggs and Softshell Crab appetizer. The deviled eggs were good, but probably a lil too oily for my tastes. Softshell Crab appetizer was good, not my favorite but still good seeing as how softshell crab isn't my favorite. For dinner I ordered the surf and turf filet with 1/2 a lobster and my husband ordered the Cowboy ribeye. My filet was pretty tasty, BUT not as tasty as the Cowboy Ribeye that the husband got! Both pieces of meat were tender and flavorful. My lobster was a lil bit over cooked as it was a bit rubbery, but for 18.99 for half a lobster I think that's a bargain. Only thing is that you do have to crack the claw yourself and that got a bit messy. They should probably hand out wet naps just in case for the people like me that don't like to waste food. For dessert we ordered the coconut panna cotta (husband ordered it)....definitely not the best dessert, but I did like the mango and lil almond crispies or whatever it was on top.Overall, service was very attentive and food was good. For all that food plus a soft drink and a beer, it was about 200 bucks so be prepared to spend some money for the good stuff! I know we will be putting the Barrymore into the rotation. =)
3	Ok, so Yelp might have oversold me a bit on the burger :)  It was a very good burger - lots of flavors going on with the steakhouse toppings. But when I order it medium, and my friend orders medium rare, you'd expect to see at least a _little_ pink on one of the plates... still, maybe a 3.5 star burger.The lobster deviled eggs were the highlight, a solid 4 stars (I'd have loved to have seen some chunks of lobster in them!) but the flavors were great.The lower points included us having a reservation at 10:30am (yes, early lunch, but I had to get my friend to the airport right after and this place just got such amazing reviews, I thought it'd be a nice place for her last meal here). Now, I got the reservation on Opentable, but their own website says they open at 8am, yelp says they open at 8am, and opentable gave me a 10:30 reservation. We show up right on time, but they don't actually open til 11. They were apologetic, and were trying to get things going for us faster, but still, for a nice place in Vegas, I'm used to getting at least a little something for being inconvenienced like that --- an offer for a drink or an app for the table would have won them an extra star, but alas.And by the end of the meal, our drinks had been long empty as we were given the check.... and still no refills... There are only 9 tables in the place, a little more attentive service would have been nice, and might have bumped it up to 4 stars, too.I will probably go back - I didn't get to try the mac and cheese (!), but it won't be top of my list for impressing an out of town guest.  Decor is excellent though - nice ambiance if you can get a table.
3	Attentive service, old-school ambience, food was well prepared and presented, but over-priced.
3	Way overpriced @ $14/cocktail.  All of the drinks we ordered with one exception were just whatever despite fantastical sounding descriptions.  The one exception was the Bloody Mary made with mushroom truffle infused vodka, which is no longer going to be on their menu.  Meh!
3	Way too expensive for the quality of food you get. Nice decor and friendly staff though. 5 star restaurant price for 3 star quality food is not for me unfortunately.
4	After having a perfect dinner here the BF and I couldn't wait to go back. We decided to come back for lunch to have their lunch offerings. I was real curious of their lobster roll but unfortunately it got taken off the menu a few weeks prior. We also wanted to know, is this the best burger in Vegas? Grilled fish tacos - these were pretty decent. The fish were fresh and came 2 to a order. I like the grilled pepper and onion on the side - just like San Diego tacos. It came with their fries which were wonderfully sprinkled with fried herbs that added something special to their very crisp thin fry. Steakhouse burger- we asked for medium rare and it came out well done, no pink at all. We haven't eaten a red meat in 5 months so it made me sad that rare meat meal was not. It was juicy enough for a well done burger so I can still tell it was quality meat. The bun was nice and the sweet carmelized onion-y BBQ sauce was fantastic. I dipped the fries in only that So far, to answer my own question - Bradley Ogden still wins. The manager here was really great about it though and was apologetic and asked if he can get us a dessert. We got a coconut panna cotta w/ mango and a pink pepper merengue crisp. Desserts here are a strong point as all the desserts we've had here impressed the BF who normally doesn't give a crap about after dinner desserts.Service was alright during the meal. It trailed off in the end when we were given our check but was held hostage by our server. Nothing gets me more antsy than that. I can wait for good food. I can excuse a bit if it is really busy. When you know a person it trying to leave I would get back to them in 1-2 mins of dropping it off instead of going off. Not also the time you want to make a guest anxious as it is the closest time to tip time. Between the burger and the hostage situation, I think dropping a star is fair. I would go during dinner though. From my last reviews, there's this bartender with glasses and this one male server who is a absolute veteran that will make it shine. My last service and food experiences at night have been stellar enough that I'll be coming back of course.
5	I have too say we had a great dinner here and everything was good. I loved the carrot puree that came with the short ribs! Try it its off the strip a little in a neat little hotel but worth finding.
5	My wife and I were looking for a place for our anniversary dinner and came across this place.  We would say that it lived up to the reviews.  The Foie Gras was amazing.  I don't know how they sear it without it just disintegraing.  The lamb was wonderful, as well as the kobe beef pasta special they had that evening.  Great atmosphere.  Don't necessarily trust open table though.  It said we could only get a 9.15 and we walked over there and were sat at 8.05.
4	The Barrymore is a small roomed restaurant that is for those looking for a cozy/romantic atmosphere.  The plush pale blue booths make it even more so.  The food is delicious, at it should be for the price.  My boyfriend and I both had steaks and enjoyed their extensive wine selection.  Its just a block off the strip in a very unassuming hotel, but the restaurant is worth going to.
5	I have eaten here 5 times now and have yet to have ANYTHING that was sub par. They have, sadly, taken the burger off the menu...after raising the price to $16 removed it altogether. I have a feeling it's popularity was just taking away from the rest of their incredible menu. The pork belly is also no longer on the dinner menu, but there are some new items that have surfaced, including one of the best duck entrees I have ever had. Again, everything on the menu is at a price point that is right in line with the quality. But, not to worry for all of the die hard fans of the burger. I was there recently and asked about the burger, and our server said. "I think the chef wouldn't mind cooking one up for a special request."My suggestions: Softshell crab and grilled octopus appetizers, The duck, Whatever is the daily special, and a side of the bacon and lobster mac and cheese.
2	I don't get all the hype and rave reviews from yelpers. Yes, the ambience is nice and the restaurant sports on some creative decor (there are movie reels in the ceilings!), but the food is just blah and the service is horrible. As a disclaimer, I came here during brunch so you may get better mileage during dinner. We had three types of appetizers that were just flat-out unmemorable: The grilled artichokes, the soft-shell crab and the deviled eggs. The grilled artichokes weren't so bad, but the soft-shell crabs and deviled eggs lacked that "umph". The soft-shell crab needed more acidity to cut it's richness (no - the mandarin oranges simply did not cut it) and the caviar in the deviled egg were muddled. For my main, I had the lobster benedict, which was god awful. The dish,  a layer of soggy toast, asparagus, and lobster served with potato hash, was drizzled in a hollandais sauce that was  too tangy for my taste. The desserts could have also been better. I had the coconut panacota, and I've had many variants of this dish. I've always been fond of desserts with coconut cream as a base, and choosing these type of desserts have never failed me until now! The panacota was paired with fried granola-like coconut flakes that were just to sweet and overpowered the subtle coconut taste. To the chef at Barrymore, try adding hints of lemograss (ala Spring Chicago) and serving it with blood orange (ala NaHa) to bring out the subtle coconut-cream flavor.One star for the food and inattentive server, plus another star for the clever interior design.
2	It is just ok. I'm not a local so I was hoping to find a place off the strip on my visit to Vegas.  The reviews appear to be promising but unfortunately the service and quality of the food was not the best. The restaurant is within a small hotel that does need some renovation. Lobby is quiet and after leaving the cosmopolitan my first impression was that it was dead. Any other place in the USA I probably wouldn't have noticed. The actual decor is nice and in good taste. The place is tiny so I do recommend making reservations. The hostess did offer outside or inside seating. I recommend inside since the outside is a simply patio and the decor of the inside is nicer. Wait staff. Although they were nice an accommodating, it did take awhile (15 min) to get our drinks and some bread. Speaking of bread, I would have appreciated a heads up that the bread has bacon in it. I do my best not to each pork/beef etc so that wasn't cool. The waiter really pushed hard for  the special after I came thinking the scallops might be a good choice. Not sure if that was because of the quality or what but he made it clear not to order the scallops. The food was just 'ok".The Octopus, slight over cooked. They also gave me a huge piece that needed to be cut, not knife so left that on the plate. Foie Gras - not cooked enough, cold. Made the fat taste like fat. Foie Gras can be delicious and this time it tasted like fat. The special and halibut were tasty but not worth ever coming back. The only good thing was the Barrymore drink. That was good. Overall not really impressed. To bad, i would have like to have had a great meal.
3	The highlight for me was the bread basket.  Good cheese lavash, a multi-grain bread with cherry and bacon bits, and sliced baguette.  The cherry bacon bread was outstanding!I ordered the Vadouvan Squash--squash, root vegetables in a rich curry with couscous.  It was good, but I would have liked a bit more curry flavor to the dish.  After dinner, the server brought us a complimentary plate of miniature macarons.  It was a tasty ending to the meal.Service was good.  My iced tea was replaced with a fresh one when I got low on the first one.  Water glasses were refilled.  Our server was super about 5 people paying with cash and credit cards.  The room was very loud when we first arrived at 7:30, but quieted down as some of the diners left.  I like the film reels on the ceiling in going with their Barrymore theme.  I think the place is a bit overrated.  I don't think I'd make a return visit.  The prices don't justify what you get.
5	Killer food. Lobster mac, and cheese!!!
5	Best restaurant I've been to in awhile.  You'll not be dissapointed. Try the Foie Gras.
5	Beef cheek pasta was a really delicious light ragu with wonderful tubular pasta. The house salad with a creamy champagne vinaigrette was a perfect little dinner salad. And they have Nolet gin there which is the best gin ever!
3	The fact that the Barrymore is in the Royal Palace gives it an instantly seedy feel.  It doesn't help that you have to walk through the hotel lobby to use the restrooms either.  I guess the location is (kinda) beside the point.Went for dinner last night and we shared an iceberg wedge salad (they split it for us, which was nice), lobster mac and cheese, and the famous burger.  The salad was skippable.  The lobster mac and cheese was good but I think I was expecting something more monumental given all the other solid yelp reviews.  The burger was definitely the standout of the meal so thanks to yelpers for letting us know that we could secretly order it even though it was not on the menu.  We had a few beers to go along with the meal & the total bill just under $100, not bad at all.   They served us mini macaroons with our bill which was a nice touch too :)  All in all, a pretty good place but probably not one that I will make a concerted effort to seek out again when I am in town.
5	My score: 4.5 stars.At long last! I finally tried The Barrymore.  Because I had waited so long, I felt I needed the full experience.  My group started with drinks at the bar.  Service was excellent even if the beer menu left a lot to be desired.We opted to eat in the dining room instead of on the patio so we wouldn't be sweating our nuts off while we were trying to look classy.  Will definitely be back to try the patio when it is cooler.  The dining room is small and intimate and nicely decorated.  Very old Hollywood.  Great date spot and I am sure our loud asses ruined a couple of dates that night.We started with four appetizers (yeah, I said 4!): Lobster mac & cheese, fried artichokes, lobster deviled eggs and grilled octopus.  I hate mac & cheese but even I liked the lobster mac.  Was not a huge fan of the artichokes but the other 3 made up for it and my friend took care of the artichoke, which she loved.  It doesn't take much for me to love a deviled egg because, in general, deviled eggs are awesome, but this deviled egg really was something special.  Nice lobster flavor and a little dollop of caviar on each egg.  Way to high-class a redneck treat!Since we had such a mammoth amount of appetizers, we opted to go straight to the main courses.  Two of us had filet mignons and 1/2 lobsters with all 3 of The Barrymore's signature steak sauces (my favorite was the Bernaise).  The lobster was a little overcooked but the steak was excellent and the drawn butter covered the lobster nicely.  I also had a bite of the short ribs and sea bass my friends ordered.  I would have gladly eaten either dish as my meal.  Both were great.We also had two bottles of a really good Malbec (can't remember the name) and cashed in my Groupon.  All in all, a great atmosphere, very good food, great service and beyond reasonably priced.  You won't find a better meal at this price point anywhere in town.  Truly a hidden gem in the dumpy litte Royal Resort.
2	We went to the Barrymore for the 3rd time Friday night June 1st @ 6pm. The food was a outstanding as it was before. Our waiter Gabriel was great and very accommodating. We had one major issue. We ordered the blue corpse reviver and it was perfect the 1st time but the second one had too much absinthe in it. So reluctantly we sent it back. Where I was sitting I could see the bar and the wine sommelier sitting at the bar drinking. On the previous occasion we went we had nicknamed him the Wine Douche. The GM Ryan was there as well. When the drink came back to the bar, The wine douche immediately grabbed a straw and tasted the drink. He then begin to shout "That's the drink"multiple times while laughing and said "just make it sweeter". I am starring at him and he doesn't  even notice. After a good 3 or 4 minutes the GM Ryan notices me shaking my head and nudges the wine douche. He looks up and immediately shuts up. At this point you would think a Manager would come over and apologize, Nope! Our waiter Gabriel apologized multiple times. The drink came back but was way too sweet, we didn't send it back just gave it our waiter to take away for fear of being ridiculed again. After we finished eating the GM came by and asked if we enjoyed everything. I said the food was great but we didn't appreciate being ridiculed. He acted as if he didn't know but he was standing there the whole time. He apologized and gave us free desert. He didn't take the drink off the bill though. VERY DISAPPOINTED!!! I would love to let the owner know about this.
3	I'd give The Barrymore four stars for the cute decor/vibe and two stars for the food (which I surprisingly wasn't impressed with), so three stars overall.  What I did love about this place was that parking was easy and off the strip, no hassle for a nice and stress-free date night.  And the food wasn't *bad*, I just didn't think it matched the niceness of the decor.  People's comments about the building's exterior were spot-on...dumpy from the outside but chic on the inside.  Loved the fireside patio, even though we didn't use it (in 100 degree heat haha). Have fun!
3	The third star is just because the setting is nice...the food was just mediocre...half eaten plates were left from all 6 of us at the table...we had a very wide variety from the menu...they make a great attempt is the best I can say...took forever (an hour) to get a limo back to the hotel from there...over all, just eh.
1	Saturday night...45 minutes later...no food!  Poor service!
5	From the best gourmet burger in town to exquisite fine meals served in a truly old Vegas style romantic atmosphere!
5	Atmosphere is classy. Definitely a hidden gem. Ask to dine with Isreal. He made our first experience and first anniversary a very special night. He was attentive but let us take our time. He was highly knowledgable of the cuisine and impressed us with info of the chefs background. Service was smooth with the assistant Karla. Karla's dessert recommendation was exactly what we were looking for. We'll come back!
4	After two enjoyable dinners at The Barrymore spaced weeks apart, I now trust both its food quality and service, and do not hesitate in recommending it to others.  Complimentary assorted bread products in a Bread Basket were hits on both occasions--especially the Cheese Bread.  Lobster Deviled Eggs were refined and excellent: smooth, cool, and sumptuous with a bit of American Caviar and chunks of lobster.  The caviar was noticeable, but the lobster not so much.     The French Onion Soup served here in a lion-headed white crock is cheesy, and my first bowl was very good at first but very salty.  Yet, after stirring the soup, a sweet taste emerged.  My second bowl was excellent from the beginning.  A cool and tasty Caesar Salad was composed of fresh chopped Romaine Lettuce and crisp croutons mixed in an excellent light Caesar Dressing, with cracked pepper to order.  I ate all six halves, because Diane wouldn't touch them.  Olive Oil Poached Alaskan Halibut with Crawfish Etouffee and crispy okra was fine but a little salty and confused looking on the plate.  Glazed Baby Carrots were very good, and Shoestring Fries served in a metal deep-fryer basket were excellent tasting.  I didn't really notice the flavor of lobster in the Lobster Mac 'n Cheese, but the Mascarpone Taglio Cheese was very good.  The Half Lobster Side I split with Diane was not very flavorful, but it was not rubbery.  And, any lobster is better than no lobster!  I liked the Bordelaise Sauce more than the Bearnaise, but both were pretty good.  A charred 8 oz. medium-rare Filet Mignon that was featured with the lobster was very good, accompanied by a shallot and two roasted Grape Tomatoes on the plate.  On my first visit I did not order a dessert, but complimentary green Macarons were generously set before me and my party anyway.  They were tasty!The second time here, I decided to go all in with a warm Chocolate Cake with Hazelnut Brittle, Chocolate Sorbet, and Praline Fudge Sauce.  The oozing all-molten center and combined sweet flavors topped off a delicious meal.Service was very good on the first night, and excellent on the second.  Initially, there was just a wait for Iced Tea in the beginning because it was being prepared fresh.  Ambiance in the main dining room was very dark and romantic, with comfortable cushioned booths, wood tables, and colorful azure place mats.   4-1/2 stars!
4	Another excellent restaurant by the folks at Block 16 Hospitality. I finally made it to the Barrymore a few weeks ago before my Groupon expired. We were seated in the smaller of the two dining rooms shortly after arriving. It was a last minute decision because we realized the Groupon was going to expire the next day, so we had the kid in tow for an early (6ish) dinner.We went with two soups to start. The French onion soup ($8.50) is traditional in appearance and as good as any other version we've tried in town. The vegetable curry soup with crab ($7) was a daily special not listed on the menu that was poured table side. The smooth and rich soup was loaded with a spiciness that was moderate in heat, yet bold enough to satisfy.Normally, their lounge menu isn't available in the main dining rooms, but they were kind enough to make an exception for our kid, who wanted their chicken fingers ($10). The order was larger than expected, with four substantial strips of lightly breaded chicken and a mound of crispy skinny fries.After visiting all the other Block 16 spots, I've noticed that one of their most popular accompaniments to their dishes is their bacon marmalade. It can be found on their burgers at LBS and Holsteins and a few dishes at Public House. You can't really blame them, though because it adds a sweet, smokey flavor to dishes like the short rib entree ($28) at the Barrymore. I prefer the short rib dish at Public House, but the one here still has a mouthwatering, savoriness to it. Although it could have been larger and more tender.On the other hand, the pan roasted Muscovy duck breast ($24) was a generous hunk of meat, cooked medium, with a slightly crispy skin. The creamy polenta and cherry-foie gras jus intensified the richness of the dish, making it easy for me to wipe the plate clean.We split a side of the cream corn and lobster with bacon ($11). My wife liked it but I wasn't a huge fan. Their bread basket was filled with four or five varieties. The bacon roll was clearly my favorite.The drinks were excellent and reasonably priced (at least by Strip standards). The Spring Buzz ($13, Hanger One Maine wild blueberry, Kubler absinthe ginger beer, fresh lemon, berry syrup) was good and strong. The Au Bon Climat pinot noir and Lyeth meritage were good accompaniments to our dishes. If you're looking for bottles, their list includes 50 under $50.The service was solid and surprisingly we saw two or three other parties with kids. The staff didn't seem to mind and made us feel welcome. Although maybe the smaller dining area is where they stick all the people ballsy enough to bring their offspring?Minus the Groupon, the total for dinner was around $150. It may not be as good as many of the top Strip restaurants, but it is a good value in unique setting that's close enough (or far enough) to the Strip to attract both tourists and locals alike.
4	2 stars for the atmosphere! 2 for the food. Pretty typical steak house fare. The best part of the meal was the dessert!
4	Fantastic decor and service! The food was very good (cold zucchini soup, chocolate cake, scallops, and curry). The curry could use a little more flavor, but the scallops were excellent. The bacon and cranberry bread was a great addition to the bread basket. Drinks (The Barrymore and Bellini) were both very good. Overall I would highly recommend The Barrymore. We will be back the next time we are in Vegas!
5	Fantastic place to relax with a nice meal.Great service, uber yummy!!!Great atmosphere.
5	After reading a lot of positive reviews for The Barrymore on sites such as Yelp and Tripadvisor, my wife and I decided to have dinner here on our recent trip to Las Vegas. The restaurant does seem a bit out of place in The Royal Resort but don't let that keep you away. Royal Resort is set just off the part of the strip that now seems deserted due to the economic crisis.Here is what we had.Wife:French Onion Gratin - She said it was delicious.Pan Roasted Chicken - She eats a lot of chicken when we dine out and she loved this. I finished what she didn't eat and I can vouch that it was very good.Me:Baby Iceberg Salad with bacon, blue cheese, tomatoes and Russian dressing. It was a great way to start my meal.My main course was the Short Rib (with carrot mousseline, red pearl onion, bacon marmalade, natural jus). Simply put: It was the best short rib I have ever had. It was absolutely amazing.We split a side of asparagus that was perfectly cooked. There was also a basket of bread on the table which I appreciated.Drinks-I had their signature drink "The Barrymore" which is made with Gentleman Jack. I'm not much of a Jack drinker but I tried this and enjoyed it very much.My wife had wine off of their extensive wine menu.The Service was absolutely terrific. The people working here were extremely friendly and attentive. Our entire experience at this restaurant was excellent. We will be coming back again on our next trip to Vegas and you should make it a point to go there when you are in town.
4	I've been drooling over their menu for months and finally got a chance to dine there...I was completely satisfied. Try their braised short rib and lobster mac and cheese!!! Great place for a romantic dinner as well!
4	Such a nice surprise considering this restaurant is located in a little known Vegas hotel.  Great decor...cozy, quaint and quite chic...love that the music fit the decor too!  Service was good, but nothing incredible.  The food was quite tasty - we enjoyed the caesar salad, free range chicken and the scallops.  Love that I got a free glass of sparkling wine for checking in on Foursquare - bonus!
5	Let me start by saying my wife and I were pleasantly surprised by just about everything at The Barrymore and not because we had no expectations.  Having lived in Las Vegas for nearly ten years, we were familiar with the location of the Royal Resort and had to wonder just how good it could be considering that.  Upon entry our fears of a downscale experience were immediately removed...the hotel lobby was beautifully decorated and spacious.  The Barrymore restaurant itself was gorgeously furnished and appointed.  The space consists of two dining rooms, a bar and a very nice patio area.  The front dining room is light and bright and the rear dining room was darker and had a romantic vibe with big booths.The menu was fairly small but still had a great selection with good variety.  We started with a very unique and delicious grilled artichoke.  Then I had a perfectly prepared non-salty French onion soup while my wife enjoyed an interesting salad with hearts of palm, lettuce and tomato with bleu cheese...I forget the exact name of the salad, but I had a bite and it was delish.  We then both enjoyed filet mignon steaks with asparagus and creamed spinach sides.  The steaks also included some peeled tomatoes and a unusual onion preparation.  To make a long story short, all of the food was simply fabulous.  Perfectly prepared with care and very lightly seasoned.The service was absolutely first rate, with quick drink replacements, flat and silverware replaced between each course.  Both our actual waitress and the bus person were paying very good attention to us for the duration of our 1.5hr meal.In summary, it will be our pleasure to travel from Henderson to enjoy another meal at The Barrymore in the future.The only other things I'd note are that they had excellent air conditioning and that was much appreciated on this 109F day and that they no longer offer deviled eggs.
5	Awesome food and service. Even better was the ambiance, you won't find anything like it. Best way to describe is a hidden gem with top notch food and true liberations crafted by their mixologists. The decor has an old school feel with a new school menu, def a good spot to take a date who's been to the usual played out places around town (I.E. firefly, sushi). Awesome wine list but couldn't get away from trying drinks off their cocktail list and passing them around our group to try. Prices aren't bad if u consider something of a similar category. I guess same owners as Holsteins in Cosmo and public house at Venetian. Trendy yet well executed.. Will be back sooner then later
5	Amazing food at a reasonable price. Service was great and it started at the top with great hospitality from the room manager/gm, Chad.
5	My wife and I came in this past Sunday for a nice dinner and date night away from the kids.First off the service was amazing. Our server Bill was very informative on all the menu items and specialty drinks. Secondly the food was amazing as well. We both ordered steaks Filet for my wife and I had the Bone-In Ribeye. We are huge fans of the N9ne Steakhouse and rarely find a place that we enjoy just as much. The Barrymore has finally met our expectations. The flavor of the steaks was awesome. We also ordered a lobster to split between us, a side of Spinach and a side of Creamed Corn with lobster, which was delicious.  I highly recommend this place! They have something on the menu for everyone.
5	I'm going to be honest, very few places that I attend on a Groupon are repeats (well, unless another Groupon or or discount becomes available). Under those circumstances I'm usually going based on price more than anything else.One of the few exceptions to that rule is The Barrymore. I went there with my wife on a Groupon and we liked the place so much, we had our second anniversary dinner there.Admittedly, I haven't tried a lot of the menu. On both occasions I had the lamb (which is my favorite lamb dish in town). The mac and cheese is very good and I enjoyed the frog legs as well. Finally, their deserts are, in my opinion, just the right size to close a meal and each one has been a treat.They also have bacon cherry bread. This stuff is great. If you go, have it and then have some more.The interior has a nice old-school look to it and our service has been very nice both times. It's not crowded and parking is never an issue at the Royal Resort either.About the only negative I can give the place is the view is pretty bad. On my first visit my wife and I joked about it with the waiter since we had a window seat. On our second trip, we noticed that the windows were covered and I have some feeling that's why.
5	The Barrymore has a killer menu, fantastic staff, a well priced wine list, and is a Vegas restaurant you must try before it gets too popular. Largest serving of foie gras I think I've ever been served. Lobster mac n cheese was to die for. This is a must try!
4	I just love this place! I was a film/photo major and I often find my self gazing at the ceiling decorated with old film reels. Great atmosphere and decor!Their original cocktails are awesome. I suggest the Barrymore, the Barrymore Sour is excellent too. I'm looking forward to trying their Sangria (Amor Perdido Punch)Other favorites:Lobster Mac & Cheese Pan Seared Foie GrasHeirloom Tomato & Burrata Cheese * one of my Fav's!Roasted Black Cod Short RibPan Roasted Muscovy Duck BreastCream Corn & Lobster * I am on a wicked corn kick lately! Oh, and they make EXCELLENT steak too!While you are at The Barrymore I suggest taking walk through the hotel lobby which is pretty much a mini art gallery, and maybe grab a drink at the bar too. One of Vegas best hotel lobby bars. They even have Galaga.
4	very cool place in a very weird hotel.
5	I met up with a girlfriend here for the first time last night. This place is amazing! I don't know why it took me so long to get here!  We grabbed seats at the bar and were promptly greeted by the bartender Jesus.  They had an impressive list of cocktails, wines and beers. After a couple of drinks, we ordered a few lite bites, including Lobster Mac & Cheese, Watermelon Carpaccio, Pan Seared Foie Gras and the Roasted Artichoke.  The Roasted Artichoke in one word - AMAZING!  And be sure to try the bacon cherry bread when they bring out the bread basket.  Since it was my first time in, I took a quick tour of the whole restaurant and it had great ambiance and decor throughout.  They also have a great outdoor area which I look forward to visiting often when it cools down a little. The delicious food, great ambiance, and friendly staff will keep me coming back. Can't wait to introduce this place to my local and visiting friends :)
2	I have been to the Barrymore twice. Once with a Groupon and once with a gift card, which was a good thing. If I had to pay full price I would have been not such a good sport. Everyone raves about this place but for me, the atmosphere is interesting but not exactly high end, the service very proper almost to the point of aloof & snotty (remember folks I went there two times, two waiters two chances at the menu) and the food is tiny. I have said it. T I N Y. Oh such small food, like we don't live in the land of plenty. Like their food is so inspired and delicious that they can charge a bazillion for a tiny bowl of mac n cheese with some seafood sprinkled in. I guess I am just irritated because I am still so hungry and my wallet is just that much emptier.
5	Every thing was wonderfull!!! The service was excellent, atmosphere is great, and the food is excellent. It's a nice spot if you want to enjoy a wonderfull meal.The GM is very attentive and our server Bill was very nice. It's definitely a place you must try. I went there with my wife to celebrate her bday and we had a great time!!!
4	Dinner was great.  The octopus was surprisingly tender and tasty.  The lobster mac and cheese was awesome.  The artichokes with shaved parmesan are a must order and those were just the apps.Service was personable, prompt and several freebies were delivered with grace.  The old time Vegas feel of this place and Chad the GM makes The Barrymore a must visit.
5	I love the Barrymore. Its a true jewel and escape from the norm of Las Vegas. The menu is simple yet refined. The food isn't overly complicated and still very forward and current. Everything is fresh and you can taste it. Highlight the Artichoke appetizer. Its just incredible. The ambience and decor is worth the visit alone. The imbibes are also equally as amazing.
5	From the decor to the service to the food, it's all great in my book.  Who would have guessed there was a diamond hidden in this easy to overlook little place?!The atmosphere and decoration of the restaurant make you feel like you've transported a little to Classic Vegas.  Every detail, the booths, old film reel ceiling, and eagle statuettes, are excellent touches.Service was very friendly, quick, and not overly attentive.  Every person we encountered was personable and willing to help.  Our waiters suggested better options based on our taste, which did not disappoint.  Chad the GM even stopped by our table to chat a little, take our picture, and thank us for dining there. Delicious variety of bread for starters; perfect temperature on the medium Filet Mignon; and a rich yet refreshing salmon dish to die for. The Creme Brulee with Basil Lime Sherbet was amazing and the Peach Galette was a perfect way to end a great meal.It's very rare now to find a place in Vegas on the Strip where you can avoid all the traffic, lines, crowds, and utter chaos but still enjoy a truly amazing dining experience.
5	A hidden vegas gem. If you're able to get of the strip for a hot second go here! Beautiful restaurant, delicious food, amazing service and not super expensive (especially compared to the rest of the restaurants on the strip).
5	I've been to The Barrymore twice and both times were spectacular!  The service is amazing and the food is equally as good.  When you walk in you feel a bit like you are walking through time into 60's Vegas.  The decor is very classy and brings you back to a different time in Las Vegas.  The short rib and lobster creamed corn are a must try!
5	LOVE The Barrymore!! What a hidden gem and one of the best meals I have ever had in Vegas! I've been to many upscale restaurants opened by celebrity chefs, but this honestly blows many of them away. Located inside the Royal Resort behind Encore, you'd never expect to find such a fabulous restaurant here. The interior is Mad Men-esque with chic retro decor and a really swanky ambiance.Food and cocktails were phenomenal and the service was unpretentious and top notch. Everyone was super friendly and we even had the pleasure of meeting their amazing chef de cuisine Francisco Campa.The seared foie gras was to die for! My friend and I shared one order, but considered ordering another because it was just that delicious. We also enjoyed their decadent lobster mac n cheese, and the fish and duck specials of the night were amazing. Be sure to ask for recommendations and hear about their specials. For cocktails, I really loved the Virginia Hill (Pisco, Lillet Blanc, peach syrup, fresh lemon juice, egg whites, peach bitters, sage). You really can't go wrong with anything though.Book a table here and thank me later!
5	Fantastic!! Be sure to dine at the Barrymore when you are in town!I rarely find a meal that wows me in Vegas. Sure there are buffets, tons of steak houses, lots of choices. However, I had yet to find SF/NY quality.Look no further. Foie Gras? Check! Duck Confit? Check! Specialty Seafood? Check!I had a wonderful meal here this past weekend and I will be talking about it until I come back! Excellent service and the ambiance is awesome. The Barrymore is on the top of my Vegas fine dining list!
5	Although I was here months ago for the Yelp Elite Event - LV Confidentail, I had to return once as a standard patron to properly assess this establishment.Yes, I was still impressed.  The bartender who was working upon my arrival was also the manager on shift, yet proceeded to talk about great classic cocktails and variants of such that intrigued me.  I enjoyed a couple unique Old Fashions and then proceeded to dinner.  The layout of the restaurant is ideal for someone who enjoys watching others interact.  Sitting in one of the half-round booths lining each wall of the rectangular room and all facing the center, one (or more) can gaze upon the other diners and ponder the situations in your imagination.  First dates?  Romantic rendezvous?  Scandal?  Probably a little of each, or maybe none at all, but the atmosphere and the setting lends your mind to wander.  The waiter comes to the table and presents a highly skilled rendition of the scripted dinner options for the evening, and hits every bit word on the spot.  Wine recommendations come quickly and, as far as I know, knowledgeably.  He could offer me Julio & Gallo and I'd be none the wiser.  I stick with my cocktails.Food came timely, presented artistically, and prepared deliciously.  I would have had 2nds of everything.The best part comes when the bill arrives and is surprisingly 1/2 of what I had expected to shell out for the evening.  Voila!  More funds for the next stop, just up the road, which I mentioned in a previous review.  Where was that tux again?....
5	Love this place! I read about the restaurant in a SoCal magazine and knew I had to try it next time I was in town.  The service was excellent, Israel rocked!!  He provided great recommendations on wine, apps, and entrees, he even called my BF and I a cab following dinner.  Everything we ordered was good.  If you get the lobster mac and cheese, I recommend splitting an entree with an extra side.   I had the burger, which I never order anywhere and it was amazing.  It's served with an english muffin rather than a typical burger bun, it's lighter and allows you to get the full flavor of the beef patty and chutney.  You defiantly feel like you stepped back in time with the old Hollywood feel.  It's a classic restaurant I could see the Rat Pack hanging out at.Highly recommended for date night with that special someone!
5	Good quality food without the outrageous Las Vegas strip prices.
4	The duck was great and I loved the octopus as well.  Unique atmosphere with fine food!
3	We visited for our anniversary dinner and i would have given a better number of stars for food and service except they totally screwed up my wife's steak. The Filet came out raw, but was asked for medium, so it was sent back. They took it back and server was great about it but then they sent back out the same steak but cooked a bit more and still pretty rare. Finally, she offered to butterfly the next filet so it would cook faster. for a $40 filet, she didnt want it butterflied, so she just said no and got a pasta dish, which was great. Anyhow, this wasnt what i expected from one of the better rated restaurants. also, you will be surprised when you pull up to what seems ot be a sketchy motel but the place is beautiful.server was great but i lowered the rating as the kitchen suggesting a butterflied filet was bad service as was sending out teh same steak when they could have prepared a new one for how long it took.
5	HUGE fan. Just loved this place and yes...we found it on Yelp. (course!) Yelp drives our dining world. :)Huge diamond in the ruff of Vegas. Nestled in a small hotel off the strip on Convention Center drive, Yelp said it was open at 11 so we rolled in for lunch only to be told they are open dinner hours only starting at 5/530 - can't remember. So heads up, it's a dinner establishment. It's decoreated in old-style Vegas. The celing has what looks like old movie film reels all over it. The bar is outstanding with wine bottles everywhere.  The FOOD rocks your world. Started with white wine and The Barrymore Cocktail. Just drink it. :) Lobster Macaroni and Cheese and a Pesto covered Artichoke dish. Had a salad much like a caprese salad but BETTER. Scallops wrapped in bacon. Didn't finish but 1 out of 3 as I was STUFFED with our appetizers and salads....we passed on dessert. I know. Hard to believe. Our staff was FABULOUS. The ambiance is exceptional. It's the best kept secret in Vegas. By pass the chain places you can get at home. By pass where "everyone seems to go" and take some time to go to the Barrymore. You will NOT be sorry! :) We'd go again in an instant.
4	Lives up to the hype for the most part.  We ordered the Burrota heirloom tomato salad to start.  Amazing.  Then the Fois Gras was the star of the night.   You have to get this!    For an entree, my wife and I had the pan roasted duck.  Tis was very good.   I have had better, but none the less, it was tasty.We also shared the Lobster Mac and Cheese which was good as well.  Finally, they offered us free dessert for our anniversary celebration.   We has both the moist chocolate cake and the cheesecake.   The cheesecake was a great combination of berries and orange, however the  cake could have been a lot better than it was.   It was dry and not what I expected.      I would return for the Fois Gras anytime.    The menu, although good, lacked creativity, which is one reason it was rated a 4, and not a 5.Price wise, this was fairly reasonable.   My wife and my meal totaled around $125 after tip, we shared an entree and the 2 sides,  as well as the salad.  We had 1 cocktail, and free dessert and a coffee.  Not bad for all we got.
5	My first time at The Barrymore last night with my fiancee and we loved it.  Don't let the outside fool you, the food and service were excellent. We ordered the Lobster Mac and Cheese and Grilled Octopus for starters. They were both very good, but the octopus was definitely a surprise. Extremely tender and not at all chewy as I come to expect with octopus. For our entrees we ordered the Pan Seared Salmon and the Pan Roasted Duck. The sauces for both were delicious and the serving size was just right. For dessert we had the creme brulee and chocolate gelato. The creme brulee was one of the best I've ever had. Excellent presentation of each dish, it looked good and tasted even better.  The service was amazing and  we will definitely be back.
5	Wife and I came for dinner on Saturday night.  After spending more than we wanted earlier we decided to scale down the level of the restaurant we would go to.  Browsing on yelp led us to Barrymore as a top 3 candidate.  Since this place stops sitting at 10:30 it sealed the deal for us since we running late.  When we arrive at the hotel we start to get worried, its definitely not in the best looking hotel from the outside and parking is in a poorly lit open lot.  However once inside the lobby was nice and into the restaurant we were pleasantly relieved that it looked very nice.  The lighting and layout was nice and cozy.  And the C shaped booths made for a very intimate dinner.  However right outside the window a pool party was going on where we could hear the music also the restaurant had no restrooms , you had to go to hotel restrooms which were clean but not the nicest you'd see in vegas.On to the food...bread was great.  Wife's fav was the cracker bread with cheese baked on it.  Mine was the multi-grain bread that had all these different flavors shooting at you... sweet savory salty.  Turns out theres bacon bits and cherries in it!  For the main course we had the bone in rib eye and whole lobster and split the two to share.  The rib eye was excellent!  The most beautiful steak I seen, perfectly chared and juicy and the best steak I have eaten, better than Mastros.  I think they cook it over an open fire.  Steaksauce definitely not needed but their house made Barrymore sauce is delicious with it too.  (their take on traditional steak sauce with more sweet than tang).  The Lobster was excellent too but it was a huge annoyance to have to shell the claws (hardest  lobster shell ever... took forever to extract the meat).  Kinda ruined the mood having to get down and dirty using elbow grease to mash open the lobster with juice squirting out.  The fries were good too.  Shoestring fries are not our favorite but they made these ones perfectly.All in all we loved our time here, I can attest that this place is every bit as good as more expensive Vegas spots.
5	Had the best time here, celebrating a milestone birthday with friends. While I loved everything about the place, what I liked the most is that they made the night special. The gentleman that met us at the door was welcoming and fun, our waiter was fantastic, helpful and attentive, everyone's food was great. The establishment is more retro and funky, and a welcome respite from the over the top glitz of the Strip.Absolutely loved it.
5	My husband and I are big fans of Nobu at the Hard Rock every time we visit Las Vegas and now we can also add Barrymore to our top favorites restaurants.  We absolutely loved the food, the service and the ambiance.  The drinks they make there are also fabulous, we had a couple at the bar and they were made with fresh ingredients which I love!  We had the lobster mac and cheese, my husband had steak, and I had scallops everything was amazing.  Will definitely be back!
2	My birthday arrives not too long ago. So my fiancee decided to take me to this supposedly hidden gem in the dessert. I can understand why its hidden. She made a reservation for us at 9 and we still have to wait 10 minutes before we got seated, whats the reservation for then? We ordered the grill octopus which is just that grilled octopus. Burned not enough seasoning and yah its not fair cos I come from the island that knows how cook octopus properly  and it doesnt live up to my standard. Ordered the steak and its just doesnt taste good. The server never asked me if I want any extra sauce or sides. Maybe because they think we are asian and dont want to balloon the bill so that he dont have to take a hit if we dont tip him well. I am sorry, thats not how we roll. If you dont fuck up too much, you will still get your 20 %. Trully mediocre birthday dessert. So and so food, a one and done for me. I give a star for the decor, another star because my fiancee try ever so hard to take me to a nice 4.5 restaurant but am sorry. My standard is way higher than barrymore. No thanks.
5	Boy - did I love this place. Total breath of fresh air in Vegas, and wouldn't have found it except for yelp. Intimate / cozy / food was great / service was attentive. Off the strip, which could have accounted for it not being crowded, or because the oscars were on that night. Can't recommend it highly enough. I live in san francisco, so have pretty high expectations, but I think the Barrymore would be a unique spot and highly successful anywhere. Make a reservation in advance and go!
5	The Barrymore was our favorite place we ate at in Vegas.  I always recommend getting off the strip a bit and this isn't too far (just a bit North of Encore so it's practically on the strip - just a tad north).  Many places try to out "ratpack", out "classic" each other.  But Barrymore actually gets it right.  Great decor with the blue volour booths, etc.  The staff was really special and attentive.  We had the frog leg appetizer and really enjoyed it.  My wife had an indian curry dish and I had the duck.  Both outstanding.  My wife enjoyed the Virginia Hill cocktail as well.   For desert, we shared basil lime sherbert.  Very refreshing as we sat outside for dessert and it was a bit warm.  (HINT: try doing dinner indoors and dessert outside if possible).  Outdoors they have a fire motif and wonderful long bench seat with tons of pillows.  Very enjoyable.It was a bit pricey.  $183 with app, 2 entrees, 4 glasses of wine, two cocktails, dessert, tax and tip.  (One disappointment: it was known it was my birthday - all we ordered for desert was the sherbert for $4.50; showed up with a nice candle, etc but we were charged for it, which I felt was tacky - for a dinner worth nearly $200 and a nice tip - throwing in a complimentary desert for my b-day would have been appropriate).NOTE: Don't be disappointed when you pull up.  It's in the Royal Resort hotel - which is bland and unappealing.  Barrymore will not disappoint, however.  A very delightful evening for me and my wife.
5	Dear Barrymore, I just met you last night, but I have to let you know about how I feel. At the very start of the evening you blew me away with your old-school-gone-chic-fun-and-funky vibe. Your taste in music is classic and exquisite - wooing me from the start with a soundtrack that includes Billie Holiday. From the plush velvet tuck and roll booths to the faux velvet flocked black and gold wallpaper you looked too cool for school, but your open and friendly attitude made even older folks like my husband and I totally feel welcomed. Our server, Israel, was FANTASTIC! Although he was pretty busy hopping from table to table, he took the time to talk to us about your history, the family that started the entire Block 16 restaurant group, recommend a bottle of wine from your sexy glass encased wine cellar and even call me by first name. Super attentive and always willing to enthusiastically rave about your food.  After having a grilled octopus epiphany at Estiatorio Milos, I've been searching out other restaurants in town that have their own version.  In fact, doing a Yelp! search on "grilled octopus" is what brought me to you in the first place. The tantilizing tentacles came beautifully mounded in the center of the plate with papas bravas, topped with celery leaf and bordered with dots of spicy tomato and chorizo oil. You delectable devil you! The octopus was of a thicker cut than Milos', which made it a bit difficult to cut through, but was surprisingly soft and non-rubbery. As with all your wonderful dishes, it was a sum of its parts for sure.Next up - your Roasted Black Cod with brandade fritter, creamed leeks and squid ink buerre. I don't know if I'm imagining things, but this seemed like you were subtly winking at me and flirting by showing off your sense of humor. Beautifully presented, each item on the plate was solid within itself - but eaten all together?  I definitely got a kind of deconstructed and elevated "fish and chips" vibe - mainly coming from the inclusion of the fritter. Oh Barrymore, you're so charming and witty.We don't usually do dessert, but one glance at the menu we were once again seduced by your charms. Israel suggested the Creme Brulee with balsamic strawberries, basil lime sherbet and black pepper shortbread - which we went for.  Again, a sum of its parts - I wasn't sure how the basil-lime sherbet was going to work - but boy, does it ever. Acidic cool and redolent with basil up against the creamy sweetness of the brulee and the tanginess of strawberries - you've shown me how thrilling a terrific dessert can be. I'm ruined.I'm sure you get a lot of love letters - and I don't expect to enter into a monogamous relationship or anything - but this one night stand was one for the ages. Thanks Barrymore!
4	The hotel that it is located in is reallllly ghetto but the restaurant is a different experience right when you enter. The ambiance is nice and the staff is friendly and helpful. 5 stars. We ordered the lobster mac and cheese and it was some of the best mac and cheese we ever ordered. 5 plus stars. The grilled octopus was really good too. 5 stars. The frog legs were ok. I would not get it again as it pretty much tastes like chicken. 4 stars. For our main meal we got the bone-in rib eye and it was delicious. It was not as tender as i thought it would be but overall it was good. The one downside was the seasoning. They put something spicy in it. Maybe cayenne pepper? 4 stars. We also got the lobster. It was cheap and awesome. I would get it again and again. 5 stars. For a side we got the cream corn & lobster and we did not like it. We took one bite and did not try it again. It was overpowered with spices. 2 stars. For dessert we got the creme brulee and it was good. They put a scoop of basil lime sherbet on top and i thought it was horrible. We just scooped it out and ate the creme brulee. 4 stars. Would i go again? No because there are so many other restaurants to try in vegas. Would i recommend it to friends? Yes.
5	It's my birthday and my husband is taking me to dinner.  He tells me this place is old school Vegas and wants to try it.  We are seated behind a large table of twenty people and are afraid we'd be lost to good service, but, were surprised we had a very attentive server and felt like we're the only ones in the room.I started with a drink, the Barrymore, gentleman jack, solerno blood orange liqueur, orange marmalade, cocchi vermouth di torino, orange bitters, and orange zest.  it was warming to the soul!Our appetizers included several.  First we got the lobster mac & cheese, it is smothered with a  mascarpone-tallegio cream sauce, very creamy and so so good.  We also got the heirloom tomato & burrata cheese salad. It had cucumbers, oregano, extra virgin olive oil, sea salt, served with the best tomatoes, cut in thick slices, and the cheese is a cream induced mozzarella, the flavors are a cool delight.  We also got the deviled eggs and a lobster bisque soup.  Both of these were very good as well.  We're getting full, but our main entrees are to come. I choose the diver scallops, big scallops wrapped with serrano ham, the sauce is a saffron rouille and boullabaisse broth.  These were some of the best scallops I have had.  To finish off the meal, I got a tispy earl, harvey's bristol cream sherry with earl gray tea.  This was one of the best meals I can recall eating.  The service was great, the food cooked to perfection and the memory, unbeatable.  Thanks to my husband for a great choice!
5	What a great place!!  The Gen. Mgr Chad Jahn came to our table to make sure everything was perfect and let me tell you it certainly was!!  This is quite the hidden little gem of the Las Vegas restaurants!  The atmosphere is great, its set in a relatively "no name" hotel, but that's the best part of the restaurant...it's not part of some giant corporate hotel and you can certainly tell the difference.  The food was terrific and the ambiance is set in a boutique fashion that is quite hip.  The outside seating it the best with a back drop of the Strip and a gas fire pit wall!!  There is a great room inside if you needs and the just the bar seems quite inviting if you're flying solo!!  The lobster mac and cheese lived up to its reviews and the Kobe steak was A+++.
4	I was contacted by the restaurant after my experience and they were quite apologetic and asured me that the kitchen was talked with about my issue.  Thank you for reaching out to let me know you listened.
4	My husband and I came to The Barrymore based on all the wonderful Yelp reviews. We made reservations for 7:30 on a Saturday night but ended up arriving an hour early. So we sat at the bar. Very nice bar. We sat and had drinks made by Kendra and her tattooed buddy Cody. Very cool. Great glass of Pinot Grigio.  Tried a few of their bloody marys. We were so early that we had an appetizer at the bar. We ordered the octopus and it was phenomenal. We also ate an entire bread basket and the warm salted butter it came with was delicious. At 7:30 we moved to our table. Unfortunately, that's when things kinda went down hill. First it was freezing but immediately the hostess said something to the manager and he turned down the air con AND he checked back with us to make sure the temp was good. We then ordered the soup of the day - Barrymore's special matzah ball soup and my husband and I ordered a rare filet mignon and their lobster Mac & cheese as a side. Our service changed dramatically after we moved from the bar. We went from cool attentive Kendra and her laid back pal Cody to totally cheesy yet non attentive main waiter Louis. Louis was the kind of waiter who was like "yes, yes anything you want" but you ended up sitting there waiting for a piece of bread and a glass of water. Our filet came and it was completely overcooked.   We had asked for it rare and the steak we got was at best, medium ... at best. And you know that if you like your steak rare getting served a Medium steak filet is an abomination.   And the lobster Mac and cheese was bland and flavorless. S**t happens in the restaurant business. Sometimes food doesn't come out the way you want it to. It's what the management does and how they handle things that matters. I can tell you that despite all the things that weren't perfect with our meal it was the way Chad, the manager on duty handled everything that really made Barrymore's worth going back to. Less than 4 min after our steak went back Chad was at our table. I explained to him how great everything was when we were served from the bar area and how things sadly just went downhill when we went to the main dining room. He cared!  He immediately asked what he could get us while we waited for our new steak. We swapped out the lobster Mac n cheese for corn and lobster and that was delicious. He came over and poured me another glass of wine without me asking. Then he suggested that after dinner we have dessert back up at the bar with Kendra. Chad just made you feel like he cared!  He really wanted you to enjoy your meal and experience at Barrymore's. This is THE GUY you want as your GM if you own a restaurant. He turned our experience around 180. We ended up having coffee and dessert up at the bar (totally comp'd) and spent time talking to Kendra and Chad. So ultimately, you should go The Barrymore. When you do, say hi to Kendra and Chad and have a good evening. We did.
5	This place was awesome!  The hostess was sweet, the bartenders were attentive, and our waitress Emily was fantastic.  Emily was very knowledgeable about the menu and helped guide our dining experience.  We absolutely loved the artichoke appetizer. It was a perfect start to the meal.  We ordered the snapper and shared it.  It was succulent.  The vandouvan squash curry dish was great.  I am usually not a fan of curry, but this dish wasn't over the top spicy.  Our mushrooms and asparagus were wonderful as well.  We cheated with the chocolate cake dessert and I'm so happy we did.  It was delicious.  It didn't seem like we had a lot of food for what we ordered, but it ended up being the right amount.  We didn't feel gluttonous!We dined in the room with the reels on the ceiling.  It had more character than the other dining room.  We will be back!!!
4	Excellent quality and customer care all around and delicious crafted drinks.
5	The Barrymore is exceptional! Great romantic environment and the food is GREAT! Nice hidden place and great for couples. Congrats to Chef Francisco he surely knows what he is doing! awesome experience.
5	We had a party there for 70 people.  The food was amazing.   We had the lobster nachos, truffle arancini, foie gras parfait, shrimp cocktail, beef tenderloin and cheese board.  We finished off the last hour of the party with the sliders and chicken fingers, which were also a huge hit.  My guests were incredibly impressed with the quality of food, especially given that it was a large cocktail party.  My bf and I ate there a few times before we had the party and based off those experiences decided to have the party there.  If we had had the party somewhere else, like a restaurant on the strip it would have cost thousands more.  Some of our guests were a little put off when they first got to the Royal Resort, but were blown away when they got into the restaurant.  The service was impeccable as always.  Even when we had only gone there a few times before the party the GM, hostess and bartenders already knew our names.  I recommend this restaurant for regular dining but also for large parties.  Sometimes smaller local restaurants struggle with executing larger party's, but that was definitely not the case here.
5	The restaurant has been in Las Vegas only a short time, but looks like a holdover from the 1940's.  The white marble bar is elegant and classy and has an interesting and different drink menu.  Opposite the bar is a small and cozy outdoor patio, complete with overstuffed chairs, perfect for cocktails and appetizers.  Unfortunately, there is not much of a view but after a couple of their special martinis, who really cares? For dinner, we sat in the second dining room, dark and comfortable, in a booth large enough to have it's own zip code.  Our server, Emily, was all smiles and personality -  charming and efficient.  The huge wine list runs from $30 to $5000 a bottle.  The servings were not big, but the food we had (Mediterranean Sea Bass and Muscovy Duck) was delicious.  The dessert of Vanilla Bean Cheesecake was a stand-out.Everyone who we came in contact with - the server, bartender, hostess and manager - were friendly and cordial without being stuffy or distant.  If you want to impress a date or surprise your wife on an anniversary, The Barrymore would be the place to go.
4	Gorgeous atmosphere, very hip vipe. Thought the food was very good but didn't like the fact that didn't allow subsitutions which we never seem to run across these days.  The food was expensive but we thought the quality was there with the exception of the unripe tomatoes in the panzanella salad.  We thought the hotel was fine, not as shabby as we expected but definitely not reflective of such a great restaurant. We also thought the small bar was very nice and the location was around a mile from the Wynn so it's easy to get to.
4	If you want to get away from the resort casino resturant for great food and great atmosphere this is the place. Close to the strip but a world away. We all had steaks and they were, top quality, cooked perfectly and delicious eating. The sides are big enough to share. Only negative was the first bottle of wine we selected they were out of.
1	Having visited The Barrymore twice previously for lunch, I was looking forward to giving it a shot for dinner. Unfortunately, bad service and below average food ensure I won't be returning for a fourth time. Our group received slow service every step of the way. Despite the restaurant being 3/4 empty, we had a long wait to be seated, receive menus, have our orders taken, receive our food and get the check. We had to ask for a drink menu and bread. We had long stretches when our server was nowhere in sight. I ordered the filet cooked medium. It was raw. Others in our group also received their food undercooked. I liked The Barrymore as a hidden gem away from the bustle of the Strip, but after this experience I won't return and will quit recommending it to others.Update: Management from The Barrymore contacted me as a result of this review in an effort to get more information and to make things right. I declined the offer for a comped meal, but the genuine concern from management is a good sign that they're trying to do the right thing.
5	Homerun. Top notch service, elegant environment, delicious food, beautiful cocktails & and a well curated wine list geared at flavor not label whoring. I will be back many times. Already planning a another dinner her in may with my girls.
5	*sigh* Oh, how I wish The Barrymore was located in San Diego instead of Las Vegas!  I haven't been this impressed with a dining establishment since I can't remember when.  Love, love, love the old-school Hollywood decor, dim lighting, and deep, plush leather booths line the dining room. The ceiling is decorated with old film reels, the vibe is very retro-Vegas with a heavy dash of Mad Men. Although we didn't sit outside, I caught a glimpse of fireside outdoor seating off the bar area.I admit that I had been drooling over the menu for days in anticipation of our Saturday dinner reservation. So many amazing looking choices!  The menu read like a Hollywood A-List with a high number of Oscar winners.Instead of giving a review for each dish, I'm just going to come out and say that everything that made its way to our table and into our bellies was top of the line delicious.  Presentation, composition, flavor...these dishes had it all. Our appetizers: Roasted Heirloom Beets (the goat cheese fritters..I die!!), Roasted Artichokes, Lobster Mac & Cheese (my personal Achilles's heel).  The Caesar Salad and French Onion Soup might possibly be the average plates delivered.  Not bad, just completely outshone by the other dishes.Dinner: Diver Scallops, Pan Roasted "Jidori" Chicken, Short Rib Bourguignon, Muscovy Duck Confit, Bone-in Aged Ribeye.  There wasn't a stinker in the lot.  All perfectly cooked and seasoned (although I personally would prefer a tiny bit less salt, it did not necessarily taste over salted).  Excellent cocktail and wine selections, too.  The biggest star of the show had to be the service.  It was amazing.  Really was the clincher for a perfect evening.  They know what they're doing at The Barrymore.  I hope to go back again and again!
5	Such a classy yet comforable dining room with the perfect mix of whimsy and old school masculinity: leather banquettes, Hollywood reels adorning the ceiling, rich damask wallpaper and plaid carpeting may seem too busy, but believe me, this space just draws you in and wraps its cozy arms around you like an old friend.The food was perfectly portioned and seasoned. My beet salad with pistachio and goat cheese medallion was perfect for an appetizer. We shared the small plates among friends and not one complaint was murmured during the meal. Entree-wise, we ordered a great variety and The Barrymore delivered on every single dish.You will not be disappointed!
4	Best Lobster in Town... Hands down!! The location is not great, but not hard to find.  Its right by Wynn.  The service was good, waiters are attentive, great appearence.  Great wine selection.  Price is reasonable.  They are offering some special in Seven Magazine.
5	Not only was the food delicious leaving satisfied with everything we ordered.  The service was amazing!  Our server was super friendly and always checked up on us.  Even the guy who brought the dishes and cleared the table was super polite!The restaurant itself is pretty tiny hidden at the Royal Resort, which looks like an Inn converted to a boutique hotel.  The restaurant was dim inside with some nice paintings and decorations on the ceiling and wall.Ordered a few drinks and picked out a bunch of appetizers and a main entree to share.  We could of ordered another main entree but the options for the appetizer were so appealing!  The heirloom beet salad with goat cheese and the Maine chilled lobster salad were delicious!  I also had to get my foie gras fix since I'm from Cali and it was seared nicely and had almost a breakfast feeling since it came with candied walnuts and sweet potato pudding.  We ordered the lobster mac and cheese but that came with our main dish which was fine!  I ordered the short rib which was glazed nicely with a red wine sauce!  The lobster mac and cheese was good but didn't have too much lobster flavor in it.  This meal was super rich!  But it was our last night in Vegas and we went out with a bang!  There was another guy who worked there who knew a lot about wines and alcoholic beverages.  This guy offered us a shot of Amaro Ciociaro and told us the story behind this Italian liqueur... supposedly helps with indigestion after eating a rich meal like we just did!Overall I would totally recommend this restaurant to my friends... a place you can go off the strip but have a fabulous meal without paying the Las Vegas strip prices!
5	Love...love...love this place its like  vegas, its beautiful inside food are fantastic.  There running specials most of the night so you have to get those.
5	Barrymore is a little off the strip but amazing place to eat. It's snazzy throwback classic vegas interior and food was fantastic. Outside of the excellent quality food and moderate pricing (especially in Vegas) there was one thing that stood out above all. That was the service that we recieved. I would venture to say this was the best service I have had from any restaurant. They were friendly, funny and attentive to the tinest of details. For me this took the Barrymore to the next level. If ever in Vegas and you want fine dining and take a break from the insanity of the Strip this is the place to eat.
4	off the Beaten path...Classy , Upscale, better than decent food.Nothing that i had was soo memorable that I have to go back and have it again...A great back up plan when you cant get into one of the TRENDY Strip Resteraunts!
5	This was our first time at The Barrymore. I found it here on Yelp of course. We shall return. The food was excellent. We ordered grilled octopus, crab claws, duck con fit, grilled asparagus, and bone in rib-eye medium rare. The Barrymore cocktail was pretty good as well. Note: if you want a booth seating make reservations for 3 or more. If not you will be seating at a small table next to the window.
1	Perhaps their food is good. Unfortunately we didn't get that far. My family and I were looking for a place in Vegas to celebrate my Dad's 60th b-day. It was a bit last moment, and we wanted a classy looking place that could accomodate 8 people for dinner at a short notice. Most places of that nature were already booked until finally we found Barrymore, reviews looked good, and the location really is very close to the Strip. We made multiple phone calls there to assure the reservation and ask any relevant questions. The service we received before even ordering food was so ridiculously bad, I am not sure folks there realize just how easily a reputation of a restaurant could be ruined by a couple of bad reviews. Perhaps, it was just a really bad shift manager, so I don't want to necessarily criticize the whole establishment. But let me just mention the facts1)We had certain liquor preferences and asked them about a corkage fee. On the phone they said it would be $30, which would have been fine. When we came and asked them to open our bottle, they said they have no license to serve liquor (even though there was definitely wine on the menu and hard liquor at the bar), but it wasn't "an issue $100 wouldn't fix". 2) They were quite rude to my mother who asked about some special dietary accomodations for our elderly guests. As the manager was responding, he actually took a swig of vodka in front of her. 3) We decided to leave (having no back up plans and having the b-day ruined), the manager chased us out, cursed out my whole party (including the f*** word), and asked a bunch of well dressed respectable people to never come again (and this in front of all the other patrons). It was especially embarassing because all of us were from out of town, had no cars, and had to just stand out in the dark and cold on an iffy plaza trying to arrange rides. So, definitely think twice before making any special plans at this place until and unless the management changes.
5	This place was in an odd location but the service and food were amazing...especially for a bacon lover like me.  Our servers beverage and food knowledge was insane.  He blew us away.  The food had the same effect.  I had cherry bacon and pork cheek.  YUMMY!!!
5	I love The Barrymore, one of my favorite places in Las Vegas and probably one of the sexiest restaurants to dine at with your special someone. My boyfriend and I arrived on wednesday evening and were informed by the hostess that unless we had a reservation the only space available was in the lounge. Chad the manager was in the lounge and graciously accomodated us in the private dining area (which was perfect seeing how this was a "date nigth" for us) it was romantic, secluded and beautiful.Our server Juan was excellent, attentive and happy to answer any questions we had. We ordered several items to share and all was delicious (panzanella, arancini, sweetbreads, and more!). I reccomend the Barrymore to all of my friends when they are looking to have a nice dinner in a beautiful restaurant. The lounge is great to share a bottle of wine and appetizers with your girlfriends as well.
5	All the steaks are grass-fed! Paleo win!I was first introduced to this place when my company decided to have Christmas dinner there for all the employees. The location is pretty bad, I wouldn't have ever known it was there if it weren't for this employee dinner. The food here is absolutely excellent, and the bar has a great selection of quality booze. Great atmosphere, great staff. I can't say enough good things about this place. The food here is not only delicious but it's super high quality. Fresh veggies and grass-fed beef. Definitely expensive, but if you're paying $50 for a steak and it's corn- or grain-fed, you're getting ripped off. This place understands quality. I've had the filet and the rib-eye both, and they were cooked and seasoned perfectly.I had the salmon my first trip here and it was also as good as the steaks.
4	How do I keep ending up in Vegas? It's the only place on earth I've never wanted to visit on my own accord and yet friends and family keep picking their birthday celebrations there!  Oh well, luckily the city of sin also has succulent temptations in the way of food.My sister was hesitant to try it out as the location is a little off the beaten path, but considering we were staying at the Trump it worked out okay.  The luxe booths, dim lighting, and transparent wine wall definitely contrasts the fluorescent lights and white floors of the hotel entrance.  I was very pleased with the selection of cocktails available, offering handcrafted and interesting selections as opposed to the newest twist on a Cosmopolitan.  Thinking back on it, I am pretty sad that I didn't try the Lobster Mac and Cheese.  The waiter gave me some great guiding advice and I liked him so I went with it.  I ended up with Octopus with papas bravas and some sort of aioli.  Literally the most tender and velvety octopus I've ever eaten.  I was in absolute heaven with my Aperol spritzer.    Although my shining review might need to be tempered with the knowledge that I had spent the last three days hiking the Grand Canyon, I still feel that this is a solid and delicious restaurant.
2	I had dinner here with a large group of people so i was able to try many items. The food was very disappointing. Foie gras app was overcooked and so were my scallops. I ate one bite of my scallop entree and left hungry. The only redeeming quality of this restaurant is great cocktails and service.
5	two words: fois gras.  Yummmm
3	It pains me to write anything other than a  less than glowing review for The Barrymore because I really want them to succeed. But there were four sour notes during our dinner last night that I need to vent about.1) Our waitrees made a noticeably pained expression when I presented a foursquare  offer for checking in (free glass of sparkling wine). This was at 5:30 and there were no other diners in the room yet so it was not because she was overwhelmed .2) Our Arancini starter was lukewarm. They came out from the kitchen much too quickly and this was the result, They tasted good but should be served piping hot so the cheese oozes out when cut.3) My Pork Belly (a special that evening) was mostly inedible because of the thick layer of fat. I know pork belly is a fatty cut but this was the reverse ratio of fat to meat that should be served, This means I had a few bites of very delicious pork and the plate went back to the kitchen with large chunks of fat, I did mention this to our server-who quizzed me on my knowledge of cuts of pork meat.I should have saved my plate to show evidence of the problem I guess No mentiion of an adjustment to the bill (the full $42 was on the bill) just a promise to let the kitchen know about it,4) The desserts need a lot of work, Chocolate Lava cake?Cheesecake?Creme Brulee? I do love them all but  how about something a lless cliche.? My dining companion  ordered  the Lava cake which came out far too quickly(zapped?) and was dried out on the outside, My cheese cake was very good, We both agreed thi Ice Cream was the best part of the desserts,Our last visit to The Barrymore was so great that we were really looking forward to dinner-and this added to our dissapointment.Unfortunately this is the second time the follow up visit to a group 16 restaurant fell short of the first visit-we had the same thing happen to us(different problems but the same pattern)with our visits to Holstiens at the Cosmo' I really hope they investigate this sad trend.Revisited The Barrymore with a group of friends for my Birthday on 2/1 and my faith in this restaurant was restored!Two of the fellas in my group are VERY serious foodies and they were delighted with the Barrymore. The app's were great, The Short Rib entree was incredible, the sides (lobster Mac&Cheese and Brussels Sprouts with Bacon)were devoured. The two foodies really enjoyed the clever wine list as well.We had the same server as I had on my previous visit and she was great on this visit. The Manager and the host both came by a few times to check on us and to assure that the meal was going well.I am delighted that I  can again recommend The Barrymore to friends looking to have a great meal in Las Vegas-and I already have!
4	I think this place is a great deal for delicious food that isn't insanely expensive in Vegas. Our bill came out to around $150 for 2 people, which really isn't bad compared to other gourmet cuisine in vegas. Although, I have to admit it was delicious but not my favorite food.Firstly, they tell you the breads you're eating which made me really happy and I have to say they were all good. In specific, BACON BREAD (with raisins) was SO good, not to mention the parmesan bread and baguette were also really fresh. To start, we ordered Lobster Macaroni and French Onion Soup. Both were good but not outstanding. I can make better macaroni :(Where the food stood out was the entrees. The duck confit was delicious, as were my scallops! The scallops were really fresh.I would definitely go back, and just avoid ordering the mediocre appetizers. The service was impeccable (perhaps because I was there on a thursday night).
4	What a great find!!! Great food, not super expensive, somewhat ostentatious design but ZERO attitude!1. Food: Nothing out of this world, but everything well done, delicious, and great cocktails and a very nice wine list. And not expensive. My steak here was 99% as good as the one I had at Carnevino for about 1/3rd of the price (read: carnevino is waaay overpriced). 2. Service: 5 stars on this one. staff here is extremely nice, very courteous, and extremely attentive. we had a party of 8 and they were on the ball throughout the meal. Well done!3. Atmosphere: more of a 60's lounge type feel. Very Mad Men. Not a lot of glitz and glamour. Good!And, there's a bar in the lobby that has shuffleboard! Yes!
4	Great service and a hidden gem. Food was above average and a great wine list
3	I was SO excited to try this place with all the great reviews but I was not that impressed.. This is kind of a late review because we came here like a year ago so I don't know if anything has changed.. We came in for lunch.. maybe that was the mistake? We didn't even get to sit in the pretty main dining room nor did we get that delicious bread basket everyone had mentioned. Even the server wasn't that attentive.. good thing the busser was. Anyways we had the french onion soup which is pretty hard to mess up. The burger was good but it wasn't "THE BEST BURGER" I've ever had... From what I heard.. they don't even serve this burger anymore. We also had the chicken lunch entre and that was horrible. We both couldn't have more than a couple bites of it. So maybe we will come back again for dinner or try out the Happy Hour on their patio but definitely won't be coming back for lunch.
5	The Barrymore is a sparkling  gem, nestled in a prime location just off Las Vegas Boulevard.  It neighbors many of the old Las Vegas haunts and legendary watering holes. When you first enter this boutique restaurant, you are greeted by a romantically-lit ambiance and taken back to a more elegant era.  The staff is warm, well-informed on their offerings, and willing to extend their expertise and hospitality.  If you are looking for a gourmet experience with an excellent value, the Barrymore provides an affordable menu showcasing exceptional fare.  Drop in on Jesus at the marble-top bar and order yourself up a "Barrymore," or one of the other specialty drinks.  Before you leave, make sure to ask Chad, the general manager, about the vintage, etched mirror that graces the bar.
5	I rarely think a restaurant deserves five stars, but for the amazing food at an affordable price (well, for Vegas), The Barrymore does.  Gorgeous bar and dining room---intimate setting, dark, romantic.  Loved it.Pan seared foie gras with vanilla bean french toast, fig & cherry chutney. On my list of Top Dishes Ever Eaten. I wanted more! All to myself!  Caesar salad -- romaine hearts with garlic-parmesan dressing, shaved parmesan.  Delish!Steakhouse Burger-- grass-fed beef patty, bacon marmalade, gruyere cheese, frisee, oven-roasted tomatoes, garlic aioli. People have called this the Best Burger in Vegas. I haven't eaten many burgers in Vegas, but it was fabulous!Seared Ahi with creamy polenta & porcini ragout with braised greens & pinot noir reduction. Amazing!We love sidecars---the Barrymore made a great one.Assorted bread basket came with our meal.  Dinner for two, including drinks and appetizers was about $170.Service was excellent.Don't let the location fool you.  Located in a hotel that is extremely unimpressive from the outside, The Barrymore is a true Vegas gem.  I can hardly wait to return!
4	I had been wanting to try the Barrymore for quite some time, so we finally decided to give it a try this weekend. First and foremost, this place is tiny! You will definitely want to make a reservation to ensure that you get a table. The dining room is small and kind of dark. The weird wallpaper does nothing but darken the place up even more. The ceiling is really cool and I think with a lighter wallpaper it would really showcase the awesome ceiling. Our meal started with the bread basket and we were not disappointed. The bacon raison bread was really delicious and the warm baguette slices were also a great touch. The parmesan crisps were also good, I even added a few to my pasta. I started with the Roasted Heirloom Beets and was so happy I did. I love a good beet salad and they have a great beet salad. The goat cheese fritter was a really inventive touch. Everything on the plate worked well together and I tried to savor every bite. My husband started with the lobster mac and cheese. I really liked that it was creamy, but I didn't really think the lobster added anything to the dish. My husband and I both chose specials for the night. I went with the pappardelle pasta with a pork belly ragu and escarole. The escarole added a nice bitter flavor and the pork ragu was very savory. The pasta was delicate and delicious. I was very happy with the dish and had enough to bring some home. My husband had a surf and turf special of a filet of bison and lobster tail. The bison was so tender and delicate, I really enjoyed the few bites I was able to steal.No meal is complete without dessert, so we moved on to the creme brulee. The creme brulee was perfectly done and the spiced pears added such an amazing flavor, it really worked well. The oatmeal cookie ice cream didn't bring much to the dish, but it was still really yummy. I definitely want to eat all future creme brulee with spiced pears!We were not disappointed with our meal and I would definitely head back to the Barrymore again...soon!
5	The most amazing place!!! Romantic, intimate and very "speakeasy-ish"...The staff was amazing and the managers floated all night to make sure everything that came out of the kitchen was to out liking...The food was amazing, everyone at our table had a different plate and there was no complaints :) If you really want to feel like you have an "in" to Vegas this is a place that should be visited!
4	Went here on a whim after reading some decent reviews.  I was very happy with the overall experience.  Server was very attentive, but not overbearing.  We had two appetizers, two entrees and a couple glasses of wine and the bill was just shy of $100.  It's definitely tucked away and probably won't get the attention it deserves, but a great spot nonetheless.  I thought the food quality was great, portion sizes were spot on - not too large, not too small.  I thought the duck dish was a little salty, but it was also confit...  Anyone who is looking for a nice, quiet place to enjoy some good food, give this place a chance.  Wished the hotel offered valet but parking out back isn't terrible.
4	The restaurant was magnificently decorated. It combined Damascus design with cinematic kitsch, finishing with elegant French trimming, resulting in two dining rooms that made me museum-anxious about bumping things. There was a talented lounge singer crooning hits that ranged from Amy Winehouse to Gershwin standards by the bar, and her dulcet tones were piped into both dining rooms.The food was really incredible. Between the two of us, we tried 75% of the menu and there was nothing that didn't just break my heart with its perfection of flavor. However, the champagne used in the Bellini I ordered was really sharp and brutal, tasting like fruity rubbing alcohol rather than champagne brimming with mellow peach.The room we dined in had serious mood lighting going on, leaving us to hold hands during dinner so as not to lose one another in the dark. Not a bad thing, all the more romantic, right? Besides, once Barrymore staff drew back the grey diaphanous curtains, there was a spectacular view of the Riviera's rainbow of neon.The only question in my mind was why the Barrymore made it so hard to get a table when the restaurant was half empty? We called for a reservation in the evening, and they turned us away. 15 minutes later I noticed a "book a table here" icon on Yelp and it said they had a table for multiple times available, so I used that to get a table. When we got there, they told us they'd had a lot of cancellations that evening. Why not just let us have a table in the first place. We were virtually their only customers when we arrived.
5	Prior to my Vegas trip, I sorted yelp restaurants by "highest rated", and it was near the top. It did not disappoint. A little out of the way and off the beaten path, this is a gem. Scored me some big brownie points for the other half's birthday dinner.
5	Best steaks in Vegas! I have been a few times now and they are consistently great. The restaurant has a comfortable upscale atmosphere and excellent service. On this last trip, for an appetizer, my Fiance and I had the Parmesan Arancini - beef & tomato sugo, aceto balsamico and herbs. Little balls of deliciousness! Luckily there were 4, so we could split them and not fight over an odd number. Their steaks are grass-fed, which is a major plus for my Fiance and I being on the paleo diet (even though we broke all the rules for this birthday dinner). I ordered the Filet, along with sharing mashed potato and asparagus sides. And for desert I ordered the Warm Chocolate Cake (I'm a chocoholic) and my Fiance ordered the Vanilla Bean Cheesecake. You can't go wrong with either! Overall, this is my favorite dinner restaurant in town. Added bonus is that it's off the strip a little, so locals can miss all that traffic madness.
5	Wow! This place was great. I went here for a fancy night out and was very impressed with the atmosphere and the food. It's a very intimate, dark setting, and pretty cozy -- I think they only seat 50.Anyway, we started off our meal with the grilled octopus appetizer, which was superb. Fresh, springy texture yet tender and soft. The seasoning was just right and even though the legs looked charred, they were also quite soft. For the main course, I got the duck special, which had duck breast on top of this duck and bean mixture. The breast was very moist and flavorful. The bean mixture had bits of duck mixed in and was also good, though a tad salty. My boyfriend got the Shortrib 'Bourguignon' that comes with carrots, potatoes, and pearl onions. I thought it was quite yummy. The meat was so soft that it pulled apart easily with a fork and the glaze was really tasty. Despite what looked like a relatively small portion of food, the both of us were quite sated, although we always have room for dessert....We finished off with the creme brulee -- SO GOOD! It came with a scoop of ice cream, spiced pears, and a sweet chip on top and the carmelized sugar gave such a satisfying crunch when we dug into the custard.The only thing was the entrance looks like part of a wall that was partially ajar in the hotel lobby of the Royal Resort and it was kind of heavy, so we weren't sure it was open. If you see this, just pull really hard and be on your way! Also this place is on the North end of the Strip away from most of the action so it's good for a quiet date.
4	Went here with my boyfriend to celebrate our anniversary. I wanted to find an upscale restaurant that wasn't over hyped. When we arrived, it was hidden and attached to an old hotel. It didn't look as inviting as I thought until I walked inside the restaurant. It was a hidden gem! The decor was very hollywood-ish and intimate. The first thing that caught my attention was the lobster mac n cheese. The mac n cheese was not heavy at all. It was the perfect mac n cheese. Their bread basket is also out of the ordinary. Bacon and cherry bread? More please! For our entree, we got chicken risotto and grilled scallop. Everything was delicious. Would definitely come back again :)
5	Oh, man, my boyfriend and I loved this place! We had a fabulous dinner here for an amazing price in December and we loved every minute of it. Before we even got there we were waiting in the cab line at our hotel and the man there asked us, "Where to?" When we told him the Barrymore he said he loved it and that we would have an amazing dinner. He was absolutely spot-on.When we arrived, we were both surprised that the restaurant is actually not huge. And I was a little nervous going into the lobby that maybe we didn't choose the right place --it was Sunday night and there weren't many people around--but we had an amazing time. We were seated more or less right away so we didn't get a chance to hang at the restaurant bar but maybe next time.I love the decor of this place -- like everyone says, it's very old-Las Vegas. The booths are really big and really make this place. We sat at a table and our waitress was absolutely lovely. Very attentive and wonderful talking with us about the food. I had their version of a moscow mule to start and it was big! Copper mug and everything, I was happy!The three-course dinner was so reasonably priced we just had to go with it, and we did the wine pairings as well. With my mule I started out with a good amount to drink! But the wines were great with each course and the food was excellent.We don't go to Vegas much, so I imagine when we come back we'll try to visit somewhere different to get a little more variety, but it actually makes me a bit sad--I'd love to return to the Barrymore! If you're on the fence about choosing this restaurant -- just go, you won't regret it!
3	I was excited to try this place after reading all of the positive reviews here.  Sadly it did not live up to the reviews that I had read.  First, the location.  This is located at the end of the strip in a bad area and in an old hotel.  While the restaurant decor is very nice and fun inside, we almost got back in the cab and went elsewhere.  The food while overall pleasant, was just pleasant.  My dish was the Duck Confit which was nice but nothing exciting or different.  The couple that we went with ordered the 2.5 lb Lobster Thermador.  The description of the idem did not include mushrooms but what they received was a lobster shell filled with  80% mushrooms and almost no lobster.  They ended up sending the dish back and the staff was embarrassed at what they had served. Our waitress was great and very attentive and the food on the whole was fine but I would not go back to this place.  There are too many other great places in Vegas.  This was the worst meal we have on our 4 day trip.  To us is was slightly above average food in a sketchy neighborhood.
3	I made reservation to celebrate a birthday here while visiting Las Vegas.  Even though I expected a better experience, it was not a bad one.Upon arrival, we were told that our reservation for 2 was not ready.  So we preceded to the bar for his beer and a glass of wine for me.  We waited about 30 minutes until our table was ready.  The restaurant was packed and had a romantic atmosphere.  I noticed that the service was incredibly slow.  I'm glad I didn't book show tickets because we had a 7:30 reservation, and didn't leave the restaurant until about 10 pm.  I didn't come here to rush, but I didn't expect to have to ask someone else to hunt our waitress down either.We ordered the following:Lobster Mac & Cheese--Great!New York Strip--Great!Chicken--Meh! (the chicken and risotto just did not work together)Mashed Potatoes with Bacon--GoodBroccolini--Goodchocolate cake with a birthday candle--Booooo!  (The cake looked like a broke down cupcake.  It tasted good, gut it looked like CRAP!  Very disappointing for the grand finale.)Overall, I would recommend the Barrymore if they are not crowded.  They definitely have friendly people working there, and have some tasty dishes if you choose well.  The prices are also a bargain compared to other places on the strip.
5	In a town filled with enormous, hyped up, celeb-driven restaurants, this place is like a little gem in a hide-away. Think Sinatra era Vegas... yeah, awesome!Don't let the location fool you. We almost left when the cab pulled up to the front! Food was excellent and unexpected. Cocktails were perfect. Service was exemplary. Decor was fun and funky and cozy. It was exactly what we wanted.We'll be back for sure.
4	A group of friends went to this restaurant last night and it was really great.  The cool started with the bartender's Bruno Mars-like cocktail shaking.  Moved on to the retro Sinatra-inspiring dining room.  Then had excellent service by Israel and nice wine list.  The food was really good, too.  I tried the lobster mac & cheese, which I liked. I really liked the panzanella salad.  We then went to the main bar, which was a scene out of Pulp Fiction. We danced to some music I have never heard before and enjoyed some great people watching.  I would definitely recommend another evening at this place.
5	My wife picked this restaurant for a long awaited and overdue date night / early Valentines day. I don't consider myself a great food critic so please bear with me. What I liked: The small and intimate setting. The attentiveness of our waitress Kendra. The brief visit by the GM Chad. The beer selection was great. I had one from Canada that had a picture of a horse on fire on the label. The caesar salad was perfect. The stone crab was excellent. The NY Strip was absolutely perfect. Cooked exactly how I ordered it. My wife ordered the short ribs and she liked it. I had no expectations coming here but they hit it out of the park last night. I tell my wife often that its not about the money, its about the experience. This will certainly go down as a memorable evening, and we will return. On a side note. I grew up in Iowa and I used to get killer steaks at the grocery store all the time. Having been in Las Vegas for over 10 years, I find the quality of meat here is inconsistent even at the nice steakhouses. Just because it is expensive doesn't mean it will be a good cut of meat. The steak I had here ranked among the best I've ever had. I'm surprised because I didn't get the impression they were known as a steakhouse. All the food was great, you can tell they put a lot of effort into the details. You will have a great experience here!!
4	Hidden restaurant in a old dumpy hotel on the strip located in the Royal Resort. However, The Barrymore serves excellent food and service. Started off with their signature cocktail...The Barrymore, and Lobster Mac & Cheese for appetizer which was excellent and creamy with big chunks of lobster meat. Then had the Short Rib Bourguignon that melted in my mouth. I'm sure I'll be back to this place!
5	We didn't have a reservation and were running late. The manager and chef kept the kitchen open for us after their normal closing hours. Incredible friendly service. Food was excellent. Nothing bad on the menu. Will definitely go again.
5	On my most recent visit here, I was pleased to enjoy one of the top 5 steaks I've ever had. On previous trips I've had the ribeye, and my fiance has had the filet mignon (which I always, happily, get to finish). On this particular trip I tried the New York Strip, and I am glad I did. Not a super easy steak to cook, and if you do it wrong you can definitely end up with a piece of meat that's wrong in a lot of ways. The Barrymore has nailed it. They know steaks. Best-kept secret in Las Vegas meat.And as I keep harping on in all my reviews, the steaks are GRASS-FED! Not only is this amazingly healthy compared to grain- or corn-fed steak, but the flavor is worlds apart. Grass-fed steaks are better in every conceivable way. (Except maybe price, but you get what you pay for!)
5	Really, really enjoyed this place.  The bar and outdoor patio are very cozy.  The restaurant decor is a throwback to earlier times but very comfortable.  The staff are super friendly, very attentive and very knowledgeable.  The presentation, quality of the ingredients and taste of the food was outstanding.  We had the beet salad, diver scallops and squash curry.
5	My friend is a server here and while I was visiting she asked me to stop by.  I was very surprised when I pulled it up on Yelp and saw the great ratings, based off of where it was I was expecting a dump.  The hotel it is in is definitely interesting.  When I walked in the door, I was amazingly impressed.  I was sad we only were having drinks to meet up my friend.  Next time I am definitely going to bring my buddies to eat here.  Of the large group I came to Vegas with, 2 of my buddies joined me.  We all ordered specialty drinks.  They were all incredible.  Although I did not eat, because we had reservations at another place, the food that walked by looked and smelled outstanding.  This is a great hidden gem of Vegas, definitely check it out!
5	Stick a flag in the Barrymore, everyone.  Put it on permanent bookmark because this is the best restaurant in Las Vegas.  Part classical steakhouse/part French bistro with a mixologist-designed drink menu and a classic Vegas/contemporary hipster feel.  It's cool.  It's tasty.  It's just plain great.When tourists hit Vegas, they often try out the stylish restaurants on the Strip, hoping for unique flavors and a meal they will talk about long after they've flown home.  Vegas locals know, though, that the best chance at that kind of meal is often hidden off the Strip on other Vegas streets.  My vote for the most memorable meal in Vegas is the Barrymore.  While the will tourists hit French restaurants and steakhouses on the strip for $100+ a person meals, the Barrymore is quietly the best classically upscale restaurant in Vegas at more moderate price (although still not cheap).Appetizers: classic options with interesting taste twists.  The panzanella (Tuscan tomato salad): tart and sweet and delicious with vinegary marinated heirloom tomatoes topped with burrata cheese (that appears to be homemade) and fried bread pieces (not dried out croutons--lightly fried bread pieces).  Put it all together and it's brilliant.Roasted Heirloom Beets: roasted beets and goat cheese should be officially married after tasting this dish.  They are perfectly paired. The Dinner: steakhouse options and various rich dinner options.Duck confit: served with risotto, this dish should be award-winning--rich and flavorful and tender. The risotto is all flavor and buttery with truffle flavor on top.  The amount of duck served is small, but the flavor is so rich that you won't mind the choice of quality over quantity as the duck meat falls off the bone.Scallops with curried cauliflower: another perfect pairing.  The scallops were cooked perfectly and topped with a delicious and tart cilantro sauce.Asparagus side: grilled expertly--still crisp, but roasted long enough to bring the flavor to the surface.The bar is worth a visit on its own.  The martini menu is a page long and has some delicious blends.  Fans of mixology will love this place.And back to the food.  Save room for the tiramisu when you come here.  It is a unique take on the classic dessert--with the marscapone filling a cup with lady fingers and a coffee-flavored biscotti.
5	It was amazing!  We did their special valentines night pre-fix menu along with wine!!!!
4	I love everything about the Barrymore.  I love the "Old Las Vegas meets Old Holywood" vibe.  I half expected to see Dean Martin or Frankie walk out from behind the flowing iridescent silver/grey curtains.  I love the movie reels on the ceiling, the mood lighting,  the high back, pintuck velvet booths, the pristIne white tablecloths and top notch service. This place is so romantic and oozes with glamour.It was suggested that we request to be served by Israel and he did not disappoint.  rrom the wine recommendations, to the presentation of each course, to the scraping of the table between each course, he was a class act.The food was fantastic. My husband is not a foodie but was very adventurous and loved every bite.  We had a yummy beet salad to start and our entree's were Chilean Sea Bass and Filet.  We shared the asparagus and mashed potatoes (I can honestly say that they were just average) but the entree's were worth every penny.  We had dessert (I think it was Tiramisu) and again...delish.So overall...I would agree with the other reviewers that this is probably one of the best kept secrets in Vegas and I would definitely go here again!  Word to the wise...leave the kiddo's at home..PLEASE!!
5	Well I must say that I am quite impressed and baffled that I have never heard of this place.  Thanks to Ms. Yelp herself (Misti Y.) her recommendation exceeded expectation.  The Barrymore is a hidden treasure located in the little boutique-like hotel off of Convention Center Drive (across the street from Ross).  Who knew???Anyways, I was so excited to try something different...and to suprise my honey for Valentines Day.  We got seated immediately as our reservation was for 6:30 on Friday night.  There was only a couple other tables with people at the time we were seated but come 7pm the place was full.  We ordered our drinks Chardonney and the Barrymore (signature drink) which both were great!  A little pricey but good.  My glass of wine was $13.  A selection of breads came out...warm and delish.  The Italian bread crusted with salt was my favorite.For appetizer we had the shrimp cocktail (on steriods).  They were gigantic!  We both ordered the filets and OMG Im so glad we did.  It was melt in your mouth goodness.  The sides we picked (which are ordered separately) were mashed potatoes (the creamiest I think I have ever had) and the brocollini which was a nice addition too.And did I mention the decor and the ambiance???  This was a Del Friscos meets old Vegas feel.  A little on the dark side which the waiter had a flashlight to help with the menu.  There was an outdoor patio with lounge seating and a fire in the background.  We went out there just to take some pics and the waiter ran out to help with taking some photos.  So nice.  A little goes a long way!Overall I am pleased!  Well recommended Misti!  It is a little pricey.  Our bill was about $200.  So if money is not an object and your looking for good food and romantic ambiance by all means try this place.  Its also a nice place to just check out for drinks....sit on the patio!
2	I took three important guests to dinner here this past weekend. While I enjoyed the ambiance, there were several things that disappointed me. We sat at the bar before being taken to our table and the bartender was fair at best. We were one of two parties at the bar and it took almost 10 minutes for us to be waited on. When we got to our table, there was a bread and butter plate missing from our table setting, and one of us was served the wrong appetizer. While these errors were quickly corrected, they should not have happened in the first place. When it came time for the entrees, the filet mignon was over salted and the mushrooms were only decent.  When you pay this much for a meal, the whole experience should be flawless. I certainly see potential in the Barrymore, but it doesn't compare to Michael's and some of its' other competitors.
3	I nice little small place.  Very Rat Pack decor and atmosphere.  The food was good as the pictures show and service was excellent.  I thought the food was a little too salty and $15 for martini's a little pricey.....if not for those two misses this place is a four star restaurant.
5	A M A Z I N G !  The most amazing meal!
5	Found this restaurant through Yelp and TripAdvisor and although in a remote area, we gave it a shot. Everything was great and we both agreed that it was quite possibly the best meals we'd ever had. Lobster mac and cheese is a MUST. It looks like a small dish but it just keeps going. We also had the range free chicken and ny strip steak. We finished off the meal with the warm chocolate cake. It was my boyfriend's birthday (which I had mentioned when I made the reservation) and although we didn't get to pick out the dessert, we were blown away. It was so amazing. We were stuffed but couldn't stop eating. Also, the spanish sangria is to die for!! Cannot wait to go back to Vegas just so we can eat here!
2	The room was visually appealing with it's Old Hollywood style decor complete with cinematic reels on the ceiling, but we were seated near the too noisy bar area and the all too frequent arctic gusts of wind detracted from any sort of comfort level.Soon after we were seated "our drinks" arrived, how cool is that (not the arctic wind blasts) but that they could read my mind without taking my order first.  It actually took some more than necessary convincing before our waiter finally relented that we did not in fact order those drinks, nor had we ordered anything yet!When our cocktails did arrive, the uneventful HillBilly beef brisket infused Bloody Mary was accompanied by a wedge of last week's dry and tired lime, The Lonnie martini was fortunately garnish-less and pleasant.One of the things that generates a vast culinary sadness in me is an bad bread experience, and what arrived was a whole basketful of it.  What should have been delectable bacon & cherry bread, baguette slices and Parmesan crisps, were horrifically stale apparitions of their former selves. There is never an excuse for stale bread.  NEVER!We had:Lukewarm French onion soup, which was tasty, but not exceptional.  Free Range Chicken with mushroom risotto, nueske bacon, and baby mustard greens.  The chicken was overcooked and dry, the risotto was pasty and fair.Short Rib Bourguignon. Meh.We did not have:The side dishes we ordered which never arrived.For dessert we rushed to Trader Joe's to pick up some sweets to comfort ourselves at home.  There is just so much disappointment, mediocre food & poor service one can endure.
5	LOVED this place. I actually found it because I yelp'd from my iPhone when a  nearby restaurant's wait was too long for my liking on a Friday night. I called The Barrymore and the receptionist said there was a slight wait, but took my reservation and applied my drive time to my reservation. I was already sold. By the time I showed up, my girlfriend and I were immediately seated at a cute little table for two with a view of the fire-pit and patio outside. As soon as our glasses of wine were brought out, the GM approached our table and whisked us away to the back room and asked if we would be more comfortable enjoying our meal there. It was like our already 5-star experience got upgraded to a 6-star experience. The decor is old-Hollywood glam (me and my red lipstick fit right in), the lobster mac was out-of-this-world, and the chef CUT OUR STEAK UP FOR US! I've represented several high-end restaurants in Houston, and I've never experienced that type of service. AMAZING. We felt like princesses, and in fact, our waiter told us we should be treated like princesses when my friend attempted to place her own napkin in her lap, and he insisted that's why he was there --as he placed her napkin in her lap--- to wait on us hand and foot. The whole experience was straight out of a movie! We had such a great dining experience, we decided to extend our stay for a cocktail at the bar. The bartenders were so friendly and even explained the history of the Barrymores' glass sign by the bar (I'll let you ask...such a cool little story).I've lived here for a year now, and this is officially my go-to resto to bring any family members, clients and friends who are in town!
5	I still cannot believe how amazing this place is. DO NOT be scared away by the ugly hotel it is in. The Barrymore is one of the best restaurants I've been to. The ambience is wonderful, the staff is so warm, and the food was out of this world. Extensive wine list that has a little bit of everything. The server is great at making recommendations. Awesome cocktails...bartender definitely knows what he's doing. But the best part by far was the food. Interesting, beautiful, delicious dishes. Each thing I tried was better than the last. My favorites were the panzanella salad, NY, scallops, and lobster Mac and cheese. And you definitely have to end with the chocolate cake. The whole experience was so amazing that I had to go back again the next night for round two. From now on I will never do a Vegas trip without eating at the Barrymore at least once!
4	My bf and I went here to celebrate his birthday. Service was excellent and they even gave us a free delicious dessert.Appetizer: Panzanella - it was good but I did not like the cheese that they put on top and the raw onions. The citrus dressing though was good.Main Course: Mediterranean Sea Bass - I almost licked the plate because not only it was good but the fish was very very tiny. The mashed potatoes sort of camouflaged it to make it look big. Rib Eye - it was good and well seasoned. My bf asked for medium-rare, it came out medium-well.The creme brulee was the highlight of the night since it was free and the most delicious. It had some pears and a scoop of ice cream. I almost licked the plate. We will be back!
5	Loved, LOVED this place. Loved the vibe, to start. The cocktails, to continue. The food, to end. Had the arancini, fried artichokes, grilled octopus, panzanella salad, beet salad, wedge salad, foie gras, 2 steaks, scallops and tried 4 desserts. OK, I didn't do that on my own, but so what?? Also they have an entire list of 50 wines (bottles) under $50. Who DOES that in Vegas??? No one, I tell you. I was so excited I wrote about it twice: http://blogs.laweekly.com/squidink/2013/02/las_vegas_steak_restaurant_bar.php and with more pics here: http://www.eattalk.net/2013/02/postcard-from-las-vegas.html#.USfVZOgRQtUI will definitely be back to this place as soon as I return to Vegas. Don't pay any attn to the sketchy hotel in which it resides. It's fabulous. A Must-do.
4	I asked for Drew but she wasn't there that night... bad joke... Went here for a post V-Day dinner with my lady and also my buddy and his lady.. Here's what I had: Roasted Artichoke - It was good and tasty. It was artichoke hearts topped with stuff. I'm not sure why but I was expecting more of a halfed or quartered whole roasted/grilled artichoke. Nonetheless I thought it was good. Panzanella - I did this for my salad. Ehhh.. Not thrilled by it. I'd go with a reg salad if I were to go back. I know Panzanella isn't salad but I was in the mood.. Filet - Cooked perfectly. I did the Bearnaise sauce. I do find it odd and slightly tacky when a steakhouse charges extra for sauce. Classes things down a notch for me. I always remember this place I ate (that will remain nameless) where I ordered a big steak, dinner, the whole thing, and I asked for sour cream on my baked potato and they said .75 cents extra, steak was good but that drove me nuts. Perhaps I have baggage when it comes to this.. but I'm just sayin, it bugs me.. Sides - Sauteed spinach and cream corn lobster. Spinach solid and the cream corn lobster is very buttery rich as you would expect. We were sat back by the kitchen or at least the dish area and were treated to the noise of falling dishes a couple times. I liked the style of the place. The service was spot on. I like the bottle of wine. And I had a very nice coffee for desert. I was happy after my meal. After reading the reviews and hearing the hype.. Perhaps my expectations were a little high or we just caught them on an off night. 3.5 in my book but I went ahead and rounded up.
5	Fantastic food, drinks and service!!!  Atmosphere is wonderful!!  Highly recommend asking to be seated in Israel's area - fantastic server!!!!!Arancini and grilled octopus to start along with a fantastic bread and butter basket.Duck Confit, Rib Eye, and Short Rib for dinner.  2 different desserts.  All was fantastic!!!!
5	Awesome food.
5	Enjoyed a nice romantic dinner. Great food, great service!
4	Don't let the hotel that it's in, fool you! The hotel (I don't even remember the name) looks like a book-by-the-hour hotel and I was afraid I was in the wrong spot. However, once you step into the Barrymore, you are transformed into a swanky, 1960's Mad Menish, restaurant. They really should move to a hotel that fits its class and style.I made reservations for 7:30 PM in order to give my friends and I ample time for a nearby 9:30 show. However, we weren't seated until 8:10. The hostess profusely apologized and the manager even came to our table and offered us a free appetizer. We all looked at the menu for 10 seconds, not sure what appetizer to get, but he said "Don't worry. I'll take care of you." 10 minutes later, THREE appetizers came out and they were all delicious. We got the roasted artichoke, roasted heirloom beets, and the lobster mac and cheese (MUST HAVE if you like mac and cheese). Maybe I should come here more often and pray that there is a delay just to get free appetizers. As for our entrees, all three of my friends had great dishes (sorry forgot what they ordered) but my Diver Scallop entree tasted as if the chef accidentally dropped a bottle of salt into my dish. I made my friends try it, just to make sure I wasn't being overly critical, and one of my friends actually spit it out because it was too salty. I wanted to return the dish, but we were already running late and I didn't want to cause more trouble! I'm not sure if that's how the dish is supposed to taste, but if it is, it's waay too salty for me and my friends. Overall, the manager is great, the atmosphere is sexy and posh, and the food is generally tasty.
2	I wish i could actually give this place a better review. Food was good, but not great enough to have such bad service. It may very likely be the night I went, but no one seemed to apologize for long waits and missing our reservation for over 2 hours. Bar gets 5 starts though. Great wine by the glass list.
4	Picked the Barrymore for a nice romantic dinner after reading the reviews on Yelp. Found the food to be excellent, the portions were large, and our waiter Israel was helpful and fantastic.  The only downside was the large, loud group seated right beside in a dining room that is on the small side.  Would highly recommend this restaurant!
5	The place is freakin' bombshell.  It's especially bombshell if you're someone like me who'd rather be horse-kicked in the trachea than spend time on "The Strip".
5	Ever watch Mad Men and think "why don't we have restaurants like that anymore?"  Well my friends we do and it's called The Barrymore.  This place is so retro chic you swear the Rat Pack and Don Draper will walk thru the door at any moment.  The food was great, wonderful service, you have to put this at the top of your restaurant list.  Totally worth the cab drive to get away from the strip.
5	Amazing service! Their lobster is excellent!! Corn Lobster is my favorite!!! Little hidden treasure!
5	Revisited The Barrymore with a group of friends for my Birthday on 2/1 and my faith in this restaurant was restored!Two of the fellas in my group are VERY serious foodies and they were delighted with the Barrymore. The app's were great, The Short Rib entree was incredible, the sides (lobster Mac&Cheese and Brussels Sprouts with Bacon)were devoured. The two foodies really enjoyed the clever wine list as well.We had the same server as I had on my previous visit and she was great on this visit. The Manager and the host both came by a few times to check on us and to assure that the meal was going well.I am delighted that I  can again recommend The Barrymore to friends looking to have a great meal in Las Vegas-and I already have!
3	Went for prix fixe menu (nite be4 NYE) we ordered:Pan Seared Foie Gras- goodCatalan Style Grilled Octopus - GoodBaked potato - OkBrussel Sprouts - OkCream Corn & Lobster - OkMuscovy Duck Confit - Best, compare to other dishes.Filet Mignon 8oz- goodNY Strip 14oz - asked for medium-well, it came out medium-rare. send it back, it came out little bit over cooked.Bone-in Ribeye 18oz+Foie Gras - good2 bottles of red wine ( recommended by wine specialist ) -great selectionOverall, dining experiences was good. Very helpful/ friendly servers. Just, I had better somewhere else.
5	We found this place on Yelp and are SO glad that we did. Like others have said, the hotel that The Barrymore is in seems a bit sketch, but the restaurant was darling. Very warm and welcoming. We got there early and were seated right away by a lovely hostess.Hubs had:- an excellent dirty martini- shrimp cocktail (very elegantly plated with huge shrimp)- French Onion soupI had:- a tasty Prosecco- Caesar salad- short rib entree with root vegetables- oatmeal cookie ice cream creme bruleeA delicious bread basket came right away and the bacon-cranberry bread was yummy! Our server Bill was friendly, attentive and super knowledgable. All of the food was tasty, with the short-rib being the highlight.We could easily get a reservation on a busy Friday night. Service was excellent and prompt. Food was delicious. We were thrilled to find this gem. Will definitely go back.
5	The boyfriend and I took a quick "babymoon" trip to Vegas and wanted to do a nice dinner at a restaurant we'd both never been to before. I started researching places on Yelp and I kept coming back to this place. I showed the menu to my boyfriend and he was sold... within minutes, reservations were made. Like others have said, the outside of the hotel can kind of fool you... but the restaurant itself is pretty nice.Hands down, their LOBSTER MAC & CHEESE is my favorite thing on their menu. It's only an appetizer and I only wish they had it as an actual entree. My boyfriend had the Short Rib Bourguignoni... I had the Muscovy Duck Confit... and we shared a side of the Cream Corn & Lobster. Everything we ordered for our meal was DELICIOUS... including the complimentary bread basket they give you. We were so full that we couldn't squeeze in any dessert. But it gives us another reason to have to go back to this restaurant the next time we're in Vegas! :)
4	When you roll in with a group of 40 you know you are going to take up some space.  Good thing they had side dining room.  Also good that they had a prix fixe menu with drinks included to get us served in decent time.  Tried the lobster mac and cheese.  It had a lot of lobster in it.  Also tried the sea bass and the pork belly.  The pork belly is to die for.  The sea bass was so so, but the skin was to die for.  Also enjoyed the Tom Jones tribute by the lounge singer.  The Barrymore did a great job with our large group.
4	Very cool little restaurant tucked away inside the Royal Resort. This place feels like old Vegas, the days before the "Celebrity Chef" phenomenon sucked all the soul out of Vegas eating establishments. We made a reservation on Open Table for a Saturday night at 8pm and when we arrived we were seated immediately inside the main dining room. The entire restaurant seats 50 so it has a chill vibe that is a welcome relief from the neon Disneyland just outside the doors.  We ordered the Pan Seared Foie Gras, being from California this dish was a must, and the Lobster Mac & Cheese. Both appetizers were pretty good. Not the greatest Lobster Mac I've had but certainly not the worst either, same with the Foie Gras, had much better but again, since I cant have it in CA it was awesome just to be able to order it. For our entrees we had the Duck Confit and Short Rib, both were excellent and pair incredibly well with our wine. I wish I  could remember the name of the bottle we ordered but the Sommelier was definitely on point.  I love the decor and ambiance of this place and cant wait to dine here again on my next visit to Vegas.
5	Make yourself a reservation and have a pep talk with your wallet. This place is swanky. The drinks are a bit pricey for being off the strip. While sitting at the bar awaiting a table we ordered two drinks. Once our table was ready (20 minute wait) we got our bill for the bar and $30 later we were being seated. They bring you a bread basket so try not to get too full off of carbs before your meals come. As other reviews have said...order the lobster mac n cheese. Delicious! It's a great opener to your meal. I ordered the duck and my gf ordered the prime rib as a side we ordered mashed potatoes. Yummy!!! To close out our meal we ordered the creme brulee. What a delectable surprise. Either way a great meal and a must revisit.
5	Such a neat little restaurant. Very cute little bar inside, the patio looked awesome, and the room we were seated in was so chill. There was a man singing Sinatra songs in the lobby and it was so good I thought it was overhead music at first. The waitress and bartenders were all friendly and kind. The food was to die for. My boyfriend had the filet and he cannot stop talking about it. I had the curry and it was delicious. The clam appetizer was also very good. If I go back to Vegas I will definitely head back to The Barrymore.
5	This place is so great.  I almost don't want to write a review just so I can hoard the goodness all for myself next time.  It's stumbling distance to/from the Wynn or Slot's of Fun depending on how fancy pants you are feeling afterwards. I just can't say enough good stuff about it from the outdoor lounge to the beautiful leather interior.  It's very intimate and the steaks are just incredible. I had to be restrained from gnawing on the bone  with my bare hands by the wife.  You could pay more on the proper strip for a lesser meal with a "named chef" or you could go to a place like this which is definitely a unique Vegas experience. What an oasis in tourist hell. This will be a mandatory annual pilgrimage from now on.
2	I really wanted to like this place. During our 3-night stay in Vegas, my husband and I planned one romantic pricy restaurant night, to get away from the craziness of the strip and the casinos. We chose the Barrymore because the menu looked amazing and the restaurant was highly rated. The food was indeed fantastic and I would give the Barrymore 5 stars for just the food. Unfortunately, the service was terrible. When we arrived, there was just one other couple finishing up their meal in the restaurant. We ordered our food and wine and while the wine arrived very quickly, the bread took quite a long time. In the meantime, three other large tables were seated, asked for their orders, and were brought bread. Odd, but this is not the reason for by 2 star review. Before moving on, though, I just wanted to mention that one of the breads that they serve has bacon in it. If you're a vegetarian, watch out!Later, the lobster macaroni and cheese appetizer arrived and was amazing. The problems were entirely in the service of the entrees. My husband ordered a special, and I ordered salmon. Upon ordering, the waiter misheard "salmon" and asked if I said "same." I told him that I actually said salmon, and, writing my order down, he reiterated "salmon." What came out an hour later were two of the specials. Not a big deal - we told them that my order was actually the salmon, and the waiter unapologetically whisked my meal away. For the next thirty minutes, I watched my husband eat his entree as I sat eating nothing. Now, I'm not in the restaurant business and I'm not sure what the protocol is for an incorrect entree, but I don't think the right thing to do is to leave one person (out of a couple!) with no food, while the other is awkwardly forced to eat his food alone so it doesn't get cold. I took a bite of my husband's dish, and it was delicious, but it was his meal and I was still waiting for mine so I just sat there, staring at my forks, as he uncomfortably ate his meal. Waiters and waitresses passed us and no one seemed to think that this dynamic was odd. The cherry on top was when our bill arrived: the restaurant attempted to charge us for two of the specials instead of one special and one salmon. The price difference between the special and the salmon was $15. I pointed this out to the waiter and he very unapologetically said that this was the check for what he thought we ordered. I was actually expecting them to perhaps discount my entree or maybe provide a free dessert as an apology for the awkward meal due to my incorrect entree, but instead they tried to charge me $15 more for my meal!This restaurant is quite expensive, and we were spending quite a chunk of change on a full meal with a bottle of wine. In exchange, what we hoped for was a pleasant meal that we could share together. Unfortunately, the Barrymore did not deliver.
3	Here are my thoughts:  Made a reservation for a Sunday evening, got to the place and it was empty, really?  The steak we ordered was tasty and cooked just like we liked it. The cesar salad and lobster bisque where yummyyy, and also the complimentary bread, but the short ribs had to much fat and where a little burnt. I  Was not to crazy about the drinks either. So if you have extra cash give it a try and I hope your experience is much better than mine.
4	I really like this restaurant.  The decor is classic and the food is delicious.  It has tons of character and you don't have to hike through a major casino to get there.  I've tried the Filet, Jidori Chicken and the Short Rib - all were excellent.  For apps, I recommend the rock shrimp, artichoke, beet salad and heirloom salad. My friends ordered the Sea Bass and the Scallops - both were pleased with their order. The patio is especially nice when the weather is good.  The restaurant also boasts a nice cocktail and wine selection. I like "The Barrymore," which is pretty similar to an Old Fashioned.
5	My girlfriend took me here for my birthday dinner and it was phenomenal. Out of a whole vacation of awesome food, the grilled octopus we had here might have been the best thing I ate the whole trip. The lobster Mac and Cheese was great too as were the cocktails and wine selection. We were extremely well taken care of by our server. He brought out champagne and desert when he found out it was my birthday and was very friendly and attentive without hovering. He said the chef refused to tell anyone how they got the octopus so tender, though, so don't bother asking. This is a perfect restaurant for a romantic dinner. The only weird thing is the 2 star hotel it's in. It's the kind of place that people would stay at on road trips before smartphones and the only way you'd know of a hotel is if you could see it from the freeway. When we were pulling up, I was thinking "where the hell are you taking me?"  There were more NASCAR jackets in the hotel lobby  than full sets of teeth, but once you get into the restaurant, its hard not to get pulled into its Old Hollywood style vibe. It's just cool. That's the perfect word for it. Like I said, the food was great and the service was awesome. I expect this is more of a "local's only hidden gem" than a tourist spot, but you'd be well served giving this place a shot.
2	Had dinner at the Barrymore this week with my girlfriend and my parents. I had high expectations and also picked the place for the decor, looking v cool on the website. I really wanted to like the place.I made a special request for a nicer table as we were celebrating my parents' wedding anniversary - The restaurant called a week before saying they made special arrangements and got us a nice table on the patio. Great! Well it turned out that the "special arrangement" was to accomodate a big group that took over the whole room on the night of our reservation. So nothing to do with my request, they just fooled us. The young lady who placed us was obnoxious and unpleasant. On the other hand, our waitress was really nice and helpful. I am putting 2 stars as the steaks we got (NY strip and T-bone) were very very good. The 35$ foie gras burger was a total disaster. Definitely not worth the 25$ ride from the strip and freezing on the patio most of the time.
5	What a pleasant surprise! Everything was exceptional here! The service, the food, and the ambiance. The steak was cooked perfectly and sea bass was wonderful! The mushrooms for a side were outstanding! Definitely recommend and would go back! A hidden gem!
3	I wish I can give it a 3 and 1/2 stars but the reason I give this place 3 stars is that I found some of the dishes to be a bit odd.However, from what i've tried, I would get the short rib, lobster mac, and cheese corn.Miso marinaded sea bass: the sea bass was cooked perfectly, it came with rice, bok choy and such.  It was more of a soup(a bit floral or herby which to me was odd but if you like that kind of stuff) with sea bass on top.(not miso glazed)lobster bisque: again i felt that the flavor was a bit oddfoie gras: was excellentlobster mac and cheese: 5 starscorn&lobster(side): Very goodveal sweetbreads: was never a real fan of sweetbreads but this was gooddiver scallops: scallops were slightly overcooked but this is was very goodshort rib: out of all the dishes i've tried. this to me was the best.(sadly i didnt try any steaks)chicken and risotto: risotto with the white asparagus was good. for me the chicken was a bit dry.
4	Took my husband here for his birthday on a Vegas trip and we both loved it! He had the filet with a side of mashed potatoes, and I had a scallop dish. We took our waiter's suggestion and tried the octopus appetizer. I could have made a meal out of that. I think I liked it even more than the scallops, which were delicious. We also had a bottle of cab recommended by our server. They have a 50 under $50 wine list, which made the whole night fairly reasonable, considering the quality of the food and staff. Our server, Israel was attentive, funny, and very knowledgeable. The hotel was kitchy and cute. There was an ancient fellow playing piano in the lobby with a small following (including us, after dinner). My husband had to tear me away.
4	I went here this past Friday to celebrate a friend's birthday, and I'm glad I did!   The Barrymore is a beautiful little restaurant hidden inside a very sketchy Hotel right off the Vegas Strip. As I walked up to the front door I was a little nervous because I saw the typical douchey Vegas tourists in their flip flops, Tommy Bahama shirts, and golfing shorts..This is a FANCY restaurant..Try to have some class, this isn't Fremont or The Circus Circus Buffet.   We made it in time for our 7:30 reservation, but had to wait,  we sat at the bar and ordered a few drinks and looked around in awe..  Beautiful art works, old Hollywood Glamour furnishings..I felt like I had gone back in time..A time before Ed Hardy, Tommy Bahama, and Tapout... After we waited for a while I finally went back to the hostess stand, and found out that she gave our table away. The VERY TALL manager overheard and promptly bought us a round of drinks for our patience. He made sure that we were happy and well taken care of, especially hearing that we were locals.  I just moved here from L.A. where a manager wouldn't give to shits about giving away your table, so this all came as a shock to me.  We finally sit at our table, I can't stop thinking about how utterly gorgeous everything was..  O.K.  FOOD!..  We ordered the Lobster Mac and Cheese ( who wouldn't?! )   It was creamy,rich, and mouthwatering.. I also ordered the kale salad which was also good..but I actually love the Winter Kale Salad @Culinary Dropout 1000 times better..My friends all loved their main courses..but I ordered the Chicken, which seemed like an after thought..it wasn't good..  It was VERY dry and flavourless.  I am looking forward to revisiting The Barrymore, but I will  definitely be getting a different entree or maybe just order two bowls of the Lobster Mac and Cheese. :)So visit The Barrymore, but please don't dress like a tacky tourist!
3	I was dismayed by the hotel the restaurant was situated in but the ambiance was nice once you got inside the restaurant.Three of us ordered Delmonico steak (thinking it would be similar to the capital grille) but it was tough and dry, their lobster mac n cheese was good though...
5	Yelp steered me perfectly for a special birthday dinner pre-Elton John at the Colesseum.  We had to be at Caesars for a 7:30 show.  I made a 5:30 reservation through Open Table and noted both the birthday and our need to leave by 7 PM to make our show.  Even though we were about 10 minutes late, they got us out on time.  The host and our server were both aware of the birthday and the time constraint (without any prompting.)Our server Bill was impeccable.  The perfect balance of charming, personable, professional and communicative.  He checked in at all the right times, was prompt and confident with recommendations and questions, and made sure the timing of every aspect of our meal (drinks, appetizer and entrees) were spaced appropriately and yet delivered promptly to keep us on schedule.The restaurant decor was charming and cozy (it's a small place, so I'd strongly recommend reservations.)  It's located in a rather rundown casino, but the restaurant itself would be worthy of a spot in any high-end casino.   Your money spent here is clearly going into the quality of the food and the service rather than their rent.  It's actually quite easy to get to by Vegas standards.  You can park in a surface lot immediately adjacent to the hotel, walk into the hotel, follow signs to the left side of the lobby, and voila, you're there!  It took less than 5 minutes to park and get to our table, a rarity for dining at most restaurants inside most casinos.The food - also amazing.  I never order lobster mac n' cheese (not really a favorite) but due to Yelp, we tried it, and did not regret it.  Creamy rather than gooey, fresh little bits of lobster throughout....YUM!For our mains, we had the duck (out of this world, I was making little noises of delight) and the short rib (he was awfully quiet, which always means he's really loving it.)My cocktail was interesting, and his wine was fabulous.We loved every bit of the Barrymore.  Thank you equally to the kitchen and to the dining room for making it a memorable birthday dinner!
4	Great food, great drinks and great service.  I enjoyed sitting on the outdoor patio.  The panzanella was fantastic and the foie was good, but overpriced for the portion size.  The lobster mac and cheese was good, but not great due to the lobster being overcooked.  I don't think it is possible to cook it correctly, because every time I've had it anywhere, the lobster was overdone.  The drink menu was interesting and good, with many drinks you won't find elsewhere.  The wait staff was very good, with a good knowledge of both the menu and drinks.
5	I went here on a Sunday night and had a great time. Our waiter was very friendly and gave us excellent service. My group of four people paid a little over $200, but we had plenty of food and had to take some home. The appetizers were excellent (we had 4 different types), but the foie gras was my favorite by far. I tasted four entrees. The best of which would be the Duck followed closely by the Chicken. However, the other fish entrees were delicious. We sat outside because the weather was very nice. The patio area was extremely clean despite not having any coverings. Great place, good food, and I recommend giving this place a try.
5	It's a small amazing place, great atmosphere, good location and fantastic food. It's pricey but well worth it.
5	AMAZING! Food and service was awesome! We had the lobster Mac and cheese, octopus and foie gras and they were all to die for..and we. Couldn't decide who's dinner tasted better because they were all soooo good.
5	I took a trip to Las Vegas recently and was lucky enough to have found a restaurant which serves great seared foie gras. As Californians, we were so craving for foie gras nowadays and The Barrymore totally satisfied our needs.  It was a great meal!!! and we will come back for more!!!Btw, the food, the wine list and the service is top notch! It was one of the best meal I had in Las Vegas.
5	I had dinner at the Barrymore as part of a Birthday/Mother's Day outing with my family. I must say that dinner was outstanding. The restaurant is decorated in a Old Hollywood fashion with what appears to be film reels on the ceiling - very chic! The Bar area and waiting area are small but there is plenty of seating through out, so you don't feel as if you're piled on top of one another. On to the food: The short-rib was so tender you could cut it with a fork, it was served with small potatoes, carrots and a red wine glaze. The Creamed Spinach ( there are two options) was prepared so well with out being too soupy or the spinach to stringy. The Lobster Mac and Cheese was great, I'm not a fan of seafood in my Mac and Cheese, but this dish gets a pass- it was really good. Other items that my party dined on were:  Cream corn w/ Lobster and Bacon, Muscovy Duck, Jidori Chicken  and Miso Marinated Sea Bass - from the reactions at the table they were all excellent.  As for Drinks: The Watermelon martini was a hit all around at our table - it was light and refreshing with just the right mix of Watermelon Liqueur and Watermelon Vodka not too sweet and not too strong - Perfect!.   The service was fabulous -  our waitress Kendra was an absolute delight. She provided excellent service and ensured that our Birthday celebration ended on a sweet note ( We had cake!).
3	meat and salad ok but nothing specialvegetables overcookedeverything else not worth the time or moneyother reviews very misleading
5	This place was really great in all aspects. The one thing I will say is that it's not directly on the strip, and it's slightly too far to walk (especially if you are all dressed up for the evening and don't want to get sweaty). But that said, it's only a five minute cab ride (or less) away, and is totally worth it. Great food and drinks, and not too terribly expensive, you can get out of here for under $100 for two people if you really want. We ordered drinks to start, I got a bellini and the bf got the Barrymore (their version of an old fashioned) which was very smooth. We got the lobster mac and cheese for an appetizer, very yummy. Ordered sea bass and the prime steak special for entrees. The sea bass was good, but the steak was spectacular, cooked perfectly and very flavorful. And for dessert we got the warm chocolate cake, again probably some of the best I've ever had. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful, and actually recommended some of the items that ended up being our favorites. He even brought complimentary sparkling wine to have with our dessert. Would recommend this place to anyone, great for date night or special occasions. It is small and intimate, so they recommend making reservations.
5	Had an amazing dinner with my girlfriend on a Sat night. If you're looking to get off the strip for some great food and service, this is the spot. Touch of old Vegas in a random location. Cool,  cool, cool. Had the short rib, was fall apart tender. Gfriend had the filet, also great. Creme brulee was fantastic.
4	Everything I have ordered here was delicious, well prepared and served beautifully.  Good deal on corkage if you order a bottle, you can bring a bottle.  Fun old Hollywood decor, good service and atmosphere and really good food.
3	It is nestled in a relatively obscure hotel around the corner from the Encore at the Royal Resort.  It definitely has a retro vibe (think Cosmo meets Rat Pack).  The food was over-hyped a bit.  While we enjoyed the highly touted mac and cheese and the foie gras appetizers, the sea bass and filet entrees were ok.  I enjoyed the different feel of the restaurant but will be moving on to try other places.
5	Amazing food.  Thanks chad and Israel.  This place rocks.
4	Despite some mishaps I think that The Barrymore is a fantastic restaurant.My bf and I had reservations and came here on a Saturday night. Our server was awesome and the entire staff was really attentive the entire night. Octopus app: 3/5In terms of apps we tried the octopus since everyone seems to rave about it. The flavor profile was nice, I liked the aioli and the potatoes. My only issue was that the most of the octopus pieces were really chewy. Some pieces were super tender and delicious while the bigger pieces were kind of hard to eat. We let our server know and she brought out a new octopus. The second batch was a little better but it still wasn't as tender as other octopus that we had in the past. The manager kindly took the octopus off our bill which was much appreciated. I probably wouldn't order this again and go for the lobster mac & cheese instead.Mashed potatoes: 4/5Really solid mashed potatoes. Really creamy and smooth. Not the best I've ever had but still pretty delicious.Sea bass: 5/5This dish was AMAZING!!! This was our favorite dish of the night. The fish was cooked beautifully and the miso broth that it came with was delicious. I didn't care for the rice and frankly I didn't need it at all. Definitely a must have!Short ribs: 4.5/5The short ribs were tender, loved the sauce. The root veggies were perfectly cooked. Second favorite dish of the night.
5	Love, love this place. As my brother-in-law stated, "the best steak I've had in a long time." He is a good cook, too. We were looking for something cool, relatively legit local place (e.g., not in a big hotel or restaurant chain) and retro 50s Vegas feel. This had it all -- great old school cocktails, awesome live jazz, excellent food, super nice and good service. We went two nights in a row as a result of our first dinner there, and we will definitely go back.
4	I live in Las Vegas and pride myself on finding the hidden gems amongst the sea of really great restaurant options.  I continue to enjoy going to the Barrymore, because it is a touch unexpected in its location.  If you would rather support the little guy versus the big guy, this is your place!  It is small, intimate, classy and a throwback to the nostalgic days of Las Vegas 30 years ago.  The food is good, but I really enjoy their little bar the most.  It is small, it feels vibrant yet is intimate as well, it has a window wall to see outside and feel that sense of space and they are craftsman at making good cocktails.  I will continue to keep it in the rotation of my options of either going out with girlfriends or a quiet dinner with just my husband.
5	Knew this was going to be a classy place when I had arrived early and chatted for a bit with the bartender, ordered a Sidecar, and in short order was pleasantly surprised to find out he knew what he was doing.Met up with a few people who had been there before and they recommended we try a variety of the appetizers. Ended up with the lobster mac and cheese, veal sweetbreads, and Grilled Octopus. All of which were amazing.Service was excellent, decor was right out of the 60's in a good way - loved it all around! A nice change of pace to the overwhelming atmosphere of the strip.Highlight of my last trip to Vegas - expect it to be highlight going forward
5	Awesome food, awesome atmosphere, Sarah is the best waitress! The grilled octopus and sea bass are a must. Live music and an intimate setting. Be patient and wait for the bread (with bacon) they make it to order! The lobster Mac and cheese is to die for. Veg heads, try the curry! Very delicious. The Chunnel as a cocktail is fab, as well as the Moscow mule, I have never had such a cold cup! Overall, a definite must try in Vegas. A true gem of a place.
5	Private, great fusion of dead animal cuisine, including steak, ribs, and lobster.  Awesome grilled artichoke and mac and cheese lobster with truffle sauce.
5	I had a wonderful dinner at the Barrymore with 10 of my girlfriends for a college reunion. Not only was the food incredible, but our server Sarah was extremely accommodating and helpful. The live music is a great addition to the already classy atmosphere. I would highly recommend coming here for a nice dinner before a night out on the town, or if you just want a fun, classy dining experience.
3	This place should have 4 $$$$. I wasnt able to view the menu on my phone, but went anyway with kids - big mistake. There is nothing for kids to eat at all. The steak was $48 without any sides. We decided to order 3 appetizers. Two were just ok - lobster mac n chz and fried green tomato with crab meat. The lobster bisque was disgusting we didnt eat more than one bite each and no one asked if anything was wrong. The best thing we ate were the side of french fries I ordered for the kids. Total bill with tip was $78.
5	Loved everything about this place.  The food was beyond delicious. Went with 4 foodie New Yorkers and were all blown away. Great old Vegas feel, amazing service and 50 wines under $50!  My new favourite restaurant in Vegas.
5	Fantastic!  Nice place with great service. I started with a Kale salad, I thoroughly enjoyed the Duck entree, ended with a coconut sorbet.  Very nice restaurant.
5	I was visiting Vegas in February, and wanted to find a great place to eat. After Yelping for a few hours, I decided on The Barrymore. I realized it may be off the beaten path (even our taxi driver didn't know where it was), but it was well worth the trip. I remember every bite.We made a reservation, and we had to wait a few minutes. The restaurant is extremely sexy and intimate, feels very old school Vegas. Lots of mirrors and blue suede seating. It felt very romantic and cozy.Our server was very sweet. We had the roasted artichoke (yumm), lobster mac (perfect amount of truffle, I am not a huge truffle fan), braised shortrib (melted), and salmon (my bf said it was the best salmon he has ever had). We also had a pitcher of white sangria which was also very good. The bread that came with the meal was very unique. Bacon and cranberry, awesome!! They even brought out seconds.Our waitress was nice enough to take a picture of us, which I think says a lot. I will definitely come back to The Barrymore when I am back in town.
4	When you're looking for some of the best food in Vegas, this place needs to be on your list.Yelp's reviews steered me here, and the crowd-sourcing came through. Admittedly, it's in a peculiar location. I mean, come on. The Royal Resort of Las Vegas is hardly Steve Wynn's place, and it's not even the Marriott brothers' place. It looks like a funky smaller hotel, and that's what it is, full of Damon Runyonesque characters, hangers-on to Jay-Z, and barefoot folks sprawled on lobby couches texting away. A throwback look, with a grand piano in the lobby, too.The restaurant, though, is absolutely lovely. Slick bar with another motley crew of characters, attractive digs, and two dining rooms. Both packed on a Monday night. Impressive, you Yelpers.The experience could have veered toward five star territory if not for a few glitches. To the Barrymore's credit, they went out of their way to make the glitches right, which was impressive as hell. First glitch? too-low lighting in one of the dining rooms, which happened to be the one in which we were seated. Fortunately, companion's eyes work better than mine. (I have other redeeming qualities). Our waitress Kendra M. not only came with her own business card, but with an extensive knowledge of the menu and a great melange of alt-looks and serious professionalism. Opened with two drinks between us A perfect margarita and an even more perfect vodka martini. Whatever olives they're using in the martini should be patented. That martini was spectacular.We started with the famed mac and cheese with lobster; it lived up to its tasty billing if not being particularly chunkified in the lobster department. Fois gras tasty. Breads warm and fresh. And it looks like we're rolling, right? She gets the duck, I order the NY strip streak....and a filet mignon comes out.Well, not only did Kendra apologize and bring both back, so the right steak could be done right and the meal served at the same time, but the maitre d' stopped by, too. We were forgiving, but they acted like it was a personal failure that they were going to repair.And they did.Not only were the main courses brilliant -- maybe the best steak of the last year -- but they brought us two desserts and a glass of Remy. You gotta like that. Thanks, Kendra. A couple of tips:a. if the eyes are an issue, ask to be seated in the brighter dining room when you book your table.b. don't panic if there's a big group in the second dining room. Acoustics were fine; we could talk just finec. The house zin a bit hit and miss. Probably opt for the malbec or a cab.We're so coming back here sometime. This was a wonderful meal and a wonderful experience. It ain't cheap, but sometimes you really do get what you pay for.
4	First night in Vegas and we stumble to this place.  It is located in a not so nice looking part of the strip in the north end..a little off the strip.  It is a true hidden gem in the Royal Resort.  Arrived and got seated right away.  Service was great here.  The manager (or who looks to be the manager) came check on us a few times to make sure we are happy with our food and service.  Our water was always filled and the server check on us often as well.  They truly take the extra mile to make sure you are happy with your meal and service here.Items we ordered:Miso Marinated Sea Bass - Yums!  The sea bass is cook and flavored to perfection.  The season was just perfect that you can still taste the sea bass.Cream Corn and Lobster - This is probably my favorite dish.  Not as creamy but it is perfect.  Delicious dish that I recommend.Lobster Mac-n-Cheese - Another delicious dish.  I would say that this is one of the best I've had.  Very creamy and cheesy with chunks of lobster.  Will definitely come back to this place and try other items on the menu next time I visit Vegas.
5	New favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  It is in a very unassuming location inside the lobby of the Royal Resort just off the strip -- but don't let the location fool you as this place is fantastic and rivals the best restaurants in Las Vegas.  There's an old school Hollywood feel to the decorations and the vibe and at the bar one can imagine Don Draper coming up for an old fashioned.The food was excellent.  We ordered filets across the board and everyone commented how the filets here were just as good, if not better, than any of the "fancier" restaurants in Las Vegas.  Appetizers were excellent -- we shared the grilled octopus, the caesar salad and the baby iceberg.  And don't tell anyone in California, but we also had some foie gras which was delicious.Drinks were excellent both at dinner and at the bar.  I'd recommend the Manhattan or the Vesper.Our waitress was fantastic.  Attentive without being over-bearing, and with a quirky sense of humor.  Best of all, she put up with our lames jokes.Cannot wait to come back.
5	My wife and I were in Vegas for a convention and staying at the Wynn.  We were surrounded by lots of extravagant, and drastically overpriced, restaraunts.  I decided to yelp and see what came up.  I have to confess I was a little leary of the Barrymore when I saw the location but thought we'd give it a try.  The dinner, service, and atmosphere greatly exceeded our expectations.  Everything was great and I would highly recommend to anyone in town.Dennis and Vicki S
5	YUM!!What a great place just off the strip!  Went here with the BF after finding it on the Vegas homepage on Yelp nearly a month before our trip.  Everything was great.  First, our awesome waitress recommended the artichoke as an app, and who knew an artichoke could be that good?!? I've been dreaming about it since.  I got the short ribs, which were hands down the best I've ever had.  I would have licked the plate if I could, the sauce was so good.  My boyfriend had the duck confit, which was served over farro, and it was also excellent.  Both our cocktails were great as well.  Cannot say enough good things, and will be back next time we're in Vegas!
5	Very nice ambiance and great service.  We ordered one of the specials, a bone-in Delmonico Steak and an 8oz Filet.  Both were delicious and perfectly prepared.  Recommend the Lobster Mac & Cheese as an appetizer.  There's also an outdoor bar area with misters to keep you cool.  You can order half price appetizers outside the main restaurant from 5-7.
4	Had  lovely birthday dinner here for my wife. The setting was nice although the waiter did hand me a flashlight to read the menu. With booths around the perimeter and four tables in line down the center the size was intimate, but not isolated. Service was excellent and the food was very good and nicely presented. Rating is on the high end of four stars.
5	Really liked the lobster mac and cheese! The ceiling has these really stylish looking movie reels.We sat next to a couple who are foodies just like us and they loved this place. The manager came out at one point to ask us about our food and he even ordered us a free round of drinks because he saw us having such a great time!I like the fact that it is off the strip and easy to get into it. But one drawback was it difficult to find.
5	Listen,  I cant put into words of wisdom what I experienced here, all I can say is GO!  Stop reading all the reviews and just experience the place for yourself. The 5 stars is from a guy who just loves to eat great food.... I've traveled all over and have eaten at fancy restaurants without having 1/2 the experience I had at Barrymore's. The strip is loaded with big name chefs turn restaurateurs and some have succeeded and some have failed. The key to surviving in sin city is not your celebrity name, who you know and blah, blah, blah...Taste, Quality, depth, creativity, comfort and off the hook-great service-BAM!The Barrymore has it all-I'm done..........exit, stage left!JUST GO!
4	An off the strip best...restaurant location has ties to the mafia, they serve killer steaks, even better specialty drinks...definitely worth dinner here before a night out or show.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE, and to let out the secret of this gem scares me a bit.  Their cozy dining room is just the right size, and oh so romantic and old-time VEGAS style. Please note, they also have a front eating area past the bar.  I ate lunch there 3 or 4 times  (this is not the main dining room so don't be disappointed if you had dinner there) the main room is just-BETTER.5 STARS SERVICE, no complaints. Plus the HOST/MGR is easy on the eyes.5 STARS ATMOSPHERE= DARK, SEXY, COMPACT,VEGAS STYLE.5 STARS FOOD=Front dining / lunch area is where I first experienced this little treasure.  If I remember right, the chef is tied in with the Cosmopolitan/ Holstein's Restaurant (another FAV of mine) Hamburger is 'yummm', MAC/ cheese/ Lobster 'double yum', boiled eggs with caviar, salmon 'oh yes', steak wonderful.  Like I said, I have loved everything about Barrymore's. It pains me to share this because it might become too busy, but they deserve the compliments.
4	Took my wife here for her birthday.  We had a great dinner and the service was very friendly.  Very laid back off-strip location.  My wife really enjoyed the lobster mac and cheese, and I had a nice salad before we both had filet mignon.  It was a bit pricey, but that is to be expected for fine dining in Vegas.
4	The look and feel of the small restaurant are great; intimate, perfectly lit and stylish without being over the top. Prices are fair for Vegas, but location leaves much to be desired. If up for a quick cab ride down the strip, and want to avoid the crowds, this is your spot. ...that being said, the lobster mac and cheese is overrated.
3	Not a bad spot...cool vibe....but a little overpriced.  They were nice enough to replace our octopus dish which i thought was a little rubbery.  for vegas, they are prob better spots to visit since this is in a weird location.  prob wouldn't return...
2	This was my second visit to The Barrymore.  After a wonderful first visit, I was really looking forward to returning.  The ambiance is still awesome and the service was OK.  My big disappointment came from the quality of the food.  The starters were OK.  The foie gras was a great concept but the foie itself was overcooked.  The gnocchi dish was pretty good.  My main course of the scallops were awful.  The scallops weren't seared well and the risotto was gummy.  Dessert was a huge disappointment too.  The strawberry shortcake was put together like a trifle.  It was small and the shortcake was unappetizing.  I don't think I'll be back again.
4	food was delish and the place was a nice change from the large supersized celebrity chef restaurants on the strip!  I have to say though...it is a small space and don't be put off by the hotel it's located in.
3	After reading the reviews and suggestions from others- I decided to take a party of 6 to the Barrymore for meal that was sure to impress. A great hidden gem with Las Vegas history and roots back to the MGM pre Ballys.  Decor and ambiance are spot on. Old Hollywood glam and intimate - I think they place only seats about 50 or so. 5 stars there and another 5 stars to the staff. We made a reservation, seated quickly and taken through the menu. Drinks and waters were kept fresh and anything that was needed or anticipated was provided.  Bacon bread in the bread basket?!? Died and went to heaven. We ordered to start 2 orders of Mac & cheese with lobster, octopus and watermelon salad. Yelpers all raved about the Mac & Cheese so I figured it was a sure win....salt overload which everyone commented on, lost some points there. The octopus was tender and perfectly cooked and the watermelon heirloom tomato salad was refreshing and a welcomed flavor after the salt from the bacon bread and Mac & Cheese. One rib eye ordered with a side of fries- huge portion but over cooked. One chicken dish ordered, a little on the dry side and again a bit salty but incredibly tasty. Halibut - most raved about it and thought it was light and delicate, where another's opinion felt it tasted frozen. Salmon was reportedly Delish.  Other dishes ordered but not memorable. This group of 6 dined at a number of places in one weeks time and the Barrymore was the only one with mixed reviews. Will I return....yes! Will I take out of town guests or clients here....probably not. The mixed reviews and the saltiness of the food apparently isn't for everyone.
5	This place is awesome!!  It has a great atmosphere, very romantic, and the waitress we had was wonderful!I had the filet, which was great, a side of mushrooms, which were INCREDIBLE and a baked potato.  A lot of food that I couldn't finish...but sooo good! My boyfriend had the flat iron steak...he said it was the best steak he had EVER had!  Loved it!Great experience and great memories!
5	This restaurant was fantastic. Our bill for 2 people came to $202, but $60 of that was drinks and another $50 of that was appetizers because I wanted to try foie gras (since I've never had it) AND the lobster mac & cheese (since it's like their specialty).  So if you're strapped for cash I think you could probably feed 2 people for under $100 if you order wisely.  Bring enough for a good tip because our waiter was awesome.  The food is really good, and since it's not located on the main strip the place wasn't very crowded.  You still need to make a reservation, but I was able to get one about 5 hours before dinner time on a Thursday night.There are a few restaurants in Vegas that are of similar quality but they all cost significantly more.  If you want to eat at a really nice place and get a good bang for your buck, the Barrymore is for you.
4	A friend took me here as a surprise for my birthday. He refused to tell me where he was taking me and I was really worried he'd take me somewhere I've already been to. He said he already knew what we were going to order when he was planning the surprise. We parked at an empty lot close to my church and I was scared. It's not the Wynn or Encore but a hotel I've never seen or heard of. What is this place?We walked into the restaurant and I was pleasantly surprised. It was classier and more intimate than I had anticipated.  Whew! The decor was very old Vegas. We got a booth...it was nice, plush and comfy. The service was great and our server was very attentive.We started the evening with white sangria and a Honey Badger (muddled strawberries, club soda, lemon, honey Bourbon). I really enjoyed the Honey Badger. We got a complimentary veggie plate and bread. For our appetizer, we got the Pan-seared Foie Gras which is on top of peach cobbler with pecans and creme anglaise. The sweet yet tangy peach cobbler cuts down the richness of the foie gras - a nice contrast of flavor and texture. I got a medium rare filet mignon, my friend got a medium rare ribeye. To accompany our steaks, we got the Lobster Mac n Cheese, Cream Corn with Lobster. The steaks were simple and cooked to perfection. They know how medium rare is supposed to be. Pink, juicy and tender. The Lobster Mac and cheese and the cream corn with lobster were ok but definitely lacked lobster. You can count the small bits of lobster.We were so full to even order dessert. But since it was my birthday, they gave me free dessert anyway. One was a lemon olive oil sorbet and the other was apricot sorbet. Fresh tasting and refreshing but we just couldn't finish them. We had to get a double shot of espresso to keep us awake. Then a plate of macarons came: raspberry and pistachio. They were good and had perfect shell and feet. It was a great evening!
3	The ambiance is to die for...like a hidden gem on the Vegas strip. The decor is very hip very cool very intimate...definitely a place I would recommend to bring friends for drinks and tapas. Not for dinner though, and I say this because 6 of us went there for dinner we all ordered different things and the consensus at the end of the night was...."meh at best". Halibut was under cooked and had no taste, rib eye was over cooked the chicken was dry and the short ribs definitely a bit salty with way too many carrots! We did order the lobster mac and cheese that everyone raves about, but again...meh and a bit salty. I did enjoy the watermelon salad but definitely something you don't want to share as the portion is really meant to be enjoyed by two at most.Would I go back for drinks tapas and to socialize....most def, but not for dinner. Not really worth the price.Sorry not a winnah winnah chicken dinnah this time.
5	Ok, second time coming here and I have to say its just amazing.  Been to many places and mostly overhyped celebrity places on the strip.  The service is amazing and friendly which is hardly found on the strip.  Every dish I've ever had is amazing, especially the creamed corn/lobster and bacon  and the braised short ribs!  Had the ribeye this time and it was cooked perfect!  Atmosphere is great, and every employee including the Manager is professional welcoming.  What i like is that most people eating here come dressed decent and not the usual Vegas casual attire.  One thing I hate is going to a so called upscale place on the strip and seeing people in Jeans and a designer T-shirt.  I just hope The Barrymore upholds everything they currently due and does not fall into the habit of changing for the masses or the "at the moment" trends so often found in this town!!  If I had to give one suggestion it would be keep the blinds closed until sundown.  First time I went was in the winter so it was already dark and the view was nice with the torches and city lights.  But this time was last week around 6:30 and it was still light out, sat by the window and had to look out onto the street and buildings.  But other than that minor thing this is my one of my top 2-3 places to dine in Vegas!!!
3	In Vegas, you roll the dice and hope for the best.  I was looking for a suitable early dinner to fold in to other plans that had already been made for the evening, and I wanted something unique and just a little special.  I wanted to avoid the signature chef restaurants; the ones named after chefs that rarely step inside the kitchen, and look for something a little off the beaten path.  The Barrymore seemed the right mix of good reviews, unique/stylish setting, and a menu that would appease a varied crowd.The outside has little bearing on what to expect once you enter The Barrymore proper.  Though small, the bar and dining room offer a lot of style points packed into your field of vision without being ostentatious or overly busy.  The service dragged at one point, but was overall commiserate with the price point - neither hovering or overly aloof.  The sommelier was also spot on, and offered a great selection off the modestly priced wine list.The not so good part, unfortunately, was the food.  In a word made up of two words: lackluster.  There was not one thing served that lived up to anything above a three star experience.  Both NY strips at the table were difficult to cut at times and nothing approaching what you'd expect at any steak house above a Salt Grass or Outback.  And in fairness to those establishments, I should say that I had no difficulty cutting the steak I've eaten there on rare occasions.  The Bearnaise ordered as an accompaniment did little to liven the affair, tasting of little more than a flat wine reduction. The lobster mac, which is by no means a unique item, fell equally flat.  The wallpaper should not appear richer than an item that practically screams "ridiculous oozing opulence....with lobster!"  But it did.  The salmon was cooked wonderfully and was considered a success, though it sat unfinished at the end of the meal.  Perhaps we missed the mark by not getting the bone-in ribeye and the sweetbreads instead, but it's only a guess that we'll return to see if lady luck rewards the brave, or further hinders the foolish.
5	Loved this little secret of a place off of the main strip. Main points:1. Wonderful, intimate, Mad Men, Old Vegas vibe. Put on your red Joan Harris dress, ladies, and drink it in.2. One of the best Manhattans I've ever had. This is reason enough to go. 3. Lobster Mac and Cheese and asparagus appetizer were tasty. Cheesecake was light and lovely. I'd definitely recommend going for appetizers and drinks. We didn't try the main dishes.A great break from the Strip. Just go!
5	Perhaps I am a bit biased to the Barrymore as this was the place that I had my first date with my girlfriend, and it has become pretty special to us.  We finally made our return and wanted to give a review of the place.Ambiance: Great intimate spot, low lighting and excellent decor around the place.  Very old vegas vibe in the classiness without actually being old and having a great clean feel.Service: Best part of this place is excellent service.  Both waiters we have had were excellent, nice conversationalists, knew their wines and were attentive without being over bearing.  The bussers were pretty quick and ready with water.Food: The food is pretty rich, but hey, you are here to splurge a little bit.  This is American cuisine, we've had most of the seafood options when we have came so I can't really speak much past that.  Some of the best scallops I have had were served here.  Next time I hope to get the famous Lobster Mac and Cheese.  Though it has the classics there are some adventurous items like Veal Sweetbreads, Muscovy Duck, and fish that we don't always see here.  Give it a go!
5	We stayed at the Wynn for my 40th birthday and I wanted to stay close for dinners as well as provide a new dinner experience for my friends. The Barrymore seemed perfect when researching on yelp. I was still a bit skeptical when we rolled in to the royal resort by taxi and I could tell by the look on the face of one in my party that she was a bit scared. When we got inside, I knew it was going to be good. We started on the patio for drinks. Everybody was having a good time and our drinks were great! O.K. Everybody was loosening up a bit, feeling a bit better about my choice. Our waiter came over and he was awesome. Very attentive and knowledgable. He made recommendations, was funny an really added to the feel of the place. First the bread basket came out. The pretzel roll was delicious! I ordered the bone in rib eye and it was spot on. Fantastic steak! Across the board, our dinners were great. One of the best dining experiences I have had in Vegas. I don't eat at too many places twice in Vegas but I will definitely return to the Barrymore. Fantastic!
5	Lobster Mac n cheeseGrilled octopusOpakapakaFree-range chickenAll delicious! We love that parking was easy and this place is not crowded with tourists.  Great service.  We will be back!!!
5	Their menu changes seasonally. Some things in reviews aren't available now but we were told the favorites often do cycle back.
5	Food, service, ambiance... if you add them up, the barrymore comes out to a perfect 5.  My wedding hairstylist recommended the Barrymore to me.  Her husband is a chef, as is mine.  We were getting married in Vegas and wanted the night after the wedding to be an intimate date, away from the 100 loved ones who flew out to celebrate our nuptials....  so the barrymore it was!Initially, it was going to be just my fussy chef of a groom and me... alas, one of his chef friends and his girlfriend were still in town, and looked longfully at us as we described our plans of eating things I don't normally eat... so a party of five it was.The place is amazing.  I don't understand why people have negative things to say about the Royal Resort.  Sure, it's not the Four Seasons or the Wynn, but it's the height of re-done art deco miami coziness.  I loved the lobby, the lighting and the mirrors strung artfully on the wall.  What a great space!  I would totally stay there.The restaurant is as folks described - classy, sexy, a beautiful version of what we dream old Vegas was.Our waiter was nice and helpful.  We ordered cocktails.  We all enjoyed them.  And then.... the food!  We ordered so much... Octopus (the first time I enjoyed octopus!) was tender not chewy, perfectly seasoned... yum.  Watermelon and heirloom tomato salad was a hit - we loved the candied rind.  Veal sweetbreads?  I will ignore what they are and savor each delicious bite.  The pastry with the foie gras was a bit sweet for me, but as a combination, it was amazing!  the vegetarian pasta dish was delicate and understated.  The clams were a bit chewy, but the pepper sauce was great.  The vegetable cous cous dish was probably the only dish that we didn't like too much - it was a bit boring.  While everything else was special and unique, this was ordinary.  Next up were the two entrees that we shared.... were we still hungry?  Not at all.  Does that stop chefs from tasting everything?  Not at all.  We shared the duck two ways and the short rib.  The duck was good, the short rib was EXCELLENT.  Perhaps the best I've ever eaten.  I want another one!We were too full for dessert, but our fabulous waiter brought us a celebratory creme brulee.  Tasty.While we like to try different restaurants when in Vegas, we have found one that we'll be back to again and again.
4	The real win here is the ambiance - it's got a sortof retro loungy feel.  Order yourself a drink, slink into a booth, listen to the music... ahhh a very nice change of pace in Vegas.I ordered the grilled octopus appetizer and the braised carrots (with some sortof delicious harisa cream sauce)... I was in love with my food.  My fiance ordered some sortof redmeat dish, maybe a steak and his was just mediocre.The service was perfect - we were seated right away with no hassles.I'd definitely recommend The Barrymore to anyone in the mood for an "off the beaten path" location and experience.  Sortof an old Vegas feel.
5	Great food. Better ambiance. Quiet, romantic and the service is great. Best free range chicken & scallops ive ever had. Server was couteous & made sure our difficult drink choice was made to taste. Will definitely go back. A solid 4.5 stars
3	Very beautiful restaurant hidden in the Royal Resort serving American cuisine.  Service was stellar, food was hit or miss.Average Food Cost/person:$80Recommend:  Great wine listRoasted ArtichokeMacaroonsNeeds work:Ordered Wagyu and was more rare than medium rare. Had to send it back.  Lobster Mac and cheese had very little lobster. Environment:  Beautifully designed restaurant located in a 2.5 star hotel. Service:  Very attentive.
5	This is my new, favorite restaurant in Las Vegas!  Started the evening with a watermelon martini that was to die for.   For dinner, I had the curry leg of lamb special with the creamed corn with lobster.  The whole thing was incredible and our waiter, Bill, was wonderful. I loved everything about this place!
5	Prepare to travel back into time at The Barrymore, a place so cool you expect to find the Rat Pack at a back table. I went there while in Vegas for my B-Day and the food was great, the ambiance was perfect, and the staff was exceptional. Will absolutely go back.
4	Rounded up from 3 1/2*The ambiance, the service and the drinks are all killer. The food is trying hard and somewhat succeeding. Foie gras--excellent flavor combination--foie gras could have used more sear.NY strip steak, slightly overcooked but good flavor and a nice piece of meat.My husband loved the lobster tail!
5	Wow! This place is like a lover's island in a sea of debauchery. Tucked away in a corner of a small hotel and off the strip is a very romantic restaurant. With only a handful of tables and an exceptional wine menu, you and your "main squeeze" should have no reason to enjoy the evening. Granted, it is primarily steaks - they are GREAT steaks. Go ahead - make the trip to The Barrymore. It is on the outskirts but worth the drive.
5	Food was amazing! Service was great and attentive. Foie gras was the best I've had in a long time and I've tried a lot, nice and buttery with a sauce to compliment the flavor. Highly recommend getting the scallop entree and the duck confit entree. Both entrees were cooked to perfection. This place is a hidden jewel. It's a small restaurant but its worth the trip. We came pretty late to the restaurant but they still took very good care of us. Most of the time if you go to a restaurant late, they will cook the food real quick and so the customers could eat and leave as soon as possible. This wasn't the case, service was still good and food was still amazing. Well deserving of a five star. Kudos!
5	Amazing!  The minute we walked in we knew we would love this place.  Decor was beautiful, got a bit of an old Vegas feel, bartenders were so friendly and helpful, love the lounge singer.Isreal was our server and did an outstanding job from beginning to end.  All of our food was beautiful and so delicious.  My favorite appetizers were the Sweet Breads and foie gras.  Loved the Moscow Mule drink I had before dinner.  Can't wait to go back!
4	I digged it. The atmosphere was very nice. I would request a table on the outside, but thats just me. Lobster Mac n Cheese rocked! I'll go back eventually. Too many other places in Vegas to check off the list, but if you haven't been to the Barrymore, check it out.
4	*4.5 stars*The Barrymore is an awesome wolf dressed fully in a dirty sheep's clothing. How is it possible that such an amazing steakhouse exists in such a cheap-looking hotel? Maybe that's what makes it that much more appealing to me.When we pulled up to the hotel, I was worried about the decision I've made to eat here. Damn, we're going to waste a dinner. Life moment #1738 of: "Never judge a book by its cover." Once you're inside the restaurant, all of my worries dissipated instantly. The Barrymore is dark and classy -- it reminds of a 40's Hollywood jazz club. -----------------------FOOD: (Best to worst)Bone-In Ribeye =This is one of the best slabs of ribeye I've EVER had in life. Perfectly cooked, fantastically seasoned, and juicy as all hell. Everything about this steak was perfection.Bacon Bread =Addictive as all hell. Powerful bacon oil just bursting out of each bite.Lobster Mac & Cheese =Overly oily and cheesy, but damn was it good. I could only have a few bites, but those bites were wondrous.Seared foie gras =I love foie gras, but this foie gras could've been seared better. But, I mean, it's still foie gras, so I still loved each bite.Lobster Creamed Corn =The creamed corn was good, but nothing great.-----------------------If you want to skip all of the extremely expensive, big-name restaurants strewn throughout the Vegas strip, and go with a decently-priced, but phenomenal steakhouse, look no further than The Barrymore.
4	Swanky, dark and sophisticated, the Barrymore oozes old-school Las Vegas charm!  Tucked away in the Royal Resort, the lobby bar and glowing B up front set up the scene.  In back there are a couple of rich, well-decorated dining rooms with half-circle booths, perfect for a little bit of romance and a lot of great food.   We order up a lobster mac n cheese (per Yelp recommendations) and I go with the beef bourguignon.  The lobster mac n cheese is well done but yes, could use a bit more lobster.  But isn't that always the case?  The beef is tender and full of flavored, it paired up nicely with some potatos.  And the side of asparagus gratin made for a great change of pace.  Service at the Barrymore is excellent, this is definitely the type of place you bring a date to impress.  All in all I really enjoyed my meal here even though it's a touch over-priced.  But it's all good if you want to impress somebody, viva Las Vegas!
3	Speakeasy meets Hollywood glam. Barrymore is a fun, relaxed environment perfect for groups. The service was great, the entertainment was....well, entertaining, and the drinks were strong. What more do you need?!
5	This is a must visit while in vegas. Fantastic flavors, great service, quiet, and very comfortable. This is what dining should be like. Their porch seating was fantastic. The foie gras was sublime, and the duck masterful.  There is some real talent in this kitchen.   A hidden gem.
4	We had a wonderful time here.  Definitely off the beaten path of the strip yet nearby.  Tucked away in an old dated hotel, we were blown away by the food and service.  They had a great  singer belting out Sinatra tunes and the place is small enough to not get too lost.  A very simple menu of fish and steaks and a good selection of cocktails.  Very old Vegas feel with really good food.  We had the seared fois gras, Caeser salad, steaks and lots of sides.  A great meal for the price.
5	Kendra is an amazing waitress so ask for her by name.  She pointed us in all the right directions. Try the wedge and the gnocchi.  It is spectacular!!  Finish with the the chocolate cake you will be glad you did.
5	Good as it gets. Cool 50's old vegas / old Miami feel.  The food was amazing.  Great service and a sweet outside patio.  I would call it a hidden gem in a lackluster hotel restaurants of vegas.  A must visit
5	I'd be wanting to try this place the last few times I came to Vegas, but noone wanted to make the trip to the other end of the strip. We finally took the trip out and wow was it worth it. The steak was tender and flavorful and the prices were extremely reasonable. I highly recommend it
5	First off, love the staff at the Royal Resort. Valet made a great first impression. You walk into the Royal-it's swanky. The Barrymore is decorated very elegantly. This isn't a place you wear Converse to.***HINT***Always look at what the hostess of any restaurant you go to is wearing...this will help you with knowing if your attire is appropriate. If she's dressed up, you should be too.  In fact if there is a hostess, that means you shouldn't be wearing sweatpants!Anyway, the hostess was wearing heels! How does she do that??? The wait staff was excellent! A manager came over to ask how our experience was. I got a drink called a cherry picker. DELISH! I'll have five.The bread...AMAZEBALLS. This is a classy joint so the word AMAZEBALLS might be frowned upon to describe bread but...oh well. I am going to tell you the pretzel rolls are the best in the basket, next are the large triangle Parmesan crunchy bread things. Lastly we had some other not so terrific dinner roll of some kind.  It was artful and attractive but not as appetizing as its looks would have you believe.I got the Alaskan Halibut, my friends ordered the chicken and the steak. We were all very pleased!  However, the place is a bit pricey for the portion. My halibut was a wallet busting $27.00.  It only came with vegetables. This price does not include a salad or any more interesting hearty sides.  I feel this plate was overpriced by a good $8-10. But I pay for the swanky this isn't Macaroni Grill!Dessert.  If you have read my other reviews which are all useful, funny and cool btw..you know me. We are BFF'S and you know me no likey the chocolate...but guess what I did...I ordered the chocolate cake.  And it came with milk chocolate sorbet and I want more. It was so good. Hazelnut sauce was drizzled all over it. My friends ordered the chocolate cake too and the amaretto cheesecake. (As a cheesecake fan I thought it was edible but not spectacular).There was not a single crumb left (save for the crumbs in front of me that the server CONSPICUOUSLY came by to wipe away between courses. Yes, I am a messy eater, you can't take me anywhere nice!) on our plates. We all ate everything (the portions are small, but at least you aren't wasting food and not going to where you are going overly full with a food baby.My only complaint is, the online menu didn't entirely match what was on the actual menu, it needs to be updated to match the seasonal menu because I kind of wanted the chocolate pear torte which wasn't offered. (I swear I don't care that much for chocolate!!!) or the croissant bread pudding.
4	Good for steaks, delicious lobster and mac.
5	LOVED my Alaskan Halibut and the 1/2 price hors d'oeuvres & cocktails during social hour were excellent.  Great food, great value.
5	Beef short rib was amazing!! I will definitely be back for this dish again. The lobster mac and cheese was delicious and the mashed potatoes were a perfect side for the short rib. Their wine list was great. Thanks Yelp, I would have never found this one on my own, and it was a GREAT meal!!
5	We had a great meal tonight. Booked on open table. Great value, great steak, and excellent service. I would recommend to anyone in Las Vegas.
2	I checked out yelp prior to coming in and it looked fabulous! However upon sitting down and looking at the menu, they had none of the food available that the pictures showed. I ended up getting the the crab Mac and cheese the apple salad and the sea bass. I give it all a two stars on the food especially for the price of 80$. I don't recommend it.
4	Nice ambiance, decent priced menu, friendly waiters.Came here for a work dinner after a long day working a trade show. We had the lobster mac & cheese and grilled octopus for appetizers, both were yummy but nothing I haven't had before. I decided to go with the duck for my main entree (had something similar at a wedding and it was DELICIOUS), but the one at Barrymore did not live up to my expectation :( Too dry and wasn't very flavorful, the sauce was too sweet.We also got asparagus and mushroom on the side, both were okay.They upgraded our wine selection for free, twice!! ---- nice enough for a 4 star review! :)
5	The best lobster mcnchesse in town, the bone in ribeye, meltd in your mouth, and the cream corn w lobster and bacon phenomenal
5	Truly a Vegas treasure! It has old world feel and the food is delicious!! Their lobster mac and cheese is out of this world. The service is outstanding. Their GM Chad Jahn couldn't be nicer and more accommodating! I'm going there again tonight to take my out of town brother and his girlfriend! Can't wait.
5	Carries well traditions of heavily french-sauced 80s, with many favorite perennials, prepared with surprising alterations. Desserts are a star attraction.--Best macaroons in the world. I'd put them against the pastry chefs abroad. Light, perfectly formed, packed with flavor. The perfect bite to finish your delection.--steaks personally salted by chef before serving. perfectly cooked.--seared fois gras for the ages--creamed spinach--scallops with polenta and proper reduction. wow.Not much to add here which hasn't already been said.arriving at the Royal, i was nervous. Encore is visible just over the wall and the parking lot is empty. but step inside and you'll find some slightly odd design choices like the painted Yamaha grand in the lobby.feeling inspired i sat to play, but it was so out of tune, didn't make it for more than a few seconds.i love that the restaurant's entry door is as big and heavy as a bank vault door. cool.so too go the chic treatments and lighting in the bar and dining room. very classy in a retro yet modern way. the clash of these styles is mesmerizing.and all this without the throngs and sea of mouth breathers. so quiet and exclusive.
4	This was the surprise place of choice for my birthday dinner this year! My boyfriend did good. When finding the location, just look out for the Royal Resort. The restaurant is connected to the hotel and tucked on the left hand side (when facing it). When I first arrived I couldn't help but get instantly excited with the all-around ambiance of the restaurant. I'm a sucker for boutique-type restaurants and The Barrymore was just that. Dark velvet booths, low dim lighting, damask patterned wallpaper, with some vintage furnishing. Imagine old Hollywood clashing with modern couture. They had a singer who would come around to tables to see a quick little something, and give a birthday shout out. Here comes the star knocker...apparently my boyfriend had put in a special request with the singer and paid him extra just to come by our table and sing a Beatles song. Sadly it never happened. Such a shame because that would've given my man like 100 brownie points. We started off with the lobster mac & cheese, of course. I'd have to say it was THE BEST lobster mac & cheese I've ever had. I'm not the biggest fan of this dish in general since it's always so rich and heavy on the cream, but it was definitely exceptional at The Barrymore. The flavor was rich with a strong taste of lobster bisque. There was a generous amount of lobster in it and although it was heavy on the cream, it was most definitely very enjoyable. I literally had to take a second to compose myself just now, because my mouth instantly starting salivating and I'm beginning to drool. For the main course I went with the sea bass. Most places overcook the fish with the fear of it being undercooked, but it was cooked to perfection. It was accompanied with some green beans and cauliflower, both very good as well. But in all honesty, just go straight for the duck. That was what the BF ordered. I secretly wanted to trade but I do that at almost every meal, and asking him to trade his duck for my fish would be too cruel. As side items, I ordered the cream corn. Skip it. It was bland and not as enjoyable as I'd hope for. We also ordered the mushrooms, carrots, and mash potatoes as other side items. All decent, nothing to really rave about.As a send-off, we were given mini macaroons which were decent, but I really appreciated the gesture. Other than that, I don't have much to say about the service. It wasn't bad at all, not anything out of the ordinary worth mentioning.Overall, I really enjoyed my birthday dinner at The Barrymore. If I had a Beatles song sung to me, it would've truly been as good as it gets!
2	The Barrymore was a spectacular decorated restaurant oozing old school Vegas class however  the food was not spectacular.  Nothing stood out as being terrific and the meals are on the pricey side but what the hell it's Vegas. Our bottle of red wine was served slightly chilled which I also thought was strange. The service was also a little flat. I most likely will not be coming back here.
5	Everything was excellent here.  Our group had the short ribs, strip steak, rib eye, and the Kobe beef steak.  Everyone raved about the taste and preparation.
5	Worth the $$$ and experience, loved the old Las Vegas feel to the max !!!!! Had a Frank Sinatra impersonator, service was superb, and food was to die for. The concierge at our hotel had not heard of this restaurant, so it's def a hidden gem!
5	I eat at great restaurants such as Mastros often and this place is great. The steak was cooked perfectly and customer service was very good. Will be going back.
4	What a great place! What a horrible location. It is off the strip in an old school Vegas hotel so if you are towards the Mandalay Bay side of the strip, it is quite a hike to get there. The restaurant and bar are really, really well done. There is a beautiful patio and the interior is very posh and 50s inspired. We sat at the bar and started dinner with a caesar salad and their version of a wedge. The ceasar was okay, nothing to write home about. The wedge was spectacularly delicious. It almost tasted like a big mac with the russian dressing but so much better. Really unique and really great.  For our entrees we had an amazing chicken dish that might have been the best chicken I have ever had and  a wild boar bolognese which fell pretty flat especially when compared to the chicken. Overall, great experience and I would definitely go back!
3	Before even stepping foot in the restaurant we were a bit hesitant because there were very few cars in the parking lot. But once we got inside the restaurant looked very nice.I was unimpressed initially because we made reservations for 8 pm and weren't seated until at least 8:20 pm. We had (good) drinks at the bar while we waited, but there was another gentleman sitting at the bar, who I think worked there, who was extremely obnoxious and was hitting on all of the female employees. The hostess seemed to be his girlfriend and it came off very unprofessional. After telling us our wait would be longer, she offered to sit up in the empty dining room which we declined, because we didn't come to a restaurant to sit alone with no ambiance. Once we were seated our experience improved. The environment was romantic and intimate and our server was great. We ordered the lobster mac and cheese and it was underwhelming. I would not recommend it. Our entrees were delicious though. I had the tuna and my husband had the duck, and both meals were excellent. We also ordered the asparagus which we loved, and the cream corn with lobster which we sent back. It just was not good and seemed as if it can straight from a can. We also ordered dessert which was fantastic.Overall, we had an enjoyable night although I don't think it is worth a second visit.
5	The Barrymore is old Las Vegas at its finest. The food is spectacular, the people are friendly and best of all the hand crafted cocktails. If you want out of the Vegas hotel restaurant scene. Then the Barrymore is the perfect choice. Friday and Saturday is live entertainment. This is definitely not the first for the managment. You can see by the decor and the money they spent to recreate that special atmosphere. Have a awesome time and say hello to Chad the maitre D.
5	This place has a wonderful blend of old Las Vegas and Hollywood. The aesthetics are gorgeous, the service was friendly and prompt and the food was amazing! I would highly recommend the crispy pork belly, creamed corn with lobster and short rib.
5	Had dinner here on the advice of Yelp and it worked out great.  We called late and were told that the only seating was on the patio...which it turned out was really great.  The ambiance was nice and decidedly off strip.We split the pork chop which was very well prepared along with a caesar salad and sweet breads.  It was the perfect amount of food and set the stage for a nice evening out.The wait staff was also very nice.
5	By far one of my favorite overall dining experiences in Vegas. The food is executed with care, the staff is wArm and inviting. The wine list is solid, and the vibe of this small spot, has enough nostalgia, and swankyness to take make you feel like you truly are in a hidden gem that few know about. Don't be a moron and not try this place it's one of the best around
3	I sat at the bar just so I could order some foie gras. Lucky for us, it was happy hour. I believe it is opening to 7pm? Half off appetizers and some drinks. Lobster mac and cheese - Good but seriously where was the lobster? They should have just named it mac and cheese. (HH menu)Grilled octopus - Too salty. Octopus texture was okay. (HH menu)Foie gras - Brought on the colder side of lukewarm, which made it very unappetizing. Decent quality though. (Not on HH menu). Hubby ordered a drink. Hubby liked his drink and would return. I don't drink so I probably would not return.
1	My wife and I had Thanksgiving reservations yet receptionists were unfriendly, unprofessionally rude, and snobbish. I refuse to eat at a place where the first point of contact my wife and I get treated like garbage. Valet was polite and like-able, but everything after that was terrible. In my opinion, avoid restaurants like this like the plague. Eat where staff treats customers with respect and kindness.
4	Beautiful restaurant - the decor and music throw you back to old school hollywood glam vegas - with very good food. We came here for thanksgiving dinner - everything I could have wanted being a traditionalist for the holiday. My date ordered off the regular menu and licked his plate of sea bass and mashed potatoes clean. delicious fresh bread, and great wine list to boot. well worth the "off-strip" jaunt - and don't be put off by the odd location!
5	My taste buds are still thanking me! Food is just spectacular! Drinks are well mixed! And the customer service is impeccable! Loved the staff and the ambience of the restaurant! Chef even came out to the table to make sure the food was good and up to our expectations. I will definitely be coming back when I visit Vegas!
3	This is a great value and hidden gem.  We were worried how the experience might be seeing the parking lot and outside appearance of the hotel.  The restaurant is inside the hotel.  I felt a little relieved seeing the interiors of the hotel and restaurant.  Definitely a local spot and for those who are looking for a great meal at a great value. I found this place through Yelp and thought we checked it out while we were in town.  The wait staff was extremely attentive and food was good.  We definitely enjoyed the nicely prepared meal without paying Las Vegas price at the celebrity-front restaurants on the strip.
1	The decor was nice & felt cozy but the food was disappointing. After reading the raving reviews, we wondered if this restaurant just had an off day. Appetizer:- Lobster w/ creamed corn: ok but nothing special- Pork belly: ok- Grilled octopus: seasoning was good but consistency was off; tasted rather softEntree- Grilled chicken: over cooked & dry; risotto was overcooked & bland- Short ribs: too saltyIt was also a bit odd when they cleared off the table and decided to vacuum. Granted it was a quiet vacuum but couldn't they have just waited until we left?
3	Had dinner at Barrymore on my birthday.  Bottom line, food was just ok.  We ordered lobster mac & cheese it was watery and bland, foie gras is served like seared  whole chicken liver with sweet fruit and toasted almonds, it was just ok.  I ordered rib eye steak, it does not come with anything but plain steak, so my rib eye steak with veggie and bits of crab and steak sauce cost $75.00. The steaks was just ok.  My husband had the duck, the duck was just ok, it was a bit dry. My total bill with tip is $270.00 with 2 cup of coffee. Oh they gave me complementary cheese cake for my birthday with a candle.
4	Was at a convention in Vegas that has a "dine around" evening. I always make a special effort with my team to find a great restaurant and dinning experience on a limited ($100 per person) budget. I have people from around the globe (Romania, India, Utah, Seattle, San Jose, Boston, etc) in my group. We have vegetarians, pescatarians, carnivores, and foodies in my team, so its no easy feat.I couldn't find a reasonable restaurant on the strip (near our convention) and the concierges as The Aria and Cosmopolitan were useless and a total fail. I gave up and finally started searching myself. I contacted The Barrymore in Novemember and asked if they could handle a group of 20+ since the restaurant is small and if we could please order off the menu (and not get a pre fixe menu since the options are always limited for such a diverse team). They assured me they could accommodate. I booked on November 13th for dinner on December 16th. When we showed at the restaurant there was a huge crowd inside the bar (past the very cool vault-like door). They had apparently lost our reservation. No record of it. I searched my email on my phone and found the response from the restaurant general manager confirming my team (with advanced credit card faxed in).The hostess was clearly upset and said she's ask about it and be right back. A few minutes later an assistant manager appeared and again wanted the confirmation. Clearly realizing it was their mea culpa the offered us the patio (on December 16th where it was in the mid to low 40s). They scrambled to make it right. We got a private patio with folding tables but made up nicely with linens. They set up two heaters and we huddled the ladies and folks from India (not used to the cold) around them. We didn't have many jackets but people shared scarves and coats with those less dress.We sat and were skeptical. It was cold. People were disappointed. I received a text message from the general manager apologizing for the mix up and admitting it was his fault and promising to make it right. And then they did. The staff and our waiter Luis was great. They made sure we got our order in before the other huge group of 60+ sitting inside did so we wouldn't have to wait outside to long for our dinner. They suggested a great and reasonably priced wine (They have 50 for under $50 and even better when you get a couple of magnums). They food was great. My octopus salad rivaled that which I had earlier this summer in Greece. Everybody raved about the steak. Although my sea bass was heavy on the butter...it was butter so I wasn't complaining. This was a great example of an evening that could have gone very wrong and a review that could have been very different. The make of a great business is one that can recognize a mistake, put the customer first, have a professional staff and create an exceptional and memorable evening. I'll definitely go back again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Was outstanding overall. I really enjoyed the ribs, macaroni and cheese, and their house specialty drink, a twist on the old-fashion- the self-titled Barrymore.
3	In his long day, John Barrymore was considered by many to be the greatest American actor ever. If, Indeed heredity is a factor in the mysterious art of acting, his credentials were impeccable. The Barrymores were the Royal Family of the American theatre along with his older siblings, brother Lionel and sister Ethel. Their father, British player Maurice Blythe, gave himself a name likely to impress the natives-and chose Maurice Barrymore. John Barrymore who acted in "Hamlet" had a liking for martinis and he would have six of them before dinner..never eat on an empty stomach was his saying. Christopher Plummer, who is most known for singing "Edelweiss" in the Musical  "Sound of Music," portrayed John Barrymore, in an one-man play at the Elgin theater, in Toronto, that was later made into a feature film. I saw the DVD, the performance which won a 'TONY'  for Plummer, is most riveting one man performance ever. So much so, his co-star in "Sound of Music' Julie Andrews, claims she saw it twice.This eatery is named after the Barrymores and the ambiance is befitting of the name. It is located on a road that is less traveled, but made famous by the hyped up, high priced and snotty-Pieros (I had the worst Osso Bucco in this place, when I was naive and nerdy taking my romantic interest and shelling lot of dough to impress. I should have taken her to In and out burger,) on one end of the stretch. There used to be a make shift theater-home to the people who had talent but no money for four walling in a casino-in the lobby of this Royal hotel, which is the official hotel for the Airlines flight crew I was told. One fine day the fire marshals came and took the whole place down and that was the end of the make-shift. This place is jammed when the conventions are in town and rest of the time a decent  local crowd that frequent this joint not to mention attractive women sipping pina coladas at the bar and the tenders of male gender were openly flirting and ignoring the other customers. Flirting is a temptation but ignoring other customers is SIN ! punishable by one minus rating..The lounge is tiny and you expect soft piano music, instead there were two burly guys in the corner making some loud music, which was distracting and not in line with the ambiance-one minus rating. The little patio is fire lit and there were too many fluffy cushions that took up the sofa we had to sit down on the floor cross legged ! We looked like two Hairy Krishna's!The main room is tucked away for the classy clientele and this is probably the only elegant and private dining room outside a casino. The menu is short but eclectic. The burger I tried was the best I had in Vegas. It was neatly presented. You better ask for a table near a waiter, since the service is scant . This place is here to stay since the pricing and quality and ambiance can't be beaten and it is the best place East of the Strip but not far from the Strip.
1	We ate here in September of 2013 and had a great experience.  We took a group there a couple days ago and I have to tell you I won't be back.There was hardly anyone in the restaurant so you would think we'd get good service.  We didn't.  I had a filet as I had before and while it was cooked correctly, the cut was not tender.  I had to work my way through it.  Others in my party who had steak had similar complaints.We brought wine as we always do and offered tastes to our waiter, who accepted.  Normally that results in a break on the corkage fee.  Not here apparently.  We were charged the full $35 per bottle.  The next night we visited our favorite waiter at our favorite steakhouse in Vegas and brought 4 bottles.  Our waiter only charged us one corkage and comped us 3 desserts.  That's the way you get a bigger tip and generate loyalty.  Something The Barrymore needs to learn.We had a party of 10 so I expected an automatic service charge but there wasn't one on the bill so we only added 15% because of the service.  Low and behold when the credit card receipt came back there was an 18% service charge written in by hand.  The folks at the table who paid cash made out because I had to make up the difference.Again, no way to get me back.  It's took bad.  I thought we had found a regular stop but we won't be back.
5	The cutest place I have ever eaten dinner at. Tucked away in the Royal Resort this place is a hidden little gem. Every single thing we ordered was deilcious. The steaks were divine as well as the drinks. The lobster mac n cheese was my fave so decadent the way a steakhouse mac n cheese should be. Our service was outstanding and Chad the manager made sure we were well taken care of.
3	This place has ambiance and a great drink selection. The meals fell short for the price.
5	The Barrymore hosted our wedding dinner and we were so pleased that we chose them. They had a great fixed menu and the prices were fantastic for the quality of food and decor. Choosing a place for such an important dinner out of all the restaurants Las Vegas was stressful, but the Event Coordinator Heather Coldwell was amazing to work with and put us at ease. We also used the Barrymore for our incredible wedding cake. The pastry chef, Rebecca Bills, made the best cake of my life, and all of our guests. Seriously, to die for. My biggest reget of the wedding was not eating more of that cake. Consider the Barrymore for a special event. We were so impressed.
5	Best dinner in Vegas! The Barrymore is a swanky, romantic (low-lighting, glamorous cocktails, U-shaped banquettes) throwback to the Vegas of days gone by. I had the diver scallops (creamy polenta, porcini ragout & demi glace) with a baby iceberg salad to start. Yum! For sides, we had the mushrooms and roasted brussel sprouts, which were served family style. Head just-off-the-Strip for a meal you won't soon forget!
5	Ah-mazing. Read the reviews and it was right down the street from where we were staying. 5 stars all around. Can't recommend enough. I'll be bring more clients here in the future.
4	Finding a 4-5 star restaurant in Vegas that's not in one of the city's mega hotels isn't all that easy...but Barrymore's is one of those diamonds in the rough. We visited during the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) and although the restaurant was jammed, we still got excellent service. Great ambiance, good selection of steak and a fairly decent wine list. Definitely would come back. Live music in the adjacent bar area, but conversation a bit difficult....but the music itself was quite good.
4	Tucked away in a small humble hotel, this place is so cute and classy! Love the retro-inspired design.Their starter bread basket was delicious and with a nice variety. We shared a lobster bisque appetizer and unfortunately, it was probably the worst part of the meal =/ It was terribly salty and they were very stingy with the lobster -- it actually came in tiny stringy bits rather than the typical pieces or chunks.However, their 14 oz. New York strip steak redeemed the meal!! I also ordered a side of their grilled jumbo shrimp. Both the steak and the shrimp were delicious and perfectly cooked. I was pretty sad that I wasn't able to finish my steak =( it was THAT good.Husband ordered their duck and we shared a side of sauteed spinach. Both were also very good (but spinach was a bit too salty)! Their portions are very generous, if that wasn't obvious enough.Service was very friendly and attentive. This was a great steak dinner and I'll definitely be visiting again when I need my meat!
5	Good food and a surprisingly intimate venue at the quiet end of the strip. Well worth giving a try, kind of a little gem. I had the duck which was okay, the breast could have been more tender but the presentation was good and the taste was balanced.
4	What a surprise this place is.   Not the best location for the hotel but when you walk into the Barrymore, you feel transported back to Vegas glory days.  Nice bar and live music playing (singer, not a band) and rich decor.  The food was quite good.  The starter bread basket and unique butter was a great start.  Fish was excellent.  It is a bit expensive overall, but definitely a place for a great night out or a business dinner.
3	Disappointed.Out of all those nice restaurants, my friends picked Barrymore as our fine dining choice, while expecting it to be good after reading a lot of reviews - wrong choice.Fried brussel sprouts were good, lobster mac and cheese was pretty good, but when it came to entree, it was very disappointing. My duck was overcooked, dry and chewy; my finace's filet mignon was pretty dry overall, and the side sauce was super salty. When I paid this much, i'm definitely asking for better quality of food. The Barrymore for sure did not pass my standard.
5	Service was amazing. Our waiter, Bill was kind and made sure we were happy with our choices. The food was great as well. I would definitely recommend The Barrymore to anyone who is looking for a cozy place to eat in Las Vegas.
2	Been coming here for a few years when in Vegas. Ordered a bottle of wine we liked last time. The water returned and said they didn't have it. He had another bottle in his hand he said was a wine of similar style. Stupidly, we said OK. It was not very good.We had the shrimp cocktail. Not as good as we remember.The shrimp was OK and the sauce was fairly bland and mild. I remember it having some heat last time.My guest had the sea bass. We were underwhelmed. I had a $48(!) steak. Ok, but very dry. not worth anywhere near the price, but I guess that's the going rate in Vegas.Waiter really pushed the creamed corn w/ lobster. We had the lobster mac and cheese last time and it was good. The creamed corn had very little lobster and was, well, creamed corn. My mistake.On the plus side the bread basket had 3 types of bread which were all delicious.Nice ambiance except for perhaps the strange piano/singer lounge act performing standards + 70s rock ballads. Weird.Bill was almost $200. Would give 3 stars but can't do it for these prices. Not planning on going back.
4	Wanna to switch it up from the same ole' same ole' dinning experience in Vegas.? You should check out The Barrymore. It's located just off the strip near The Encore.It's located inside a small hotel and with a not so appealing outside. Do not let this stop you from checking this place out. Trust me!When I walked in The Barrymore I was stoked--"I found a gem and I know I won't be let down!" Immediately to my right was an old school Vegas lounge singer and his piano man. I kid you not, the singer said, "I'm here every night except next Friday. I'm taking my girlfriend out." It was such a cliche lounge singer statement, but it worked!We were seated in their very cozy, intimate main dining room. Our waiter promptly greeted us. The Barrymore has a very impressive wine list. I opted for a glass of "The Whispering Angel" rose and found to be light and satisfying. We were served with a basket of freshly baked breads and warm salted butter. The breads were so delicious the basket was empty before we knew it. With great will power we declined a second basket. We choose all items suggested by our waiter. We had scallops for our appetizer....halla! The scallop appetizer was something to write home about! yum! yum! Our main entrees: bone in filet and chilean sea bass. Both items were good, but I must say they were a bit on the over cooked side--not too much, but just enough to notice. For desert we got the apple cheesecake tart thingy. Perfect size! We were super stuffed, but wanted to experience all courses offered. Another great suggestion from our waiter. I can't say enough good things about the staff. They made us feel welcomed and they cared about our experience. It wasn't just our waiter checking on us, even other waiters asked us with enthusiasm if we enjoying our dinning experience. I can't wait to go back. The Barrymore is a really cool place.
5	We found this on Yelp and we are very pleased with the experience.When we came in, a large group was seated at the same time. Since we only could see two waiters, we were concerned that we have to wait a long time. I expressed this to our waiter. (Yes, I am one of these people who annoy everybody). The waiter assured us that this will not be a problem. And - it was great. I was very impressed how fast and good they handled all the tables at the same time. The food was excellent. Everybody on our table was pleased with the taste and the perfect temperature of our steaks. The prices for this type of food are reasonable.This is definitely a place we will visit more often when we come to town!
4	Exquisite ambiance.  Very cool retro and the service was phenomenal.
5	My wife did do some searching for a new restaurant since we had already been to most of the top rated Morton's, Del Frisco's, etc. The food we ordered was all excellent.  Service was also top notch, our waiter Bill and his assistants were helpful and efficient.We had never heard of this place before, but it goes to the top of our list when we are entertaining other visitors in the future.
3	A place we always heard about and finally got to try. Memorable in its decor but nothing more. It looks really nice inside - like a place that's been around a while but it's pretty new! It's a sort of Hollywood interior that makes you think important people must dine there.First of all, service almost forgot about us. Like.. they didn't know we were there. Later, bread was served.We had been eyeing the lobster mac and cheese since we heard about it. It looks fantastic. That was our starter. You know what? You can't call something lobster mac and cheese if you treat the lobster like a topping of grated parmesan. The whole dish was salty as well. This is fine for a couple bites but becomes overwhelming shortly after. The cheesy sauce itself was delicious. How could it not be?The black bass. Two small pieces of bass placed atop cauliflower, all bathing in a salty, sharp grenobloise sauce (basically butter and capers). The bass was cooked well and I imagine delicious. Unfortunately, it was utterly overpowered by the sauce it was swimming in. This is fine for a fish, but not for a human enjoying his dinner. I think it would have been better with the sauce on the plate instead of poured over the food. This also caused the croutons to get soggy. I mean... why?The duck. As many have said - probably the better choice of the two. Pan roasted and tender. If you're a duck lover, I think this is going to be a gem. It's served over heirloom carrots and a very light sauce. Roasted shallots are also accompanying this piece. The carrots were a bit overcooked but otherwise the dish was great.I'm not sure we would be back, but we generally had a good time. It's a classy looking place with a good vibe going on inside. Cozy with good wines. Though, we probably wont be back - it's not to say it isn't worth your visit. As other Yelpers say, lots of good choices are on the menu that we didn't explore.
1	This place was ok. Nothing special nothing stood out. The best part about dinner was the cheap HH prices. Nothing to see here people keep it moving.
3	I had high expectations of this place because of the awesome reviews, and all of the Yelp pictures looked amazing so we were pretty stoked to finally check it out. Overall, it was just an 'okay' experience.We did not get what we payed for, and believe me, we have no problem paying for good food. We ordered the pork belly and also the cream corn with lobster for appetizers. The pork belly was very flavorful but it was a bit salty. It only came with one slice. I couldn't taste the lobster in the cream corn. The cream corn lacked cream and flavor and was also a bit dried.Our entrees did kinda make up for the appetizers. We got the bass and the duck. They kinda overdid the lemon on the bass but other than that it tasted pretty good. The duck was pretty good as well. Out of everything, the service was probably the worst. It wasn't super busy at the time that we went. There were 3 different servers, and not one of them checked up on us throughout our dinner. No smiles and just kept walking past us. They never filled up our waters. They never offered a dessert menu. Seemed like they didn't wanna be there. I did notice that it was the same service for the tables next to us as well so it wasn't just us. If we're paying this much, I expect the service to be top-notch. I'm sure if we came on another day and there's different servers and if we ordered other items on the menu, we would have a better experience. Good to try once but because of the experience that we had, we won't be returning.
3	I agree with the other reviewers on ambiance and vibe - the piano player is 96 and has Grammys from his days playing with the rat pack - so he's a kick.Our meal started well, service was friendly and attentive. Drinks consistent with other reviews. The manager stopped by our table and chatted for quite awhile - we learned the history of restaurant and features of menu. He seemed to honestly care about our experience - I inquired about the foie gras - he said it was good, but they were going to tweak it. It was ok - a bit gamey, sinewy, too much quince, etc. good thing they will work on it. Lobster Mac and cheese was dry and tasted like strong cheese - The mgr checked back and we gave him our feedback -  he insisted on exchanging the Mac and cheese - as it turned out the second was much better and creamy (tasted like totally different dish) although I wouldn't recommend it. We ordered the special entrees- lamb, cooked perfect - could have used a crust and lobster, good too. BUT - the specials were grossly over priced in comparison to the rest of the menu, by at least $25/ea. The waiter doesn't tell you the price, shame on us for not asking - so be aware! I don't mind spending on great food but this was good trying to be great and I don't like surprises - like when the waiter said "don't worry, I didn't charge you $10 for the water" WTF - this was still or tap water! Wine menu very interesting but grossly overpriced too. We are from No. CA with access to lots of great wines - we just couldn't get excited about the offering to value proposition.We went to experience something more authentic and to get off the strip - left feeling unfulfilled and disappointed.
5	Israel. He was a wonderful server and made our night absolutely exquisite. I hate to say it but he talked us into several menu items just by his knowledge of the way the items were cooked, what they were served with and how they were displayed. He knew what he was talking about and everything that came out was delicious. We ordered the lobster bisque, lobster mac and cheese, and pork belly to start. The bread basket was delicious as well. I enjoyed a Porn Star, while my husband ordered a Manhattan. Both drinks were delicious, but the Manhattan was so smooth we ordered two more. Israel recommended a wine that paired perfectly with my husbands meal.On to the entrees! I ordered their special sea bass, while my husband picked the Rib-eye. My sea bass was a little fishy but the flavors surrounding the fish helped drown that out quite a bit. The asparagus was on point though! My husbands rib-eye looked amazing & according to him tasted amazing. All in all the best part of our dinner was the service. Thank you Israel for making our evening that much more special! We will definitely come back!
5	Went to see Mr. Joe Vento play piano at the Royal Resort. Decided to have a meal at The Barrymore. Lives up to its reputation as the spot to sit relax and have a delicious meal. I never gave 5 stars before. But our waitress Emily and our waiter Joseph made the meal even better with their excellent service. The meal was one of the best I've ever had on every level.
5	What a gem!  We were very happy to discover The Barrymore inside the Royal.  We have had a timeshare there for years (Trade Shows, it is the best way to go) and are thrilled to have a great restaurant so close to "home".  Bill was a perfect server who helped us all the way from wine to dessert.  Great experience, we will be back!
4	The food was very good and the ambience was nice.
5	Great slice of old Vegas. The food and drinks were excellent. Bill was a wonderful waiter who took care of us. Right on the Strip, but free of too many tourists in tshirts and flip flops. By far one of my favorite places in Vegas. Even as a local, we will definitely be back!
4	Our new go-to spot after massive trade shows in Vegas. 1st let me say that we've never stepped foot inside the restaurant. We 1st went to the Barrymore on the recommendation of the bartender at LBS once he told us it was closing and promised to send down their recipes for the Pork & Mary and the Cucumber Mary. 1 has made it. Our 1st visit was after an especially trying day at CES. We had clients who wanted old Vegas ambiance but not the schelp to DTLV. Normally I don't take clients a first time before I'd tried it but I was brain damaged from the CES overload. What a GEM! Tucked away in a non-descript hotel, The Royal - it was like walking back in time. Cool, loungy vibe coupled with a variety of seating. It was chilly so we opted not to sit on the patio but on one of the comfortable couches just inside the bar. I mentioned to our waiter - who was quick to bring us menus and take our order that we'd been referred by LBS and did they have anything close to the Pork & Mary or the Cucumber Mary. A very quick chat with the bartender & wallah.. cucumber Marys all around. The Drinks:  ample and during happy hour - only $5.00!  4 people 4 rounds - awesome! The food:  We've been back many times since. Our recommendations would be the roasted artichoke; the wild boar & the crispy pork belly. Perfect accompaniment to soak up the cocktails. Ambiance: The 1st time I went looking out the huge windows I could almost imagine I was back home in NYC. Evening light on the high rises with the golden glow that is Vegas.  Once the weather was consistently above 60 we moved to the patio. Comfortable banquet seating with just the right touch of torches for light & heat. Service:  I cannot say enough about this. We've been there 4 times since January. Each time it has been better. The 1st time we went during CES - the manager came over and bought us a round of drinks. Who does that anymore? The bartender gave us the recommendation for some of the newer additions (the wild boar) his latest cocktails - we are still bound to bloody marys & Block 16 newly opened locations.
3	I'd give it a 3.5. We were supposed to go to another restaurant but at the last minute were able to get a reservation at the Barrymore, so we decided to give it a shot. It's off the strip and in a very random location--in some sort of motel that looks kind of sketchy. Getting out of the car I had my reservations, but when we walked in I relaxed a bit.  Definitely has an old school vibe, and it's true that it reminds you of "mad men" times. Unfortunately the food didn't quite live up to the ambiance. I started with grilled octopus, which was a bit slimy and didn't have a ton of flavor. For dinner I had a sea bass which was good, but nothing spectacular. All in all, I'd stay on the strip and go to the higher rated places there; this place just wasn't worth the trek.
5	We celebrated our anniversary last October at The Barrymore. We have eaten at many of the top named places in LV and The Barrymore served better food with excellent service. The dry aged ribeye was the best steak of my life! We will return during our next trip in May.
5	Update, new management and great experience. Will go back. I had the bone in New York and the girl had 2 lobster tails. We enjoyed both. The Barrymore is still my favorite drink.
4	Don't judge a book by it's cover. This place is a prime example. Sitting inside the Royal Resort on Convention Center Dr, is this hidden gem. I've long heard about this place, but once again, I'm late to the party. We were seated inside the cozy dining room and I immediately loved the place. The Retro Old School Vegas vibe really intrigued me. Surrounded by mirrored walls and movie film reels on the ceiling, dark curtains and plush booths, this place was really giving off that sexy (I hate that word) vibe. Our server, Kendra, was eager to offer her suggestion on cocktails, after what we told her what we liked, she had suggested a jalepeno infused watermelon martini for myself and a sazerac for my friend. Both drinks were delicious.Bread basket came out and I immediately spotted the pretzel roll. I love a good bread basket and this one did not disappoint. We started out with 1/2 dozen of Kumiai Oysters that were the special that day, I'm mad I've never had this oyster before! They were really good. Special of the day was John Dory fish, again I had never even of this fish, so I decided to try it. My friend ordered Bone In Ribeye. My fish was very mild, it was cooked perfectly. My friends Ribeye was the table favorite. We learned the grill master has been at it for 20 years, and it shows. Steak was tender and juicy. We shared the famous Lobster Mac & Cheese, it's as good as it sounds. Unfortunately we were too full to try dessert. Next time.They have a courtyard with a fire pit, it's the perfect time of year for outdoor dining. I really enjoyed this place, I can't say enough about the service as well, Kendra was great. I can't wait to come back and try more menu items.
5	Hidden Gem amongst Vegas Elite restaurantsPros: Great service! Ask for Luis who was well versed with the menu, gave ample time between seating, ordering and serving. Food: Generous amounts that can be shared. Well rounded menu. Bread basket was awesome! Pretzel rolls were a hit and I was addicted to the Parmesan flat bread. Dessert: Interesting. Apple Cheesecake was a hit at our table but  I was intrigued by the dark chocolate tart with orange zest ice cream. I couldn't put my finger on it as to what was that powdery taste in the ice cream. Turns out it was splenda...wouldn't guess that but it made it interesting. Didn't get to try the 3rd as I was concentrating on the ice cream but it must have been good since it was all gone. Ambiance: I'm a sucker for 1950s Hollywood Glam. Booth style seating with a few tables in the middle area. Beautiful wine display.Cons: I missed my chance for some fois gras! Sold out for the night! Thanks for the offer next time we are out in Vegas. Overall: A small quaint restaurant that was an excellent choice for our group of 7. You know it's a good meal when everyone leaves happy and full...and we only had maybe 1 to 2 drinks. Service was beyond awesome and made our night by serving us 3 desserts for our table to share. The best was when our waiter packed up my friend's meal and since she mentioned how much she liked the pretzel bread, he packed her up 6 more! The Barrymore is definitely old Vegas charm with some damn good food.
4	I've been to the Barrymore about a 1/2 dozen times over the past two years, and it is a true hidden gem in Las Vegas. Don't let the run-down look of parts of Convention Center Drive and the plain exterior of the Royal Resort fool you. The old-school vibe of both the hotel lobby and the bar/restaurant combined with great cuisine, a small but good wine list, and pretty good/consistent service make this place a Must Go for both locals and visitors. All in all, chefs Anthony Meidenbauer and Billy Richardson have done a stellar job.If you want to try it out without committing to dinner, go for happy hour (5:00 to 7:00 p.m.) and order some drinks and appetizers. There is both an indoor and small outdoor bar seating area. Here's a link to the menu, which always contains a number of new selections as well as a few regular items:http://www.barrymorelv.com/menus/dinner-menu/
5	By far my favourite restaurant in Vegas. We stumbled apon this little gem in its first year of opening. Every year I visit Vegas and every year I dine here without fail.Dont be turned off by the initial entrance to the complex. Tucked just inside the entrance is a little bit of gold. The service is always excellent, attentive without being overbearing. Waiters are well educated in efficient, confident and knowledgeable service.The food is always perfect, the cocktails are delicious and the vibe is wonderful. LOVE the decor- beautiful fit-out.The owner, sorry I forget his name, has often popped by our table and chatted to us, asked about our trip and our meal. Such a personal approach is very refreshing.Wine list has a great diverse range and if you are not sure what to chose, put your confidence in your server- he/she will look after you.Looking forward to another visit in a few weeks time :)(Oh and get the lobster mac and cheese- it will change your life)
5	Everything about The Barrymore made for a fantastic dining experience. Grab cocktails (the Cherry Picker was amazing!) and head out to the patio before your dinner reservation. The hostess was timely in escorting us to our booth in the dining area that feels like you've been immersed in an episode of Mad Men (check out the ceiling that is made of old time movie projector reels). A fabulous wine list awaits you with a wide selection. The food...absolutely delicious! Great appetizer selection and the steaks and sides were superb. Chocolate raspberry tart was the perfect finisher paired with our cabernet sauvignon. And the best thing of all, the price...a high quality meal without the Vegas Strip prices
5	We were looking to dine at a nice restaurant offering delicious food with great ambiance off the Las Vegas strip and discovered Barrymore.A few of us came here and ordered the following:Half dozen of oysters on half shell  - forgot where they were from.Endive and green apple  saladFilet mignon 8oz + Foie gras medallionNY strip steak 14 ozLobster tail with butterLobster mac & cheeseAs a starter the seasonal oysters and endive apple salad were very refreshing and appetizing.Being from California the restaurants are banned from serving foie gras so I had to order it when opportunity presents itself and I was not disappointed. The portion of the foie gras was substantial and the filet was ultra-tender.Everything we had ordered was simply delightful and delicious. I would definitely return.
5	The Barrymore is a hidden gem in a city where there are so many big name Chefs and restaurants. It's off the beat and track, hidden away just off the strip. The ambiance and look is very stylish, with a 1950's Rat Pack feel. Super cool vibe. The service and food was amazing. Get the filet.....amazing.  The booths are huge and comfy. Great date night spot. Very intimate and romantic. I would definitely recommend this hip and elegant restaurant to anyone.
4	Decided to take the moms out for Mother's Day and as locals I came a cross this highly recommended restaurant that id actually never heard of until our visit.  The interior was beautiful! I love the feeling of being in a decked out fine dining restaurant.  It almost set the mood as if to be in a Gatsby movie, very elegant.  The service was helpful, and the wine list couldn't have been better.  The Napa Cabernet by the glass is AMAZING! I will have to call and get the name for my own satisfaction but so smooth, the perfect wine.  We ordered some lobster Mac for the appetizer and it's safe to say it was a big hit at our table, the plate was basically spotless.  I don't usually comment on the complimentary breads but oh my, that had to be the best pretzel bread I've ever had! I ordered the free range chicken for my entree.  The food took about 40 min after ordering to be brought out to the table, I thought that was a bit long but the atmosphere was comforting enough to let it slide.  When my chicken came and I cut into the juicy breast, my taste buds went crazy! It was so delicious, my mouth is watering just reciting the memory! My husband got the New York steak, of course I had to try a piece and man was it charred to perfection and so tasty! The Brussels sprouts with bacon we're great along with the asparagus, and the corn.  The mashed potatoes seemed a bit plain to me, but other than that the experience couldn't have been better! To finish off dinner we all split a lemon cheesecake that made your taste buds disregard the full stomach and dig in for more. I loved the experience, the boutique, elegant, Gatsby feel.  We'll be referring many friends and family!
5	I came to the Barrymore for my 1-year anniversary while in Vegas. I love that it is off of the strip, intimate, cozy, and special. The food was amazing - especially the lobster mac and cheese appetizer. The ambiance was perfect. Service was outstanding. Drinks were great and a good price.
5	I'm a local business person who entertains clients frequently. With that said, I have eaten at an extensive array of Las Vegas area restaurants but this one has become my go-to. The service is top notch - it leaves most expensive Strip restaurants in the dust. The food is awesome with a creative flair. Chef John S. has done a wonderful job and kudos go out.This is old school Vegas so if you're like me and tired of the cookie cutter joints around town, try Barrymore and impress your friends!Last visit, I tried filet on the specials. It was cooked perfectly and melted like butter. I also recommend the octopus appetizer.
3	I would have never known about The Barrymore if it wouldn't have been for Yelp. The Barrymore is off the strip in a hotel I have never heard of. When I pulled up to the hotel for dinner on Mother's Day it was completely empty. Before entering you see The Barrymore sign with lights surrounding it and fire below it. The three of us were seated at a booth that was both comfortable and spacious. The restaurant is very intimate and great for conversation.First, the waitress brought out a bread basket which had pretzel bread, parmesan crackers, and epi baguette. The pretzel bread was the star, it may have been the best thing I put in my mouth all night.I chose two appetizers as my main course; the caesar salad and the rock shrimp carbonara. Others at the table ordered duck muscovy; mashed potatoes; squash curry. The waitress brought out the caesar salad first. Salad was crisp and fresh, dressing contained too much mayonnaise; croutons were an after thought. I am not usually a huge fan of shrimp, but the rock shrimp here was cooked and seasoned well. However the sauce tasted nothing like a carbonara, it tasted more like a garlic butter sauce. The presentation of this dish was almost there except for the pieces of bacon thrown on the plate. The bacon was unnecessary when there was already chunks of bacon in the dish.For dessert, I asked the waitress for her recommendation and said her favorite was the chocolate raspberry tart. After reading the description I didn't know whether it was a tart or a flourless chocolate cake. She said it should say flourless chocolate crumbs which are surrounding the tart. I decided to go with her recommendation even though I normally regret listening to suggestions from the wait staff. The presentation of this dish was the best part. All the flavors were mediocre. The tart itself was not crunchy enough and had no flavor. The raspberry part tasted like a store bought raspberry jam. Overall, the best thing about this restaurant is the retro decor along with an intimate setting.
5	This review is a bit late but came here for my sister's bachelorette party dinner! It truly is a hidden gem! The decor was glamorous, service and food was AMAZING!!!! Every dish our party ordered was absolutely DELICIOUS!! I cannot say enough about the food! On the pricey side but definitely worth EVERY penny!! I cant wait to come back to vegas just to come back to this place! The amazing service just made our experience even better! They had live music and made sure to make our bachelorette feel special with a bottle of bubbly for the table!! I'm getting hungry just remembering the food!!!! Definitely worth coming!!!
4	The area outside the hotel is a little sketchy, but the bar and outside patio are nice for happy hour.  We were disappointed that they changed the happy hour menu, though, which used to have a wonderful selection of food items.  We had a hard time finding anything on the new menu that sounded good.  Sitting outside on the patio was very relaxing and we enjoyed the drinks.  Would probably go back again if they change their happy hour food menu.
5	What a great restaurant. We found it on yelp and wanted to try something new. It was beautiful and the food was so good. The service wasn't great but that was the fault of our server, everyone else's service looked great. The burrata salad was so good and our dinners were really good too. Can't wait to go back!
5	Great service, delicious food and delicious drinks. What more can you ask for?My lovely foodie friend and previous SF Yelp Community Manager, Connie P. made reservations for us here to dine for her bff's Bachelorette Bash, Miss Betty N. :)Here's what we had:Moscow Mules (BOMB)Oysters (BOMB)Lobster Mac & Cheese (BOMB...with a capital B)Dungeness Crab (BOMB...especially that saucey sauce that came with it)Here's what I had for my entree:Madouvan Squash Curry that came with squash, root vegetables in a yummy curry sauce with moroccan-style couscous. I licked my plate clean. Nuff said.I definitely want to thank the amazing staff here for their friendly service and also thank them for not minding my Vegas "attire". We were heading straight to Hakkasan after dindin so the scandalous wear had to be worn. :PRecap of that weekend on my YouTube channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFd8kfiZIJY&list=UU5YaBtOxOYqeFEEQ_aW6JiA
5	Went for my 50th birthday celebration. WOW the food was wonderful, perfectly cooked steaks, and creamed corn with lobster. The desserts were at a level above heaven! Louis was an awesome waiter extremely attentive and gracious! 100% positive recommendation!
5	Pretty F'n amazing!  Yes, it's a couple hundred bucks for 2 people, but everything was great. We went on a Sunday night and had plenty of time to have a couple drinks at the bar. Happy hour $5 wells and cosmos. Good pours and a friendly staff. The decor is pretty cool, with some neat paintings and film roll ceiling. Nice, comfy booths. The bread basket was awesome, but could have used a little more butter. I was a little disappointed there was no cherry bacon bread that lots if other reviewers raved about, but it was still good. We had the octopus appetizer to share, and it was done really well. A couple thicker pieces were not as tender, but very flavorful. The citrus sauce on top was quite good, and the fava beans were excellent. My wife had the Muscovy Duck, which she liked. It came with heirloom carrots and we got a couple sides. Brussels sprouts and asparagus.  The asparagus was fresh but otherwise unremarkable. The sprouts were covered with bacon, so there's that!  I had the bone-in ribeye with bleu cheese. I ordered it medium, as many reviewers indicated theirs were more rare than ordered. What I got was a medium-rare steak that was nearly perfect. My only issue was the portions were huge, even the duck, and we couldn't finish everything. It pained me to let that beautiful meal go unfinished. I don't suppose that's something to complain about, though. So, with drinks, an appetizer, two sides, and two entrees, we paid around $195 with tip. We would definitely return.
5	A Half Centennial dinner to remember! My sister and our 3 best friends had dinner for her 50th birthday here on Friday night.  The place has a very handsome "rat pack" atmosphere.   Our waiter Luis was the perfect host for our evening out.  He recommended the lobster mac and cheese to go with our bone in filet mignon and both were outstanding.  The  steak was tender and cooked perfectly medium rare.  I am generally a steak purist and other than salt pepper and garlic eat my steak as is, however the bordelaise sauce is a must and turned up the flavor of the steak beautifully.  The other sides we shared were all equally delicious, cream corn with lobster(amazing), brussel sprouts with bacon (perfectly cooked), and curry carrots (yum). We were 5 very happy foodies even if we stopped there, which of course we did not.  Luis then brought out a trio of beautiful desserts that were and tasty as they were wonderfully plated. my favorite was the lemon cheesecake (not an ordinary cheesecake-trust me), and the chocolate raspberry tartlet was a close second.  All in all it was a 5 star experience from start to finish.
2	I'd just like to start by saying that it pains me to give this place 2 stars because I was hoping for so much more! We took a little getaway to Vegas this past weekend. I wanted to eat some place local, not a big chain in a newer casino. I saw awesome reviews for the Barrymore and booked a reservation for Friday night. We were seated in a tiny little room to the side of the bar with a few tables. For some reason I was expecting a much larger dining room from the pictures online but whatever. Our server was excellent, very professional and knew her stuff. After explaining to her that my husband doesn't eat onions and gags at the flavor we opted for the morel risotto with no onions. From the moment the dish hit the table my husband's face fell. We could smell the onions a mile off. The first flavor on the palate once we took a bite was straight onion. I felt so bad for the hubs - he was as excited as I was about this place. We ordered the steak special for 2 (a 30 oz steak with 3 sauces), the creamed corn and lobster and the brussels sprouts with bacon. Steak: Ordered medium rare and it was definitely rare - almost raw. The flavor was good so we ate it as we were starving and didn't feel like waiting for a new one. Creamed corn and lobster: NOPE. Couldn't taste an ounce of seafood in this dish. Brussels sprouts: Way undercooked with no flavor. This dish needed more time and salt. The cocktails were good but this was the most disappointing $200 I've ever had. We had to stop and get a snack later because my husband was so hungry when we left. Such a sad, sad experience - we will never be back.
5	Service was excellent, loved the atmosphere and every bite was amazing.  My steak was so tender I didn't even know it was possible!  I would highly recommend!
4	The Barrymore...What can I possible say about The Barrymore that hasn't been stated in a review already? Yes, it's off the strip and attached to the Royal ResortYes, it's small and intimate.Yes, they have good steaks and lobster mac.And Yes, The Barrymore is a great place to take a date or celebrate a special evening. My girlfriend and I chose The Barrymore to celebrate our one year together. We wanted to go somewhere that was good, intimate enough for some quality time, and a place that we haven't been to.  The Barrymore fit just right.  We had reservations, which really wasn't needed since we were the only ones here when we started our dinner.  Our server was fantastic.  Our server made it a point to give full descriptions of everything on their menu, especially their steaks. He even brought out a raw steak just to show us the size of it before it was cooked. I had my eye on their Filet Mignon since I learned about the Barrymore, but ended up with their bone-in-filet.  My dish was pretty good. I'm not saying it was the best steak I've had, but it definitely wasn't the worse. It was still tasty, tender, and my portion was huge. I only regret that I didn't stick with the filet mignon, which in my opinion, tends to have more flavor.  Regardless, I was still satisfied with my meal. My girlfriend was satisfied with her meal as well, but thought that their lobster mac was missing something. We just couldn't figure out what.  Overall, I would suggest The Barrymore to anyone looking for an intimate dinner, a good steak, and great service. PS:  Can't forget about their bread basket.  One word....delicious!!
3	Someone complained that the appetizers were too small so they made the portions smaller. Who does that? My wife and I only go there for happy hour (we're not big steak eaters) and order appetizers at half price. Now not only are all of our favorites off the happy hour menu, but it's a weird new, not so great selection. Guess what? Salty short rib on a salty pretzel bun = salt sandwich. Not that great of a combo.We've officially given up on this place as a happy hour hang out. We really wanted this to work out. Maybe we'll be back in Winter for the boar pasta.
5	Just dined at The Barrymore for my first time last night, the experience was incredible. The drinks before dinner were prepared and served by friendly staff members who were unobtrusive, but attentive. The dinner, was splendid. The dining room itself was a thing of beauty, not the usual gaudy sterile Vegas, but old Vegas or old Hollywood. I have dined in many restaurants world wide, this was a beautiful meal from start to finish. The young lady who cared for us was friendly, knowledgeable, and an incredibly deft server. Emily was absolutely astounding. I rarely get to Vegas but when I go to Vegas , I will be dining at the Barrymore.
5	This sexy old school intimate restaurant is a diamond in the rough. The food and service is amazing! If you are looking for classy "old Vegas" type ambiance- this is the place!
2	Ohhhhh Barrymore..... I haven't been here for a while, I use to come all the time and went last night cause I missed the food --- I hate to say this but I was really disappointed with my meal :(  I came here for some charred octopus and not the as good as it was, the foie appetizer was not the same, I always go for there specials cause it's always good but damn the bone in filet mignon with crab meat on the top was mediocre, and the filet wasn't tender, even the Muscat after the meal tasted it was water down :/ I always recommended this place but I don't think I will now... last night dinner spending $280 was a big disappointment.
5	Had a really nice time at this restaurant. A definite hidden gem! Small, intimate dining room with lots of character. I highly recommend the rock shrimp carbonara, dry aged filet and Brussels sprouts. We will be back.
5	Quick review for the foie gras.Really delicious and moist. For only $22 it's pretty much a steal since I can't have this in california. We also got the lobster mac and cheese which was very good as well.Will be back to try more of the foods someday!
5	Great "social hour". Good wine for $5 and appetizers for $7 to match. High quality, low cost and cool atmosphere. Bar tenders know what they are talking about and a cool atmosphere. A refreshing treat compared to the hustle bustle and touristy action of the strip. Lobster and corn side is AMAZING. Highly recommend for multiple reasons.
5	This place is amazing! Large film reels adorned the ceiling above and the mirrors all around us really opened up the place and gave it a sort of glimmer.  I didn't feel like I was in Vegas, I felt like I was in a 1930's film.  Our waiter from the beginning was very accommodating and he had a REAL sense of humor, not fake at all. Started off with some cucumber mojitos that were light and refreshing...cool as the cucumber muddled in it. I ordered the Dungeness Crab appetizer thinking I was going to have to do some work, however all of the meat was placed neatly on top of a delicious gazpacho type sauce that I thoroughly enjoyed. I even took my spoon and ate the remaining sauce like it was a soup.  For my main I ordered the Vadouvan Squash Curry w/ couscous.  I was impressed with the curry flavor, it wasn't too heavy, but it wasn't light either.  I wondered if there was a bit of coconut milk in it.  Regardless, I ate it ALL! It was time for dessert and I was so full, but I HAD to order something so I went with the Pistachio ice cream- by the way all of their ice cream is house made.  If you like pistachios, you will like this. The Barrymore is off the beaten path, which appealed to me because I really didn't feel like eating at a crowded pretentious restaurant.  Be prepared to spend a lot of money, it is kind of pricey, but it's worth it.
5	I was looking for a perfect restaurant for a romantic evening and the Barrymore was everything I wanted! Off the Strip, so you don't have to fight traffic to get there. Quiet, so you can have a romantic dinner without shouting to hear each other. The food - excellent! I would DEFINITELY go there again! GREAT place to take that special someone!
3	This restaurant is the epitome of retro glam for sure. A group of us came in for a quick dinner before a show at the Smiths Center. None of us had a poor experience, but none of us had our minds blown either, hence the three star rating. This is only due to the prices being a bit steep for what you get. We were the first customers in the door at 5pm, and upon being seated, we did note that we had some time constraints due to our show. Surprisingly, despite being a recommended restaurant for people attending shows at the Smiths Center, they did not show any amount of urgency in getting our food out to us. The service was good, but not outstanding. As my boyfriend is a waiter that always goes above and beyond, I am a bit picky when it comes to service, so take that opinion with a grain of salt. Now for the food. The complimentary bread basket may have been the highlight of the evening! lolApps:Heirloom Tomato Salad - this was the stand out dish of the night. The tomatoes were perfect and the burrata was delicious and creamy. Mains: Chilean Sea Bass - the fish was cooked and seasoned to perfection, and the sauce was wonderful, but for almost $40, the portion was extremely small. The dish was served with grilled asparagus which was a bit mushy and unappetizing.Filet - my boyfriend was not happy with this at all! While the seasoning was okay, the steak was overcooked. He ordered medium rare and received a medium cook. He also ordered the special "oscar" crab topping. It was pretty bland and not enough crab for the additional $35 dollars it cost, which was almost as much as the steak itself. Sides:Sauteed Mushrooms - these were very good, and the portion was very generous. Lobster Mac n' Cheese - meh, nothing special. It was pretty bland and could have used a little texture as well. Drinks: We both got the Moscow Mule, these too were only okay. Desserts:Unfortunately, because our food took so long, we did not have time for dessert.
5	Came here for my husband's 32nd birthday tonight. The server (Emily) was fantastic. So was the bartender. My husband said that his steak melted in his mouth. This is a great place hidden in an unassuming hotel. It's a nice break from the strip without being too far. A hidden gem, if you will. We'd definitely be back!
5	I know it's trite, but it's true: this is a hidden gem. I was searching for foie gras (California refugee), and came across the Yelp listing for The Barrymore. I would never have found the place without Yelp- it's tucked in the side of the lobby of an older hotel, barely a block off the north end of the strip. Quite honestly, the place reminded me of the Hollywood Tower of Terror at Disney's California Adventure-- if Disney decides to theme a restaurant there (like Blue Bayou at Pirates), this could be their model!The dining room is quiet and small, with mid-century decor. Gilded film reels across the ceiling and flocked wall paper complete the time-warp feeling. I eat early when I'm solo- so possibly I missed the rush later, but the room was quiet for a Saturday night. Despite this, the service was spot on- not hurried, not absent- very attentive and informative. I had a good feeling about dinner when a basket of three warm breads arrived. There was a slice of cracker bread, a beautiful mini epis and a small pretzel bread. There is a long list of starters, which did not study, as I knew I'd pick the seared foie gras! The plating was interesting- the slice (warm and perfectly seared) was served on a chunk of sherry bread pudding with a caramelized fig. The dish was finished with micro-greens and a drizzle of sauce. The combination was great- especially for someone who has missed this artisan product (btw- give up your factory chickens and eggs before you complain to me about hand raised foie gras ducks...). Try the house special cocktail- The Barrymore- with the foie gras-- a great combination!I had the seared diver scallops on creamed corn with pesto, and could not resist ordering the corn with bacon and lobster as a side. Yes, it was a bit too much corn, but every bite was delicious. I am not generally a dessert eater, but the kitchen sent me a beautiful chocolate-raspberry tartlet with a scoop of pistachio ice cream-- the crust was impossibly tender, and the chocolate ganache was delicious. I'm looking forward to my next visit! I've been to many of the upscale restaurants on the strip- and I have to say this ranks among the best for original and delicious food, and without the snobbery that must sometimes be suffered to enjoy the food!
4	We came here on our first day in Vegas. We were hungry and this was the nearest restaurant to our hotel that caught our eye.  Their steak is really good! The atmosphere inside is really nice, the decor is so classy.
3	My fiancee and I dined at The Barrymore in July 2014. It was a Wednesday evening, so the dining room was not crowded. We liked the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant. Our server was very good and very responsive to our requests. The pre-dinner bread was tasty, we both especially liked the warm pretzel bread. I ordered the NY Strip and my fiancee had Scallops. Her scallops were very good and the Strip had good flavor and the proper temperature. It may be personal preference but I was disappointed with the Mac N' Cheese side and the bearnaise sauce that I ordered to accompany my steak. Like most steak restaurants, dinner for 2 including cocktail and wine was over $200. I would dine at the Barrymore again, although I don't think it is my favorite steak restaurant in Vegas right now.
5	I have to say The Barrymore is a diamond in the rough. It is hard to tell, but inside the Royal Resort, sits a glorious place to dine.Food and service were exemplary. I made a reservation and was referred to by name throughout our meal. The general manager also made a stop by my table toward the end of our meal to inquire about our dining experience. Top notch service in a beautiful restaurant with A+ food.Instead of ordering entrees, my friend and I decided on salads and appetizers. The Barrymore does not disappoint.Heirloom Tomato & Hearts of Palm: Pleasing to the eye, vibrant with yellow and red tomatoes and topped with burrata cheese. Flavorful and fresh, with cracked black pepper. Pan Seared Foie Gras: An amazingly large portion of foie gras atop a small slice of bread pudding, paired with a caramelized fig. All the flavors complimented each other and is the best foie gras I have had in Las Vegas.Lobster Mac & Cheese: A favorite, as I can tell from other Yelp reviews, and it did not disappoint. Although it was quite heavy - a demanding appetizer, make sure you share this one! Manjari Chocolate Cake: A decadent way to end our evening, with raspberry sauce and a scoop of pistachio ice cream. Excellent.Overall our experience here was spectacular. I would highly recommend a trip to The Barrymore to anyone.
4	My girlfriend is a trained chef, and we both agreed the food was impeccable. Chilean sea bass and sea scallops, both perfectly cooked and served nice and hot? Never happens. The vegetables were farm fresh as well. We sat pretty near the kitchen and she loved the smells coming from there too.The decor is very cool and elegant, Las Vegas meets Hollywood, Rat Pack film noir, complete with gold film reels covering the ceiling. With period music to boot. The clientele looked very with it, no wife-beater tank tops & fanny packs here. The Royal Resort location that houses the Barrymore off the Strip looks empty and forgotten, but that's what they said about the South Beach, FL hotels in the 80s, so I expect the hipsters to show up and make it a cool place.The only star deduction comes from the fact that the $30+ entrees are served on just garnish. All sides, such as vegetables, must be ordered separately at $10+, sending the meal into quite expensive territory. Our waiter pushed the sides on me, saying in effect I had to order one, and we noticed him aggressively pushing bottle upon bottle of wine, including $200 bottles, to the table nearby. When we didn't order alcohol (we don't drink), nor dessert (we had already eaten sweets that day & are health-conscious), we got the short shrift from the waiter.All in all, an excellent meal, just make sure you manage your money and keep your head amidst the up-selling, like you do in the casino.
5	What a great find! I can't say enough good things about our date night at the Barrymore. It is cozy, classy, and a real gem. Don't be put off by the location. The valet was bursting with compliments on how good the food is. He was absolutely spot on.  When is the last time you heard a valet recommend "get the veal sweetbreads"?I had a perfectly shaken Bombay Sapphire martini to start things out. My wife had a glass of Bordeaux. We opted for three appetizers which were all spectacular. The beet and watermelon salad has several kinds of beets and was amazingly flavorful. The Fois Gras should not be missed and the Lobster Mac & Cheese will make your taste buds very happy. They have live Sinatra/Bobby Darin/Rat pack music on Fridays which added to the elegance of the atmosphere. The waitress was great, attentive but not intrusive of our romantic evening. She refreshed our cocktails. The main course: we split; Filet Mignon w/ and added topping of pan seared Fois Gras. The steak was a perfect medium rare. Every bite was simply heavenly. For a side we had creamed corn w/ lobster. Wow. The corn was shaved offf the cob and had just the right balance of lobster bits. For dessert, we had Pot de Creme and their house made peach tart w/ raspberry coulis & vanilla ice cream. Both solid offerings and made in house. The total was $217. Well worth it. We have been to Joel Robouchon at MGM, dropped $1200 for a less impressive and satisfying meal than the Barrymore. This place has our business from here on out. Upon leaving, the musical duo was still belting out " The way you look tonight". We had to stop in front of the bar & dance. Thanks for the perfect evening Barrymore!
5	This place is a gem! The food is awesome!
3	Maybe a 3.5. I would say better than okay, but with a big setback.You'd never expect a restaurant at this hotel. It is located inside the Royal Resort, which looks like an old run down hotel. Go inside and there is a bit of this old school swanky decor. The ceiling decor was a bunch of big old school looking movie reels. The table shared a bunch of appetizers.We got the steak tartare, foie gras, veal sweetbreads and lobster mac and cheese. All were tasty. For drink, I got the moscow mule which was good too. For the main, I got the bone-in ribeye* with a side of sauteed spinach.*I was told the meats were all grass-fedThe sides don't actually come on your plate, but a seperate dish so that makes it easy for sharing and each side is large enough for 2-3 people. More if you have a big party and just want a taste of everything. I also go to taste the creamed corn, mushrooms, and brussels sprouts. Sides were all good. Creamed corn stood out. The rib eye was cooked to the right temperature, but the one thing that was dissapointing was the crust. It was too salty. It wasn't just mine. The table consensus was that the crust of all the steaks were too salty. I found myself having to eat the steak with something else to help counter the saltiness. I finished about 3/4 of the steak and had to quit. With all the sides and appetizers, I couldn't hang anymore. Service was friendly and they cracked a few jokes as well. Besides the salt issue, I found everything else to be good to great.
2	I came here for the foie gras. When it came out I almost cried. For $26 I got a tiny over-cooked bite-size piece that was probably the left over end of the lobe. It literally looked like a mistake. I wanted to send it back, but I was surrounded by guests that I didn't want to make a fuss in front of. My friend got the duck and proportions for that were quite generous so she ended up sharing some of that to make up for my loss.
4	A had a quick bite here with friends and wow, what a treat!  The sweetbreads rocked it and the service was great.  The menu is very interesting.  A friend loved the beet and watermelon salad.
5	Pleasantly surprised by this hidden gem. Dined with a big group. Eight people left with zero complaints. I ordered the Muscovy duck. Perfectly cooked and meat fell off of the bone. Big portion to boot. I'm definitely coming back to get a steak.
5	The Social Hour from 5-7 PM (at the bar) is one of the best deals in Vegas!  Excellent Martinis and small app plates for $7.00 each.  Also, certain wines and beers also heavily discounted.  All prepared by a friendly bartender (Sarah).  Well worth it!  There is even a small outside patio for drinks.  Both dining rooms are comfy and inviting. We arrived at 5:30 PM without reservations and had no problem being seated in a huge booth. The food in the restaurant, while pricey, was great.  Everything from the bread basket to the side vegetables was delicious.  Steaks were tender and perfectly cooked.  The only caution is that they tend to over-salt the steaks, so on my next visit I will mention that to the server.Speaking of the service, it was excellent.  Food was delivered quickly and the table was cleared in a timely manner.  Our server (Emily) was all smiles and very friendly.  In general, good service without a hint of stuffiness.
5	Legit.The Barrymore has been a seminal contribution to the post-2009 Las Vegas lounge renaissance.  The restaurant is small, the service is old Vegas both in style and literally, with some wait staff known to discriminating customers for decades here.  They seem to know when to show up and when to leave you to your conversation.  The booths are classic design and the ambiance almost unmatched.  The menu is sophisticated French fusion.  Beautiful presentations which the chef makes sure are as you like them.The bar has an outdoor patio heated in the winter.  Inside is a small lounge area at which they often have some of the best entertainers in Las Vegas, including Nieve Malandra singing jazz and standards. The room off the east end of the bar could use some re-thinking, perhaps best for private events only.  Be sure to be seated in the main restaurant for dining.  Full menu at the bar and the perfect cocktail join a large wine list.  The design is a very sophisticated theme based on the Barrymore motion picture family.  Well done and one of my favorite haunts.
5	I had been to The Barrymore before, but only sat in the bar area. I went last night for a special occasion dinner, and got the full dining experience. I'm so compelled to say it was a thoroughly fantastic experience, consisting of great food, service, and of course, the atmosphere. Our server Luis was very pleasant and attentive, as was the rest of the staff. He made great suggestions, and everything we had was delicious. From what I ordered I would definitely recommend the Lobster Mac & Cheese and the Rick Shrimp, though everything was superb. We'll definitely be making our way back!
5	Really elegant old-school steakhouse and lounge. It screams classic Vegas, and is not gaudy or tacky, just a nice place to have a delicious steak dinner, sit in a big, comfy, dark booth with someone you love and enjoy superb service and, especially if you're coming from California, enjoy some foie gras!They have a social hour from 5-7 with half-priced apps and drinks too!
4	This restaurant is located in a very little know hotel with no casino near Encore. The decor of the Berrymore could be consider as classy and modern. The server was very knowledgable. We had Foie Gras and a Special Steak with Few others add on, They were absolutely delicious. I dare say that this place is better than some of the celebrity chef restaurant on the strip. I would totally recommend this place to anyone who love Steak and Foie Gras. I would definitely come back for more.
5	The restaurant is a gem!!!! My girlfriend and I came in for social hour and we were ecstatic about our visit!!! The bar tender was informative and very attentive. We were just in for appetizers and it was perfect. Had the heirloom tomato salad, the artichoke dish, rock shrimp and lobster Mac. The right portion size for the price, the tomatoes were spectacular, rock shrimp.. Make sure to reveal the delicious sauce under the shrimp. The cheese sauce for the Mac'n'cheese is phenomenal.. Not enough good things to say about the restaurant. The back dining room is gorgeous. Just come here, quit reading.
4	This place is so deceiving because it is in a cheesy looking hotel. But...  The food was incredible. We had sweetbread and lobster mac and cheese. ( or crack and cheese as we called it). My duck was very good and I love having breast and leg, with both cooked different. Just to be fair, the Brussel sprouts were not our favorite and the dessert was ok, but seriously everything else was so good. My co-workers had steak and it was really good (yeah, I tried their'a, don't judge me) and it was not the best steak I have had but still really good. Best part was we read a side dish for a different meal and asked for that as a side and they did it!  That was huge to me in service. Wanted to give 4.5 stars because of the dessert but couldn't. Would so go here again
5	A bit off the beaten path, but only a short walk from Encore  This place is legit. Only had a couple fantastic cocktails and some appetizers but you can so there's attention to detail. Will be back for dinner.  Highly reccomend.
3	Well.......not great but not bad either. This place was highly recommended from a friend who lives here in Las Vegas. We split time in both Las Vegas and California and we are always on the quest for the perfect steak house. The ambiance, service were excellent. The steaks were a bit disappointing. We had 4 in our party and not one of the steaks were cooked properly. The group was a bit tipsy and no one wanted to complain. So, we slinked out the door without a complaint. The appetizers were great tasting , but extremely small. I had the Foie gras and it was about the size of a silver dollar. Disappointing for what we paid. We might give this place another try. Maybe it was a bad night for the chef.
4	Headline: Old school classic diningWhat: Truffle lobster mac and cheese-a table favorite to share..really can't go wrongchilean sea bass-I get worried about restaurants overcooking fish, but this one flaked off nicely.  Without drinks I spent $50 for one, all in.  This restaurant really proved itself to be a dependable choice with excellent food. Service: Even the valet guy was super niceAmbiance: Dark, romantic, but still good for a group
5	We loved it!  My wife had the Salmon, I had the  lamb, both were awesome.  Had the corn with lobster side, absolutely amazing.  In an older hotel that is not impressive but the restaurant itself was very nice inside.
3	When trying to decide on a restaurant for my birthday dinner before seeing a Cirque show, I was torn. After talking to a bunch of people on TripAdvisor, the Barrymore seemed to be the place to go. I was excited to try out their menu and had high hopes.We arrived on time for our reservation and the restaurant was empty. Completely empty. I guess we were fairly early (our reservation was for like 5:30, to allow time to eat and to get to our show) but it was a bit surprising. Our waitress was friendly and prmopt with service, chatty when it was appropriate and left us alone while we ate. I had a white russian to start (very good) and tried the foie gras appetizer and the scallops for my main. My boyfriend ended up getting the special 14 oz steak (the thing was at least an inch and a half thick, if not more.I love foie gras and I was really looking forward to trying the appetizer. I was underwhelmed, at best. Not only did I find my foie gras undercooked, but the spiced french toast that was served under it really didn't do anything to complement the richness of the foie gras. There was quite a bit of cinnamon and for me, it completely overpowered the foie gras. I wasn't a fan of the treatment of the dish here so I wouldn't recommend it if you're looking for something more savory.I think my main was a special for the evening because I don't see it on the menu, but the scallops I had were good, but not great. They too were slightly underdone and were way way way too salty. Shellfish doesn't usually need THAT much salt to get it where its going but it was salty to a point where I stopped eating after a point. Disappointing. My boyfriend enjoyed his gigantic steak, said it was the most tender steak he'd ever eaten but not the best steak he'd ever had.We were all too full for dessert but our waitress did bring over some pistachio and raspberry macarons for my birthday dessert. These were quite good, but by this point, I was fairly disappointed in what was a relatively reasonably priced meal.Overall, this was an okay restaurant but for a special occasion, it really fell flat for me. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll steer clear of the Barrymore and try something different.
5	Great service! Amazing food. Happy we discovered this place. It is in a very odd location, but well worth finding. Enjoy!
5	This is a surprise hidden away.  I had a filet that was covered in blue cheese - and cooked perfectly.  The lobster Mac and cheese should be an entre instead of a starter.  By the time we finished our meal we were too full to try desert.
3	How do you run out of ribeyes at 8pm on a saturday?Overall, great ambiance, decent drinks. But I come in for a celebratory dinner with my best friends and after a long wait for our food they come out to tell us they are down to the last two ribeye steaks. There are ten of us.  They did comp us a bottle of wine. We took a long cab ride to get to this place.  Took three hours out of our night
5	If you are looking for something off the strip, slightly, but outstanding, with a totally different vibe than the usual mega resort restaurant, go to this place. The service was outstanding. The music and the decor remind you of the original Las Vegas, from the late 1950s to early 1960s. The food was simply outstanding. My wife and I shared the 18 ounce bone in ribeye. It was so good, that my wife literally picked up the bone and started gnawing on it like a rabid wolf. I'm not kidding. You should also try the lobster creamed corn. I cannot recommend this place highly enough. We have been to many of the high-end restaurants in Las Vegas, and the Barrymore competes favorably with all of them.
5	My boyfriend took me here for my birthday. The entire experience was really lovely. I liked their cozy atmosphere that seems to transport you to a different time. We had the grilled octopus, lobster mac n cheese, filet mignon, roasted brussel sprouts with bacon, and the creamed corn. Beautiful presentation of all dishes and the everything we perfect and melt in your mouth. Highly recommend this restaurant.
4	Tried this place on our way to the Life is beautiful festival and it was definitely a diamond in the rough. Located off the strip in the Palace hotel. The food was delicious, service was fantastic, and decor was very classy and unique. My fiance and I had a giant (6 person) booth all to ourselves. The only reason I'm not giving this place was 5 stars was for lack of music, leading to a dull atmosphere and for not having a restroom (located in the hotel lobby).
5	I have a new favorite here... The bone marrow!!!   You don't be disappointed .   I feel like the fois gras got smaller than the last time we were there.  Way too small for the price.
4	Went there for an early dinner, it was alright. I love a good steakhouse but this one seemed way overpriced for the quality. Everything was ok, but nothing to be crazy about. Wouldn't go again.
1	We had high expectations with the good yelp reviews but did not have a good experience.  I ordered my rare bone in fillet and a bunch of appetizers.  The first steak was way overlooked to the extent that I needed to send it back.  They brought out another steak which was cooked well but it was the worst cut of filet mignonette that I've ever had.  There was a fatty gristle everywhere through the steak.  When I asked about this I was gold the chef was extremely insulted that I sent the first steak back.  I ate about half of the second steak but didn't finish because of the strings of fat running through the steak.  I feel like the chef gave me a shitty cut because he was insulted that he overcook end the steak.  The problem is that a $83 steak should be as close to perfect as possible and unfortunately the steak can't be uncooked.
4	Excellent meal. Great service. Beautiful restaurant. I came here with a party of four and we all had a great time. Of what we ordered, I tried:Seafood Appetizer PlatterBone in Rib-EyeCurried SquashSteak TartareMashed PotatoesAsparagus Roasted MushroomsThe appetizer platter included muscles, oysters, jumbo shrimp, crab legs, and lobster tail. The entire selection was chilled and deliciously fresh. My husband ordered the Bone In Ribeye medium rare. The steak was cooked perfectly and the seasoning was excellent. Based on the excellent reviews, I was planning to order the Short Rib, but the Curried Squash caught my eye and I opted for it instead. It did not disappoint!  Next time I plan to try the Short Ribs. My girlfriend ordered the Steak Tartare as her entree. I had a couple tastes of it and it was good, though I'm generally not a fan. The portion was huge and she commented that there was so much of it she kinda got tired of eating it.  We concluded this was because, as an appetizer, it was probably meant to share. Of the sides, the Roasted Mushrooms were definitely the star. The Mashed Potatoes were creamy and tasted great. The asparagus was pretty standard. For dessert I had a very yummy Moscow Mule! It came in the most adorable mug. A couple notes...Wednesday features a very talented lounge singer which is super fun. The wine list here is outstanding so, if you are a fan of upscale vino, this is your spot.  At about $100 per person, the menu may seem pricey to some especially given the location of this restaurant. In my opinion, you are getting what you pay for in terms of food quality, service, and ambiance. Can't wait to return!
5	It was a great hidden gem! Great food, service, amd atmosphere. A really perfect meal.
5	The exterior of hotel where the Barrymore is, isn't anything to write home about but boy were we pleasantly surprised when we walked into the actual restaurant!  Very cool, old school vibe.  Service was super friendly!  Loved our server.  She was a sweetheart and full of great suggestions.  Everything she suggested was delicious!  I had the 8oz filet mignon which was delish.  My sister had the sea bass and even though I'm not huge fish person, I tasted it and was in heaven.  The sides were perfect, especially the lobster mac and cheese!!  Dessert was excellent too!  Only complaint would be the not so friendly sommelier.  He could use a couple of customer service seminars or classes that teach the importance of a friendly smile.  Other than that, a great over all experience!  Will definitely be back!
5	I don't think too many people know that this place opens at 2:00 one day a year.  That was today, Thanksgiving, and it was the best Thanksgiving dinner my new mate and I ever had in our lives.  If you didn't have Thanksgiving dinner here, I don't believe you had the best.  Nice, comfortable booth in a nice, comfortable room with exceptional service from nice, well mannered people.  Woohoo! is Right!!!
2	The atmosphere is nice with romantic lighting and live music. Service is helpful and considerate. But the food is mediocre at best: the short rib is as dry as beef jerky, sea bass is dry and flavorless as well. And the price is much higher than we expected(3 $ on yelp) - we ended up paying 160 for two entrees and an appetizer plus a glass of champaign. Would not recommend.
5	After researching places that had traditional Thanksgiving meal, we decided to try this place. Only one of us had that but he gave the meal rave reviews . Short ribs, filet and salmon were also excellent. Rock shrimp and lobster mac and cheese were terrific as well. The stuffing was not great but I wouldn't ding anyone for that. Our server was excellent. If not for thanksgiving, we probably would never have found this hidden gem but now it's on our foodie list. Don't let the lackluster location scare you , it's different.
5	My Boyfriend and I went here for our Anniversary.  I am glad we did!  The service was amazing, and the Sommelier (Wine Specialist) was very knowledgable and very friendly.  I enjoyed his recommendations, he knew exactly what to pick for someone like me, who is very picky about her wines. They are very good with making sure your wine glass doesn't get low--which I appreciate.Appetizer: The Pretzel bread that they provide is AMAZING.  The other breads were so-so.  We also ordered the Lobster Mac n' Cheese as recommended from our server. Wow. It's was amazing.   I recommend that, if you're going to order an appetizer. Entrees: My Boyfriend has a Bone-in Ribeye, he said it was very good. He got a side of french fries (LOL). Those were good too. I got the Jumbo Shrimp Linguine with a side of the Lobster Cream Corn. My meal was very flavorful, I enjoyed everything about it,We were offered  dessert but opted out, but the table next to us go the guava cheesecake and couldn't stop dishing about it. What a great hidden gem in Las Vegas. The ambiance is great and very romantic and is even good for group events.
4	I came to Barrymore for an early dinner and I'm glad I did. The restaurant is divided into two sections: each with its own vibe. The front part of it has the bar and is light and lively, the dinning area is cozy and intimate with rich colors and textures. The dinning area is small but they didn't try to pack it with tables which I really liked. That being said, make sure you make a reservation as it gets crowded very quickly.The lobster Mac and cheese and cream corn are a must but the fillet minion was nothing special. The highlight of the meal for me was the key lime cheesecake, quite delicious! The staff was extremely attentive to the point they were overbearing. But this was nice coming from Miami where the service isn't the greatest...
3	My friend and I went to eat at the Barrymore last night for dinner and based on the yelp reviews I was really excited to try it.  I left our meal feeling a little disappointed.  Don't get me wrong, the food wasn't bad but it wasn't spectacular.  We order the Crispy Shrimp, Artichoke Salad, Sea Bass and Short Rib.  The shining star was the Artichokes Salad, I could have eaten 3 more.  The pretzel rolls and parmesan flar bread are amazing as well. Everything else had potential to be great but fell flat.  The shrimp was soggy and had very little sauce on it.  The bartender and waitress recommended the sea bass, which was bland and boring. I don't understand why there are so many reviews on yelp saying how good it is.  The short rib was tasty and rich but the root vegetable mirepoix was greasy and had an unpleasant flavor.I wanted so badly to love this restaurant, they have amazing drink specials and a really nice ambiance but the food needs some work.
1	This place basically ruined my wedding. Let me tell you why.I originally called in 3 weeks ago to make reservations for my party of 14 after our wedding. I had submitted my credit card authorization, requested dessert from the pastry chef (which i had no response on, but that's another story), and had told all my guests/limo the plan for the evening. Then comes the week of my wedding, as i'm scrambling to complete last minute errands and extremely stressed out. I receive a call on Monday, for my reservation that Saturday. Whomever calls me left a message to verify my reservation. I thought this was odd to call 4 days early, but figured it had to do with our large party. I returned the call to confirm, and the associate asked me if i got her message a week ago (i checked my voicemails and incoming calls and there was nothing) saying that they had a private party actually book last week (after we had made our reservation) and that we would now be seated outside for our reservations. Mind you, when i originally scheduled this, i made them WELL aware this was my wedding, aka my party will be in dresses and the low is on average 35 degrees in Las Vegas. She reassured me there would be a heater though so it's all good. Needless to say, i cancelled my reservation. I don't understand how The Barrymore would think it is legit to change someones reservation this way because someone else called in after me? i'm confused by this policy and extremely frustrated, as i am left to find a place to entertain my guests on my wedding night the week of my wedding. I find this place extremely disrespectful, and i will never attempt to give them my business again, although they clearly aren't too concerned with this notion.
5	Yum yum. Amazing food and excellent service. If you are in Vegas, this restaurant is a must. Intimate setting and only holds about 50 people. Make a reservation.
3	This restaurant is located in a small hotel just off Las Vegas blvd. We were not aware of the existence of either the hotel or the restaurant as it is easy to miss. The restaurant is a bit small but with a nice a decor. For our appetizer we ordered the crab cake. We got one medium size crab-cake with a lot of meat.  The appetizer was very good.For our main entree we ordered the Chilean sea bass and Leg of Lamb. The Chilean Sea Bass was just average, there was nothing special to it. The Leg of Lamb was also decent but not memorable. As a side we had the Cream Corn Lobster which was delicious. The service was also very slow, I was expecting a higher level of service.Overall, the place is just ok. There were good dishes, but not all of them were up to standards. Note: The Barrymore has some small plates and drinks on happy hour until 7PM.
5	They have a great wine selection and their meats are to die for. Everyone had filet minion except me, I had lamb shank. The lamb came right off the bone, soft and juicy. Everyone raved about the steak melting in their mouths. Decor is old Vegas, 20s esque. I liked that.
5	Brought my family here because I was so impressed the last time. There's guest parking right in front of the restaurant which was super convenient. The bread basket is awesome. You'll want to fill up on the pretzel rolls. They're so good. But fight the temptation.The highlights of my night were the cream corn and lobster side and the beef short rib. The sweetness of the cream corn paired really well with the little bites of lobster. The short rib was so juicy and tender. Fall off the bone tender. The cream corn and the mirepoix helped balance out the bold flavor from the beef. Delicious.Still need to get a steak here so I'll definitely be coming next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Don't judge a book by it's cover is right.  Tucked in a relatively unknown hotel off the strip, the Barrymore is a gem.   Everything is fantastic.  Lobster Mac is not heavy and very tasty.  Sea bass was excellent and melted in your mouth.  Even the drinks were great and came in sizable glasses. The whole party thoroughly enjoyed it. Ditch the overpriced strip and try this place.  It's exceptional, even by Manhattan standards.
1	This restaurant is a big scam. It tells you that you can get a glass of wine if 25 dollar is spent. However, it gave us only ONE glass for a party if 14 people spending $120 per person in average. They are cheap and stupid.
1	The yelp offer is a scam!! They brought only one glass of wine for a table of 13 people. The steak is not as good as we expected! The place is like a ghost house!!
1	Nice restaurant. Beautiful setup and great food. Unfortunately very disappointed with the service. There was a yelp offer to receive one glass of wine if you check in. We were a party of 14 and the manger brought ONE glass for the whole table! They argued with us that it wouldn't make sense for the restaurant to offer a free glass of wine to everyone! Such a scam. Really disappointing service for such a good restaurant.
5	Thank you,  Barrymore for hosting our wedding reception of 30+ in the Gold Room. Everything was perfect from the room/table set-up, the service and the food...oh the food! All of our guests could not stop raving about the food. I'll skip straight to the mains - the stand-outs were Morrocan Lamb shank and Bone-in Ribeye as a menu add-on (definitely worth the extra $15pp on prixe fixe menu)! I can't remember the last time we had a nice steak out at a restaurant...man, was it good! Heard the lamb shank was fall-off the bone tender and commented in how it was the best they'd had and we're from Australia where they do lamb right (next to NZ ;).Desserts were also a winners - Chocolate Pot de creme and Guava cheesecake.If you are curious,  we had Crispy Rock Shrimp, Lump Crab Cake and Lobster Bisque for starters.Service was excellent and very accomodating and attentive - thank you Sergio, Luis and staff.Also, a huge THANK YOU to our fellow Yelpers for helping me find this gem - without you guys we wouldn't have a clue where to go!!
4	Very cool place.  The atmosphere is fantastic and the staff is incredible.  Everyone knew exactly when we needed them and no one overstayed their welcome.  We started with the lobster bisque, which was a little salty in my opinion, and a little pricey at $20.  The presentation was nice; a gravy boat to poor the broth over lobster, cracker and caviar.  We had the foie, the steak tartare, roasted brussel sprouts with bacon, and a New York steak.  The steak was the clear winner.  I ordered it on the rare side of medium rare and they couldn't have done a better job.  Nice grill marks, good sear, and delicious flavor.  The brussel sprouts were good, but I have made them a little better at home myself.  The foie and steak tartare were both excellent.  In fact, my date may argue that the steak tartare was the winner for the night.Bottom line, if you want to try something different and you want to go somewhere that's off the beaten path, The Barrymore is a great choice.
2	We decided to check out the Barrymore on a Monday night for an early seating. The location or area of the restaurant is unsophisticated with a Ross superstore across the street. The hotel is an old school vibe, a bit low end. The Barrymore is an interesting old style Vegas with a classic velvet feel. The serving staff was excellent, knowledgeable, and friendly.  We started with a dirty blue chees stuff olive martini ... somehow it was not done well. I'm not sure why, but it seemed off. We order the Duck Foie Gras and Lobster bisque to start. Both had a nice presentation, however the taste seemed lacking on both. I can't say why, but it just did not come together well.  Next we ordered the bone in rib eye steak and braised short ribs. The short ribs was a major disappointment! Again a nice presentation, but  the short ribs were dry and crusted around the outside... tuff or a little burnt might be a bit more accurate description.  The center was soft and juicy... the sauce was thick and basic! The root vegetable mirepoix was greasy and had an unpleasant flavor. The bone in rib eye steak was gritty, low on flavor, and poor on marbling. The meal was $180 for 2. It was a major disappointment. At these prices, Vegas has so much more to offer with a truly amazing experience. I recommend a pass on The Barrymore.
1	This restaurant is totally not worth the money. The lobster bisque soup was extremely salty. And my friends' steak was over cooked. The lamb shank I had was ugly and too dry. Also we ordered Brussels sprouts (awful) and corn (too sweet) as sides. So in conclusion, the whole thing was disappointing and I would def not go again. Also, before ordering the drink, the waitress was bitching about some of their drinks, which included the Sangria that I got later. Like... What kinda server would do that? And that sangria was very good actually.
