4	Ok, I heard about this place from a friend on Twitter.  Their Twitter account is:http://twitter.com/FusionTacosIf you mention that you found them on Twitter, you will get a FREE drink with your order.From what my friend told me, they were a little hard to find as they are located inside a little Carniceria at the back of the strip mall on the corner of Decatur & Vegas Dr.The place is a little hole in the wall type setup.  They offer both Mexican & Asian Teriyaki Bowl type entrees.  The fusion tacos comes in 3 types....Bul Gogi (beef), Daeji Gogi (pork), and Dak Gogi (chicken) Tacos.  I forgot about these when I got there and ordered a Carne Asada burrito & a Carne Asada taco....my son ordered the Teriyaki Chicken Bowl....go figure. (see pics)The Carne Asada burrito was very good.  The beef was flavored nicely and the beans and rice were just the right portion....also, you can't go wrong for $3.99....that's really cheap for that quality of a burrito!  The tacos were excellent too and priced just right at $1 ea.  My son said he loved the Chicken Teri-bowl, but it was too much for him so he took 1/2 home for later.Overall this place has good value and I also like how you can get Mexican soda here....which is flavored with Natural Sugar instead of High Fructose Corn Syrup......I just can't say no to that soda!Will I return?  Absolutely!
5	Whoa! This is my new favorite hole in the wall. It's currently in the middle of a tiny carneceria but they are moving by the end of the year. It sounded like they might be planning on becoming an actual restaurant, rather than a grocery counter with food.Mexican, Chinese, and Korean food. Huh!The owners are Korean, but they speak Spanish. Linda, the owner, said her husband was cooking her some food and everyone was interested. And their fusion food was born.I started with a bulgogi taco. I think I prefer Hanshik BUT...the taco was $1 and muy delicious.I then got a bulgogi teriyaki bowl and a pork tamale to go. The teriyaki bowl was $5 and the tamale was another $1. That food will probably last me for 4 meals.The teriyaki bowl is delicious. I mean, best teriyaki bowl I've ever had. Yum. Yum. Yum!And the tamale was even better than the teriyaki bowl! I freakin' love this place. Cheap, delicious, creative, good eats. I couldn't ask for anything better.I will be back..again and again.Edit:This place has moved and is now a full-time restaurant, rather than carniceria with a food counter.If you're looking for atmosphere, forget it.If you're looking for delicious comfort food, go check it out!I haven't eaten everything on the menu (yet), but most everything I've had seems to have Korean influences, which makes sense given that the owners are Korean.I got some wonton soup today. It's really not much like traditional wonton and Korean flavor peeks through....but it's delicious, comforting, and a bargain.The tacos are now $1.25 and still muy delicious! I came in for takeout, but Lynda still brought me out a side of chips with salsa and guacamole. The chips were kind of soggy in the middle like homemade...and that's the way I like my chips, but others might disagree.Still, a ton of food, and a ton of flavor, for very little money. And I still love this place!
5	this place is DELICIOUS! the workers are very nice, the portions they give are HUGE and full of flavor. you can eat in or take out and no matter what, the food is always the best quality. they have mexican, chinese, and korean food and everything always has a good twist to it. i recommend the fusion tacos with chicken and a lettuce shell, and also the orange chicken where you get a BIG serving of orange chicken and white rice. they have something to offer for everyone and its not expensive at all so go try it!! :D
5	This place is awesome.  As the other people has posted your portions are HUGE, have great flavor and is really cheap.  The wife and I went here and had the fusion tacos.  I got the pork and it had awesome flavor (in tortilla).  She got chicken in lettuce and it was a little bland but I added some of the red chili paste and it was great.  They served us chips and salsa and the salsa was pretty good too.  The chips were crispy and soggy at the same time.  Some people like this, I don't really as they are chewy.  The fried wontons were good also, but not as good as being in Korea and getting yakimando.  The bulgogi was HUGE and AWESOME.  The total bill was 20 bucks and we took more than 1/2 home.  I asked Linda if the wonton was like yaki and she picked up that I had been to Korea before and offered some kimchi.  She said it's not on the menu but it is there if you want it.  It was good and you could tell it had some bubbly fermentation to it.
5	My wife heard about this place on Yelp and really wanted to try it. So we ventured over last weekend. I am glad we did!This is one of the best Korean/Mexican fusion places I have been to. WAAAY better than Hanshik taco and maybe even better than the famous Kogi trucks in L.A.We got the chicken, beef, and pork fusion tacos. We got the chicken in a lettuce wrap and the other two in a corn tortilla. We also ordered the bulgogi burrito. Everything was great. I preferred the tacos, but that has a lot to do with the fact that I'm not a big fan of rice in my burritos.I plan to be a regular customer.
4	So I stopped in here the other day because I heard SOOO MANY great things about this place- better than Kogi?! I had to try it. I ordered a carne asada taco in a corn tortilla and 2 bulgogi lettuce "wraps". I gotta say it was yummy and very good, but I don't know if it was better than Kogi. Kogi is pretty innovative; their tacos have bulgogi and kimchi and really emphasize that Korean flavor. These lettuce wraps had pico de gallo in them, and it wasn't super reminiscent of the flavors I was expecting. The carne asada was pretty solid, no complaints there. But what's up with Vegas Mexican restaurants putting rice in their burritos?!
5	Korean, Mexican FUSION? HAD to give it a try and holy mole the value of this place and the amount of food AND flavor wonderful :)  If your one of those people who wants a 'fancy' place to enjoy great food, move on and leave this hidden gem to the rest of us.  While asking a question about the contents of a dish it was apparent that at least one of us had some knowledge of korean food and then we were offered kimchi as well.  We will def be back, HUGE portions we both ordered the bulgolgi and we most definitely could have shared.
5	The fusion tacos and fusion burritos are very tasty.  My son is very picky, but he loves their Orange Chicken!  Great food, huge portions, awesome prices!  What more can you ask for?  Small family operated restaurant, and they make you feel like a member of their family!If you open a KoMex in Orange County, I'll never have to cook again!  :-)
5	OHHHH YEAH!Love this place and will be going there a lot.  Let's start with their story.  They are a nice Korean couple who ran a Mexican market for 10 years.  Their food isn't a copy of the Kogi truck phenomenon in Southern California but rather a result of their experience at the market. They sold tacos, burritos, etc at their market.However, they cooked food for themselves.  So they would blend mexican food with korean bbq, chinese food, etc.  Pretty soon customers would ask them what they were cooking/eating and ask if they could try it.  Long story made short - eventually their fusion food was doing much better business than the market itself.  So they made the leap to open up their own restaurant.Now - on to the restaurant.  It doesn't have a ton of decor but that's to be expected from folks opening up their own business on a shoestring budget.  The food, however, is outstanding.I had the following:Burrito with Korean bbq pork.  This was definitely the highlight of my meal.  Served with a side of kimchee (though I'd recommend you ask for it inside the burrito if you want the best experience), the bbq pork is absolutely delicious.  Tender, flavorful, sweet, and savory.  Served with rice and veggies inside.  They serve the kimchee on the side cause they are worried about how Americans will react to it.  But I think you need the tangy kimchee to balance out the richness of the meat.  That's standard cooking.  The owners also bring you 3 hot sauces.  A korean chili, mexican hot sauce, and the owners' own house made hot sauce.  I'm not a big hot sauce person, but the owners' sauce was really excellent and flavorful.Taco with bulgogi (beef).  A big, meaty taco that has too much to eat without spilling out the fillings.  I don't think that's necessarily great to have so much on top but I know others will love the value.  Served with a lime wedge as is traditional.  Nice tender, flavorful meat with nice crispy veggies.  They serve you tortilla chips and salsa while you wait.  They seen to be from flour rather than corn tortillas which is unorthodox but fine.  The value is definitely there.  It's cheap.  I actually think they should raise the price a buck on all the food and move to a richer neighborhood but that's just me.  I will back here many times.  This is really a hidden gem.
5	After many sleepless nights I've decided a name more appropriate for KoMex. ChiKoMeRican Fusion Express. What the heck is right. I don't think I've have ever ate anywhere that serves Korean-Mexican fusion, Mexican, Chinese, and American. It is like the food court at a mall fell into a pot and KoMex was the product. What I like:- Uber cheap food. For $1.25 you can get a taco, but not just any taco, Korean marinaded beef, chicken, or pork sheltered by two corn tortillas OR protein style (lettuce) at no charge! Good bye Taco Bell Grade D "meat". - It tastes good. YEAAAAAAAA!- The portions are very generous. You can't even hold a taco without the lettuce, purple cabbage, tomatoes, and cilantro falling out.  - Everything is cooked to order, just in case you were wondering why your taco is taking 10 minutes. - FREE chips, salsa, and guacamole while you wait. They make their chips from flour tortillas though, but, it is free. - FREE fruits for dessert. Sometimes I've gotten oranges and other times watermelon.- Drink selection is pretty interesting. Jarritos, Voss water, typical sodas, lemonade, Starbucks frappuccinos, and I believe I saw a coconut juice drink. What it is not:- This is not a Kogi's. KoMex serves food more family like and Kogi's is more street and greasier.- No Korean only items. I'll live. - Fancy. It is not in the best of spots, or has nice decor, but it gets the job done. - Going to make your wallet or bank account cry.- Going to give you a reason to regret. yeaaaabuddy!
5	What do you get when your Korean BBQ makes sweet love to a burrito? KoMex Fusion Express. This place is 5 stars hands down. We were in the neighborhood and we've yet to experience the wonders of Korean-Mexican fusion so we stopped in. Our expectations were high and this place did not let us down. When we sat down, we were given chips with delicious guacamole and salsa. While the chips were made from flour tortillas, I preferred it because they were light and crispy. We asked for water and they gave us (free) Kirkland water bottles! YES! I am a water connoisseur and this place is handing out perfectly purified bottled water to accompany our meal. I ordered the bulgogi burrito while my husband had a  bulgogi and pork taco. When my burrito came out, my jaw dropped. You know how Chipotle isn't known for amazing food, but rather the size of their mediocre burritos? This place would blow Chipotle's baby burritos away, and it was only $4.50!!! The bulgogi was marinated deliciously and was accompanied by pico, rice, lettuce, and kimchi. Honestly, when I eat KBBQ, I usually don't even get bulgogi because I'd rather eat Galbi, but this bulgogi in my burrito was amazingly tender and flavorful. 5 star worthy right there.Then the super nice owner/waitress brings out the oranges that you'd get at a sushi joint with some fortune cookies and a lollipop for my daughter. Our total: $7.57. I am SO impressed with this place and will tell everybody I know to support them so that they can expand to somewhere closer to my house. Until then, I will happily make the drive.
5	Broke da mouth, OMG, amazingly delicious food. Can't wait to go back and I just had some a few hours ago. Fusion tacos for about $1 and fusion burritos for about $4, cheap and nice size portions, I don't remember the rest of the menu but your going to love this place.  Did the bulgogi fusion burrito, the first bite was so out there it was ridiculously good, never tasted anything like it ever, each bite got even better than the last until it was all gone. The owner, Linda I believe, hooked it up, with some pretty good egg rolls, with salsa and guacamole , tortilla chips, oranges for dessert nicely presented, and bottled water. The egg rolls aren't a regular item and need to be ordered in advance. Everything is made fresh so your food gets to you a little longer but well worth the wait. There's also a good selection of bottled juices and sodas. Love this place.
5	A friend of mine turned me on to this place when he said he went 3 times in one week. 3 times in a week ? ? ? This place, I have to try. I had 3 Fusion tacos (pork, chicken and beef) ala carte. I ordered 2 with a lettuce wrap and one with corn tortillas. And at $1.25 apiece that was a bonus. I really liked all 3 of them and the combination (fusion) of Korean with Mexican was awesome. Korean flavored beef tacos with cilantro and Korean Hoisin type hot sauce was just over the top. My wife had the Bulgogi Fusion Burrito (and it was enough to feed 3 of us). My boy had the Boneless Kalbi plate, and my girl had the taquito plate. So not only can you order good Fusion food but they have a pretty good selection of Mexican food and Asian food also. I'm going to try the Mexican Chow Mein next time. That one sounds interesting. A place has gotta be good when I have to drive out of my comfy confines of Summerlin to try a place in a questionable area of town. Decor is urban (looks like a converted laundromat) but who cares! The food is definitely worth the trip and I'll be back.
5	This is a review of the UYE: Steppin' Out Northwest-KoMex Fusion Feast. Twelve Yelpers arranged around one large and one small booth enjoyed superior Korean-Mexican fusion cuisine. The seating was comfortable, the companionship convivial, and the food fresh, delicious, and somewhat unique. Most diners ordered various varieties of fusion tacos and burritos. Although the contents of tacos could have been ordered to be wrapped in either lettuce or corn tortillas, pretty much everyone opted for tortillas. I ordered one Bulgogi Burrito and a single Bulgogi Taco, figuring that I could always order more if still hungry after consuming the initial foodstuffs. Because the restaurant proprietors were kind enough to supply all hungry Yelpers with generous portions of complimentary Guacamole Dip and thick and tasty corn Tortilla Chips as well as large Vegetable Egg Rolls with a spicy and fruity Sweet & Sour Sauce, I was well satisfied after downing my burrito and taco. So, no refills of food were needed. The Guacamole Dip was smooth and tasty. Besides the avocado there were onions, cilantro, and pieces of red tomato. The very crunchy Tortilla Chips were slightly orange in color and obviously homemade. The Vegetable Egg Roll was soft to the touch, filled with assorted fresh vegetables, and crunchy upon contact with the teeth. Although pretty tame itself, when dipped in the Sweet & Sour Sauce, the contrasts of sweet, sour, and spicy flavors made the taste buds dance. My Bulgogi Taco chiefly consisted of marinated and lean shredded beef and cabbage resting upon two corn tortillas which, enhanced with a choice of Korean Hot Sauce, Mexican Hot Sauce, or KoMex Fusion Hot Sauce, were easily foldable to bring the whole tasty package to the mouth. The marinade--a shade lower in intensity than Teriyaki Sauce--added a nice saucy flavor to the mix. The quite large Bulgogi Burrito featured a warm and soft flour tortilla encasing generous amounts of nicely marinated shredded beef and vegetation, primarily cabbage. It, too, was delicious upon contact, and taken up a notch by a few drops of hot sauce. I experimented with all three fresh hot sauce offerings (they were not presented in bottles), and found the Mexican Hot Sauce to be hottest and the KoMex fusion Hot Sauce to be the mildest. Of the three, I ultimately preferred the latter. At one point I did feel sorry for some of my table-mates, because the kitchen took so much care cooking our orders obviously from scratch that they dribbled out one by one, and a few Yelpers did not receive their food until after most of us had already finished eating. Misti Y. gave the go-ahead for us to begin eating as soon as hot food arrived, with the admonition that if the food is cold proper Yelp etiquette is to wait for others' orders to arrive but if hot it is appropriate to begin eating right away. Thank goodness for that sage advice, or there would have been some ice cold food on the tables! The setting of the restaurant is unassuming, like that of a typical fast-food establishment. But who cares? It is a very comfortable environment in which to enjoy first-rate fusion tacos and burritos that are decidedly not fast food. Orders here are carefully prepared and individually assembled, yielding unquestionably five-star-quality casual cuisine. I tasted not a bit of fat mixed in with the tender, flavorful meat. I must return soon to sample other diverse Chinese, Korean, Mexican, and fusion offerings listed in the expansive menu. Many thanks go to KoMex Fusion Express for being so hospitable; to Nelson Q for arranging and hosting this fusion feast; and to Misti for the classy Yelp playing cards which I absent-mindedly left on a table later in the day at The Original Pancake House at Aliante Casino. I had to race back to retrieve the cards just before the restaurant closed, and then was detoured and got lost for a time finding my way home after the NHP closed off both eastbound entrances to the 215 in the vicinity of the casino following a collision between a motorcycle and a car. Consequently, I will really treasure those cards now, and they will never be permitted to leave the house!
5	Great prices, great service, food fixed when you order it. Love this place!
5	Went there for the first time this Saturday.Went back again last night.What can I say.....this place is good.  DAMN GOOD.On the first trip, I had the Bulgogi Burrito and a Pork Fusion Taco.It was love at first bite.Every single bite was savored from beginning to end.On the second trip, I had the Pork Burrito and a Chicken Fusion Taco.I thought that I would be over the taste already, but I lied to myself.  I was still able to savor every single bite.The food portions were huge and super cheap.We were also served chips, guac, and salsa while we waited for our food.I live in Henderson and this place is near Downtown Vegas.  It's kind of far from me but well worth the drive.I plan on becoming a regular patron of this establishment, as well as telling everyone I know to support this business.5 well deserved stars!  Keep up the good work!
4	After my brother in-law had endorsed this place we had to try it.  I typically don't travel this far for tacos but, the fusion of Korean, Mexican, American, and Chinese... come on you gotta try it.  The owners of the small restaurant are husband and wife.  The wife was super nice and was always attentive and shared stories of how they started the business.  And, the husband does all the cooking.  Anyhow, business was good and people that were in and out were on a first name basis with the owners (that's always a plus).  We started our meal with chips with salsa and guacamole.  With the chips we were also given Chinese Zodiac place mats....only at KoMex (gotta love the quirks).  Skimming the menu I started with a craving for the fusion tacos (Korean/Mexican) but, then I wanted a plate of noodles...LOL when does that ever happen if you're not at a buffet.  We ended up getting 5 Bul-gogi (Beef) tacos and a rice plate with Daeji-gogi (pork).  We were going to order more but the owner recommended that we didn't even though she could of just let us order.  And she was right, the quantity was more than enough!  On to the quality...the Bul-gogi tacos were filled with green and brown onions, pico de gallo, cilantro, lettuce and your choice of sauce.  They brought a smile to my face.  Also, the Daeji-gogi was so delicious!  For me I have to have KimChi on the side as a pickled garnish.  Anyhow, after finishing our delicious Korean/Mexican meal we ended our visit with a sliced orange and fortune cookies for desert.  The only thing that I had an issue with was the location.  I just wish this place was a little closer and they would definitely have a regular customer.  My brother is coming to town at the end of the month and I love trying to impress him with food spots they don't have back in Chicago.  This is one of the hole in the wall places that will definitely make an awesome impression on his taste buds.
5	I usually don't do yelp reviews but this new husband & wife business deserves a great review. There's been a lot of comparison to the LA Kogi tacos so I had to try this new spot out... it looks like just another ma&pa place from the outside. We were greeted by the wife. She served us complimentary chips & salsa. By other reviews, we already knew what we wanted to order: bulgogi burrito and bulgogi & daejigogi tacos. Nowadays, everyone knows how the value of a dollar is slowly going down. And that is why the food was incredibly cheap!! $5 for the burrito and $1.29 for a taco!! WOW... we definitely got our money's worth! Quality of the food was great! the meat was marinated very well and tender. And they also give you the option of the kimchi on the side (as it maybe overbearing for others) or in the food itself. The portion of the food was huge but I still managed to eat it all!! yea.. it was that delicious!! Later, the husband served us complimentary pork skewers! OMG! More tasty food and free?? Don't mind if I do. And when they presented our check, they gave more complimentary food: peeled & sliced oranges. The total for 2 people was only $17.. included 2 sodas, 2 huge burritos and 4 tacos. Seriously, we probably ate $30 worth of food!We usually don't meet a lot of restaurant owners. The wife, Linda, was very nice and personable. She told us the history on how they opened up the place and asked where we were from.  And, by the time we left, she greeted us by our first names. I am definitely returning back this week!! they've got us locked in!
5	I assume that if you're reading this, you're debating whether or not to come here. Stop reading and drive to KoMex right now. It's that awesome.First, I'd just like to say that the idea of Korean and Mexican fusion seemed strange to me. But then I came here and learned the error of my ways. The food is great. Hands down. I had beef tacos and chicken tacos, which were amazing. The sauce/dressing on the tacos? Amazing. The hot sauce they gave me? Also amazing. And really well-prepared, too. These tacos were not skimpy! I also ordered the chicken teriyaki for my brother, and he loved it. For $4.99, you get a lot of food in that plate. It's really stacked, and is probably large enough that you might have some left over for later. I also ordered an order of regular fries and seasoned fries. Both were amazing, though they waited to be consumed at a later time as the tacos and teri were more than enough. Also, the nice (and cute!) girl working the front counter brought me chips and salsa while I waited for my food, which was an unexpected plus. It was great. All in all, I love this place. The food was great, the prices were fair, and the amount of food was awesome. You cannot beat that combination! No way!Not only will I return to KoMex, but you can bet I'll be bringing people, too!
4	I love LA's Kogi truck and have been going through withdrawals looking for something comparable in Las Vegas.  Well, that search is finally over because KoMex's fusion tacos has filled that void.  And it's even better because it isn't on wheels and it is much cheaper. My husband and I ordered the beef, pork, and chicken fusion tacos and they were surprisingly very filling because the corn tortilla was exploding with marinated meat goodness.  I also ordered the fusion bulgogi burrito and upon first bite, it reminded me of late drunken nights and midnight runs to Jose Bernstein's in Westwood.  Although KoMex serves the kimchi on the side instead of inside the burrito like I am used to- it was a burst of  flavors that melded so perfectly well.  Who knew that Mexican rice, bulgogi, cilantro, onions, pico de gallo, lettuce, and asian sauce nestled inside a flour tortilla would be a match made in heaven.  The wait for our food was quite long (but at least we had a basket of chips and salsa to avert the grumpiness induced by hunger pains).  We placed our order "to-go", but we learned our lesson and will call in our order in advance next time...and there will DEFINITELY be a next time. Besides, I must try the chinese food on the menu too!
5	Sooooooooooooooooo damn good!  I had the fusion bulgogi tacos in lettuce wrap, carne asada tacos, and kim chi fried rice w/ spam.  Yes! I ate all that.  The salsas were yummy too!  I will most certainly be returning!  My only head up is if you can, is that food is made to order, so some entrees take a little longer.  *cough Kim chi fried rice
5	The food is amazing!!! The staff is wonderful!!!!
5	For the price (or for a price that is twice as much as the prices in this place) you WILL NOT find better food...anywhere.  I bought $20 worth of food from here for me and my wife and I'm pretty sure I will be subsisting off of it for the next 3 days (I have gargantuan appetite).  My first reaction when I saw this place on Yelp was (1) what a crappy part of town; and (2) NO REALLY what a crappy part of town this can't possibly be that good.  I was wrong.  Even when you first walk into the restaurant the building and decorations look like some budget Chinese place that chops up cats in the back alley.  In reality this hands down the best Korean Tacos in town and some of the best food period I've had in Vegas.  If you have $5 and are REALLY hungry go here, because you will get a pile of some of the best food around.
5	I am with everyone on this. What this place lacks in nice atmosphere (it is a little dive cafe with a few booths & a couple of tables) they make up for in great food & cheap prices. I came during lunch & had the Korean beef (bulgogi) burrito & it was large, to start, but full of flavor. For a burrito that size, it was more than worth the 4.99 price. They also included chips, salsa, & guacamole at no additional charge! Your drink options are from the fridge so no refill on fountain but not missed. I would definitely come back again & again to try the other menu items.
5	I was a little leery trying this place - the former tenant, El Burrito, was one of Papa D and my favorite lunch haunts. We also happen to live in the hood, (or should I say barrio?) so I figured sooner or later we'd drop in to check it out.I'm sooo glad we tried this place - def my new favorite place for yummy yet cheap food! I ordered two dak-gogi (chicken) fusion tacos ($1.29 ea) and Papa D ordered three fusion tacos, one of each: bul-gogi (beef) dak-gogi (chicken) and daeji-gogi (pork). Throw in a mexican coke ( ahhhh the sweetness!) and our total bill was just a lil over $9.00. Three salsas were brought to the table: one Chinese, one Korean and one Mexican. Did I mention they threw a basket of chips & salsa on the table? Oh and let's not forget the orange and fortune cookie afterwards, and we were happily satisfied. All this for less than $10!!!
5	August 12, 2011This is fusion food to the max!Pros:  +  awesome combination of multiple ethnic cusines  +  friendly service  +  complimentary chips , dip + homemade guacamole  +  good pricesCons:  -  no refills -  parking plaza is tight... making parking a pain.Overall:  A must try for those who want to try something different  Bulgogi Burrito... like seriously !!!!  It's pretty intense on the tongue.  They even bring you sauces where you can choose to top off your food with a mexican style or korean style sauce.  There's a third sauce, but I forget what it was ha.  I came here with my girlfriend and we ended up ordering the Bulgogi Burrito, fish tacos, a couple drinks, and chow mein to go (for lunch at work).  Everything I ordered was really good.  The burrito was huge and exploding with flavor.  If you like Korean and Mexican food, this is the perfect place for you.  Aside from blending Korean and Mexican, they managed to squeeze other cultures into the mix.  They've got Chow Mein, Burgers, Boba, and Chicken Wings on the menu as well.  Unfortunately, there are no free refills, but no biggie.  The fish tacos looked amazing.  You can see the quality  in the chunks of fish that was in the taco.  It was a bit too salty for my taste, but really good nonetheless.  The complimentary chips / guac/ salsa was a nice touch.  The chips were a bit soft (it would have been perfect if they cooked it a minute longer), but were very satisfying.  When lunch time came around, I opened my to-go container only to find a over-flowing heap of chow mein waiting for.  It wasn't my favorite item from what we had ordered, but there quantity was very generous (it wasn't bad, but no match for the Bulgogi Burrito).  Tips: *  when headed north on Decatur (from 95), it's on your left side across the street from the Ford Dealership in a plaza.  I mention this because I drove right past it the first time.*  Try the Bulgogi Burrito or taco for sure.  I didn't try the taco personally, but I'm assuming it's just as good as the burrito.* Order the chips well done and it'll be perfect!*  Come hungry... the portions are generous for the price.
3	We went there to try out based on yelp reviews...sorry to say  it just OK for me. My son loves their enchiladas... me and my husband had chow fun and stir fry beef  which is kinda no taste.  Don't get me wrong they give you pretty large portions with super cheap price you can't go wrong with it. But if you ever had tasty food elsewhere this is not going to be please your taste buds.Really good customer service, super cheap on my $$ deserve 3 stars for me.And BTW parking plaza was empty when we went there.
5	This is probably some of the best fusion food i have ever had.I will start by saying that i was skeptical at first about Korean and Mexican cuisine mingling together in one dish. It just seemed like an if-y kind of idea to me; but after my first bite into a chicken fusion burrito my mind was completely made up and my taste buds were in awe.The chips are made by order so they are nice and fresh when they get to your table. (ASK FOR THE GUACAMOLE! IT'S INCREDIBLE)I have enjoyed the spam mousabi, chicken fusion burrito, the chicken fusion tacos (my boyfriend and his friend absolutely love the fish and shrimp tacos). I am a complete fan of any fusion item on the menu. BUT....I am not a fan of the Mexican burrito and the carne asada fries aren't that good either.BUT DON'T LET THAT STOP YOU!the food is truly amazing as well as the owners and the people that work in there. the food is beyond reasonably priced and there is no reason why you shouldn't go there RIGHT NOW!go go go!
5	I can't say anything different about this gem.  Most of the reviews for KoMex are 5* for a reason.  It's a great little mom-and-pop place for well-executed fusion comfort food.  It's NOT a fine dining establishment!  Upon entering, I thought that it was like walking into one of my childhood friend's kitchens (and yes, an Asian childhood friend!).  Decor is on the spartan side (minimalist?) but everything else -- staff, food, etc. -- is full of personality.  We were greeted warmly and given menus right away.  Our tacos and burrito were fabulous, full of warm marinated bulgogi and fresh veggies.  The sauces were wonderful.  The FREE chips and guac/salsa were great and a total surprise.  We got a cheery "thank you and have a good night!" upon leaving.  So cute.We'll be back.  We live in the NW part of town, so that's sayin' something.
5	This place is great !! The food is excellent  and their prices are good. I had the shrimp tacos , the korean taco (beef) and the mexican sope (carnitas).  A must try is their chinese style spicy salsa !  I wanted to take some home it was so good !  Will definitely be coming back !
5	These $1.29 tacos of love are a must try.  They have a variety of options such as asada bulgogi and pastor(pork).  I tried the bulgogi and pastor which both were devoured within 2 min.  We also ordered the wings and fries and trust me, they dont not give you those skimpy little buffalo wild wings or wingstop peices of crap.  These wings here aren't massive but the perfect size and fried to sexellent perfection.  I don't know why but something about good chicken wings always turns me on kekekeCUSTOMER SERVICE IS GREAT HERE. BEST SERVICE EVERRRR
5	My overall experience at this restaurant was fantastic. I had the Bulgogi Burrito and it was phenomenal. Great tasting, fresh ingredients. The customer service was above-and-beyond what I have experienced from other restaurants. Very attentive and friendly. Also, the staff mentioned the possibility of another satellite location opening on the south end of town. Yes!
5	Delicious!Finally had the opportunity to try KoMex. The reviews are correct: the food is awesome. I think this a great lunch place. The location is not in a very good part of town, which probably explains why KoMex is only open until 8pm.It really is a hole-in-the-wall spot. Definitely order the FUSION burrito. I personally like the daeji-kogi (daeji= pig) with the kimchi also inside the burrito. Everything is fresh and the free chips/guac/sauce they give you are a perfect precursor to the giant burritos.For two people to leave completely stuffed our total bill was $10 and change! We ended up leaving them $16 just because we felt guilty that it was so cheap.Definitely try KoMex! :)
5	Added 9/7/11; We went again last friday and the glass is clean and the trash picked up! So definately 5 stars from me. Also, when the wife found out that I went with 4 stars she threatened to leave me, " You leave the toilet looking the way you do and you give them 4 stars for smudged windows and some weeds?" I stand corrected.Okay, right off the top I want it to be known that as far as the food is concerned, 5 stars would not be enough. But...... I have to knock off a star for the look of the joint. You gotta invest in some glass cleaner! Also, you guys gotta get on the property management to clean that strip mall up a bit; pull some weeds, pick up some trash.Back to the food........Incredible! 5 stars all the way. I had the bulgogi burrito w/ kimchi and an order of musubi. My wife had two fusion tacos, one beef one chicken. Burritos have been one of my favorite foods for a long time and this place has just added the exclamation point! Sweet, spicy, rich, moist with just the right amount of beans and rice. HEAVEN IN YOUR HAND!  The musubi were large and the spam was perfectly grilled. Mmmmmm spam........ the other, other white meat.  My wife got the tacos on the lettuce wrap thingies, which she enjoyed a ton. Next time I'll get a couple on regular tortillas. I can't wait.  Price wise, everything was cheap cheap cheap. That may be due to the location and the aforementioned property management deficiencies. I guess if a trade needs to be made for such cheap yet delicious food, I can put up with the streaky windows, the dead weeds in the planters and the "American Beauty" trash tornado swirling around outside the door.  Thanks Komex, we'll be back again and again.  Oh yeah, services was great! As were the chips and salsa. Nice touch with the orange and fortune cookies at the end.
5	I was skeptical.  The service was admittedly slow and kinda... disinterested.  But the food was soooo good.  The price is right as well.  Wish they had one near me.  Or maybe it's a good thing they don't.
5	Another local gem. It may not look like much from the outside -- a small shop in a rundown old stripmall off of Decatur -- but inside you'll find some of the best fusion tacos and other great food at a modest price.This place is all about the food. Both Korean-Mexican fusion tacos ($1.29 ea.) I tried were amazing. The pork and beef in each was a wonderful blend of sweet, sour, and spicy flavors. The tacos were generously topped with their respective protein, along with cabbage, tomatoes, and cilantro.The pastor sope ($2.59) was a sizable portion of pork over beans and a light, crispy corn base and topped with lettuce and cotija cheese. The pork was excellent, without being too spicy.The hand-made pork wontons ($1) came four to an order. All were crispy and delicious -- as good as any fried wontons around.The bulgogi fusion burrito ($4.99) is big and delicious. It's stuffed with the same delicious beef as the tacos, along with Mexican rice, onions, pico de gallo, cilantro, and lettuce. There's no doubt this is the best burrito I've had.The weakest dish I've had was the orange chicken ($3.49 for a half order). While the quality of the chicken was great, it lacked the punch in flavor that the other food had.On my first visit I was given chips and fresh guacamole after ordering. On my second visit no chips -- they were busy so maybe they just forgot. And to finish the meal they deliver orange slices and fortune cookies. Everything may seem like an odd combination, but it all works because it's all delicious.
5	I am a California resident. I just happen to be in Vegas for the weekend. I yelped this place on my android phone since i was staying at the Palms on Las Vegas Blvd. I was surprised by the 5 star rating on this mexican and korean fusion restaurant.The people were friendly and helpful.The Bulgogi Burrito is my favorite and its only about 6 bucks. Its by far the best fusion korean and mexican burrito i've ever tasted. I've had them all in LA but nothing compares to this one...!!!
5	On another treasure hunt and I found GOLD in KoMex! The concept is awesome...Korean infused meats / seasonings in Mexican based dishes like tacos ext. AWESOME!First of all, the food is amazing and the prices are ridiculous. We fed 4 of us to our max for under $20 dollars. WHAT!When you walk in to this non-assuming restaurant you are quickly greeted by the staff. This is a family owned place and you can tell they really appreciate your business...which I LOVE. We were given the yummiest free chips and salsa and GUACAMOLE! Yeah, I said it...complimentary GUACAMOLE. Who does that?? It was awesome. I almost cried I was so happy.We tried everything...LOL..Ok, well we had one of each of the fusion tacos (only $1.29 each - very good investment, return is amazing!) We also shared a burrito that was the size of my face...and I have a big head. It was sooo good. They also finish your meal with a complimentary orange already pre-sliced....Love that too.The only downer now is that every time I go to a Mexican place I am looking for the Korean meats. I am forever ruined.Price plus great food and great service earns this place in my top eats. I see Mo-Mex in Ko-Mex in my future. (translation - I will be eating here again)
5	We were in Las Vegas for a mini-vacation and took a chance at KoMex. It was WONDERFUL...inexpensive and the service was WONDERFUL. My husband loved the carne asada. The beans are great and the guacamole is amazing. This will definitely be a place we will continue to visit whenever we're in town!
4	Gosh, after hearing and reading so many great reviews about Komex, we decided to stop by for lunch after 90 mins of pilates/yoga. It was quite a distance(22+ mins) and in the hood, but was worthed. We were quite excited to see on the item of the week board "4 tacos for $5, fusion/Mexican".  This is a great deal to sample different tacos. My friend, Patty, and I each got the- bulgogi: this taco reigned supreme by Patty and I.  Unique and delish. We put the Chinese hot sauce/salsa on this baby and got ourselves a flavorful and tantalizing heaping of greatness. -asada: top this off with the Mexican salsa...good, but My taste bud could not forget the bulgogi- carnita: oh how the pork was kinda crispy...I forgot about the bulgogi taco for a nano-second-pollo:  I was full when I came to this taco. So I tried a piece of the chicken. Can't stack this up against the aforementioned three. Earl finished this taco for me.We also tried the spam musubi. Portion was big. Was alright. I had a taste of the bulgogi burrito and it was very yummy with the Kim chi in it. Like what every other yelpers have mentioned, the burrito is gianormous.  It has value written all over it. Additionally, the Kim chi was super delicious. There isn't much decor and the seats were not the most comfy seats, but after eating the food, I forgot about it. We really wanted to try the pork taco on the fusion but they ran out of it. Boo. I was really excited to try that one too. Has to be for next time then.
5	Seriously - run, don't walk, to get some insanely good fusion tacos at KoMex!Don't be scared of the hood it's in, or the strip mall location, and don't be put off by the lack of decor or a/c - just go in, grab a seat, and get ready for insane flavor delerium!Worth it for the free freshly made guacamole & freshly fried chips alone (dude - I wanted a vat of that guac to take with me), but it gets so much better!I had four of the best freakin' tacos I've ever had for $5. FIVE BUCKS! Completely worth it, totally delicious, and super, super fresh & tasty. These people know exactly what they're doing.PS - you HAVE to get the in-house made hot sauce for the table, too - you will not be sorry!
5	How does this place stay in business - seriously?!I went with a party of 3 and we shared 9.......i repeat......NINE tacos and a chicken chow fun for less than what you woud pay for fast food.  With tax, less than 15 bucks.  INSANE value!We ordered 3 of the bulgogi (beef), dakgogi (chicken), and daejigogi (pork) tacos.  The beef was by far the best but they were all very tasty.  Be sure to dip in the Mexican, Korean, and Chinese hot sauces.  The chicken chow fun is not the flat rice noodle but reminds me more of lo-mein but with much more texture.  It had the perfect bite and if there were a food competition, I would tear that sh1z up!This place is awesome - they serve you bottled water (Fo Free), chips and salsa and guac , and bring out fresh oranges, and fortune cookies all for free.  I've had better chips but with all the freebies, quality of the food, and service I can't really complain.The service was impeccable as the owner stopped by to ask about out experience.This isn't Kogi but it's pretty damm good and you won't have to drive to LA and fight the traffic.  This place does well because it serves crack addictive food for a fraction of the price while delivering great service.  This place will thrive on their loyal customer.  Definitely check them out!****SPOILER ALERT *****if you haven't heard, they are exploring expansion in the SW....will be by Blue Diamond/  Fort Apache.   She also mentioned maybe another location so be on the look out.
5	Wow!!!Yelpers are right! This place is good.We flew into Vegas from Atl and this place is quite close to the airport, about a 15 minute drive.And the food is so good!We had the fusion tacos in all three flavors.My dad liked the Korean hot sauce cuz it's sweet.But I liked the Chinese hot sauce, so many layers of flavor.The hostess was very sweet and amiable and the owner came out to talk to us and tell us about how Komex came to be and how they've been growing in large part thanks to Yelp.
5	We found this place by doing a Yelp search for 5 stars and $.  Wow. This place is THE place to go if you're in the Vegas area. Super yum.  We had the fusion tacos and they were insanely yummy.  The guac and chips were fantastic as well as the house made hot sauce.  The service was great too.  Love it.  Will be back when we visit Vegas again. Oh, and we loved the little sliced orange at the end!
5	We ate like Kings (or Pigs?) in Vegas and this was probably one of, if not THE favorite of the weekend.  And it was the absolute cheapest - score!Its a tiny sit-down restaurant and for lunch they have a full menu, combined with a quick menu. We ordered chicken and beef tacos with kimchee and a beef burrito (they were out of pork the day we were there).After we ordered, they delivered complimentary homemade chips, salsa, and guacamole to the table.  Their 'tap' water is individual bottled water and we got a can of soda (living it up - since we stopped drinking soda almost 2 years ago).  The tacos were very good - the beef being a bit better than the chicken. I really wish we could have tried the pork.  The burrito was huge and had tons of mexican rice, lettuce, and maybe even cheese. We filled up our burritos/tacos with some of the spicy sauces they brought to our table.When we got our bill, we nearly fell over - it was just under $11.  We nearly died - so cheap for so much good food!
5	I had a bul-gogi burrito with a chicken fusion taco. Everything was amazing. The thinly sliced beef was absolutely delicious. Loved the chicken on the fresh corn tortillas. i was also served complimentary chips and salsa and guac, which was awesome and unexpected. I all this... plus a bottle of water for 6.48. Unreal. Go here. You will not be disappointed.
5	Amazing!! Had the pork fusion burrito which is huge and fusion beef taco, chips n salsa, the wife had two tacos and a sope, and 2 bottled beverages for under 18 bucks. The value is just part of it, the flavor is outta this world.
5	I am convinced that they put crack in the tacos along with the rest of the food. This place is the Bomb! Its a small Mom-Pop style of operation so the service can be slower depending on the crowd size but it is worth the wait. The price is right plus they give out free chips and guac while you wait. Try the kimchee fried rice with spam and you won't be disappointed. The attention to service is top notch even though the Korean lady is running circles trying to get everything out. Great combination serving Korean-Mex tacos. Who would have thought this pairing is outstanding?I'll be back, unless I go to treatment...Haaa
4	Unbelievably delicious Mexican-Korean fusion at ridiculously low prices more than makes up for the lack of atmosphere and the slow, inattentive service. Try for takeout!
5	Yet another 5 star review. Its in a little bit of a rougher area, but not that terrible. The food is AMAZING!!!! Portions large enough to share.  The prices are almost criminal!!! It is insanely cheap. And when u order water, they give u bottled water, no charge. You also get free chips with salsa and guac. The owners are so sweet! We actually ended up bragging about  komex to some friends who are locals. They promised to go, as should you!
5	this is a MUST go to when I go back to vegas with a rental car.1) place is a hole in the wall2) the (korean) young woman was so nice. just like someone you could introduce to your buddy to hook up with nice....3) the bulgogi burrito is huge. I split it with my women. yeah I know.. i'm fat enough4) they busted out with free chips, salsa, and guaco dip. say whaaaathen came out the asian sliced orange all from a hole in the wall.They didn't have the spicy pork my wife wanted but they had a 4 taco for $5 i think... will for sure come back out there.
2	I expected more from this place. Not worth the trip if you're on the strip.
4	This is the kind of place that Yelp is made for.  It's a hole in the wall that is faaarrr from the Strip.  I don't even know what part of town I was in.  Thank goodness for GPS.  It's located in a tiny strip mall and is simply furnished.  There was one asian woman running all the tables, and she did a great job considering the steady stream of customers.  We ordered the pork and beef taco for about $1 each.  Incredible how much they gave you for that amount of money.  I was pretty sated with my two tacos, but I whipped my wimpy appetite into submission and downed half a chicken burrito and 1/3 of the kim chi fried rice rec'd by all you Yelpers.  They were both good, and even tastier with the hot sauce (salsa?  kim chi?  kim chi salsa??).  (There were 3 sauces on the condiment basket...I think the other were regular asian chili sauce and something with a hint of sweetness...iunno.  the salsa was my favorite).  I enjoyed the food enough, but am not sure if I'd go out of my way to return here when there are so many other places to try out in Vegas.
3	I have been waiting for a slow day at work to make the trip for lunch as this place is not close to the office at all. I was hoping it would be worth the efforts to go this far as the reviews were all so positive. Hole in the wall location kind of tucked in a small commercial center so pay attention when your driving by, currently there is a burnt down Jack n the Box as a landmark right across the street so use that as a landmark for the mean time. Walking in the place is small, not air conditioned and just kind of meh but given its location i dont expect to be walking into anything super posh either. I have eaten here now twice with the first time having the tacos 2 beef and 1 chicken both the Korean style offerings and they were good but nothing super spectacular in terms of flavor coming from the meat. The flavor of these tacos came from the kimchee and slaw more so than from the meat. With the special being 3 tacos for $5 i figured its not a bad offering. The return trip i made i picked up a bulkogi (beef) burrito for the $5 and i was more impressed with that as i think the addition of more meat and less filler product you were able to take the flavor of the meat more which was not bad at all but again nothing spectacular to tell mother about but it was better than the tacos in my opinion. I do like the fact that they offer you bottled water at no extra cost that was a very nice surprise, and the sliced orange after your meal was a nice touch as well. All in all for $5 meals its certainly a place i would go back to if i was in the area but i wouldnt go terribly out of my way to come back to.
5	After reading all the great reviews about this place, we had to come here with our rental car on our Vegas trip... and I'm so glad we did!I got the daeji-gogi (bulgogi-style pork) burrito with kimchi, and boyfriend got the same but with classic bulgogi. We also shared some fried beef and pork-stuffed wontons (4 small ones for $1!) and complimentary chips, salsa, and guacamole.I preferred the beef, but both burritos were OUT OF THIS WORLD and we were only able to finish about half each. (We happily saved them in foil and had them as a pre-airport snack later that afternoon.) The service was super friendly, personal, and fast. It had a very family-owned feel, and the menu noted the favorite dishes of their most frequent regulars. I so wish we had something like this in my hometown!
5	Awesome food at even more amazing prices.I was in vegas and had searched some of the good places to try and Komex came up. I took my parents and we drove over. We each ordered a bulgogi burrito. we also tried a pork taco and a bulgogi taco. I have had korean fusion before, but this was even better. The food does take a while to come out, but its worth the wait. Oh and while you are waiting for your food-they serve homemade chips  with guac and salsa- delish! totally worth the drive from the strip. total meal for 4 of us was under $30 wtih tax-- yay! oh and they serve bottled water instead of tap as part of your meal- so nice!Love you Komex
4	I'm not sure this place is worth a trip off the strip if you're visiting.  The idea is novel and sounds great - but the meal was just ok - and with so many great deals and choices around town - it's hard to justify going out of your way to try this place.  I actually have a regular korean-mexican spot that I love - and it blows this place away.  The staff is super friendly here tho - and that alone deserves an extra star.
5	We didn't know where to eat in Vegas (I know there are so many places to eat), and my brother-in-law suggested this place. A little drive from the strip but WOW was it worth it.We started off with the wonton style tortilla chips. These aren't your normal tortilla chips, but they come with salsa and guacamole. Our party ordered bulgogi burritos, bulgogi tacos and chicken chow fun. All were amazing. The bulgogi burritos are a MUST! The bulgogi is cooked well and is complemented nicely with the sweet and hot sauce. Kristina ordered the bulgogi tacos and they were better than any bulgogi tacos that we've had. Make sure to try the bulgogi if you go. You won't regret it.The biggest plus of this place is the PRICE! For 4 plates our dinner was under $30!!!!! Yeah, $30 big ones and we were all stuffed after. Totally worth the drive from the strip but be forewarned, this place is small. The staff is extremely friendly and kept checking up on us throughout our meal. 5 stars all around!
5	Yummy, yummy, yummy I got bulgogi in my tummy!This place is all aces!  Yeah, yeah it looks like a lil' hole in the wall...but the flavor's all good here!  No fancy decor or gimmicky tricks, just some delicious Korean and Mexican fusion eats!  Who knew it would work out so well?!Brit and her Mom are super nice folks and great hosts.  Whenever we eat there we get treated with chips with house salsa and sometimes free guacamole too!  Good way to get the appetite going, cause it's a bit of a roller coaster.  Taking a trip to flavor town!I always, always get a fusion burrito here...consider it one of Komex's signature items.  My fav is the fusion bulgogi  burrito ($4.99) loaded with everything.  Marinated beef, Mexican rice, green and brown onions, fresh pico, cilantro, lettuce, their Asian sauce, and kim chee!  Yes, I loves mine with kim chee!  Oh nom nom nom!  I can eat this bad boy up, lots of popping flavors...the sweet, the salty, the cool, the hot...it's all on point for me.  I love it even more with the house made pico mixed with the Korean hot sauce!  Spicy!  I really should only be eating half this burrito at a sitting, but I usually can't help myself and end up finishing the whole thing.  Hi, my name is Chris...and yes, I am an oinker.Komex's fusion tacos ($1.29) are great as well.  You can choose from bulgogi (beef), dakgogi (chicken), or daejigogi (pork).  All are great in my opinion.  How do I know?  I tried each of them!  Three of these tacos with an ice cold Corona or San Miguel and you are set.  Good eats!Komex also does Mexican food and Asian food as well, and they do it great.  Burritos, tacos, carne asada, enchiladas, taquitos, quesadillas, tortas, just about everything at your local carniceria.  And don't forget the Asian food!  Beef and Broccoli, chow fun (another one of my favs...so oily good!),  Mongolian Beef, orange chicken, kim chee fried rice, egg foo young, stir fry, so many choices!  They even do chicken wings, burgers, and sliders!  And can you believe it...nothing on the menu is over $8!  Fantastical!  Eatin' wealthy on the cheap!  That's what I'm talkin' about...Willis.If you don't see something on the menu at Komex that's Asian or Mexican, just ask!  They will usually whip up something for you that will fit the bill.  Now that's customer service!  The owners of Komex will keep you happy, keep you full, and keep you coming back for more.  The food there is great for the small amount of scratch you gotta give up.  Totally worth all those pennies you save up.  Take your taste buds over there soon, you will be pleasantly surprised!
3	awesome idea! i love all the options it presents. ive been here a few times, and its one of my favorites of vegas so far. most of the stuff ive tried has been good (sadly not everything though) i would advise staying more towards there mexican stuff since i havent had a bad mexican dish. (the asian dishes have been hit or miss). the chips at the beginning are worth the trip alone (there awesome!) will def be going back many more times.
5	WOW!!! I ABSOLUTLEY LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I have to admit when i saw the way it looked i was skeptical but man when they say don't judge a book by its cover this is defiintely on e of those places! AMAZING! The food was just awesome i had the fusion burrito that was gigantic for the price! It took me 3 sittings to finish that burrito! My husband had Bugogi and wow he was ready for seconds and even thirds the next day! i am so glad that it is close enough to if he wants Korean and i want Mexican all we have to do is go to KoMex!
5	Love love love this place...best tacos I've ever had. I had the bulgogi tacos.The kimchi makes the tacos taste out of this world. We also had the chow fun...yummy. Free chips/Guacamole and bottled water. And it's super super cheap. Can feed a family for 20...can't even do fast food for that price. The staff is nice.. can't wait for them to open another store.
5	I'll give this place A+++++
5	Went here last night for another KoMex fix and ordered the bulgogi (beef) and pulled pork sliders.  Holy cow, the sliders were fabulous!  The bulgogi was also wonderful and when paired with some kimchi = :) to the nth power.  Go.  And leave a big ol' tip because even with a big ol' tip, you'll still marvel at the ridiculously cheap cheque.  Last night's dinner: free chips and guac/salsa, free bottled water, bulgogi beef plate, 3 pulled pork sliders, a side of (free) kimchi, free orange slices and fortune cookies = $12.95.  Sick.  We gave them a 50% tip and it STILL came well under $20.
5	After reading some of the reviews, I had to try it! I haven't had too many 'fusion' type meals and so what better place to have it then somewhere Yelpers are constantly raving about!!After a couple U-Turns, finally spotted the place.. I would of never noticed this place, probably even if I passed by everyday..Came with chips, salsa and a guacamole dip: Chips were extra crispy/thick and kinda sweet. Salsa was ok and guac tasted pretty fresh.Bul-Gogi (beef) taco: The beef tender, juicy and lots of flavor! Topped with Cabbage, tomato, cilantro, green onions.. Basically what you find in a typical mexican street taco.. All on a corn tortilla.  Daeji-Gogi (pork) taco: The pork, tasted even better than the beef! Wow, I never underestimate the magic of pork but I felt it was slightly tastier!! Same toppings and also on a corn tortilla* Both tacos were Excellent, they both had a slight distinct bitter bite to them probably from the cabbage and Both were Generously portioned (could probably split each one into 2 little ones by using 1 of the 2 corn tortillas per taco) Also, from the 3 hot sauce condiments (Chinese, Korean and Mexican), I prefered the Chinese hot sauce with either of the tacos (Warning - it definitely packed some heat!) I had Kimchi placed on the side and that was Delicious and another great addition to the tacos or even by itself.I was gonna order more tacos but I wanted to try something other than the obvious so  I went with:Pan Fried Fish: some type of white fish, filet on top of steamed white rice and "marinated soy sauce" This fish was sort of salty, smokey and just flaked right off. The sauce had that roasted sesame flavor and I believe was the key element of the dish. Poured the sauce all over the filet and every bite felt complete.. Great Strong Flavors and another Good Portioned dishUnsweetened Brewed Mango Passionfruit Decaffeinated Iced Tea: came with raw sugar and regular sugar packets. I prefer one regular sugar pack per full serving. Smooth and Refreshing! Orange: Another freebee, a half orange ornately sliced as a fancy looking little fruit dessert..Service felt very comfortable, Value was very wallet friendly in terms of quality and quantity, Atmosphere don't expect much.. But Who Cares! Come here to get a Great Tasting Budget Meal!
5	I'm a good honest man. I don't cheat. I don't lie. And I certainly don't steal. But KoMex makes me upset for making me feel like a thief! I'm actually upset that this place charges so little for the amount of quality food they serve. At the end of every meal, I get this guilty feeling like is this check a mistake? I can't buy this much happiness for so little. This place puts cheap fast food to shame. Try to spend $10 here for lunch and finish all the food they serve and you will understand. That's just speaking volume. Now as for the quality, my god! I can't even get my grass fed organic meat to taste this great. The other reason for the 5 stars, the Wontons! Fried or boiled. Unbelievable! 4 for a dollar is absurd. Now this is the definition of bang for your buck. Nothing in the universe can taste this good, per bite per $0.25 period.
5	Wow!!!  What else can I say, the flavor and value of the food is unreal.  Careful during the lunch rush though.  It can get pretty packed in there.  It shows how good the food is.
5	AMAZING.....This is the word I have to use for this place. I love Korean BBQ and I was amazed to see that they came up with this fusion concept to have taco's with Korean BBQ. And the price was cherry on the top...
5	After reading the good reviews, my sister, kids & I decided to try this restaurant out. We were welcomed w/ a friendly greeting upon entering & seated right away. As everyone mentioned, the food was great & the portions were huge. The burritos were like whoa! Loved all the tacos. The chicken tacos were my favorite. Everything seemed so fresh from the chips to the salsa. I loved the flavors of all the sauces. My kids loved the chicken taquitos. One time, I ordered the kimchi fried rice w/ an egg & I had leftovers for days. It's freak'n huge! The service is excellent. They made sure our fresh chips fresh guac & fresh salsa was filled. I appreciated the fact that they sell the cold glass bottled soda beverages that use pure cane sugar instead of the corn syrup crap out there. It's also nice that they have different kinds of food options. American, Mexican, Asian or Fusion. It's great because my oldest son isn't too fond of the Asian flavors but he likes Mexican & American & my youngest loves the Asian flavors. So w/ their menu being so versatile, really helped make the our decisions easier for the whole family. The whole meal was an amazing value for us. Great food, great service & unbeatable prices. What more can u ask for? I can't wait to go back & get some more of those delicious chicken tacos. In fact, I can't wait until they have a location closer to my side of town in the southwest.
5	Paid a visit to Las Vegas and searched for Mexican food and this place was in the results. Then I filtered by rating and this place went to the top. Wow, lots of 5 star ratings so I just HAD to go down and see if the food was REALLY that good or did they just have 88 friends that put down great reviews for them. Well the answer is, the food is REALLY that good and now they have a NEW friend  (89th) to put down a great review for them. I don't think I can add anything to the reviews that hasn't already been said regarding how GREAT the food is so I wont bother to reiterate. But I will say this....I DON'T KNOW how these people make any money! The FOOD is SO good, and the portions are SO HUGE and the PRICES are SO CHEAP, I just could not compute how they do it. I even hinted  that the GIGANTIC 4.99 burrito that was STUFFED with tons of meat would cost at LEAST 8 or 9 dollars where I'm from. Hell a Chipotle burrito with sour cream and guacamole is around 8 bucks and the food here is MUCH more worth the money and MUCH more flavorful. I would go here over Chipotle any day! So, bottom line, go there, get full, enjoy the flavors, and you will be very very pleased that you did.
4	I wanted to try Korean-Mexican fusion. Ordered me some taquitos, but instead of guac they added some creamy sauce over the top with a powdered cheese. It was delicious. For my meal I got the Dak-gogi(chicken) burrito. The portion was huge. Too much for me in one sitting. The place is family-owned. The staff was very friendly, so much so that their customers greeted me as I walked in. My first time there, but I already felt like a regular. I was so hungry, and I wanted to eat fast. The problem is that anything Mexican only takes 5 min to make. So if you wanted to eat any of the Asian side of the menu, the wait is 20min for your order. My plan for a return visit is to simply order ahead.
5	There is no better bang for your buck than Komex.  It is delicious and inexpensive.  It is the Korean fusion magic that they perform that makes it so amazing.  The wife and I have been many times and have never been dissatisfied.  To us, it is worth the over 10 mile drive.  The warmth of the owners/staff as well as the deliciousness of the food will keep us coming back again and again and again....
5	This is another bargain buy for the economically challenged.  For less than a value meal at the Jack in the Box that burnt down across the street, you can get a beef bulgolgi burrito, filled with beef, veggies, rice, etc, etc, etc and chips+salsa.  Seriously, I'm not a fat man, but I can pack away some comida.  You won't be disappointed.One thing that I loved was that the owners work the kitchen and are very nice and pleasant.  Some high school kid came in and asked to interview the owner for a research paper when I was there the other day.  The lady had no problems sitting down with the student to talk about the restaurant.  I thought that was really classy.All in all, this place boasts prices from the 1980's and enough food per serving to give anyone a lovely food baby.  I've made it a normal weekly eatery of mine.
5	We were three starving people driving into Las Vegas from LA and wanted something delicious to eat AWAY from The Strip. KoMex exceeded our expectations and I'm so happy we went!* I had two Fusion Tacos with Korean Beef and Kimchi. They were amazing and I could have had ten more.* My boyfriend had one Fusion Taco, (Chicken) with kimchi on the side and an Enchilada plate and could NOT stop talking about them after the fact.* Our friend had the orange chicken and loved it as well.* We also had chips guacamole and Salsa.Our Total was :::: $17.31 Where can you eat all that delicious food at such a good price?! KOMEX is a gem and I hope everyone goes and tries their delicious food.
4	This is a great hole in the wall place. The chicken fusion tacos were pretty amazing and so was the bulgogi burrito. We also had the yummy chips and salsa with guac. So good and so cheap, only spent about 10 bucks!
5	This restaurant is amazing! I've never had tacos wrapped in lettuce and let me tell you it was the best I ever had. This was such a refreshing dish lite and absolutely delicious! The service was awesome I can tell the owner and his wife really care. I would definitely come back here whenever I come to Vegas.
5	The owners, Linda and Sonny, are very nice. I have tried coming to this place so many times after work, but I always get there right around when they're closing. But closing time is also when you know whether the restaurant is legit or not because if the food is good at that hour, you know the chef cares and is not there hoping just to go home. Even when they're locking or have already locked their doors, they will open their doors for me.This is what I have experienced with Komex Fusion Express. The flags expressing "Chinese Food" by the sidewalk next to their driveway is a magnanimous understatement of their capabilities. Their offerings are much more, although I'm sure a crowd is drawn to Chinese and other Asian cuisines.If you haven't noticed yet, I only rate 4 or 5 star places, which is why I don't have too many reviews. Not too many things fall on my radar and I do not believe in ruining businesses. Now, to the food, which is what this is all about.This isn't fast food. Please do not be in a rush when coming here, although they do try to appease fast foodies with their own fried tortilla chips and in-house made salsa.Bulgogi Tacos: Small tortillas, which show they know the true size of tasty tacos, wrap around some awesome beef with pepper, salt, and some fresh cilantro with a wedge of lime to squeeze on the side. Kimchi should be requested. It's really delicious with the taco, and I'm not reminiscing about Kogi either. The price point is absolutely so low that you know they just want you to share the love of food with them and others.Won Ton Soup: Fresh thin won ton wrappers embrace tender beef in a broth that was made obviously with care and not monosodium glutamate. This pleased my palate in temperature, texture, and taste. A whole egg was swirled in like in egg drop soup. Freshness is worth waiting for.Fried Won Ton: The same delicious won ton, battered and deep fried. Frying anything tastes better, but frying something delicious tastes phenomenal.Bulgogi Fried Rice: I am an ultimate rice monger. I absolutely love rice. When I first saw the fried rice come out, the density of the brown color on the rice made me actually weary, but to my surprise, the rice must have been made with a sweet soy or a mushroom soy because it wasn't too salty, and the tastiness of the pepper, the eggs, the temperature and wok chi of the rice was a perfect blend, lending itself to be one of the best fried rices I have ever had in my 26 years of ricing.Sauces: Three sauces came out with the Bulgogi Fried Rice. There's a regular chili sauce, a Chinese chili sauce which has fresh cilantro, Sambal Oelek and some other peppers mixed in, and then there's the Mexican chili sauce, which I did not try, but I will be back for.
5	I made my way down here with my partner in crime.  Always when reviewing food you must have a partner in crime so, you can eat more food and therefore give a more accurate description of your opinion.If you go by yourself, you might not be comfortable eating alone and therefore can color your opinion and that would not be fair to the business or if you come with 6 people and they can't accommodate that can as well color your experience.  Two people or three tops is the magic number to come an accurate and fair opinion of a place.  The place was pretty ghetto.  I mean it wasn't even ghetto with a personality it was just straight up "hey, look an empty restaurant! let's open up right now."  But, I'm not reviewing a furniture store so, ignore it.  To the main course!I ordered their tacos with lettuce all of them (I'm on a no carb diet so, given up the bread and taken up lots of beans and meat)My partner ordered the bulgolgi burrito. We got chips and salsa and guacamole for free.Damn, those chips are good! my tacos were huge and everything was fresh. no complaint from me. the bulgogi burrito was hhuuuuugggeee.  It's something you have to pick up two hands to eat with.  I tasted the burrito a bit and the tortilla was nicely crisped.  The rice tasted fresh and not overly salted.  The meat was tender and the veggies in it was nice and crunchy.Overall, for the price and food it was a great experience.  They deserve five stars for shaming other restaurants for charging heinous prices for mediocre food! personally, I'd like to see more of the flavor fusion inside of the food.the condiments has a spicy korean paste that would have tasted good if it was inside the buritto.  spicy and cheesy is a great combination.Or a lime alioli with cilantro bits would have been a nice sauce. Sesame oil is great and would have stood out really well with all the different foods.  I honestly thought I was eating really good mexican food and it being fusion place just wanted the fusion part to come out to play more.It's just a personal opinion and don't flame me for it.  I am still perfectly happy and plan on going back cause the waitress there is the best part.She is so nice and kind and talked with me for moment and explained how their business came about and asked me how everything was.Really cool people and on my next cheat day I might try their ghetto ramen.  (it comes with hot links! whoop! whoop!)I
5	Very good food. Very good service. Very good on the wallet. Eat here at least once a week.
4	UPDATE:Man, I love the food at KoMex. Their bulgogi tacos are some of the best tacos I've ever had, their teriyaki chicken is awesome, and I still like the cute girl who works here .My problem now is that the wait is really long. I recently walked in to order a few tacos and stuff, and I waited almost 40 minutes. That's not cool. Still, I like it here. I'll just have to order my food ahead of time for my next trip.
5	I dont think i can put into words how much i enjoyed there food here! The bulgogi burrito w/kim chee was amazing. This place has such good prices and for the amount of food you receive you wont be disappointed but im sure youll be going back for more. The Korean musubi was another thing i was able to try and even that, such a simple dish but made with a twist, so ono! My co worker got the Mongolian beef stir fry with fried rice and the plate was also pretty huge and the taste was definitely a winner! Theres alot of free parking and its not hard to find. So next time your in the area definitely stop in at KoMex!!!
5	Dayamn! I love this place. The place was a little run down and there wasn't a lot of parking but damnit I didn't come here to stay over, I came here to eat! The lady that was taking my order was extremely nice and very attentive despite being the only one in the restaurant and having at least 6 other booths to deal with she was super amazing. As for the food, I had three tacos, chicken, beef, and pork, the kimchee fried rice (huge portion even for me) AND two spam and egg musubis. I know, I'm a fat kid but don't worry I burn it off in the mornings. The tacos were good, not memorable but still did the trick. The kimchee fried rice had spam in it and was so amazing, perfect amount of spiciness and small pieces of spam so you didn't get big chunks mixed in with your rice. If you're hungry order this, it could feed at least five people or two of me, either way it's a lot of rice. Also if you're sensitive to spiciness, then you should still order this but stop off at the store and grab some Tums. What I really gave this place extra points for is the spam musubi, wowsa this might be the best spam & egg musubi in the city so far. The rice and egg in the musubi tastes almost like a garlic-y fried rice and egg mixed in that grease and the seaweed holding it together doesn't fall apart after one bite. So perfect. Definitely a fan of this place but if you don't like spam and Korean food but only Mexican food you just might find this place as okay and then ask yourself why you went to a KoMex spot as opposed to just a Mex spot.
5	They ran out of stars here...just double clicked all of them - lol - the best food for a fair price. Even while on a diet..this is THE PLACE to eat some killer fusion!...and the waitress is super cute!!!
5	Great prices and great food!!! The meats are delicious and they have some creative ideas which made the food delicious and fun. The service was also excellent, our server (possibly the owner) was working hard tending to all of her tables and making sure everything was going good at our table, I was VERY impressed. Had a little trouble finding KoMex but its located in the small shopping center next to Winchells. Thanks KoMex, you have the key to sucess which is great food, great prices, and great service!
5	Thank God for my overly check-in happy, texts like a 14 year old (but in his 30's) friend. Without you and your 12,000,000,000,000 check-in's to every flipping place that you go to, we wouldn't have known about this place, this one was worth the Spam. Now, STOP IT!Not knowing what to expect, considering I've never really been in this particular part of town, we walked in, were greeted by the staff and we were seated right away. Feels like a Mom & Pop shop, love those! Fine dining is for the other word for CAT.I had a vegetarian taco in a wrapped in lettuce vs. the tortilla. And the hubs had a bunch of other things that I can't remember, let's just say, I wasn't as hungry as he was that night. My taco was UNbelievably flavorful. No, it's not Korean and it's Mexican, it's FUSION, so everyone expecting one or the other, wth is wrong with you? Look it up in the dictionary!  It's a freaking mixture of BOTH, some of you need to quit being angry and just enjoy the dang food because it's GOOD, stop lying.Staff was friendly. They were on top of drinks and checked up on us often. Haven't been back purely bc it's a bit too far from where we live, but we will be back, I think I'll have a craving soon...
4	I love this place because I don't have to compromise anymore when I want to eat Asian food. If my husband wants a burrito  or a hamburger I can say " Let's go to  KoMex!" The only bases they are missing from my husband's cravings are lasagna and pizza. I think those are pretty good odds! We were served chips, salsa and guacamole while we waited for our meal. I thought that was pretty cool because usually guacamole is extra at most restaurants. The guacamole was fresh and chunky.  I also had free won tons which were crisp with my Yelp check in offer. I ordered the Bulgogi Beef Plate (marinated beef) for $6.99. The beef was tender and flavorful. It came with a nice side of white rice. My husband had the Carne Asada burrito for $4.99 that comes with Spanish rice and beans. He said that he could tell the beef was a better quality than what they use at  Robertos because there was less fat . I'm glad we both enjoyed our meals. I like that the menu has a wide variety of choices, the food was yummy and the prices can't be beat!
1	I just don't get why everyone goes crazy for this place, we went here for lunch and I had hear a lot of good thing about this place so I was looking forward to it I order the Asada tacos, let me tell you, Meat had no flavor , salsa needed salt n pepper  big dissapoinment  Damn even the gas stations out here in California have better tasting tacos ,  I think this place should stick to eatheir Mexican or Korean and focus on the flavors.      Not worth your money. This place has nothing on tacos el gordo
5	Starts off you off with free unlimited chips that is served with guacamole and salsa.. Delicious! It is definitely worth the price of the tacos. I ordered the bulgogi, daegigogi, and the asada tacos. Definitely worth the price. Each taco was $1.29 and it was very delicious. After your meal they give you a half sliced orange as a dessert.   Their service was perfect, the food was excellent, and the price was incredibly low for what you get. I will definitely come back for more.
4	Say MexKoWhen I was a kid I saw this commercial where someone carrying a piece of chocolate fell into someone holding peanut butter, and peanut butter cups were discovered! Now, that's fusion! I don't know who fell into who here but mixing  Korean and Mexican did not have the same effect as the peanut butter cups for me. And don't get me wrong the food wasn't bad but I would rather have either Korean or Mexican, but not mixed, which they also serve. I did like the chips the salsa and the guacamole they were very tasty, and I would stop here just for that.Service was very good, very friendly and attentive. The place is small but kept clean. Oh! And the Korean lady taking my order and asking me how I wanted the food made, in Spanish! Now that's a bonus star! (Review went from three to four.) I will probably stop again  and try other items, Mexican or Korean but not mixed. For now, I'll just stick to my own Korean, Mexican fusion..... me and my Hyundai.
5	Finally made it out this way and brought my two brothers with me. This place is very laid back and the staff is friendly as well. All the items on the menu looked very good, I couldn't make up my mind with all the choices available! After about 10 minutes of hard thinking I ordered BBQ Pulled Pork Sliders and 2 beef tacos, 1 fusion the other Mexican. Before we received our food, we were served chips, salsa, and guacamole. This was the best guacamole I ever had, no joke! The salsa was very good as well, great start so far. The food arrived very quickly. First came my BBQ sliders. They come in 3's and consist of pulled BBQ pork with cole slaw on top between two toasted buns. The sliders were awesome. I ate them with ease and awaited my tacos. The tacos I ordered came with all the toppings and I even tried all the salsas provided with my Mexican beef taco. Once I found my favorite salsa, I used only that one for my fusion taco. Both were also very good, but I did like the fusion slightly better. Maybe it was the salsa I liked best??? The food my brothers order also looked very good. One ordered a beef fusion taco as well and the burrito. My other brother got an enchilada plate. I got a chance to try the burrito and enchiladas, both outstanding. I will definitely be back soon to try some items I didn't the first time around and more fusion tacos!
5	I can definitely see hubby and I coming here over and over again! We read all the great reviews on this place so that's why we decided to make the trip out here. Chips with salsa & guacamole was great! Their tacos were da bomb dot com :P Tried the bulgogi (beef) taco, Daeji-gogi (pork) taco, and pastor taco! All soooo yummy and cheap! Everyone should check this place out!!!
2	First, I didn't realize that the location was so far from our house. It was listed as a "deal nearby" even though it was over 25 minutes away. I am a huge fan of Kogi in California. I had the pleasure of eating Kogi at Coachella last year.So, I was thrilled that a Korean-Mexican fusion restaurant was here in Vegas. So, after driving forever, we arrived. The first thing I was greeted with was "we are closed and we didn't lock the doors. But if you order now, you can take it to go." Thanks to everyone's reviews I knew what to order.The bulgogi quesadilla was very greasy. The fried kimchee had a layer of grease floating on it. The meat didn't have the marinated flavor everyone talked about. The bulgogi burrito had a lot of rice and beans, lots of filler. The highlight was the spam musubi. The spam was fried and crispy. So my experience could be just bad because we got there at closing. I would have rather left than paid for ok food and received the impression I was inconveniencing the owners.
4	A little late but better than never, review from visit Sept 2011The freebies upon arrival: *Home made guac/flour tortilla chips/salsa (chips are a little greasy...but can't complain too much especially when it's free!)*Bottled water....not the nasty tap stuff that tastes like lead pipesFood...I've only tried their fusion tacos and fusion burritos, but the meat is flavorful/tender....quality of what you would find at the korean bbq places but placed on a tortilla or stuffed into a burrito.  The chicken taco seems like just normal grilled chicken to me...so I would opt for beef or pork tacos.  The portion sizes are generous especially given the fact that their tacos are $1.29 each and burritos are $4.99.  And there's the bonus gift of a side of kim chee if so desired.  Sauces:Chinese sauce-"nose starts running" spicy to me...they usually put this with every order unless you request the other sauces.Korean sauce-extremely red in color, but has a sweet-spicy kick...my personal favorite and needs to be requested if ordering to go.Green sauce-never tried...green sauces scare me.Ambiance....LOL there is none....other than this screams hole in the wall joint.  This place is down right ugly inside....but the friendly korean family that owns this place makes up for the dismal interior.  The seats are a little ghetto...WARNING: for all those without junk in the trunk....if you sit in the wrong spot where there is a hole in the bench cushion you may get sucked inRumor has it they are going to open another location soon along the 215....and for those who are too lazy to cook for parties....you can order party platters.  They give you a big stack of tortillas, big platter of meat, and the vegetable slaw/dressing on the side...so you can assemble them fresh at home for a very reasonable price!
5	Good food.
4	The food was more like a 3.5 star but the service puts it at 4 stars!We came one evening on a weekday so it really wasn't busy at all.  It's a fast food place in a little strip mall.  Since we were 2 families, we had 4 rugrats with us and I really appreciated how the lady took her time to make sure we didn't over order for the kids and was so accommodating in varying the dishes a little to accommodate our picky eaters.As for us adults, I have to say I was very excited reading the menu and wanted to order everything.  But I was informed they have generous portions so I will have to come back to taste more.  =)Overall, the food is freshly cooked fast food style --- if you want this type of food and like Korean food, then you will be quite satisfied.
5	I would give this place 5 stars without hesitation!!  Me and My T try to make it out here at least once a week, it's amazing.  Must haves:Bulgogi tacosFried rice with BulgogiWonton soup (My favorite)The tacos are incredible.  The beef is so tender.  The portions are great.  The price is great.  I would honestly pay much more for the food, there are few places that I would make this statement.The fried rice is addictive, that's the only way I can describe it.  I seriously can't stop eating it.The soup is a must have.  Again, portion is big, a lot of people can share it.  Such a comfort food, wontons bursting with flavor.  You can even order 4 fried wontons for 1 dollar!  They are just as good.  By the way, a little disclaimer:  On the wall there is a newspaper clipping.  There are two handsome men featured in one of the articles!!
5	My kind of place to just go and chow!  Great food in an unpretentious atmosphere.  The Bulgogi burrito was incredible and the spam musubi 'Reggie' style is now a favorite breakfast meal.  I would definitely recommend the Bulgogi fried rice and spicy pork also.  So far been there 6 times and every meal has been seriously yummy.  So far everyone I've taken there has raved about the food.  Go, get stuffed and be happy!
4	After much searching for this place the bf and I finally went! A tiny little hole in the wall tucked inside of a very bland string of other businesses. Barely noticeable from the street, I wonder if I would ever have run into this place if on my own!Walking in, the lime green walls and "older" furniture left me wondering what kind of boyfriend I had and whether I should turn and run. Thank goodness I didn't! We were seated immediately and given drinks and fresh guac and salsa. The chips tasted freshly fried and delish! I was weary about the fusion type. Can these two foods REALLY go together? Are my beans going to run into my kimchi and vice versa? I left my worrying aside as I ordered the fusion burrito. I chose chicken to be safe. The bf had bulgogi tacos. Our food arrived pretty quickly. My eyes grew huge when I saw my burrito! WTF?!?! The thing was gigantic!!! When I opened it up and started to eat I paused after the first bite. HOW DAMN DELICIOUS! The thing was too big to finish and I regretted having a big lunch before stopping here for dinner! haha! The marinated meat was better than I had at more expensive restaurants with nicer decor, etc. The tacos were great too. I just had to steal a bite. The meat was soft and cooked just right. Not overcooked or rubbery as we've had in other fast food places. The people working were so sweet and checked on us often. Towards the end of our meal when I thought I could not fit in another bite, our server came up to us with half a sliced orange and two fortune cookies. It was a very sweet gesture. Free dessert AND a palate cleanser! ha! The perfect touch to a great dinner!
5	I Rarely give  a place 5 stars!!!  I do have to mention that Ko-MEx is not new to me.  My daughters are Ko-Mex!!!  Seriously.  My daughters are Korean and Mexican mixed and they turned out to be Hawaiian looking!  I would have imagined if you fused Korean and Mexican food you would have wound up with Hawaiian food???  Yes - no... anyways.Reasons why this place is 5 stars;You cannot beat the price!  GEEZ.  I felt guilty!  I had 4 fusion tacos, fried wontons, chips and salsa, bottled water... $5.85!  The fusion tacos really are that good.  Korean style pork, chicken, beef in a taco!  The kimchee on top is optional at no charge!!  A perfect orchestra of grilled meat, fresh cabbage, tomatoes, onions, kimchee and I have to guess but a hint of sesame oil... The owner is running around waiting tables!This place makes me happy.  I wanted to take my shirt off and rub the taco all over my chest...  I wanted to jump up and throw a corn tortilla 2 tables down hitting Seabass in the back of the head!!! ... is anyone reading this???The place is in a bad location and quite frankly it is a dump - but the tacos were really that good!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Korea and Mexico are almost 7,000 miles apart.  The only herb in common, cilantro.  Why the fusion works?  Who cares.  Its just really good grindz.All three fusion tacos (bul-gogi, dak-gogi, and daeji-gogi) are great.  The proteins are all deeply marinated, slightly charred and overcooked (it works) and served hot with cabbage, tomato, cilantro, green onions, all overstuffed in a corn tortilla.  Perfect contrast of both temperatures and textures.  Add some kimchee and hot sauce (several choices but the Asian works best) and you got it all (sweet, sour, bitter, spicy).  Fusion street food heaven!The burrito is equally good.  Same great beef, chicken, or pork with the same taco toppings and the addition of seasoned rice all wrapped up in a flour tortilla.  Once again, squeeze some lime, add some hot sauce and its all good!  (It even taste good cold especially at 2am at the tables). Prices are...heck, dirt cheap ($1.29 a taco, $4.99 for a burrito).  Dine in and you get free chips, salsa, and guacamole.Recommended.
4	This small, but popular Korean/Mexican restaurant, is located on Decatur Blvd. The staff was very friendly and offered to take our order while we waited for a table.  Our fried wontons, 4 per serving and costing a mere $1, were good, but totally unnecessary since they were preceded by complimentary housemade chips, salsa and guacamole.  Our order of 4 barbecue tacos (2 pork, 1 chicken and a beef) came with cilantro, lettuce, onions and kimchee, the latter being optional.  Each was very good to excellent, though next time I would skip the beef in flavor (sic) of the pork or chicken
5	Let's cut to the chase.  Low prices + big portions + herb/spice ethnic FUSION = some good shizzel for rizzel!Gotta haves:  ALL the Fusion Taco varieties, Fusion Burritos, and fried wontons. Everything else is good too.
5	The fusion tacos were bomb and the service was awesome! I'll be back for sure.
5	Love this place... If your looking for something new gotta try the bulgogi tacos, fusion lettuce wraps and all the burritos are killer good!! I definitely recommend this place highly!! You won't be disappointed!
5	Im going to try to put this into words...because truly there are no words to describe the awesomeness of KoMex. First off, we showed up basically at closing and the owners let us dine in and were incredibly nice. This was exactly what I was looking for, a diamond in the rough. I love little joints that are tucked away that just blow your mind. This needs to be on Diners drive ins and dives. Guy would love this place! We ordered a bulgogi burrito and quesadilla and pork tacos. The burrito was honestly hands down the best burrito I have ever had...ever. Everything about it was great the meat was well marinated and full of flavor. Tacos were intoxicating and same goes for the quesadilla. We could taste the passion within every bite of every dish. Its easy to see that they have a lot of pride within their food. They are located in a little shopping center and could be easily missed if youre from out of town and dont have GPS. Inside is plain but decorated with newspaper and magazine articles notating KoMex's awesomeness. Honestly who cares about what this place looks like its all about the food here. I recommend KoMex to anyone and everyone. Its only about 15 mins from the strip and worth it. I would drive any distance to get to Komex. I want to thank the owner who I never got the name of for letting us eat right at closing. It was very nice meeting you and we enjoyed the conversation after our meal. PLEASE OPEN A KOMEX IN CALIFORNIA! If not we will be back soon! Any time im in vegas i am going to KoMex, new tradition.
4	After getting our flex on at the gym, Mikey Elite ops for KoMex. At first the thought of this fusion restaurant wasn't jiving with me. The "hear says" and reviews weren't bullshit'n!Off the bat, the nice lady asks if we checked-in. Free fried wontons! Come up! I love Yelp supporting establishments. EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!They offer four different types of hot sauces. The green and red chille sauce that usually is seen at a taco joint. I think the other two were Korean and Chinese hot sauces. We got beef tacos, a beef tostada, and a beef chimichanga. The tacos were fat and delicious. I like how you can opt for a lettuce wrap instead of a tortilla.  The tostada had a fried ricecake for its' base. It complimented the bulgogi chill'n on top with the herbs and spices. I had a sample of the bulgogi chimichanga. It was cheesy and delicioso. Although everything was awesome, the tacos were the winner for me. They've placed 2nd on my taco favorites. MMMMMMM BATCH!!!! I like running into new creative restaurants. They pulled it off yo! :)  @ $16 we felt like pigs. STONER STAMP OF APPROVAL!!!EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
5	I hesitated to give this place 5 stars because it's in the ghetto and the decor is... er... not great.But... that makes no difference because this place makes some of the most mind-boggling deliciousness at bargain prices. Yes. Korean BBQ and Mexican is one oof the most beautiful marriages in all of culinary history and this place makes the union shine. I nearly wept with happiness at the yumminess of each bite.There's not much else to say except that this place makes Mexican food (which was good to begin with) new, exciting, and even better than before. If you like Mexican, Korean, or just awesome noms at awesome prices, then you MUST make a pilgrimage.
4	You want a fusion of Korean and Mexican food at an outrageously reasonable (almost feel guilty it's so inexpensive) price?  Komex is the place!  When you are seated, they give you chips and salsa/guacamole.  You can tell the chips are homemade, and not store bought.  I ordered the Bulgogi Burrito and Fusion taco with green tea.  The taco was very tasty.  The meat is sweet and combined well with the coolness of the slaw.  They have their own Kimchee salsa that goes very well with it.  The Burrito was Huge.  I always finish my food, but I could only eat 1/2 the burrito.  Again, the meat was sweet and mixed well with the spanish rice and Kimchee salsa.  The entire bill was only $8.50!  The burrito was under $5, the taco was $1.35 (or something like that).  Well worth the price and well worth the trip.  The owner was extremely nice and the service was great.  Try it if you are in that part of town.
5	On a whim I decided to try this place because yelp tagged it as vegetarian friendly. First of all, my GPS was unable to find this place, and kept making my destination somewhere on Yale St. which is in the super ghetto. Finally, I came to my senses and just read the address and decided it would be right off Decatur...which it is. So even though its located in the vicinity of the ghetto, its on the main drag so its easy to find.After using Yelp for a while, I find its most helpful in finding "Diamond in the rough" restaurants that you would never have gone to if it had not been for some random review that really got you excited about some random type of food. The best experiences ive had are at some hole in the wall places that have great service and great food. If this is the experience you are looking for, then KoMex is certainly up your alley.For a while, i've actually wanted to go to China Poblano (Asian Mexican Fusion) in the Cosmopolitan. Even though it is massively overpriced, everyone says its worth it because the entire idea of an asian mexican fusion place is just so entirely ground breaking. Even some random food network talking head said so. While reading the reviews of China Poblano, I find the same sentiment. "Its not that great food wise, but wow! what a great idea!"KoMex, I believe, is everything China Poblano should have been. KoMex is cheap, innovative, and, most importantly, the food is great! I got the Vegetarian fusion stir-fry burrito and I can't stop thinking about when I can somehow work in another trip to North Decatur to get it again.KoMex Fusion Express is definitely a keeper.
5	I grew up believing that kimchi was something that adults who liked to live on the edge with bad breath enjoyed. It was spicy, didn't have the best smell and I wasn't quite sure how it made any dish taste better.Since Yelpers have rarely let me down, after reading so many reviews highlighting the kimchi at KoMex, I couldn't resist adding it to my fusion burrito. Why not? My flavor profile has evolved since the age of 5 and I do like sting that comes with spicy cuisine a little more than I should (empty bottles of chewable Pepto in my purse say so).How good is the kimchi here? Not only did it turn me, but the next time I went to KoMex, I forgot to get it on my burrito and was very, very sad when I got home and realized this upon the first bite. Don't get me wrong, the fusion burrito puts Chipotle, and every other burrito for that matter, to shame-the flavors are intense, fresh and portion sizes aren't for the faint of heart-but kimchi adds that little extra kick that takes the burrito to the next level. It adds crunch, spice and a little bit of sass. Add some of their homemade hot sauce on there and it will shatter all other burrito eating experiences for you. The woman who helped me both times, I think is the owner and she's really friendly! It's not the food or service you'd expect out of this unassuming storefront restaurant, but the quality speaks for itself!
5	Lives up to the hype....We had combo chow fun (thick noodles with shrimp, chicken and beef) excellent flavor, the sauce coated the noodles perfectly without being too greasyMy favorite? The pork fusion tacos, ordered 2 of each meat (pork, beef and chicken) husband and I agree... Pork definitely outstanding of the three, will just order pork next time.  Ordered a Mexican coke with this, perfectOnly drawback? That this isn't closer to my homeWill definitely return!!
5	I'm always trying to introduce my friends to this very unique establishment. Always getting positive feedback.I liked this place already from the tacos and burritos that I would usually get. This time I opted for the bulgogi w/ lettuce wrap and the GHETTO STYLE RAMEN!!! I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT THESE TWO ITEMS!!! The bulgogi sitting on tortillas were really good when I first tried them. You can definately taste the successful fusion between these two great cultures. I was missing something though. I love the crunchy texture that you get from a lettuce wrap and daikon when eating bulgogi. The crunchy texture of the lettuce wrap, the sweet flavor of their bulgogi, and all the other makings burnt an everlasting impression into my taste buds. FOR SHEEZIE!!! I absolutely HEART this place now! :DAs for the GHETTO STYLE RAMEN?... What? Yallz want to go to that "other" spot for some ramen? I'm going to KoMex for some AWESOME GHETTO STYLE RAMEN!!! The weather is getting chilly to an uncomfortable cold now. This is perfect for this weather. I'm not even going to tell you what's in it. GHETTO STYLE RAMEN ALL DAY SUN!!! Thanks KoMexEYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
5	Have eaten twice now from this establishment and each time i have, a party in my mouth and tummy ensues! I have mostly eaten their fusion tacos, and I love how they cram those little tortillas with meat and toppings. I also love to substitute one of my tacos with a lettuce wrap, just to change it up a little. Yum! On both occasions, I have done take out so im thinking that next time will be a dine in experience, cuz if the tacos are tasty half cold, then freshly made must be awesome! Great food, great prices, and great customer service. P.S. Love their salsa, and always make sure to ask for the kimchi on the fusion tacos.
5	Since I only live 4 miles from KoMex, I love coming here regularly since my first visit around Sep 2011.  By "Checking-In" on my Yelp Android App, I also get a free wontons serving (4 pieces, normally $1 but tastes much more expensive than that) as part of my unbelievably cheap but delicious meal.I've introduced my visiting Cali friends to this place and they've all loved it.  I usually order their "Special of the Week" listed on their dry-erase board next to the fridge.  I'm an atheist, but I pray to the higher powers that be that KoMex opens a branch in Spring Valley so all of their fusion food goodness is even closer to my house.
4	At first I was a bit skeptical about a korean-Mexican fusion restaurant, but this place had great reviews from other Yelpers so I gave it a shot. Boy am I glad I did! This restaurant is superb! I had a taco with Korean beef and all the fixins' of a regular Mexican taco. The beef literally melted in my mouth...sweet and spicy at the same time! My friend and I also shared the beef fries...comparable to carne asada fries, but with Korean beef. This place is amazing. The service was a bit slow which is why it gets 4 starts instead of 5. Komex...you are on to something magical!
4	I'm in town often for business, so I'm always looking for the best eats off the strip. So, as usual, Yelp led me to the best. I'll admit, when I walked in I was expecting to see a menu or listing of items on the wall, or even some Komex signage inside, but instead I was stuck standing at the counter looking stupid. I wondered if I was even in the right place. It is a little hole in the wall. Nobody asked if I needed help or wanted to order. Finally, after having stood at the counter for some time I asked for a menu. Everything sounded good.  I couldn't decide on the bulgogi tacos or burrito. Naturally, I went with BOTH. And, of course I couldn't leave without the chips and guacamole. The chips were the bomb! Korean BBQ AND Mexican? Freakin GENIUS!!! Komex please make your way to San Diego!Everything was SO good. This is definitely one of my new favorite places to eat in Vegas.
5	This place isn't attractive at all, what-so-ever. But who the heck cares as long as the food is hella good, right? Plus, I'm no snooty booty. This was our very first time at this place. I read a lot of the Yelp reviews and decided that the good completely out weighed the bad. My boyfriend and I ordered so much that we actually had the lady, whom I think was the owner and was super nice, actually stop us mid-order just to tell us that this was a lot of food. LOL! She was soooooooo right. We ended up taking a lot of it home with us. They first came out with chips (homemade and awesome) with salsa and guac. Then they brought out our spam musubis WITH FRIED EGG :9 Then, came out our humongous burritos. Bulgogi (beef) for my bf and Duk-gogi (chicken) for me. The fusion between korean and mexican flavors was something I've never experienced before. It was genius. It had rice, our choice of meat, pico de gallo, beans and cilantro. Then came our tacos. I had pork, my bf had chicken and fish, which was fried and hardly any breading at all (such a breath of fresh air). I ate one taco and just a third of my burrito. Again, it was HUMONGOUS. So that was two burritos, four tacos, two spam musubis, a Voss water bottle, and lemonade for just $25!!! Can't beat that! And we used our check-in prize of fried wantons (also delicious!!)Definitely going to hit this spot up again! :D
5	What can I say, besides great. After reading all the reviews on here, me and my coworker decided to go on an adventure and boy was it a good decision. Now just to be fair, I did not try many items on the menu, but the Fusion tacos were amazing! I am Mexican and these tacos are, in my opinion, better than any you can buy at a regular Mexican Restaurant! Yes, the location is not attractive at all but who cares if the food is soo good. Please note, the place will be closed from Dec 15- December 26th for the holidays:( So here is my final analysis: Pro: 1)Asked for water and instead of getting tap water, we got to free bottled water. 2) Chips, Salsa, and Guacamole, all free! 3) Checked in on yelp and got an order of Wontons. 4) The tacos we very good. Meat was juicy and soft. 5) VERY Cheap!  Our bill came out to 8 dollars! 6) Fortunate cookie and orange. 7) Very good variety of food. Cons: 1) I feel like I stole some food because it was that cheap! 2) Might take a bit if you go during lunch hours.
5	No joke. I had a dream about Komex last night. Let's just say, it was my version of Harold and Kumar go to White Castle. Stoned out of my mind, I was chowing down on bulgogi fushion tacos one after another...And then my stupid alarm goes off...F*** me...Coincidentally, this morning my sister insists me to get her a Pork Fushion Burrito after school. So I head over to Komex around 1:45 only to find out that they're closed from Dec. 15- Dec. 26!!!!Ahhhhhh!!! Are you F****** kidding me?!? I totally forgot about that...sighBut what am I gonna do without Komex for almost two weeks?In all seriousness, this place is amazing. Not the most ambient of places (what do u expect from a taco shop) but very reasonable prices, friendly service, and just delicious food. You can't go wrong with anything on their menu. Their fushion (Korean-style) tacos and burritos are one of kind. And make sure you get kimchi added to your tacos or burritos for the extra zesty flavor.
5	This place well exceeds my 3 criteria for awesomeness.  Quality Taste, Quantity, and great price!  Definitely a winner.
4	good food for a great price. chips salsa and guac. large portions with great taste. it is a must go to for folks that love flavor. if you don't like flavor then move on...
5	If Guy Fieri hasn't already reviewed this place on Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives, somebody needs to let him know ASAP...I've heard about this place for a while and I finally got a chance to check it out.  And let me tell you, this place did not disappoint.  I can be an honest critic of Korean food, because I've been eating it since birth.  Let me first start off by saying this place is a true "mom & pop"/ "hole-in-the-wall" type restaurant.  I was expecting this from other reviews and what I was personally told about this place.  The place is small, very busy and crowded for lunch, and a longer wait than expected.  But the food and the prices were amazing!!!  I had the Fusion Burrito with Korean pork, Bulgogi tacos, Fish tacos, Fusion chicken tacos, the bulgogi fried rice, and the bulgogi fries.  Everything was delicious.  The chicken was very tender and the pork was excellent, but mildly spicy (I'm used to very spicy Korean pork).  But blend that Korean meat with Mexican flavor, and you have yourself savory piece of heaven in your mouth with every bite.The portions are great for what you pay for.  The Fusion burrito is $5, and it's bigger than the carne asada burrito you get at Robertos. I definitely recommend this place to anyone who lives or is visiting Vegas.  When you do go, bring some patience with you and take it for what it is.  It's a busy "mom & pop" shop, with the mom running around as the only hostess, server, runner, buser, and cashier.  But the food and prices more than make up for it.
5	I LOVE this place! I've been here a few times on a whim and each time has been great. So far I've had: Spam Masubi, Teriyaki Chicken, fusion tacos, fusion burrito, and fish tacos, but there is still SO much more I want/need to try! The Spam Musubi was huge (probably why they call it "Flintstone" musubi) and you get two big ones for 3 bucks. The Spam was nice and crispy, but the rest of the musubi seemed to fall apart very easily (http://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/lNZd5fEHGYDhJ-FJYp-oDg/l.jpg); Not a big problem though because I love Spam and rice anyway. The tacos are exploding with flavor and you can't beat the price ($1.29 a pop, really!!?). I've had the pork, chicken, beef, and fish taco. The fish tacos were a little too salty for me, but the rest were amazing. The burrito was also very large, but that didn't effect the quality. It was very flavorful, juicy, and oozing with deliciousness. I ate about half and brought the rest home to my brother who nearly killed it in one bite. I can't wait to come back here. Every time we've gone, the service has been very fast and friendly. They even give you complimentary chips, dip, guac, and oranges (after the meal). I wish it wasn't so far from my house, but at least my boyfriend lives down the street from it, so I can get KoMex to-go ;)
3	I have had one 5 star visit here and one 1 star visit, so the average is 3 stars.First time was great!  Our waiter was a Bonanza High School student who was so charming and friendly.  He gave us some free guac because we told him it was our first time there.  I got the Fusion Burrito, which was surprisingly delicious, and my husband got the orange chicken.  The staff was really friendly and we talked with the owner about how she wants to open another location.I had been itching to go back since then and we went last night.  Now, they had just opened up again after being on Christmas vacation, so I don't know if that is why it was so crazy in there,  but our second experience wasn't as good.  It was very crowded at 8:00 on a Wednesday night. My husband wanted the orange chicken again, but they had taken it off the menu.  He was really disappointed by that.  I ordered the carne de puerco. Unfortunately, the meat was cold and the rice and beans looked like they were from a can.  The owner was the only one waiting tables this time, so she was super frazzled.I like this place and I like the lady who owns the restaurant, so I'll definitely be back, but my last visit definitely moved them down a few notches for me.
5	Great food. Tried their bulgogi flour tacos, burrito, Mongolian beef. Interesting combination of spices that go well together. If anyone can find a better place for the quality and price in Vegas...do tell! Will be a regular stop when I visit Vegas.
3	The food is really really good, and cheap. The only problem is now they have more business then they can handle. I've been twice one for lunch for work I had to take a 2 hour lunch because I waited an hour for my food, and we all got our food at different times. Second I brought my girl up there cause the food was so good and we had to wait 40 min just to get the food and the order was wrong and she didn't want to wait for it to be corrected. Very frustrating but both times what I ate was so so good.
5	Who'd a thunk to mix mexican style foods with korean flavors... FRICKEN GENIUS!!! This is a hole in the wall that needs to be mounted on a wall. Food is always on point from the bulgogi fries to the ghetto ramen (saimin for my island brethren). Portions are huge and well worth the price. The service is always exceptional. Brittany is one of the friendliest servers I've ever had. Shout outs to her. Recommendations:Bulgogi Lettuce WrapsGhetto RamenBulgogi Fries
5	These flavors together are amazing! My boyfriend and I ordered a bulgogi burrito, nachos, a taco and a tostada ... A ton of delicious food (this ended up being lunch AND dinner for two people) for very little money. I even loved the hot sauce, and normally I can't take anything too spicy. A little bit of their regular hot sauce on my food was perfect. However, they said they can make the food much spicier if you ask - so it's a great place for spice-wimps like me, and spice-hounds like my boyfriend (who will pretty much eat ghost peppers and not die). Very friendly staff/owners as well. Highly recommend.
5	One of the best finds in vegas, hands down.  Absolutely my new favorite place anywhere.  Fusion tacos? Just over a buck.  Giant portion of bulgogi nachos (best thing I've ever put in my mouth)  6 bucks!I literally cant wait to be hungry again so I can go back.  Hands down amazing, great staff.  I always get food  to go, but the service has been great.  As someone who prides themself in seeking these places out, this is one of my top three finds ever.  Dont hesitate, try it out!
5	This is one of those Yelp finds that lives up to its hype. A little dumpy dive in the depressed west Vegas burbs. I wasn't expecting much. Oh man, the food was really good, really unique, and cheap. Had tacos, tostada, etc.. They bring a salsa spinner to the table, and it's all excellent. And at the end, you get a fresh, cold orange for dessert.
5	Been eating here since July and need to update my review after my dinner here last night. It just gets better with time. By now we've eaten burritos, enchiladas, tacos, nachos (yummmm) and my new favorite - tortas!My torta of choice is loaded with bulgogi, lettuce, tomato, onion, avocado and those little sliced pickled jalapenos on a soft roll with a lil mayo ($5.99). I really don't know how to properly describe the fusion taste - it's just incredibly unique and complex. Komex has just wonderful customer service. When we walked in last night it was packed and there people ahead of us waiting for a table. We were contemplating ordering to go and Linda explained that in the amount of time it would take to make our food a table would open. Well she was correct and within 10 minutes two tables became available and she very speedily took care of us. Oh and their mango passionfruit tea is amazing. It's unsweetened but is actually pretty sweet and satisfying.
5	Visiting Vegas anytime soon???? Leave the $9.99 rib-eye specials @ the strip. This place is worth the ride. KoMex is a small, quaint, family-run dive. But, your taste buds and wallet will thank you. We took a taxi(not recommended unless you schedule them to pick you back up)  Nevertheless, we waited happily for 30 minutes chatting up on how great this meal was.  In the end, taxi never showed and the owner Linda graciously offered us a ride back to our hotel.  I've never rated on yelp before and this may just be the beginning of more to come.  KoMex will be tough to beat on budget and value.  I see a bright future ahead for these folks.  THANKS AGAIN!
5	The flavors are amazing at an unbelievable value.  We had the fusion tacos, tostada, and bulgogi fried rice.  Very tender bulgogi, excellent sauces.  Cheerful service.  A true gem.  I liked the old cook with the KOMEX black beanie.  He's hardcore fusion!
5	Almost six months had passed since I last reviewed this fine little restaurant, and it was time for a return.  I found it to be just as accommodating as before, offering free bottled water and complimentary homemade tortilla chips with a spicy guacamole dip.  I was even supplied with extra guacamole at no charge when the first quantity ran out.This time I wanted to try new items.  So, I had a half-order of Wonton Soup and a full order of Mark's Favorite Chow Fettuccine.  The Wonton Soup was a simple but delicious bowl of Cantonese goodness.  It contained 4 doughy wontons filled with ground beef and pork, 1 button mushroom, some onions, and a touch of whisked egg floating in a very hot, very tasty broth.  A full order costs only $1.00 more, and contains 8 wontons!  My main dish could easily have filled two diners, and it was probably folly for me to eat the whole thing in one sitting.  About two-thirds of the way through, I was asked if I wanted a to-go box--as if that was the normal regimen for a single diner--but foolishly declined and forged ahead until I was thoroughly stuffed.  And, my bathroom scale made me pay for that extravagance the next day.The food itself consisted of a generous amount of hunks of tender chicken, pieces of lean beef, and medium-sized nicely stir-fried shrimps mixed with green and purple cabbage, red and white onion strands, green and red bell pepper slices, some carrot splinters, and oodles of fettucinne nicely mixed together with a very light brown sauce.  The dish just needed a little salt, which slight application of soy sauce quickly provided.  It was a fine platter of multi-flavored and textured treats.  Complimentary orange slices and a fortune cookie were brought to the table at meal's end for a refreshing finish to a very substantial lunch. I did notice one thing different from my two previous visits.  Instead of several casually clad 20-something males predominantly in attendance, this time the nearly completely full small dining room featured a wide mix of diners, including snowy-haired senior couples, young men in suits, a technician in surgical scrubs, the middle aged, and a young couple.  The demographics have shifted to a wider audience as the kudos keep coming in for this no longer obscure, cook-to-order gem.
5	I am a picky eater and very very American when it comes to my food so a good review from me to KoMex you might find hard to believe but I did. Well here it is, KoMex is delicious, yummy, flavorful, big portions and great prices. I was introduced a few months ago and have been there alot since finding out about this place. They are a small business with only about 10 tables in the restaurant and the owner will normally be your server. She is the nicest lady and works really hard at her job and her business. This might sound strange but I always get the Mexican taco's (steak) and they are the best steak taco's I have ever had. KoMex makes them on those small corn shells and they are perfect. The taco's come in steak, chicken, pork, fish, and shrimp.  They start you off with freshly made tortilla chips and the guacamole is home made and my girlfriend loves it as she almost always eats it all up. I feel as if I should mention some of there other menu items that my girl gets all the time, chicken teriyaki=great, Mongolian beef= unbelievably good and the pork taco she claims is better than the steak but I doubt that. In the end, we get out of this place with a VERY full belly and still a fat wallet, well as fat as I had it to begin with the wallet that is. So here's the deal, if you haven't been here before GO and GO now cause it's just delicious and coming from a picky eater that tough to say.      Your critic Vegas Villain
5	We had the pork torta, gulgogi nachos, shrimp and fish tacos, and fish/shrimp lettuce cups.  This was way too much food for two people but we wanted to try a little bit of everything.  The pork torta was insane, seriously good and HUGE.  I will definitely order that again.  The nachos were pretty good too, worth a repeat.  The other items we had were tasty but pretty standard.  I will go to this little place again for sure.11/24/12 Update - Been going here pretty regularly for about a year...never disappoints.  I love it; the fusion pork torta is legit.
5	Kallie C. Beaverton, ORThis broad had it right!  I just ordered the chimi and it wasn't a mini.  That's for damn sure.  In fact, I had to take a break while eating it to write this.  This about that, ladies and ladies.  I put down the fork, turned on the laptop, went to yelp, and made a comment.  Yeah... f@ck right that's what I did.  This place is awesome.  Everytime I go in, the owner recognizes me.  Okay, she doesn't know my name, but the fact that she can pick me out of a police lineup, that's something impressive.  Most places couldn't give a sh*t less who you are.  For people who haven't heard of Komex, let me digress.  The neighborhood (in which I live) is kind of crap.  The decor isn't great.  But the people and food are the best.  I will seriously take coworkers and clients alike to this place.  I only wish that they needed a CPA so I could work for burritos...
5	I live in So Cal and there are a lot of Korean/Mexican style food trucks. I really like the fusion blend and I think that the flavors go together well. KoMex has really found a way to not only mix the flavors, but I think that they do it better than the others. Their food is less greasy and they have a big menu. The tacos are really good. I can easily motor down 5-6 of them. The wanton chips are a nice touch and they go great with the fusion theme. Everyone in our group liked the fried rice. Just be aware of the huge portion and the smell of kimchee that will ooze from your pores. Overall this is good food at a great price. You can easily stuff your face and keep that hard earned money at the same time. I think that the food is 4 star quality but the owner was so nice and she will not oversell you on the food. If you order too much she will tell you. For those reasons alone they get a bonus star.
4	This was my first Korean-Chinese-Mexican fusion experience! and I loved it :DI'll get right to the point- CHEAP, DELICIOUS, SIMPLEI had the BUL-GOGI (BEEF) FRIED RICE BOWL ($6.99)- okay so the flavor was "eh" in fact, it didn't have much flavor, but for the price, they give you enough for lunch, dinner, and lunch again. I mean the portions were huge. I would get this plate again ONLY because if you pour a little Korean sauce on it it tastes delicious!My BF had a taste of the Pork, Beef, Chicken, and Fish tacos- loaded with tasty toppings and only ($1.29 each) not bad. The final verdict was PORK tacos, YUM. The fish taco was tasty but they put sour cream when it might have tasted better with a creative fish sauce or "KoMex fusion" sauce of some sort- just sayin... MUST TRY the BULGogi Nacho Fries- OMG soooo goood! While you're waiting they give you a side of chips, salsa, and guacamole and no tap water for these peeps- it's bottled water all the way baby!The restaurant itself is small and it seemed super busy during the lunch hour. The service was mediocre but the waitress was friendly and helpful for us first time customers :)
5	I have been wanting to try this place.  I've read all about it on Yelp.  My girlfriend has turned me on to Korean cuisine.  I like Mexican cuisine, but she does not.  So, I had to rope my father into going with me.  Komex is conveniently located off the 95 at Decatur.  Just head North on Decatur and look for it on the left just before Washington.  There is not enough parking for that shopping center.  The decor is typical mom and pop, not super fancy, but it is clean.  Mostly booths.  Have a seat and a server will come by soon.  The place is small, perhaps six or eight booths/tables.  We ordered two Mexican sodas: one mandarin orange and the other lime.  They came in bottles and they provided glasses with ice and straws.  I tried both flavors and liked both.  The carbonation was strong.  The server brought out complimentary chips, saIsa, and guacamole.  The chips were more like fried pitas.  They seemed fresh, but were cold.  The salsa was very flavorful.  The guacamole was ordinary, but how many other places give you guacamole for free?  So, I'm not complaining.  If you check in on Yelp you get a free order of fried wontons.  I showed our server.  I went to the bathroom and was disgusted by the smell (the only unpleasant part of my experience at Komex).  The fried wontons were crispy, hearty, and flavorful.  Not overly greasy.  The dipping sauce was really tasty, kind of sweet and spicy hot at the same time.  We ordered two fusion tacos (one beef and the other chicken), bulgogi burrito, and pork torta.  The food all came out at different times, which I did not mind.  There were only two people working the front-of-house and the place was full (was lunch time).  Everything was flavorful.  I could taste the Korean and the Mexican and it worked.  The burrito and torta were huge portions.  Our server brought out some sauces, which were all good.  Upon finishing our server brought out a complimentary dessert, which was an orange sliced in half and the pieces cut out and then put back in.  Two little plastic swords were stuck in two of the slices.  Really nice touch.  Usually I skip dessert after eating so much food, but I told myself I had to eat my daily allowance for fruit and enjoyed it.  It was fresh.  Fortune cookies came with the bill.  Torta $5.99; burrito $4.99; tacos $1.29 each; sodas $1.29 each; wontons free with Yelp check in; fortune cookies free; orange free; and chips, salsa, & guacamole free.  The total bill was under $18 and we were stuffed.  Our server was super friendly and helpful.  It was totally busy, but we ate and got back to work within an hour.  This place gets five stars all the way "Woohoo!  As good as it gets!"
5	Insanely good!  In a town with so much overpriced crappy food, I needed a fix like this so dearly. Without a doubt, the very best thing I ate while in Vegas was a Kimchi burrito. The wife had the chicken tacos with kimchi. She couldn't talk... Just kept saying "mmmm" with a full mouth. I went here on a whim after reading some Yelp reviews on my way to the LV airport. Thanks Yelpers!!! I'm so glad I went here. You're definitely not going here for the ambiance - just so damn good cheap eats.
5	Dare I say that they are better than the Korean/Mexican fusion that is LA's infamous Kogi. YES, YES...I DARE!The lack of help staff can kinda be overlooked by the fact that the food was YUM-O!!!It's a small hole in the wall spot my friend always goes to so, he wanted to bring me there.When we got there, we waited a few minutes for someone to finish their food so we could cop their table.We got the bulgogi fried rice, fish tacos, and bulgogi tacos. All were pretty amazing especially since I'm comparing them to Kogi.Their complimentary salsa and chips were good, too. All tasted homemade. They had all kinds of chili sauces from Chinese chili oil combo to Saracha to a Mexican brand I've never had before.I was giggling that they had musubi on their menu.The one major factor to this spot is that they are soooooooo far!
5	I would give this place a 4 star typically. Their decor needs work and their fusion food is NOT better than Kogi of Los Angeles. But their chips, guac and salsa are great and the food is good. Cheap and portions are generous. Nice people too. I would return.
4	Had to try this place after reading all of the awesome reviews.  I went on a Saturday afternoon around 3pm and all the booths were full.  The owner quickly mentioned there would be a 45 minute wait once our order was put in since they had so many before us.  We were able to snag a small table by the door and it took a little while for them to come take our order.  We ordered the Bulgogi Nacho's, which were absolutely amazing.  They were so flavorful and we were able to demolish the whole plate quickly.  I liked their homemade chips and guacamole as well.  Next came out our Daejiogoi Burrito with fried Kimchi, which we ended up taking to go since we were so full from the chips (burrito was good, but I will try it with bulgogi next time and without salsa).  I was also pleased with the egg Musubi and chicken taco.  The price and flavors cannot be beat!  I will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu!
5	Anyone who gives this place less than 3 stars either had an off day or just doesn't appreciate great food for cheap prices. The majority of Yelpers legitimately gave this place 5 stars for several reasons. Freshly made food that is full of flavor, huge portions, cheap prices, great quality ingredients, friendly service, and not your average food items. All of these factors more than make up for location and decor.I revisited this little gem during lunch & had the chicken bulgogi tacos with a side of Mexican rice. The corn tortilla tacos were overly stuffed with juicy, flavorful chicken, marinated cabbage, & I got kimchee on top. What an explosion of goodness it was. The rice was pretty good, moist and better than average. Lunch came to just over 6.00 total for 3 tacos, side of rice, & a can of soda. Nothing to squawk at.By the way, as everybody mentioned, free homemade chips with salsa & guacamole, little cute orange dessert & fortune cookie, ALL included!! Its not often that you can find a place like this. Try it!
5	Wonderful srvice, the owner insist on giving customers bottled water instead of the usual tap.  I've had the bulgoki sliders with kimchi...which was relish, and the Korean beef tostada with the fried rice patty instead of the usual torta.  Accompanied by an awesome beef taco and the best beef bulgogi fried rice I've ever had!  The prices are unmatched for the quality of the food and the service, it's amazingly delicious!  I recommend this place to everyone I know.
5	I'm soo glad we tried this place. At first i was like" korean-mexican food sounds gross" but my curiosity got the best of me.   And i don't regret it now. We loved it.  They definitely have our business til forever,  we are sooo going back. We tried the fusion beef tacos and the chicken broccoli.   The food was so good and the price is just right.  I totally recommend this place to everyone, especially if you r looking for a new place to go eat.
5	Several visits later and you still uphold the standard of Awesomeness.But this time your awesomeness had me feeling guilty.  Ordered the usual, fusion pork burrito and fusion pork tacos.  Pork burrito was actually a chicken burrito.  No, no, no.  Please ma'am, may we have the pork burrito?  Why of course you may and let me give you a discount for us messing that up.  5 minutes later pork burrito arrives.  No harm done but you still give us the discount.A discount for mistaken identity of meat.  Are you serious?  How can you afford this on your already low prices?  Things are always perfect when we come here.  There is no need for a discount.  It was an honest mistake.  Now we feel guilty.We love you Komex.  You know what customer service and satisfaction (and food) is all about.
5	Really impressed with this place.  We got takeout and my friend Trish out ordered me, luckily we were sharing :)  She got the pan fried fish and I had the chicken bulgogi.  The fish was lightly fried and really fresh...hence all the great fish taco reviews here as well I guess.Service was a bit slow but they brought us free chips while were waiting.  There is a really good vibe with the people that work here.  They seem to be happy to be working here, rare for vegas!I can't wait to try more at KoMex...wish I lived closer!  :(
3	I have been anticipating trying Komex for quite some time. I have tried to come on two separate occasions and have been disappointed that they were closed during my previous attempts.My fella and I were having a very busy day of errands and were in the area when our tummies started rumbling. "Finally," I think to myself. We are seated and I immediately let our server know that I have checked in through Yelp to redeem my check in offer of free wontons. YUM! The wontons and complimentary chips with salsa and guacamole were my favorite parts of the meal.My fella and I ordered the Bulgogi fries and a fusion burrito to share. My fella was really not feeling the food at all. He left feeling very disappointed. I found the food interesting but the concept not fully realized. The flavor profiles seem great together, but the execution was lacking the flavor I was hoping for. Their food seemed to lack flavor a little, almost bland. There were so many sauces and salsas to put on top of everything it didn't really help as much to round out the flavors as I would have hoped. The Korean meats were tasty but not the greatest quality or cut and it showed. Just too gristly. I know the price is right, but I'm not certain that the quantity over quality fared well today. I added Kimchi to my burrito for more flavor, it helped a bit, but something was still lacking. I like the Korean and Mexican fusion concept, but there was not enough of either to really give it a kick.I had high expectations of this place, maybe too high. I still want to give the place another try, since the menu was definitely interesting, well-priced and the service was excellent! I'm just not totally won over after my first visit.
5	Service: The owner was very sweet and attentive. I ordered the kimchi fried rice w/o eggs; when it came out I noticed it had small pieces of what I thought may have been eggs in the mix. I let her know I am allergic to eggs and she gladly took it back to make sure that it was made w/o eggs and reassured me that a new one would be made. The chef came out and confirmed that there were no eggs in the fried rice... so I dug in. It was delicious. so flavorful. and exploding w. kimchi!! I also got the free fried wontons for the check in special on yelp. The owner returned to inform me that the wontons were sealed w/ egg yolk. This just showed me how attentive she was! thumbs up to that. Boyfriend got the soft tacos in pork, chicken, and beef. The chicken taco was delicious!! It had different dressings than that of a tacoshop ie cabbage. I was really skept about trying this restaurant when my boyfriend suggested it. But it completely opened my mind to fusion food. I've had other fusion foods in San Diego which did not compared!! Will definitely be going back! I love it when hole in the wall restaurants blow you away like this one (:
5	First of all, we got a check-in offer of free fried wontons!Second of all, when I told the lady (she seemed like the owner) about how I've eaten at the Kogi truck in L.A., she already knew the difference between their food and her food and was able to tell me. She was honest saying some people like KoMex more and others still like Kogi more.Third of all, our bill for 3 people was only $11.80. Granted, 2/3 of us didn't order very much... but still.Ok so the food...The chips w/ salsa & guacamole was very good. The chips were homemade and I think the salsa & guac are too. I have had better homemade salsa, but the guacamole was very good.I had the (insert korean name here) pork taco and bulgogi beef taco.I am not sure how to even describe it, but it was very good. Everything was made fresh. The meat was hot, tortillas were soft and the vegetables were crisp.I would say that I liked the pork one more than the bulgogi one.After the dinner rush had begun to slow down, the lady who seemed like the owner came to our table not only to check on us, but to talk to us. She was telling us how on weeknights the busy rushes are kind of unpredictable. She was apologizing for the wait since there was only 1 cook that (wednesday) night, but honestly, we didn't even wait that long. If we did, we didn't notice because we were so caught up in conversation.This place is far from us and they said they would be opening another location closer to 215 & rainbow.OH and this location has so much character! It is a true hole-in-the-wall. It's the kind of place that looks like you should question eating there, but when you do, it is so delicious! LOVE IT!#foodcrew
5	I was doubtful on coming here. Korean and Mexican fusion just sounds... no. Don't judge a book by it's cover though, this has to be one of my top favorite family-owned businesses in Las Vegas! We came on a weekday night, an hour about closing. Apparently this night they were short staffed, and the place was busy, so service took longer than expected (but of course, was understood). I do not eat meat, but thank goodness they had vegetarian options on their menu. I had the fusion tacos sans the meat, but added kimchi. Even without the meat, the lettuce wrap tacos with kimchi were delicious!My friends ordered the fusion tacos with beef and pork, and everyone at our table was highly please by the taste for such a cheap, cheap price (I believe it was $1.95 for the tacos, where can you get a better deal than that other than at a Taco Bell or Del Taco?!)While the service was slammed that night, we were able to talk to one of the owners who, while very busy, still showed awesome service to us, even when we had many questions to ask amongst how busy it was. Very nice owner who is willing to explain everything down to the last ingredient. Will definitely return here again, this is my new favorite fusion restaurant! (That ISN'T fast-food!)
4	I know I wrote a review for this...WTF?My first visit was decent, but it had a few hiccups that made me not too sure. I thought my tacos I had ( al pastor, daegji gogi and bulgogi) were good. We were first served by who I think is the owner and she was friendly and nice then there was a new girl and when tabulating our bill (they hand write it) it was way over. Also there was dustbunnys at the corner of our table. I'm okay with hole in the walls, but really, a dustbunny? We decided to try again and this time it was much cleaner. Food was still consistent. Now they have vegetarian options which is a plus so I had a tofu fusion style and a rice/beans and vegetable. The tofu was good, the veggie one only came with rice on mine but the veggies on it were fresh (stir fry mix- think broccoli, cabbage, carrot, etc).   BF loved the shrimp fusion style so now he says anytime we come here he has to get that. There is a check in special for free wontons. They are little meat filled ones (4 pcs) with some sweet chili sauce. The BF and I thought his family would like it so we brought them and they enjoyed it. Mom got enchiladas and she's a green sauce girl and with our luck brought them when they were making some but she said it would be better with it. The surprising standout was grandmas mongolian beef. I took a bite and that was really tender and flavorful. BF and I stuck to the fusion tacos. Overall, I think this place is solid cheap eats with a little something for everyone.
4	Wow who knew that combination of foods work deliciously
5	Went back to KoMex and had the fried fish and Pulled Pork sliders also this time.  Both were awesome but pick the fish if you want 1 dish imo.  Can't wait to try more!Also, great friendly service both on the phone and picking up our order.  Awesome place!
5	Located a few miles off the strip, but toOOOOOootally worth it.The concept here should be nothing new to anyone that doesn't live under a rock: Mexican-Korean fusion food... Think Kogi Truck, but in my opinion it's better: You don't have to track Komex down via twitter/fb, and there's no 1 hour+ outdoor wait for a food truck parked in a random lot. Best of all, there's a place to sit & enjoy the fantastic food right away, as it is being served to you by the friendly owners.We ordered: - WonTons: Free via Yelp check-in, and they were yummy yeah, aw yeaaaah.- 2 pan fried bulgogi (Korean beef) tacos - The special of the week. If you ever get this one, make sure you devour it while the taco shell is still hot & crunchy.- Fusion chicken tacos: Fabulous chunks of grilled juicy chicken meat- Fusion spicy pork burrito: The gf & I split this. Don't be intimidated by "spicy" pork - as with most Korean-style spicy pork, it's only mildly spicy if anything. For those that aren't too fond of kimchi, you can ask them to leave it out. But really, this burrito was originally designed to be eaten with the fresh kimchi cabbage to enhance the overall fusion experience.- Bulgogi Fries: Think carne asada fries but with the bulgogi (slightly sweet marinated Korean beef) instead. This thing was massive.. since the 4 of us had wontons, chips, and like 3 tacos and half a burrito each, we weren't even able to finish these delicious fries.- Free Chips & Guacamole/Salsa - The freshly fried homemade chips  were so awesome that we had to ask for more. I also couldn't believe that these free chips also came with guacamole. There was the traditional Mexican salsa, traditional Korean red pepper paste (a kinda sweet gochujang), and the group's favorite salsa which was sriracha (red rooster sauce) based mixed with some chili oil. We loved this sauce in particular so much that we asked for another cup of it.The setting here closely resembles any other typical taqueria (their logo is a big cartoon dude wearing a huge sombrero) but offers much, MUCH more.Thanks broham for finding another place to visit every single time we come to Vegas!Cliff Notes: BOMB fusion burritos/tacos/fries/nachos with Korean-style meats & ingredients.
5	KOMEX! WOW! nuff said.1. Cheap! 2. Huge portions.  C. Friendly staffIV. Delicious.Definitely lived up to the reviews on Yelp!  Go with the fusion offerings before anything else on your first visit.  The Bulgogi (beef) taco's are cheap and amazing.  I down like 3 of these on each visit.Free chips, Salsa, and Guac. start the meal.We usually do one dish with the tacos.  The kimchi fried rice is delicious and HUGE, with a fried egg on top. Especially after 2-3 taco's you'll definitely have leftovers. The Mongolian beef is also worth a try.Decor needs updating as it looks old and a bit run-down on the inside..but i guess with the type of reviews they've been getting and since the food speaks for itself, I'm sure the owners could care less.The only way to describe this place is truly with the corny albeit often used phrases: **HIDDEN GEM** **MUST TRY** **FOODGASM** **GO-TO SPOT**But i wouldn't write those words if they weren't true about Komex.
5	Thanks to yelp we found a decent place to eat in Vegas.Fresh, delicious and cheap.  Good food, although the service is a little slow, but the sign already warned us it could be slow.  The food was good.  Not over salted or too greasy.  Excellent fusion tacos, we had the beef and pork.  Both my kids liked their tacos.  Enjoyed the Kimchi fried rice with eggs, portion large enough to feed a family of four.  Excellent combination of flavors and spices.
5	Mind is completely blown. Korean, Mexican, Chinese fusion?? HELL YEAH!I found this little place randomly on our way out of Vegas after a weekend trip. I searched yelp by check in offers because I was feeling cheap after losing all my money on the strip. KoMex came up, and we were sold. In fact, we waited in the parking lot for over an hour until they opened just so we could try it. We over-ordered and everything was so inexpensive. I had the shrimp stir fry, my boyfriend had the bulgogi nachos, my friend had kimchi fried rice and they ordered a bulgogi burrito with kimchi as well. Everything I tried was amazing. I ordered a double order of kimchi on the side and greedilt gobbled it up in less than a minute.The people working there were super nice and the food came out quickly. Plus, free wontons when you check in. Can't beat that!
5	When I first heard about this, Korean and Mexican Fusion, my first thought was "wha?!" with just a hint of skepticism (just a hint).BUT, since I considered myself open-minded and I'm easily swayed by many, MANY good reviews from friends and yelpers, I became more excited to try this place. I mean, come on - bulgogi in a burrito with kimchi? That sounds pretty tasty! Besides, I love Seoul Food. =)KoMex isn't too big, but luckily they had a booth that accommodated me and my 5 other friends. There were 3 guys and 3 gals. The guys and myself each ordered a burrito, while the girls ordered tacos. We also ordered some fried wontons (4 for a buck!)I was clearly very hungry and thought I might be able to finish my food. I didn't stand a chance. I ate about 2/3 of the burrito, a couple of chips and guac, a wonton and waved a white flag. The wontons are ok, but for a $1, definitely not disappointed. The burrito was SO GOOD! There was a good amount of meat and if you get kimchi (which I suggest you do if you like it), the burrito is just HUGE! I want to say it was the size of my forearm. Considering I'm petite in the sense that I'm short with short limbs, I think that's a pretty accurate description.Everyone left stuffed and happy. If you are in the area and want to try some off the strip joints, you should stop on by.
5	The place looks a little sketchy from the outside and doesn't have any fancy decor...But WOW! They have really good tacos! Come here for the food not the ambiance.The food is great, the service is friendly, and the prices are cheap. A little slower than other lunch eateries but worth the wait.
5	Super yummy. Always fresh. Great owners. I would eat here once a week. Best kept secret (used to be) in Vegas.
5	Had another great meal here yesterday! I'm still in a phase of trying out different things here since everything has been really good thus far. We started with their yummy chips, guacamole, and salsa. It seems like I always start my meal off with 2 bulgogi tacos. This time around I also order their Fusion Chimichanga, also with bulgogi. The tacos are always great and never disappoint. The chimichanga was really good, covered with red enchilada sauce and some pico, spot on.  The ratio of meat to other ingredients was really good, never tasted too much of anything. Good tasting food at an awesome price, will be back.
3	food is good.service needs improvement. i think they are short staff. my boyfriend and i went last night around 6pm was seated right away. the lady i think might be the owner took our order after 5 minutes. we waited 15 more minutes for water and 10 more minutes for the salsa and chips. when the chip and salsa finally came i show the lady the special check in deal on yelp for the free wanton she said ok.  my boyfriend love their special sauce which he had to go up to the counter to asked for.they were so busy. we didn't get any type of service till the bill.at this point we still didn't get our free check in wanton but didn't want to wait any more.they usual give you  a orange and fortune cookies at the end of the meal. the lady apologized  they had just run out of orange and left us with ONE fortune cookie for the TWO of us. i was disappointed. overall, it's good food for the price. they give a large portion but for sure need improvement on their service.one more thing, i'm sensitive to MSG and  i think they do used MSG in their seasoning.
5	GET THE CHIMICHANGA! GET THE CHIMICHANGA!It's a ways off the strip but totallllllllllllllllly worth it! promise.Found this place through the help of yelp, yeahhh buddy!Parking: Private lot and I'm sure it helps that there are 3? designated parking spots for KoMex customers! yayy! :DService: Is this place family owned? I swear the girl taking my order could care less about being there. She was dragging her feet every direction she had to go. bleh. We were seated as soon as we walked in.. to a verryy dusty table. ): eck. The girl brought the menus right away and gave us a few mins to decide what we wanted. We ordered our food, some chips and salsa/guacamole came and then we realized... we didn't even get place mats! :C which meant no napkins. which means we were just eating on a dusty table. *face palm* -_-'' FOOD: Have I mentioned that you should order the CHIMICHANGA?! Well, just in case I haven't... GET THE CHIMICHANGA!+_Complimentary Chips, Salsa, and Guacamole: The chips were warm when they got to the table and they were DELISH! The salsa was okay but I really enjoyed the guacamole. (:+_FREE Check-in Fried Wontons!! (; These were sooooo good! I believe they're 4 for $1.00 BUT you can get them for free when you check in :D woot woot! They came with a sweet and sour dipping sauce and were pretty hot in temperature so be careful.+_Tacos: M'boyfriend ordered one of these babies and it was BOMBB! Juicy, flavorful, warm tortilla, and mm mm good!+_Bulgogi burrito ( beef with rice, green & brown onions, pico de gallo, cilantro, lettuce, and sauce) : Mehh. I think I HAVE to try it with kim chi next time. It wasn't the head nodding, mmhmm, OMG, mouth full of food kind of experience. However, I will say that it was just as bigg as a chipotle burrito, was still good a couple hours after, and at $4.99 that isn't too shabby.+_CHIMICHANGA!! (cabbage, onions, cilantro and pico de gallo, topped with Enchilada sauce.) The boyfriend ordered a chimichanga and i was soo jealous I didn't order it! ): PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE order this :D The skin was crispy and it was amazing!Tips:+_Check in to get a free order of fried wontons+_the only thing that has free refills are their peach iced teas.+_don't sit at a table, try a booth? perhaps they're less dusty.+_GET THE CHIMICHANGA! it'll be the BEST hang over meal EVER.I already know what I want to try next! The mongolian beef!
3	quantity greater than quality place. Pretty good, but I'm not sure if I will go out of my way just to come here again.
4	Ate there the other day, and best description of their food.. "wow".Instant seating, ambiance & location would only rate 1 star at most.. but the food makes all the diff and that IS the point of a restaurant.  I had 2 Fusion Tacos, one with chicken and the other with pork.  I had no idea so much filler could fit on those little tacos, but they were both excellent - I especially loved the chicken one.  Hubby got the Bulgogi burrito and I could have sworn I saw little hearts fluttering around him when he bit into that monster.  I'll admit, I was surprised by the amount of damage he did to that, since I think there are countries with less land mass than that thing had.  And yes, I had a taste of it.. definitely a winner.Oh, and I had made the mistake of ordering the Spam Musubi - not that there was anything wrong with it, just no room left to fit it into my tummy after the tacos.  Once I started on them, the musubi just kinda got forgotten about.. I took it home, though, and had it the next day - still tasty despite being a day old, so I'm betting it would have been fantastic when it was fresh.We will definitely be back, and soon =D
5	With their super friendly staff, fast service, low prices, and tasty eats, KoMex is a win!The bulgogi burrito and kimchi fried rice are my absolute favorites. The meat is nicely marinated and chopped into the ideal size so that you get a perfect bite when you start chowing down.    Getting in and out is a breeze, but there is sometimes a wait because the place is tiny.  It's best to call your order ahead of time as it will usually take 15-20 minutes for them to prepare the food fresh!  Don't despair, the food is worth the wait. Credit/debit will be accepted, but for orders less than something like $10 a small fee of $0.50 will be added.  (Credit card company fees really add up!)  If you can, pay in cash and help support this wonderful small business!
5	i love good fusion.  i predict i will only eat off their fusion menu , but i will always wonder how good their  pure mexican or asian items are. beef bulgogi sliders were my favorite .  i like their chips, salsas, enchiladas & tacos.  i wanna try their fusion chimichanga & fish tacos/burritos. no music/radio.  a unique, rare treat w/nice decor & staff.  i won't go here after dark.  bad neighborhood = great pricing
4	All I can say is WOW!  What an experience here?  I was finally in the vicinity of Komex so I took that family to try out this place. I told them I was going to Dairy Queen....  Yeah right, who would go to DQ for frozen foods that are reheated.....1.  Why here?  Have no idea why this place is located on the north side of the 95 and Durango in a small strip mall however, it is very crowded.2.  Groups - Most of the tables are wide enough to squeeze in five not so huge people, and they have two areas where seating for about 6 is very comfortable. However, possibly about 40 people can be in this place so it time your visit well.3.  Food - Absolutely creative and amazing. If you are fond of Korean food, this is really cool.Tofu Taco with Kim Chee - Nice tasting, flavorful and a bit of spice.Bulgogi Taco - If you like the spicy salty sweet taste of Bulgogi, in a taco it really is nice.  I really liked all the kim chee on it, the chili paste, and the small round taco that is perfect to hold and eat.KimChee Fried Rice - This is a truly great dish. I am a BimBimBap person myself, and so this was a unique dish full of flavor and very red overall due to the Kim Chee.  We brought some home as leftovers. It was great.Bulgogi Slider Burger - My  son had this and he really liked it. He was quiet for a while as he scarfed this down.Mongolian Beef with Rice - Could not decide if this was better tasting than the Kim Chee Fried Rice.Teriyaki Chicken - Yeah, I know yet I have young ones and well, they like the more traditional stuff.  They do like Bulgogi and Kalbi and all the meats, however, sometimes you gotta get the Macaroni Cheese of Asian food... It was good.Port Won Ton Fried - 8 per serving. Tasty and what a good deal. 4.  Price - What an inexpensive place. Very nice on the budget.5.  Soda's a great variety of drinks all seemingly purchased at Costo and sold. You can pick it yourself out of the fridge and they will add it to your bill.  I did ask for water, and they take bottled water out of the fridge and so, I did not check my bill to see if this was paid or free.  I prefer fountain soda in larger cups however, I was here for the food.I like this place and will try it again for sure.  I think, that I am a real lover of the traditional Korean Style food, and I do like this place overall.GK says, if you are in the neighborhood, check it out.
5	I had been hearing about KoMex from fellow yelpers for weeks. The idea of blending Korean and Mexican food has been done before but not like this. Tucked away in some  stripmall near the Meadows Mall, KoMex doesn't look very impressive on the outside. Its a small restaurant, definitely a 'hole in the wall' which does not deter me at all. In fact, the casual mom n pop abiance really adds to the experience. The menu is actually quite extensive offering Mexican, Korean, and Chinese food. However, the fusion items are really what this place is all about. KoMex offers all different kinds of Korean+Mexican fusion dishes. Everything from tacos, burritos, and even bulgogi fries (kinda of like carne asada fries but with a slightly sweet and tangy Korean beef). I strongly recommend the bulgogi fries as I have never had anything like them before.What really makes the place awesome is the fact that there is no dish over $10. 3 Tacos, bulgogi fries come put to about $10. Another thing I love, is that when you order water, they give you free bottled water, not tap! On top, they offer free chips and guac (usually its just chips and salsa). Throw in the free yelp check in deal and you have a pair of great appetizers. The service is pretty good, the small set-up makes it easy to get a hold of your server. Also the fact that the place appears to be family run gives it that personal touch. I think KoMex really embodies much of what Yelp is all about, finding great places to eat off the beaten path which one would not normally thing about going.
5	Never had a bad meal here and the prices are great. The staff is always super friendly. The fusion tacos are where it's at!
5	Great food great price.
5	This is a new Vegas tradition for us. Found this place off-strip on our way out of town and decided to try something new.We ordered a buffet fit for kings, bulgogi burrito, bulgogi and kimchi nachoes, stir fry, wontons. Yum. The food was delicious. I don't think you can order the wrong thing here, it's all good.
5	I must say this place is amazing. We were recommended this place from a local at Costco. Totally worth it. I had the fusion torta and my bf had the fusion chimichanga which were both to die for. On top of the food being bombdiggaty the prices were excellent! Super cheap! We will always pay this place a visit when we come back to Vegas!!
5	I can not stop thinking about this place! Instead of trying to get you to relive my experience I'm just going to give you the reasons why you need to get up and go.1. Check in deals2. Free chips with salsa and guac3. Food is awesome (Love the tacos!) 4. Cheap!5. Veggie options6. The lady who owns it is super nice
5	I am so late on this bandwagon.  Writing a review for this now is like just getting into the "Lost" TV series yesterday.   Loved it all.  Kimchi was a must have for my tacos.  I enjoyed the pork, bulgogi and chicken in that order.  I wondered what their regular Chinese or non-fusion dishes are like but I will never know.  If I'm trekking it all the way up Decatur to get here, I'm getting the fusion goddamit!  My wife got the bulgogi burrito which was a monster.  That could be lunch for two.  Free fried wontons with a check-in.  Afternoon lunch coma sets in upon completion.  Corona or Hite beer would compliment their stuff perfectly.  Maybe they let people byob?
5	W - O - W !What can I say...Eric R. and I came for Jen S.'s UYE, and it was a grand time!The contest: $10 for all you can eat tacos (your choice of meat and sides) and free soda, iced tea or water for 15 minutes.The challengers: Eric R., Tiffanie R., Gabe, Jen S., and Danny.  The first four did the challenge at the same time, and Danny upon entering battled in round 2.It was a meaty, fast-paced chewdown with flavors flying and lots of excitement.  Jen and Eric were neck-and-neck when it got to tacos 9-11, but Eric's one extra bite claimed initial victory.  Enter Danny, who inhaled 8 tacos in 7 minutes, with all looking good, but he hit a wall, and after 9, Eric R. was declared the winner. The prize: a KoMex t-shirt and a picture with a sign that read, "I ate 11 tacos and one bite!"Tiffanie got recognized for being the only woman brave enough to try the challenge.Otherwise, for us sane people: Lily, Jieun L., Anthony M., Tony T., and Paolo D. - oh, and me! - we ordered from the menu.  I missed out on the free check-in wontons because they have pork, but we were given 4 plates of them generously!  We also got chips, salsa, guac and 4 hot sauces.  There was one I really liked with onions and Korean spices and other herbs.Everyone seemed to go for the lettuce wrap tacos except Paolo who ate his Torta Ahogada in record time and licked that plate clean!I got one beef fusion taco with avocado and jalepeno, and one fusion tostada, the star of the show...a rice patty (perfection!) topped with chicken, lettuce, pico, Korean hot sauce, avocado and jalepeno.  It was so amazing I wanted another one but refrained from overstuffing myself!  I think I am now hooked and next time I am over here, it is 2 rice patty tostadas for me!I also enjoyed the delicious mango-passionfruit iced tea.  I also noticed in the cold case KoMex carries Sweet Leaf mint and honey iced tea, the only sweet-ish tea I will drink (and it is made in AUSTIN!)Soooo much fun and I really liked everything I tasted.  Thank goodness Jen S.  hosted this fabulous event so we could finally eat here.  We also ran into Clint B. here who was here with his family for dinner!In this battle of man versus tacos, Eric R. won!
5	My favorite restaurant in Vegas. I fantasize about the fusion burrito with kimchi whenever I'm eating anything that isn't a fusion burrito with kimchi. Also the food quantity to cost ratio and flavor to cost ratio is more mind blowing than quantum mechanics. I just can't get my mind around it. But it doesn't matter, because every time I wrap my lips around a fusion burrito my mind instantly drifts away from rationality and enters an altered state of consciousness that consists of unadulterated bliss and euphoria. It's a profoundly addictive experience.
3	The Korean fusion thing has been getting a little out of hand. Since Kogi truck, korean-inspired foods have been popping up everywhere. I'm a little bit of a Korean-food purist--why mess with a good thing? But I can't complain (too much) about the grub they serve up at KoMex.FUSION TACOS: You have the option of beef, chicken, or pork. I sampled one of each in addition to a plain old shrimp taco. I added fried kimchi on one of them for an extra $1.. I won't ever do that again. Kimchi is good with a lot of things; just not on my tacos. The kimchi was a little too sour for my taste. The tacos without that extra Korean element were quite good though! The cabbage was crunchy, and it was balanced with just the perfect amount of onion, cilantro, and darn good pico.VARIETY: This tiny restaurant has a huge menu. Korean Mexican food, Mexican food, American food, and Chinese. Now if they only made donuts... I want to say they're DTM. But the food here is good. I tried a little of everything; nothing great, nothing awful. The 'KoMex' gimmick isn't anything special. But if you're craving a cheeseburger with your KBBQ taco and taquitos, KoMex is a one stop shop.
5	Service and food was almost too good!  The servings are huge and so its hard to try everything you want to try in a single visit.  Will make it a point to include a trip there when ever I go to Vegas.  I should have ordered something to go to bring back with me.
5	Love this place. We go every week. Cheap Eats, Great food, Great service. You can't ask for more! Their kimchi is great ! I have it on everything. I always tend to try something new here everytime I go but, the tacos are still my fav. Love the house salsas and hot sauces !
5	Fantastic food at a FANTASTIC price!!  I got Jim's Bulgogi Fried Rice and still have half the plate left over when I was through.  I have a whole meal left in the refrigerator and for the price, you can't beat it!  I will definitely be back to try more of the Fusion items.  Thanks Yelp!  Great 1st find for me!!  :-)
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place.  Believe me when I say I have thought about it OFTEN since my last trip to Vegas.Food, prices, service--a true five star place found in an unassuming strip mall off the strip.  Free chips and salsa upon arrival, and a check-in deal for some tasty dumplings.I had three tacos with Kimchi (one pork, one chicken, one beef).  They were $1.50ish each.  All three were extremely generous in size, flavor, and taste.  I probably liked the beef one best.It was one of those meals that I didn't want to finish because I'd be too sad when it was over, but I decided to eat it all because I was worried the tacos would lose their magic once Primm was in the rear-view mirror.CHECK OUT OF YOUR HOTEL AND THEN GO HERE for lunch before driving back to LA.  My riding partner saved one of her tacos and it was still wonderful in Barstow, so you could even load up on to-go.This place has minor issues with lack of fountain drinks (they have cans), a location that is a bit remote, and a strange bathroom; however, none of these conditions can even threaten these five stars.A memorable meal for two at under $10.  If you haven't been here, you're making a mistake.  Sorry about all the hype.
3	This place is a not a place for large groups and I hate that because I like going with friends. There are booths and maybe 3 tables. The interior is nothing fancy.::: PROSInexpensive foodGood-tasting fried riceDecent amount of menu options::: CONSSpam in the musubi was sooo thin and tinyNo refills on drinksBasically one server, so service was poor (missing utensils, dirty tables, etc.)Friend found a hair in their fried rice! : /They immediately replaced the fried rice (with the hair in it) by making a brand new one for them. And I get it, I know accidents happen. It still does not call for a pleasant experience though, right? Nonetheless, my friends thought the food was very good and mentioned it in the weeks following.I would go back here, but only with a few people. Hopefully my experience will be better...
5	Totally a hole in the wall but oh so good! The decor is outdated with very cushy booth seating but the service is quick and friendly. We got the bulgogi burrito that was huge that I shared with my bf. The galbi tacos were delicious and packed that I made 2 tacos since there's 2 pieces of tortilla. My bf said that this was by far the best galbi tacos that he's tasted and we're from LA! Did I mention the homemade chips with the yummy guac and salsa that they first bring out? YUM!
5	Great price
5	SO delicious!  I am still working my way around the menu, so I am not sure yet which is my favorite.  However, there hasn't been a single disappointment.  The bulgogi tacos, tostada and chimichanga were all fantastic and service has always been super-friendly.I could be happy just with the free chips, salsa and guacamole and they always taste so fresh.
5	Absolutely amazing place. Reasonably priced, friendly/attentive service, and great food. Don't review much, but this was worth remembering my yelp login.
5	This is place was great!  I've actually had food from the grandfather of all food trucks, the Kogi truck, that helped pioneer the Korean/Mexican fusion cuisine.  This place was sooo good.  Ingredients were very fresh, marinated meats were so tasty and everything was so flavorful.  I sampled the chicken tostada, beef tacos and lettuce wraps (all fusion).  I was delighted by it all!
5	We went on a Wednesday night and it was full, but not crowded.  Service was attentive and the food came out in a timely fashion.  Order the nachos, they are amazing.  Everything we had was excellent.  Go, you'll be happy you did.
5	Komex is still killing it. I bring a deathly looking angry korean with a hangover from hell to finally try this joint. For her....not da bidness yo... I look on the menu and the Ghetto Style Ramen is not on there. Double Sad Face...    :(     :(     If you're in the know, they will still serve you this item.  YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEH!!!
5	Wow! Just got back from Ko Mex. Wife & I spent a whopping $19.55 for 3 fusion tacos, 2 tacquitos & kimchee fried rice!  Ko mex is just as most reviewers see it, a small shop in a strip mall that I would have easily passed had it not been for Yelp.We drove the 10 miles from our hotel to try Ko Mex. All I can say is I wish we had one of these in Torrance. The Fusion tacos, both beef & chicken with kim chee were absolutely DEEEE LISH ISSS! But my fave was the lettuce wrap with pork! I let my wife taste it ( she had the kim chee rice ) & she wolfed 3/4 of the wrap while I was sucking down a Pina Jarrito! Great service, we were so lucky it wasnt too busy so service was extra qwik. I love hitting these places during non peak days as you feel unrushed and can really enjoy the food....Oh btw, we had to bring half the rice home cuz we were so full! Add in orange & fortune cookies for dessert & you have one Fantastic place to Eat. So happy we found this treasure!
4	I loved this restaurant. I think that the fusion between Korean and Mexican food is incredible. I had  there a fusion burrito with the Korean Beef and it was huge once I received it we also ordered the fusion nachos with the Korean Beef. It was really good. I would highly recommend this place to any one. One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. The only thing that I wish they would change is to make there Mexican style salsa more spicier. But other than that this place rocks!
5	Only 229 reviews, so I'll add another one!  I found this on Yelp, and it was only 4 miles from my hotel downtown, so I had to try it.  Best tacos I've ever had!  I ordered a chicken flour taco, a beef corn taco, and a chicken lettuce taco, and was served complimentary chips, salsa, and guac, along with bottled costco water, and the check was $5.25!  I ordered different variations of Tacos all 4 times I went, so I can't comment on the rest of the menu, but both friends I brought with me during my later visits loved it as much as I did!If you are in Vegas, don't skip this place!!
4	Very good food loved the noodles and the service was outstanding.  The only knock is the outward appearance, a little strip mallish
4	I have to admit I was not as impressed as I expected to be, but I was not let down either. I liked everything we ordered, which was the fusion chicken fried rice, fusion tacos (chicken and pork) and a fusion beef burrito. The tacos were my fav, the pork especially. The tea was perfect, hot jasmine tea, yum.  Our waitress was very nice, the wait wasn't too bad (felt worse cuz we were starving).  I wouldn't get fried rice again, maybe not the burrito, but tacos yes.
4	We ordered the fried rice, chow fettucine, and tacos. All were delicious. Huge portions and inexpensive. It's a hole in the wall but the food was really good. I think their tacos are actually better than the Kogi taco truck. The tacos don't have as much filling, they're small but flavorful and only $1.30 a piece. The other entree dishes are huge - sort of a Chinese style share dish. I am definitely going back to sample other items on the menu.
5	AMAZING!!! I was referred here by a friend and at first thought "Korean and Mexican?? WEIRD... i dont know"... but my husband and I were in the area and thought why not, lets try it... after my friend had nothing but great things to say about this place. We tried the chimichanga and it was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING.... We actually did 1/2 chicken 1/2 beef (have you EVER been to a place that will make a burrito half and half? i havent!) The meat has fantastic flavor. I'm not a beef girl but i'd order a whole plate of their beef - its that good. The chimichanga was HUGE enough for both of us to share it (and my husband also had a beef taco which also was delicious) and we were FULL and it was $11 total with drinks. YOu cant beat that.THe service was great. The server was so nice and attentive- you could tell she was the owner. The only thing I'd change is their chips they serve. They were burnt, too thick and kind of bland but their salsa is great. And lets face it, i'm fat so I we ate two baskets anyway so they cant be that bad. lolAll in all, food was delicious, A LOT of food for cheap, great prices, great service great flavor. Hell even my burps taste delicious. Bahaha!
5	Yelp has never let us down yet. We love the food here..affordable and was enough to fill up our bottomless pit son!
5	Great food!You have to try the Fusion Bulgogi Nachos, possibly the best nachos ever! Meat, Mozzarella Cheese, Pico de Gallo, Jalapeno & Spicy Korean Hot Sauce.Inexpensive (not cheap), 2 people, 4 dishes (took half of 2 dishes home), drinks (iced tea), tip, $36.
5	This place is amazing place to go eat. . The portions are huge especially the burritos. I tired the fusion burrito with meat in it  its good . The other highlight of the meal is the complimentary guacamole with the chips . The price for the food is good. they even offer Stevia to sweeten the iced tea. I thought  it was great. Overall this is a must go to restaurant everything is so good you wont regret it.
5	So lucky to find this place. Go there before DDD discovers it.
5	Drooooooling. Totally drooling.  It was everything that I thought it would be.  I wanted to come here for the longest time, but it's so damn far.  It's located in a small plaza, but you can't miss it.  You can categorize this spot as a hole in the wall for sure-  You won't miss it.  You can't miss it. The fusion is amazing.   Mexican and Korean!!!! are you kidding me?  It's like two of my most favorite food worlds colliding and having a baby.   like a Brangelina baby.  My daughter was who knows where on what trip, but this visit consisted of me, my husband, and son.  We love korean food as a family.  Mexican... me and the daughter are pretty much the only ones that will suggest it.   So that being said... here we go.  So here's my order:  and don't think i'm a heffer, I did say it's far right?  I had to try EVERYTHING while I could.  So I did.  :P  They start you off w/ Salsa and Guac-Fusion Bulgogi Fries:Meat, Mozzarella Cheese, Pico de Gallo, Jalapeno & Spicy Korean Hot Sauce-  DUDE.  yes.  it's ALL of that... and more.   like, I could've just walked out w/ ALL that in my belly... but of course I ordered more.  It's good.  Lots of meat, and a very large plate full.  I had 3 tacos!  1 of each! pork, chicken, beef! fusion tacos Dak-gogi tacos-were my fav of the 3 marinated tacos: Flour Tortilla with Lettuce, Pico de Gallo, Sour Cream -- DROOL.  I love tacos.  like, my 5th love.  We also had Kim Chee Fried Rice..... YUM!  I make a pretty mean fried rice... so this... is ooooookaaaaaaay....  It's a little oily, but still very yummy. You know what, to be honest with you I don't remember what they had... and it doesn't even matter because I requested we go there this night.  And I was very happy.... I think they were too.  ?  Idk. but I was.  and when mommys happy... everyone's happy.
5	One more five star rating for this great hidden treasure. The fusion portion of the menu was incredible. Owners were very friendly. Prices were reasonable. Only down side is the crowd and the parking. With food this good, I understand why those are a problem.
4	Who would think that a fusion of Mexican and Korean would work?  Well, it does.  It was fun to check out all of the different options.  The prices are low and the flavor was high...great combo.  I tried four different things, all of which I enjoyed, but the Kim Chee fried rice was my favorite.  The restaurant was a hole in the wall, but I guess it will keep the prices down if the rent is low.  I would have liked to see a soda fountain, but not too big a deal.
4	The Korean/Mexican fusion thing has been popular for a couple of years now. Some places do it better than others, and KoMex definitely does it right. If you are new to KoMex fusion just remember to keep an open mind. The experience is not like going to a great tacorilla, nor is it like going to a nicer Korean restaurant. It's different, but delicious. The wife and I always order way too much food trying to sample as many dishes as possible. But just like Chief Lone Watie, we always "Endeavor to persevere." http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csEzTwKemwYToday Tacodillas were on special. Kind of a taco inside of a quesadilla. Fantastic!Bulgogi Tacos came next. Also absolutely delicious. And we finished up the night with the massive Bulgogi Nachos. A great meal, with drinks, all for about $16.
4	This food is amazing! My family went to try Komex last weekend because we love Mexican food, and we love Korean food. We heard about it from Las Vegas Weekly magazine. We tried the Bulgogi rice, bulgogi nachos, and the teriyaki chicken. The Korean flavors are the best! They have a Korean spicy sauce that is to die for! Not spicy! Just perfect. The only complaint would be the service. For a first timer it is a little confusing because you really don't know if you need to seat yourself or if there is a waitress. Well, we just sat down ourselves and a waitress did show up. It was busy so I understand...The food outweighs any problem with service. I would recommend this to anyone who wants good food!
5	Awesome little hole in the wall, this spot has extremely nice staff working here. This is another reason why I love coming to family own businesses they always seem to know how to take care of their customers. Food here is decent in price with an awesome taste that will knock your shoes off. I'm a sucker for yummy food that has kimchi in it and guess what this place decided to do? Yeah some genius here thought it'd be a good idea to put kimchi in their fried rice and WOW was it awesome. Kimchi fried rice with some of that nicely tasting marinated meat all bunched up in the fried rice.....I hate for those of you guys that can only imagine this tasty food and can't have a chance to eat it. If you're definitely in the area, I really really suggest you come to this spot and try it out, if you like Korean food, then this place is a must. They also have some Mexican food as well, but if you come here I suggest you try the fusion side of the menu. You simply can't go wrong with KO-rean food fused with MEX-ican food. KOMEX you guys rock. Having friendly staff as well, makes this place that much better. I really wish they would have a place like this is the Bay Area instead of those cheap imitations.On top of the fried rice, we also ordered the bul go gi burrito, I believe that was what it was called. It was just like the fried rice, but all wrapped up in a burrito. Another thing that was good here was their fried wonton, which were pretty much ground beef wrapped into a wonton (this item is free if you check in from yelp). I almost forgot that we also ordered the bul go gi fries. Just as the others were good, the fries were just as good. All these things were too good to be true and I highly recommend any one of these.When coming here please beware, that your tastebuds will go nuts after eating here, making you want to come back for more. It just sucks that I live 9 hours from this place and I can only get it when I'm in Vegas.I WILLLLLL BE BACK FOR MORE KOMEX!
5	Well, if the Yelp reviews of this place are anything to sniff at, I knew that a treat was sure to follow after reading the mouth-watering descriptions of the Mexican/Korean fusion. Normally, I'm not sure this sounds like such a good combination, but somehow they pull it off. Boy do they ever!I ordered the Bulgogi fusion beef burrito and fusion chicken Bulgogi tacos. Both were excellent, but the chicken tacos were unreal once you sprinkle it with some hot sauce. The spices they put on the meat just make it explode in your mouth. Each taco is small, so order three or four. You won't regret it!The order was served with free chips salsa and guacamole. If you check-in with the Yelp! mobile app, you'll get four handmade (on site!) wontons on the house. A small orange for desert and a couple of fortune cookies and you're on your way. Despite not being busy, the order took a while to fill, but is totally worth the wait.Certifiable mouth explosions!
5	Komex was amazing. I went with my family and bf and we all ordered different things. We got the Kim chee fried rice, Mongolian beef, bulgogi fries and fusion burrito. All of which were amazing, the best Mongolian beef ever. The bulgogi fries was so amazing that we came back the next day only to find out that they are closed on mondays. Try this place!!!!!
3	its really just OK. not really worth the gas money to drive all the way out north for me. I had the tacos, nachos and fried rice. the ingredients are fresh for sure, but both the tacos and nachos looks better than they taste. something about the flavor just wasn't quite there. the fried rice was the winner out of the three, but i can easily get better fried rice in Chinatown, closer to where i live.
5	Went around 6pm and the place was nearly full. Took a little long to have my order taken but I wasn't complaining because they had a sign that explained it wasn't fast food and everything was made to order so be patient. After tasting the food it was well worth a little extra waiting time.The chips with salsa and guacamole were the best I've had in Vegas. I really wanted to get full on those alone. Up next we had the Bulgogi nachos and they didn't disappoint either. Stacked high and covered in cheese and beef I was digging in elbow deep. Most places skimp you with barely enough toppings for a big pile of chips but Komex had the perfect 50/50 toppings to chip ratio. I had the bulgogi burrito and my roomie had the bulgogi chimichanga. Both were pretty darn good. The bulgogi was super tender and extremely flavorful and all the fresh ingredients stuffed inside really sent my taste buds for a wild ride. I wish the rice inside the burrito would of had a little more texture to it but once again that's easily overlooked in the grand scheme of things. After our meal our waitress(owner?) bought out some orange slices which I thought was really cool and a nice way to finish off a meal. The server was really busy but always had a smile on her face and made small talk with everyone to create a cozy feel within the restaurant which will have me coming back weekly.TLDR: Amazing food, great service considering one lady was doing the entire front of house. Price was 21$ for two apps and two entrees which is pretty great at this quality level. Be patient because their food is worth the wait.
4	Forgive me diet, for I have sinned.Okay I'm not really on a diet, and if I were I certainly wouldn't be ordering Bulgogi Fried Rice as I did this afternoon for lunch.2nd time at KoMex. The first time I had an order of 3 tacos, each with a different meat and the optional kimchee on top.   Absolutely loved the meal, and lunch for 2 dining in (6 tacos and 2 drinks total) came out to some absurdly cheap price ($15?)  This time I called in a take-out order of Bulgogi Fried Rice because calories and self respect be damned, I was hungry for Fried Rice (which only happens about 3 times a week so I had to act on it).   Upon arriving the restaurant was full (great sign!) and I was warmly greeted and served and brought my food back to my office.   Upon opening the container I was shocked by the sheer mountain of fried rice that greeted me and I quickly closed it for fear of a co-worker seeing it.   Coast was clear so I took a few bites and was initially somewhat disappointed before realizing that I hadnt put any hot sauce on it.  Rookie mistake.  My impressions greatly changed of the dish after that in a good way, but overall I still found the bulgogi itself to not be as strong a flavor as I was expecting.   You could have told me this was a beef fried rice from some other chinese restaurant in Vegas and I probably would have been fooled.  It was still decent and combined with the previous 5 star experience and amazing value we're sitting at 4 stars overall for me.
5	KoMex is yummy and fresh. KoMex is cheap. They had great service when I went here. So in my book, KoMex is awesome :)They're known for their tacos, which is what they recommend I try first. Your choice of Korean-style chicken, bulgogi beef, or spicy pork. With corn tortillas, $1.29. With flour tortillas, $1.99 each. They have some traditional Mexican and Korean dishes you can order, but I think the popular items were all on the left-side of the menu, basically Asian- style tacos, burritos, enchiladas, etc. I ordered three tacos, trying each meat. Delicious! I'm looking forward to going back :)
5	The food here is HIGHLY ADDICTIVE! Service, prices & portion size are outstanding! My favorite is the Fusion Bulgogi Tostada, Calamari Tacos & Carne Asada Fries (the best in town) but everything is Good! Talk about flavor & deliciousness! If you want a change from the typical foods, you must go here!
4	My husband and I decided to try this place based on a friend's recommendation. It was very good! We tried their Bulgogi burrito and it makes you think why has no one ever done it before. The staff was helpful and friendly and through the yelp deal, we got a free order of fried wontons. Their chips and salsa was also tasty.The only downside is that I wished they had a bigger location do seating wouldn't be a problem. With how popular this joint is becomingg, customers are having some trouble fighting for tables.
5	Took the 15 y/o last Saturday. Made up some story for the better half that we had to go Mom's day shopping. My bulgogi burrito was wonderful and huge and tasty and huge and perfect and huge.We split an order of musubi. The kid loves musubi! I'm finally starting to come around to the idea that he might be mine after all.The kid got the the bulgogi cheesesteak. Bulgogi + melted cheese+ peppers and onions = YES! I swear he tried to bite me when I reach over to get a taste.Thanks Komex! You're the best! P.S. Still waiting the the SW joint
5	i enjoyed my mongolian beef - very sweet!I went one monday... closed. And again yesterday.. closed! ah duh! obviously , they are closed on mondays.... but its just so odd!
5	Yum! I love their bulgogi tacos! The extra stuff they put on top is excellent and the meat (while a little greasy) tastes great. The staff is always really friendly. This 5-star  rating is based 100% on their food, because the booths are really uncomfortable.
5	Korean food -Yes! Mexican food- Good!  KoMex combines them both --Are you freakin' kidding me? Although this is not in the best of neighborhoods, you need to go now! No really -- GO NOW! The bulgogi nachos are fantastic! Piled high with Mozzarella cheese and tasty beef, these nachos are big enough for two to share. The nachos come with a hot sauce that is absolutely amazing. At first, it looked like it might be too spicy, but then out of nowhere it hits you upside the head with a sweet kick. I also tried Jim's bulgogi fried rice- WOW! Could be the best thing I ever ate -- at least top 3. Strangely addicting, this fried rice doesn't come with the previously mentioned hot sauce-but go ahead and add some. For a party of 5, we spent about 40 dollars and had leftovers to take home. I seriously wonder how they could charge so little for food this good. I have told at least 10 people about this restaurant in the last week-I can't stop!
5	This is the first time I have ever had a fusion taco. I have seen them all over tv. This was worth it. I spent less than $6 bucks for 4 tacos, chips and salsa with guac on the side, and a bottle of water. They are short staffed, but the person waiting on was so nice and was worth the wait. Where do they get their oranges they serve at the end of the meal? It was sweet and the best thing to end your meal with, light and refreshing.
5	Great food, great prices, great service, great hospitalityI ordered the beef bulgogi burrito with kimche and it was great, and those two red sauces are amazing!You can't beat the prices here, they really hook it up.
4	place isn"t new but a gem . wait service is on top of it and food is awesome. we will be back.
5	Love the food here!  Bulgogi fried rice is bomb!  Here's a tip- if you're ordering take out, make sure you order on the phone.  it takes a while if you're ordering to go and waiting at the restaurant.  but i suppose its well worth the wait!
5	Amazing. i have eaten there 6 times in the past 4 weeks. just can't get enough of the food.
4	I gave these guys a try a couple weeks ago. I was truly impressed with what I ate. This establishment gives LA's Kogi Taco trucks a run for their money!
5	A hidden gem amongst the bright lights and big, expensive city of Las Vegas! This was something I've never tried before... Korean/Mexican fusion? What? You've got to be kidding, right? Nope! And I'm glad others reviews helped to steer us to this WONDERFUL place during our stay in Vegas. I could only wish that we had found it sooner! I had the fusion tacos -  Bulgogi beef. $1.29 each.... and worth twice that! They state they're small... but, these pack a mega punch! Soft flavorful beef....the sweet cabbage... the tasty corn tortilla... HEAVEN.My hubby also enjoyed his meal. He went with the 2 meat combo plate. Bulgogi beef and Dak-gogi chicken. He was only sad that he couldn't finish it all! (and we had no place to heat it up and store it for leftovers in our hotel :(  super sad).And the fried wontons? A definite must! Try them! I mean, they're only a dollar for goodness sakes!We came out of there content and stuffed! And, our bill only came to around $20 for everything! (including our passion fruit mango iced teas! yum!)Last, but not least, the people working there were so polite and gave excellent service. Even while visiting at prime lunch time with a packed house!I WILL be visiting again the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Another consistent meal from KoMex in an city with nothing but restaurants serving inconsistent food.  I would recommend this place to anyone seeking good quality, fresh, home-made foods, ran by friendly and dedicated professionals (owners).  The staff are warm and friendly, the food is very reasonable, and they're consistent every time!  Anything with their Bulgogi Beef, whether it's their fries or jim's bulgogi fried rice....it's all good.  Their Tostada's are also awesome due to their asian twist.
5	Thank goodness for yelp - we would have never known about this awesome place!  We read the reviews and went for late lunch after 2pm and it was great, no wait!  The server said they had a crazy lunch hours where people had to wait hours in the parking lot!
5	Great food, great service and low prices. What else can you ask for. One of the best places in Vegas. Everything we ordered tasted great even the kids loved it.
5	Korean and Mexican Fusion, huh, you got to be kidding!!! However, it worked for me and for my entourage. We went on May 27, 2012 and were delighted. I'm a vegetarian so for me the vegetarian burrito infused with Kim Chi was a culinary tasteful experience. My entourage, loved their choices as well. This is a unique, non-fast food original cuisine that is well worth the experience. I will definitely be a repeat customer.  In my opinion their prices were too low. They should move to China Town, increase their prices 20% and will still double their business.
4	Came here on a friend's recommendation.  Definitely good, flavorful food.  Seems more mexican than korean fusion, but good nonetheless.  A true 3.5/5 in my book, but I will round up to a 4 since it was better than a 3.The location sucks.  It is in an old part of town, near nothing else, but the food is worth it if you are around this part of town.We tried the tacos and the fries platter, both with kim chi, and both were yummy.  Overall it was good and I can see myself coming back again, just not running back anytime soon
5	I came here with my friend since she was on a budget and we needed a place to eat, she told me this place is super delicious, glad that I went with her, cuz now this place is definitely on my go-to list!So far, I have only tried the fusion tacos, in both beef and chicken, I personally like the beef better just because I love bulgogi xD The corn tortillas are small, but with alot of fillings. When I first looked at it, I was like, "How am I supposed to eat this without being messy?", but my friend was like, "You just can't be afraid to get messy." And yeah, it gets messy, but once you take a bite, it's worth the mess :pAlso, I tried the bulgogi fries, the portion is huge, good enough to share with your friend if you guys are not eating anything else, and the fries... very very very good. I love these kind of fries that have toppings on top, with all the cheese, bulgogi, kimchi, jalapenos, and other ingredients, this fries is a little spicy and a little sweet, just amazing!I also tried the Bulgogi Tostado, but I had it when I was like full already after the 2 tacos and a little bit of fries, so I don't remember much from it, and I didn't have much of this dish. All I remember was that the rice was crispy, but a little hard. If I have another chance, I might get this again when I'm not that full.I took another friend there, and she ordered the bulgogi burrito, she told me it was good, and after that, she drove all the way down there to get that burrito again, must be really good :)As for the service, some people complained that the lady was unattentive, but please cut her some slack. That place is packed and she's the only one that's waitressing! When I was there and it was busy, you can tell she tried her best to keep everyone satisfied. I actually thought she is a really good waitress, nice and attentive.
5	What a surprise! The food was excellent.Seeing the place from the outside and the plaza brought serious doubts about coming all this way to eat in this place. Boy was it worth it!Korean-Mexican fusion is something you are not likely to see often, especially in a small place that looks as if it only does take away!We ordered fusion tacos, fusion burrito, fusion quesadilla and fried rice bulgogi.The best was the burrito - it was stellar! I would have skipped the quesadilla - in such a place I rather fill my tummy with better things than molten cheese!Service was extremely nice.
5	I don't like to write reviews for places that have a lot of reviews already. But this place is deeeeeelicious and I would like to share my thoughts. My friends have been telling me about it for awhile, and I had heard about it but I was kind of nervous with the whole Asian/Mexican fusion. It didn't sound too appealing to me. This is a dive, but as I always say, I have found some of the most amazing food in the most unexpected places. I remembered it the other day when we were running errands and my boyfriend didn't sound too excited either after I told him what it was. I assured him that I trusted my friend's opinion and that it had really good reviews on Yelp. We had the following - (Mind you, this was only two of us.)Fushion Shrimp Taco Fushion Daeji gogi Taco2 chicken flautasFusion Enchilada Plate with shrimp, Bulgogi (Beef), Dak-gogi (Chicken).They serve chips, salsa and guacamole. All very good. The salsa is awesome. Oh, as always...a Mexican coke.This was all $17.00.All very amazing. We both LOVED everything. Even the sauces they give you for the food were delicious! I went back the NEXT DAY and got the Chow Fettuccine(Thick Noodles with Meat* and Vegetables) with beef. ***Warning, they do use a lot of garlic, so expect to be tasting it for awhile after you eat. I love this place, and it is one of my new favorites. The prices are AWESOME, service is friendly and very quick. Don't let the idea scare you, it's much better than you can imagine.
4	Yummy, yummy, yummy!
5	I eat here at least once a week, so wanted to update my review.Still ordering the lettuce wrap fusion tacos, and an occasional torta or fish taco.They hired some new help, and as if this place couldn't get any better, the service is better and the food comes out quicker now.
5	This is a hidden gem in Las Vegas. It is hard to find unless you know where to look but the search is worth it. It sounds like a strange combination of Mexican and Korean but it makes for some fabulous tastes. The food is cooked fresh and the portion sizes are huge! My wife had the Bulgogi Chimichanga and we couldn't believe how big it was and how great it tasted. I had the Carne Asada and it was very authentic not the typical Tex-Mex style Mexican food that generally gets served. Since everything is made fresh, you can add or take away from any of the dishes. This will definitely be a regular stop for us.
5	I have been hearing how great this place is.  I'm here to tell you that it lives up to the hype.  The pork bolgogi was really great - super tender meat with just the right amount of seasoning.  My friend ordered the Korean tacos - one chicken and one pork and a fusion burrito. He gave the thumbs up to all of it.  The service was great - very fast for the place being filled to capacity and a line of people waiting outside to get in.  The portions are big and the prices are low. I think the tacos were about $1.29 each. I can't wait to go back and try more items on the menu.  Go support this oustanding small business.  You'll be glad that you did!
4	I've been to Komex a couple times now.  I first visited when they were brand new and gaining a following on Yelp.  While I was impressed with their pricing, I wasn't as impressed with their veg-friendly items we ordered.  There were no Korean-Mexican fusion eats for this girl.It took a while for us to make it back, and the thing that changed was that they added tofu to their menu.  While I'm not a big tofu eater, I thought maybe this addition could help improve some of the times on their menu so I decided to finally stop back.  Guess what?  I can finally get fusion things here!  Hooray!I'm a big, big fan of the tofu fusion tacos.  The tortillas are fresh, the marinated cabbage adds nice crunch and flavor, and it all comes with a selection of sauces to add!  The tacos are filled to the brim, so a fork and knife are pretty necessary here.I've also had the Chow Fettuccine noodles.  They aren't bad, they aren't spectacular, but they are a decent noodle with tons of veggies for an awesome price.  It's definitely a cheap way to fill you up.My husband has ordered the veggie burrito (not fusion) and I don't care for it too much.  They add broccoli and baby corn and some other things that I think make it a little strange.  But my husband likes it and that's all that matters.I have a feeling meat-eaters really enjoy this place.Good food, great prices, awesome people.  Definitely worth a trip.
4	Finally got over to this place! It's a bit hidden in a tiny strip mall type building but easy enough to find. The food was very good, no complaints at all. I tried the tacos (one of each) and two burritos, one regular and one fusion. I prefered the regular burrito to the fusion one, it seemed to have a bit more flavor. I prefer the burritos at Cafe Rio, these are about the same size (huge) but not quite as good. The standout was the tacos, spefically the beef ones, these are what is gonna get me back there. The flavor was excellent and the price is right! Worth checking out for sure!
5	Went there Saturday night, got the Bulgogi Slider special.  Delicious!!!  Added a Fusion taco on flour tortilla with chicken and kimchi.  Perfect meal to end the night on!  Can't wait to go back.
5	Soooooooo goooooood!! I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia! From now on when I go to Las Vegas I'm eating here every day...well almost. Super Yummy. I can't get over it!
4	I had the bulgolgi taco and fries for ~11. - Taco was savory! i enjoyed the kimchi substitute. - Fries are creative yet too sweet. I prefer the regular carne asada fries. - Pricing is very reasonable.- Great service. I was delighted to find out that the bottle of water was free of charge!^____^!
4	Great food at a resonable price. So good you don't even mind the older small dining area. The have plans to update the dining area soon. The best items are the fusion menu items: enchiladas, nachos, and toastadas. The best meat is the pork by far. If you eat pork skip the others meats if you don't try the beef. Great value for flavors and porition sizes.
5	Excellent!!! Food was very good! And they are super friendly. They checked up on me multiple times and asked me if everything is okay with a smile. I ordered the bulgogi tacos with Kim chee and spicy pork bulgogi with rice. Better than any other fusion place I tried. Will be a regular here from now on.
4	This place is soooo good.  And love the prices, it's a small place but they're remodeling!  Offers American and Mexican sodas ::thumbs up::
5	Despite the shabby appearence, this place has some really fantasic food. I recomend trying the fusion tacos, although I have yet to get something bad from them. And be sure to get an order of wontons for only $1!It can sometimes be busy 12-1, for the lunch crowd. But off hours get you the best service, and if you wait for the busy hours, it WILL be worth it.I ordered beef fusion tacos on flour this visit, and they are great.
5	Best tacos in Las Vegas, great price. My favorite place in town!!!
5	Great food at even better prices..what more can I say.  This will be My new GOTO spot in Vegas!!!!
5	Believe all the hype , this is the real deal, to legit to quit, money in the bank, and your loan has been approved!   Get anything with Kim Chee and be in heaven.  I dont know how they thought this shtuff up, but its brilliant.  Perfect combo of Mex and Korean.  10star food, takeout for me, but amazing!    TOP PICK IN VEGAS FOR ME!!
5	Went to this hole in the wall restaurant on a friend's recommendation as well as the superb Yelp rating.  Location is in a strip shopping center and supposedly the interior has been recently updated.  Started off with their fusion bulgogi fries which was very good - covered in cheese and meat.  Followed by their fusion tacos - one of each meat with the bulgogi being my favorite meat.  My wife really enjoyed the fusion burrito with chicken.  The mango/passionfruit unsweetened tea was a bit to sutle for my tastes.  Great food with equally wonderful prices.
4	Yelp steers us well to a great off the strip find - news at 11!But seriously, I rented a car on this visit to town so we could partake in some off-strip dining a la Yelp recommendations.  Being a lover of Korean & Korean fusion this was a must-try, and I was not disappointed.They give you A TON of food here.  My honey and I are big folks and big eaters but we agreed afterwards we both should have ordered half orders of our dishes.  He got the bulgogi nachos and I got the bulgogi fried rice.  I ate less than half of mine and was stuffed.  He ate about half of his.  This is a GREAT place to feed a family on a budget!  Alas we didn't have the whole family so we had leftovers.  GET THE HALF ORDER unless you are sharing - you have been warned.I love their chips.  They alone are worth a visit.  And, they serve them with guacamole which is a huge plus.  I would have preferred bigger slices of bulgogi in the rice, it was actually a bit difficult to tell it was bulgogi fried rice vs. some other fried rice, until I put the sweet chili sauce on top which gave it a more distinctly Korean flavor.  The bulgogi nachos had a bit bigger chunks on them, and they were good too - surprisingly a totally different flavor profile than our local DFW korean fusion place's version of korean nachos.The server was very nice, but seemed overwhelmed by the lunch crowd that piled in right after we did.  It's not fast food so don't come when you're in a hurry, but do go.  It's different and it's good and it's a bargain.
3	Overall the prices of this place was really reasonable with large portions. The food was good but not amazing. The server was a doll but the atmosphere of the restaurant seemed a little run down and dirty.I think the only reason I didn't love this place is because I had high expectations for this place! I can not get over how dirty this place looked. I ordered the lettuce wrapped with Bulgogi and again although an interesting concept, the food was not amazing.
5	WOW, the fried rice is delicious!  A bit oily, but so tasty.  Chips and guac while you wait?  I'm in heaven!
4	Strange, but quite tasty. The restaurant looks kind of dingy, but the food far exceeded my expectations. The bulgogi anything is delicious -- the flavor of the beef is so excellent. Chips and salsa were also really tasty. Portions here are HUGE and for a good price! Service was also really friendly.
5	Great food. Thank god I like it spicy. I took some home to some kids not considering the spice level and they said it was too hot. So be mindful of that. I ordered the fusion nachos, burrito, 3 tacos each with a different meat, a lettuce taco with kimchi and vegetarian noodle dish. Because I was traveling, sharing and heard it was cheap. My favorite was the burrito, then the nachos. It was all good but I didn't care for the noodles (just me). The only thing that bugged me was the waitress kept wiping sweat off her brow and I was hoping she was catching all of it. I hope someone recommends her to wear a sweat band like the tennis players do.
5	this place was really good! i had read a few reviews just to see what to order and my group of 6 had 3 orders of everything they wanted and nothing disappointing!! it was all flavorful. the place looks dingy but dont let that detour you. the owners are VERY courteous and help with any thing they can.A MUST GO. off the vegas strip great food!
5	Everything here is delicious and the prices a very cheap. We saw this place in yelp and I knew I had to have it. The first time there we ordered the fusion tacos and the fusion tostadas which are made with rice patties. Both of these items tasted heavenly and we have definitely been back to that place time and time again. If you are a food fanatic this is the place for you. ENJOY!
5	Again, this is a great place that serves great food. Since they remodeled, they can seat more people. The food might take a while in the small kitchen but it is worth the wait. I have always had good service here along with good food quality. I HATE when people give places One Star solely based on the service and not the food. I understand the service goes in hand with the food but the food is more important to me. I know these mom and pop places are struggling and it is a hard business to operate just to make a living--give them a break! They are working all the time. I know most of you don't work 80 hours plus a week on your feet. I surely don't and that is why I have respect for these hard working business owners. (replying to the lady Stacey L with a small to go box) There are two sides to a story and unfortunately only one side was told.
5	In my hometown, there's a food truck called Mogos which is Korean Mexican fusion.  Their burritos are delicious.  When my classmate told me about Komex, I was extremely excited because I don't go back to my hometown often enough to get my Korean Mexican fusion fix.  It's a really small, hole-in-the-wall type of restaurant maybe 6-7 tables at the most.  They don't serve fountain drinks, just bottled beverages. They have a variety of meals on the menu, and I ordered the bulgogi fries & the bulgogi burrito (for my lunch the next day).  The fries were no more than $10 and the burrito was no more than $7, and their portions were HUGE!  Considering how expensive bulgogi usually is, I didn't expect that much meat in my meals, but I am completely satisfied with the portion sizes.  As I mentioned before, I ordered the burrito for my lunch the next day.   I was a little hesitant about that because burritos are not usually good the next day, but I hadn't gone grocery shopping & needed a meal for my 12 hour shift, so I just decided to give it a go.  I'm glad I did, because it was perfectly fine the next day and I really enjoyed my lunch.  Not only was the food excellent, the service was as well.  I was greeted & served by an older lady (maybe the owner?) and she was very chipper and professional.  Even though the burritos come with pico de gallo, she always asked if I still wanted it inside the burrito or on the side.  I'm definitely coming back!
5	Best Mexican in Vegas. Very good quality of food for fraction of the cost.
5	I love discovering places like this.  KoMex is a no-frills, mom-and-pop operation that is passionate about serving up tasty food.  The real stars of the menu are their Korean fusion meals, where you can eat a blend of Korean bbq style meats with Mexican-style wrappings such as torta, burrito, chimichanga, enchilada, and taco forms.  You can have kimchi included with your meal, which I highly recommend!  My spicy Korean pork burrito was gigantic and filled to the brim with delicious tender pork, fresh pico de gallo, flavorful Mexican rice, onions, kimchi, and lettuce.  The portions here are huge, the service cheerfully excellent, prices are very reasonable, and your meal comes with 4 different salsas for you to add to your meal.  Can't wait to eat here again!
5	I ordered the weekly special, which were (2) HUGE Calamari Fusion Tacos and my other ordered her favorite, the bulgogi fusion tostada. I can speak for both orders, but I'll stick to my tacos.I feel like they were hands down, the best calamari tacos I've ever eaten...not that I've ever had a calamari taco, but these took the place of all of my previous favorite meat-fillers like bulgogi, pork, carnitas, etc.  The calamari was as tender as whitefish with a super crunchy batter that's been seasoned perfectly.  The quality of all the ingredients were superb! I still don't know how they can keep the food and service quality so high and manage consistently low prices.  The owner was kind enough to grace us with her presence for a couple of minutes of friendly conversation; as she is the role model for business owners/operators.Bravo!!!
5	Was introduced to this wonderful place soon after it moved to this location.  Great food!  Korean family style cooking (plates of great food brought to your table) Fusion Mexican entree's that combine great ingredients and flavors to provide spicy tasty Taco's, Burrito's and salsa's.  They have renovated the location, removing the space limiting booths and now boast more places to sit and eat this awesome food.My only issue, they don't do a BiBimBap... Owner says, "everybody does that."  I wish... :-) Because they are close and I know theirs would be great. :-)
5	This place was awesome!  Definitely a hidden gem in Vegas.  You would need a car to get there unfortunately, but I'm sure its only a matter of time before they end up on the strip somewhere, no doubt they will do very well.  Service was amazing - friendly and fast.  Food was excellet - great quality. Had the Burrito with Kimchi and the Kimchi had a really nice flavor to it.  I Highly recommend it.  Price was surprisingly cheap, but I think that's because its geared more towards the people that live in Vegas, rather than visiting...
5	My friend Janet and I loved our meal here. The ingredients were fresh and properly prepared The food is distinctive. And it's cheap. What's not to love?For our meal we both got wontons and I got beef, pork and chicken tacos. We split a beef tostada.While the chicken and pork were both good, the beef is the star here. And it was fantastic on the fusion tostada. The tostada has great, fresh toppings but instead of a corn or flour tortilla it came on something made out of rice. and the whole rice grains were still visible. I think any trip here should include a fusion tostada.Janet tried a tofu taco since her husband is a pescetarian and she said it was quite good too. The only misfire for me was the mango/passionfruit iced tea. I don't get the flavors. Janet got one too and said she liked it.Service was excellent. They were really hustling. We got there just before the lunch rush.I would love to come back to KoMex and explore the menu.
4	Great place! Somehow it works.
5	Can I get a K? Can I get an O?  Can I get a M?  Can I get E?  Can I get a X?  What does that spell?  KOMEX!!What can I say I, this place has over 300 reviews and almost a 5 star average! Is this place great? Yes! It's better than great!  I had a friend recommend this place.  I said, "well I like tacos and kimchi."  Sounds good.  So we walked in this place with high expectations.  Let me tell you this place lived up to the reviews.  I don't always give 5 stars to restaurants.  They have to really blow me away with the food and SERVICE to get it.  We were promptly seated and our waitress was incredible.  I mean I wish other wait staff would just come observe to see how to do this job.  She went over the menu with us and offered suggestions.  We ordered 9 tacos 2 orders of won tons a basket of fries, and a couple drinks.  Our bill was only $16!  This place is incredible!  Street tacos with kimchi on them.  Every time I have an out of town guest we are going here!  You have to try this place out.  They are well aware of Yelp, which every business should be and they live up to the hype.  Cheers!!
5	I'm back on the Bulgogi Tostada.  The "Fried" rice patty and fresh ingredients really do it for me.  The calamari tacos were awesome as well...again.
5	Excellent tasty unique tacos at a low price - couldn't ask for more. Gets very busy at lunch - prepare to wait, or try not to go during the 11:30-1:30 window.
2	i normally just do check in quick reviews, but the fact that this place had so many high reviews made me feel as though i must log on and speak the truth.the problem with yelp is that no two people have the same taste in food. i think my tastes are much more refined than say, the people who go ahead and give mc donald's 2 or even 3 stars. i LOVE food. and i am willing to spend money on a satisfying meal with good service. that being said, i am starting to believe that when a place like this gets such high reviews, it is the quality of the taste of the reviewers that is lacking.i made reservations for 8pm and arrived at around 745. we were seated rather immediately, then proceeded to wait and be COMPLETELY ignored for about 20 minutes. this was a busy friday evening, and there were TWO servers, obviously not enough for this establishment, since not one could even spare a second to stop by the table and at least give a friendly greeting. other tables were enjoying their free chips, salsa, and guac while we sat with an empty table waiting.  eventually i got up and asked a waitress if we could have some water.  then more time went by while we continued to be ignored.FINALLY a waitress came over and said, "what would you like?"at which point we ordered, and i said, "and do we get free chips and salsa?" she said yes, and after taking our order ran off again. this is a tiny place so i could see everything that was going on, and as the minutes continued to tick by, every time i saw her pull up a plastic basket i hoped it was for our chips and salsa, but alas, it wasn't, time and time again. AGAIN, i finally asked the other waitress if we could get our free chips and salsa, and it was brought.at this point others were sitting around us, and being treated in the same manner. i felt embarrassed for them and bad, that they were sitting, staring around, waiting for someone to just ask them what they wanted to drink as we had done moments before. when the food finally came, i was excited because i had read so many incredibly positive reviews that i really expected a taste sensation. i was so disappointed. main word to describe what i tasted would be BLAND.  the only thing i enjoyed was the fish taco, which was really good, but i think that was mainly because of the sour cream, for which i am a sucker. i also got fusion lettuce wrap and fusion tostada, both with chicken, and both pretty damn boring. i think the deal with this food is that if you don't like spicy and don't get it with spicy sauce then you don't get flavor. this is me, unfortunately.that being said, my boyfriend got the fusion burrito and absolutely loved it, as well as the pork sliders, which i must also admit were delicious. however i was so offended by the service it took the rating down so many notches, and then the food being so bland just solidified a two star rating.  i suppose the only reason it's not at a one star is because the prices were INCREDIBLY cheap, but, again, cheap food isn't worth it to me if what i'm getting amounts to crap.frankly i would have gotten more bang for my buck at taco bell.
5	Absolutely delicious, both for the vegetarian and the meat lover.  Prices are fantastic. Will make their dishes with veggies or tofu instead of meats.  Will definately be back.
5	Excellent food, friendly service & excellent pricing! Family owned & operated, this place is just fantastic!
4	Being Korean and loving Mexican food... I of course had to try this place.  Also the great Yelp reviews helped.I wasn't disappointed.  Wow!  This is one of those places where you wish they had a location near your home.  Unfortunately, it's only in Vegas.    So if you're in Vegas you have to make a trip to try this mom and pop shop with the yummiest pul go gi burrito.  Awesome..  yummmy spicy  korean pork nachos... that's right you heard me... spicy korean nachos.  I know.. I originally though.. uh-huh cheese and korean pork... doesn't go together..  WRONG!  it's ono licious!  lick your fingers. yummy!It's not the easiest place to find if you're going by strict GPS directions.. once you get really close 500 feet.. you have to use your eyes to find the place.The only mild negative is that, BECAUSE it's made to order... you have to wait.  We waited 20 minutes, but it was worth it.    The food is hot and fresh, like mom or grandma would have made in their kitchen.If you like spicy and sweet... with some teriyaki style flavors... this is the place for you!
5	Great hidden gem of a restaurant!  Who'dathunk that Korean and Mexican cuisine would fuse into awesomeness for your mouth?  I highly recommend getting the beef bulgogi burrito with a side of kimchi.  Be sure to scope out their website for weekly specials.  You get a whole lot of food for what you pay for, which is cheap!  Don't let the location intimidate you; most great places are tucked away in the most unassuming places.
5	AWESOME! This place is great. I was in Vegas for a couple days and got sick of the strip real quick. We checked this place out because of the great reviews on Yelp. Never would have guessed that it was so good, it's not a looker from the outside... in a strip mall. But, Yelp didn't let us down! I had the bulgogi tacos with kimchi. SO GOOD. The owners are super nice. And there's a newspaper article cut out and framed on the wall describing how this little gem of a restaurant was actually saved by Yelpers. This place is cheap, delicious and definitely worth checking out if you're in Vegas.
3	I've never had korean mexican fusion before.  It's an interesting concept.  I had some burritos and nachos.  Food was decent. Service was ok.  Overall a 3.
4	I love this place. It has pretty much never disappointed me. They're cheap, delicious, different, and addictive. My favorite items are just their fusion tacos, 3 of them, one of each kind of meat, with kimchi. They're fast food prices but you leave there oh so satisfied. And they give you some complimentary guacamole to go with your chips while you wait for your food.Why not 5 stars? Because not everything on the menu is exceptional or noteworthy. It's just decent food but nothing you must have.They should really open up some more of these around town.
5	we saw this place driving the ice rink.i was like "what is ko mex"it was in chinese looking writing.thanks to yelp, i had encountered a little gem!indeed it was.we had the bulgogi nachos.  very inventive!i also had the spicy pork rice tostada.  interesting!  tasted like mom's food with some mexican thrown in.the prices are cheap cheap cheap!a good place to eat emotionally and celebrate!
4	This place is awesome and tiny.I had:-Fusion  Taco (Korean BBQ inspired Tacos) on Corn Tortillas....$1.29 Choice of Meat w/ marinated green & purple cabbage, onions, cilantro, pico de galloDelicious!!!!!!!!!! Highly Recommended.-(Steak) Mexican Taco on Corn Tortillas..................................................................................................................$1.29Choice of Meat with Onions & Cilantro ***Honestly, what carne asada taco isn't good? I won't say it was special but still tasty.He had:-Fusion TacoWe shared:-Fusion Quesadilla...(Beef or Chicken with Mozzarella Cheese on Flour Tortilla)...........................$5.99SO MUCH CHEESE!!!! :D :D :DWe were stuffed after that and the chips and salsa they bring to you on the table (which we fought for). Order extra chips and salsa!! Extra salsa extra guac!! YOU WILL WAIT FOR YOUR FOOD BECAUSE IT IS MADE FRESH. **There is actually a sign hanging up in the restaurant that says this.** If you want fast food go to McDonalds you idiot. Also, what are you doing on Yelp?Be prepared. Service isn't the best but the food is worth the wait.Can't comment on price because I didn't pay but my boyfriend was happy when we left and I'm pretty sure it was because the food was great and it was cheap too.
4	So delicious! I stumbled upon this place a few months ago on Yelp, and knew I had to try it. I dragged a friend in and instantly we were hooked. We were greeted with smiles and a large bowl of chips, salsa, AND guacamole. On my first visit I went straight Fusion Taco. One beef, one chicken, and one pork. The waitress asked if I wanted kimchi on top and I most certainly did. All three tacos were fabulous and for $1.29 each you can't really go wrong. My friend and I made the rookie mistake of each ordering three tacos and an order of Fusion Bulgogi Fries (everyone raved about them on yelp so we had to give them a shot). We were so stuffed after the three tacos that we barely made a dent in the fries, but they were great.On my second visit I went with tofu fusion tacos and even tried one as a lettuce wrap. They were both great, but I forgot to ask for kimchi so not quite as tasty as the first visit. Visit komex with a big appetite and expect a bit of a wait if you're going at peak dinner/lunch hours. And, don't forget to request kimchi on your fusion tacos!
5	I crave this place when I'm in Vegas! Favorites: Fusion taco, fish taco, shrimp taco & their fried rice combo hits the spot. Home-cooked, savory goodness and my kind of comfort food starting at $1.29...you can't go wrong.  You guys wanna grub...then bring it on at Komex!  Bulgogi (Beef), Dak-gogi (Chicken), Daeji gogi (Pork) it's all good my friend!
5	Back in Los Angeles, "Kogi" is the heralded as the best Mexican/Korean fusion food especially since they are reported to have first introduced the idea. I don't care who started it or what not, but Komex is far better.Owned by a middle-older aged married(?) Korean couple, Komex express offers a variety of fusion made foods rooted from Mexican and Korean style. They not only serve fusion tacos but they also serve the traditional tacos with pastor, asada, and etc. And no this ain't no Roberto's, it's actually legitimate Mexican food that they serve. In my first visit, I ordered a pastor taco, asada taco, and bulgogi fries.The tacos were nothing special nevertheless, delicious and they are as good as it gets. The bulgogi fries were amazing. For those of who you don't know what bulgogi is, it's marinated beef. And in this case, it is cooked and cut to small pieces so that it can be collected when forked upon along with the fries, cilantros, and etc. Oh man were these good. If a half hispanic and half Korean were to have tried these, I'm sure they would have had a identity crisis.The only negative thing I would say about this place is the location. It is located right on the border of las vegas and north las vegas, south of the intersection of decatur and washington. I would love for the owners to move or start up another business more in Spring Valley or the South because that is where they are surely to get more business. If you're a biracial with Hispanic and Korean in your blood, be prepared to see a psychologist after trying the bulgogi fries cause that food may confuse you of your ancestrial roots and ethnic identity!
5	I have now eaten here at least five times more and my five star rating still stands. I still havent dined in, which I would like to do eventually, especially since they remodeled and replaced the booths with tables, chairs, and benches. Oh, and they now have a new server to help the owner who speaks english, which helps things move along! My favorites continue to be the fusion tacos with kimchi. I also love their chicken fried rice, its become a staple now. I'm a big torta fan in general, so I finally tried their fusion torta... Yumm! But I definitely need to order that when I dine in, cuz the bread gets soggy by the time I get to eat it when I do takeout. So in conclusion, I have yet to be dissapointed, and hopefully will never be.
5	Sweet Wife scouts for a cool restaurant on Yelp and announces, "I want to go to Kotex".*Record scratching*"Whaat?"There was only one waitress so she was pretty frantic but the tacos were amazing. Deliciously flavorful. And the torta was severed on a perfectly toasted bun. We got one taco in a lettuce wrap instead of a tortilla. That was a fresh, crispy little surprise. The nachos and burrito at the table next to us looked so good that I almost asked for a bite.We've got a new must-go in Vegas.Now what was the name again? Tampax? Always?
5	Great hidden spot in Las Vegas!  I come from a Korean and Mexican background so this place was perfect for me.  The Bulgogi, marinated beef, burrito is a all time great and is an automatic go to dish for around $5 and can usually feed you for two meals.  Another recommended item is the Daegi bulgogi, spicy pork, french fries.  For those of you that have hit Robertos Tacos late night and enjoyed their super carne asada fries you will love these.  They step it up every week with new specials such as calamari tacos and bulgogi gyros so you never get bored with the menu.  The Korean street tacos blend the tastyness of Korean meats with the ease  of tacos, I recommend ordering a few at the low price of $1.29.  I could go on forever on the best items on the menu so head over and decide for yourself.If you have friends that aren't too adventurous or little kids Komex can handle that too.  They offer sliders, french fries and other basics that are just as good.  Because this place is so good and really affordable it can get busy around peak times so don't get frustrated and recognize that if there are tons of people eating there then it must be good.
5	Excellent! So amazing, ate twice here in three days. And its pretty far from home. Worth it! Bulgogi fried rice (huge!) and the lettuce-wrap tacos - mouth watering right now. Must have! And their signature Korean sauce-on-the-side? Oh, you'll want a few to take home.
5	NEWS FLASH! THE HYPE IS REAL! I REPEAT, THE HYPE IS REAL!%$#@!@#$% Sorry, that was me banging my head repeatedly on my laptop keyboard because I am so mad at myself for not going to this place a lot sooner! I couldnt wait to get home to do this review and I hope my keyboard is gonna work long enough for me to finish this!I ordered the Bulgogi Beef Burrito and my son ordered the Beef Bulgogi/Spicy Pork combo so we can share. OMG I couldnt make up my mind what to eat so me and my son split both meals.The Burrito has the best of both Korean and Mexican worlds! Now I know why they named themselves that. This tasty choice has Meat with Mexican Rice, Green & Brown Onions, Pico de Gallo, Cilantro, Lettuce, Asian (Soy/Sesame base Sauce).Service is, let me put it this way, a little slow BUT before you jump to conclusions, you have to understand that they make everything from scratch and if a big party before you put their order in, then that is what is gonna go through first. That's understandable because if you ordered before somebody else, whether big or small, you should get it first right? With that said, I was a little irritated at first, but when my food came out and went straight to my mouth I was mad at myself for being irritated because the food is well worth the wait! I recommend that you don't be in a rush to go anywhere else if you plan on eating here and if you can order to go, that's even better because by the time you get there, it should be done.With the popularity of this place blowing up, I see one of two things that might happen: Either they open up another place or move to a much BIGGER location or both. The demand is definitely gonna out do the supply sooner or later because on really busy nights you are definitely gonna have to wait a while to get a table.Some random info: They are closed Mondays so make sure your cravings don't fall on that day! They have free wifi but I couldnt get my phone to work with it so maybe next time I will ask them. Parking can be a nightmare because they share the same small lot with other tenants. They take all major credit cards but be advised that anything under 10 bucks, you will be charged a service fee so as much as you can, pay with cash for all orders under 10 bucks. Its not Komex's fault. Its just that anytime you have a terminal for accepting cards, the company that processes it charges the business owner for every transaction. So you see its not a ploy for Komex to make more money. It's more like a convenience fee for not carrying cash. They don't have a take home menu for the info you need but you can look it up through their website:  www.komexexpress.com So with 350+ reviews averaging 4 1/2 stars, what more reasons do you need NOT to go here?
5	The calamari fusion burrito is amazing!!!  The first calamari I've had that's not like chewing on rubber.  This should be made permanent.  I wish they delivered.
4	This little hole-in-the-wall place is amazing. The bulgogi beef tacos are so good inside your mouth. Don't miss out!
5	Good food,  good service.. Beef tacos,  kens noodles and a 2 Mexican comes... Great cheap eats... We will return...
4	I was given a heads up by a couple of friends that this place was really good, and it's walking distance away from my house.  Finally something good in my ghetto?  We shall see!I ordered the bulgolgi burrito to-go.  I was impressed!  The finely chopped veggies were fresh and delightful, and the bulgolgi was well prepared, although maybe a little saucier than I like.  While not the best Korean food I have had in Vegas, it is better than most.  I enjoyed their Mexican take on the dish: wrapped in a flour tortilla burrito in style.  The best thing about this place is the price, about half the cost of my favorite Korean spot!  For your hard earned bucks, you get an amazing quality of food here.  Be careful coming here on the weekend for lunch, the place will be jammed packed!  Thanks to my Yelp friends for giving me a heads up on this one.  I will definitely make this a usual spot especially for a super fast and cheap meal by my house!
4	Holy Crap - I'm not in the dark anymore!!!! Finally today, we made an effort to drive to the "very much out of our way" Komex.Right away they give you chips,guacamole and salsa.The Bulgogi fried rice was awesome and topped with the chunky hot sauce that is offered on each table was awesomer - (not an actual word, I know!!)The BF had the fusion tacos with bulgogi - I thought it was yummy. He said it was alright but he was more excited by the house made chunky hot sauce on the table. My daughter had hmmm...take a guess????   = FRENCH FRIES!!!Nothing special there other than the fact that they offer bulgogi fries.I do not like the inside - it feels yucky and hot. The BF thought Komex was OK but I  would love to come back and try other stuff -  Komex is tasty,different and affordable!!!!!
4	If it weren't for Yelp, I would've never discovered this place! This place is just full of delicious food. Before this, I had never had Korean-Mexican fusion food, but KoMex has made me a convert! If you eat there instead of ordering take-out, they give you free homemade chips and salsa/guacamole. The fusion items come with a choice of 3 different meats (beef, pork, or chicken), fish, shrimp, and vegetarian. Kimchi can be added on to any fusion dish if requested, but I'm not a fan of the sour element kimchi adds, I'd rather add lime. I always get the fusion tacos, burrito, nachos, or bulgogi beef fried rice. I usually prefer chicken, but there's just something about their bulgogi beef that has me coming back for more. Portions are huge and prices are reasonable (although I've noticed they recently increased their prices by a small margin). I admit I haven't tried their Asian or Mexican dishes yet, so that'll be on my list next time I go. All in all, every friend I have brought to KoMex has loved it!
5	OMG KoMex! Korean-Mexican fusion? Genius! KoMex is quite a ways from my house but their food's so good I don't mind driving half way across town for it. The restaurant is a little small and the decor is just regular, but that's not important. The food is what's important. They offer chips with salsa and FRESH guacamole to snack on while you wait for your order. I'm a big fan of carne asada fries so when I tried their bulgogi fries it was just heaven on earth. It is the perfect combination of sweet and spicy. The bulgogi burrito is also very good but I rather prefer their fries. Every one needs to try this place, it's inexpensive and it's just really that good!
4	OH MY GOSH!!  Not only was this the cheapest place I had ate at in Vegas, but also by far THE BEST fusion I have ever tried before.The only thing is... don't count on eatting the food to-go or "later" you have to eat it fresh.... Portions are big so order accordingly...Free Appetizer- fresh tortilla chips and "guacamole and salsa" 5.0!! YUMMSuper fries like-- 3.5 ( lack of sauce) but still yummyTorta- 4.5 needs more sauce guac. or salsa would make it a ++++++burrito- 5.0 my goodness too good!!!!Hole in the wall, worth the drive out of the strip.  A must tryyyyyy!!!
5	Amazing! Who would have thought the fusion would blend together so well! And its fresh and affordable!
3	One of the first things I must do as a new Las Vegas resident is to find the best burrito in town, and after visiting KoMex, unfortunately, I will have to continue the hunt.While the fusion quesadilla is one of the best I've had, the bulgogi burrito, while unique, lacks enough meat and is overstuffed with rice and veggies. Even with tampering with the ingredients, I still feel like it's missing something...
2	The service is friendly. Price is ok. Food, on the other hand, is not impressive.Highly overrated!!Maybe I was there on a bad day. I definitely think this is a overrated place. Most of time Yelp can be a very helpful place to find good recommendations. But once a while, you find highly overrated places posted by hyped up yelpers posting with peer pressures. I guess nobody like to be a party pooper.To justify my little speech, I have to talk about the food. Well, the bulgogi in my burrito tasted just like regular meat. I couldn't identify the Korean flavoring. The chicken and pork tacos were dry. You have to take a sip with almost every bite. I think it's because there was not enough salsa. Salsa should be fresh made fresh,not from cans if you are serving it in a restaurant. Especially if it's a restaurant with Mexican food. And if you use cabbage instead of lettuce, you will lose the watering effect when lettuce is being chewed. The problem can be fixed by putting more chopped onions and tomatos.Anyway, just a little suggestion.
3	I'm going to be completely honest. I loved the food. I wish this place was located in my hood of Los Angeles!! Minus two stars for the absolutely abnoxious waitress. :)
5	Yo KoMex...Dawg...Where have you been all these years i've been living in Vegas?!?!I'm not from LA i'm from NorCal so the whole Korean/Mexican fusion never hit me until i started thinking about it and realizing that...holy shit it just might work...Would have LOVED to try out more of their fusioned foods but man 4 lettuce wrapped (low-carb) tacos filled me up.Went here for a 2nd round taco eating contest UYE. Winner narfed down an amazing 12.5 tacos. TWELVE AND A HALF!!! i was stuffed after 4 and those were low-carb'ed.All the meat choices were pretty awesome, if i were to pick a favorite...i would just get them all. Are they a bit on the small side? Sure, they are street style after all but man oh man KoMex doesnt hold back when they stack the toppings on. Also love the way they dice up the kimchi so you can get some in every bite. Great stuff.Now if only there was a fusion of Horchata...
4	Komex is one of the hidden gems of Vegas. If I hadn't found it on Yelp, I probably wouldn't have discovered the awesome fusion food it has to offer.The bulgogi fries are amazing, and they give you a TON. Even with 3 people sharing it as an appetizer, we've had to bring home leftovers. It's just the perfect blend of cheese, salsa, and bulgogi on a bed of french fries.I've been here a handful of times now, and almost every time I order the fusion burrito with bulgogi beef. Usually, I like to try different things when I go to a restaurant, but when I go to Komex, I'm craving that fusion burrito and can't be deterred.The service is a little on the slow side, but they're all really friendly. You also have to realize they don't have a really big kitchen to work with. They have even put up a sign recommending you call in first. My hope is that they one day expand or find a bigger place because it is almost like a hole in the wall joint right now.All in all, Komex has really decent fusion food to offer for a great price. Definitely worth checking out.
5	Mouth-watering, delicious, Korean-Mexican fusion.I could make a meal out of their Fusion Bulgogi Nachos (even in its half order size), and their prices are so reasonable you can never turn this place down.It's a hole-in-the-wall sort of setting and the water they give you in your cup is from large, gallon, filtered water bottles. AWESOME, considering that Las Vegas' tap water is bad enough to ruin any meal. (IMO)I have returned to this place numerous times with my boyfriend (who is very hard to please, food wise) and have always had a great experience.Their Fusion Tacos are so good! I always opt for the spicy pork. I've also tried the Fusion Burrito, and the sheer size of it even made my boyfriends' mouth drop. I love Fusion spots, and this, right here, is the epitome of a fusion flavor explosion!
5	Great hole in the wall restaurant. Recently remodeled so it fits a lot more guests. Our favorites here are the Bulgogi burrito, tostadas and the tacos. The portions are huge and the prices are cheap!! They're always so welcoming and friendly, this is why we always come back when we crave fusion.
2	overrated by yelpers.. but its ok i tried.pros:  big serving, quick nice staff, there's free salsa and chipsand one free orange for desertscons: claims that food is made to order big no no, meat was already over cooked for the bulgogi and beef with broccoli, too many veggies in the fusion tacos it even comes with bell pepper ????ps:not really cheap unless you order 2 small tacos and water.
4	I met one of the owners , she was very welcoming and has a great smile. The fish taco was tasty, so was the spicy pork tacoI dined in, so received the chips salsa and Guacamole all very good. The owner gave me a free second helping of the Guac and a free sample bowl of a seafood soup they are experimenting with and thinking of selling, it had kimchee and seafood lt was like a fusion of Mexican seven seas and spicy cabbage soup my tasty buds where whirling in confusion hehe.
5	Unique, tasty, variety or flavors, and great value.When it comes to bulgogi tacos it doesn't get any better. What? Exactly. These aren't your typical tacos here, they take tacos to another dimension. This family-run gem has an awesome mix of food. Korean-Mexican fusion! Who knew?They have a decent sized menu here with Korean food, Chinese food, Mexican, Korean, and of course the fusion. They even have burgers on the menu which my 5 year old son enjoyed.Thank you Yelp! I would not have found this place if not for this site. I'm surprised to see anything below 4 stars for this place, but I guess people have different tastes. If you typically like Mexican and Asian cuisines I would recommend this highly. Try something from the fusion menu - it is fantastic!
5	found this on my last visit and loved it! a bit off the strip, but i will make a point of going there every time im in vegas.
5	KoMex is great!!!  I don't review restaurants much but had to give a shout-out to this wonderful little spot.Great tasting food at a reasonable price.  You have to appreciate that.Unfortunately, this place is 5 hour drive from my home, but will definately stop by next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Came in for a quick lunch yesterday. The server explained and suggested the menu. I had a pork burrito... it was outstanding. The blend of flavors was, literally, a party in my mouth. And the prices were excellent. I loved it. Definitely going back. SOON!
3	decided to give this place a try since of all the reviews.  Nice staff. But i just found this place just to be on a salty side. There is definitely some interesting combinations but nothing that I would re order again or come back for.
5	We were in the mood for Korean and decided on Komex solely based upon its wonderful Yelp reviews. And let me tell you, it was just as good as its awesome Yelp reviews. Nice & accurate work Yelpers!I had the seasoned french fries (only $1!) and shrimp quesadillas which were loaded with shrimp. We will definately be back!
5	So many people gave it good reviews I had to try it. Korean and Mexican Fusion? I had to give it a shot. I was in the mood for tacos. I took one of each. For 1.69$ why not? So Bulgogi, Dak-Gogi and Daeji-Gogi. Bulgogi hit the spot, and I was surprised by the Daeji-Gogi (Spicy Pork) that was great. The blend of flavors made it a great taco. Something that I definitely have never had before. This place got it right in all sorts of levels. I am going back to try the bulgogi burrito. Its cheap, fast, and such great quality. A Hole-in-the wall place, in a not so-busy shopping center, thank god for yelp or I would have never known about this place.
5	Unexpected flavors at an unassuming place! I am definitely glad I went out my way to come and try Komex. This 'hole in the wall' offers a unique blend of flavors and textures and delivers foods sure to please (and surprise) your taste buds. Not only is the food awesome, but the service is amazing.  The lady who took care of me today (the owner I'd assume) greeted me with a smile and, being my first time, was welcoming and recommended some amazing dishes. I tried the bulgogi, pork and shrimp tacos and they were all very good. In fact, I got a second shrimp taco due to its amazing flavor. I also ordered fried pork wontons which were freshly fried and the pork was juicy and flavorful. Do yourself a favor and come try this place.
5	The first time I went to KoMex, I thought maybe I made a mistake. The area and the exterior looked kind of iffy but when I got inside, it was packed!  So, I decided to stay and a friendly hostess showed me to my table.  I had the bulgogi, daeji and dak gogi tacos plus a side of bulgogi fries.  They were all flavorful.  The bulgogi fries can feed 2 very hungry peeps.  Imagine a pile of crispy golden fries topped with melted cheese, jalapenos, hot sauce and bulgogi...sweet, savory, spicy all in one. YUUUUMMMM!!!  My next visits, I tried the calamari tacos (tender calamari, lightly breaded) and my KoMex favorite: bulgogi chimichanga.  It's incredibly cheesy, crispy, meaty and tasty.  It may be a bit oily but it's alright.  Just thinking about it is making me hungry.Great service, amazing food at very affordable prices.  You get chips, salsa and guac for free.  At the end of your meal, you get fortune cookies and sliced oranges speared with little plastic swords.  It's Korean, it's Mexican...it's KoMex!!!
4	This place has great food, the Mexican and Korean fusion brings great flavors.. If you like to try new things I would recommend you to visit them!
4	This is interesting. Any way you can pack bulgogi into a mexican container is good by me.Cheap, fast and heaping portions along with the fusion aspect makes this a worthwhile. A little one-trick-pony-ish in the long run, but good stuff. Small locale, fast friendly service.
5	When I first saw that KoMex was opening I had recently had my fill of Korean/Mexican fusion on some trips to LA and didn't think highly enough of the area KoMex is in to want to run out and try if...my bad!  After reading some reviews on Yelp I went to try it out and it is absolutely wonderful.  I have gone a few times now with friends each time so that we could share and I love all the fusion items! Come here with someone else, share a larger item like a burrito, chimichanga, tostada, or enchiladas (whatever you normally would get at a Mexican place) and then have a few tacos for yourself!The prices here are amazing...especially for the portions!I also need to give some love to the fish taco.  Not a fusion dish like the others I mentioned on the review, but incredible!    They also have a menu full of non fusion items...but I have not tried them...I asked the waitress what I needed to try and she went right to pointing out the fusion items.The beef and the pork hold the Korean marinades the best!
5	I love rice and ate some many different forms of it during my life time. Komex has one of the best rices i have ever tasted. Reasonable prices is a plus too..
5	This is now my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas if we have friends and family with us!!!  Whenever we have a big group with us, we just call earlier in the day.  Fortunately, they've been able to take us everytime!!!  The customer service is fantastic and the food comes out quickly even though they have been very busy each time we go there!It's located a long way from the strip, especially if there is traffic, but it is so worth the trip!!  So far, all our family and friends have been very happy with the food they've had at KoMex.  Personally, my favorite thing on the menu is the Fusion Bulgogi Nachos!!!  If you are a nachos fan, then you have got to try this item!!  It is the best nachos that I have had anywhere!!  I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!  It doesn't look like much from the outside, but you have got to give this place a try!!  You won't be disappointed!!  Another positive about KoMex is that it is inexpensive and they give generous portions!!  Even the leftovers are yummy!
3	My family and i decided to try this place based on the rave reviews here on yelp. We fed a family of 4 for less than $40. That's the only real plus is the price. They do give you a lot of food too. The taste however was nothing to write home about.I had the spicy pork and beef bulgogi with rice. Although it was sorta good it tasted sorta dry. My wife had their beef fusion burrito and said it was the best she ever had. This is a good family place because a lot of adults brought their kids there and they were just running around. For the first time ever I told my kids if they want to play around at a restaurant they can. If you're the type of person that likes nice quiet romantic settings don't go here. It's a family (with kids) restaurant.3 things that bother me:(1) when you walk in, even though you can sit immediately at a table because it's a really small place, they have a stupid sign asking you to wait to be seated. I'm sorry but the atmosphere of this place doesn't scream high class si why are you pretending to be high class by making us wait???(2) They don't have fountain drinks. You have to order canned or bottled drinks and they charge a lot for them. Whatever savings you have from the food will be made up for with the cost of drinks. And it's not like you can get a free refill on drinks when they are canned/bottled(3) The best and most surprising thing about this place is that they make their own homemade nachos and they taste great. You'll instantly want more but they only brought 1 little small basket for all 4 of us to share. The basket is so small you'd think they should bring 1 for each person or at least give us a much bigger bowl of chips (enough to feed 4)With all that being said I would recommend someone to try this place but if you have to drive more than 10 mins to get to it then it's not really worth it. We drove all the way from Henderson so it was like a 20-30 minute drive and I didn't think it was worth that.
5	I have been here a few times and have always loved it!  The food is fantastic, Korean Mexican Fusion!  The spices and seasonings blend so well together, the prices are great and I always leave satisfied!
4	It's definitely worth the trip to North Las Vegas for this little hole in the wall. Try their fusion tacos in beef, chicken or pork and ask for kimchi on top. Korean barbecue in a taco is gaining popularity and KoMex is the place to go if your hankering for a few of these deliciously cheap bad boys.
5	Where is the 10 star rating????I have been to komex but none of my friends have, because we do not live around there. BUT it IS so worth the drive!!! I took my friend after a day of shopping. I think she was a little freaked out by the sketchy hood. I ordered a bunch of different things to share. Wonton soup, flautas, musubi, tacos, fish tacos and a torta to go for hubby. All that plus tax and tip was $40.  Sooooo much food!!!! It was ALL fantastic.Besides the TERRIFIC food, I like that you can get a variety of different things. I had never had musubi, cuz I hate spam, but it was good. But then I am able to get the Mexi food that hubby so loves. It is PERFECT! I wish I lived closer, LOL.
5	I would like to thank all my Yelpmates for their wonderful reviews. If it wasn't for them I would have  no clue about this place. You know who you guys are your all on my Yelp friends list who have reviewed KoMex. You guys ROCK!So I woke up today around 4:00pm, still a bit jet lagged from my Asia trip, and i was craving Asian food, but something different than my usual eats.So I decided to finally check out KoMex. I was a bit reluctant to go because it is so freaking far from where I live. I checked out google maps and it told me it was going to take me 30 minutes to get there.I decided to go anyways and give it a whirl. I texted my roommates and they too wanted to go with me.About 25 minutes later we finally reached KoMex located on Decatur in small plaza. ( I must say DAMN! they need to open one in Henderson)The location is a bit far but i must say i do not regret going. The HYPE about this place is true! This place is awesome!I ordered the Bulgogi Taco and the Pork Taco which were cheap only $1.29 each.  Both tacos were to die for! They were a perfect size too!We also decided to try the Bulgogi Nachos for $7.99. This nachos is not your typical nachos. The chips itself even taste way better than your average mexican restaurant chips and their salsa and cheese are way awesome too. The nachos was so good i highly recommend this dish while over there.So since this place was far i decided to order more food. I figured hey might as well, I don't finish it at least I have leftovers for a midnight snack or breakfast tomorrow. So i deicded to order the Kimchi fried rice with beef. I must say it was orgasmic! I'm normally not a fan of Kimchi, because it's too spicy for me. But who cares after eating KoMex's  nachos.Overall i give this place a  5 star. Good food! Very cheap! and friendly staff. I am looking forward to try the Bulgogi Fries on my next visit. Try now! Komex will give you the ultimate FUSION experience between Korean and Mexican!
5	We drove from Huntington Beach, CA to try the food at KoMex and I have to tell you that the drive was worth it!  Everything we order was awesome.  The prices were very reasonable.  The service was wonderful and we got our food quickly.  I highly recommend KoMex Fusion Express!
5	My husband and his cousin came here a while back, both enjoyed it and recommend it.  So, today, along with my husband, I am here to try it.  We start off with the fusion bulgogi fries, half order, which is plenty big.  We have beef, mozzarella cheese, pico de gallo, jalapeno and Korean hot sauce all piled high on top of the fries.  Oh so very good!   These flavors smothered with the fries, well you just have to try them.  I  also get a fusion burrito, beef, Korean BBQ style, with Mexican rice, green and brown onions, pico de gallo, cilantro, lettuce, with soy and sesame sauce, all wrapped up in a flour tortilla.  It's big in size and flavor. It was excellent.  The food is so good, the mix of both asian and Mexican styles never thought it would be good, but it was surprising how the flavors just work together.  Now I know this is a go too place when craving spice and a bit of "komex".
5	First time here and surely not the last. We think they serve the best spicy pork tacos. They also make great Bulgogi tacos. The chicken tacos were nice but a bit bland in comparison to the pork or Bulgogi.  Great sliders as well.
5	KoMex is one of the few places that I felt deserved a review from me soon after enjoying the amazing food and service.  KoMex is a definitive reason for why YOU should rent a car when visiting Las Vegas and leave the overpriced Strip for amazing food and service.I was in Vegas with a group of 12.  We rolled in and without batting an eye, the server smiled at us and seated us quickly.  Her service was attentive and always with a friendly smile and great attitude (even though we were a loud group).On to the food!  The highlights of the menu:1) Bulgogi Fusion Taco - So I have had plenty of Korean Tacos, some good and some I threw away right away.  This one was good for one simple reason, it came from a Korean cook.  The bulgogi and slaw were legit and the flavors were amazing!2) Calamari Taco - I will admit, I am a huge sucker for sauces.  Cruising through the menu, I originally was going to get the shrimp taco but saw "special sauce" in the description for the calamari taco and knew I had to get it... and I was not disappointed at all.  The calamari was crisp but not burnt with soft texture and squid flavor beneath the batter.  The sauce was really damn good and enhanced the calamari with a sweet spiciness.  A must try!3) Kimchi Fried Rice w/ Bulgogi - Honestly... do I need to say more?  The kicker of this dish is the fried egg with runny yolk combined with the kimchi.... DROOOLLLL.4) Bulgogi Fries - Cheese. Pico de Gallo. Chips. Kimchi.  Bulgogi.  Fries.  Oh man, the combination of flavors, spiciness, coolness, fries, and other amazingness makes this dish sooo coma-inducingly good.  Try please, for the sake of you future children.Oh, and the service, again, is AMAZING!Get in a car and try this place now!
4	pretty good tacos
4	This place saved me from the vote. My brother and husband both wanted Mexican food and I wanted Asian food. We solved our delimma by going to Komex! The place was super packed so we waited about 10 minutes . I had their KimChee fried rice which was really good! I was nervous about ordering it because I thought it would be too salty.  It had the perfect amount of spices though. The portions were big so I had plenty of left overs!
5	Wow! Awesome food and great service! Went out hunting for something different to eat and KoMex was perfect! Great flavor and very inexpensive for what you get. Everything is made fresh and very flavorful! Will defiantly be back! Thank you very much!
5	Yelp hot spot for sure that actually lived up to it's expectations. The atmosphere is definitely not the best considering the location is in a run down shopping center. Oh well, it's all about the food right? Although on the plus side they did change the tables and chairs since my first visit which was last year. My first time here I tried the fusion burrito with chicken, pretty delicious I must say and wayy cheap too about $5ish. A little on the spicy side, but most chicken dishes that are Mexican are typically spicy to begin with. Most people like the heat, but for me I definitely drank all my water before finishing the burrito. My second time I came in a huge group with 20+ during lunch on a Sunday. Fortunately they had an area that was reserved, I don't know who it was for, but they obviously had to seat us there since there was no where else. The service was really good considering how big our group was and they accommodated all of us having separate checks. I had the bolgogi fries, which I had high hopes for and it was good but was missing the "fresh factor."  I don't think I would order this again and stick the basics next time I come.
4	Yummy food! Great service! Cheap prices! one star off for ambience, but you can go wearing t-shirt and flip flops
5	Loved the Bulgogi Burrito!  Huge, Tasty, Cheap :)
5	Thanks fellow Yelpers!This restaurant was FABULOUS!  I had a helluva time finding the place, since I'd never been in the neighborhood before and didn't think to remember the exact address.Here's what I got for less than $7:---  Complimentary chips, salsa, and guacamole(!)---  Two fusion tacos - one beef and one pork.  Both with kimchi and their super hot sauce.  These had so much stuff on them that I had to eat them with a knife and fork.  I know, bad form on my part.  ---  One fish taco---  A complimentary dessert - a sectioned orange with a toothpick.  Cute!---  One can of Diet CokeA portly (stout?) (rotund?) (pleasantly plump?) lady was sitting near me.  She ordered FOUR TACOS, stuffed her napkin down her shirt, picked up a taco, and WENT TO TOWN!!!  Sauce was running down both her arms and she was dropping some serious food.  It was a sight to behold.  One of my friends (a fat guy) once told me, "If you're a fat guy, the food never hits the ground first."   But I digress.They need to charge more!  I told the Asian lady (the owner?) this when she brought my bill.The space is small and it's out of the way for tourists like me.  But WOW, the food is OUTSTANDING!
4	We were starved so I searched my bookmarks on Yelp and saw that we were near KoMex Express. It's a hole in the wall specializing in freshly prepared Korean Mexican dishes. Yes, Korean and Mexican. Marrying these bold flavors is a slam dunk of deliciousness.We snacked on chips and salsa while we waited. Waits can be long because everything is made to order. The tasty guacamole will whet your appetite and you'll be eager to dig in when your order is up.We had the Fusion Bulgogi Nachos and three tacos: pork, chicken, and beef with a side of stir fried kimchi. Neither of us are too familiar with Korean dishes. So, I can't vouch for how authentic these flavors are, but they are indeed tasty.The Nachos were ginormous and better than most you'd find in Mexican restaurants. The chips are crisp and can easily support the sweet heat mountain of toppings. This is a feast. The only complaint is that we wished the cheese was thoroughly melted. The tacos were really great too. This visit the chicken had more flavor than the other two. I'm usually the biggest fan of pork so this was quite a surprise. The kimchi on the side was decent, but the weakest link. It just didn't pack the punch the tacos or the nachos did. These fusion bites are good eats. It's a nice find for when you're craving something a little out of the ordinary.
2	Apparently the owner listened to guys like H.K.L. and decided she needed to raise her prices. Maybe I was just spoiled on her really low prices but now her prices are about average and it takes the wow factor out of it for me. I loved the fact that I could come and order a couple of entrees for 10 bucks. Now that time has passed. The real turn off was finding a hair in my chips. I took them back up to the owner and she apologized and offered to bring me another basket. At that point I just paid the bill and left. I really loved Komex as you can tell from my previous reviews. At this point I just feel like the success has turned to greed and I won't be back.
5	The food here is absolutely amazing and very reasonably priced.  The nachos are a must have.  Don't be put off by the location and/or setting of the restaurant, this is the "hole in the wall" place.  Worth the drive and trying to find a parking spot.  Just be advised that they are not open on Monday.
5	The food is GREAT!!!I've just moved to LV , and I try to find good food is this town .. and this is one of them.It was worth the drive from Summerlin to them. Whole in the wall .. ARE THE BEST!!I've had the beef, fish and chicken tacos ...The beef and fish were to die for, the "fusion" for the beef taco was a great new taste for me, the fish was also great, but the chicken .. for my taste was not so great ...Maybe because I had first the beef and fish taco's?? Maybe ..
5	Fusion tacos (with kimchi), bulgogi sliders, combination fried rice, Korean, Mexican it's all excellent! Cheap prices too!
4	Bomb diggity! Vegas secret no more! I'm telling everyone. This place is a great idea and the flavors blend very well. I love the fusion between the Mexican dishes with the Korean flavors. It seems like it was starting to get packed when we were about to leave. On top of being well attended too, and extra food choices, the meal was rather inexpensive! Bonus all around. KoMex, you will be a stop while I'm in Vegas again. Thank you.
3	I had a taco combo plate with a couple flavors. It was not great, and only ok.  Maybe there was so much hype and good yelp reviews, I expected a lot more. The restaurant also looks dumpy and dirty. It didn't help that we sat next to the bathroom. I would not come back only because it is a bit out of the way and not worth the drive.
3	Here' s the deal with this place, I've been here several times so I know I'm not full of shit. They are SLOOOOW and really disorganized. Don't go here lookin' to get in and out for your work lunch. It's not gonna happen.That said, the food is pretty damn good. It's original for Las Vegas. Some hit and miss experiences but overall good.  To have this many reviews and maintain this high of a rating you gotta be doing something right. They just need to get their kitchen in order for how popular they are.
5	I absolutely love the food here! My favorite mix and so close to my place. It is a very small restaurant so sometimes you would have to wait in line for a while if you go on the weekends or Fridays, but its definitely worth it.
5	first time diner at KoMex the food  was awesome especially their  kimchi fried rice and  Korean tacos ...I will definitely come back for more....
5	I was in the area and decided to see how awesome this place is. I have got to say, the service is outstanding.  I came in during after lunch hours and the place was fairly empty.  So I got served well.  What I had: I ordered the half order of bulgogi fries and the kimchi fried rice with egg.  When she brought out my fries, the cheese on it was great.  The quality of the cheese is of course better than average because when I pull a few fries out, the cheese actually streches out instead of snapping on instance.  The bulgogi meat in the fries were delicious, not hard as a rock like some places that make terrible carne asada.  Good thing I ordered a half because it was very huge.  The kimchi fried rice was a full size dish.  I have got to say, it was very different.  The flavor was light and not overpowering.  The meat, was of course the same as the fries.. GOOD.  I have got say, that the pricing is very decent for the portion.  The service is excellent because when I asked for a togo box, she brought me my box and half an orange already sliced up.  Always nice to have something that's like a dessert.  BONUS.  I noticed they had all the condiments up front (Tapatio, different hot sauces, etc.).  She also brought it out with my fries.  I WILL come back, just sadden that it's far out of my way.  Place also accepts AMERICAN EXPRESS!.. Whoo! Parking is might be a drag at certain times since it's a shared lot with other stores.
5	I'm sold. Excellent value for money.
5	Be sure to wear a burglar's mask, because once you see the bill, you will feel like you're robbing the place.Everything is good. The shrimp and fish tacos are GREAT.Three things I haven't seen mentioned:First, the absolutely amazing wonton appetizer! It's a buck for four of them with more meat than you've ever seen in a regular ol' wanton. Unbelievably good. Seriously. Whatever combo of meat, spices, and onions they're using is fandamntastic! It's served with Thai sweet chili sauce and a little dab of the chipotle style salsa on top just takes it straight to the stratosphere!Get one order per person or you'll end up screaming "MINES!!!!  MY PRECIOUSSSSS! Yous wants to takes it from me!" at your dining companions.Next, Mr. B's Ghetto Ramen. Here's a big bowl of ramen noodles with some egg, onions, and a cut up hot dog in it. It's not a hot dog, though. It's an Asian mildly spicy sausage. My son ordered it and it was too spicy for him, so I took a stab at it after stuffing my face with three tacos.couldnotstopeatingit.Lastly, their iced tea rocks. I was pleasantly surprised to see Stevia in the Raw offered as their non-sugar sweetener.The lady who owns the place is an absolute sweetheart! She's asking everyone where they live so they can consider another location. You will feel good supporting this family business.
5	I would like to take the chef of KoMex home with me. Not because I met him and found him extremely attractive, but because I would like to wake up to the food everyday.For starters, they serve these amazing, fresh, melt-in-your-mouth chips. Which are accompanied by salsa and guacamole.  Calamari tacos are seriously unbelievable. Definitely worth leaving your boyfriend for. I'm kidding. No I'm not. Shrimp Fried Rice...If I didn't have an employer that made me sign a contract stating I'd maintain my weight and live a healthy lifestyle...I'd eat it everyday. Totally worth getting fat for.
5	Another fantastic lunch at KoMex!  We had the bulgolgi tacos with KimChi, chicken fettucine, and bulgolgi fusion burrito. Service was prompt.  I watched as the waitress served everyone in the room and made sure to refill our water before we needed to ask.  Always worth a star for me!  Great experience!  Alot of regulars there which is always a great sign..  YUMM!
3	Great idea for Korea/Mexican fusion.  Korean burrito tastes great along with the korean tacos.  I gave them 3 stars because service is so-so.  I've been here multiple times and I am never impressed by the waitress/owners attitude.
5	Wow! Here visiting the kiddos in Vegas and used Yelp to find something different to try this trip!!!  REALLY glad we did.  Drove from N Vegas, had to kill an hour before they opened at 11:30....SOOOOO WORTH THE WAIT!  Had the Bulgogi Nachos, wantons, street tacos and Marks Fav noodle dish with all 3 meats....everyone was SOOOO pleased with their selection!!  WE WILL be back, and the kids said they found it so worth the drive !!!  5 new fans for sure!
4	Soild 4, for all my ballers on a budget the food at this family run joint comes out quick, hot and yummy to boot! I try to make a visit when I'm nearby. I usually get the burrito with some form of Korean meat! Comes with a side of chips & dip! Nom motherf*uking nom.
4	"It's a good thing this place is near my work, or else it would have taken forever to take the time and effort to go here." That was my initial thought. Turns out, this place is very worth the time and effort to get to.Never mind the interior design and the small parking area. The food here is good. I tried the bulgogi burrito for the first time, and I never knew it would be that tasty. A little spicy, but still it gives me a symphony of flavors. Although I was confused at first whether to order at the counter or sit down, I soon figured out it was a sit-down place. Doi. Go figure.Anyway, the burrito is huge. Worth the price. They stuff it with tons of ingredients including the oh so tasty bulgogi. As I was halfway finished, the tortilla ripped apart and I was left with a pile of stuff. Delicious stuff. And I used my hand to eat it all up. You know it's good when you finish a mess with your hands.Must go here again for more exquisite deliciousness.
2	I didn't enjoy Komex. My girl dragged me here after a day full of errands, so I already wasn't in the mood to flip the coin in hopes of a good meal. We ordered a burrito and some nachos. The portions were really big and cheap, but I just didn't like the food. Too many combinations of flavors. I just didn't like having so many strong flavors all fighting for attention. I probably won't be back to give them another try.
4	So goood.. Sweet sweet cholesterol. Nursing a hangover from the weekend, my friends and I decided to venture away from the pricey strip options and search for some highly rated, 1 dollar sign places on yelp. Lucky for us, KoMex satisfied our only 2 requirements. We shared a plate of bulgogi nachos and I had the chimichanga. Everything was fried, oily, and absolutely delicious. Excellent food for getting rid of that death feeling after ingesting too much alcohol at 3am. However, I wouldn't exactly recommend eating here with 6 of your friends and then cramming onto a plane back to the Bay Area. Sorry again for all the farts, UA1463.
5	I have been twice!!! I am systematically working my way through their menu!!! Just love everything about this restaurant, love the family environment.... keep it going
5	Good flavors, cheap prices, huge portions. What else do you need?There's really not a lot to criticize at the prices are their food is offered at. When you pay 7 dollars for an entree, you generally don't expect that your food is going to be particularly special. However, they've got the fusion thing down here.Korean food and Mexican foods go surprisingly well together - though it is hardly a secret anymore. My buddy and I tried out three dishes.1. Bulgogi Burrito with kimchee2. Bulgogi Nachos3. Enchilada Plate with spicy porkWe were poorly prepared for the portion sizes. We could easily have taken 2/3 of every plate home, but we stuffed our faces full of the delicious food. The nachos in particularly are strikingly large in volume, and would require a number of people to down it as an appetizer. A half order would have been better... but hey, it's only $2 more for a full sized leftover!
4	I wasn't really sure how I would feel about a mexican/korean fusion joint but I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised. This place really exceled at the fusion tacos, especially the bulgogi (beef) tacos which really went well together. Also I was really impressed by the fried rice as well. The only down side was the spicy pork was a bit of a dissapointment, not that it was bad, but I have had better elsewhere. Staff was nice and friendly and the price was very reasonably as well.
4	3.5 stars.Food here is pretty solid.  I've had Korean in LA (which is much better back home, and I'm not trying to sound snobby, rather it's just something I can compare to), and the food here is a pretty decent.  I think the spicy pork is pretty good here, and the bulgoigi was just 'ok.'Bulgoigi Tacos $2 -above average-The bulgoigi tacos were pretty good.  They came out within 5 minutes of our order.Spicy Pork tacos-$2- above average-Same as above.Bulgoigi fried rice $9-slightly above average-Pretty good.  I wished they gave a little more bulgoigi though.  Had some trouble tasting it.  I think it might be ok to pass on this if you aren't in the mood for fried rice.Bulgoigi & Spicy Pork-slightly above average-The portions on this dish are massive!  Big enough for 2 people to share.  My only gripe was the bulgoigi was a bit over-cooked.  I enjoyed the spicy pork.Tips:-Complimentary chips w/ your order-Where's my kimchii at??!?!  I would've liked a complimentary side of this :POverall a solid choice if you are in the mood for Korean.  Like I said above, 3.5 stars
5	Yup, worth every star! Thank you fellow yelpers! The shrimp tacos- my fav!!!
5	You come across a place called "KoMex fusion"....Dazed? Confused? Mystified? Let me clear this up for you, KoMex fusion is Korean, Mexican, Chinese and American food all smashed together. Not clear enough? Well, then it is what everyone says it is, freakin awesome. It's quite a trek from the strip, so be prepared to hop on the freeway, but trust me, you will save much more money on food so the extra gas will be more than paid for. My family of four tried many different dishes, we all ordered drinks and our bill was $20. I'm not even joking. The problems with KoMex is that it is not in the best area and it is super small. There is often a line out the door. I suggest you go at off times, try everything and tip heavy (they work their butts off here).
5	absolutely amazing.  bulgolgi nachos, tacos, and tostadas and all we ate was amazing.  ownership is super nice.  they have dialed this in.
5	BELIEVE THE HYPE.It's a small place, with no fountain drinks (they have cans), in a neighborhood that is questionable and none of it matters. There could be bears in the bushes, snipers on the rooftop and landmines through the parking lot and it'd still be worth it here.What's good? Everything. What's cheap? Everything. The sauces make amazing food better. Get this food to go (call ahead, it takes a little bit) and then drive to Tenaya Creek Brewery for Amazing beer. YOU MUST DO THIS. I want to go back right now.
5	WHO: To all of you Korean food wrapped in tortilla goodness lovers!WHEN: I'm not too sure when they open, but I do know they close at 9pm.WHERE: North Decatur, sooooo far but soooo good! =/WHAT: It all began one night at about 8pm. My friend and I were thinking of a new food place to try. This one suddenly popped in my head (not knowing where it was even located), I called to see if they were still open, turned on GPS, and then realized how far we were supposed to travel (we were coming from the Southwest side of town)... We ended up getting there around 840pm.. I pretty much felt bad bec I saw they were closing and 9pm... Yes, I was that customer... lolWhen we entered, there was a Korean lady who greeted us (I think she was one of the owners). I appologized about coming in and ordering super late. She said it was just fine, with a smile! =) We then looked through the menu, and I wanted everything!! She helped us choose and we ended up getting...-The Fusion burrito: which consisted of spicy pork & kimchi wrapped in a burrito. Sooooo good-Pork belly musubi: which was the special going on at the moment. Sooooo good!!We were then greeted happily & we went on our merry ways... I love that place! I need to go back ASAP. Like NOW!!
5	Wow! Delicious Food, Great Service & Unbelieveable Prices! Saw that it was listed as one of the top 5 restaurants being reviewed on Yelp so I had to check it out. In a very non-descript strip mall, I found it tucked in the corner, but knew it was a winner by the parking and the people going in and out. Walked in and was immediately greeted. After I was seated fresh chips with some of the best salsa I have ever tasted along with guacamole were brought to the table, complimentary! They have a menu that takes your mouth around the world with a variety of foods - Korean, Mexican, Chinese & American. I had read about the wontons being delicious with a lot of meat, not just a pea size bite. That's right - crispy, hot wonton wrapped around a meatball size of flavor meat, served with a sweet chili sauce. The server was extremely friendly and explained to me any of the questions I had about the food. I order 2 of the bulgogi lettuce wraps! It is 30 cents more than the tacos, but who cares when they are still less than $2. Lots of layers of flavor in the wraps. Tender, seasoned meat topped with pickled vegetables, YUM. They then give you 3 different hot sauces you can the top them off . The table next to me ordered Kim-chee Rice which I will have to get next time when I am with a group of friends. A huge plate of fried rice, topped with a fried egg! Along with a drink, my total bill was $8.09. Unbelievable ! I can't wait to go back and try something else! If you check it out, your tummy will be happy, and so will your wallet!
4	Drove from the Strip to eat here. Worth the drive. We could eat here again and again and never try all the wonderful food. We took food home with us because we had to much. Will Korean Nachos be good after driving 4 hours to California? Guess we will see. At least we'll have food if traffic is slow getting back to LA area. Oops spoke to soon, traffic just stopped on the 15 and were nor even to the stateliness. [Nachos may not make it to CA]
5	Very good. Nice flavors. Fresh ingredients. Believe the hype.
4	all of their food is good. i like the flavors and the different types of sauces you can get. being korean the flavors are familiar to me but everything works well. the fresh guac is always good. i always get some tacos and a bulgogi quesadilla with kimchi, cant go wrong with that. i dont know if im really sensitive to MSG but i always get the MSG symptoms really bad. thirsty and sleepyand the amount i eat is usually moderate. so its not the itis. the only time i seem to get that way is when i eat at a chinese place that loads up on the MSG. maybe they add a lot of salt. NO MSG!
5	Basically, it's me in a taco.
5	Yay... Try this place in vegas
5	Korean Mexican fusion? The uniqueness of the combination and the reviews had me convinced I had to try it and glad I did. The portions were generous and flavoring was bold and unique.My bf and I had:1) Bulgogi Fusion Burrito2) Bulgogi fries3) 2 meat combo plate (spicy pork and bulgogi)The fusion burrito was scrumptious and very flavorful as was the meats on the combo plate. The fries were a little sweet (b/c the flavoring of the bulgogi meat) so it wasn't exactly my cup of tea, but the other two dishes alone were enough to give this place 5 stars!! If I lived in Vegas, I'd totally come back and try everything on their menu!!
2	Disappointed after reading all the reviews.  Had the kimchi beef fried rice and barely ate any of it.  The kimchi flavor was so overpowering, I could hardly taste anything else (and it's not like I'm not used to the flavor - I'm half Asian and was raised on Asian food).  There was hardly any beef in it (trust me, I dug through the pile of rice looking for it).  That said, the portions are huge and the service was nice.  I just wish I had ordered something else.
5	I would highly recommend this to place to all of the fusion lovers out there! VarietyNot only do they have fusion menu that combines Korean and Mexican, but they have separate sections of just Mexican, Asian, and American.PriceAll the items are reasonably priced!  Tacos at 1.65 and entrees about 5-8 bucks!  All three of us ate for 16 bucks!MenuIf you dine there, they give you free chips, salsa, and guacamole.  I ordered the bulgolgi taco and the pork taco with kimchi on it.  They were pretty hefty tacos for what you pay for them.  We also got the 5 friend wontons for 1.50.I can't wait to go back so I can try the other items on the menu!
5	Read the other reviews, believe what you read here and just go, you will not regret it. Very friendly, good food and inexpensive. We need to support these kinds of great businesses that are such value and will be missed if they don't stick around. Go, eat, enjoy, come back again ya hear!
4	Whenever I travel I love checking out cheap and good places where real locals love to eat. Having asked a few of my friends for suggestions the #1 recommendations was Komex.  Parking: I'm guessing during the day time this parking lot gets packed but luckily Komex has its own strip mall parking Thumbs upAtmosphere:Being from Hawaii the place is alright. Kinda old school looking. Otherwise its not much to look at. Basically what I would expect out of a Hawaii Plate lunch restaurantService:All I can say is the service was fast, food came quick and everything worked out greatCost:In Vegas standards this place can be really cheap or somewhat on the pricer side. Either way I think for a complete meal your looking to spend at least $6 per person.  I had a half order Kalbi nachos and 1 taco and I was pretty good and that was about $7Food:Seeing all the Yelp reviews I had to try the bulgogi Nachos and a pork taco.  Both items were definetly worth the money.  The Pork taco had a tad bit of spicy but was tasty and not to faty.  The BUlgogi half or nachos was pretty good and loaded with meat, cheese, salsa and other toppings.  The Bulgogi had a nice flavor and you know it had to be marinated for hours.  I do have a feeling that the nachos were zapped in the microwave oven though.Overall:If your looking for cheap and easy then this is the place. I waiting for my next trip to Vegas so I can try the highly recommended fried rice.
5	Cheap. Tasty. I drive across the valley for this place. Its my favorite.
5	Why the change in stars?  I think the food got better than the last time I was here...maybe it is in my head...dunno.Either way, I ordered the bulgogi fries again, but this time without the kim chi.  I love kim chi, but these were WAY better without the KC...Went with a bulgogi burrito...WAY better than the tacos IMO.  I had a few tacos this time, as well as remembering last time, and it is way better in the burrito fashion to me.I also tried some fish tacos...the regular fish taco was ok, not bad at all, but I prob won't order it again.  However, the calamari taco comes with a different sauce, and it was super good.  Very tender meat, and the sauce pulls it all together.  Bravo!I'll be back again :)
5	Just left Komex, first time there.  The place is great, value, good people and most of all good food.  You can not eat ambiance.  Had the burrito, saw other dishes and they looked great also.  All the customers were happy.  Will go back when I am in Vegas again.
5	Great priceFreshBig portionYummy food
4	The bulgogi and calamari tacos are awesome! Definitely worth a trip off the strip. The food is so tasty, serviing size, ad price is just right!
3	Decent priceQuick serviceBusy place, so it's difficult to find a tablefood was interesting, I love Mexican and Korean, but together it's just not my cup of tea.  The food just seemed greasy albeit seasoned welland NO scissors for the kimchi
5	Great service and grub!! I love the tacos with kimchi
5	My hubby and I loved this place. The bulgogi fried rice was awesome.  Since we moved to the area we have been searching for good beef bulgogi.  We finally found it here.   The tacos, burritos and fries were also fantastic.  It is definitely worth the trip to that part of town.  We will be back many, many times.
2	2 stars: Meh. I've experienced better. I've started to identify these restaurants that are Yelp hype-magnets.They have super high ratings, are generally budget friendly, yet aren't very good when you actually go there to try the food. I suspected this place was one of these places. I ordered a few different tacos, the kimchi fried rice, and washed it all down with a sidral mundet.So you get little tacos and a big platter of fried rice.The meat quality was average, the seasonings were basic, and the fried rice was copious in quantity, but the kimchi was pretty pathetic and the dish wasn't very good. There are so many hole in the walls that are truly excellent.This isn't one of them.Maybe it's because the place has blown up that it's resting on its yelp laurels? When I went, there were a couple Mexican families and a few hipsters eating there. And from what I've noticed, hipsters don't know good food if it smacked the horned rim glasses off their heads. If it had been truly a good spot, I'd have recommended it, and returned time and time again, but it really was very basic food and not really worth making a special trip that way to go eat there. If you live down the street, you can praise it to the skies, but for anyone in town for just a few days, this place is an easy pass.
5	Straight out of the car from Salt Lake City. We didn't stop at the hotel. We didn't drive the strip. We set the GPS coordinates for Komex and as road-weary travelers, peeled ourselves out of the car and ambled in to the restaurant.We don't get much (read:any) Korean-Mexican fusion in Salt Lake, so I was really looking forward to seeing what exactly it was. The food around us smelled terrific, and after eating right for days on end, it was time to splurge. Spend those calories!So what does a fella order when he wants to taste around? The bulgogi burrito, of course. Oh, and then a couple of tacos as an add-on to taste the other meats. One dak-gogi and one daeji-gogi, just to be safe. It wasn't pretty the way I unhinged my jaw and swallowed that whole burrito. But it wa oh-so-delicious. The side of kimchi made all the difference in the world, too. Beautiful, baby! And the tacos were tasty as well. I favored the pork over the chicken, but really--it was all unique and bursting with new flavors.I also got to sample the vegetarian noodles which had a slightly smoky flavor and were served in an approximate 47lb. mound. Portions are generous here, and there's plenty o' bang for not hardly a buck.
4	Massive portions, great taste and everything freshly made to order--I am in heaven.  If you aren't a big eater or sharing, the half portions will suit a normal appetite fine.  This is a family run restaurant, with Mom taking orders, Dad doing most of the cooking and 2 cute daughters as wait staff.  The Bulgogi burrito is huge and so yummy, as are the fish tacos.  Drinks are all canned or bottled, so no free refills.  If you want water with your meal, it is bottled, and is free..  Such a nice touch.  There is seating for about 30 or thereabouts, so you may have a small wait if you hit right at lunch or dinner hours, but I have never waited more than 5 minutes for a tableLast visit cost 21.70, including tax for 3 people.  Nice job, Komex--I look forward to my next encounter with your kimchi..
5	So goooood
5	Food is amazing, awesome portions, great service and cheap prices. What more can one ask for?  Make sure you try anything fusion and try the wontons (tucked away on the back page) - they are homemade!
3	It is such a far drive around 15 min from the LV strip to this place.  the wait is kind of long, but the wait for food is much longer.  I ordered to-go the bulgogi nachos and tacos.  It took around 30 minutes for the food to come out.  It is tasty but I would not drive this far for OKay tasting food.
5	Great serivce quality and price.
5	Tried this place for the first time today. I tried the 2 meat combo platter. Had the  Bulgogi (Beef) &  Daeji gogi (Spicy Pork) with steamed rice. DELISH !!!Will definitely be back.
4	Ate here tonight and it was all it was cracked up to be. It's a take out with same tables and no atmosphere (thus the 4 stars), but the service and food were both great and the prices are unbelievable. Who would have thought, bulgogi in a burrito or a chimichanga, but boy does it work (especially with the hot and tomatillo sauces - complimentary condiments). Could not eat the whole thing, but did anyway because it was too good to stop.
3	drove to the hood today (washington and decatur)  to try komex. upon arriving i thought it was a fast food joint but realizing it was actually a sit down place. my first thought was this place is classy. Food i ordered and tried was bulgogi, chicken and pork tacos. my favorite was the bulgogi my least favorite was the pork. the flavor of the tacos were good just wished the tortilla was a little bigger. I also tried the bulgogi french fries. the fries were ok...its just basically soggy fries, cheese and bulgogi. and then korean sauce poured all over it. i definitely wouldnt get them again. i dont think id drive to komex unless i was close to it. if i did the only thing id order again is the tacos.
3	The food here is pretty decent with the fusion but it is super greasy. It would be perfect if you're hungover. Also just a note the portions are MASSIVE and you definitely get your money's worth.
4	AMAZING!!!! I had the bulgogi fries and another dish I was so full but couldnt stop eating..will be going back for sure!!
5	This place is BOMB! I crave it daily. You must try the bulgogi taco with kimchi and the kimchi fried rice. Both are excellent. You have to ask for kimchi on the taco.
4	KoMex Fusion Express, the name says it all. It is perfect for those that either can't decide between Korean or Mexican, or simply wanted both for their next meal. Not to mention that these two cuisines with their affinity for their optional fiery kicks just pair well together.  In case that is not sufficiently enticing, there are some Chinese (friend wontons disappeared quickly off the plate here) and American added in for good measure.  Did I mention that it is reasonably priced too. First timers should test drive their Fusion Tacos or Burritos, prepared with Korean BBQ inspired fillings in traditional Mexican corn tortilla shells or flour tortillas.  Optional Kimchi can be added to the order, but I think it tasted better on the side and not in the tacos or burritos.  I rarely order nachos, but their Fusion Bulgogi Nachos was worth deviating from my customary ordering habits.This small mom and pop restaurant is operated by a nice couple.  It is located in what appears to be a rather worn out looking strip mall, but don't let that deter you from what will most likely be a surprisingly good experience eating out. Enjoy!
4	finally hit KoMex - not even close to my neighborhood, nor do i seem to have a reason to be in this area but i driven a heck of a lot farther for less quality food.Tried the fusion tacos ( beef, chicken and pork - $5 includes a canned soda ) , beef fusion burrito and the beef fusion quesadilla.  All great but i give the Gold to the burrito - great stuff, reasonable prices - this place is worthy of expansion to the rest of the valley !
3	Ok... now to rate this small quaint spot that I can do every now and then. I ordered the fried rice and it was pretty good. A little dry, but the flavor was good. Not my choice of dine-in as it's a little diner-ish to me. Lots of in and out loud traffic, loud tv right about booths. Waitresses a little not presentable. I would change that FAST. Appearance is Everything!A few of the tables had been left dirty, another thing they need to work on. It made the place look shabby and dirty...uncared for.
5	Love this place!Great food!Great service!They give you chips and dip while you are waiting for you food. It's a very small place. Prices are very reasonable. Staff is very friendly. It's literally great because it is something I have never tried in Vegas. It is one of a kind!
3	Dear Komex,I expected to love you. I wanted to love you. I just knew I would love you. However, something somewhere just fell short for me. I LIKED you but definitely did not LOVE you.I had booked marked you as a place to visit many moons ago. So in the car on the drive over to your place of business I was like a little school girl on the first day of school - excited, nervous and anxious. We pulled up and saw the long line outside the door and the place inside packed. (This just reaffirmed to me, how much I was going to love you.) Despite the long lines and how packed it was,  we were seated within 15 minutes. The menu looked good. I didn't know what to get. I settled on a fusion calamari taco and a half order of bulgolgi nachos with a side of kimchi, bulgolgi fried rice and spam musubi.We munched on warm tortilla chips with two small containers of salsa and guacamole (courtesy of your restaurant) while we waited for our food. My nachos came out first and I thought they were going to be topped with the kimchi but they were not. Instead, I received my kimchi about 5 minutes later.Let's talk about your bulgolgi nachos for a bit. They LOOK good. However, upon dissection all it is a HUGE plate of chips with skimpy toppings. The toppings there do equate to good flavor and a yummy taste but the ratio of chips to meat and cheese is lacking. I was slightly pissed off because of the lack of bulgolgi on my nachos. It was like it was sprinkled on quickly as an after thought. If I am paying $6.00 for a half order of nachos, I expect just a little bit more. Why not layer your nachos so that you get yummy toppings throughout? Because after you eat the top layer, you are left with plain ole tortilla chips. How fun or good is that? Think about it, okay?Kim chi. Is it jarred? And why is it chopped up so little? And kimchi should have some spicy heatness to it. This kimchi lacked in serious flavor. I swear it is jarred and I am thinking you might be able to get more flavor profile if you make your own. Think about it, okay?The fusion calamari taco. It wasn't bad. I don't have much to pick on about it. I ate it all. However, I don't know what I expected in my head but fusion just made me think it would be so different. It was just two long pieces of deep fried calamari on a flour tortilla with some lettuce and toppings and fusion tartar sauce. I LIKED it, but didn't LOVE it.Bulgogi  Fried Rice. You win in portion amount. Hands down. It is big just like the nachos. But when the first word is Bulgolgi, I expect more bulgolgi. I should have caught on when the waitress kept correcting me and calling it beef. I just thought she was being rude and didn't like the way I was saying it. The flavor profile in this fried rice is decent. I am a self proclaimed fried rice snob and I can honestly say I didn't have to add anything to it to make it taste better. I just needed more meat. I would gladly receive a smaller portion to get a bulgolgi fried rice. Think about it okay?Spam Musubi. Oh yeah. This was your saving grace, I bit into this sucker and it was like the angels started singing to me. But spam and nori, what is not to love?So Komex, what am I left with? Would I return? Yes. I did LIKE you. Will I rush back? No. You are bit too far and just need to make some improvements. Sincerely,Debra W.
4	Have a craving for Asian food but want Mexican grub? This is the best of both worlds! All of the fusion dishes are full of flavor and spice. Warning: spice level is not for the faint of heart. The spicy pork will set your mouth on fire. Bulgogi fusion burrito is a must try! The fried rice dishes also hit the spot. My only complaint is that there isn't more than one location, since the restaurant is way off-Strip.
4	I have been wanting to try this place for a little while now.  So when we had visitors in town that wanted some Mexican food, I thought what a perfect time to come check out this place. Although it really is off the beaten path for me, it was worth the trip to experience what Korean Mexican fusion was really all about.  The waiter brought out complimentary homemade chips with guac and salsa dip to start our night out.  We ordered the bulgogi burrito and kimchi fried rice and our friends had their fusion tacos.  Both dishes were quite good and fulfilling.  The portion size is huge and the ingredients inside were very fresh.  Although the bulgogi could have been more flavourful, their special house sauce and other hot sauce condiments really made the burrito stand out.  I really enjoyed this fusion restaurant, but because it is so far away from me, I think I will only be coming here if I am in the neighborhood for some other reason.  I took one star off because I had to ask the waitress for a knife to cut the huge burrito and extra plates so we can share our dishes.
5	My favorite fusion restaurant. The pricing is great, food tastes phenomenal!!Here are my favorites:Fusion TacoFusion EnchiladaJim's Bulgogi Fried RiceFusion TortaI do not recommend the quesadilla, it was too heavy with cheese for me.One of my favorite restaurant to take friends that are visiting Las Vegas. Every single one of my friends loved it, even with me hyping up the food so much
4	Would have given 5 stars if they served alcohol and if our server wasn't in training. Place might do better at a container takeout place with dine in sitting.  I ordered the fusion tostada with chicken. It was great. Also ordered the chicken sope. It was ok. Next time, and there will be a next time, I order 2 tostadas. My girlfriend ordered a vegetarian fusion burrito, and its one of the only times I've seen her that please by food she didn't make herself. Coke products are always a plus!!!!
4	My first time eating here at Komex... but it was the best food I've had from such a small place.  I got the Mongolian Beef and it was awesome.  I expected it to be spicier.
5	Ohmygosh. That bulgogi chimichanga??! Incredible. I wish I had not discovered that. It's way better than it has a right to be. Now I crave it. Tried to save half for another meal. Couldn't do it! Get in my belly! (mouth is watering, dammit!)
5	After a few months have passed by I feel the need to update.. at first I was like hmm.. it's good but lacks the flavor of a TRADITIONAL burrito. This is anything but.. and I've cravings for this delicious burrito time and time again. It's perfect for one of those times where you're like, "Should I get Korean or Mexican?.." with KoMex you can have BOTH!
5	I have actually been to this place over 9 times this year. I actually FOUND it on YELP! Why I haven't done a review?? Idk This place...LLLOOOORRRRDDD this PLACE! I am not a fan of change so FUSION to me is like...DEATH! When I walked into this small quaint place I just assumed that I would have a taco or two and keep going along with my day. WRONG..WRONG..WRONG. My 1st visit I just got every taco they had. PORK,BEEF, CHICKEN, SHRIMP, FISH...they all were great!My favorite however was the beef and pork..The food is always FRESH AND and hot! Not to mention how quickly it comes out.Then the BONUS of the chips, salsa AND GUACAMOLE while you wait?? Whose heard of FREE GUACAMOLE??? I have taken everyone I know to this place, locals and family and friends from California. ALL of them...ALL have loved this place! My friend got their nachos and literally ate until her stomach hurt! It's unbelievable how cheap this place is too! I never spend over $10. LOVE THIS PLACE!!
5	I had heard and read about this place for months before finally stopping in for a quick dinner with friends last night. The hype is strong and that kind of anticipation can often lead to dissapointment. Not this meal. We arrived seperately so two of us were seated and I quickly chose to try a both a bugogi beef and spicy pork fusion taco as an appetizer and get an idea of what I REALLY wanted to order. Both tacos were fantastic...Everything a great taco should be- fresh, doubled up tortillas, a generous pertion of meat and garnished wonderfully with some fresh pico, cilantro a few strands of cris cabbage and limes. Also there was a slight tang of vinegar like acidity at the end I loved.  When I saw the Fusion Fries on the menu my eyes burned laser holes thru that section of the menu, only question was which of these well prepared meats would I choose. Being a risk taker by nature I inquired about the possibility of both meats but was denied by a level headed chef who probably knew better. I went with the beef and was not dissapointed. My only reservation with this dish was the fact that the shoestring fries were no match for the mountain of goodness blanketed lovingly over them. Might go with the nachos next time which my friends ordered and were anchored by the same sturdy homeade tortilla chips that were presented to us free of charge on arrival. Delicious. Service was very good, especially considering we had people staggering into our table at different times and seperate checks. Extremely humble spot, but clean and comfortable. I was on the fence between 4 and 5 stars but the prices are ridiculously low and the fact that they're bringing something different that is also family run AND homeade to a part of town that needs it? Home run.
5	Excellent cheap eats. The bulgogi fusion flautas are an absolute must! Get there before noon during the week or you might have to wait for a table.
4	Very far from where I live but since I was around the area, decided to try this place out because of it's insane amount of reviews. Considering the ratings, was a bit surprised at it's location and the ambience but you can't argue with good food and good value.got the 4 tacos with the chicken and the bulgogi, an imported pepsi, and something like a burrito. It was a lot of food, tasty and very inexpensive so I understand the good ratings. Probably stop by if Im near the area.
5	Love this place!! One of my favorites! Service is always great!Food is delicious, a few of my favorites are: fusion torta with spicy pork, the pulled pork sliders, the bulgogi nachos and the kimchi fried rice. I can never get enough of Komex!!PS: their homemade hot sauce is a must try!
5	I could not believe there was such a fusion out there. It's a very small restaurant but comfortable. The ladies there are very nice but when busy is hard for them to keep up with their customers. The good is amazing. I had the burrito... I will never forget how amazing it was. We also had some tacos and they made good for our son since they didn't have a kids menu. Great overall. You have to try it!
3	This is a place I frequent on the regular. about once a month, we love the combo fried rice (beef and shrimp only). We get 2 beef lettuce wraps and 1 beef corn taco to share in addition, which leaves my boyfriend a good sized portion of rice to take to work. The food here in phenomenal, the only place we frequent more often is our sushi joint!On the other hand, one of the nice things about this small family business when it first opened was that they really appreciated the business, the service was really friendly. The last time I was there, the entire staff was incredibly rude, especially to guests placing to-go orders. One gentleman was seated at a table near us, and was asked to get up and go to the counter to order, the woman at the counter was also very rude to several other guests placing orders. On this trip, we were never asked how the food tasted, nor were we offered any condiments (I walked over and grabbed the sauces myself). Overall, the food here is really great, but the service has started to go down hill tremendously. When the staff treats customers like they aren't important, it makes me want to find a new place to go.
5	Wow!A restaurant trifecta! Good service, good food, original idea.First, the service. Our waitress was extremely nice and very efficient. I always appreciate friendly service and good recommendations.Second, an enormous quantity of tasty food. We could have ordered half as much and been completely sated.Finally, this fusion trend is not new but when it's done right, you know it. The spicy pork torta with jalapenos, lettuce, tomato and kimchi, and the beef burrito with kimchi on the side were full of flavor.
5	In my head, the fusion of Mexican & Korean didn't quite click, but was I ever wrong!  This food is fabulous, and we will definitely go back when back in the area.We had a fish taco, a calamari taco, and the Bulgogi Nachos - oh my!
4	I had the spicy pork and chicken with rice when I came for the first time and it was good. Very tiny hole in the wall but the food was good, I would go back again.
4	Hmm Komex is still awesome, but they have changed up a few things which really put the place over the top since I last stopped by.Came by a few days ago with Pratik W. and noticed that the whole place looked different. They eliminated some booths and opened the place up which is good!.But sadly they have eliminated the Yelp check in offer for the free wontons. Really bummed me out - show love to your Yelp fans!Also, one of things which I loved which was the free bottled water has now been replaced by tap water. They used to serve water in a glass straight from one of those small Costco water bottles, now its tap. I understand that it may have been costly but tap water sucks and they could have at least gotten a Brita as some people do expect this.But of course the food is still awesome. Great fusion you can't get anywhere else!
4	Love the bulgogi fries! So much better than carne asada fries. Kimchee fried rice is so awesome too! Reasonable prices and they give you lots of food. My hubby & I had enough leftovers for the next two days.
4	I had just landed at LAS and my friends picked me up at the airport. My first stop in Vegas was KOMEX. It's in a small shopping center and has limited parking. We go inside and there are about 8-10 tables maybe?? They greet us as we enter and asked if we'd like to dine in or get carry-out. We dine in and they let us choose where we would like to sit. We sat down, looked over the menu and got chips & dip, bulgogi fries, bulgogi taco, chicken taco and kimchi fried rice wth a fried egg on top. Everything was UHh-may-zing. bulgogi tacos came on corn tortilla with really fresh pico de gaillo type of toppings--diced tomatoes, white onions, cilantro, red and white cabbage.  We asked for hot sauce and they brought over a spice tray, which is amazing for us spicy-hot lovers. I was expecting Tobasco sauce but they came out with red chili mix sauces (total of 4 on a tray). We tried every single one of them and they aren't too spicy but they still have some kick to it and were very flavorful.  Bulgogi fries came out with fries at the bottom, topped with bulgogi and melted cheese and the usual toppings. SOOOO good. the fries weren't soggy (yet) and it came with jalapeno peppers, which was an awesome bonus. The Kimchi fried rice was spectacular. It came out a little later since they cook everything to order.  It was hot, it was spicy, kimchi was good and slighly crunchy, and it was really delicious. I highly recommend this dish.The server was very attentive to us and everyone else there. She was really nice and checked up on us frequently. It was about 3pm when I arrived, so perhaps they weren't all THAT busy during that time.  But people came trickling in.  I saw that other people ordered burritos, which looked good from afar. Next time I visit Las Vegas, I gotta stop by here again and try the other items.
4	Korean/Mex fusion is not a new thing. But this place has got the recipe down. I came with Angela and we both ordered some bulgogi tacos and shared the nachos.The nachos hands down is amazing. Really amazing. You can absolutely come here and just order this as your only meal. Or, get some bulgogi tacos. Yeah they're good. Not the best I've ever had. Wish they made their own tortillas but almost no does in the States. But you get a ton of food on one taco.Oh yeah, take a look at the pic I took. Its unique, I was amazed that no one else has taken this pic and posted it. It's not food, it's the sign about KoMex not being fast food. Seriously, this sign says it all. I think out of principle, I'd eat and support any place that has an equivalent sign.
5	this fusion spot is so delicious.  if you like korean and mexican, you can't go wrong.  the bulgolgi burrito was so yummy and also very big.  my husband and i shared.  definitely try it out!
3	I enjoyed my meal here. The staff and owners are attentive and seem to care. The food was tasty and good. It deserves three stars. Areas that could be improved: overall flavors were good, not great, the ingredients did not wow me.I liked it, might go back, and would suggest it at least once.
5	I had the carne asada Ko-Mex fusion burrito and it was awesome! Along with it the chips & salsa were good and my waitress was great too! If I didn't live so far away we'd be eating here all the time. If you're in the area, stop in, have a bite and keep this place going.
5	Let me just start out by saying, this place is awesome!  It was packed on a Saturday night when we arrived.  We had to wait a bit to be seated, but we didn't care after tasting what we had waited for.  My table and I went crazy for Bulgogi since this is what you should do when trying Korean/Mexican/Chinese/American fusion (phew!)  We ordered the Bulgogi fusion tacos, the Bulgogi fusion burrito, and the Bulgogi fries.  After seeing pictures of those fries and living in San Diego for years where carne asada fries are like crack, I couldn't resist.  Everything was delicious!  The tacos were cheap and had great flavor.  We ordered kimchi on the side which was a nice accompaniment.  The burrito used similar ingredients but could definitely fill you for days.  The fries came out on a huge plate and we could barely make a dent in them, although we did try our best.  The server was very attentive and friendly.  Plus, she didn't stare in disgust as we sat before this mountain of food, which was much appreciated.  I will definitely be back Komex, but next time I think I will venture onto the Asian side of the menu.
5	Almost 500 reviews with an average of a near 5 star rating. Pretty impressive.  And tasting their Bulgogi Fried Rice that my husband ordered I can see why. It's the best out of alot of places we've tried. I really like how they mince the beef and mix it into the rice. The flavors really were pronounce throughout.  Every spoonful had the perfect balance of meat and rice. Mr. B cleaned up his plate and went up and ordered some to go..so it must've been that good.  I had the Fusion Tostada which had Bulgogi beef, shredded cabbage, cilantro, pico, that sat on a bed of rice that was crisped and there you go, the foods of Korean and Mexican fused. KoMex!  Genius!So how did you all discovered this place being it's the random restaurant in the neighborhood strip mall?  It's not even listed on the main shopping marquee.The shop itself is pretty basic. I like they have wait service. We got our orders promptly.  Everyone was really friendly. Mr. B says he doesn't mind the drive all the way from Henderson for their fried rice, so it's safe to say we'll be here alot more on this side of town. The Bulgogi wrapped in lettuce sounds good!  Im going to try that next!So stars for great concept, good food, nice menu selections, wait service and  value for what you get!
4	Tasty and unusual, but far from healthy is a decent way to start.  This tiny restaurant combine a Korean Chef and a Mexican Chef who magically mix two cultures into one interesting flavor combination.  Everything I have tried so far has been tasty, but leaves me feeling a little greasy afterwards.  Good lunch, but get there early or you will NOT get a seat.  Definitely worth a try if your want something new and interesting.  Delicious food!
4	Went to KoMex for the first time for my friends birthday...one word DELICIOUS. Once my friend mentioned the place I checked it on yelp and the ratings were 4 to 5 stars so I was pretty excited to check the place out and try the food. For starters we ordered the bulgogi fries and nachos both half orders. Beef bulgogi kimchi fried rice, combo fried rice, spam musubi that we all shared. The fries were worth trying, as for the nachos they were good as well. But if I had to pick between the two to try its would definitely be the fries. The kimchi fried rice was delicious, especially being a kimchi lover. The combo fried rice came with veggies, beef, and shrimp which was good. If you haven't been here you definitely have to try this spot out, worth spending some bucks on.
4	Very much a hole in the wall. Very unique and very good. I ordered 3 different types of fusion tacos and all of them came out really good. I'm very big on vegetables and those were loaded with cabbage, tomatoes and etc. Very good. Prices are reasonable. Would recommend.
5	One word - YUMMY!  I was a little concerned about this place due to the neighborhood.  But, the shop is very clean and the wait staff super friendly and professional.  I can't wait for my children to come home from college so I have another excuse to go there!
3	Came here because I had a craving for Mexican food.  I decided to try KoMex.First off the customer service is excellent.  They are prompt and very friendly.   The meat used is also very lean, tender, and not fatty at all.    The meat is marinated Korean style.  That being said it just didn't satisfy my Mexican craving.  First off the rice was fluffy, bland  and not flavored as Mexican rice.  The beans also did not seem to have much flavor and was a bit on the dry side.  The chips and salsa they give you while you wait  though was excellent.   It was very fresh and tasty.  I just think I was expecting the fusion to be a lot more Mexican tasting.  Next time I think I'll will try the Korean side of this restaurant. since the prices here are great.
4	Having just moved to Las Vegas from The Bay Area, I wanted to try something new and delicious. Enter KoMex. Now, I am as Mexican as it gets. And being so close to San Francisco's Mission District and San Jose's East Side, I was blessed with some of the best Mexican food in the United States, so of course my palette tends to be a bit critical when it comes to Mexican dishes.That said, this place was actually really good! We were seated promptly and during out stay we were approached twice and asked if everything was fine. Now that's pretty awesome customer service. My friend ordered the fusion flautas and I ordered the bulgogi burrito. I had a flauta and it was delicious. Very crunchy and flavorful. My burrito was pretty big and it was really good but I felt that it was missing sour cream. I mean, who the hell eats their burrito without "crema mexicana" or failing that, normal sour cream? Not a bad overall burrito but definitely not game changing and not amongst the best I've had. But again, my standards are ridiculously high.They ended the service with orange slices and fortune cookies. Which was a nice touch. And over all the meal ended up being less than $20 for the two of us. Score!I'll definitely be back. Maybe next time I'll get some of those flautas or try something else on their really yummy looking menu.
5	Why is KoMex so good?!? For this visit, we spiced it up with some Bulgogi Fried Rice and then ordered a few tacos. Hot chips, salsa, and guacamole served right away. The rice was awesome and too much (should have gotten the 1/2 order for $1.50 less). I love the bulgogi beef at this place.  This time we were able to try the pork tacos and they were worth the wait (when we went 2 years ago they had run out of pork).  It was spicy and delicious on the tacos. There is a reason this place is so highly rated on Yelp.  If you're in Vegas, tear yourself away from the Strip for just one meal and just go to KoMex!!!
3	The wait staff is fantastic, and I really enjoyed my food. I had the Korean beef nachos (half order) and then 2 tacos (beef and chicken). The tacos were ok, but to be honest nothing spectacular. The nachos stole the show for me, and I enjoyed every aspect of them. They have the perfect combination of spicy, sweet, and crunchy. I will say that I bet a lot of people would want them spicier, but they were perfect for me.The one drawback seems to be their drink selection. I think that they should invest in a soda delivery system - this would make me raise my review by a star for sure.
5	Spicy Korean style wings were fabulous!  I actually wouldn't order wings if it was the last food on earth, but the lovely head lady suggested I try it.  I'm glad I took her advice because they were the most delicious wings I've ever had.  They took time and patience in marinating the meat; whereas, most restaurants buy frozen and don't do anything to them except drop them in a fryer and serve.  Bravo Komex!!!
5	the beef & spicy pork fusion tacos are amazing! wonderful flavor & tender meat. the fried wontons are incredibly juicy. even the chips, fresh guacamole and salsa were incredible. amazing service
5	Finally got to try this place! It's definitely the real deal. I went with the to-go option just because it was a long day and I wanted to head home, but they probably have around 30 seats in the place. The decor definitely takes most of its cues from the Korean side, and the feel is pretty casual overall.Completely loved the pork fusion taco. Bold flavors all-around (make sure to squeeze lime), with the only drawback being that I didn't order two or more. The chicken fusion taco was pretty good but wasn't as flavorful for me. I want to give a re-do on the bulgogi fusion burrito because I ended up saving it for a late dinner and it might've lost its touch by then.I'd love to go back soon, bring a friend, and try some fusion nachos or fries. Maybe a fusion chimichanga too, or the flautas that come with fusion guac (what's that?!)
5	Great food! Very different.... let's just say, I was not expecting that!  Yum Little small place.  Try to beat the lunch rush! Pros: Food-Everything?  Good lunch cost.  Good portion size.  Cons: Small hole in wall so not much room. Small amount of chips/dip. But was good!
5	omg this place is AWESOME!! really no words can describe how delicious this place is everything we ordered was mind blowing even the orange slices at the end of the meal is amazing! im for sure going to come back!!
5	So good! We have been here three times and have had excellent service every time. We love the chips and salsa they give you when you sit down. All the tacos and burritos we have tried so far have been delishious. The kimchi that can be added to the burrito is excellent also.
5	I live all the way on the other side of town but always have to make the trip to eat here at least once a month. The menu has a wide variety of food from mexican to korean. I love both kinds of food so i think it's a genius fusion! They give everybody free chips and salsa in the beginning of the meal, and usually give orange slices at the end. The one thing i always have to order is the bulgogi fried rice. It's delicious and comes in a huge portion! I also always try to order something new and so far, i haven't ordered anything i didnt like. Luckily, everything is so cheap here, i dont feel guilty for ordering a bunch of stuff! Usually when a place has good food for cheap prices, the staff isn't so great... But not this place! The workers are always friendly and attentive, even when they're busy with every single table filled and more people waiting at the door! I highly suggest this place. It does not disappoint!
4	Great mix of flavors, I had the bulgogi nachos with kimchi, the other people at my table were blown away by how good i their burrito was.
3	The food is great, but it feels as if it's overly greasy. Nevertheless some quick tips!1. Parking is pretty plentiful. It's in a small strip mall in a not so nice neighborhood.2. The point of a restaurant like this is to try their fusion offerings, after all the name is Komex! Get a little less authentic on both sides and try the Fusion Burrito or a chimichanga.3. The meats are pretty good quality and taste pretty good.4. For those who don't tolerate greasy food, try sticking to the rice plates as opposed to the burritos or chimichangas or tacos.The food here is good, but some of the things that made it stand out for me as a poor experience was the atmosphere provided by the place. It's a fusion place so it's a little quirky to begin with, but the venue is so small it feels like you're a sardine a sardine can barely living it out. The other thing in regards to ambiance is that during the summer time, it gets incredibly hot and the only thing that Komex does to alleviate this for customers is to turn on the fans that they have. When my girlfriend and I went, we were sweating like two California piggies.Anyways, the meats and the overall presentation of the meal was nice. The burrito is big and so is the chimichanga. Looking over at other tables, the rice plates and the nachos are really decent for the price. The only complaint I have is the food feels a little heavy on the greasy side. Otherwise, the service was quick, polite, and friendly. Although I like this place, it isn't one of those places where I'm like, "MAN I've got to come back."
5	Looks are deceiving.  Komex is a prime example. Buried admist a poorly lit strip mall just off the 95 and Decatur, Komex has a handful of tables and really no decor to speak of.  Sure they have chinese horoscope placemats and trays of sauces but without the name, this could be any type of restaurant.Back to the theme, looks can be deceiving and they are.  What Komex lacks in decor, this Korean/Mexican Fusion restaurant delivers in taste.  After reading so many positives and receiving recommendations from a friend, we stopped there late last night and had ourselves a 32 dollar feast.  We ordered Bulgogi Fried Rice, Bulgogi Nachos and Won Ton Soup and two drinks.  ADVICE - PORTIONS ARE BIG so either split a plate or go just for an entree.  We took a ton of food home.The fried rice was excellent.  The beef tasted great and the spice was just right.  The wonton soup also packed a lot of flavor.  The nachos were enjoyable and filled with lots of different items unlike some nachos in other establishments where you have to hunt to find the meat.   The price is right, the food is delish, the staff friendly and even accomodated a 15 person party despite having few open seats left.Its on the rotation!
5	We ate at KoMex for lunch on Saturday 3/30/13. We knew it was a popular place, so we went right when they opened at 11am.We each ordered a taco fusion that we wanted and shared family style:Fusion Bulgogi Fries (1/2 order) $5.99 - this was really tasty, and a half order was plenty for 5 of us to share.Fusion Pork Burrito $5.99 - this was a huge burrito with Mexican rice, green & brown onions, pico de gallo, lettuce, soy/sesame base sauce.Bulgogi & Spicy Pork combo rice plate $9.99 - the bulgogi was my favoriate, the spicy pork was my husband's favoriteI tried the pork fusion taco, others at our table had the beef fusion taco, and the calamari fusion taco.Everything was yummy and so inexpensive. The bill was $37 for the 5 of us, and we took leftover food home!  We'll be back to KoMex!
5	burrito. good.
5	Wow my mouth just had a party and all the flavors are invited! This place is to die for! I just wish it was open on mondays... but you cant get everything you want. This place looks like its going to be just another knock off place but than you get the food and its to die for!!! the tacos were some of the best I have ever had.
5	This little hole-in-the-wall restaurant produces Korean-Mexican fusion delights that exude wonderful flavors. Everything is made fresh. The owners concern for quality comes through with every bite. The tables are very plain. There is nothing at all fancy. Don't let that stop you from going to KoMex - you will not be disappointed.
5	Komex is fantastic!  Went for the bulgogi nachos which were great.  But, the fusion tostada with the pork was amazing.  The shell is rice just crispy fried on the outside with the meat and this asian slaw on the top.  The server recommnded the pork as the meat.  My husband got one bite of this and one bite only.  The three tacos with each of the three meats is a good way to go to taste them each.  The guys next to us got the bulgogi fries which also looked and smelled great, but I am a nachos girl.  We went at lunch and it was quite busy, but we got a table and the service was friendly, quick.  Delicious! ...  that sums it up.
2	I ate here a while ago and it was the first thing my friend and I ate after a day in Red Rock and as soon as it hit our stomachs we knew we were in for some horrible food poisoning. I kid you not, I went to the bathroom to throw up in the middle of the meal because my stomach hurt so bad. I have never gone back and as much as I love the idea and concept of this place, I do not want to have to worry about shitting my pants everytime I eat a bulgogi burrito.
4	I broke my Komex cherry yesterday. Went for a late lunch yesterday so I kept it small. We split some Bulgogi nachos which were Fan Tastic! I had the fusion sliders(with Bulgogi). Two nice sized sliders loaded with meat. Bulgogi is well seasoned and so flavorful! I need a return trip to try the spicy pork.
5	Unbelievable! My husband had wanted to try this place and I just couldn't imagine the Korean-Mexican combo... so I was dogging it. Finally gave in and can't believe the melange of flavors and how they worked so well together. The Bulgogi nachos, a combo of crisp tortilla chips covered in mozzarella, beef, jalapenos, korean hot sauce and pico hit all the taste buds at once... Zowie... I'm hooked! Got the special of 3 soft corn tacos, topped with marinated green/purple cabbage, cilantro, pico and onions at an incredible $5 (including a drink) and they were down right mouth watering. The have several hot sauces, some bottled and some homemade, which I partook. One of the homemade sauces was a sweet/hot combo that set my portion of the nachos on fire... just the way I like it. YUM!!!! Get there as soon as possible!
4	I was craving some messy goodness so I decided to come here since there has been so many positive reviews.  SERVICE BREAKDOWN:When we first walk through the door, there were 4-5 seats with 2 people already seated.  I thought there was a line so I sat and waited to be asked how many in my party, etc.  Nobody stopped by, nobody acknowledge that we walked through the door.  After waiting about 5 minutes, I finally asked the 2 people next to me if they were waiting to be seated since they just got done cleaning 2 tables and was told no, and that they were here to pickup their take out.  I was extremely unhappy since I was starving and really wanted food!  I actually reconsidered going somewhere else to eat... I finally had to stop a waitress and told her I needed a table for 2 and she told me to wait a few minutes.  Thankfully a minute later we were seated.  After all that misunderstanding, the service quality quickly turned around.  The waitress, who I believe is the wife, was friendly and polite.  All the staff stopped by our table throughout the meal to make sure we liked everything and check if we needed anything else. FOOD BREAKDOWN:Chips and Salsa (complimentary) - I really loved that the chips were made there and not the typical store bought ones.  The salsa and guca was not spicy which was fine since we werent told that it was spicy.  I did like that they had a spice tray (similar to the ones you would see in a Thai restaurant) so you can really make it spicier if needed ^_^Fusion Chimichanga (Fried Burrito topped with Enchilada Sauce, Marinated Cabbage, Onions, Cillantro, and PIco de Gallo) - I picked the Spicy Pork as the meat of choice for this dish and it was flavorful but had no kick to it whatsoever.  I will say for the price ($7.99) the size was completely worth it ^_^ It was pretty much the size of my head which was totally awesome!  The chimichanga was loaded with the topping and served on a warm plate.  This is not something you cant eat with your hands!Fusion Bulgogi Nachos (Meat, Mozzarella Cheese, Pico de Gallo, Jalapeno, and Korean Hot Sauce) - We did a half order and I wished i got the full! This was my favorite thing out of the two items.  I wish other restaurants made their own chips cause it was what made the dish!!  I loved that you can add Kimchi without any additional cost!  It was so delicious that I need to go back and order this again.
4	I love this place. I usually order bulgogi fusion taco or chicken taco. Their bulgogi fries is the bomb. The reason I gave four instead of five is they are little stingy on their kimichi. Last time I ordered 6 taco and they only gave us tiney little cup of it.
5	Two words: So. Good.KoMex was recommended to me by both a Korean friend and a Mexican friend, so I knew this place had to be legit.  I called to place an order for pick-up for dinner for the bf and I.  The staff member I talked to was really friendly and helped me when I told her I had never been there before and wasn't sure about portions and what not.  I settled on the bulgogi burrito, chicken tostada, and pork belly taco since it was a special that week.The chicken tostada was AMAZING.  It was so good.  I love that the tostada is actually made out of rice and it has this deliciously crunchy sear on the outside of the rice patty.  I'm definitely hooked on that.  The pork belly taco was super tasty too.  I had a bite of the bf's burrito; it was huge and delicious.Just a note, the hot sauce they give you is legit. That stuff was super spicy, so I'd use it sparingly!The food was amazing and I'll definitely make the drive to go back.  My car did smell like onions/garlic/food the whole next day and I did notice the same fragrance inside the small restaurant and it lingered on me even though I was inside for only 5 minutes to pick up the food, but that was about the only negative I could think of.  Amazing dinner for two people for $13? I'm sold.
5	This is a place best done with many friends so you can share Bulgogi Fries or Nachos. I split a fusion burrito $5.99 and it was plenty. Even the half order of Bulgogi nachos $5.99 ($7.99 full) were enough for two of us. I really like the feel of this tiny place. It's a hidden gem.
2	Y'all are crazy.  I don't know how this place has so many stars.  I was not impressed.  Maybe I just had different expectations of what the food would taste like.  Korean and Mexican...I'd expect some spice.  Everything tasted sweet to me.  I don't think I'd try it again.
4	fusion yummy. good tasting food. not sure if i went on a busy night or if they were short-staff'ed. a bit slow on the service, but oh well, yummy food.
5	My American Dollars go a loooong way at KoMex!  I fed a table of three for just about $20 and the great thing about it was we were all full to our bellies!   The fusion of korean and mexican food is done right at KoMex.  Korean BBQ, salsa and corn tortillas make a good combo especially at the going rate of $1+ each.  Throw it down with the killer Bulgogi Fries, which is a mother-load of marinated bbq, salsa and cheese on top of a bed of fries.  Be sure to try out all the sauces on their sauce caddy.  The mix of korean and mexican salsa makes a great addition to such classy grub! Kimchi I'm out!  ...oh but don't forget, location is a lil' north townish, so lock yo doors!
5	Food is great, service is good as it can get due to small size.Just so you don't get upset.... expect a wait during normal eating times. (Lunch time for example)
5	Great concept! You have to love  korean food in order to enjoy the fusion of both. My Latin friends didn't  enjoy  it as much as I did. I'm filipino and enjoy all Asian foods. Living  in San Diego I got a lot of Mexican food being so close to the border. I love this place! The other reviews are all on point. I'm gonna make this my new fav. When I'm in town. Fast, friendly service. What more can you ask for right!
4	Yummy!!! Who would've thought to combine Korean and Mexican food? Who would've thought it'd be so successful?! The kim chee fries and kim chee fried rice were amazing!!! Always always get the specials!! My girlfriend had the taco special for $1.90 and they were huge!
5	Three words you need to know... PORK BELLY TACO! The best taco I ever ate. I stop in for lunch to treat myself when I'm on that side of town. Lucky for me, today's special was the Pork Belly Taco. Order one along with the Buldogi meat taco., which was good, but could have eaten a dozen of the pork belly. Sweet tender meat with slaw wrapped in a corn tortilla! This was a special, hopefully it will stay a special, or make it on the menu!Again I ordered the won-tons, which you can't go wrong.. the meatiest wontons you will ever have.. As usual chips with salsa and guacamole served when you sit down.. all fresh and delicious..
5	I had been wanting to try this place for weeks. We actually just ended up here unplanned, this past Tuesday we were headed to Thai Grill but when we arrived there the closed sign was up with a note saying "Closed today Tuesday because the cooks are tired and need a break, will open tomorrow Wednesday" Okaaayyy?? So of course we were disappointed, we sat in the parking lot a min or two trying to find another thai place close by, I really wanted some Tom Kha soup and Larb.. Anyways, we didn't find anything and I noticed KoMex was right down the street, so to KoMex we went! Thank god we did, this place was AMAZING. We did have to wait for about 10 min, they were packed, it was around 12:30, so it was lunch time. Once we got sat they came right over to get our drink order and then asked if we were ready to order, only except we didn't even have time to open the menu, so we asked for a few minutes. We ended up ordering a half order of the Bulgogi Fries, a half order of the Chow Fettuccine with shrimp and 4 Bulgogi tacos. Everything was delish! My favorite was the Chow Fettuccine, so good. The only thing I didn't really like was on the Bulgogi fries, there was WAAAYYY too much cheese... if they would have put half of the cheese on that they did, they would have been better. Ill definitely be going back multiple times to try EVERYTHING on the menu.Im giving 5 stars for the food and price. As far as service goes, it was eh, they seemed too busy to give proper service, and it doesn't help that the dining space is small and all the tables are a little cramped. The only other thing I would change is their hours, they definitely need to be open late, its the perfect place for drunk food.
5	What is the best way to get an Asian to eat Mexican food? Make it fusion with Korean. After a few years of working in a Mexican and then a Southwestern restaurant, Mexican is usually lower on my list of favorite cuisines. With Komex, they definitely change that mindset. For $2, you will get a taco that is stuffed full of meat, veggies, and ask for kimchi. If you are trying to go lighter, the option of a lettuce wrap instead of tortillas can be done. The bulgogi is my favorite to put into or onto anything. Tacos... BULGOGI!... Nachos... BULGOGI! It does not matter, bulgogi needs to go on it.
4	Read about this place for cheap eats os 2012 during my visit to Vegas. Place was not hard to find and so glad I made the trip out. The bulgogi nachos were amazing and the prices are really reasonable. The nachos were crisp and full of flavors. The bulgogi was so tender and juicy. The cheese was stringy and sweet. All the flavors blended together so well. Had the chicken taco which was amazing and tasted so authentic. Wish I could have one of these in my neighborhood because this would be weekly visit and definitely a drunkie's dream come true!
5	Please go there and have the Buldogi taco and the fish taco
5	Quick, polite, interesting fusion.  1 star for originality. 4 stars for food overall quality.  Bulgogi nachos are sweet AND spicy.  Give you a large portion so I'd suggest splitting it between 2 people.
5	I LOVE their food! I've had quite a few things on the menu, and I've never been disappointed. My favorite dishes is the bulgogi tacos and bulgogi nachos. But explore, because they make good food!!This is a mom & pop type of place so don't expect the fine dining experience. But honestly, some of the best foods I've had have been at these type of places.
5	Yeah I was a little suspect of the fusion possibilities between Korean and Mexican but left a believer!  If you are remotely close at lunch or dinner time, you won't be disappointed by making sure you stop by.They were crowded but efficient and we were able to sit down within 10 minutes.  Staff was friendly and attentive.  The food was awesome and well priced.  You can't go wrong here.
5	Holy cow!! This place is insanely good!! Bulgogi fries and bulgogi tostada are to die for!! The tostada has a crispy rice cake in place of a crispy tortilla. Insanely delicious! I have nothing but great things to say about this place. I can't vouch for the "non-fusion" items but the fusion items are awesome! Reasonably priced and excellent attentive service makes this an even better dining experience. If you haven't make the trek to try this place, stop what you're doing and go now!!
4	Before I tried Komex - which my brother has been raving about for years - I thought I hated "fusion."  Every fusion thing I had tried before was gross.  But, because it is my brother's favorite place, I went into it with an open mind.There are vegetarian options (tofu, veggies, bean & cheese), but it seems like this place is more of a winner for the meat-eaters.I had the cheese enchiladas (not fusion style) and the seasoned fries.  (The menu has fusion stuff, just Mexican stuff, Asian stuff, and American stuff.)  My plan was to make my own fusion - enchiladas and fries!  Who does that!  No one!  Fusion!  I got a side of kimchi as well, in case I felt like getting real nuts.  (My brother got a side of the stir fried kimchi ($2) and this is way better than the normal kimchi - go for it.)The enchiladas by themselves were nothing special.  I think they had mozzarella cheese on them, which was weird.  There was just too much cheese in general.  Beans were good though.  I tried some bites with kimchi, and it was a winner.The fries were great though.  I put some of the sauces they give you on the fries, along with some of my side of kimchi, and they were booooommmmb.  This should be something you can order - feel free to call it "Leslie's Favorite." Because of this good experience, next time I'd be willing to try an actual fusion item - which is a big step because before Komex I had sworn off ever trying anything fusion again.Service was great, but I didn't like all the people waiting for a table staring me down while I was trying to enjoy my meal - put those suckers behind a screen or something!
5	Don't come here looking for a gourmet experience. It's not fast food either, it's very affordable dine-in fusion food. They close early and it's out of the way in North Vegas.If you're looking for delicious food though, please make a stop here. Lunch is the perfect time to go. We stopped by on a weekday and it was empty. It's located in a strip mall and can be easy to miss.But the food is just straight up delicious! Bulgogi tacos with all kinds of hot sauce. The meat was seasoned perfectly, piled with onions and cilantro, and topped with a selection of hot sauces. It was one of the best tacos I've had in a long long time.Service is excellent. The hostess/waitress is very friendly and not intruding at all when you're trying to enjoy your food. It looks like a family owned business. I wouldn't hesitate to come back here again.
5	Why am I reviewing an establishment that already well over 500 reviews?   Simply said, it is because KoMex has to be one of the best hole in the wall establishments that Vegas has to offer.The kitchen here is very small, and service can be slow. Call ahead if you are pressed for time and budget between 20-30 minutes just to be safe.   However, the amazing food well makes up for the transgression of slower service.  I have yet to have a dish here that disappoints. The thing I love most about KoMex is that they are locally owned and have not abandoned the neighborhood, even as it has become a little on the gritty side.  I work very close to here and have a special spot in my heart for this part of town.  I guess I could best describe this restaurant as "El Seoul" food.
4	Whew, let me tell you, if there is an open parking space: 1) park 2) Dash inside 3) get a table!This place is really popular.  So unique, too. On the surface, Korean/Mexican/Chinese fusion does not sound like it should work.  Well, as you can tell by the reviews & ratings, it does work & work well.Also, come hungry, because the portions are, ahem, large.  Cheap, too!  Lotsa food & cheap, what every growing boy needs, right?I had a Pork Bulgogi taco & Chicken bulgogi fried rice.  The classic, eyes too big for my stomach situation.  The taco was tasty & spicy, with a mild sweetness (bulgogi, of course). It was pretty big for a street taco, but, I think that is becoming the trend for street tacos. The chicken fried rice was more than plentiful, with chicken, egg, carrots, peas, & scallions.  Some ginger & garlic in there, too I think.  Light on the soy sauce which is a welcome change from street corner Chinese fare.The place itself is pretty tight on space & the food takes a bit to prepare, but this is not fast food.If you're in the area, you owe it to yourself to drop in & try.
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing. I have never had Komex before. Enjoyed the komex tacos and did an assortment of carne asada, shrimp and chicken. So yummy. The guacamole and chips where excellent as well. The place was busy during lunch with quick turnaround. I will definitely be back for more.
5	MMMMMMMMM EFFING BULGOGI FRIES FOR THE WIN ONE OF THE BEST FRIES I'VE HAD IN VEGAS!!!I've come here more than a handful of times and I've gotten their burritos, mongolian beef, and tacos. But none of that compares to the fries they serve. These fries taste like fries that food gods DREAM to eat. Ughhh, they're soooo cheesy you can never pick up just one fry, the cheese just drags more fries with it. It's that cheesy! And to set it off the jalapenos give that extra spicy bam in your mouth.Parking is shouldn't be that bad, but the wait times are very unstable. Some nights its a 30 minute wait, other nights no wait.Another plus is the service. If you do dine in it comes with some free chips and salsa, and an orange :)  . I usually haven't had a problem with long waits for food or refills.If you're in the area definitely give this place a chance! You will not regret it! P.S. If you're in a rush call in advance and you can pick up the food!!!!
5	If you love Mexican food and Korean food then you will definitely love this place. Their beef is tender and full of flavor. Don't forget a side of kimchi. They also have four different types of sauces you can eat it with. Prices are also very fair for all the food you get.It is across from he Ford dealership as it is pretty easy to just drive by without even noticing it. I believe it is family owned and operated; service is always good!
4	Bulgogi burrito.  It makes total sense.  And the spam musibi - heaven.
5	Love the food and customer service. Best fried rice I've ever had. I also ordered the wrong thing on the menu and didn't notice until I got my food. The owner gladly took it away and brought what I should have ordered. They could have been rude especially because it was during a busy time but they were nice and took care of it. Wish they had a location in the southwest.
4	Just a great value. Good food for a great price with great service. Definitely a "do over"!
3	What.  Are Vegas Yelpers so used to crappy restaurants, this one seems terrific in comparison?  My H and I landed at North Las Vegas airport at about 2:00 PM and were real hungry and thirsty, so we Yelped something nearby. Wow 4.5 stars so we made a bee-line to KoMex. One thing that attracted us to KoMex was, a Yelper wrote that you get chips and salsa. Not so fast, turbo.  You get your chips AFTER you order. So if it takes them a while to take your order, too bad, you get to wait. After I ordered my Bulgogi Plate and Gary his Chimichanga, our chips and salsa arrived with tiny plastic cups of salsa and guacamole.  The chips are more like fried wonton. Fine, ok but no big deal. I ordered iced tea and Gary ordered a Diet Pepsi. My tea arrived with no offer of sweeteners.  I dug into mu purse stash of sweet n low. Gary's drink was in a bottle. Really?  No fountain?  Sigh. I hate that. Did you guys know that fountain formula is different from bottle?  Very different. Bottle is full of phosphoric acid. Our food was fine. My spicy pork Bulgogi was not unlike I've had in other Korean restaurants. Gary liked his chimichanga and ate it all, but he didn't do two huzzas and a backflip. I had to ask for refills. The place is a little grungy and painted a mint-bile green.  An employee sat behind the service area eating a cucumber like a banana. The benches are wood but their backs are upholstered. The floor is dirty. I'd go back but overall, I'd say KoMex is only OK.
5	We ordered the Bulgogi nachos, calamari taco, and Mongolian beef. All delish! Very friendly staff. We will be back.
5	Round two!I had an inkling that the fusion burrito might not be the best idea from last time, so I chose a fusion torta with pork instead. I'm so proud of myself! It was really good, and while I'm not a big jalapeno fan, I really liked what they did to that sandwich. I wish that they had sliced the avocados into thinner or smaller pieces, but I modified my bites accordingly.I also had a bulgogi fusion taco as the appetizer. It was pretty good, although the lime was hard to extract juice from for some reason. I wish that they had wrapped it in foil instead of throwing it in a foam box because the filling was all over the place by the time I got home. Overall, still pretty good, although the pork is still better at Komex.Bring cash if adventuring alone, or order more than (I think) the minimum of $10 for credit cards. This is now a must-try recommendation, and also a must-return to explore to other fusion items.
5	Affordable, filling and amazing service?! Yes please! I have only been coming in since the start of the year. I had been hearing about this place from other students from school and wanted to see what the "hype" is all about. If you want affordable food with the quality to match, this is the place to go. I bring my friends with "big appetites" and they leave satisfied without burning a hole through their pockets. I myself, am I big fan of the Mexican taquitos, lettuce wraps, fusion tacos (try their pork belly fusion tacos!) and the bulgogi fried rice. Everyone is incredibly nice and it keeps me coming back! (maybe more than I should). If you have not tried KoMex, try it once! You won't regret it :)
4	We ordered the beef fried rice and four fusion tacos (chicken and pork). The pork had more flavor but both were good, we had no complaints. You have a choice of different sauces you can add on your item which really kicks up the flavor a notch! Best part; complimentary chips and salsa/guacamole! Plus our bill was less than 15$
5	Even though the prices went up a wee tad, and a few of the menu items were taken off to make way for their franchise expansion...KoMex is still one of the best!  The quality of the food is never lacking here.  And...I still get to enjoy my monster-sized Beef Bulgogi Fusion Burrito with extra, extra kim chee!  Happy mouth means I'm still happy to pay just a little bit more.  Tasty, tasty!We still go to KoMex regularly, I'm pretty sure my wife is on a first name basis with the owner!  She never fails to take her pick-up order of lettuce wraps and Jim's Beef Fried Rice!  Fast and friendly service is the name of KoMex's game!While KoMex does serve some darn tasty Mexican food and Asian food, you gotta go for their namesake, the Fusion!  Stick with this part of the menu and the Favorites and you pretty much can't go wrong.  I could eat just about anything on their menu with their fusion salsa/hot sauce and be a happy camper.  For me...if there's spice, it's nice!  That fusion sauce is killer!Looking forward to their franchise expansion, but this one isn't too far from home.  I bet the folks in Henderson will be happy when a KoMex is opening near them!  KoMex...you guys ever hear of a food truck???  If so, I might want in!!
5	So they've eliminated a few menu itms, and raised prices just a touch in hopes of branching off with other locations!! YAY!So we hadn't been here in a while, the last time we were here, the service provided by the owner. I especially can't stand when small shop owners refuse to accommodate for their guests, but there was a total turnaround this time.We 1 bulgolgi lettuce wrap and 1 in corn each as well as the combination fried rice (with pork instead of shrimp) and I also decided to try the wonton soup.. in the brink of summer.. WHY AREN'T YOU ALL ORDERING THE WONTON SOUP?! The broth was phenomenal, the wontons were huge and full of delicious pork. I'm a wonton soup connoisseur, and this was some of the best I'd ever had in the valley! After 2 spoonfuls of soup, I look up at Jason and tell him this was going to be a winter fave.
4	This restaurant has over 500 reviews and has nearly 5 stars so you'd have to be sorta not too smart not to understand that this is a good restaurant. The people who run the place seem very nice and are super accommodating. It is a little cramped but the tasty food makes up for having to nearly brush elbows with the person next to you. When I'm in Vegas, I will be back!Oh, I had the bulgogi and rice which was delish but I have to say that I did miss all the side items that usually accompany traditional Korean restaurant meals.
5	Went back again and can't get enough of this place. It just seems to get better. Tried the fired rice kimchi with bulgogi and a fried egg and was knocked out. Can't beat the food. Everyone in our party fought over the bulgogi nachos and homemade sauces. Tried a fusion flauta and it was delicious. Their passion ice tea is refreshing with no caffeine and free refills. The bulgogi sliders were huge, covered in their slaw. Gave it 5 stars the first time and Komex continues to impress.
4	I FINALLY made my way to KoMex after long anticipation and boy, did it live up to its hype! I stopped in after finding myself on "that" side of town and had luckily arrived ten minutes shy of their opening time. My guy and I sat in the car to wait until the clock struck 11. As we did, I noticed car, after car, after car pull into the parking lot. I kept eying the rearview mirror saying aloud, "I wonder if they're going to KoMex..." As I watched the first car full of people make their way towards the KoMex door, I jumped out of the car and dashed for the door (I entered first by the way). We took our seats and browsed through the menu. While there were many items on the menu I wanted to try, we agreed that we HAD to try something off the fusion side. We decided on sharing an order of the Bulgogi fries and musubis on the side (the latter selection mainly due to the fact that I have a man from the islands). So, the place filled up within minutes of being there and while we waited, we were served homemade chips that were warm, crisp, not too salty, not too greasy. Just my style. The fries arrived first and man, were they delicious! The mixture of flavors of everything atop the mound of goodness was perfect-- It somehow tasted as though you topped off an order of Gordon Biersch's garlic fries with perfectly cooked bulgogi. Let me tell you, it tasted better than an order of Roberto's carne asada fries after a night of intoxication. The musubis arrived shortly after and didn't disappoint. I've actually never seen them molded the way they did-- they were wider and flatter than other places usually make them. Two things I did observe during my visit which is the only reasons why I didn't tack on that extra star:1) As a holder of a food handler's card with lots of knowledge of food handling, I did observe one of the workers wearing the same pair of food handler's gloves the ENTIRE time I was there. The same pair was used to scoop ice, serve drinks, serve food, get items from the back, move the kitchen curtain, etc. I received a plate with a little bit of food on it as well as the drink I ordered having remnants of food that wasn't mine. 2) I should've chosen my seat differently. I sat in a position directly across from the opened gate that separates the little prep counter with the customer seating. This gave me full view of the large garbage can that I wish I hadn't had view of during my entire meal. Next time, I'll sit elsewhere. Can't wait to return!
5	Oh good lord.  I just saw on Faceook that they were trying some bulgolgi and spicy pork hot dogs.  Holy moly lamma jamma!  Listen, I didn't ask what came on them.  I just ordered two bulgolgi beef and one spicy pork.  I have a 6 year old.  Kids go apeshit for hot dogs.  Generally, though, he is anti-new flavors.  Kids are morons when it comes to tasting new and strange things.HE LOVED IT!  SO DID I!  Caps off.The hot dogs are on large buns and topped with all sorts of deliciousness (pico de gallo, jalapenos, bacon, asian slaw, etc.).  Two dogs is more than enough for one massive man with a lumberjack appetite.  I had two... But I'll hit the gym in a while to work off the deliciousness!
4	What can I say? This place is great!Korean-Mexican fusion. My review will focus on two items on their menu: Pork Belly Taco and Bulgogi Burrito.Pork Belly TacoThis dish was amazing. In no way did they skimp out on the taco itself. It was full of meat and veggies. The pork belly was deliciously succulent but not too fatty-feeling and the combination of lettuce to spices complimented the pork in the corn tortilla. perfect.Bulgogi BurritoSweet, moist and succulent! yes this burrito was awesome. It had just enough sweetness from the bulgogi's marinade to accent on to the mexican rice within the burrito. Ok i'm getting hungry just thinking about it.If you're in vegas this is a must try!It's missing a star because it closes at 9 pm :( boo I wish it was open later!
5	Me and the hubby LOVE this place! Try the bulgogi torta, messy but so tasty!
5	Try anything bulgogi and you can't go wrong!
5	Yummy! A Hole in the Wall Gem!
5	the most unique yet delicious combo of ethnicities to ever clash! the fusion is actually better than Mexican food itself IMHO.....try it out, if you don't like it, then you're either a hater or you're not human
2	Interesting concept, ended up being pretty much what I expected and nothing more. Mainly Mexican style dishes with Korean style meats and flavorings. It wasn't bad, but nothing about it stood out, and the flavors weren't particularly exciting. It's a lot of food, which is nice, but quantity doesn't always mean quality. Plus, like pretty much all Mexican food in Las Vegas, it didn't hold a candle to Mexican food in Southern California. I'd rather hit up a taco truck in LA than anything I've had in Vegas.
5	Love the food. Try the tacos. Yummy
5	HANDS DOWN THE BEST PLACE WE ATE IN VEGAS!!Reminded me of home.. maybe that's why I enjoyed it so much. Hawaii is known for the fusion of food and people and I found exactly that in Vegas! The food is soo ONO (delicious)!!! and for the price the proportions were generous.. I was going to pack the left overs for the plane ride home! We went with a party of 9 so we made reservations- we heard it gets busy for dinner. The place was filled when we got there so good thing we did. You need to try the bulgogi nachos, the tacos and fried rice!!! There are different types of meats that you can get so have your party order different ones so you can try them all!! Service was EXCELLENT, our waitress (the owner) was very attentive and the food came out fast!Hope they open one in Hawaii!!
1	I came here very exited to try the food after work.  I walked in and I was pointed to a table to sit at my w young nice guy.  I sat where I thought I was asked to sit.  Once I sat down I was rudely moved to another table by an older guy.  The guy said "the guy asked you to sit at that other table", but said it with such a quick and nasty attitude.  I said sorry and moved to the other table.  At that point I really felt embarrassed and upset and felt like leaving.  I decided to stay anyways and try the food.  I ordered the bulgogi fries.  They were not what I expected.  The fries were soo soggy and the meat mushy.  I got the 1/2 order and I'm glad I did not order the full size because after eating 1/4 of this I started to feel nauseous.  I had ordered an order of the bulgogi rice to go.  My husband tried this and didn't like it.  He said it left a weird after taste and feeling in his tongue.  I hadn't even told him about the fries.  I will never go here again.  I don't know what everyone goes so crazy about and why the reviews are soo high for this place.  Nasty nasty and terrible service!!!!!
3	I know I'm going to hear crap for only giving this place 3 stars. The food here is outstanding!!!! But service, that's a completely different story. Been here about 3 times and have had not so great service every single time. First time, made the mistake of coming during lunch time. Wait was about 45 minutes but luckily I had nothing planned after and was looking forward to trying a new place. After almost an hour we finally had a table. And after 30 minutes, finally got our food. It was very busy so I understand the wait. Second time, I called in my order since I only had 30 minutes for lunch. Said it would be ready in 20. Got there, still had to wait 20 minutes for my food. The order had not even been started yet. Third visit, came here today with my boss. Came around 1:30 after the lunch rush. They weren't very busy but we felt like they were rushing us to get out. There wasn't even anyone waiting for a table. So yeah, long story short...service is lacking. They have picked up on hiring extra staff which is good. On the other hand, food is amazing!!!! The bulgogi burrito is my #1 choice. The mix of Korean and Mexican flavors all rolled into one is mind blowing!!! This is probably what unicorns eat since it's super amazing. If you're feeling like a health nut, they offer the same taste in a lettuce taco. Not really healthy if you eat 4 of them though. The portions are huge and the price is affordable! Since I'm close by, I will be back.
4	I love both Mexican food and Korean food.  Nothing can really go wrong here.  I love the menu, the food, the price and the service at KoMex.  I wish it's closer to home and work but beggers can't be choosers.  I told my boss about it, and it's one of her favorite places for lunch now.Favorites:  Pork Tacos, Beef Tacos, free chip & salsa starter, prokkimchi fried riceFriends' favorites:  Pork Tostada, Fulgogi FriesTaste great but look like a heard attack:  Chimichanga
4	I''m not going to repeat what so many already know about KoMex.My favorite thing(s) to eat here are the fusion tacos...5 stars!  I also enjoy their trio of sauces/salsasHonestly not a fan of their kimchi fried rice...uber greasy!  It gets 2 stars.  The signature bulgogi nachos also weren't as good as I was expecting...3 stars.Great waitresses & the food comes out in a reasonable time considering how busy it gets.  People call in to go orders when the doors open.  I always manage to get here right as they open, so I haven't dealt with any wait time.  However, the place is always filled up with customers waiting by the time I am done eating.  FYI...they DO take reservations.
5	This place has the kimchi fusion burritos I literally dream about. Once you have them, all other burritos will feel incomplete!!This is one of my top places in Vegas. It's a little hidden gem of a place where you can get food unlike anywhere else that will tantalize your taste buds and not break your wallet.
5	Excellent fusion for a cheap price. I had the bulgogi nachos (get the bigger size, only $2 more), which were fantastic. We also tried the Calimari tacos and the pork belly tacos, both of which had excellent toppings and were very tasty. I personally liked the pork belly ones more but my friend liked the calimari. All in all, great food and great value for a very low price. I would go back here again.
3	It wasn't terrible, just not what I expected for all the hype....Tried the nachos, enchiladas, fusion tacos and fusion burrito-it was just a-ok! Prices are indeed very reasonable. I will have to go back sometimes and try something else. Just didn't find anything to brag about.
5	Great to see a true "mom & pop" establishment and not a Corporate America chain restaurant is now the top rated local restaurant in Las Vegas!I love Chinese fried rice and KoMex's house fried rice is the tastiest I've ever eaten.  Also loved the the tacos and burritos made with marinated Korean beef!  Please note this is not fast food but it is GREAT food and each dish is made to order.
4	Enjoyed the fusion tacos.  The place was empty when we arrived for lunch but quickly became packed and there was a line of people waiting for a table out the door.  It's nothing fancy on the inside but the food was delicious.  Planning on going back to try some different menu items.  Just remember they aren't open on Mondays!
4	KoMex is very different. For one, despite the very affordable meal, you get the sitdown restaurant treatment, menus and tables and all, when they could easily have made us fall in line food-court style for the quality they're delivering for the price-point. Even just the crisps they serve you when you first are seated are generous, considering your bill will likely over around $4-$7 per person by the end of it.The service is very friendly, warm, but efficient, which makes this very busy and small establishment more cozy than hectic. That was unexpected, too.More unexpected was the fact that I actually liked their tacos - the seafood was very good, not quite fantastic, but definitely good. The textures could have stood to be more sharp and firm, but it did make for a pretty nice cohesive taco. It was a little bit on the harsh side, with the combination of strong spices and strong citrus, but it's a nice tasteful kick instead of being outright offensive. Besides the tacos, the bulgogi fries were very, very good too, and the water was ice cold and frequently filled. I'm not a taco person by any means, but these are tacos I'll definitely eat, especially at a bargain like this, and with such a cute, welcoming, clean, but very casual set-up like this. Definitely very different.
4	I'm an avid foodie, who also unfortunately has a gluten intolerance.  However, I know that Mexican food tends to be safe, so I figured that if my husband and I went here during our trip to Vegas, there would at least be something I could eat.  We arrived about 10 minutes before open, and I'm glad that we did.  The place filled up very fast.  The great thing about this place is that because everything is made fresh, I was able to verify what items contained gluten.  My server was unsure of which fusion meats were marinated in soy sauce, but he promptly got the owner who was able to answer all of my questions.  I was disappointed to find out that all of the fusion meats have soy sauce, except for the pork.  The Kimchi unfortunately has soy sauce too.  So my options were semi-limited, but  I was thrilled with the fact that I could still try some fusion food.  I had the Bulgogi Nachos with pork and my hubby had the Fusion sliders with pork. His sliders looked fantastic and he was very happy with the heat.  My nachos were  phenomenal.  I loved that the chips were nice and thick, and therefore didn't get soggy.  The tast of the sweet/spicy pork with the cheese, pico, and hot sauce was unlike any other nachos that I've ever eaten.  The star of the show was definitely the sauce that the pork is marinated in.  I loved the sweet/spicy/sesame flavor.  I tried to ask the owner what was in it, and he advised that his brother makes it on site, and that it's a secret recipe.  My hubby and I loved it so much that we bought some to take home with us back to Arizona.  I was hoping to duplicate it, but so far no luck.  The only reason I gave this four stars instead of five is because I was disappointed so many menu items have soy sauce in them, and are therefore off limits to me.  But the food that I did have was absolutely outstanding.    We both enjoyed our meal so much that we have decided that KoMex is a must on all of our future trips to Vegas.  We even wanted to stop by before leaving town, but couldn't due to bad planning.  This was actually one of the highlights of our entire trip and I can't wait to come back, even if it's just to try those tasty nachos again.
3	If my boyfriend actually wrote the review, he'd give this place a 4/5 stars. I enjoyed it, but do I personally think its awesome? Meh...just didn't suit my tastes. It's good, but not stupendous. Will I go again? Sure, if my boyfriend wants to go the next time we're in vegas,, but I won't be going by myself. Pros: cheap good food, big portions, lotsa food
5	First time having Fusion Korean Mexican and it A-MAZING!! I think we sampled a little of everything for first timers but I recommend the Bulgogi Taco's and Fries...
5	I only rate the best and this place is way ahead of the rest. Excellent food have to try their signature Komex burrito . Always make my mouth water
4	It takes two to make a food so rightKorean/Mexican is outta sightHit it!I wanna eat right nowI'm Greg N, and I came to chow downThis place is not internationally knownBut on the Yelp App on your new iPhoneIt's near the top and so highly ratedIn Las Vegas: and that's going to be debatedAfter you order, they give you fresh cooked chipsWith pico de gallo and guacamole dipsSome of the best chips that I've ever hadThis free offering made me feel real gladOrder three tacos with beef bulgogiRight on par with that truck called KogiKeep the flo' cuzIt takes two to make a food so rightKorean/Mexican is outta sightIt takes two to make a food so rightKorean/Mexican is outta sightHit it! I can't believe that here in NevadaI ate the most amazing fusion tostadaThick "nurungji" shell at its baseThe fried tortilla with rice replaceWith spicy pork bulgogi on topWith shredded cabbage here they don't stopPico de gallo they placed on tooAnd gochujang hot sauce was the flavor glueOne of the best dishes I've had all yearIt made me happy, it made me there cheerIt's like PSY and Carlos Santana collaboratingOn a megahit song. I'm celebratingIf you go here, order this dishYou will also say this is delish'It takes two to make a food so rightKorean/Mexican is outta sightIt takes two to make a food so rightKorean/Mexican is outta sightHit it!Now the bulgogi fries are just OKNot amazing as other Yelpers may sayAnd the kimchi fried rice was so-soMany other places for kimchi fried rice would goJust skip these two and just getThe tostadas and the tacos and you'll be setOnce you get a-hold of these two platesAnd you chomp into the food so greatYou'll be throwing your hands in the airAnd waving them like you just don't careKoMex is a foodie findGet off of the buffet grind!It takes two to make a food so rightKorean/Mexican is outta sightIt takes two to make a food so rightKorean/Mexican is outta sightHit it!
3	Okay, before my boyfriend and I went to KoMex, I was really excited and we really wanted to give this place a 5 star.  After trying this place out myself to see what the hype was all about, after all it's only like the most highly rated place on Yelp.We ordered 2 beef (bulgogi) tacos, 2 pork belly tacos, 2 chicken tacos, and shared KimChi fried rice with bulgogi.  The beef tacos were good, but honestly carne asada tacos from like Pepe's are much better and the same cost.  Ranking it as bulgogi, is rather unsatisfying as well since it lacked well marinated flavors that I usually taste with bulgogi.  The pork belly tacos were the most delicious tacos that we had, it was slightly spicy but not over bearing, I have absolutely no complaints.  At the same time, they were not delicious enough for me to merit higher ratings.  The chicken tacos were tasteless, DON'T ORDER.  The KimChi fried rice with bulgogi was served with a fried egg on top, the presentation was great!  The rice itself was alright at best, the kimchi part, was not spicy, it just tasted like it lacked something.  Kimchi that I buy generically in the asian grocery store has more kick.  So we did add quite a bit of garlic chili to it to make me taste better.  I'm not really too sure if they subdued the taste down to white people spicy to make it more palatable since I saw on the menu that they were trying to franchise.  My advice is just stay true to the recipes.The service is excellent, I'm pretty sure it was family run.  They were super nice and attentive, and if I could rate it based on service alone then I would give them a four star review.The ambiance, is really shatty.  I would not be caught dead in that area after the sunsets.  The interior of the restaurant looks like it needs a face lift, and some deep cleaning.  Overall, it was alright at best.  I would probably never come back, or go out of my way to eat there though.  So unless you are already in the vicinity don't bother driving out of your way.
5	WOW! Where do I begin? BOMB DOT COM !!My good friend and food aficionado, Mr. P, suggested this spot while I was out in Vegas. On our way home (but not really on the way to Cali), we made it a point to try it out. I gotta say, this will be a mandatory visit each time I come out here! Komex lived up to all the hype on Yelp. The place is small and doesn't seat too many, so I would suggest arriving with enough time to cover this, just in case. When we got there, it was full and we waited in line for about 20 minutes to be seated. After being seated, we waited another 10 minutes to get our order in. The staff were super busy working nonstop the entire time and noticing this, I see that the wait is part of the visit. Don't hold that against them. As for the food...mmmm...made to order...mmmm...fresh...mmmm...OK, back to the review...So, you get an order of chips, salsa and guacamole after you order. Tasty and good. - Spicy pork taco for $2 was awesome! Not so spicy though, so don't worry. -  Bulgogi Nachos was the business! You HAVE to try this out. The Bulgogi meat is more of a teriyaki beef type, sweetened, tender and juicy. A nice pico de gallo blend on top and some beans and mozzarella cheese! This was a mouthful of flavor in each bite. - Shrimp fried rice was sooo good!! Some of the best I've had-  Bulgogi chicken and rice was fantastic, says my 18 y/o daughter-  Carne asada taco eaten by my 5 year old didn't stand a chance. He said he loved it.-  Enchilada plate eaten by my 11 year old looked good too-  Spam Musubi was just as good as the rest of it, says my 15 y/o daughter. You get 2 fat "rolls" in 1 orderAs you can see, we ordered a lot of food and each of us were more than happy with what we had...We also had enough to take some for the ride home. Overall, arrive early, have patience, the portions are big, the price is small and the flavor is incredible. ...And the staff is busy making your food! I see that they are in the process of expanding and hope we get one in Cali...
4	I've been wanting to try Komex since I read such great reviews on here, and finally I made the leap.  We ordered the full order of combo fried rice, a small cheese quesadilla, a burrito with chicken, and a bulgogi chimichanga at the chefs recommendation.  The chimichanga was mouth watering, so good that the burrito seemed flavorless!   The fried rice was also surprisingly good, my daughter ate it like it was the best meal she'd ever had.  The quesadilla was cooked just right with tasty cheese, but the burrito is where the meal fell short.  It was the first of our order brought to the table, and wasn't hot inside as I expect food to be, but reheated the next day was a nice left over meal!I will def be frequenting Komex, and the chimichanga will be a staple!
5	What a harmonious symphony of flavors!! Who knew that Korean and Mexican flavors could blend in such a way that would make my taste buds sing. The bulogi meat is perfectly marinated and has such an awesome flavor- you can go wrong ordering it in the taco, burrito, nachos... just pile it on high!The bulogi tacos: loaded with the marinated Korean meat, super fresh and delicious. Just squeeze some lime over it and the flavors speak for themselves. Two tacos is a pretty good portion- espcially if you plan on ordering the nachos too. Bulogi nachos: everything nachos could be and beyond. The chips were thick enough to withstand the meat and the thick mozzarella cheese, but they were still super crispy and very addictive. The bulogi meat paired perfectly with the hot sauce in a way that you'll be licking your fingers clean. My only complaint is that the mozzarella cheese gets cold too fast- however I think that's a common problem with all nachosCheesesteak: my husband order this monster of a sandwich- you almost need a fork and a knife to enjoy it. The bulogi meat has a more subtle flavor in this dish, but it works well for the cheesestake sandwich. The fries were a little bland and not my favorite- but who cares with all the other knock out dishes. To quench your thirst- try their passion iced tea. Perfect on a hot Vegas summer day
4	Mmm, I think I could eat here everyday!  So far, tried the torta, sliders and kimchi fried rice. All yummy! Found a bone sliver in my bulgogi once, but won't that that ruin it for me. Go early or prepare to wait!Staff is more busy than friendly, but once you sit down and order, your food comes out pretty quick - and did I mention yummy?I'd give this place one more star if the place could accommodate all the people who eat here and they had enough help who didn't seem uptight all the time. It's stressful wondering if you'll have to wait (& how long) for a seat every time you come here.
4	I love Korean food. And I love Mexican food, how awesome is it to combine the two? Well, it's really good!!Definitely must-try's are Bulgolgi fries, even the half size is very big... lots of fries with jalapenos, cheese and bulgogi- it's a very savory and filling mix. And OMG, the kimchi fried rice was HELLA good, greasy, but that's because it's fried. The fried rice packed a lot of flavors in every bite, my favorite dish here! If you want a healthier option, the chicken fusion burrito is delicious and feels very light. The chicken tasted like it was lightly grilled or boiled, but something about it made it very moist, yet very healthy (non-greasy). The salsa in the burrito is really refreshing!The restaurant is a little crowded. The workers are sooo nice and pretty attentive. The prices are really good considering the amount you get. Just fyi, if you want spices, you have to ask for it. :)They also give you chips, salsa, and guacamole when you come in.
5	Food:  Absolutely delicious!  I have tried the Bulgogi fries, the fushion taco, burrito, and chimichanga, and the nachos.  All the food has been outstanding! The flavors are unique and dynamic.  The portions are very generous and I never leave with any room left.  Each time I go I see other people eating other dishes that look amazing, but when I go back I get the same stuff because I like it so much. I don't like that the service canned soda, it is too expensive to drink because I drink a lot; so I just get water when I go.Service: The service is always great! They people are friendly and do a good job educating you on how they run the restaurant and what not. For example the first time I went in they welcomed me and told me thanks for trying them out. They explained that there is often a long wait and that if I am in a hurry I should call in an order on my way over.Overall: Delicious food!  Usually a wait when I go there, but always worth the 5-20 minute waits that I encounter!
5	All the food here is excellent, but be sure to order off the fusion menu to experience a unique blending of flavor crystals.The lettuce wrapped fish tacos with kimchi are excellent paleo fare.Excellent prices, quality service. Tip heavy my friends.
3	Out of Beef today at noon. I owned and operated a restaurant for 7 years. We made hundreds of pizza's a day. I ran out of cheese once....at 10:30pm....on our busiest night....ever. No beef, so I ordered the Bulgogi pork belly taco which was very tasty and fresh. Additionally, I ordered the Fusion Quesadilla w/chicken as recommended by the server. It was good but nothing real special. I think I need to go back when they have some beef, otherwise I have a hard time understanding the lofty rankings. Additionally, while the price was right the service was a bit clipped, even for a busy lunch and the buser refilling the drinks and setting the tables really didn't seem like he wanted to be there. To be clear, this would be a great spot to have in ones neighborhood, but if it's in your neighborhood, you don't need Yelp to find it. So if you're at the Cosmopolitan and thinking about getting your car out of valet or grabbing a cab up to Komex....think twice.
5	My friend took me here before we went to watch a movie--we patiently waited for our food with that bowl of fried chips that they give out! I wasn't sure about Korean and Mexican food being blended until I had that Fusion Chimichanga..omg. It was messy and delicious and awesome! My friend vacuumed her meal right up! My other friend had the Kimchi Fried Rice..holy crap was that excellent. Most interesting mix of food I've ever had in my life. I would recommend this place a million times!
5	I honestly love the Korean Mexican fusion food.  The person who put Korean BBQ in a taco is a genius.  That being said, I ordered the bulgogi tacos and the chicken wings.  Both were delicious!  I wish I could've tried more food, but I wasn't super hungry.The table next to me ordered the tostadas and kim chi fried rice.  Gotta get that next time because they looked bomb diggity!
5	KoMex is so delicious my mouth is watering thinking about it.
5	Wow!  Amazing food experience.  My taste buds were happy.I read the yelp reviews and couldn't resist trying KoMex for lunch.  It is a very small restaurant so my family of six decided we would do take-out and eat back at our hotel.  It was about a 20 minute drive from the strip about 8 miles away. I am a foodie, so it takes a lot to impress me.  I was impressed with the quality of the food.  It was a flavor explosion, like nothing else I have ever eaten.  We ordered all of our food to go and I still gave it 5 stars.  I knew we would lose some of the texture on the way back to our hotel.  I ate the food about 30 minutes after it was cooked and it was still amazing.    We ordered from the fusion menu; beef chimichanga, chicken tostada, chicken wings and Bulgogi Nachos.  We also added the tofu fried rice.  The flavor combinations where like no other.  I would highly recommend this restaurant for the food quality alone.  The restaurant itself is very small but take out worked great for my family. Thank you KoMex keep up the quality work.
2	The food was good and the service was decent.  Didn't like the fact that they charge 20% gratuity on top of your food and tax.   My $43 bill came out to be $56!I've never experienced the practice of adding gratuity on top of the tax before.  In addition, we were never told there would be an extra charge for 6 persons...Enjoy the food, take a close look at your bill....
4	I dance at the studio next to KoMex on Wednesday nights so its a quick eat b4. I always order the Calamari tacos with coleslaw. It's still excellent and so busy. My favorite dish is the Mongolian beef.
3	KoMex' fusion dishes are a little bit of a head scratcher. From what we ordered, they seemed largely like Mexican dishes with very little Korean going on outside Kimchi. The food was all solid, with the pork belly and fish tacos being the two standouts, but I was expecting more fusion and creativity going on. KoMex is very good quick (Don't call it fast!) food at cheap prices, in a bare bones setting, and a friendly staff.
4	We had been meaning to try this place for a while, but weren't sure if it would be picky-eater (aka, the kiddo) friendly so we went while the wee one was away on vacation.It's tucked in a strip mall and the space is very small but it seems like a small operation so don't let that deter you from trying it out!The service was more like when you go to a friend's dinner party and they're running around all crazy trying to play host/hostess... a little chaotic and sporadic but they get the job done.  Also, they are very friendly!The food was great.  I had chicken fusion taco, the hubs had chicken fried rice, and we split the fusion bulgogi fries.  They also bring you chips and salsa to snack on while you peruse the menu.  The chicken bulgogi in the taco was delicious (btw, they are wee tacos,  so if you want to try different kinds, you could probably order 3 and have an entree-sized meal), I really enjoyed it.  We had a half order of the fries and it was plenty for 2 adults (and we both are pretty good eaters).  The fried rice was better than your standard take-out fried rice, and the hubs didn't cover it in soy sauce like he usually does.  All in all, the food is great, next time I might just call in an order and pick it up.They also had a note on their menu that the menu has been truncated to allow for expansion....  no indication of where the other location will be, I hope it's closer to me though!
5	KoMex...I had so many expectations for you and you know what you did?! You exceeded them. Congratulations.Delicious and affordable food. Tried all the tacos and a half order of bulgogi fries, my favorites probably being the samgyupsal taco and the fries. They also give each table nachos with guac and salsa in the beginning (sweet!). We asked for more guac and they just gave us some! Free guac is the greatest thing in life, I swear.Service was great and food was bomb. I can't wait until they open up their newest location near my house! I'll go there all the time.
2	I was so excited to try this place after reading the good reviews & having been suggested to me by a couple of friends but I ended up disappointed. The food wasnt bad. Tasted okay. I had the bulgogi fries which was probably the best tasting thing we ordered. My boyfriend ordered the bulgogi fusion burrito which was okay tasting too but was still missing something. My sister orders the bulgogi plate which was just bland. It was just bulgogi & rice which I could have made at home. I asked for a side of kimchi & the portion was so small. It was literally a spoon full of Kim chi which also didnt taste very good. Besides the food tasting just okay the customer service was not great. Idk if it was because they were busy or what but when I called to order for pick up the guy on the phone seemed irritated & was rushing me. Whatever the deal is & even if its busy your customer service should always be on point. Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.
5	I can't comment on the variety of the menu here because I've only ordered the same thing each time I go...and I dream about it. The veggie fusion chimichanga with kim chee is amazing! I forget how big it is until it arrives. There's enough to make two full lunches. Free chips, salsa and guac as well. They close out the meal with orange segments and fortune cookies. Worth the wait if there's a line.
3	The bulgogi fries and my fusion burrito were very good.  My only comment about the food was that the burrito was a bit on the dry side even with the addition of Kimchee  to the order.  The service was on point and there was no wait.  I can't wait to go back and try a nice taco / nacho combo.
4	Good place to stop for lunch.  Nice menu and very friendly folks.  Ordered the BBQ sliders and they are really big and tasty!  I could only eat one after the complimentary chip, salsa and guac.  My son had several of the tacos and they were all great.
5	Swung by yesterday with the GF to see what all the fuss was about & we were very happy that we did! The staff was very friendly & answered all the questions we had. Every dish they pulled out for guests looked amazing! My GF ordered the Chimichanga & she loved it. There was even a couple sitting by us that asked what that was & they decided to order it! Sodas are canned or bottled so if you're used to having 5 drinks at a restaurant (like me) you're gonna end up spending more on sodas than your entree! I recommend this place to anyone wanting to get away from the strip & just relax & enjoy a meal. You can tell there's a lot of pride in this family owned restaurant & we will definitely go back when we are in town!
5	love the food here love the service love eating here... the owners are great and i love them too.... if you are ever in the area u should stop in...
4	I see why this place is so popular, the idea of Korean food and Mexican mixed into one seems weird, but once you try there taco's! Yummy!
3	I don't think I'm going crazy. But KoMex was just...ok?! For the longest time this place was THE #1 place to go to on yelp. My gf and I decided to make the trip out there because we have been on a taco bender for weeks. Plus, Korean and Mexican food fusion...I was convinced that I would like this place no matter what.Welp...Although the service was top notch.  The food was very underwhelming.I tried the Steak, chicken and pork komex tacos along with a big heaping plate of kimchi fried rice.Chicken Taco - Lots of meat but I felt like I was only eating texture and sauces. Nothing at all stood out.Steak Taco - I enjoyed eating these but compared to all the other taco shops I've been eating, this is one of the weakest steak tacos I've had during this run. I can't put my finger on it, but something was missing.Pork Taco - Pretty good taco, everything was tasteful and I have no real complaints. Heck, if you stop by, I would definitely get one of these.As for the Kimchi rice - I don't really know...it's a mindfuck to try to figure out why it was  subpar. No matter the amount of spices and sauces I would try to add, nothing brought out any real flavor.I don't know if everyone is suffering from groupthink or if I'm becoming a pseudo-hipsteresque "I go to great places before they were cool even though I never talked about it until after the fact" nerd, but there are many other places better than this. I don't think I'll go out of my way to try this place again. But I wish I had a $500 shirt for them to spill water so I can yell, "HOW DARE YOU SPILL WATER ON THE ROCK's $500 SHIRT? so everyone can know how hypothetically important I am.#iloweredyourIQby50
1	Tried to go here twice. Both times closed. Won't waste my time anymore. They don't wanna keep a regular schedule they don't need my $
5	Korean Mexican fusion! Whats not to love? The Bulgogi fries and the quesadilla is what I tried and they were fantastic. I also had a bite of one of the tacos and for the price they can not be beat. Fantastic place and great service.
1	When I read reviews I had to get to this place... here I am, in my car just ordered and so I wait... thing is.. first impression is everything... smelled good.. clean... but waitress didn't even Notice me at first.. when she finally did she was very nice. She sent me to the counter to order where Mr. Ken didn't even look at me... so much for first impressions. I felt like I was bothering him. I ordered beef fried rice.. bulgogi.. and chicken wings. I hope the food is better than the service.. geez..Still waiting for my food over 40 mins later.. r they killing the chicken back there!Update.. I got my food 10 seconds after I hit post... when the waitress handed me the bag she said " u picked the wrong time... next time call in your order" now.. of course I know what she intended by that but really??? Shld there be a "wrong time"? Oh next time I will come when everyone is twiddling their thumbs! Hhmph... if I had sat down wld. I HV received my food quicker? Why? I was the ONLY take out order and then a boy came after me who incidently got his order b4 me. Ooh.. Mr. Ken said it was BC of the wings I ordered.. they take 20 mins.. let's talk about those.. 8 Wingdings! Not wings... dry as hell.. the coating on top of the chicken was spicy and sweet.. decent enough.. but clearly the meat wasn't seasoned.. just slapped sauce on dry ass chicken.. clearly 20 mins too long Mr. Ken... u cold HV apologized for my long wait.. that wild HV been acceptable.. maybe offered.me some quac and chips for my trouble.. I guess some things are too much to ask... I also ordered the rice.. it would have been good if I cldnt taste old grease flavor peeking through.. 18.00 and a waste of my time.  pick another spot.. I tried it and they get a big fat F.... Fee
5	This place is amazing! One of my top 5 places in the valley to eat. The bulgogi fried rice is so good! Everything is! And everything is SO reasonably priced. My hubby and I always leave stuffed and usually for about $20. And the staff is so nice. If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask. You can tell that they love what they do and love talking about their yummy creations! OH! And I just saw someone mention that drinks are canned/bottled... this is true.... but they have the most delicious unsweetened iced tea (I think it is mango flavored) and there are free refills on that one! It is soooo good! Just go check it out... you won't be diappointed.
4	We found this on a random list of things to eat in vegas.  The writer recommended the Bulgogi Fried Rice (Jim's Rice)....and it was so delicious. We also had the Fusion Chimichanga and it was just as tasty!  Atmosphere was just so so, but the food and friendly staff made up for anything that atmosphere lacked.  The portions were ample and the price was hard to beat.  We're in Vegas for a few more days and may just venture back for seconds!
5	Love Komex. Everything I have eaten here is delicious!
4	This place is amazing. A small restaurant with a great mexican/korean mix.  Anything with the bulgogi meat is delicious. There is a reason it's rated so high on yelp and it's not because of the high population of a korean/mexican mix. If you don't try this place at least once while visiting Las Vegas you have significantly diminished your experience there. If you are a local and don't go here on a somewhat regular basis, move to Idaho. Trust me, you'll love it and if you don't then you don't love america.. or mexico... or korea.
5	I loved it! Can't wait for them to open their new location that will be much closer to home.
4	Little else can be said about KoMex other than get here as soon as you can. The flavors and the textures are a party in your mouth. Come really hungry because you're going to want to "overdo it" and order way more than is reasonable for a party of your size. You'd be wise to only look at the "Fusion Specialties" section of the menu. Our bellies were so happy:- Bulgogi nachos - hot damn! These might be my 'last meal'- The four hot sauces available on the table:  unique, not too spicy, flavor packed (you're going to want to put them in your bag/purse)- Fusion wings - extra crispy, only slightly spicy and slightly sweet - perfect to share- Fusion flautas - YUM, everyone seemed to be ordering these, so we did too- Fusion enchiladas - also yum, although we couldn't tell which enchilada was which meat (we ordered the combo) If you're visiting Vegas and have a rental car, this place is 120% worth a visit. I'd dish out five Yelp Stars if it weren't for the woman who was our waitress - who aslo seemed to be the manager. She had a bit of an attitude that put us off and also constantly yelled at the other staff (in front of customers).
4	If my friend hadn't suggested we eat here, I don't think I ever would've known to or wanted to try this place out, especially since it's located so far off the strip. The place is located in a small mall, where the you have to either make a turn in advance or make a U-turn, and to be honest, I was kinda "eh" about the place when we pulled up to the restaurant. Once I walked in though, the food smelled SO GOOD! and the workers were so nice and patient with our large group. They were so nice and very accommodating to us, which allowed me to have a great first impression of this restaurant and forget about their slightly tacky Asian themed business sign out front.They have fusion items on their menu, and they have strictly Korean or Mexican. I tried their Bulgogi Cheesesteak with fries and despite how messy it was to eat, it tasted delicious! We also got Bulgogi Fries to share, which tasted alright to me, but in my opinion, it wasn't anything to die for. I like how you can request to add kimchi to any item we order. I should've added that in to my sandwich!All in all, food was good, price was right, service was awesome :) I think I'd come back if I'm in the area!
4	Yes I'm updating but keeping the same rating.   Man has this place really gotten busy since the time they opened!   Came back to dine-in for the first time in over a year, and there was a 10-15 minute wait, and this was later in the afternoon (1:30).  Service was friendly, but they really could have used more help.  The waitress seemed a little frantic and it seemed like several people were at all times trying to get her attention.The food was as good as the first time I'd eaten there and the price still can't be beat.  Got 3 tacos and a Voss water and it was roughly 6-7 bucks total.   From my standpoint and from what I've had, the tacos are definitely the way to go still.   Choose your three meats and make sure you have the condiments at your table and go to town.   Maybe their new location will help the overcrowding and MINOR service issues which are the only things keeping this last visit from being a 5 star experience.
5	Believe the hype!!!It was my first visit to KoMex Fusion today and it is already in my top five Vegas restaurants. I am seriously smitten! We tried the chicken fried rice, tofu fried rice, the beef tacos and the bulgogi nachos. The bulgogi nachos were the stand out, but all four dishes were insanely good. Like, dream-about-them-for-days-until-you-finally-give-up-and-go-right-back-to-KoMex-again-good.Baby-friendliness rules my world and Komex definitely has it. Our waitress was super quick with a high chair, was very careful about placement of the spicy salsas (all three of which were excellent, by the way!) and even engaged my baby in sign language when she saw us signing with him. Awesome!Don't hold off any longer...and don't keep KoMex stashed in your yelp bookmarks for even one more day...just go!!:)
5	Order a variety and share. Loved the Calamari, Shrimp, and Fish tacos.
5	We've been going to this place for a couple years now, and things are changing, though not necessarily for the better/worse. The menu is now pared down to Fusion, Korean, or Mexican, where it used to be more expansive. Your fusion favorites are still on the menu, and that's the real reason to go to this restaurant, anyway!Free chips & salsa/guacamole still exists, and I love it. The guac is simple and delicious, and is a perfect appetizer. This time I had the Fusion Enchilada Plate w/ Chicken Bulgogi ($7.50 - great pricing). Meat wrapped in fried corn tortillas topped w/ red sauce, cheese, rice, and fresh produce. Tasty and filling, but not the best item on their menu. For that I would go with...The Fusion Burrito w/ Beef Bulgogi ($6.75). I feel like the entire restaurant revolves around the aura of this burrito. It is spicy, it is fresh, it has green and caramelized onions, pico de gallo, and cilantro in it. It is incredible. I highly recommend making use of the hot sauces they have (sweet chili and green tomatillo are my favorites). If you're looking for the true Korean-Mexican fusion experience, go with this menu item. Sober, hungover, and anywhere in between, we'll be back!
5	Bulgogi tacos were so delicious.  The kimchi fried rice was delicious too.  The service was good.  My children and I enjoyed our visit to KoMex.  We will visit on our next trip to Las Vegas.
4	I don't know what it is, but I really enjoy checking out fusion places. I've been to KoMex a few times now. This most recent visit I brought some first-timers with me & of course I had to order the bulgogi nachos to give them a taste of this place! My friends had a fish taco, fusion enchilada plate with chicken & a fusion burrito with bulgogi. Sadly, they mixed up the meats for the burrito & enchilada. One friend got a nice surprise, the other.. not so much. Yours truly decided to order the pork belly musubi & a (yes, singular) fusion flauta. I was a little disappointed with the pork belly musubi. Two pieces took up the whole plate. I could barely hold it, so I used my fork & picked at the pieces. My fusion flauta was pretty tasty though, so I was satisfied.  I love the bulgogi nachos/fries! I'm glad that you can order half orders now. Definitely coming back when I have my next craving for them.  ..which might be soon.. :)
4	The atmosphere is very casual very mom and pop. But who cares cause it's the FOOD you're really here to enjoy! The service is solid the people are friendly and you cant beat the price. We got there at about 5:30pm on a Wednesday and the place was full.We ordered the bulgogi nachos and the bulgogi burrito. The meat in the burrito was sooo tasty and the combination for the rice and beans and salsa mmmmm mmmmm good! The nachos...seriously I cant really remember cause we WOOFED it down sooo fast!!!  I was worried that the hot sauce would be too spicy so I asked for it on the side but it was just enough kick and it fused everything together!I recommend to order a variety of dishes and do family style on your first visit so that way you can taste a little bit of all the tasty goodness....I could have just eaten the free chips salsa and guacamole all day....its not your regular chips but I wont give it away...just go and try it! This was definitely a winnah winnah chicken dinnah!!! (waving my shaka in the air)Thank you mark m for the recommendation!
4	Korean/Mexican fusion? Who woulda thought of that but I'm glad someone did. Pretty good. My brother brought me and my gf here. He had the bulgogi nachos (huge portion), my gf had the fusion chimichanga w/pork and I had the combo flautas (all 3 meats with cheese then fried).I tried everything and all were good even the free chips and salsa. If we make it back here I'd get the fusion chimichanga.Service is friendly and very helpful if it's your first time.
4	The place is small and tables are close together so be prepared to hear the conversation going on at the table beside you...other than that, and the lack of parking due to it being in a strip mall...the place is great!The food was amazing.  Complimentary chips and guacamole (small portions size, but enough to hold you over until your food arrives). Of course the begogi fries are a must have and the fusion chimi is delicious.   The service was good, there is a board informing you that KoMex is NoT fast food so be prepared to wait a little while.  The wait is worth it!
5	Tried it thanks to pics on yelp.  Got there for lunch right at noon on Sat.  Good thing cuz crowds came and they had to wait.  Bulgogi nachos were great, as were their chicken wings.  Kimchi fried rice was just okay for me but my three companions loved it.  Check for the daily specials.
1	Let's make this short and simple... I walked in and the young man at the door said no dine ins due to a big party that was coming. He said take out only... We agreed  this other rude man said to order on the counter but the way he said it and went about it was so demanding. He reminded me of a C.O in prison... We didn't even sit down and eat because customer service was so horrible. With that said.... Screw Komex fusion and all it's rudeass employees!
5	Still 5 stars! Just went there again and it is still delicious! We ordered bulgogi tacos on floor tortillas, the chicken Chow Fettuccine (1/2 order), and the bulgogi fries (1/2 order).  This was my first time getting the Chow Fettuccine, it was delicious!   We spent like $17.The place was busy (it usually is).  We were lucky and got seated right away, but the wait for the food was pretty long.  We finished off the first basket of chips and salsa and guacamole. So they brought us a second basket, but I think they noticed with enjoy the guacamole, because they gave us to little cups of guacamole instead of just one. There was a couple next to us and the girl was there for the first time. It was very funny because she ordered fried rice, wings, some shrimp dish, and one other item I can't remember. Anyways each time they brought a dish she was shocked at the size.  She couldn't believe the portion sizes. Then when she was try the dish she was shocked again at how delicious they all were! I was very entertaining to watch her enjoy the experience for the first time.Still great food, great staff, and good times! We posted pictures on our instagram and all our friends and family want to try it when they are in town.
3	Cheap, Korean/Mexican fusion eats....Small, hole in the wall, no frills joint located in a small strip mall about 10 minutes west of the northern part of the strip (parking is kinda limited).   I love places like this because it means the food will probably be awesome.  Expect a wait since it is a popular place.  While the hubs and I didn't walk away from here all amazed we were full and it did the job.  Service was ok, since the place was full it took awhile for our server to take our order and he didn't check on us after he did.  But we did get our food quickly.Complimentary chips and guac- goodBulgogi fries - fries were think and crispy, yum but bulgogi not that flavorfulFusion burrito with bulgogi- a-ok.  I've had better from the food trucks here in Cali.  Again, bulgogi not that flavorful.Overall, good place to check out if your'e in the area, I looked around at other people's dishes and they looked good.  But I prob wouldn't make the drive all the way here again next time I'm in sin city.
5	In my travels, restaurants out of the "norm" are hot on my radar.  Korean-Mexican Fusion is always a sweet spot for me.  So, when I found Kormex on Yelp I was excited.  I was not disappointed.  The menu is full of amazing food, and I wanted to order more than I did, but I had a plane to catch, and extremely full does not go well with 30,000 feet.  I had the Bulgogi Beef Burrito.  It was delicious!!!!  The staff was very friendly, and took the time to make sure I was taken care of despite a busy lunch rush.  Next time I am having the Bulgogi Beef Fries, and shrimp tacoma.  Yes, I will be back, and I have already planned my order.  Go here!
4	Went because we were at a basketball tournament nearby. Had good Yelp reviews so gave it a try.Everyone really liked it. I had a pork belly taco and it pretty much ruled. Beef noodles were awesome too!  Wanna come back and try the burrito.
5	Yelpers are correct! This place is something special. The food is delicious and they have great customer service. The fusion tacos, fusion flautas, bulgogi plate and fried rice were sooo good! Will definitely come back the next time we're in Vegas.
5	I am korean and i have heard about this place from many of my friends. I had to try while I was in vegas and I loved it!!!! I love mexican food and combination was awesome. Their spicy pork tacos were good and fries were huge! must share!
5	Komex Fusion is doing big things in Las Vegas. The creation of Korean, Mexican, Chinese, and American infused dishes is pure genius.When I hear of great places to eat...I am on my way! Hidden in a small mini mall, I found food greatness! Today was my first time eating Komex Fusion and I will admit, it's the best taco I had in about 5 years. Yes...5 long years. Of course, I didn't just eat a taco...lol.The wontons-Spicy beef and pork, stuffed inside a wonton wrapper and deep fried, served with a spicy dipping sauce!The Bulgogi Fusion Burrito-Thinly sliced spiced beef, Mexican Rice, Green and Brown Onions, Pico de gallo, and Cheese, wrapped inside a fresh flour tortilla shell. The meat is seasoned to perfection, I really have no words, it's so good, it shut my mouth!Lastly, but not least, the Bulgogi Beef Tacos is it! Spicy Meat, cabbage slaw, melty cheese. They taste like it was marinated in Korean spices, then cooked on the flat top, creating little bites of crispy, tender, joys of beef!
5	This was our second visit for this vacation trip. We found Komex a few years ago on Yelp and have gone back every time we visit Vegas. I tried the chicken fusion lettuce wraps with kimchi. Very good...I love the red hot sauce on the table. Can't wait to try the 2nd restaurant that will be opening later this year.
4	Its good, a hole in the wall. But slightly over-rated I think. Nice selection, but the tacos and burritos are not as good as Kogi or the other knock-off places. Usually has a long wait.
5	After going to Komex for a year quite often, I have to say that I have never been disappointed by any of the food.  My favorite is the combo fried rice.  They also have kimchi which is so fresh! Fried wontons... chicken teriyaki... I could go on and on.
4	Bulgogi tacos & Korean pork tacos with kimchi are excellent. The wonton appetizers were great too. Lucky local Vegas residents to have this place in the neighborhood.
4	I was lucky enough to try the kim chi fried rice when a friend brought it home to go. So after nearly a year of anticipating the fusion goodness, My BF and I ventured to the other side of town and ordered the Bulgogi Fries and Kim Chi fried rice with chicken. It's a hole in the wall shop that boasts flavors and service very unmatching with the decor, It got pretty busy and the food that was laid out on either side of us looked and smelled amazing. I can't wait to go back!
5	This place is a real surprise. Would never guess from the looks of it that the food is amazing!! My favorite... the pork tostada! Everything I have had off the fusion side of the menu has been great. The Kim Chi fried rice is an absolute must at every visit. My husband loves their fusion chicken wings. Tacos for $2.... you have got to try their home made salsa. They bring a variety to the table and they are good!! Spicy, and flavor is terrific!
4	Good food on the cheap. A little far from where I live but if I'm around the area, I'd stop by again. I ate the taco's and it was filling.
4	The Mongolian Beef was the BEST item on the menu, but they no longer serve it because of Franchising issues. This hole in the wall still offers great food such as the calamari tacos and the bulgogi fried rice. However, dont take the service personally from the asian male since he is not qualified to be in the front line. The ladies are nicer and have front line experience.
5	YEEEE HAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWW! Komex is opening a location 2 minutes from my house! 1 minute if the wind is blowing from the north and I can smell the wonderful aroma of bulgogi on the griddle! Finally a SW location. They have been teasing me for 2 years. And so close to my home. I'm sure that will be both a blessing and a curse. HELLO BIGGER WAISTBAND!
5	Woah, this place was truly amazing.  Prior to visiting here, I never realized Korean and Mexican could fusion so well.  I actually did set my GPS to here driving down from Salt Lake City, and they are just located a bit northwest from the Strip.  The interior felt just like a Korean restaurant.  The place seems packed all the time even though we arrived during late lunch hours.The chips with guacamole shredded off the Korean feel immediately.  We decided on Kimchi Beef Fried Rice and Spicy Pork Chimichanga per other yelpers recommendations.  The rice was absolutely delicious, all the ingredients worked very well together, and even my wife who is a picky rice eater could not stop eating it.  The chimichanga probably bridged the Pacific very well with dega bulgogi inside a fried burrito.  Their mango passion fruit ice tea was decent.KoMex was truly amazing, it is definitely high on my must visit places when I am in Vegas.  We really wanted to order more things, but our stomachs reached its limited.  It seems like they are opening another location in Spring Valley area.
4	This is a tiny little hole in the wall in a strip mall on North Decatur. I have been reading about on Yelp for a long time, finally decided there was no time like the present to try this restaurant. There are maybe about 10 tables. We came early which is good, because as dinnertime approached it became much busier.All the food was absolutely wonderful. I had the bulgogi plate with chicken and pork belly. Very nice. The carne asado tacos were so good I'll definitely have to order them next time we come back. All food is prepared completely from scratch, to order. So, it may take a little while to get your food, but wow, well worth the wait! Service was fantastic, very efficient, and prices were beyond reasonable for the quality of food we enjoyed. We'll be back!
5	We loved it!The kimchi rice and pork belly musubi was so good.The sliders were also very good if not some of the best fusion sliders I have had the opportunity to enjoy.The nachos, a half order which is large enough for the four of us, are a game changer as far as nachos go.  The sauce is sooo good.But the favorite dish for the four of us was the spicy pork enchiladas.  We will make the 300+ mile trip just for the enchiladas!
5	the best of both worlds!!
5	This place was amazing. I would like to thank the yelping Elite community for recommending this place because I have a few family members adding this to their itineraries for their next Vegas trip.We ordered a variety of items like their chicken wings and fries which had a great sauce and the size were similar to a Buffalo Wild Wings which is good in my book. Also I had their order of pork belly Musubi which went done good with some teriyaki sauce and their red hot sauce. Then we added the chicken fried rice and the Bulgogi Plate with white rice which my boys loved. My mom really enjoyed the fried rice and she is not easy to please. Now what do I say about their Chow Fettuccine other than it was very good but nothing similar to a chow mein dish from a mall but it seemed familiar which is delicious and comforting all in one bite. Lastly my sister had their fish tacos which she said were amazing. I also tasted them and I did enjoy but I swore I would go back and try their Fusion Chimichanga because I was so impressed with everything I had. The service was amazing and the place is just a hole in the wall that does their food right. They sat us in less than ten minutes on a Saturday afternoon with a party of six so we did not lose out on our vacation time. Also this place is a short freeway drive from the Strip which is why we were in the area. All in all a must try and definitely a must return on our next trip.
5	Awesome, just delicious all around. Would like to let the owners know that they need to  check their Mexican soda inventory because some of it seemed flat on our last visit. But no need to remove stars, keep the food coming!
5	Oh man, Komex, what an amazing place to eat! If you're not from Vegas, this is a restaurant to eat at. If you live in Vegas, make the trip and at least try it out!I never heard about this place until I started doing this volunteer program at a school near there. On the way home from there. I was shown this place and I ate there with a group of friends. The first time there, I was a newbie and I didn't really know how to eat there or what to order, but my friends just suggested getting one taco of each type of Korean meat. I admit that it was delicious! They put a good amount of meat in the tacos and they overfill it with vegetables. They serve each taco with lime and have kimchi on request. If you've never been here, that's what I suggest that you do the first time to try. But if not, take a look at their menu at anything else that gets your attention. A cool thing that they do is that they serve nachos with salsa and guacamole free in the beginning of each meal and some orange and fortune cookies at the end!The name is Komex after all, so it's a Korean Mexican fusion restaurant. They have a lot of Mexican staples like burritos, enchiladas, chimichangas, tortas, etc, but with Korean meat! Those would be the main things I would be looking for along with other things with Korean meats. The fried rice and kimchi fried rice are something good to try in my opinion. If you love Mexican food though, the bulgogi nachos or bulgogi fries are the things to try!The bulgogi fries are personally my item of choice between the two, but people have their preferences. Everything blends well together. The bulgogi sometimes feels like it fits in better, but of course, that again depends on the person. A full order will take a beast or a few people to finish, so if you're by yourself, consider ordering a half order. The servers are always very nice people, especially the lady. They are always attentive and more than willing to help you out with menu choices or just any other request you may have!
5	Not only is the food great but the service is amazing. Anytime I have a Mexican craving I know where I'm going. Side note: too anyone that is claustrophobic, the place is a bit tiny so you might wanna order too go.
4	Incredible tacos!!!! Beyond impressed with food quality. Staff was very nice and more than willing to help explain the menu.
3	Linda, you need to fire Kenny what a horrible attitude. First I came in and noticed the sign mentioning you are not fast food. Which I have understood for years, Kenny commented how people still complain and they need to learn to call in their order and stop complaining. Then I brought my order home, calling it in about an hour before picking it up.  I had ordered the bulgogi rolls, usually 6 per order, kenny had never heard of them and had to ask the kitchen about them.  When I checked the order at home there were only 4 rolls and I had made a double order.  When I called Kenny got an attitude with me stating they don't really make them anymore and they won't again because you have franchised out.  He messed up another part of the order and really didn't care.  After eating here since you opened I hope your service doesn't go down hill just because you are opening another place....be careful.
5	Tried this for the first time with my friend that was visiting from SF. There's a bunch of cheap places in sf, but he said he would love to have this place again and def hasn't tried anything like it.I tried the fusion chimichanga with bulgolgi and shared the bulgolgi bachos. These nachos are on point and definitely worth the price. The chimichanga was okay, but I think i should have just gotten a burrito. It was kind of oily and I think it was his the outside I wasn't feeling. The service was great. We got there when they opened so they were definitely attentive. They checked on us enough, but not too much that it constantly interrupted our conversation. I would definitely recommend this place for some good cheap food!
5	KoMex was a great find, thanks Yelp! The food and service were both excellent. I thought going to someplace new I would go with the waiters suggestion on the items I was interested in.. good call.. Everything was so good!
5	I am from So Cal and live in an area where there are a lot of wonderful Mexican Restaurants but I have never had anything like this. I was in Vegas this past weekend and went out of my way for the second time to enjoy a wonderful meal at KoMex Express. The food is great and the prices are very reasonable. To quote a formerCalifornia governor "I'll be back".
5	Little secret gem you need to know about. Located in a shopping center, it's small and usually crowded inside, but the food is inventive, delicious and very inexpensive. Try the fusion tacos or burrito. Stupid tasty.Take a little work adventure there with co-workers, you'll love it!
4	WIth all the rave reviews on yelp, my friends and I thought we'd give it a try. The restaurant is pretty small, and rather crowded with other yelpers. Expect to wait a few minutes for a table to clear up or order take out. The food was decently priced for the portions you were given. The bulgogi burrito was amazingly delicious, and I would recommend it to any first timers going to komex. Sharing fries was a good decision, as it took 3 of us to finish the plate. We had to pay at the counter, like a school cafeteria, but that was most likely because of the limited staff. Good food, good price, not the best environment.
4	Solid spot. The food is delish! Had the bulgogi chimichanga and the bulgogi fries. The meat was so good and flavorful and went along so well with the Mexican flavors. My chimi was HUGE! and loaded with sour cream, gauc, tomato and lettuce. And how can you go wrong with the bulgogi meat on the fries, again loaded with all the toppings. Next time I'm trying the bulgogi cheesesteak...I gave 4/5 stars due to wait time and also the ambiance leaves a little to be desired. Staff was great and very friendly though! Definitely will be back for more.
5	Went back.   This time I tried the fusion tacos.  They were wonderful.   You can taste the Korean meets with the Mexican sauces and ingredients.   It is a very unique and wonderful union of two great foods that normally you would not expect to be combined.    We also got the fried rice.   It was excellent.   Usually its hard to get a table during lunch time and thus we went a bit later and it was no problem.   The service and food were both amazing.
4	I really didn't know what to expect from this place. The combination of Korean and Mexican didn't immediately appeal to me, but the reviews were good so I figured I should give it a try. It is up the street from Meadows Mall in the corner of a strip mall. Which made me even more leery.  On the plus side, it was pretty packed on a Wednesday night...a good sign right?They serve house made chips, salsa, & guacamole while you wait. We ordered chicken fried rice, flautas, and a cheesesteak. Everything was pretty delicious and made to order. The service was good. The bill came to under $25 and we had enough left over for another meal.This place is pretty small, but definitely worth checking out. We will be back!!
5	The Kim Chi rice is even better the next day!
4	This place is pretty hidden, but thank goodness for GPS, because it's literally in the corner of the plaza that it's located at. When entering inside, everything is plain, but don't expect the food to be the same way either...Well except the bulgolgi beef.I knew exactly what I wanted when I went inside, so I went ahead and got the fusion burrito along with chicken. Once done ordering, I paid and waited for my order. They definitely take their time making your food and I'm not complaining at all.In fact, I like that, it shows that they really need to prepare their food. About 15 minutes of waiting later and my burrito was ready. The burrito is pretty thick and like most other places, but upon taking a bite, things were a lot different. It definitely gives off the KBBQ-esque taste with the kimchi, rice, and the beef. There's a nice spiciness to it and everything was great. I was sad that the wrap fell apart though and all of the food started spilling. (Luckily, not that much fell to the floor, because I was salivating the whole time I was eating it.)The beef is plain though and is comparable to a $10 all you can eat KBBQ, but if you're going to compare the beef with those kinds of places, have a reality check. This isn't necessarily a KBBQ restaurant now is it? It's a Korean/Mexican fusion and it does a much better job than the Kogi Taco Trucks back home in California.The burrito also came with a fortune cookie and mine said that with every burden comes a blessing? My burden today? Finishing my burrito, but the blessing is knowing that I finally found a place I really enjoy while living in Vegas. I'll definitely come back in the future to try more of the menu, including those fries.
4	Alright this place is a definite regular go to for me and my companions for primarily two reasons 1) food is deeeelicious 2) prices are super duper reasonable. First, after you order, you get complimentary chips with salsa and guac, which is already hard to not like. Also, while, I haven't tried everything on their menu--recently, they added more to their repertoire including pork belly spam musubi, which was really really tasty. The pork belly was just the right amount of stomach fat (sorry if that sounds unappetizing) and meat, and cooked so that it was slightly crispy on the edges, but still able to melt in your mouth alongside a bite full of rice and seaweed. Other than that, my go to's are usually the fusion tacos, or fusion---anything and I usually get the spicy pork. The bulgogi is good, but it's a little to sweet for me, so I opt for the pork, which is just the right amount of heat. Also, another fave of mine to add onto everything is their homemade chili sauce thing? I'm not sure what it is? But it has bits of, what looks like, kimchi and chili paste and it hits the spot every time! The only critique I have is.....they don't serve alcohol LOL. Not that I'm an avid drinker, but sometimes it'd be nice to have an ice cold beer while eating my Korean-Mexican fusion tacos. Lastly...if you, like myself, drink water/non-sugary drinks like a camel, I recommend ordering regular ice tea. It's less than $2, I think, and the glass is way huger with unlimited refills...and for some reason they refill these faster!
4	what can I say about this place? It's damn good.. one server in the place but she had two people helping her.. She has it down tho..I watched her go from table to table taking orders and answering question about the menu..Her answer to the food.. "ITS BOMB".. and it definitely was.a "half order " of bulgogi nachos can feed two..bulgogi tacosand a bulgogi burrito.tasted all three..all were "BOMB"I can't wait to go back again.. that is all.
5	We just wanted to see where the place is, but ended up having a small lunch snack.Lunch consisted of 1 fusian taco with pork belly on corn tortilla, 1 fusion taco in lettuce wrap, 1 bbq pulled pork slider, 1 pork fusion slider, and a half order of Bulgogi fries.The service was excellent, the food was great, and it is very reasonable.Las Vegas needs more places like this!
5	Stop by for a quick lunch.  Service was great and the food comes out fast!  Not to mention, they have amazing Korean Mexican tacos.  Basically, Korean marinated meat inside a taco. I've been craving their tacos ever since I tried it.  This place is defiantly worth the drive!!
4	Lives up to the hype but I don't know about 5 stars.  Great hole in the wall and prices!
5	Great service, AMAZING food!! A must go!
5	Hmm.... How should I describe this place. EPIC!!!! I wish I could end here, but I want to give this place a five star. So, I must continue on and re-stating what other 650 people have already mentioned. Because my review gets added as a tip, not a review.I love the fresh salsa made from scratch with a hint of Korean flavor. Its like J-Lo marrying Psy!! No, I am just kidding. All of the food I ordered here were fresh and superb and packed with fresh veggies and flavor! Very good price with fast friendly servers!!!
5	This place sooooooo good !!! I can't wait to come back to vegas just to eat here!! I was here 10/3/2013 I got the 2 meat burrito i chose the bulgogi and pork belly burrito omg sooooo good with their medium hot hot sauce ...I got the spicy Korean BBQ pork cheese steak sandwich OMG soooo good :-) love it !! Thank you to the owners they are great and oh so nice :-)
4	K.O. turned me on to this place as she knows I love korean food and mexican food.I had the Pork Belly Chimichanga with pork belly. This was melt in your mouth good.  The outside was crispy and flakey just how a chimichanga should be. the inside was seasoned well and there was no shortage of meat. The top of the chimichanga was drenched in a delicious sauce along with melted shredded cheese, some lettuce and pico de gallo.I highly recommend the chimichanga here. Only thing that sucks is that the oil eventually hardens the bottom of the chimichanga crust and makes it difficult to cut.
5	Oh....my god. I'm usually super skeptical about "fusion" foods because they often seem to be a shortcut for claiming creativity and innovation in cuisine. But. KoMex is the real deal -- freaking fabulous Korean-and-Mexican-influenced food that is executed absolutely perfectly. The dishes themselves seem sooo standard (omg fried rice and nachos, how quaint) but that is seriously misleading. They will be the most amazing fried rice and nachos that will ever grace your unworthy tastebuds and there will be enough portioned on your plate to serve a medium-to-large family (pace yourself).The location is vaguely sketch and sort of random, to the point that I drove by it three times searching for a likely storefront -- don't make this mistake, it *is* in that plaza that looks straight out of the Walking Dead.
4	Good impression fusion resto. The chili fusion hot sauce gives me the firemans sweat kind of hot!!! Love the bulgogi during my first visit, the upfront disclosure and neatness. I will definitely come back for more to try the other interesting palate enticing dishes!
3	I tried this place and got caught up in the hype of the whole fusion thing. After the novelty wears off I realized how good Mexican food and Korean food is just by themselves.  Bring these together is just a good idea on paper. Let's put it this way the place is busy busy but no Mexican and no Korean customers. If you think kimchi is the only thing Korean food has to offer go to a bone fide eatery. It doesn't take a genius to replace ground beef in Mexican dishes with bulgogi and voila...fusion. Shortly they do both cuisines rather mediocre so the combination falls short of any greatness. The only saving grace is they give you a lot of food. If you're smart you'll catch on quick to the "just add kimchi" trick to every dish the owners had in mind. They have Mexican food in the back part of the menu as if an afterthought.  Go yelp Thai or Pho restaurants in the area If you have a craving for Asian food.  Want good authentic Mexican cuisine look elsewhere. If you just want to be curious and say you've been here then its your time and money to lose. Synergy has not been achieved. Experiment failed!
5	Wow. Best lettuce wraps I've ever had. I'm gonna be craving this place.... entire family had an option that worked for them and there differing tastes.  We will definately be back.
4	Kimchi fried rice was so good. I didn't know what to expect since I have never tried kimchi, but this was amazing. I ordered the half size and had to share with my family since it was so big
5	Everything I have had here has been good.  That especially goes for the bulgogi fries and fried rice.  Decently priced and the hot sauce is incredible.
5	What a great concept. Korean food and Mexican food made fresh. Had a great lunch today. Would recommend for anyone that wants to try something different good.
4	Felt like I was back in Pyeongtaek, Korea!! Had the bulgogi plate (the 1/2 was more than enough) and it was delicious. Nice price and nice service
5	Bulgogi nachos, BBQ pulled pork sliders, and wontons.  Everything was so delicious, I can't wait to go back and try everything else.  Great service, great people, and delicious food!
4	I'd come back._____________________Food Quality: 4I've been to one other Korean and Mexican fusion, and it was a mess that put me off of the idea. This restaurant, and I'd come back to try the other dishes. They have a simple 2 page menu: the left page is fusion, the right page is mostly Korean fare. We got bulgogi nachos, which were like regular nachos with bulgogi and some sort of Asian spicy oil sauce (see picture). It tastes like they do their own chips. I also got an order of bulgogi, with fried veggies. The veggies had a light taste of asian stir fry. There is no soda fountain. I completely disagree with the '$' rating. For two entrees and two drinks, our bill was over $20, so it is more like '$$.'+1 good food. What I'd Get Here: Stick to the fusion. Bulgogi nachos._____________________Service Quality: 4The service was attentive, but not overly friendly. They have a giant banner warning you that the food may take a while because they make it from scratch, but I would say that the deliver time was on par.+1 attentiveness. _____________________Ambiance and Location: 3This is off of Decatur and Washington, right off the freeway, so it's easily accessible. However, it's in a shady strip mall, and there is no other reason I could imagine going here. +1 right off the freeway. -1 shady strip mall.This would be a good place to take a: gourmand who wanted to try asian/mex fusion._____________________Cleanliness: 3On par cleanliness. Had less than a B rating (see below).Health code rating: A. Was a B (3/4/11 and 8/31/11), but has surprisingly few demerits currently.Overall rating: floor(average(ratings)) = floor(4.5) = 4
5	Bulgogi Cheesesteak was amazing!  Tons of meat and peppers!
5	It's the last week for the PBBBLT!  The special is  for the month of October only, but I think they should continue to serve it after this month! This is the take off of the BLT BUT with the addition Pork Belly (the PB) & (B) Bulgogi. This yummy creation is sandwiched between toasted white bread with lettuce and tomato. Just like your traditional BLT. The Komex twist adds a Sriracha mayo on the side. Oh yeah! Portion wise, pretty generous serving of their delish Bulgogi and thick fatty pieces of Pork Belly for sure! It was a challenge to eat it without the meat fillins falling out. I eventually ate it up with my fork and used the Sriracha mayo as a dipping sauce. Either way, this dish is too good to miss. Better get there before it's gone. It's not on the menu, but written on the white board as their feature item.
5	I love this place! I have been here several times( I always forget to check-in, I am a rookie Yelper) and every time I am there I am NEVER disappointed. The Bulgogi is great. I love the chimichanga, and the tacos are excellent. If you are off the strip and looking for somwhere the locals go, THIS is the place!
2	I was excited to try this place being from LA where Korean Mexican fusion is not a new thing. The food was pretty underwhelming. They have some non-fusion tacos which were bland. The kimchi fried rice was not good. I make it all the time at home and the one at KoMex was too sweet. The portions are very large, so we took the leftovers home and doctored it up with some sriracha to tame the sweetness. It's a small place in a little strip mall. I don't think it's a place I'd go out of my way for.
4	I do like the food here and it is a good price, but nothing really tastes that Korean to me.I have had the fusion flautas, the cheesesteak, and a fusion burrito.
5	i loved their calamari taco's      they were wonderful
3	I'm torn. I had high expectations for obvious reasons - rave reviews and an average of 4.5 stars - and who doesn't appreciate a good fusion menu? I want to believe that those expectations caused my less-than-awesome experience, but nevertheless, I wasn't impressed.My friend (who is a big fan) and I shared a half order of Bulgogi Nachos, Fusion Flautas, Fusion Tamal with Bulgogi, and full order of Kimchee Fried Rice with Pork. I've heard the buzz around these fusion nachos, so I was most excited to try them. The Bulgogi: tasty, but a rather sweet marinade; nothing spectacular as Korean marinated beef goes. The chips were okay. I like that they're housemade, but our batch lacked the crunch it needed. The pico de gallo was fresh and delicious. I thought the use of Gochujang (Korean red pepper paste) as a sauce was a nice touch. Overall, just a shrug. I could do without it. I liked the crunch achieved on the fresh tortilla on the Flautas, but again, no sparks. The guacamole and gochujang sauce was interesting! The Tamal was dry and surprisingly flavorless (my friend agreed). Lastly, the Kimchee Fried Rice was flavorful and spicy! Neither of us really cared for it, but I won't deny that it was good. When you don't like something that is extremely popular, you find yourself having to explain your reasoning in great detail. The food is okay, borderline good. I may have enjoyed it more without the high expectations of these dishes being "amazing." It's certainly not better or superior to their Mexican counterparts (I would choose carne asada nachos over bulgogi nachos every time) and as Korean cuisine, it lacks. The good stuff? The portions are generous and the price is right! I am willing to give the place another whirl though. Who doesn't believe in second chances?
5	Didn't know what to think of this place from the outside but when the food came I realized I made the right choice. I got the chimichanga with the pastor. Had just the right mix of sweat and spicy. I will definitely be back to this place. Book marked
4	Food was delicious. I def taste the fusion of Mexican and Korean. Flautas were bomb.com. Service-fast especially since it was busy. One of the servers was a little bit aggressive and felt she rushed us, after it, it was our first time. I def will come back.
4	Came to Vegas and a friend showed me this place. First time here and love the food. The only thing keeping me from giving a 5 star review would be the service. This is a small hole in the wall looking joint with amazing fusion food but the service disappointed me. The waitress was so aggressively in a hurry I simply just said ok to anything she said and she moved on. I understand the place is small with a lot of traffic and she does move fast, however, she rushed my table when ordering and no one appreciated that. Other than that this place is great.
5	Delicious! Ordered a bulgogi or pork burrito, forgot which and two fusion tacos! Both were  tasty and a small nice local vibe to the place. Will definitely come back
5	Went here based on it's high score on Yelp.Pulling into the parking lot I was wondering if we had made the right decision. Let me tell you this place is a diamond in the rough. My wife had the bugogi (sp?) Plate with pork and I had the fusion pork tamales. We also split an order of spam musubi. Everything was excellent. The wait staff was very good as well. We've put this on our "every time we go to Vegas, we gotta go here" list.
1	Went there for the first time after reading rave reviews. Ordered to go, Food was interesting at best. Biggest let down was customer service, male at the cashier had a bit of an attitude when I asked for extra salsa. ( felt like I had to explain myself ) Mention something about costing extra which is not an issue except for the fact that you can have as much as you like if you are eating there. I was looking forward to trying this place but I think the bad customer service ruined the entire experience for me.
4	This is the best MexKorean fusion place I've been to in a while.  Next time I im Vegas I will be coming back.  Food is awesome.
3	This is an update to my previous post. The food is still great but man was I pissed when I took a bite of my chimichanga and was a toothpick in it. It poked me so hard into the roof of my mouth! Beware of the chimichanga! They really need to check peoples food before serving them.There was no way to see it because was on the side of the burrito and it was covered in there cabbage garnish.
4	Even though I'm Korean, my BF has a bigger love for Korean food than I do. (And he's Vietnamese)With that being said, he literally woke me up from my post-drunken slumber to eat some Korean/Mexican fusion for lunch. At first, I was really dreading the drive to god knows where just to eat some lunch when I could have just ordered room service and or just make the trip downstairs. But nooooo, the BF HAD to eat here for lunch!I was kind of in a grumpy mood by the time we arrived here because we drove a good 10 minutes outside the strip to some little hole in the wall joint.  Normally, I don't mind a good hole in the wall but I think I was still drunk and super hung over. The owners are Korean and they are very kind. They're English is very fluent but I still decided to speak to them in Korean which they really appreciated and liked. They moved fast which I really liked and the owner moves in the speed of light cleaning the tables, taking orders, and delivering food. Pretty good service!We received the menu and we ordered the musubis, tacos, and bulgogi fries. OMG. When the bulgogi fries arrived, I was in awe.  There was SO much stuff on it I just didn't even know where to begin. I dug right in and the flavors were very good! Surprisingly good! I really liked the mix of bulgogi, kimchi, jalapenos, and the fries.  It was a first for me actually to eat bulgogi fries! I've had carne asada fries and adoba fries but no bulgogi fries! Supeerrrr good! A must get if you come!The tacos and musubis were also delicious! The restaurant does a great job of keeping the authentic Korean flavor while putting the Mexican twist using the typical Korean ingredients. I really enjoyed eating here for lunch.  My grumpiness quickly turned into happiness because I got myself a bomb.com lunch. (:
3	KoMex is 0/2 for me, so far. First visit, I wanted to try their bulgogi and experimented with the Philly Cheese Steak with bulgogi. It looked amazing! It tasted pretty dang good. My problem was, I ordered a sandwich, because I wanted to eat quickly and without hassle. I had to eat the sandwich with a knife and fork - as soon as I unwrapped the sandwich, the entire thing exploded on my plate.Second visit, I went for a burrito, again, I wanted something quick and easy to eat, what's easier to eat than a friggin burrito? Again, as soon as I unwrapped the burrito, the thing exploded, it had a rip length-wise down the burrito. Back to the knife and fork for a second time.Flavor-wise, food quality, and service are all great there. I just really, really would like to eat my meal as intended. I get frustrated with pain in the ass food (I get hungry mid-meal, so the faster I can eat food, the better), hence the reason I order what should be quick to eat.Having to just empty food onto a plate and pick at it defeats the purpose of ordering certain items.One more try, then I give up.
5	Okay. I must admit I was more than a little skeptical about a Mexican-Korean fusion place. Walking in didn't inspire much hope either. The place is tiny and was completely empty. What have I gotten myself into??? I was shocked! They start you off with chips, salsa, and guacamole. The four of us started off by sharing a half order of nachos. These were truly THE BEST nachos I have ever had! We tore them up! The chicken Bulgogi plate was fantastic! I got the half order with vegetables and couldn't finish. This is a definite must visit.Update:  By the time we left at noon, the place had a line out the door and every table was full! Get there early!
5	Awesome food...we ordered several different items. We couldn't help ourselves. Everything is stellar starting with the yummo chips and salsa they set on the table when you sit down. Our kids loved it too. We were all fighting for the last bites.
5	So I wade in again amongst the Vegas hicks, I mean food critics.This food is GOOD,  never had a bulgogi burito but everything else I ever ate here was great!  Chicken taco, fried rice, heck there is nothing bad here.And the Teryaki chicken is the best you will ever eat!
3	This place was pretty good and friendly service. I had the chow fettecini while my wife had the quesadilla w/ bulogi...and we split a 1/2 nachos lol. We were hungry :) Bathroom needs to kept up though. Still overall good experience from California visitors :)
5	Yelp comes through again I feel like I hit the jackpot finding out about Komex. I was hungry and on the strip but I didnt feel like spending a arm and a leg for just a meh meal. Came accross this gem and decided to make the trek. Its pretty far from the strip it was ten miles and about a 15 minute drive.Sunday afternoon at 1:00 pm and it was pretty dead. Our server was really nice helpful and patient with us gave us good advice as far as what to order.We went with there carne asada mexican burrito, the bulgolgi cheestake and a single bulgolgi flauta. My girlfriend loved her burrito being a san diego native and so close to the border she knows her mexican food. Not traditional but it was executed really well portions were great as to amounts of ingredients as well as overall size.I loved my bulgolgi Philly cheese steak. It was really messy fork and knive were necessary.  I would definitely recommen it if your a fan of Philly cheese steaks. Fries sucked in my opinion soggy and lifeless. But that just made me fill up on there other awesomenss. I almost forgot while we were waiting they brought us some great guacamole and chips for free too. The flauta was good a little fluffier than im used to but still really enjoyable. Im lucky this place is a state away.  If it was any closer it would be bad for my waistline.  Worth the drive from the strip. Ill be back next time im in town.
5	A great find, thanks to Yelp reviews. Delicious and fresh, love the home made sauce. Korean fusion is the best thing that ever happened to Mexican food...
4	Thank you yelp software man.  'cha-ching'. This place was close to my son's soccer tournament in Las Vegas's Summerlin neighborhood. I needed a break from 'team food'. I pulled in and got 1 order each (two in each order) of spam and spam/egg. Large musubi with an 'obi' of wide nori seaweed. They were excellent and a meal unto themselves. 2 kalbi kimchi taco's were double corn tortillas fit the bill. It was more than Max and I could eat, late night back at the hotel. I would want to try their soups, if I was eating there. The hotspots and soups of Korea and Mexico go hand in hand with their use of spice and acidity (read vinegar). Next time.....Highly recommended. Almost very table was full when I was there. The Korean gentlemen running the place does a great job! Thank you!!Summerlin, NV and the surrounding areas have been easy to navigate - pretty community. For you futbal fans, perfect pitches!!!
3	Tried KoMex a few weeks ago since my friend, who resides in North Las Vegas was raving about it.  I went with the Korean Kogi tacos, which seemed like a popular hit.  They were alright.  I don't want to say they were extremely tasty and at the same time say anything bad.  I wish I could try some of their other items since they offer a variety of different fusion type foods.  Place is really busy though.  Try to come at an off time if you can't stand waits.
5	omfg so bomb i nutted after every bite. definitely a bang for your buck over here.
4	My friend has been trying to get me to try this place for a long time. I wish I would have come here long time ago. Great food at cheap prices. Must try pork belly tacos and bulgogi nachos!
5	Korean Mexican Fusion...Started in LA, expanding across the country. Very well done at KoMex with excellent service. great prices, and the proper divey feel. The pork belly, bulgogi, and spicy pork are great, no matter how you have it served. Be sure to have them add kimchi to whatever you order. The meat plates are generously portioned as are the nachos and tacos.I wish there was one closer to me in San Diego...
5	Heard nothing but great things about this place, so was very excited to try it. Dined here about a month ago and it could not have been a better experience. Such a strange location on washington and decatur and parking lot is small but totally worth the drive. From the moment my brother and i walked in the service could not have been better. Had the calypso lemonade to drink and my brother had a mexican coke. I love, love, love lemonade and let me tell you this one ranks up their. A little sweeter than i prefer but still delicious. Mexican coke = always a winner.Bulgogi fries = holy moly my friend these things are amazing, i love french fries and adding bulgogi and cheese and salsa and lots of onions, won me over real quickPork belly tacos, perfect amount of different flavors and the tortillas are grade ACarne asada tacos, meat was perfectly flavored and cookedNot that i mind spending $ on great food and great service but this is place is so cheap its crazy that they make $...g2 respect great service, i tipped 100% of the bill and when the server took the bill at the end of the meal and looked at the bill in the side station, she yelled "thank you derek", she then came over and we chatted a bit. Forget the servers name but wonderful woman, so friendly and genuine. Couldn't ask for someone better.Even if your on the strip, it is worth the drive, trust me. This location is a little better on service than the new one but food is equally great at both.
5	Total hole in the wall type of place,but such a treasure. It looks pretty sketchy out front but inside is quant. Food is very reasonable and inventive! Being of mixed heritage descent I love fusion! Well as long as it is not too Americanized. This place was recommended by a stage hand from the iHeart Radio festival. So good! I had the spicy pork chimichaga and my sister has the pork nachos. My brother in law had a few tacos which the meat in each was delicious (i cant remember which he got, a variety). Average taco sizes. Huge portions and would have been under $30 if we didn't order a drink. Would definitely go here again, YUM!Also side note, the crowd is of all ethnicities and seems to be generally non touristy which is so difficult to find in Vegas.
5	It's Mexican.It's Korean.It's both.  And I love it!This is spot is small.  It's cramped.  There's no signs of the warm welcome of corporate American name tags or signage.  There's just really good, unique fusion food.  And most of it is cooked on the hot grills right out on display.The fusion flautas, fusion Bulgi tacos, and kimchi fried rice all combine for a meal that I was not expecting.  It's sweet hot like Korean. But it kicks with a Mexican spice and flare.  I wasn't totally sold on fusion before this place.  And my Korean friends cringed when I asked them what they thought of the idea.  But after they tried it, it was all smiles.Its tucked into a small strip mall so you may have to search to find it.  But you should search, because it's worth the find.
3	I had a good experience here when I took my mom to lunch. So this is a sit down place! They emphasize that they are not fast food. This is fusion Mexican and Korean food. Great concept! This is what I'd consider a whole in the wall.They brought out complimentary chips with salsa and guac. Small serving but complimentary so not a complaint at all. Just a note.We shared kimchi fried rice and a bulgogi fusion burrito. The kimchi fried rice was good! We got a full serving for $10 I think? And we added an egg on top which was extra. It was full of kimchi flavor, it was saucy, and the egg on top was delicious. We had it with beef as the meat of choice.The burrito was kind of small for the price and wasn't anything special. I don't know if I ordered wrong and just got a regular beef burrito but the flavor of bulgogi wasn't present to me. It tasted like they used fresh ingredients but it really lacked in flavor. It wasn't bad but I just was expecting a lot more flavor. There was nothing that made it "fusion" except the meat but that didn't really work out for me. Overall I'd give this place a 3 or 3.5 based off of this experience. Some suggestions would be to change their service. They don't do the whole server and sit down thing well and would probably benefit to just do a Roberto's type of ordering thing. Otherwise they should have a real service. Like get a host stand would be step one. I don't want to go into detail but I just think this would really help. Or maybe a number system. Also maybe it was just me but they should marinade their bulgogi more. The Kim chi fried rice is really good though. They don't shy away from the Kim chi flavor and that's a good thing. My mom hates eating other Asian foods that aren't Thai and she actually raved about this. The fried rice was the saving grace. The young woman working was nice and I'd totally go back to try other things and give them another chance.
2	To be fair, a buddy recommended this and raved over this. I had to try this - first - it's in a really iffy part of town, so for me lunch was the only time I'd go here.  Tried the fried rice, bul go gi sliders, and a bul go gi burrito. For me the attempt at fusing Mexican and Korean was not a successful one. The flavour was okay but not nearly as spectacular as my buddy thought it was.  Unfortunately,  I didn't see the appeal of mixing the two types of foods together - at least on the dishes we had.  So unless you're really craving Korean and Mexican combined, you can go elsewhere to experience good food. Place also fits the surrounding neighbourhood - aka a dive more or less (which I'm used to with other Asian places but with much much better food).
4	I love random little places like these, they really surprise you sometimes. KoMex has some really good food- just pick anything off the menu, you won't be disappointed. Delicious & ADDICTING food, service with a smile, what more could you ask for?
5	KoMex is one of my favorite go to spots in town. The fusion nachos and fries are always a good choice. Last time I went I tried the fusion pork belly tacos and loved them. I don't think I've had anything here that I don't like.
5	We've been going here since it opened, never fails to disappoint, always fulfills that itch.I want to have a relationship with the spicy pork. :drool
4	Food was pretty good Service was excellent, parking was a bit of a hassle, but otherwise great place to try
5	I knew about, but hadn't tried the new Decatur location.  I knew all was well when the owner came out and said "Welcome back--we haven't seen you in almost 6 months."I went with the Bulgogi burrito and my son had the beef burrito.  excellent as usual.  What more is there to say other than that we will be back to try more of the fusion items....
5	Bulgogi nachos are amazing.  It's a Korean fusion restaurant, and they definitely did it right.  It's not fancy. It's in a small strip mall way off the Las Vegas strip. But if you're in town and willing to venture off the strip for some good eats, this is definitely a place I would recommend.  Service is sub par, but I didn't expect anything fancy from a tiny strip mall restaurant. The food didn't disappoint.
4	I checked out KoMex the other day.  I got the kim chi fried rice with chicken.  It was saucy and spicy and in a way...comforting.  It was nice to remove myself from the hustle from the Strip and sit down in a nice little hole in the wall restaurant.I also tried the burrito.  It basically was any other burrito that I would have gotten at a mexican restaurant, but with bulgogi.  I kind of wish there was a sauce to go with it though.The crew is really nice and attentive.
4	Great food might be an understatement, even better prices! Love Komex Fusion, only reason I gave it a 4star, is it could use some major scrubbing inside but if you are willing to look the cleanliness the rest is great.
2	Service and food quality at Decatur store has gone down since expansion/new store both time I have called since.  Can the owners come back please and show the new kid on the block your style of service and quality of cooking?  When I just told the new guy how I felt since the change, he said OK fine if I didn't come back.  He answered the phone at 8:25pm and told me they were closed even though the website say until 9pm for both stores.  Really your going to be there for a while still taking care of what sounded like a loud full restaurant and cleaning up why argue with me and loose a good customer that use to tell everybody how great this place WAS.  He said no, I am looking at the site on my phone and it says 8pm close, maybe he doesn't realize mobile sites can differ from main sites but regardless don't call me a liar when I can clearly see the posted hours on my computer.
5	After my first KoMex experience, I have driven out of my way many times to eat at this place. The food is that good! I recommend just about anything on the Fusion section of the menu. My favorites include the following: Bulgogi Cheesesteak, Fusion Burrito, and Fusion Tacos.The only food item I have disliked here is the Fusion Chimichanga. It was too greasy for my taste. I felt a bit nauseous. Other than that, everything else is gold.The new location on Buffalo is also much bigger than the Decatur location, but it seems understaffed. However, the food is just as delicious.Tip: Put kimchi on everything!The service is usually great, and I am happy to see this local family business succeeding. I highly recommend it.
4	Enjoyed lunch here on 01/15/14. Bulgogi fries were good, not sure what I was expecting. Wontons were awesomely delicious. Quick service when calling in an order. Next time I will dine in and I will definitely give them another try.
5	Korean and Mexican WHATTTT??? Wow there is something to be said about Fusion Food. We stopped at this place when a friend jumped on Yelp and saw the fab reviews.  It is in a strip mall with tight parking but so worth the extra effort and time.  So inexpensive especially in a town where I am always shocked at the cost of Mexican Food. I had the fusion tacos and they were delish!Love finding little gems like this.  It's a place worth driving to and checking out. You will not be disappointed. If you are picky on ambiance take it go.Geez this review is making me want to take a trip back to KoMex as we speak : )Did I mention just saw they opened another location on Flamingo/Buffalo woot woot!
5	When I heard of komex is was like whats that... After I ate   some food from Komex I was like OMG this is the best... I highly recommend eating there..  service is outstanding just like the food... Who would have thought Korean food mexican food mixed tasting so great together.... well its awesome and so delicious that im addicted to eating there on a weekly basis....
5	The Fries! Get the Fusion Fries!This place was a PERFECT blend of Mexican and Asian fare. The fusion dishes are really creative and they blend together in perfect Korean-Mexican fashion. The place is not fast food, it is very high-quality food, but you still won't wait long for your meal. I think it took less than 10 minutes for all our food to come out, and we ordered a lot.The fusion fries were my favorite, and a half order is big enough for probably 3-4 people. The pork lettuce wraps were a great appetizer, they had a little pico from the mexican side, and the meat was from the korean side. Another perfect blend. The bulgogi chimichanga was huge and delicious, and you definitely can't go wrong with this order.I was very happy with everything I ordered and really want to go back the next time I'm in town!
5	Omg! Omg! So delicious. I tried this place with my Co - workers and we all feel in deep love. Amazing. Every one have it.
4	Awesome kimchi on my Mexican.  It's hard to find good Mexican out here but found a place that uses a lot Mexican food with awesome pickled and spicy Korean flavor.  Super affordable.  Bring your stretchy sweat pants...
2	I was so excited to try this place.  I think maybe sometimes anticipation makes for a huge let down.  I'm from LA.  I am Korean.  I live in Ktown.  I grew up on the best home cooked Korean food around (shout out to my Ma!)I also have access to the BEST Mexican food around.  LA has it going on.So maybe...just maybe...these things worked against me in this instance.I wasn't impressed with the Korean or the Mexican aspect of this place.  Neither really stood out.  I was thinking like Street taco style tacos with Korean spice.  My mom pointed out that she and I could probably do better putting kimchee on street tacos in LA.  I tried the chicken, pork and bulgogi tacos, the kimchee fried rice with spam and Spam musubi with fried egg.  -The tacos were just okay.  The meat in all three really could have been kicked up a notch.  They weren't memorable at all.  Not even the slaw on top had any flavor.  I had to drench with hot sauce (sauces are really good.  they come in a holder with 3 sauces) and tons of lime juice.  I do really like that you can get them with tortillas or in lettuce cups.  add a star for that. -The kimchee fried rice was just too...mushy.  And the spam was chopped so fine and tiny that I couldn't taste it.  Either add more or don't cut them so tiny.  I want to taste the spam.  Why else would I order it?-spam musubi with egg.  can't mess that up really.  Service was kind of slow.  We had to ask our server for stuff or just get up and get it ourselves.  A few times she just ignored us completely.  Whatever.I don't want to knock this place. I give them mad props for the creative aspect.  Another star for that.  They have a good following here.  I'm just saying...if you're used to really good Korean food and really authentic Mexican food, this isn't the place for you.
3	Ordered 2 items. Best thing to come out was the chips and salsa that were comp w the meal. Crispy and delicious but doable at home. Jim's Bulgogi Fried Rice - very large serving. Fried in sesame oil which I like. Very good but not necessarily unique or hard to find. Pork belly Fusion Taco - Disappointing. Pork belly = Meat and FatHot pork belly fat is heaven on the roof of your mouth. After it cools and congeals a bit it heads south in taste and texture. That's how the fat part was in my taco. Had to spit out a few nuggets. The meat part was like marinated jerky bits. Very chewy though flavorful.  Probably won't be back. Mainly because I'm from Hawaii and there are a lot of places I'd like to try in Vegas so you gotta hit hard on your first try for me to come back. Oh and there's nothing free w Yelp checkin.
4	I knew I had to go to this place when I saw it on LV's top five restaurants lists. My need to come became urgent when I discovered that 5 of my Yelp friends gave it five stars. When I realized it was less than two miles from home, I rearranged my plans and went by last night.I love Korean, I love Mexican, and I really love fusion. The menu made my mouth water, and from the sound of it, this place was poised to become my new favorite restaurant.But somehow I was underwhelmed.BF and I went a little nuts and got the bulgogi nachos and the bulgogi cheesesteak, then added in the won ton soup for good measure. The nachos were tasty, but after getting the free chips and salsa/guac it was almost chip overload. The cheese was plentiful yet subtle, and the salsa had a light fruitiness to it- a lot of different flavors somehow came together really well. The cheesesteak is the stuff dreams are made of, for my BF- he inhaled it. Huge portion, great value for the price, but for me it lost the excitement after a few bites and the fries were just right (in terms of cooking- they were perfectly crisp) but bland (no salt or seasonings).The won ton soup was our only non-fusion item and it was a good-sized portion with plenty of won tons and a light yet flavorful broth, with lots of onions. The description mentioned mushrooms but I only found one- not clear if they were inside the 'tons and one popped out, or if there were meant to be more.Service leaves a lot to be desired. Only one waitress for the whole place, fairly slow and a bit too casual for my liking, but we did get our food and their business did pick up so I should probably not be quite so picky.Overall, the food was tasty- enough so that my BF ordered a burrito go to to take to a friend he wanted to introduce the food to- but after so many five star reviews and a great rating, I just had hyper-inflated expectations, I guess.Will be trying the burrito myself next visit- wasn't in the mood for one last night, but maybe that dish will push me into five-star territory.
5	I'm gaga for their bulgogi!As their name suggests, KoMex is a Korean-Mexican fusion restaurant with a little Chinese and American thrown in for good measure. This is truly a hidden gem; although it's only a few blocks from my house, it's located in a nondescript strip mall behind a gas station, and I didn't even know it was there until I looked for nearby restaurants on Yelp. Now it's one of our go-to places for takeout (which I heartily recommend; because of its small size, you might have to wait a bit to dine indoors).I agree with other reviewers that their bulgogi fries are fantastic, but there's one menu combination that can't be beat: the beef chow fettuccine and pork-kimchi fried rice. We usually get a full order of the fettuccine and a half order of the rice, and the portions are so big that this will serve as two hearty meals for two hearty eaters.The beef chow fettuccine combines their signature bulgogi beef with red cabbage, onions, peppers, and carrots, all served over thick noodles. Sounds weird, but it's the best thing on the menu (IMHO). We like the fried rice with pork -- although I think any meat would be fine -- but you HAVE to add the kimchi (and its traditional fried egg partner) to give it a little extra spice. I'm not a huge kimchi fan, but it works perfectly in this combination and is especially good when you mix the fried rice and the fettuccine together. DELISH!This time we also each ordered a chicken lettuce wrap as an appetizer. Once again, any meat combo would do in this dish. We've tried the bulgogi and the pork belly before, but today chicken won out. Chopped chicken topped with cabbage and cilantro, all wrapped up in an iceberg lettuce leaf. You can also get these as tacos (corn or flour tortillas), but the lettuce was a refreshing change from our otherwise carb-heavy meal.Takeout service is quick and efficient, and the counter help is always friendly and appreciative when we arrive. And you can't bet the price, especially for these huge portions: $23 for two great meals for two. Thanks to the food gods for putting KoMex so close to home!
4	I knew that I was going to like this place before even stepping in. Komex is a fusion of Mexican and Asian...my two favorite foods. Their dishes are creative and very different. The fusion fries came in a huge order...very generous portions. I should've probably ordered the half order for my friend and I. The Bulgogi Tostada was my favorite dish...sweet and spicy. We also got the Bulgogi Nachos which were good but only the first layer...the toppings did not infect the whole order of nachos:( There was just not enough. The rest were just well chips...which are free when you dine in.Although everything was delicious, it's also very heavy...Mexican food usually is. I wouldn't eat here everyday but I can see myself craving Komex and making the drive to indulge in these unique dishes.
4	Bulgogi fries=awesome. I really think this plate put 'em on the map. The rest of our dishes were pretty standard (fried rice and tacos.) Definitely worth a try, so go!
4	Since moving to the Summerlin side of town, KoMex take out has been on rotation in our house almost weekly. They specialize in Korean/Mexican fusion and you really can't go wrong with anything "fusion" on the menu.  I am a huge fan of their tacos, especially the pork belly. They are pretty small, but they are loaded with delicious meat and cheap. I am also seriously addicted to their chips, salsa, and guacamole. The salsa has a little kick and great tomato flavor and the chips are homemade! YUM! My husband is partial to the fusion burrito, which is both delicious and filling. We have also tried the fusion cheesesteak with fries and it is out of this world delicious! It is super cheesy and of course the bulgogi is so flavorful. The fries are disappointing but that may be because they are usually cold by the time we get them home. We recently tried the fusion wings and my husband loved the flavor, but they definitely have a bit of a kick. The only thing that I have had that I was not into was the Chow Fettuccine. It was actually much better reheated the next day, but I just wasn't a fan of the flavors and it was a tiny bit greasy. Other than that one dish everything we have tried has been outstanding! If you are looking for something different and delicious you should definitely give it a try!
5	Excellent service...  Food was really tasty and alot for your money.  I always make sure when I am visiting Las Vegas this will be a stop on my trip.
1	I had a terrible experience here and will never be coming back. The only good thing about this place was the tortilla chips and green tea. The bulgogi meat is flavorless, our order was made completely wrong. Who doesn't know how to fry an egg for crying out loud? The spam musubi was completely dry and tasted like the nori was old. Even the fortune cookie was stale. Not just disappointing, I feel robbed for having to pay 20+ dollars just for tea and a few chips.
4	KoMex was so so delicious I enjoyed my kimchee rice and the bulgogi burrito.  I will definitely recommend this place to any of my friends and family...so yummy!! Will come again for sure!
4	Delicious Mexican enchiladas, good rice & beans! This place is a great spot for real fusion food! The service is very friendly and helpful.
5	Love, love, love their food. Tastes fresh. You can tell they use quality ingredients. This is not fast food. It takes time, but it's worth it.  If only I lived closer to Komex...
4	My family and I came here today for lunch. Small shop, but great customer service. I am Vegan but my family isn't so it can be tricky sometimes to find a spot that we all like. I was pleasantly surprised that they had meat substitutes with tofu or vegetables! Awesome. I ordered 2 Komex tacos with tofu, and a side order of Kimchee fried rice. My husband ordered the Bulgogi burrito and he absolutely loved it. My daughter had a spam musubi and son ordered the cheeseburger with fries. I was also happy that they had stevia and sugar in the raw as an option for my tea. My food was delicious but I would recommend done thing. To maybe marinate and fry the tofu so it has a crispier texture when placed in the tacos. Over-all, great experience.
5	We went to Komex this trip...had to try the new location on Buffalo because the Decauter location was closed on Sunday....EVERY bit as wonderful and it was so hard to leave.  GREAT news is they sell their sweet/spicy Koren hotsauce by the pound, so will have to bring a leak proof container when we visit the kid again in April!!!  Woooo-Wooo....book a nonstop flight and do the same....SO worth it!!!  Had the Bulgogi nachos and our normal corn tortilla tacos...my sister, the pickiest eater EVER could NOT stop singing their praises!!!  She was even telling folks on the plane about them!!!  Thanks again Komex for the BEST dining experience our entire trip (and we enjoyed some world class cuisine!)  Will be back in April for sure!!!!PS....PLEASE publish a cook book for those of us that live in other states and are in NEED of a KoMex experience!!!!  ;)
5	Came to Vegas to hang for a couple if days with my son. We got burned out on the strip and Yelped Mexican, found KoMex, grabbed the car and drove right over - TOTALLY worth the drive! I had the fusion fish tacos and my son got the bulgogi burrito - for 20 years I've been on the hunt for the best fish taco and I think I found it at LoMex - I also ordered a half order of kimchi fried rice but they brought me a full order by mistake - oops - I had to leave with the other half to take home but they only charged me half (!) great food great service and great prices I wish I could take this great little hole-in-the-wall treasure home to San Jose with me...
4	Love their fusion tostadas and nachos. Very addicting. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu actually. Cheap prices too. We go everytime we hit up vegas.
5	I love Mexican food and I love Asian food, so why not eat them together! This place is great because it combines both cuisines into various fusion dishes, but you can still get strictly Korean or Mexican food if you're not into the combo. One of my favorite dishes was the pork lettuce wraps. It was an Asian lettuce wrap but then they added pico on top! Great combo! The beef bulgogi chimichanga and fusion fries were also awesome. If you want great food with innovative combinations, check this place out!
4	Went for lunch today and the place was absolutely packed. It is a fairly small location, but certainly worth the wait. The hostess was friendly despite having to work a very busy floor.I had the pork burrito and my friend had the 2 meat platter with rice. Food was much better than expected, hot and fresh. They also bring over a little sauce tray for you to try a variety of sauces on your food as you eat.Overall, a very pleasant experience and judging from the line of customers waiting to get inside, well worth the wait.  I would highly recommend this place.
4	Its kind of like kOGI, but different. I recommend bulgogi with anything. Their fried rice is very good too.
5	I should receive a free Gym membership with how much I eat here.I absolutely LOVE the tofu lettuce wraps, vegetable chimichanga and french fries.The first time I went to the North Decatur location I got a little lost. The place isn't easy to find but as I did a U turn, I saw a very long line out the door of a hole in the wall looking place, looked up and realized I was in the right place! I quickly pulled in, parked and waited in line. Despite the long line and how small the space is, the cashiers moved through each persons order rather quickly. When I got to the counter, I had asked them what their best vegetarian & vegan friendly dishes were and by was I surprised on how informed and genuinely friendly their staff was. It wasn't long before I placed my order. An extra spicy Korean vegan burrito, french fries and a drink. Needless to say, I fell in love and have been eating at KoMex ever since.Now, I tend to frequent the Buffalo & Flamingo location simply because it's closer to where I live but don't worry, both locations are fantastic! Do not miss these hidden gems!
5	I come here everytime I am go to Las Vegas.  I heard about this place from one of my friends, and it was worth the short drive off the strip.  First thing I noticed was the parking lot is a bit compact, if you go during peek hours, good luck finding a spot, I usually just park In the back on the side of the road.  Inside is typically clean when I go and the staff is very friendly.  I always get the Bulgogi burrito, and Bulgogi fries,  My friends opt out for the tacos.  Can't be the price for the food here.  Its a nice little Asian/Mexican fusion place that I would highly recommend
3	Food was pretty good I got bulgogi fries I wish the fries were a little crunchier and there needed to be more meat on it.Chicken taco didn't have as much flavor as I hoped but my boyfriend got the shrimp taco and that was delicious
5	Amazing food!!! Love how they mix things up and really friendly owner. A+ restaurant. Always eat here at least 3x a week on my lunch break. Great serving of food. Will recommend to everyone...
5	Komex is amazing. You must get the flautas with spicy guacamole and the pork belly musubi is to die for.
5	Love them and the food.  Outstanding! I have been here way to many times to count...and it is always good.
2	I read all the great comments thinking this place would be a great find. To my disappointment, I was not pleased. The service was very slow, even though it wasn't very busy. There were even other customers complaining asking where their food was. Come to find out, the food was just sitting on top of the counter waiting to be served. Another couple next to us paid for their drinks and left after waiting way too long for their food. We finally got our food after about 30 mins. We ordered the bulgogi fries, combination fried rice and the bulgogi burrito. Everything just tasted average. Nothing to rave about. I will not be coming back.
4	Found this place via Yelp to grab some nosh before heading home to LA. It's definitely a solid little spot to try out. Their menu is a little confusing with a lot of items sounding very similar to each other so the yelp photos helped. We ordered half orders of the Fushion Bulgogi fries &Chicken Teriyaki but their portions were very substainly sized. I ordered three tacos for myself - Shrimp, fried Calamari, and Pork Belly. I really liked the shrimp and the pork belly tacos... the Calamari taco tasted like a fish taco. Not bad, just not chewy and squidy like I'd expected.The Bulgogi fries were deliucious! Perfect hang over food - wish I'd paid attention and requested no jalapenos but just ended up picking them off.I really liked the guacamole that comes with their chips - if I wasn't heading out of town, I would have ordered the 1lb to-go side they offer of it.
5	5 stars because the customer service and the food was great! The waitress was really good to us especially, because my son was being a brat, and she really went out of her way to help him with treats etc. The food was very different hence some of the names (fusion). We for the bulgogi fries which were an a recommendation from previous posts. Totally worth it!
5	.. still some of the best in town. and the calamari tacos....wow. Bulgogi tacos still hits the spot for me.
4	Long overdue review. KIMCHI FRIED RICE IS A MUST!!!! ANYTHING with the kimchi is good.We ordered a couple of other dishes like the kimchi burrito, nachos, fish tacos, sandwiches. They're just OK. The place is small, service is quick with a smile. Since all the food is made to order, prepare to wait a bit.
5	Found this restaurant on yelp.  Based on reviews decided to give it a try. The service was excellent the food was of high quality. The presentation was nice the flavors were outstanding.We enjoyed the smothered fries the flauta' and the crispy rice and then sampled the fried wontons. everything was done extremely well. Prices are very reasonable and I would highly recommend this restaurant. The food is prepared fresh everything was done to perfection. You may have to wait since the food is fresh and prepared when ordered. Customer service is excellent. Food presentation is very appealing. I could see this restaurant growing if it had a bigger floor plan.
5	Love the food and feel of this place. A well hiden  jewel I've tried about 90percent of the menu and it all rocks! There is a wait for lunch but well worth it, the flavors that just dance in your mouth are great!
4	OrderTheFusion!See what happened there? KoMex is so good that is makes you type in fusion. I mean it when I say you should ignore all items on the menu that aren't fusion love children.I also mean it when I say add kimchi to everything.And I extra-double-super-hybrid-sir-mix-a-lot mean it when I say ask for the hot sauce carousel. The chunky Korean spicy salsa alone is worth the visit.Also, be careful when searching for this tragically named establishment on your phone. It will autocorrect to Kotex.
4	Kind of a throw back joint.  Food was pretty good.  Some of the things that go to me were a few soggy tortilla chips and the beef taste over marinated,a little to salty.  But over all the service was great.  Again, it is what it, simply great.  So when you approach the door of this local "hole in the wall" joint leave your pretenious thoughts ouside and prepair yourself for great food truck style food, in a sit down restaurant. Mmmm, mm...
5	"simply the best!!!!! they catered our grand opening and it was the talk of the day..."
4	Pretty good! Great prices! The best thing about this place is the fact that there is nothing else like it. I was very surprised with how well they blended the flavored of Mexican and Korean. Probably will not be back unless I want to show a friend but it was good.
5	I actually dream about this place. The portions are heavy The prices are low. The food is delicious. Fusion Chimichanga knocked me out.
4	I've been eyeing KoMex since summer of 2012 and I finally got to try this past trip. Better late than never. Even though it's a bit of a drive from the strip, I am so glad we made it out (then again I wasn't the one driving... Thank you P!) As per many yelpers' recommendation, we tried bulgogi nachos (with kimchi on the side), Fusion Flautas, and spicy pork kimchi fried rice. I love Korean Mexican fusion. So. Good.We order the half size bulgogi nachos and that was plenty for the two of us. Their home made chips were great and they were not stingy with the toppings. I could eat this all day long.The flautas were also delicious. Bulgogi plus cheese rolled in flour tortillas and deep fried. What more could you ask? Gucamole you said? Yes, they come with the flautas and were fresh and excellent! We were really full already by the time the fried rice arrived at our table. I had a couple bites, but the flautas definitely had my heart. My friend though on the other hand couldn't stop eating the fried rice even though he was really full. They also have 4 different kind of salsa. I only got to try 3 of them because I was too busy stuffing my face with everything else. The green one was alright. Not too memorable. But the other two that I tried were amazing. One of them kind of remind me of the sauce Kogi truck uses. It has a nice balance of vinegary and spiciness, except the one here has an extra kick at the end. The kick at the end is pretty strong. The other one is on the sweet side, and if I could I would steal their salsa home. Remember to grab the salsa containers when your complementary tortilla chips arrived!
3	Loved the idea to combine these two types of food!  Bulgogi on nachos and burritos? Genius!  Taste was pretty good and had a great hole in the wall feel.
4	I went in the other day just to take a peek at the menu while I was waiting for my insurance agent. They offer a full menu at competitive prices. They made upgrades to the dining area since that last time I've been there. ( got rid of those seat pads) The house fried rice and boglie ( spell check) nachos are a must. I will be back very soon.
5	Holy cow- pulling into Komex I seriously started to doubt the hype of this place, until I cracked open the menu and saw a large selection with low prices. I had the bulgigi sliders and burrito. The two combined cost less than $10! The bulgigi is a very tender meat, similar to a pulled pork. I wouldn't have tried it without the several suggestions from Yelpers!This is definitely a place I will go back to, more and more to try new things! Bring $10 cash (+ tip) it will be more than enough!
4	Went back yesterday for some lunch with the wife and pops.I was honestly let down at how the place has changed.-The original owners aren't running the place or cooking, the staff aren't even the same.  You just don't get that warm and inviting feeling when you walk in.  The gentleman at the front doesn't seem to appreciate busy business; he likes it slow.  The service definitely changed; Linda was always on top of her game, I don't think these people have the same drive and motivation as they did.-The food didn't taste the same either.  What can I say; I love Sonny's cooking.  If you gave me 50 plates of the same dish and sonny cooked one of them; I could tell you which one was Sonny's.I think I'll be going to their new location from now on; which I heard has awesome specials that you can't get here.My food was still very good this visit, but just wasn't the same; I'll miss the ole' place.
5	Speechless! We now have a reason to come to Vegas! This is a small hole in the wall place in a small shopping plaza. We were kind of skeptical at first just because of the restaurant itself but we were very much surprised when the food came out. The bulgogi meat tacos were made to perfection, all the ingredients tasted amazing. It was something I had never experienced before.... I was in taco heaven! We were kind of disappointed because we were not able to try their pork tacos, they apparently were waiting for their shipment.  But next time we are in town we are definetly returning to KOMEX!
1	I found the food terrible. The food was very bland, dry and left you wanting something else. Nothing Korean or Mexican about it....I expected great flavor from a fusion place. The dining area is also somewhat dirty.
5	What can I say about Komex?Small hole-in-the-wall in a plaza with an extremely small parking lot, be sure to expect it to be packed on weekends. The restaurant itself is pretty small. For groups larger than 4, it might be a bit hard to get seating during rush hours on the weekend. What other place can you get the check for under $15 for two people? This place is awesome. Tacos are amazing with plenty of choices. You can get them on corn or flour and you get three choices of meat--pork, chicken, or beef. If you want it with kimchi, you can get it for a bit extra! Tacos are around $2-$3-something. If you're watching your figure (you shouldn't, you look fabulous), you can get it on lettuce leaf instead of corn or flour tortilla. Meats are all flavorful. My favorite is the pork. These tacos come loaded with slaw and meat. You definitely won't leave hungry. Service is usually good. There was a time they had a couple of new servers kind of slacking, but lately, they've been on it. Fried rice here is bomb, especially when you're drunk or hungover. The half sizes for their fries, fried rice etc. are huge here!  Enough to feed a few small children. Even when you order one taco and get a half-size of their teriyaki chicken, you're going to have to share with people. Imagine how bog their full-size is! Yeah, that big. And not the kind that girls are happy with. Komex is always the best place to get food on the cheap. My bill between my friend and I is normally between $12-$17 (if we're just doing tacos). Perfect spot for lunch or dinner. Wish it was open later than 8pm daily, but it's not. It's a great local find!
3	When you can't decide between Korean food or Mexican food, Komex is the perfect choice! The complimentary chips and guacamole were delicious. However, I didn't really care for the salsa, it had a weird artificial, vinegar preserved taste. This is what we ordered: (make sure to add hot sauce and salsa on your tacos and kimchi fried rice, before you eat them! They all needed that extra pop of flavor and salt. The salsa tray is available, you can either grab it yourself or ask for it.)Bulgogi tacos - the beef had great flavor! It was tender and the rest of the taco was delicious. Pork tacos - the pork marinade was a little weak, but add on some hot sauce and salsa and it's just right. Pork belly tacos - these had yummy pork belly bits in the taco. My boyfriend said he only got a bite of just fat, but I had a different bite and it was tasty.Kimchi bulgogi fried rice - it had nice chunks of kimchi with beef and a fried egg on top. I topped it with some hot sauce and it was addicting! Wonton soup - the soup came out piping hot. The broth tasted comforting and the flavor was good. The wontons were homemade and the meatball was yummy as well. I would love eating this when I'm sick. I would definitely come back to try their other fusion favorites.
5	What can I say about a place that provides intensely flavorful treats at an affordable price; FINALLY! When you enter the door the restaurant is plain, nothing over the top, just comfortable and intimate. We were seated and brought drinks and free chips and salsa with homemade guacamole. Who does that? How awesome! We then were told about the $5 special that was 3 bulgogi tacos and a drink. It's less than eating McDonalds, but quality food. I cannot say enough nice things about what we ate or the service. For the first time in my life after eating we ordered 2 more specials and a plate of fried rice to go to eat for dinner. Such an awesome experience.
3	Girlfriend and I went to Vegas for a weekend getaway an decided to hit up KoMex for the first time. On to the review.Service: 5/5 The second we walked through the door we were greeted with smiles. The server told us to sit anywhere we would like and promptly came to provide us with the menu and answer any questions. Throughout our visit she would frequently stop by to check on us. Very attentive.Food: 3/5 The food was decent. We had the bulgogi burrito and taco. The burrito was ok, but none of the flavors really wowed me. I also had a bulgogi plate with white rice just to see how it stands against other Korean places. It wasn't up to par. Their wonton soup, however, was amazing.Price: 4/5 You can fill up your tummy without emptying your wallet. There are cheaper options around, but of course you came here for Korean/Mexican!Overall: 3/5 stars based on my first and only visit. There are other dishes on the menu that I would definitely want to try, so this is not my final visit nor is it final review.
4	Very small store front, looks like a hole in the wall greasy spoon but acts like a mid range place. Prices were not bad. I would not do nachos again, very dry and bottom chips were bare. Salsa mixes were on point.
4	You want cheap eats and delicious food and be full for around $12 for two people? Come here. No, really, don't, because the parking lot is small as hell. It's tucked away in a tiny plaza with the smallest parking ever. Not bad at all during the weekday and off-hours though.The place itself is tiny. There's only one big group table for 5+, but there's about seven-to-eight tables for 4-people. So if you plan on coming with a big group on a friday/saturday night, it's ideal to call ahead and make a reservation. Komex also does pick-up orders. I've been here several times and it never disappoints. Chips, salsa, and guacamole are complimentary starters here. First-timers ought to order their fusion tacos! Tacos are about $2.25 each and you get 3 choices for meat: spicy pork, chicken, or beef (pork is the best!). If you're hungry, 3 is enough for most people. They load that taco up with lettuce, tomatoes, and meat. What makes it fusion? The way they prepare their meat! Korean-style supposedly. The meat isn't fatty or overly greasy. The tacos are balanced well with the overflowing sliced cabbage and rich flavor of the meat. For the health-conscious, they do offer the taco on butterfly cabbage instead of your normal flour/corn tortilla on the menu. Trust me, somehow it's bigger. You want kimchi too? They offer it as an extra cost as well.If you're ordering their fried rice (kimchi/regular) or bulgogi fries, they offer both half-size and full-size orders. Their half-orders are formidable! Split-worthy huge. Their full-size are just gut-expanding, self-loathing, raid-your-fridge-at-night huge. Both dishes are loaded with toppings and flavorful. You won't really get "tired" eating either one.  My friend and I get a couple of tacos each and split the half-size fried rice normally. So filling that we have argue who has to get the last bite...At the end of every meal, they come out with a nicely cut split orange as the perfect ending to all that heavy food. Out of the many times I've been here, they've gone through quite a few servers. For such a small place, sometimes they do neglect refilling my water, especially when it's super busy. But, on most of my visits, it's consistently attentive. Downside? Not open late nights (they close around 8pm daily) and they are closed on Mondays. Nobody likes mondays anyway.This place is awesome. I'm not always wowed, but this place deserves five stars in my book. Will it blow you away like five stars might suggest? Probably not, but you can't beat the price, service, consistency, and the solid food.
5	Def as good as it gets.Remember, it's a hole-in-the-wall with limited seating serving common-man food.If you want haute cuisine, go elsewhere.First night in town, "Gotta try something new and different." We're from Burlington, Vt and while the quality of food ingredients are second-to-none, there are lot of options when it comes to ethnic cuisine. And it can't really get weird, it is Vermont, after all. Anyhow, KoMex Fusion sounded adventuresome. Having spent time in Seoul and being a big fan of winter-style kimchee, was looking forward to reacquainting myself. First of all, do NOT order a full order of the nachos unless you're sharing with four or more. Half size nearly did me in. I had it with the bolgogi beef. Hope I spelled that right. Good chips, fine bolgogi, way enough cheese. Had the bolgogi beef burrito as a main course.Let me tell you, one of the finest burritos I have ever had. Ever. Lots of beef, lots of slaw, great flavors. I am not ashamed (well, maybe a bit) to admit that I hurt myself finishing it off. Kept dipping into the hot sauces, little of this, one bite. Well, how about a little of that. Ummmm. How about a little of each. Another sign, I did not try the wife's tacos. She might not have let me. Looking forward to a return visit.
4	I've had my fair share of Korean-Mexican fusion food back in California, but I wanted to try this out after hearing about it from friends. Overall, the menu has decent variety of Ko-Mex selections, ranging from burritos, tacos, fries, rice, etc.We ordered:1. Fusion Burrito ($7.50): You can choose from beef/chicken/pork as your meat. The burrito comes with Mexican rice, green & brown onions, pico de gallo, cilantro, and lettuce. Overall, the burrito was delicious and the flavors were great. This is great for sharing between 2 people. (5/5)2. Fusion Flautas ($8.00): They come in 3 pieces. You can choose between beef/chicken/pork bulgogi, but we opted for one of each just to get variety. The flautas are rolled in flour tortillas and deep-fried with guacamole and cheese. YUM! The chicken was our favorite as it was tender and juicy. We thought the pork was a bit too spicy for our taste, and the beef was all right. (4/5)KoMex is off the strip and more of a hole in the wall place. Locals love it and I am a fan! The service is pretty friendly too.
3	I was pretty disappointed in the place after reading son many good reviews and hearing so many good things about the place. I for one wasn't impressed at all. Everything was so so. We ordered the chicken flautas, spicy bulgogi chimichanga, bulgogi enchiladas, quesadilla, and pork belly tacos. The pork belly tacos were the stand out. I would order that again, the rest, just ordinary for me. Not great korean food and not so great mexican food combined....just ok.
5	Love love the Fusion Fries and Tacos. Next time we are in LV we are coming back to eat!
5	I love this place... One of those hole in the wall type place with the best food... If you have not tried it please give it a chance..
5	Great service, great food!  What a unique blend of flavors and artistic interpretation.  Best burrito I've ever had!  Fired Kimchi unbelievable!  Keep up the good work!
4	Short: Surprisingly great fusion place. Reasonable prices, great flavor, in an older part of town.Long: Came here with a friend. Ordered three tacos with the three types of meat (there are more, for extra). Came with cabbage slaw and some "salsa" on top (not spicy, but wouldn't call it pico-de-gallo). Afterward, was served chips with salsa and guacamole (kinda watered down, though). Food was great. All the meats had strong flavor, the slaw on top contrasted with them nicely. I think I liked the beef best (forgot which one was which). What really surprised me was the side-sauces that were a real treat for someone like me. Nice touch.You do pay a small premium though. $2 for each taco is a bit much when they're not full sized, as you can get around the same size in other places for $1.25/75. Come here if you want to try a different spin on mexican food. There's better places out there, but not as unique as this one.
3	Komex is a Korean/Mexican infused restaurant. Hence KO-MEX. I love Mexican food but as for Korean I'm still debating if I'm a fan. But together they make some pretty good dishes. My usual order is the Bulgogi fusion fries. Bulgogi is beef that had been marinated Korean style. It kind of has a sweat taste to it. You can also get the fries with any other meat that they have like: carne asada, chicken, etc.They also have spam masubi w/ fried egg which I think is pretty cleaver. Because we all eat spam and eggs together anyways so why not in a masubi! Also when you order a soda they bring out a bottle soda & not a can or from a fountain.Last visit took a while for our orders to be taken and for water to arrive. But, other times I been here service has been steady.
2	My overall review 2.5/5Service 5/5 (but...had the nerve to charge gratuity 20% when we were the only table in the restaurant ?!)Food 2/5Ambiance 0/5 4.5 stars review from fellow yelpers, but the food just wasn't up to par.. Something's not adding up here..*note for the cook, not every dish needs black pepper, less is more sometimes! Not sure if you have tried your food lately but most of your dishes are missing something !! This is Korean Mex fusion , here's a clue, add some creamy sauce to your Mexican inspired dishes*Now .. My Background ..I'm from California so maybe the fusion here just can't beat it. Most of the dishes seemed to be missing just a little something... I was not impressed. We came here from Utah after hiking all day. Our group of 7 was hungry and ready to chow down.I'll start with the best and go down the list. Here is what we ordered.Kim chi fried rice 5/5I'm a sucker for kim chi fried rice, some people like it, some don't. Me, I love a good kim chi fried rice. This dish packs a moist and flavorful punch in every bite. This is a must order!Bulgogi cheese steak 4/5Docked one star because you need to put sauce on each bite to taste the fusion. The "bulgogi" was not very seasoned. In general it was a good sandwich for you cheesesteak lovers.Bulgogi chimichanga 3/5Hey, where's the meat? Totally just a few scraps in my chimichanga  ? This also needed much sauce with each bite... And why was there black pepper poured all over the top? There is never black pepper on chimichangas or bulgogi!! Why did you put it ? It totally threw off the taste!!Kimchi side dish 2/5Hmmm, flavor was good, but $3 for kimchi.. And it's served warm and mushy.. Wttthhhhheck?? This should be cold and only served cold..Spicy pork fusion nachos 2/5Oh Koja kitchen, you've ruined me for eveyone else. There was no white sauce on these nachos, and this dish too was missing a certain something .. At least there was no black pepper on this one. Also just a few crumbs of meat accompanied this dish.Wonton 1/5Don't order it. Wonton skins soft and soggy, meat filling one dimensional, dry and lacking flavor. Again, heavy handed chef with black pepper overload in the soup but forgot to season the meat in the wonton.Bulgogi plate 1/5Dry, super plain and bland presentation. Doesn't look Korean/Mexican/Chinese/American ... Don't order this here !!!Burrito 1/5  I didn't try it but it looked dry and standard.. Very plain..., I asked my friend who ate it and one word. "Meh" Nothing special here to try folks!I dropped my fork and our waitress heard ,( probably due to the empty restaurant and the cling of my fork falling broke the sound of the crickets in the background ) she quickly came over and replaced it right away. Although I rated this 5/5 service, I suppose she earned the 20% gratuity we were never informed of.. Overall, I won't be back. I was wondering how my experience food wise can differ so much from other yelpers. Apparently, another yelper pointed out a change of ownership. That would explain it.The restaurant was empty during dinnertime, new ownership, you should probably be reading these reviews and stepping up your game.. Btw most people like meat.. And with the little customers your have trickling in now a days, you should probably give people more meat to make them happier with your sub par food, unoriginal menu and dull flavorsNote for hungry yelpers, my ballers on a budget.  If you are hungry and need a cheap bite off the strip, you don't need to come out here! Check out all the Asian restaurants off spring mountain. It's a 2-5 min drive from the strip and you can find anything you want there.
5	I was skeptical ... however I went with a few friends that had already been a few times and swore by Komex - so I had to see what the hype was about - overall I was pleasantly happy and surprised - small location - good luck with the parking - however everything else was great - Great service, great food!  What a unique blend of flavors and artistic interpretation.  Best infused "burrito" I've ever had!  Fired Kimchi unbelievable!  Keep up the good work!
3	I was really looking forward in trying this place. I have to say I was little disappointed in the the value. The tacos where priced well but the other items where a little pricey. They should spend some money on the decor and the sign in front of me reminding me that it's going to take longer should be not be blasted of front of me. I recommend a simple sign or simple verbal reminder. A quick cleaning goes a long way. But try the lettuce pork belly tacos.  The asian guy was not really happy to see us! A smile goes a long way:)
1	It was my first time and will be my last visit. I don't know where and how this place got 4.5 stars from yelpers. There were 8 of us dined in tonight. We got separate bill and 20% tip was added to each bill. My friends ordered chimichanga, burrito, kimchi fried rice, and pork sliders. I was the only one ordered pan fried fish. I asked if the they deep fried or breaded. The waitress told me they grilled the fish. What? But I'm an adventurous food lover, so I went ahead and gave it a chance anyway. What a disappointment! My dish was the last to came out. The fish fillet was cold, bland, soggy, and felt apart as soon as I touched it with the fork, so I asked for a chopsticks instead. The vegetables, mostly broccoli, with few pieces of onion, and green bell pepper were also tasteless. I couldn't tell if they were grilled or pan fried. Standard Korean sticky rice came with it, nothing special. I barely eaten my food. Most of my friends didn't finish their neither. I was going to get the Calypso Lemonade, but decided to skip it after how disappointed my food was. My advice: spend your money elsewhere. This place doesn't worth the drive up to North Las Vegas.
1	Sweetness overload.Ordered the bulgolgi fries and taco. Everything was soooo sweet, I barely got to half of my meal. The sauces were sweet too!  It's suppose to be a spicy sauce, but there was no hint of spice.When I think of Mexican and Korean food, I think of spicy & this was none of that. My friend had the bulgolgi cheesesteak and she said it was alright, but also claimed that it was sweet.Overall, I wouldn't recommend this place, it's nothing near to Mexican or Korean when the flavor of everything was just sweet and nothing else.
5	Bulgogi all around! Those who have gone to KBBQ with me know of my love for bulgogi. Take that love and throw in a blend of Korean and Mexican style cooking, and you've got yourself a winner! I love this place! Each bite I took was an explosion of deliciousness that had the right amount of spice and a perfect balance between Korean and Mexican flavor.I think my absolute favorite dish are the kimchee fried rice. I went with my family and we ordered two plates: one with spam and and one with beef bulgogi. They were both equally good and despite having our own entrees, we cleaned up the fried rice because it was just irresistible. It's as good as any of the best kimchee fried rice you'd have at, thrown in with meats that were cooked to a savory excellence. The fried rice was definitely more Korean so you won't find much Mexican fused into this dish.For my own entrees I split fusion tacos with my cousin. We had beef bulgogi (duh) and pork belly. These were definitely a split balance between Korean and Mexican style. I couldn't decide which one I liked better but I certainly recommend going with the fusion tacos because you have a lot of choices depending on what kind of meats you like.I felt really bad because we showed up at 7:30 (they close at 8) and I was worried we might encounter some annoyance with showing up so late, but we got none of that. I really appreciate them being very welcoming, not showing any annoyance with us and still delivering quality food. Can't wait to come back here!
4	A great place to check out if you happen to be simultaneously craving Korean food and Mexican food. It's a small restaurant with decent fusion menu items. Came here the other night about 30 minutes until closing so I was a bit nervous about how we'd be treated and the quality of the food. Once we arrived,  however, we were welcomed with all smiles and my worries were gone. The service was awesome. Our orders were taken and brought out in promptly fashion. We ordered two plates of Kimchi Fried Rice (spam and beef bulgogi) and being a such a sucker for kimchi anything, I loved both. I prefer a little more of a spice factor, but it was still delicious. I also had the Fushion Tacos; one beef bulgogi and one pork belly, which were also quite tasty. The meats were well-seasoned (not too sweet or salty) and cooked to perfection. They were also very generous in filling the tacos. Whoop! Regardless of being close to closing time, all of our dishes were made fresh, which definitely made our experience with the food so enjoyable. I'd recommend any of their fusion items and most definitely the kimchi fried rice! Yumm.If you're in the area and looking for tasty Korean-Mexican fusion with good service, check this place out!
4	Their food is delicious!!  We have never had Korean/Mexican fusion before.  We are so happy we tried this place out.  We ordered bulgogi fries, bulgogi nachos, bulgogi sliders, and fusion burrito.  The portions are HUGE.  Next time, we will just share an entree.  The prices are very good for what you get.  The staff is super friendly.  We will definitely be back for more.
2	That moment when the food and the stars don't match up. For me fusion is Kogi, because it's literally two different types of food coming together: synergy. This place is more like segregation, the food just doesn't mix well. It's quite literally Mexican food and Korean food, served like a layer cake, none of it is combined in any culinary way. The burrito I got was dry, it was just bulgogi and lettuce in a wrapped, me choking with every bite on the way down. I won't continue, it just didn't do the job of fusing. Best part of that meal was my Mexican coke, which was what I got when I ordered a Mexican pepsi.
1	Over charged!! 7 dollars extra for pork belly instead of beef, when the plate itself is 10 dollars!!! Dingy dirty place!!! Cheaper at a nice korean or mexican resturaunt... should not call this place korean or mexican food its a really bad version on both! Nothing authentic nor fusion about it!! Not going back
5	Got the Beef Fusion Burrito that is filled with lots of flavor.  Expect to wait because seating is small..
5	Fun new place, very low key, good prices and I like how they mix cultures and foods from around the world. Very unique flavor, great taste. Very friendly staff too! Love it.
5	The BOMB!!! One of the best fusion spots I've had the pleasure of dining. The tacos, pasta, burritos...it's all good!!!
2	My Dad and wife accompanied me here a few nights ago for a much needed recharge of some good ole' Komex fusion food.  This was our experience:Food:  Between all of us we ordered a half order of the combo fried rice, pork belly masubi with egg, a pork tostada, an order of pork wanton, and a cheese quesadilla. The combo fried rice was very good and went off well with all of us (the shrimp were the really small cocktail shrimp).  I like my pork belly a little more tender than our masubi; however, it was okay.  The pork wantons were good. and the cheese quesadilla was also good; however our waitress referred to it as a "Fusion quesadilla"...it was just a tortilla and white cheese, there were no fusion ingredients.  The pork tostada was surprisingly not very good at all, I didn't taste any Asian fusion flavors.  The fusion tostada bed or "fried" rice was soggy and clearly wasn't fried like the previous times we've sampled it.  The fact that the pork tostada wasn't cooked like Sonny cooked it and the fusion quesadilla had no fusion just disappointed me.Service:  We loved our server!  She was so nice and had a very positive spirit.  She was fast, courteous, kept our drinks filled and delivered an accurate order.Atmosphere:  I would highly suggest hiring a commercial cleaning business to do a full-service cleaning of Komex.  There was so much dirt caked onto the lower trim of the walls and floor, I was simply in shock that they let it get so dirty. Price:  Not too bad.Overall,In my opinion: Komex Fusion (*Decatur Location Only*) went down hill since their Yelp Stardom peaked, since the new location opened, and since the owners decided to focus on the Buffalo location as the primary.  What bothers me most is the fact that they started out so good.  I know exactly what happened; but really, what happened?
4	My favorite type of fusion food is no doubt Korean and Mexican! The bulgogi burrito (with added kimchi) at KoMex was tasty.  The burrito was tightly packed with ingredients evenly distributed. Each bite was very satisfying with a good amount of bulgogi, mexican rice, cilantro, onions, etc. Their hot sauce rack has a variety of hot sauce with different flavor and spiciness level which makes it very fun to try. We also tried the spam musubi and pork belly musubi. The musubi are on the thin side and with less rice than the ones I usually have. Nothing too special about these two. The complimentary chips, salsa and guacamole was very nice. And service was attentive and friendly. I'd be back!
5	Quick friendly service once we got a table. Loved the tacos and nachos. Looking forward to another visit to try more of the menu.
5	If there was a fashion statement for food, it would definitely be fusion food! A lot of restaurants are trying different combinations and mixes and I think the best would be Korean and Mexican fusion food. When I found out about KoMex, I knew I had to give it a try. After reading the Yelp reviews and looking through pictures, I was impressed and my stomach was speaking to me... like it needed some KoMex! I'm just kidding, but really though, I was impressed now the only thing was to try it! There are two locations in Las Vegas now. When I first found out about this place, the only location was the one on Decatur/Washington. (I have yet to try the new one located on Buffalo/Flamingo). The location is somewhere more north of Las Vegas so a lot of the buildings are older and smaller. The plaza where it is located is in a plaza where there is a limited parking spot. Every time I go, I find a parking spot so i'm sure its not that bad! The moment you walk in, the restaurant is small, but it smells so good! Service is great! You are greeted immediately and sat down to a table.Every table gets a complimentary chips and salsa with guacamole. The guacamole is so good and taste very fresh! Everything on the menu is what you would expect at a Mexican restaurant except it says "Fusion" before it. I thought it was funny! Anyway, some of the food that I have tried:Fusion tacos- I usually get the pork belly tacos and the bulgogi tacos with flour tortillas. Oh man, oh man... what can I say about the pork belly tacos... IT'S AMAZING! The pork is so fatty and cooked perfectly! Its not tough and its so juicy! They put the pico on top with shredded lettuce and the sauces that the server gives you once your food is ready! Bulgogi tacos are also a favorite of mine! The beef is cooked perfectly with a hint of sweetness to it! All the tacos are delicious and you have a choice of flour tortillas or have them with a lettuce wrap!Pork-belly fries- Okay, by now I think you should get the hint that I love pork belly. One of my guilty pleasures! Think of carne asada fries, but with pork belly and the special sauces that they add and jalapenos! It is that good! Must try for yourself!Pork-belly musubi- It was a special at that time, but i'm sure you can order it. Just like spam musubi, they replace it with pork-belly. It was a bit too oily for me so I wouldn't really order it as much. Only when I crave for it!Fusion chimicanga- I had this with bulgogi and man.. its HUGE! I couldn't eat too much of it, but it was good nonetheless!My favorite here would definitely be the tacos. Man, i'm getting hungry just writing this review.
4	We found this place on Yelp! Thanks for all the previous reviews! We were greeted by friendly staff and we're seated. We had just enough time to study the menu. Then a smiling waitress took our order. After the order, we were served complimentary chips with salsa and guacamole. The chips were very fresh yet not greasy. The Bulgogi Taco was amazing! I wish this restaurant was near my house... The Bulgogi Burrito was good, but after tasting the Taco, it just didn't message up. Don't get me wrong! It's really good... Just not as good as the Bulgogi Taco. The Kimchi fried rice was good too. But, I'll stick with the BULGOGI TACOS from now! I'll definitely be back!
4	Been here about 4x now - close to my work.  I had heard they had fantastic tacos - and they DO.  Love the blend of Mexican/Korean fusion.  Flavors are awesome.  Go try it out - you won't be disappointed and you can walk out for less than $10.  I keep going back to tacos - had the burrito once.  Bulgogi tacos - so good.  Service for the limited staff - just excellent - they take care of you.
5	They seated us within a few Minutes which was nice, they were busy but not packed. Our waitress (her name wasn't on the check and she did not wear a name tag) was very nice and helped me by explaining the vegetarian options. I got the tofu torta and it was awesome! I love when people are so helpful in explaining menu alternatives. My friends really liked their (meat) dishes as well.
5	Never a let down, I look forward to Komex every time I visit Vegas. The menu is fun and vegetarian friendly. The service is wonderful, they definitely have a very family run environment. I suggest this place to all my friends coming to town.
4	The food choices are good here. Service is always friendly. The servers know and always welcome return guests. Affordable and portions are according to prices. Will be back as usual.
4	I saw this place in an old RJ Best of LV poll as best tacos which seemed weird to think of as a Korean Taco.  I was really surprised how good these tacos were.  I ordered a trio of tacos which came very quickly.  One was spicy pork, one was chicken, and one was Bulgogi beef.  I liked the spicy pork the best.  I also ordered an order of Pork Belly musubi which was tasty, but not a great deal for $6.  Tacos are an excellent price for $2 each.  I will try this place again.  The staff was really helpful and explained everything when I said this was my first time eating Korean tacos.  They also have a straight up Mexican menu, but I like Asian so I decided to give it a go.   Two thumbs up.
3	This is more of a 3.5.  I was going to put 4 stars for the chicken fusion flautas I got but I have to take 0.5 off because I found a toothpick in it.  Apparently it was there to keep the flautas rolled and it was not taken out properly.  The manager did take off the $8 from the total of the check though.Other than that, it seemed to be a popular place at lunch.  There was even a reserved sign on one of the back tables.
1	BEWARE! Did takeout here today and was charged $42 for 6 tacos, full pork plate and 2 calypso lemonades and I've got the bank statement to prove it. Being new here, I did not question the price but checked the menu pricing found online a little later. What a jip. Never again.
4	O KoMex, what a fantastic fusion feast from this oasis to my east.Since I live on the west coast,I do not mean to boastbut I wanted to explain my positioning in the least.The fusion of cultures and foods were actually above par.When mixing Bulgogi and Flautas, it was great and bazar.But the place settings were were decorated with folklore from China,which is something I'd expect in South Carolina;I don't think they really know who they are.Mexican, Korean, and a little Chinese,with food so great it brought me to my knees.Though I would be remiss if I forgot to mention their sauce,it was their winning combination that made them so boss.I will always accept your fusion guac with a thank you and please.The wait staff was nice,they accommodated our vegetarian not once, but twice.Was it the greatest? I do not think so,but I'd highly recommend that you all go.This is one place in Vegas you won't need to roll the dice...
1	Really not impressed with this place, the meat hardly tastes marinated & the service sucked.. Server never offered me a water & Its getting to the point I'm going to grab my own to go box!!!
3	KoMex was out of the way but it was an anticipated foodie stop on a weekend Vegas trip.  I had just read a magazine article where their Fusion Burrito was actually rated one of the very best in the entire US!  Now that's really setting a high level of expectation.We stopped by for a midafternoon mini meal to just share a couple of items.  The Fusion Burrito with pork bulgogi was good but it didn't blow me away by any means.  Maybe I'm jaded by the numerous good burritos from SoCal. The Fusion Fries with beef bulgogi were slightly disappointing.  I didn't enjoy the fries themselves and the toppings were on the skimpy side.The service here was very nice and friendly and that counts for a lot. I've had Korean fusion food in SoCal too and I thought I've had better back at home.  I highly recommend Urban Seoul in Irvine.    I've crossed KoMex off of my Vegas Eating Bucket List and it's now on to other places!
4	Cheap! Hits the spot. It was good homemade Korean food fused with more than decent Mexican food. Another good place to go if you're on a budget in Vegas.
5	Never had anything like this or maybe have but when I say never is because I love it. The flavors are so good. I got the nachos & the chips are perfect. The flavor & fresh flavor. I want to try the fried rice & kimichi.
3	If you love Mexican food, you'll love it here, homemade chips, crisp withe salsa and guacamole great. Chimichanga huge. Pork belly Tacos good, offered with 4 different sauces to spice it up 2 Korean, 2 Mexican. Employees very friendly.
5	I've heard so much about Korean and Mexican fusion so when I saw this restaurant on Yelp I had to try it out. They make the food as it's ordered so plan on spending some time here, especially if it's busy. It is worth the wait. I ordered the tostada with bulgogi meat. The meat was tender and the marinade was delicious. It reminded me of my mother's tapa- Filipino- except that it was sliced thinner. It was served on top of a rice patty, a patty with some crispy rice on the outside. Topped with cabbage and salsa this meal tasted so fresh. I can't wait to go back to try their other specialties!
5	A unique Korean twist on Mexican food with a Chinese fortune cookie at the end :PWe had the fried wontons(can't be beat at 5 for $1.50!!), spam masubi with fried egg(comes with 2 masubis), the bulgogi burrito, and bulgogi plate. Everything was fresh and seasoned perfectly and only cost $25 for everything!! We even had leftovers! Free chips with guac and salsa(which is made daily in-house). That guac had to have been my favorite ever! And I eat a lot of guac.Location is not as convenient but hey, not everything in life is going to be right around the corner from me :)Definitely will be back and definitely recommend it to all my fellow Yelpers!!
2	Definitely NOT four and a half stars!!We ordered bulgogi burrito-- it was only okay at best... Not enough meat, too much rice. Bf felt the meat was over cooked as well. We also ordered Korean wings-- I liked them, bf did not as much-- again he felt they were over cooked.  The fries which came with it were frozen fries cooked with no salt-- very little to recommend.Don't think we'll be returning.
3	Just regular Mexican tacos with the usual meats replaced with Korean meatsBeef Bulgogi Tacos with Kimchi- dry bulgogi, kimchi had a weak flavorPork Belly Tacos with Kimchi- dry pork belly, I preferred the beef onesPork Bulgogi Chimichanga- topped with pico and the insides were like a regular burrito except with asian marinated meat, also dryI like where they were going with this idea, however I expected a little more fusion like places in SF or NYC (adding gochujang sauce or incorporating banchan).  This could easily be a 4 star if the food was a little more juicier.
5	Two words: Bulgogi Cheesesteak.Two more words: The. Bomb.(See my previous review for other tasty options!)
5	On my first visit I had the Fusion Burrito and my sister had the Fusion Chimichanga (basically my burrito fried).  We were such fans we went another day during our weekend visit in Vegas and this time I tried the Fusion Flautas and she again got the Fusion Chimichanga.  My only regret is that I didn't order myself the Fusion Chimichanga to go.  I'll be going back for that next time I'm in town.  Huge fan of this spot!
4	I visited this place after hearing about it and seeing the yelp reviews. KOMEX definitely did not disappoint. I had the bugolgi tacos and combo fried rice.. AMAZE BALLS!!!! The location is a bit sketchy but the inside is better than the outside appearance. Will be back...
4	Very clever idea of combining both amazing dish. I got to say it hit the spot. I will come back to taste the whole menu since it's 5mins away from me... This is by far a hidden gem and I found it! Kudos to Yelp...
3	I ate at the Decatur and Washington Location on 7-23-2014.  It is hidden in a small strip mall and parking is at a premium.  The business was small but clean.  I arrived just before the place became busy. I was hoping to have a great eating experience, as the reviews I read, indicated others had enjoyed the food and service.  I ordered the (1/2 Order) of Bulgogi fries which was about $6.00 and a Diet Pepsi (which was bottled and cost $2.00)  The bulgogi fries tasted old and luke warm.  The meat, cheese and jalapenos were tasty but were also dry and by the time I finished them, were  cold and stuck together.  I was disappointed as I had driven quite a ways to eat there and it really wasn't worth the drive.  I ordered a burrito to go ($7.00) and it had it latter that day at home and it was only average.  I do not have the great experience that other reviewers seemed to have, nor did I find the food to be the "bomb" as  others rated the food to be.   The people running the place were friendly and I was happy with the service, but I came for the food and I will have to think if I want to go and try this place again.
5	Best kimchi friend rice in the world. Bulgogi tacos and calimari Taco were legit too. Only reason I ventured so far off the strip is because of all the amazing yelp reviews and I was not disappointed.
2	What a difference a year can make. I honestly created a Yelp account to rave about this place. It used to be amazing. However, the second location opened pretty recently, and it was a extremely disappointing the last time I had it.Being a frequent customer for the past year or so, I did not hesitate to buy $40 worth of food for the family. I always tell my friends about this place. Unfortunately, something happened here recently (maybe a new chef), and the quality decreased significantly. Here's the meal we had:Fusion Burrito: Soggy. Extremely soggy. It tasted like somebody drenched the greens inside with water and removed any semblance of rice and meat. I could barely eat half of it. This used to be a favorite of mine!Fusion Quesadilla (with spicy pork): Also disgusting! I don't know how you mess up spicy pork and cheese. I got this for my little niece, and she barely had two bites. I thought something was wrong with her, so I tried it too. Straight to the trash... How can a quesadilla have a weird aftertaste?Shrimp Taco: The shrimp was definitely old. The aged seafood smell spread strongly throughout the house.We had a few more things, and they were adequate I guess. The aforementioned items were the worst.I'm so, so disappointed. I'm tempted to leave one star, but I put two out of respect for what the restaurant once was. Maybe I caught them on a bad day, but what I received was inexcusable.
5	My first visit here. We came because of Yelp and were very pleased.  They were right on with service and the food was amazing! We tried a few single items -- chicken taco as a lettuce wrap, chicken flauta with fusion guacamole, beef slider, shrimp fried rice, shrimp taco with fusion tartar sauce. Everything was wonderful and the server was so patient and helpful and friendly!  Plus their prices are so competitive.  Our meal came to $26, and we had leftovers.
4	Good food. I ordered the Fusion Chimichanga...it was bbbiigggg. Every menu item was a pretty good sized portion. For $8 I'd say it was definitely worth it. The meat was tender and flavorful. Only thing I would say is that they're food wasn't really that spicy, I wouldn't even call it mild for my taste, so make sure you get some siracha or add some if you want that extra heat. They had good service, and fast too considering we had a really really big group. They gave us complimentary chips, salsa, and guac. Good stuff.Next time I'm definitely going to try other stuff on the menu because everything looked and sounded good.
3	I did tacos which were cool.  Fusion fries not a big fan of. The tacodilla was good. And shrimp taco was outstanding. A little hole in the wall. Glad I tried though.
5	Love this place!! The best item is the bulgogi tacos.
5	Love this place, they have the best tofu & veggie tacos ever, even better if you add kimchi. Also have awesome veggie fried rice (one of few places that is generous with the veggies), amazing complimentary chips with side of guac & fresh salsa. There is an  exceptional array of host made sauces- so good we get one of them to go and enjoy with all sorts of food at home (Korean hot sauce). Lastly, their prices rock & they recognize their regular customers.
5	As a former-local, this is hands down my favorite restaurant in Vegas. Family-owned and made to order, you can taste the care out into the food. My recommendation is to order from the fusion part of the menu as opposed to the just Korean or Mexican parts though there isn't much you won't love on the menu. The fusion burrito is my go-to and a crowd pleaser. This place is good for vegetarians!
4	The chow fettucini was so/so. But the flautas were absolutely amazing, I would eat them everyday. The service was good, the restaurant was clean, and it was a nice simple meal.
5	In town for a soccer tournament. We wanted to try something new. This place was by far the best choice we made on our trip. Great food, good price, and even better portions!!Thanks KoMex
5	I love this place.  The chimichanga is my favorite.  Plus the people who work here are so nice.  I have been to both locations and do not have a favorite one yet.  Good food.  I can't wait to go back.
5	First time here. Nice service. Tasty delicious goodies. Chips and salsa and guacamole for free. Very yum. Had the bulgogi beef plate added the Kim Che rice. Super good. Nice flavor and sweetness on the beef and the flavorful taste of the kimchee in the fried rice was so delicious. My girl had the fusion flautas.  Bulgogi and mozzarella inside a fried tortilla with an amazing Korean hot sauced guacamole.  Really flipping good. Good eats will be back.
5	these guys are on it!  the food is pretty inventive, even though by now there are many places to get korean fusion around the country.  the food is really tasty.  if you are in vegas and have a rental car, then it is worth it to venture off the strip and visit.
3	I have had this place bookmarked for quite some time now & was so excited to try it out in hopes of finding a new favorite Vegas place to eat. I will say the food was good, but not mind blowing spectacular with every bite.. I ordered the bulgogi chimichanga, my husband ordered the burrito version and we split bulgogi fries. The Korean sauce was tasty, the meat was tasty. The fries themselves seemed like frozen fries, nothing that great. I also expected more cheese on the fries.. (Shredded, wasn't all melted). The food definitely had flavor I just get the feeling what I experienced wasn't as good as this place used to be (from reading other older reviews). Could use just a tad bit more. some of the food was a little bit/ almost on the dry side. I would love to give it a try again but not sure if we will since it's on the opposite side of town for us.
5	I was in the area around lunch time so I yelped a restaurant and this one seemed to get pretty good reviews. The interior looks a little dingy so I expected that I would have to order at the counter, but it turned out to be a sit down restaurant. They give you chips, salsa and guacamole when you first sit down. I had the half order bogogi chicken plate with rice, and it was GREAT! The portion was the perfect and really filling. The service was also really good. I would definitely come back.
5	Ordered the Vegetarian Chow Fettuccine noodles ...stir fried fettuccine noodles with bell peppers, cabbage and broccoli. Delicious! Also ordered the Bulgogi Flautas- comes with guac and salsa, the crispy tortilla was my fave. And last but not least...also shared an order of Bulgogi Fries- hit the spot! I would definitely come back to this place.
2	I've been here twice and it's okay. Service is super slow. Nothing stood out in my opinion.
4	I have never tried a Korean Mexican fusion so we had to come here and see what it was all about. Pretty good food. Couldn't taste much of the Korean fusion, but all still good. Fish taco (4 stars): Liked these tacos the most. Had the most flavor. Shrimp taco (3 stars): Shrimp are so tiny! Wish I would have known it was baby shrimp. Chicken Fries (3.5 stars): A little bland. Needed more flavors. We loaded on hot sauce haha. I lived in San Diego for 4 years where Mexican food ruled, so these cannot compare to the pollo asado fries I would get down there.  Complimentary Cips (4 stars): Crispy and good! So addicting to munch on.  SERVICE (5 stars)Everyone was really nice. ATMOSPHERE Almost like a fast food restaurant but not since you can sit down and they will come to get your order. Clean tables. Got pretty busy towards closing time.
5	If only this place was closer to where I lived!Anything with the word Bulgogi here is amazing. I had the burgers and it was just an amazing mouth watering experience! It's kind of like if Roberto's met a hole-in-the-wall Korean joint.You have got to try this place!
5	What a great idea to fuse Korean and Mexican. The atmosphere is very relaxed, its looks kind of divish, but the food is so good. You cant go wrong with any of the tocos, I wish they would open one on the South side of town.
4	Very small place and gets crowded during lunch rush hour, but my review isn't about that...There were so many choices I didn't know what to get! I tried a little of everything so I ordered:Bulgogi burritoBulgogi friesBulgogi Kim Chee taco. The burrito was tasty and bulgogi was tender. I love that it had Kim Chee (you have to ask for it) which gave it an extra tang. I wasn't too fond of the rice, as it was lacking in flavor and a bit mushy. The fries looked delicious at first, but was hard to eat as the cheese quickly cools making it hard to have a perfect bite. I thought it was just ok, and would easily skip on my next visit. The taco was pretty tasty, the only con is that there's too much liquid from the Kim Chee that it makes the tortilla soggy and breaks it. It was pretty messy. All in all, the items were good, but I'd just stick to the burrito. I'm eager to try more items off their menu since I enjoy the Korean Mexican fusion concept.
4	We just beat the rush, but the line can get pretty long. We saw it build up while we were there.Korean and Mexican fusion. Sounds a little weird right? Maybe, but the food is good!!! I'm not as high on it as some of the other Yelpers,  but I still put it pretty high on my list.So what's actually pretty awesome about this place is that they have ZERO problem splitting checks for you. Unlike other places that say they will but give you this reluctant only-if-I-get-a-good-tip attitude, our server split up our party of 12 with NO problem. Go in, eat,  pay your bill, bounce. You don't have to sit there for 30 minutes trying to figure out what everyone ordered and how much they owe for tip.Bulgogi Burrito ($7.50)Pretty huge burrito. I had to split because it was too big. The bulgogi portion is plenty, which is always nice. However, the taste of the bulgogi wasn't anything spectacular to me, just "pretty good".The tacos were pretty popular at our table, so I'd definitely recommend getting that.
5	Don't judge a book by it's cover. Not the prettiest place, but the food was outstanding!  Service was great. I ordered the tacos: shrimp, bulgogi, and carne asada. Excellent! My daughter (9 years old) ordered a burger and fries. It was tasty too. A new found gem!
5	Great food and flavor and the bulgogi had an awesome taste. The staff was friendly and its great food with a great price. I recommend the bulgogi fries to everyone
5	This place is putting out some pretty tasty food.  It is located in a small outdoor strip mall and you might miss it as it is tucked away in the corner.  I have been here several times and each time the food is very good.  I usually order one of the fusion items, which is a nice mix of Korean and Mexican.  I have had the bulgogi  and spicy pork tacos which are loaded with meat and other ingredients; these are delicious.  I have also had the spicy pork fusion torta, which was huge and very tasty.  This was a great mixture of flavors.  The fusion (bulgogi) chimichanga was also great.  The dishes are very flavorful and loaded with ingredients.  All of the dishes I have tried thus far have a great mixture of texture, spice and complexity of flavor.  This is deffinitely one of my go to places when in that part of Las Vegas
5	Awesome food. Everything fresh cooked. Must visit if in Vegas
4	Asian-Mexican Fusion! I recommend the Bulgogi Nachos..they are amazing. As much as everything pretty much. So much food for $! Don't be put off by the sketchy neighborhood, cause you know it will be good
1	Don't eat here. Just finished my meal. Ordered the kimchee fried rice which already comes with an egg but I wanted it scrambled. When I got my bill they had charged me $1 for the egg. When I asked why, the manager said for labor. Never in my life have I experienced something so ridiculous as being charged $1 for a scrambled egg instead of a fried egg.
5	Bulgogi fries and Kim chee fried rice is bomb!
4	**A divey, mom-n-pop shop serving up fusion Korean-Mexican food. Food is tasty and prices are cheap. Seems to be a favorite amongst the Yelp community. I recommend the Pork Belly Fusion Taco.**Some burrito-guru site rated KoMex in the top ten best burritos in the US. Hahaha... no. Whatever... it got me to try this place, twice. Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad place. If you like the famous Koji Taco trucks in LA, you'll like this place. And the prices are really reasonable. I pig out for around $15 (including tax and tip) but you can easily eat here for around $10. FOOD: KIMCHI FRIED RICE, this dish has a lot of potential, but for some reason the meat gets lost in all the kimchi and rice. Second time I went back I got three meat choices instead of one (for $11) and I liked how the pork stood out from the kimchi but the beef still got lost in all the flavors. This dish is so frustrating because I wanted to like it, so bad! But it just falls short on my palate. Maybe next time I'll ask for 3x the pork. PORK BELLY FUSION TACO $2, This is my favorite dish here. There's satisfying slabs of pork belly, on top is a crunchy corn salsa and cabbage. I liked the corn tortillas too but I'm not sure if they're homemade. FUSION BURRITO WITH BULGOGI $7.50, believe it or not, their famous burrito was my least favorite dish here. Just think of it was carne asada burrito made with bulgogi instead of carne asada. It sounds good in theory but the bulgogi got lost in the translation here. I think a bulgogi taco would taste better, the proportions would work better. MEXICAN BURRITO WITH CARNE ASADA $7.50, actually tastes better than it's fusion cousin. It's a good carne asada burrito, nothing special, I really like their pico de gallo. NEIGHBORHOOD is a bit sketchy. It's located in a run-down strip mall off of Decatur North of the 95. The place is divey and small but clean. Service was okay. I  liked the complimentary chips, guacamole and salsa. Their salsa and hot sauce are really good.
5	I love Komex. I recently tried a place with the same concept in Atlanta and was highly disappointed. Komex has set my Korean fusion standard pretty high I guess. The bulgogi nachos are amazing. I definitely  recommend.
5	We ate tony Roma's the night before, it was pretty good.... That being said this place blew that food out of the water! I will be going back Everytime I visit Vegas
2	This place is divey.. clean.. but divey.  It's like the Roberto's of Korean Mexican fusion except I probably would have preferred Roberto's. Maybe I went in with the wrong mindset, I'm used to Korean food being somewhat healthy and I know depending on the Mexican food you could be looking at the perfect post-drunk grease or something you won't feel ashamed of after you've consumed it.  This food made me feel like I was clogging my arteries midway through the meal. The flautas with spicy Korean pork were somehow bland.  I don't even know how this is possible when spicy pork (mewoon daeji bulgogi) is anything but bland and it's the filling.  I got corn tacos with kalbi and spicy pork, they were okay.  My friend was destroying the kimchi fried rice, I'm not the hugest fried rice fan so I don't feel it's fair for me to try and review it.
2	I was very excited to try this place, meaning I paid almost $60 in cab fare to come out and try this place (we stayed at the Bellagio), but I was so disappointed!!The meat was not tender at all, especially the pork. The chicken is tasteless. The misubi was way too salty. The portions was not huge as many yelp reviews said it was. The only thing I liked from the mountain of food is the beef kimchi fried rice. But it wasn't spectacular. Any decent korean place will taste just as good. Here is what we ordered:Beef kimichi fried rice: very goodCombo two meat plate: horrible. Chicken was tasteless. The pork was like ground pork, mushy, which was really weird. Pork belly misubi: way too salty. I took one bite and threw it away. Chicken wings: okay. Drenched in sauce. Shrimp and chicken tacos: okay. Nothing too special about it that you can't get from a taco truck.
4	I heard of this and had to try it. Korean mexican fusion oh my it was delicious. A little mom n pop place that serves huge portions of great food at an even better price. At table of 5 and we all ordered plates 2 appetizers and an extra plate of rice and we only paid 65.00. Anything with the bulgogi and you can't go wrong. The bulgogi flautas and the chicken fried rice were my favorites.  We got lucky and got a table quick but it soon filled up and there was a wait. You must try this place.
3	It's actually been over a year since my last visit to Komex, so I apologize for the lack of detail in the review. However, my last update doesn't reflect how my current opinion, so I needed to correct my rating. Suffice to say, it was more than a little disappointing.I went with a friend over an extended lunch. It was his first time, and he was pretty impressed. Unfortunately, I didn't feel the same way. Looking back on my at-the-time basic photos, I had some bulgogi fries and a chimichanga, which most likely would have been pork given my tendencies. There weren't any salt or cooking issues, but the levels and layers of flavor just didn't appeal to me very much that day.I did greatly appreciate the sweet, fresh orange provided for dessert and the complimentary chips and salsa presented as an appetizer, but nothing has motivated me to make the trip from Henderson. I'd recommend sticking to more flavorful Mexican tacos or waiting to try the Korean-Mexican fusion concept elsewhere.
4	This place was right next door to the school we had a basketball tournament at so I though I should just check it out. It was an interesting concept having Korean infused Mexican food. I decided to play it safe and got the kimchee fried rice. It was pretty good but it didn't knock my socks off. I tried my friends cheesesteak and that was pretty bomb. I'd be open to coming back to eat here again and probably be a little bit more adventurous. The key negative here is the slow service and the fact that they take forever to bring your bill and pick up your check. Was about to give it a three but I guess I'm just in a good mood right now.
5	This place is awesome!!! I've been here at least 10 times and they never disappoint.  The bulgogi fries and tacos are excellent.  They deserve 100 stars and they're prices are freaking great!!!!This is where the locals go!!!!!!!  Even saw a bunch of cops eating here, so you know it's good.
5	Was very satisfied with the Beef Burrito a very awesome place to go and fulfill your mexican food craving ...will be coming back for more
4	Must try if your into fusion food. The chicken fries was awesome. Got the half and it was awesome. Great food for the bucks. The bulgogi sliders were awesome too.This place has great people that will take care of you.
4	Yummy!! I got the kimchee fried rice and the bulgogi flautas. Both were very good. I'd def come again. Wish they had a location on the south side of town.
5	Awesome Mexican/Korean fusion food. Fast efficient service. I liked the shrimp, fish, tofu, and calamari tacos.
5	One of my favorite joints in Vegas. This is our go to place when we're super hungry, because we can get amazing food for the price. Not once have we ever been disappointed. My favorite is the bulgogi fried rice and calamari tacos. They have a house salsa that is spot on with the Korean/Mexican fusion. I dump it on everything!
5	Delightful. Very interesting large & diverse menu that pleased my whole family, from the finicky 7 year old (he gives KoMex "10 stars! "), to the grumpy teenager ("ugh") to the very selective wifey, who liked how clean it is despite being not new, she liked that the entire menu could be made vegetarian (tofu or veggies), she liked the hustle & competence of our waiter/host, and she liked how everybody really liked their food.I loved all of the above, plus that I could feed my whole family of six for about $40, or about $6.50 each.They also had half orders of everything, perfect for my 7 & 10 year old.Without asking our host noticed that we'd not finished our plates and he brought over takeout clamshells & bags. On the ball! Bonus Trivia: their "tap water" is in fact bottled water. The "tap water" they serve at your table in a large clear carafe is bottled. The water they use to rinse & cook the rice is bottled. The water they use to cook everything is bottled, at the insistence of the owner. My wife noticed that this made everything taste "fresh".I liked that everything we ordered was more Mex, with a hint of Korean, yet I'm sure if you wanted a spicier Korean fare they would oblige, in fact Kimchee is on the menu. For example, my son's fusion nachos looked like awesome macho nachos, but the meat was marinated in Korean spices.We will be back!
4	I went here for the first time with my colleagues and the food was great. The server was nice and it was a comfy environment. I had the bulgogi nachos and it was mmm, mmm good. Couldn't eat it all though since the portion was pretty big. Will definitely go again soon.
5	Why are you here reading these reviews? Just go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! amazing food, fantastic service.
3	I was pretty excited to try KoMex, but it turned out not really meeting my expectations. The food is great if you want either Korean or Mexican, but it wasn't that great at executing fusion flavors. Ex: the bulgogi fries were just fries, cheese, jalapenos, and not very much bulgogi. Plus, the bulgogi didn't taste too much like bulgogi and more just like beef, so then the whole dish was just carne asada fries.The tacos were similar. The chicken was really bland and not particularly Korean, but the pork and bulgogi were better. The kimchi fried rice was well made, but that's not fusion.Great service and prices. It was around $20 for 3 entrees.
3	The food was ok. The Korean element is very heavy in the flavor of te tacos. I ordered one calamari and two pork belly tacos. The food  has a hint of sweetness that is very different from any other Mexican joint in town. The specialty food is defiantly  one of a kind, however, being one of a kind is not always a compliment, and in the case of Komex it does not really add any level of satisfaction to the original.The only reason I am writing this review is because the service I received was stupid. I ordered three tacos to go and was told that it would be a fifteen minute wait, no biggie, I took a walk for the fifteen minutes and then returned to the restaurant.  [this is what mad me decide to no longer go to this establishment] I walk in and am greeted by the same person that took my order no more than fifteen minutes ago, he asks me if I will be having my food to go or dining in, I do not understand how someone can forget a customer so quick, as if I never even came in. I t was not until I told him that I was just in there to pick up my order that I just placed, that her remembered who I was. Well he then proceeded to piss me the hell off, he gave my tacos away to some other customer. He must smoke an otherworldly amount of pot because  he forgot me on a slow night at that. He then apologized and said that my tacos will be remade. My tacos were done in approximately 7-8 minutes. In conclusion, I will never go to Komex again, not just because the service is shit, but because the food is overpriced and is not very good.sorry komex dude, I just had to tell it like it is.PS:the name reminds me of tampon box
4	Interesting menu.  Definitely something neat.  I think it got a bit built up from what I heard.  It's really between and a 3 and a 4 star for me, but I think the uniqueness of the place and the pretty good prices give it a 4 star.  I'm interested in trying some other food from here and see what else I may like.
3	Back to get wreck, all respect to KoMex who breakTheir neck to keep their service in check'Cause oh they combine Mexican and Korean majorlyFree chips, salsa, and guacomole keeps amazing meShe tell me there is bulgogi, on the torta or french fryBut I order only a half order of bulgogi fries, I gotta take it easyHate to sound sleazy, but I tease me, with a pork belly musubiAnd when I grub it, I got a problem saying bye byeJust another hazard of a fat guy You ask why, don't matter, my pockets got fatterdecent prices got you looking at the menu for the latterBut Im a little greedyI have to order extra bulgogi cuz I like my fries meatyFood cooked to order so it won't be there in a jiffyMy girl is picky, but she ate the chicken burrito in a quickieIf you want fusion, you can't tie this place downBut for strictly Korean, I look around
3	Food is okay. Salsa and guacamole was yummy! Their bathroom is really dirty tho. I wouldnt be surprised if they will be on dirty dining soon.
5	My favorite comfort food along the 95 corridor.  Bulgogi street tacos with kimchi and salsa?  Yes, please!
5	A little nervous when we got there and it wasn't busy, but by the end of our meal place was packed and had a lot of to go orders.  Loved the pork belly and kimchi fried rice.  Husband can't wait to have another burrito and the kids couldn't get enough of the tortilla chips.  We will be back!
5	This place was everything it's reviewed to be!  A must try in the Valley!
5	Service was awesome! Although at the time we ate there was only 1 other table there. We were served really quick and our drinks kept getting refilled,We had the kimchi fried rice with bulgogi, fusion tacos (bulgogi, fish, and shrimp). Bomb! Well priced too. Definitely coming back! Burp.
4	After wanting to try this place, we finally got take-out saturday for lunch. Located opposite the car dealership (high school and golf course are other markers for the same side of the car dealership). You might miss it because it's in a little corner of a little strip-mall on the same side as the VCA animal hospital. I chose the full plate of mixed fried rice- chicken, beef, & shrimp (so I could share it with my son) while my husband got the beef burrito. I had my rice with the hot sauce and it was quite tasty. The meats were very good. The beef was especially tender and sliced thin. The veggies were cooked perfectly. I guess the only thing that would likely ruin fried rice is if the rice were mushy; but no issues here. My son liked it too; I just had to cut the chicken into smaller pieces. My husband didn't think it was anything special- I had a bite of his burrito and it was pretty good to me (but I suspect he was comparing it to Truk-n-yaki). I really liked the fried rice, but I saw so many things I'd try in the future, like the nachos, torta, or the kimchi fried rice. If we were to go to the Meadows Mall in the morning, I could see getting take-out from here again.The vast menu is split between fusion and mexican. I wanted fusion, but that's me. Hubby said that there was a huge sign on the wall, stating "items are made to order." He described the inside as being larger than a hole-in-a-wall and noted there were a couple customers inside dining. The korean man at the register highly suggested the tacos and burritos for a first-timer. And hubby loves burritos. Like I said, I wanna try other items on the menu. So, we'll be back.
4	Somehow the best way I can describe this place is CRAZY, UNLIKE NO OTHER.  What's better than Chinese Food and Mexican Food?  How about the 2 mixed together:)  Tacos topped with Bulgogi, Burritos filled with Bulgogi and a side of fried rice (WTH), fries topped with Bulgogi.  Oh man my mouth is watering writing this review.  Fun, Friendly Staff and A MUST for all Food Adventurers.  Until Next time KoMex
5	Love, love, love this place.  The food is always amazing.  High quality ingredients,  fresh and delicious!!!!
5	ate at koemx last year and made sure we would eat here again this year, we are from hawaii, so day after thanksgiving we had lunch here, last year it was a smaller location this is a larger restaurant they have two locations.  The fusion of korean and mexican is so genious they complement each other so well.  we had spicy pork, kim chee tacos, a large burrito with everything in it and the best nachos everand side orders of kim chee.  please open one up in hawaii so we dont have to long for the food all year.  this place is really a must try, we were served by the owner herself, the service was quick, clean, and prices reasonable, especially the portions are so large, you can try a variety of things and your bill will still be affordable, oh also tacos are only 2.00 dollars and you can have it with kim chee delicious.hawaii people you will love this place it really reminds you of the cooking we are accustomed to here in the islands a real melting pot of different ethnic cooking,  just so comfy and delicious
5	What a great strip mall find! On our way back to the hotel after a soccer game and the boys took over. The price was great, burritos were even better and they had spam musubi! We will be back every time we play at Ed Fountain park.
5	Korean fusion with Mexican. What the! But wow, it's pulled off nicely. My wife and I split the meals and had a lot left over, big portions at good prices. The service was pleasant and attentive, the restaurant is small, basic, but clean. But onto the food: The chips were delish! Not your basic thin chips. And they include guacamole at no cost. There are three menus, Korean, Mexican, and Fusion.Fusion flautas with bulgogi meat. Heavenly. Three large flautas and seasoned guacamole & sour cream side. Fusion Burrito. Good, not knock your socks off, but good. I'll just eat more flautas. Bulgogi fries.....Yummy! More like nachos but with fries and Komex goodness. All this, and a coke for $25. We'll be back. Oh yes, we'll be back.
5	I LOVE this place! Every trip I take to vegas I have to stop by here.. Its truly amazing!  Must try!!!
2	Service was good. But not sure if it lives up to the hype. I'm from Cali, so our standards for fusion food, especially anything with Mexican, is pretty high. I had the bugogi nachos with Kimchi... And, hmmm.... how do i say this: just like the desert in Vegas.... the food is pretty....dry.
4	Good food, good service,  food cooked to order, can't go wrong with any choices and price is reasonable. One downside is they don't have  TO GO menu you have to go on the internet to look at the menu to order.
4	First Korean-Mexican fusion place my girlfriend and I have been to.  We got the bulgogi fries and an order of rice and 2 meats.  Food was good!  Service was attentive as well.  No complaints here! :)
2	I really wanted to really like this place.  Alas, it's just average.  I ordered the shrimp tacos, fish tacos, kimchee fried rice with shrimp, and nachos.  It was all fair.  The rice had a nice egg on top and tasted reminiscent of kimchee, but the shrimp (for which I paid extra) were non-existent.  Also, it lacked flavor and the rice was flabby.  When I think of Korean food, never does flabby rice darken my thoughts...The tacos were pretty good, although the tortilla was too thick for my liking.  The nachos were good, but forgettable.  Also the area of town, and specifically the parking lot, are nightmares.  So I likely won't go back, but OTOH I wouldn't speak ill of the place either if someone suggested going....
5	After I devoured my meal in under 10 minutes, I texted my cousin (who recommended the place):"Why is this place SO good?!"Not only that but it's also SO cost efficient after being used to being gauged while staying on the strip. KoMex is a fantastic little hole in the wall that is probably most well known to locals and also out of town foodies like me and my cousin. The inside is clean, well lit and full of the mom and pop/hole in the wall vibe. The server is also the host/cashier/everything but a cook so please be patient. We ordered:- Beef Bulgogi tacos: Wow, just wow. Perfectly cooked and seasoned beef neatly tucked in a corn tortilla. What took it to the next level was that the lettuce/tomatoes were marinated in a special type of vinaigrette that was part savory and citrusy at the same time. I've never tasted that type of flavor before in a taco but man was it phenomenal. - Kimchi fried rice with spam: Another fav. When I order this at Korean places, it can get super greasy but Komex got this shit down right. Right amount of spice, seasoning and spam to keep me shoveling in the rice spoonful after spoonful.- Chow Fettucine with veggies: Loved this dish. It was nicely seasoned with just the right amount of soy and the veggies had a slight crisp. I would order this again but with beef and also a full order!Definitely  coming back here the next time I am in town. Totally worth venturing off the strip for some good quality local grub!
2	Dammit, I really really wanted to like this place, and I still do want to, but it just didn't hit the mark for me. The restaurant is clean and neat, and the service was good. We were the only table in the entire restaurant for a good while before a few other tables shuffled in. We ordered the enchiladas with beef, pork AND chicken, a spicy pork burrito, beef bulgogi flautas, and kim chi fried rice. Everything was JUST okay, but I didn't get the fusion part at all. Other than the fried rice, everything tasted just plain Mexican to me, and not exceptional Mexican either. I didn't get the Korean fusion in any of our dishes at all.  In addition, all of the meat in the enchiladas tasted the same. I couldn't tell the difference between the pork and chicken at all, not even by looking at it. The kimchi fried rice was the best out of everything we ordered. It was flavorful with a hint of kimchi and the fried egg on top was a great touch. Sadly, the meal was extremely forgettable and I probably won't be returning. :(
5	Awesome service and taste!You must try new taco taste in Vegas.My daughter and I also like Kimchi Fried rice.Fish and shrimp tacos are the best!!
4	went here today with my son and his girlfriend, we had the buldogis fries and the buldogis and spicy pork cheesesteaks.  I thought they were absolutely yummy and my son loved the spicy pork.  It was sooooo much food we took half of it home.  They were very friendly and service was great.  We will def be back to try other menu items.
5	Just amazing! I have never experienced a better fusion than Korean Mexican food. I absolutely love this place! I go here on every trip to Vegas! The Fusion Nacho's are incredible! I have had every Fusion item on the menu! Everyone is worth trying! My favorite is the lettuce wrap because I can eat healthy while at the same time eat something amazing! Give it a try!
5	Love this hole-in-the-wall just off the strip.  Can't complain about delicious and CHEAP food!!!Big fan of the Fusion Tacos!!  I tried the Pork Belly and Beef Bulgogi ones.Kimchi Fried Rice with Spam was very tasty but a tad greasy for me.Chow Fettuccine was basically Chow Mein w/fettuccine... get it?The only thing I wish I did get was the Fusion Nachos!!!!  Next time I'm back in Vegas, I will dine on this!!
4	The place is a whole in the wall but the service and food was excellent. Had the fried rice and it had a very good flavor. The fusion between Mexican and Korean was genius. Excellent for lunch time
5	Super yummy and non fast food! Fast service and excellent quality! Mexican fusion! Love love love!! Service is super friendly too!
