4	Tom Colicchio is another culinary genius. This Las Vegas outpost of his original NYC Craft Restaurant is everything you want it to be in Vegas. Great ambience, lots of candles, and the same exciting menu. We just kept ordering more Kobe beef flank steak - and of course all of the fixings! Drank some HUGE wine here - nothing but Cab with this meal - and the bill was as HUGE as the wine!
5	Craftsteak in the MGM is truly a dining experience.   You will not find a better dining experience that this.   The restaurant is lit perfectly with soft mood lighting.  Seating is laid out perfectly as to not crowd you next to other patrons.   The bar is well stocked and pours a proper drink.   The wine selection is outstanding.   If you are unsure of what you'd like to order for wine, don't be afraid to ask the wine steward for suggestions.   They know every wine and can suggest a bottle that matches your meal and your wallet.The salad course is always a winner.   A personal favorite is the blackened red pepper in olive oil dressing.   Another is the Arugila salad.    You simply cannot beat their Kobe Steak.   It's expensive, but you know where the money went.   You do not really even need a knife, it just melts in your mouth.   Simply wonderful.   Desserts are very tasty and refreshing.   Although, the portions are big enough that it's hard to even think about dessert. It's not cheap.   Expect to pay around $150 a person, but it's money well invested.**** Update 08-May-08 *****We had another lovely meal at Craftsteak.    The Kobe tasting menu is top notch!   However, my wife pointed something out.   A diner sitting behind me had asked for ketchup!   To the waiter's credit, he brought out a nice jar of ketchup.   But I had to believe the diner should have had his steak taken from him and someone should have given him a hamburger.    The steaks at Craftsteak have never needed anything more than the what they were served with.
4	Craftsteak is one of the better steak houses I have eaten at.  The wait staff was attentive to my table and answered all questioned I had. I ordered the fillet mignon and my friend had the Kobe steak.  If you go there, get the Kobe steak, it is way tastier than the fillet Mignon.  It almost melts in your mouth due to the fat of the meat.   My fillet mignon could have used a little bit more salt or rub though.  The broccoli side dish was a little salty, but the asparagus was great.
5	Great experience here. Kobe steak was one of the best I've had. Spinach salad was fantastic. Nice atmosphere, solid service. You get what you pay for.
4	Very surprised.  My first thoughts when making reservations at Craft were pretty much the same as when I made them for restaurants such as Bouchon, Fleur De Lys and Daniel Boulod--the meal is going to be horrible.  Definitely a shock.  First off, the dining room is lovely. The service is impeccable, and the food speaks for itself.  The three of us each ordered appetizzers, entrees and sides.  We started off with the sweetbreads with an onion soubise and pickled red onions--divine.  The lobster bisque, which was up to par with some of the best lobster bisques I've ever had. And the seared foie gras with fig compote--not too bad.  We shared four different meats, the filet, new york, kc, and bison.  Beside the sauces being a bit lacking, everything was delicious.  I will definitely return.
2	Truly disappointing.  At $78 for a poterhouse for two, I expected something at least as good as Outback Steakhouse.  But what my friend and I got was a steak that looked really good, but tasted oh so mediocre.  The steak lacked any kind of juiciness and at one part of the filet portion had this gummy, sticky consistency.  Not something you'd expect from a expensive, well known steakhouse.  The only thing that saved the steak was the sauce bernaise, which was excellent.  But in my opinion, a great steak should not need the help of sauce to taste good.The rest of the meal was hit/miss.  The quail was one of the best I've tasted.  The Frisee salad was horrible -- way too much blue cheese.  the Hen of the Woods mushroom was pretty good.but after all, this is a steak place and should be rated on its steak.  If the steak cost $20/person, I would give it 3.5 stars.  But at almost $40/person, 2 is the most this place deserves.
4	Surf and Turf! Surf and Turf!The lobster was buttery and yummy and came in the perfect proportion. The steak was cooked exactly how I wanted it and was perfect.I liked the fact that the menu had prix fixe options as well as a la carte. We ordered a few side dishes for the whole table, so it was nice to try bites of multiple sides. They were all good, but the sweet potato puree was delicious.A few people at the table got lobster bisque as the first course. They said it was great and filled with lobster, but too heavy to eat right before steak. The service was attentive and very helpful.The atmosphere could have been better. It was so big and didn't feel very intimate. It almost felt a little cafeteria like.There was a small group of us and the table shape wasn't condusive for coversation. The bill was pretty big, but actually not as bad as I thought it would be with five people and wine.
5	This is the best restaurant at which I have ever eaten. I went with my boyfriend for my birthday dinner and we were treated like royalty. I ordered the Kobe fillet mignon. It was $110 but I've never eaten a piece of meat like it. Just phenomenal. He got chicken, which was by far the best chicken I'd ever eaten, as well. We shared yukon gold potato puree and green beans. The beans were a bit salty, but that's the only compliant I have about the entire night. The service was impeccable. We're only 21 and they didn't make us feel inferior or anything. It was obvious that we're young but it didn't matter. I'd never been served so well in my life.The actual restaurant is beautiful. Dark, romantic ambience. We didn't have dessert or drinks. We looked at the dessert menu and it looked delicious but we were so full that there was no way we could fit it in!My boyfriend paid so I don't know the exact total, but for two people, expect to pay well over $200, obviously depending on what you get. But please please please, if you have the money, DO experience Tom Coloccio's masterpiece of a restaurant. It was incredible!
5	Three times I've been here. Each time I've had a great experience. I absolutely love the chef's tasting menu. The tasting menu was an assortment of lettuce salad. Roasted peppers, diver scallops, quail, hanger steak, free range chicken, pureed potatoes, MmMMm and their white corn when it's in season....you gotta get. Now I'm not a corn person because I don't like to see it. BUT MAN it's sooooo sweet and flavorful!. I had the Ribeye here as well....cooked to perfection. Along with the Lobster bisque....yea I could sop that up with a biscuit. This restaurant actually opened my eyes to the tasting menus. HOLY CRAP I almost forgot desset. An assortment of sorbet. Fruits, monkey bread, volcano cake....yea. This place made me have a fat day. BUT WHO CARES. Food was fanf*ckingtastic! I tend to eat a lot.....
5	Probably one of the best dinners I have ever had.  My SO, I and another couple came here for dinner.  We were staying the the MGM Grand for one of my SO's yearly conventions and coincidentally our friends were staying there too (but they were staying in the Mansion).  My SO had the Kobe fillet mignon and I had the Kobe flat iron steak.  Both were terrific but my steak had a lot more flavor than the fillet, although the fillet was more tender.  We also had a couple bottles of Harlan Estate Cab and some fantastic port.  The food and wine were incredible.    The casino was picking up the bill (thanks to our friend's and their love of gambling) so we gladly paid the gratuity which was ONLY $400.
5	This is the place for those of us who are not into "Steak houses". Craftsteak manages to be a great restaurant, despite its name and category. How do they pull that off?  For example, rather than bringing you a carrot the size of a baby's arm, or a potato the size of a football, like "some" steak houses do, they bring you fresh veggies that actually taste good. The corn is not to be missed.  The mashed potatoes are the best in the world.  The entrees too are excellent. Try the salmon for a change of pace.  The elegance of the room, the bar and the crowd set the mood for a fantastic dining experience. Oh yeah, this place is owned by Tom Colichio from Top Chef. No wonder he became a reality star!!
5	This place is definitely worth the money and the experience.  My boyfriend and I are very picky eaters, and this is my first rating EVER with 5 stars! Beautiful place, fantastic service, definitely hats off to the chef. My boyfriend bought tickets for KA right in MGM near Craftsteak, and they asked us if we'd like to throw in a 3 course meal at Craftsteak for $50/person, which was supposed to be $100/person, damn was it worth it.  The place doesn't even need to use butter or tons of oil for every dish to make it extremely good, like many other places. I mean, who can't cook well if they're throwing a stick of butter in everything? They didn't even need too much sauce or anything, they had the distinct flavors cooked into each and every bite. The chef's got skill- believe me! When we went, we expected to be given just 3 different dishes per person, which we choose out of a few choices for each course. Instead, they just gave us the whole chef's taster! And it wasn't like every dish was the size of my palm like most expensive places - some were small, but some were large, and we had plenty to take home. It was definitely enough to feed 4. These were the dishes we got:Appetizer:bread - they make it themselves, and they give you 2 kinds! yummmSalad - this was just plain salad with watered down dressing :p the only dish which wasn't superb. But as if you were gonna come here just for salad!Quail - soooo delicious. Tasted like really good steak, yet it was quail!Roasted Red peppers - Considering it was just red pepper slices, it was surprisingly good.Main Course:Diver Scallops - so buttery and fresh you'd never guess you were in a desert.Free range Chicken -  Kind of bland. Okay fine the other dish that wasn't superb.Hangar Steak - thin, salty, peppery crust on the outside, cooked medium rare on the inside. The BEST dish, alongside the quailSide dishes:Yukon Puree - THE most buttery mashed potatoes you'll ever find! There was actually melted butter floating on top of the whole dish. It was so pureed it was like a heavy cream.Braised Asparagus - I've never tasted asparagus that I couldn't stop  eating. It was almost melt-in-my mouth good - cooked for the perfect amount of time, it was neither soggy or hard.Baby shiitake mushrooms - These were SO delicious. They didn't have that aftertaste shiitake mushrooms have, nor that chewy texture.  I could literally eat a huge platter full of just these lil mushrooms. Dessert:OMG they gave us 4 ice cream scoops, each a different flavor: Butter Pecan, Chocolate, Strawberry Sorbet, Kiwi Sorbet. All made from scratch.French Vanilla Cheesecake: THE BEST CHEESECAKE EVER!!!! You HAVE to order this. It was straight melt-in-your-mouth, SO-damn -creamy, SO rich you'd think you wouldn't be able to swallow it, vanilla bean-y and yet, not so sweet like cheap bakeries make it that it hurts your throat. If you don't order this, you're missing out. My mouth's DROOLING from thinking about it! Seriously.Fingerling Donut: rich, buttery, flaky pastry that has its own dipping sauce, which is incredibly tasty. It tasted like a donut, but denser, richer, and more buttery.Fresh Fruit: sliced strawberries and pineapples. Even their fruit was the perfect amount of ripeness and sweetness! You've got to eat here. I'm one picky, hard to please lil bitch..and if I thought it was scrumptious, then believe me. It must be MORE than scrumptious.
3	There are better steakhouses in Vegas. The food was decent but not exceptional. The lobster bisque was outstanding but the same could not be said about the seafood platter, asparagus or the fries. The meat was acceptable. My bone in Rib eye was well cooked but lacked much flavor. This place seems to be a magnet to large corporate parties or groups participating in some conference. In other words, there was a lack of atmosphere. I'd rather go to StripSteak, N9NE, Delmonico, SW or Prime.
2	It was good but I expected so much more.  I was craving steak and getting to go to Tom Colicchio's famous high end restaurant meant my expectations were high.  We ordered three different steaks and sides so we could get a good sample.  Out of the three steaks, only the Ribeye is something I would have applauded, and it's pretty hard to mess up a Ribeye.  I hate to say it but I've had better steak at Outback Steakhouse.With all that said I would have given this place a solid three stars, but it was the service that took it down one more.  Three steaks, three sides, a bottle of wine, a check that was over $400 and we were pretty much ignored by the waitstaff.  Patty at Denny's down the street had better customer service.I hate to say it but I can't see myself trying this place again, nor would I recommend it if someone asked "I'm going to Vegas, where should we eat?"Sorry Tom.
4	Craftsteak is one of my favorite places to do "fake dinner", this is my own made up thing...instead of having a full on dinner in the dining room, you can sit at the bar order soup and an appetizer and a nice glass of wine, and you have enough food for dinner but aren't bogged down by the big dining room prices or food. I love this at Craftsteak before a concert or before going out. The lobster bisque has been one of my favorite things for years. They have a really nice bar/sitting area that is perfect for a group of four or so to have drinks or dessert.
3	It was good, not great. I have traveled the US seeking great Steak Houses, this one did not live up the the price tag. The wine recommendation was poor, and the Kobe was good, but prepared to mild for my taste. Great ambience however.
5	Amazing.  I thought I had died and gone to heaven and I was only having the 1st couse of the $145/person tasting menu-Appetizer to start-Grilled hawaiian shrimp, variety of Beets,  Arugula and cucumber in a light vinegaret, variety of Heirloom tomatoes w/fresh basilEntree: Kobe flat iron grill steak, and Kobe rib-eye both so tender and so flavor, I wanted to savor every single bit and last but not least was the Lobster stewed in saffron butter (OMG, the meat was juicy, sweet and there portions were very generous.  The entrees came with sides of the smoothest and most buttery mash potatoes, chanterelles, variety of baby carrots.Dessert:3  flavors of sorbet-coconut, pineapple and cantalope and 3 flavors of ice cream-peanut butter (not the jiffy kind, this was more like a peanut toffee), chocolate, and caramel.  Fingerling donuts with a caramel dipping sauce, Chocolate lava cake (gooey chocolate surround by nuts), blueberry tart (the tart was so butter and so good I thought my arteries were going to clog) and finally fresh fruit which was the blueberries(so sweet) and pineapple chunks.  I can't say enough about the skills the chefs must have but this is the best dinner experience I have ever had.  It was worth it in the quality of food and the service was impeccable.  Highly recommendl
3	This place has pretty good Kobe beef, but I still prefer Ruth Chris's or The Cellar.The decor of the LA Craft looks a lot better though.
5	Tom Colicchio's restaurant is amazing! The whole dining experience was what I was hoping for, especially since it was my lady's bday. We got the Ka show and dinner menu with the wine pairing ($20 extra per). There was so much food, to be shared family style, that we couldn't finish it all( a first). The chicken was a little overcooked, but the rest of the meal made up for it.  My GF usually hates scallops, but their seadive scallops won her over. "I never knew they could taste like this" was her exclamation. In short, the dishes were delicious.The decor was warm and inviting.  The service was on point, very helpful. I will definitely eat here again when in Vegas. Thank you Chef!
5	I apologize in advance for gushing...but I likely won't be able to help myself.  The meal I had at craftsteak last week was one of my top five meals ever...easily...and it was Vegas Restaurant Week.  Collicchio's menu had it goin' on.  The best part was that there was no choice involved because you were served EVERYTHING on the special menu.   A first course of roasted red peppers, arugula and some of the best prosciutto ever cured was paired with a delightful sparkling rose.  The main course was a trio of kobe beef sirloin, tender roasted chicken, and grilled diver scallops accompanied by yukon gold whipped potatoes (yum!), roasted sweet corn and sauteed shitake mushrooms and served with a perfect shiraz that surprisingly paired perfectly with each component.  The dessert was spectacular...and I am not usually a huge fan of sweet things.  Pineapple sorbet, mint chocolate chip ice cream, chunks of cantaloupe and pineapple, chocolate molten cake, and (my favorite) sweet monkey bread with a light caramel dipping sauce.  This course was paired with a lovely sparkling muscat.   W-O-W!And wimpy portions these were not.  All courses were served family style and with just me and my fiance eating, we had plenty left over.  In explaining how full we were to his best friend he said, "I left meat on my plate."  If you knew him you would understand that this has likely never happened!Of course we did make the mistake of arriving early to sit at the bar and enjoy some appetizers.  The grilled Hawaiian shrimp were fabulous!  We also tried the kobe beef tartare, which was ok, but didn't blow us away.  The consistency was pate-like and I think we were both expecting chunks.   For two cocktails and two appetizers we ended up spending more than it was for one person to enjoy all of the aforementioned food and wine pairings.  The bar bill was $90 with tip, but the full menu was $50.07 plus $20.00 for the wine...a true steal!I can't say enough about the service at craftsteak, either.  Fabulous!  The servers, bartenders, and hostesses alike were all informative, professional, relaxed, and definitely not stuffy.  The restaurant itself is beautiful and very classy. Lovely...super...totally worth it!  The regular menu is definitely pricey, so try to hit one of these deals or eat an appetizer somewhere else beforehand if you don't want to splurge.  If you do, go for it and enjoy!
5	The food is really good and really expensive, but for a really good reason.  I was with a large party, so our food took forever.  Literally, two hours.  I ended up leaving to go to a club, but the Kobe fillet was even good cold when I ate it later that night in my room.  How I got back to my room, well that's another story...
4	Hubby and I ate at Craftsteak recently for our anniversary dinner for 2 reasons: I am a serious carnivore, and we both are big fans of Top Chef.  The decor was interesting, but there were parts of the restaurant that were just too dark. I was glad we were seated in a better lighted main dining room. The service was stellar the entire night.For an appetizer we had the Hawaiian prawns, which were good, but maybe a tad salty and chewy for my taste. The cured meat platter was a huge hit with my husband. It had about 4 varieties of salamis and prosciutto along with soft pretzel mini-baguettes. The purple peppercorn dipping sauce was amazing, with a very complex flavor.For his entree, Hubby had the Kobe flat iron steak, which he really liked, but to me, it wasn't that great- maybe he had it too rare for my taste. I had the rib-eye, which had a slightly sweet crust that was a bit too blackened  in parts. The meat itself was perfectly cooked (medium-rare), and was delicious over all. It was far too much for one person. As side dishes, we had the Yukon gold puree (delicious) and a mushroom mix (not on the menu but offered by our waitress). The hen-of-the-woods was our favorite by far. I will definitely get just that next time- the other mushrooms were fine, but not outstanding like the hen.For dessert, we tried the ice cream & sorbet sampler. There were 6 reasonably sized scoops: chocolate (good), peanut butter (outstanding), caramel (OK), melon (great if you like cantaloupe), coconut (good), and strawberry (outstanding).All in all, with a great tip, and one cocktail apiece, the damage was $260.
4	I plan on just having a double order of their steak tartare the next time I come here.  Absolutely fantastic!
2	Went to craftsteak with a group of about 7 people.  The steak and pork were overdone and way too salty.  We had all been to our share of steak houses in NY and it just seemed like the prices were not justified by the food.
5	Love this place!  I was kind of intimidated to dine here because it's very fancy looking; upscale.  The pricing is on the expensive side, but it's Vegas, what isn't?The steak (I had grilled ribeye) is amazing, as I'd expect it to be at a steakhouse.  I was very very impressed with my steak.  The service is impeccable.  I know I look young and immature :( but the wait-staff treated me like anyone else, which I liked.  Reading these posts, I just found out it's Tom Colicchio of Top Chef fame's restaurant... no wonder!  I'd definitely come back again.
4	We've been touring high-end steak houses for the past year or so and Craft was just above average.  Food was good but very basic.  Roasted fillet was the first time I'd seen that preparation and the taste was outstanding.  We had the sommelier choose wine for our dinner and he generally did well; 2002 Cadus from Argentina and a very bold 2004 Quinta Do Crasta from Portugal.  Not a bad choice, but we've definately found better in Vegas.  Strip House and Del Frisco's both are well above Craftsteak.
5	made reservations for 5:15pm (the earliest they could seat you) because we had to catch a 7:30pm show in new york new york. They seated us right away and we were given a menu. We ordered the prosciutto ($14) for appetizer, which was basically a ginormous plate full of proscuitto slices. For some reason I thought it was going to be served with something else, not just plain prosciutto. However, it was the best tasting prosciutto I had in my life, recalling back to the taste of fresh ham from my childhood in Bolivia, though thinner and chewier, and possibly fresher. entree: I ordered the bison ($39), and my bf ordered the kobe flat iron steak ($58, if i remember correctly). The bison was tastier than beef. I chose it because I read it on yelp somewhere that bison is just really good. I thought I'd try it at Tom's restaurant so I could blame him if it sucked. It didn't. It was juicy, tender, lean, and it had a kick to it. My bf's kobe was a hit. He said that it doesn't hit you (how good it is) until you're about to swallow. I'd say the taste and texture of kobe definitely develops as you chew it. Perhaps next time, we can try the wagyu (still have yet to try it).For sides, we got the yukon mashed potatoes ($11), and the asparagus ($11). Next time, I'd just get the mashed potatoes and save myself an extra $11. The asparagus was great, too, but it wasn't to die for like the prosciutto or the mashed potatoes (which also tasted like my childhood mashed potatoes that were made with fresh cow milk and loads of butter).Our server asked us what kind of wine, if any, we would like to pair with our steak. I asked him what went well with bison, since I never had it before. He suggested the pinot noir. I personally like zinfandel with everything so he gave me samples of each to taste (I chose the zinfandel, $17). My bf sampled the merlot and the shiraz and went with the shiraz ($18). The total bill was $204, tax & tip included.the experience? priceless. I'd say this is the best steak house we've gone to so far. The only pet peeve I have is eating a steak that gets colder and colder as you eat. I'm sure there is SOME way to combat that, considering that some steakhouses serve your steak on 500 degree plates or cast iron skillets that are still hot. We told our server that we had a show to catch and we were out by 6:45pm. However, the wait time for our food was about 45 minutes. We're not the most patient people but I think this is somehow normal in vegas.I'd totally go back, and with more money next time.
4	a 3 hour meal with friends - my favorite thing in the world - would typically get 5 stars for just that in itself, but i have to be a good critic of the whole package and so i'm going to reduce a star for a couple of things.a busy Sat night in Vegas, so it's to be expected, but our table wasn't ready when we were, no worries though, we all had cocktail in hand. also we were not seated in the main room and it was cold and really no ambiance. again, no worries because we provided our own atmosphere, but definitely need to put in the request for the main dining room if you head over there.as for the food, it was excellent - porterhouse to share is the way to go! and i loved my yukon gold puree (i'm a carbs girl, what can i say). a very good bread pudding as well.stay at the MGM and eat at Craftsteak!
4	I really enjoyed Craftsteak.  It's a great place if you're with a group of friends, as you can order a bunch of sides and share them, family style.  My steak was excellent, although overcooked at first - I sent it back and they got my new filet out quickly.  Good service, but pacing is very leisurely, which we expected.  If you've got tickets for a 10:00 show, you'll want to start dinner no later than 6:00.
5	Oh...my...gosh....This was the BEST meal of my life.  After KA we had dinner reservations at Craftsteak, which is Chef Collichio's (from Top Chef :) ) restaurant. We decided on one really nice dinner during our trip and I am SUPER happy we decided on craftsteak.We had a 3 course meal which included the BEST scallops I've ever had in its first course.  The kobe steak tartar was absolutely amazing as well.  For main course we had kobe skirt steak, kobe ribeye and 2 pounds of maine lobster cooked in saffron butter.  With each bite I seriously had to grab Kieran's leg and squeeze it because of the excitement.  For dessert we had a chocolate mold cake, sorbet/ice cream, fresh fruit and a cherry/peach cobbler.  All were very good, I found a seriously liking for the ice cream/sorbet combinations.The service was exquisite, I love how they took their time.  The ambiance of the restaurant was very nice, very chic and the menu just kept it simple and delicious.I understand now why Chef Collichio is so admired and why he has the right to "judge" all the chefs on Top Chef.  He knows food, he knows flavor.
5	Of all the Vegas steakhouses, this is my favorite.  You can actually pick between dry-aged and wet-aged and grain fed and grass fed.  Their dry-aged steaks are excellent and my friends who like wet-aged say they are very good as well.An edge that Craftsteak has are its excellent side dishes.  The only one who outdoes the Yukon mashed potatoes is Robuchon and not by very much.  The only restaurant that has better creamed spinach is the DC Palm which has a different recipe for creamed spinach than all the other Palms in the U.S.There was one occassion where the service was a bit slow but other than that it has always been an outstanding restaurant.  It is expensive but worth it.
3	If you're going to have Kobe Beef you might as well go for broke and do the tasting menu here. It was an awesome value for the amount of food included. My husband and I shared 4 apps.: 2 salad like things, the Hawaiian prawns (sweet and buttery) and a charcuterie platter. For the sides, we were given mashed potatoes (kinda runny and pasty), sauteed mushrooms and grilled asparagus. And for the meat, oh baby the meat...Kobe fillet and sirloin, cooked and seasoned perfectly. It was truly one of the most succulent meals we've had in a long time. Yeah, sure the sides and salads could be considered forgettable and how can a meat and potatoes place actually mess up mashed potatoes? But really, compared to how the food scene was in Vegas 10 years ago, this place could be considered fantastic. But I did say, "could." So here's my beef (ha-ha, get it?), the dessert. I'll remember this because it just seemed so off. We got monkey bread with caramel sauce (the bread was not golden enough, in fact it looked kinda anemic in the darkly lit dining room), molten chocolate cake (ho-hum, I might as well have gotten a vanilla creme brulee), sorbet and gelato quartet ( no fireworks here) and a sliced Asian pear (that's right, sliced, not even nicely sliced, with the seeds still in it. And no, it wasn't even poached). Something definitely fell short in the kitchen.My other beef is the service, my biggest pet peeve. So this is how it usually goes, servers welcome you in, give you a menu, talk you up and completely sell you on the experience that you are about to have. They get you your order, get your drinks, even go next door to another restaurant to get you a bottle of sake because they don't carry any and once they drop the entrees, the main event, it's like a black hole suddenly appears in the middle of the dining room. Where did the server go? Is that him, oops my bad, that was just an illusion. It kinda looks like him but he keeps disappearing and acting so uninterested in you that it can't be him. My advice to servers is this, follow through with your diners man. You could have made up for the bad dessert experience if you even bothered to check if we wanted coffee! So, sad to say, it was a good and bad experience, I would have loved to give this place 4 stars because the beef was just so amazing. This place definitely suffered from bad service. Despite the fact that our guy was nice enough to go next door for us to get us some sake.
2	I picked this place for a romantic dinner for our first night in Vegas together.  We only planned on going to one fancy dinner and I did lots of reviewing on yelp to pick someplace great, deciding on Craftsteak after much  deliberation.  My decision was somewhat swayed by the fact that I'm a big fan of Top Chef, and as some of you may know the head judge Tom Collichio is the executive chef of this place.  Well, I think Mr. Tom may need to pack his knives and go.  I was totally disappointed in the food.  We ordered the surf n' turf tasting menu, which was something like $175 each for three courses with wine pairings. We started off with some kind of steak tartare which was not that impressive.  Not bad, but it tasted very strongly of garlic and had no delicacy of flavor.  Not special.  Then came the steak and lobster with a selection of side dishes.  The skirt steak and fillet, both Kobe beef, were well cooked I suppose but not anything better than I've bbq'd up at home.  Not especially tender, not especially well seasoned.  There was a good amount of lobster but it was rubbery and it took some messy work to get half of it out of the shell. The sides included were pomme puree (aka mashed potatoes), sauteed mushrooms, and grilled asparagus.  Seriously.  I order a fancy tasting menu, expecting the best the chef has to offer and he sends out friggin' mashed potatoes?  How is that special?  How is that the best you have to offer? The dessert was some kind of chocolate cake and a selection of sorbets (one of which was red bull flavored.  Seriously?  Red bull is nasty, it's flavor only slightly improved by vodka)  The wine paired with the steak was good.  The other two were unremarkable, and the dessert wine they paired with the chocolate cake was some kind of Sauternes, which I consider to be an inappropriate choice for chocolate.  A late harvest Zin, port, or some sherry would have been much better.  As you've probably gathered I was completely unimpressed.  I'm not the type to complain to management about such things, which is why I'm venting to you all here.  (thank you yelp)  When I pay top dollar for a tasting menu I expect something really special, high quality and creative.  This was none of the above.  I felt seriously ripped off and pist off when leaving this place and the feelings have not subsided.  If Tom had been judging this meal I think he would agree.  He needs to go check on the people running this place because they're ruining his good name.  If you're looking for a interesting and delicious tasting menu from one of the excellent Chefs in Vegas, choose someone else!
4	"Have you ever done 69?  It's the BEST."  It's the red head sitting at the table to the right of me talking with her girlfriends.  And no, this wasn't some metaphor for how good the steak was.  She was talking about sex.  "What about sex when your legs in the air? The motion--it's so amazing." The four of them--chic young professionals, like the crew from Sex in the City minus ten years, impeccable make-up and evening wear--could have passed for porn stars.  And no, I'm not a chauvinist.  On the table to the left of me, there were 8 salivating males, a pack of alpha dogs, peering over constantly like hungry jackals as if our table was completely transparent.It was just a matter of time one of the guys mustered the courage to leapfrog our table and exchanged a few words with the ladies, "Where are you ladies going tonight?  I heard great things about TAO.  Yeah, you should check out LAX."  He went nowhere fast.A few minutes later a couple other guys came over from the table behind us to say hi.  Before you know it, the girls were getting free scoops of sorbet.  On the way out, two of the girls even went to another table to sit on an old guys lap and take pictures, even though his wife was at the table.There's certainly no scarcity of meat Craftsteak.In fact, it's a food marathon.  Dinner at Tom Colicchio's Vegas establishment was hearty to say the least.  My girlfriend took me here as a belated celebration for landing my new job.  And my, did we celebrate.  We went for the surf and turf dinner sampler for two which included kobe tartar, tiger prawns, Caesar salad, Kobe skirt steak, Kobe rib eye, a two pound lobster, and desert which included chocolate cake, ice cream, sorbet, and a sugary puff pastry with a sweet dipping sauce.I could go on and on about the taste and presentation of each dish.  Take my word for it, it was pretty good.   The obvious problem was that we couldn't finish it all.  The waiter reaffirmed, "Nobody ever finishes the sampler dinner."That left a bittersweet taste in my mouth.  Dinner and drinks came out to four bills.  The waiter could have warned us that we had ordered enough food for three or that we were going to walk out with the most expensive doggie bag ever (luckily our hotel had a fridge).  Had we been served an adequate amount of food, I would have been a lot happier--Craftsteak loses one star for overkill.
5	God bless you Tom Collichio, your bald head, and your delicious steak. No longer will I roll my eyes when you make pompous comments on Top Chef -- you really do know what you are talking about when it comes to food.  My steak was like an orgasm on a plate, so so delicious. The potatoes dishes (I had two, so what if I like carbs) were fantastic, and the wine list was filled with some of my favorite semi-obscure California varietals. Yes, THIS is why I gave up being a vegetarian and the fact that the meal was on someone else's dime (that would be my parents) made it all the sweeter.
5	Why do you think you are entitled to be head judge of the best cooking competition on tv?  What gives you the right to chastise the contestants over every minute detail?What contributions have you made to this world that make you worthy of even sitting at the same panel as the gorgeous padma and very underrated gail?**take my first bite of my dry-aged bone-in medium rare rib-eye**ok...you're good....you're really good...you're light a cigarette while sprawled across the trashed bed in my boxers smiling so wide my cheeks hurt GOOD!!! (and i dont even smoke!!)After the first bite I let out an oh so inappropriate but oh so fitting moan and every muscle in my body relaxed and I slouched down in my chair like I was 15 again and back in my friend's guest bedroom feeling like I was on top of the world. Everything was impeccable-the sides of mushrooms, asparagus, corn, potatoes, the wine, the service and decor but ALL PALED in comparison to that preposterously perfect piece of meat that I devoured unrelentingly. You just answered all the critics who said you "couldnt win the big one" by engineering a picturesque 91 yard drive in 1:34 going 11-11 passing capping it all off with a perfect pass down the seam into the heart of the Tampa 2 to your TE who falls into the end zone with 00:00 showing on the clock.You, my friend, are a god amongst men.Wait...come to think of it, the line cook who prepared my steak is a god, youre still just a pretentious douche. And youre bald.  hahaha...im so clever.
4	We went to Craftsteak on Christmas Day for dinner. We had eight people in our party, so we were able to sample a variety of items. We had reservations at 5:45 pm and were seated promptly. Setting: the restaurant itself was very attractive and pleasant.Noise level: average for a higher end restaurant.Wait staff: Friendly, knowledgable, and helpful. Were not overly intrusive and were willing to split the bill in half, giving us two separate charges.Food: Very good to excellent. Tried veal, ribeye (both the individual 16 oz and the 32 oz, bison, hanger steak, and veal. Got the quail, Maui onions, asparagus, sweet potato and mashed potatoes. The dessert was chocolate, monkey bread, and sorbet. As mentioned overall the food was terrific. The only marginal item was the bison. Three people ordered the bison and one of the three was bit overcooked. The best item was the hanger steak, really juicy, tender, and tasty. Having been Ruth Chris, Morton's, and a variety of high end steakhouse in our local area, I think that the quality of the food (main course and sidedishes) at Craftsteak is a least one or two notches above these other establishments.Cost: Average of $80 per person-without any alcohol.In summary, if you want a really good steak and are willing to pay the price, Craftsteak is a good choice.The four stars is for the quality of the food (very high) and the cost(also very high). Would have given it 5 stars if the cost had been $10-20 less per person.
4	I really really wanted to love Craftsteak because I actually like Tom Collichio on Top Chef. We ordered the American Wagyu surf and turf and NY strip steak, with potato gratin and sauteed spinach sides. The beef was delicious but wasn't quite deserving of the steep price tag. We finished off with the liquid chocolate cake; again, it was good but not quite the spectacular success I expected and desired to see out of good ole Tom. So the overall experience was surprisingly flat and just not quite there. Even the dimly lit ambience and round booth (I love booths!), which I usually appreciate made the place seem boring and sedated. The one saving grace (and the reason why I didn't go as low as three stars) was the service. Our waiter was attentive and helpful in explaining the different types of Kobe (American, Australian and Japanese).
4	Pleasantly surprised by Craftsteak.  Actually, we ended up here over a mix-up in recommendations.  Nevertheless, I was quite impressed.  The waitstaff was great!  I was really impressed with our server Marvin.  He made great recommendations and was attentive to our requests.  For example, during the ordering we were going to order the potatoes au gratin and the jeremiah artichokes but Marvin pointed out that the two veggies might be too starchy.  So we ordered the green beans instead of the artichokes which were delicious.  The potatoes au gratin were okay, nothing special.  The fois gras was delectable.  At first, I didn't really enjoy the candied grapefruit chutney on top but when I ate it together with the fois gras, the combination of flavors was amazing!  Pretty neat combination.  Then, the porterhouse steak for two came out and this was really good and a lot of meat!  Medium rare and tender, just the way I like it.  Again, Marvin made a suggestion for dessert, the bread pudding which was a perfect combo of subtle sweetness and creamy milk and vanilla.  The cappucino was watery, odd for a restaurant to mess that up but oh well.  One particular thing that made me really appreciate the waitsaff was that since there was so much food we got a takeout box.  In the bag was two sets of plastic utensils and a stack of napkins.  I thought that was a nice touch.  I definitely recommend craftsteak to those who are looking for a great steakhouse in Las Vegas.
4	My friends and I were just walking around MGM and wandered upon Craftsteak. They were able to seat a table of 6 without reservations on a Saturday night. We were in flip flops and t-shirts, and I felt a little under-dressed. I had the New York Strip. I had asked for medium, but it was cooked a little more like well. Disappointing, but I still ate it cuz I was starving. For side dishes, we got a few to share. The star side dish, hands down, was the Maui Onions. Those things just MELTED in your mouth. They were soooooo freaking good that when the waitress came back, we ordered more Maui Onions. I don't think I've ever had onions taste as sweet or as juicy. Just melts. If i were to go back to this place, it would be for those onions.
4	Ambiance was stunning and romantic... we were celebrating being newlyweds... when we arrived we had a handwritten letter congratulating us from the staff. Service was divine. HOWEVER... we can't give 5 stars for our experience. We also have a feeling that Mr. Tom would not have been exactly pleased with the way some of our items came out.  The side of potato's weren't cooked enough. they were still hard in the center... the seasoning was delish... so we are sure that if fully cooked... they'd be great.  Steak was fine... We liked our Ruth's Chris experience better. The "warmed plates" and skillets, were not very warm, and our steaks were quickly chilled. The sweet potato side was cinnamon-y goodness!! The cocktails... Raspberry Martini and the Agave Martini were to DIE for... The Bartender's better work it!!!!!! We were surprised with a comp'd dessert cause of our nuptials... and the Dessert Chef... WOOOOOHOO!!!! The vanilla bean cheesecake melted in our mouths... and it even said CONGRATS on the plate.So... the ingredients to our main meal were great... we just don't think they were executed the best possible. Maybe the Chef that night?? Who knows...
5	Visited on a Saturday night and was seated promptly.My brother and I went for the prie fix menus with the Kobe rib-eye and flank with mushrooms, yukon gold potatoes, and asparagus. The dinner also came with prawns for appetizers and 4 sorbets/liquid chocolate cake for dessert.The food was great. Very well seasoned so I didn't need to add anything, which is rare. The appetizers were simple but tasty. The meat was perfectly med-rare-med. Both the rib-eye and flank were excellent and were like butter. The sides were tasty as well. The potato puree was awesome and balanced out the meat well. Dessert took some effort after a big meal but it was really good. The sorbet assortment were refreshing and the liquid chocolate cake and creme brulee were ridiculous caloric intake but worth it.The service at Craft stood out to me. Our server's name was Kevin and couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. The staff was very professional and knew what they were doing leading to seamless transitions between courses. Amazingly polite and didn't rush anybody to finish and get the hell out. We got to relax and enjoy it all.Great eating experience from the food to the service to the decor. Would definitely visit again.
5	If I ever came across a situation where I would request a last meal, this would be the place.  Cannot, absoultely cannot say enough amazing, pleasing words about this place.  The ambiance, the service, the food, the wine, the dessert, OH MY GOD..........it's just amazing, absoulutely amazing. Everytime my husband and I go to Vegas, a dinner reservation here is a certain everytime.  In my personal opinion you cannot go wrong with anything on this menu...............next time I'm there, I'm definitely going to do one of the tasting menus
4	Again, another one of those dinners where i just wanted to find a nice bar to have a bite and a glass of wine. i sat at the bar and the service was superb! The sides are huge so its not that great for a party of one (but who ever really does that anyway). I violated the "dont order seafood unless you can either see or smell the ocean rule" -  oysters on the half shell - Kumamotos were the best (from Washington State). Cuidado with the horseradish, it is by far the STRONGEST i've ever had. This stuff is the bomb though. The roasted beet salad was just the way i like it and the argula salad was delish. I only wished they had a salad that mixed the beets, arugula and the shaved fennel. i would have gone straight to salad heaven.  With all that said I paid close to $80 for a glass of wine, oysters and salad. That's Vegas for you.
4	Craftsteak is a nice place to relax with its amber, gold, and brown colored interior. They even had wine flasks lined up along the wall, and a huge painting on the wall that sort of looked like a meteor shower falling into a lake. Of course, this place is a steak house....Unfortunately, I was not able to try the steak here, since I gave up meat for Lent. However, I did order the salmon, and it was very good. The skin was left on, which was lightly crisped, and lemon juice was drizzled all over the salmon. For sides, my friends and I ordered baby spinach, the mashed potatoes, french fries, and mushrooms (Roasted Hen of the Woods, which was VERY GOOD!). The sides were about $11 each, but big enough to share. My friends ordered the Rib Eye, the Filet Mignon, and the Porterhouse. All of them raved about it! Again, this restaurant was comped, so my friends and I decided to eat to our heart's delight! Expect to pay about $50+ for an entree. I will be back for the steak...
4	Superb steak. The quality and flavor of the porterhouse steak that my fiance and I shared was what gets this restaurant a solid 4 star rating.I admit that I wanted to eat here because I love the show "Top Chef" and am a Tom Colicchio fan. But honestly, the steak was truly excellent.Also very good was the lobster bisque and the Caesar salad. Especially the creamy bisque. Great bread and butter. However, the sides were very disappointing - the creamed Yukon golds were underwhelming, the mushroom risotto was too salty, and the garlic and leek potatoes au gratin were too watery. The service was very attentive, although one of the servers was a little pushy about trying to get us to do the Chef's Tasting Menu. A very very expensive restaurant but the steak is superior. My fiance, a red meat connoisseur, declared it was the best steak he has had outside of Peter Luger in Brooklyn, NY. That pretty much says it all.
4	After watching all those Top Chef episodes, I had to just try this place and see if Tom Colichio's flavors "married well."  All the flavors certainly did.  The steaks were fantastic and perfectly looked cooked.  The seasonings were delicious and unique for being "just steak."  The flavors were not overbearing, but definitely not bland.  My sis had the duck confit, which was nicely prepared and flavored.  Probably one of the best duck dishes I have ever tried.  The service was good and I really could not complain. But the one thing that drove me nuts were the steak knives!  They were the most useless knives and were like butter knives with a sharp point.  I guess the good thing was my steak was tender enough that I did not have to hack at it. I would give this place 5 stars, but considering I had Picasso the day before I could not put it in the same category.
3	Ok.I'm going to go against the grain and say I wasn't really thrilled with the place. Granted that pretty much any restaurant at MGM can't go wrong. If there was a place that served smashed ass***** I bet you it'd be the best darn smashed whatsits around.We dined here with two friends we were travelling with and I had high expectations with this place given my experiences dining at its neighbors added to the fact that Tom Chollichio was at the helm.The service was average. Despite the price tag ($150 for just my wifes entree) I never felt like our service was above and beyond.I ordered a plate of prosciutto to start and a filet. The prosciutto was good, but I expected something with it like cheese or bread. Something so I wasn't just cramming slices in my mouth. My steak was relatively bland. I ordered medium  and what I got was pretty rare. I didn't mind enough to send it back, but I was a little shocked that a chef at this high caliper of a restaurant couldn't manage to cook steak to temp. My wife ordered a huge...huge lobster tail, which on the flip side was not only amusingly large, but also very good!The decor seemed to be showing sign of age. Not that I felt that it was out dated, but literally it was falling apart. There was a few rips in the seat fabric of our booth and the wall decorations were worn out.
5	There is a god, and shim resides in the culinary wonders that come out of the kitchen of Craftsteak. I had their Kobe tasting menu, and I barely made it to the Kobe part of the meal! Each course came with 3-4 different items, each better than the one before. With only two of us eating all of this food, it was one hell of a heavenly chore.Standout parts of the tasting menu were the beet salad, the wild mushrooms, and both kobe dishes. my dining parter sure seemed to enjoy the chocolate dessert at the end as well, but since I'm not much of a chocolate fan, I stuck with the decadent berry cobbler and sorbets.I will definitely be going back to Craftsteak. Nice job, Tom!
5	This place is special. We had a party of 8 and each one of us was taken care of beyond what was expected. Before we even sat down they were very helpful. The food was special as was the wine and they were cool when we had a bit much to drink. Awesome experience......
3	So we walked in hoping for that "juicy, bite after bite steak"experience... and were disappointed. The place looks gorgeous, I love the decor and lighting.Modern, clean and dramatic.We has 4 people working our table, which was a little overwhelmingbecause every so often they would check in "is everything to your liking?" but it was 4 different people!! They were nice, but itwas too much.The starters were delicious! Spinach salad and grilled Hawaiianprawns... the spinach was tossed with a heavenly truffle oil, and the prawns were grilled and juicy, lots of flavor. (was surprised that they were served with a side of cocktail sauce , there was a cocktailshrimp item on the menu, but I wanted something hot)We got the Porterhouse for 2 and a side of asparagus and french fries -- wow!! That was a TON of food, by the way - the portions are generous. The side were great, but the meat was not. Our steak lacked flavor and was tasted gamey depending on the bite.It was a big flop and we kept wishing we were having that perfectsteak experience - but it fell flat.Oh well, the wine was good and after we paid $250 we left feeling likethere was something missing... that centerpiece steak just didn't hitthe spot.
5	Have also tried Craft in New York and was very impressed.  I had the NY Strip which was good, but the Rib Eye was unbelievable.  We had a table of eight and were seated very promptly at the reservation time.  Basic appetizers - arugla salad, caesar salad and oysters were all top notch.  The sides were solid - hen of the woods mushrooms, mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, etc.  Overall a great steak experience.Craft is more of a modern and experimental experience, but Craftsteak is one of the best pure steak experiences I've had.
4	we ordered the surf and turf tasting menu with 3 different cuts of kobe beef (skirt, rib-eye, and flat iron) plus we had lobster and king crab. that's just the main course. the appetizers included shrimp, kobe beef tartare, roasted peppers, and an arugula salad. the sides that came with the main course consisted of a potato puree, asparagus, grilled sweet corn, and a trio of sauteed mushrooms. the desserts were overwhelming: bread pudding, cheesecake, creme brulee, molten chocolate cake, fresh fruit, and 6 home made ice cream and sorbets. granted, these were served family style, but we still had about 5 take-out boxes after we finished our meal. i was pleasantly surprised that the restaurant's decor was modern with a manly feel to it.
5	I stay at MGM quite often and never was up for steak  before.After my dinner there I am quite disappointed that I never partook previously in the fabulousness that is craftsteak.I selected the Platinum Kobe tasting menu, this is the middle tasting selection.I am forgetting exactly what was served, but what I do remember was Kobe Beef Tartare, Scallops, Strip, Rib eye, Skirt selections, Potato Puree, Bread Pudding, and Chocolate Lava CakeThe stuff I was forgetting was also superbly prepared but not as memorable to me personally.The service was outstanding and the wait staff was very helpful with the questions I asked.I plan on visiting more of the many top notch steak joints I hear LV has just to see if they can match this meal or do it one better, its going to be hard though.
5	If you decide on eating at Craftsteak, I suggest you come prepared with two things: alot of cash and a huge appetite for meat. The cash, because even though the menu is extensive (items range from about $12 to $130, with most meats being $50 and up), you owe it to yourself to try the 3 course Kobe Tasting Menu at minumum. At $130 per person, it isn't cheap, but when you're done you'll realize that it was money well spent. The appetite, because assuming you've ordered the above, you will be rewarded with the most insanely good, heavenly Kobe steaks on earth along with impressive sides and desserts. Our party of four decided to go big (I don't believe in coming to these caliber restaurants and ordering small) and we were rewarded with Kobe filet mignon, Kobe ribeye, Kobe skirt steak, and Kobe sirloin. Being a chefs' tasting menu, we did not get to decide what starters/sides/cuts/desserts to order, but this made the experience that much more exciting. The entire meal was served family style, giving everyone an opportunity to try everything. The wine list was equally impressive, actually it was more like a book than a list. Apparently there were over 700 wines in it, with some bottles topping over $8000 (we did NOT go this big).Each cut of meat was presented in either a cast iron or stainless steel pan, complete with the most amazing steak sauce reductions. The filet, ribeye, and skirt steak easily could have been the best three cuts of steak I've ever had. The Kobe sirloin seemed pedestrian in comparison, but was easily up there with most cuts at any other top steakhouse. The starters and sides were also very good with the highlights being the Kobe beef tartare and the potato puree. The four desserts were also excellent but probably weren't enjoyed as much because all of us were in a Kobe-beef induced haze.The service, decor and ambiance was excellent as expected, my only complaint being that the restaurant is super dim. Everyone in our party agreed that they'd definitely come back despite the bill, but probably would order a la carte since we knew what cuts of meat and sides we wanted, and we probably wouldn't order quite as much food. Thanks, Tom Colicchio!
5	One of my best dining experiences ever. The Kobe beef tartar served with an egg on top of it and little bread crisps was incredible. The NY strip steak was butter. The mashed potatoes delicious. I wish I could have this meal over again! Very highly recommended. Pricey but worth the splurge for a special occasion.
5	This is my favorite steakhouse! The dining experience is always amazing. I travel to Las Vegas just to eat here. These are some of my favorite menu items:Kobe beef tartar - rich and "eyes rolling back in your head" delicious.Beet salad - 4 kinds of baby beets, simply dressed and simply fabu!NY Steak - cooked perfectly every time and big enough for two people.Blue Lake green beansPolenta with bleu cheese - creamy and delicious.wild mushroom risottoFor dessert I usually order the ice cream and sorbet sampler...on my most recent trip I had the most amazing basil sorbet.I cannot recommend Craftsteak enough.Update:6/11/08Was just there again last weekend...had the same exact items...still amazing as always!!!Updated: 7/3/08Just can't stay away! We ate at the bar because we had tickets to the 51's game. The service at the bar is just as amazing as in the restaurant. They serve the full menu and it is served just as beautifully and delicious. They changed the bread basket to fresh baked rolls served in the cast iron pan they are baked in. The rolls are fluffy and filling...be careful not to spoil your appetite. Craftsteak just can't do any wrong!
4	OMG... Tom Colicchio you are my food hero. You can criticize anyone you want on Top Chef. I was soo excited to go to craftsteak for my birthday,  but after having dined at mario battali's carnevino the night before, i was wondering if i had made a mistake in going to another celebrity chef's restaurant.Well my fears never came to fruition. Craftsteak, from the moment we walked in and got seated was amazing.We got the "kobe surf and turf" chef's tasting menu. Unlike battali's place, everything was seasoned to perfection.The king hawaiian shrimp were amazing. The roasted red peppers, pancetta and caesar salad were also very good.for the main course: kobe rib eye and kobe skirt steak....wow i cant begin to describe party in my mouth, everything was cooked to perfection. My one complaint (which is why i gave 4 stars) the poached lobster was very fishy tasting and very tough. But we mentioned it to the waiter and he corrected the problem immediately without any recourse.The sides were good, the asparagus was soo good, i wanted more, the mashed potatoes were kinda watery but also tasty. for dessert: we got 6 types of ice cream/sorbets, the chocolate molten cake and the monkey bread. All were superbly delicious. All in all from service to food, this place is top notch and i will be dining here again real soon.
4	Simply fantastic. The food, ambiance and service were all top notch. We arrived a few minutes early, and were seated immediately. When we made our reservation, we let them know we were part of a bachelorette party, and they welcomed our bride with a nice congratulations card. A great way to start the evening.The ambiance is dark and sophisticated, very clean lines and simple designs. There was nothing too fancy. However, we did appreciate how the restaurant had separate rooms. Each room had three to four tables, which made it feel very intimate and warm.The food... is good. The baby beet salad is hearty with four varieties of beets and a simple dressing. I also enjoyed the artichoke salad. It was light and refreshing. Portions of both were very big.For the main course, I had the sirloin. It was tender, flavorful and cooked just right. A girlfriend of mine got the lamb shanks - It was SO good... I wish I had ordered it instead of the steak! It was also a very large portion, probably enough to feed three people. For the sides, I highly recommend the cremini mushroom risotto... if I wasn't wearing a tight dress, I could have eaten the whole thing by myself. :)I'd take off one star because while the restaurant was fantastic, it does not have any WOW factor that is often in many Vegas establishments... I could probably get the same experience in Chicago. I'd suggest they do something different with the decor. Something fun!Strong drinks. Great wine list and pairing recommendations.Dress to impress.
5	Tom Colicchio knows how to make his steaks. It was 10 pm, our last night in Vegas, and a fat juicy steak sounded real good. We were accommodated at the bar, which I couldn't complain...the wine display was magnificent. Started off with Fanny Bay oysters...they were surprisingly FRESH and tasted even better with his cocktail sauce. And between the roasted filet mignon and the grilled ribeye, the ribeye won hands down. It packed so much juice and FLAVOR...better than anything I've had around here. I'll have to swing by for another steak sometime.
5	My friends and I wanted to splurge on a nice meal in Vegas.  Since we were staying at MGM anyway, we chose Craftsteak.  Unfortunately, we were complete idiots and decided to go to the Wynn Buffet for a late lunch that same day, and by the time dinner rolled around...none of us had an appetite.  [Before that, we had used whatever stomach space we had left to store some alcohol, of course.]  I ordered an appetizer - a cold, marinated mushroom salad.  I only managed to eat about 5 tiny mushrooms.  They were delicious, though.  My friends who had ordered "real" food enjoyed their dishes a lot...unsurprisingly, people raved about the steak.  I wasn't too sad about just eating mushrooms....Until I found out that it was owned by Top Chef's Tom Colicchio!  Now I want to kick myself every time I think about it.  Oh well...yet another reason to go to Vegas again...
4	Pretty basic steakhouse. It was good, but nothing wowed me to the point that I will have to visit again. Flavors were good, everything was cooked properly. Service was good but forgettable.
4	We're top chef junkies!Thumbs up to Tom for making  great steaks, impressive foie gras, awesome duck confit, really good mushroom and even better cauliflower. We are raving... just not superwowed.
2	My girlfriends and I are HUGE foodies and huge Tom Colicchio fans.   My issue was that the three of us came to restaurant ready to spend money on a fantastic meal and the entire meal felt rushed.  Our server made it clear that the kitchen was super "slammed' and made us feel as though we didn't have the luxury of time to enjoy the various courses of our meal.    He almost audibly sighed when we decided to order extra oysters and one of the servers had a conniption fit in front of us when he came to the table and saw that we were still eating our apps.  To top it all off - we decided that we would do a "taste test" between the Kobe Rib Eye and the "regular" filet.  It was very disappointing to say that while both steaks were good there was no wow factor for either.   Then we discover that our original server left without introducing the new server.  It was very obvious that the staff were ready for us to leave and this was disappointing since we spent quite a bit of money there and weren't really made to feel welcome.   We left not talking about the great food - but about the disappointment we felt.
4	I had such a big meat craving before going to Vegas. I thought I could satisfy it at the buffets but it just wouldn't do. So finally my boyfriend and I had a night to ourselves (we went with a group of friends), and we were staying at MGM. It was a weeknight and so restaurants close at 10-10:30. It was getting close to 10 so we decided to eat somewhere inside the hotel and ended up at Craftsteak. I had no expectations going in since I've never heard of it...I only hoped for the best. The ambiance is kind of dark and simple yet with a touch of elegance. The waiters were somewhat attentive but not very helpful as in what they recommended and why. We weren't planning to spend a lot on dinner so I opted for the 10oz Roasted Sirloin rather than Filet Mignon, which is what I would usually get. I was sooo anxious waiting for my food to come...which did take awhile. But when it finally came, I was in food heaven. Or close to it. The sirloin was fairly tender, juicy, and pre-sliced. The roasted part of the sirloin was tasty and not burnt. Mmmm it was delicious! I tasted a bit of my boyfriend's Ribeye which was more tender and enjoyable. I think I would prefer the sirloin over the ribeye there. We also had a side of the Roasted Shiitake Mushrooms. They were okay...nothing too special. And we didn't even bother to look at the dessert menu! =( We were way too full to even look.I have only one thing to complain: I ordered my cut medium because the waiter said the medium-well might be a little dry with very little pink. But the medium that came seemed more like a medium-rare. So I had my boyfriend eat the bloodier parts. Oh well. Total came out to be about $140 including drinks. I think it was pretty decently priced. But it would have been better if the entrees were not a la carte. To end on a good note, the Lemondrop Martini was pretty good! (I normally do not like martinis) And it actually had a lemondrop candy in it!
5	I went in expecting to like this place, seeing as if Tom Colicchio asked me to run away with him, I would do so and never look back.  I ended up LOVING the food.  My meal was perfection.  The wine list was heavenly.  Hope to visit the LA location soon.
5	I ate at this restaurant this past weekend in Vegas.  I must say, I thought I was in heaven the entire time.  The kobe beef there is freaking perfect.  Although it is a little pricy, it is definitely worth it.   We ordered a bottle of wine that night too, since steak goes well with red wine.Besides the food, the setting over there is awesome.  The chairs are very comfortable to sit in. It is definitely a restaurant that you must visit when you are in vegas.
4	Great place to bring a group of friends and spend a lot of money.Our party of 5 ordered the Chef's Tasting Menu, when they say tasting they do not mean little of this little of that.  Portions were served family style and a lot of it, veg was awesome and who knew so many types of beets existed.Meat was well prepared and they signature spare rib was fall apart wonderful.  Next time I will go and get the Kobe tasting menu.Wait staff was good however we did find our group pouring our wine more often.
4	We came here because of Tom Colicchio, we expect that the food would be really good.  Indeed!  The food was just absolutely delicious.  I had a fillet mignon, very very tender.  And my husband had a rib eye that had a nice grill flavor, also very tender.  We had assorted mushrooms and asparagus for our sides, they compliment very well with the steak.  Service was not as good as I expect, but it is certainly a very nice steakhouse.
1	This was by far the WORST dining experience of my life. I urge anyone who is considering dining here to go elswhere! We chose Craftsteak because of its "Top Chef " reputation, and figured that it would be well worth price. It was a disaster from the very beginning. Even though we had a reservation, when we arrived we were told that it would be a 20 minute wait. 20 minutes turned into 30, and then 45! Finally, after complaining, we were seated. We ordered our appetizers and meals, and our appetizers were brought out (which is the only reason I have given this restaurant 1 star). After waiting and waiting and waiting for our entrees, the waiter carried the tray out, only to drop it all over the floor merely a few feet from us. Now I realize that accidents happen, but after the fiasco no one even bothered to come to our table to address the issue. After waiting for our waiter  to come talk to us, we asked for a manager. The manager didn't even bother to show. Finally when the waiter DID return he said they would have to recook our meals, and it would be "just a while longer". No one offered to comp ANYTHING. After telling him how displeased we were with the experience so far, he told us that if we wanted to leave we were welcome to. So that is exactly what we did. I will NEVER even consider walking into that restaurant again.
5	It was the most amazing dinner I've ever experienced! My parents, brother and I spent the weekend at MGM where everything was COMPED! We decided to take advantage of this "free" weekend and make reservations at the renowned Craft Steak (my brother is obsessed with Top Chef). Our party of 4 ordered the Chef Tasting Menu- Kobe "Surf & Turf" (3 courses) at a whopping $155/person which is changed on a daily basis by the Chef.  We also ordered a bottle of $100 wine (you cant drink water with a meal like this). 1st Course Appetizer: - Kobe Beef Tartar- amazing flavors, reminded me of ahi tuna. I loved the raw egg on top which gave it a nice rich flavor. - Roasted Red Peppers with olive oil- Grilled shrimp- Caesar saladEntree:-Kobe Steak  (3 types)- Rib eye, Sirloin, and Skirt Steak. All was perfectly cooked and incredibly tender. IT was my first experience with Kobe beef and I was very impressed with the quality of the meat. - 2 Lb. Lobster sitting in a bowl of butter sauce...mmmm...butteerrrr...Side Dishes:Grilled mushrooms, carrots (BEST EVER, perfectly cooked and sweet, this was my Mom's favorite dish), grilled asparagus, and Yukon mashed potatoes (melted in your mouth, very rich, mmm buttteerr). Dessert:-Berry Crumble-6 diff ice creams and homemade sorbet - my dad's fave dish! He's still raving about the sorbet. -Chocolate cake with melted chocolate in the middle - my bro's fave.- Bread pudding- MY FAVE! Very rich and perfectly baked. - Blueberry tart Anyways, the bill came out to a total of $900 (including tip) and we were definitely more than satisfied with our meal. Even the espresso and coffee (french pressed at your table) was incredible. My dad asked "So, would you come here again if we had to pay??"YES!
5	First its Vegas so bring extra money. Its expensive! However, if you're going to spend exorbitant amounts of money on food anyway, go to Craftsteak! Next to Harris' Steakhouse in the City, this place is one of the best! The steaks are amazing and be sure to try the Bison! They have some phenomenal accoutrement for your main course as well. I recommend you have the Hen of the Woods Mushrooms and Jerusalem Artichokes. The wine list is extensive and really expensive but there are some real gems for about the $110.00 a bottle mark. Check out the 05 Gamba "Old Vine" Zinfandel, it pairs perfectly with beef dishes and tastes heavenly on its own. The service is impeccable. You'll have a server and at least two other people helping your party at any given time. Their attention to detail is superb and well worth the price. The ambiance is a steakhouse but still Vegas (a little over the top but sometimes its nice to go over the top).
5	I may have to go back and alter my Stripsteak review because while I had considered Strip the best steakhouse, Craft has definitely leap-frogged over it.The restaurant is a lot bigger than its window front would indicate. Our party of 8 were seated in a semi-private room in the back, where the wait staff made sure we never ran out of water, booze, or room for plates. And the last part was important because we got the Kobe tasting menu for the table where we were served multiple portions of several different Kobe cuts. (In case you wondering if there's neough food, they told us that only about 10% of the groups actual finish all the steaks; we were definitely not part of that elite group) The tasting menu also came with 5 apps, including a perfect Kobe beef tartare and baked prawns. Even a plate of sliced red peppers, which i would never order on my own, was surprisingly delicious. To go with our various steaks, the sides that came with them were mashed potatos, asparagus, and shitake mushrooms. And then there's the desert. Now I'm not big into sweets but our entire table was covered in various cakes and ice creams. Too many to mention! And all that for I think $135 per person!If you're in Vegas for a bachelor party and want to start off the night right, you cannot go wrong with this 4-diamond winner!!!
5	5 Stars for service, food, ambience, decor and an overal great experience.This was the one splurge for our Vegas trip and I've been following every episode of Top Chef, we chose Craftsteak.The decor is elegant, unpretentious and very comfortable for a group to carry a conversation.  There were three of us and we were seated at a booth (which I love!).We didn't go for the tasting menu which I kind of regret now...  All three of us ordered the grilled kobe skirt steak since none of us wanted to share.  We had a choice of several kobe beef and went with a medium priced Wagyu beef from Australia.  We all ordered it medium-rare and every single one came out perfectly cooked.  The meat was flavorful, tender and juicy (even the next day left-overs were!).  For sides, we got the puree, green beans and asparagus.  Everything was very simply made and with good flavor.Overall, great experience and one of the best steak houses.
4	Yummy steak. I think we ordered too much. Us gals are not meant to eat 8 pans of meat. The sides were delish as well. If you have $150 or more per person to kill, come here.
5	Went here last night and had a great time. Service was very friendly and attentive. Our table went with the Summer Tasting Menu which was the way to go in terms food and price. For sixty dollars we got the following:1st Course:Grilled QuailWatercress and Cucumber SaladRoasted Red PeppersMain Course:Diver Scallops in Citrus ButterKobe Rib Eye x2Roasted ChickenDessert:Molten Chocolate Cake6 Different Types of Ice Cream and Sorbet (Coconut was the Best)Fresh FruitMonkey BreadWe also add Fore Grais, Corn Soup, and Oysters to our meal and they all were excellent. This is the place to come for simple, perfectly prepared food.
5	If I didn't have a dress code at work I would probably fashion up myself a shirt that said "I heart Craftsteak" and paste in a picture of Tom Colicchio underneath it.  In fact, I may go so far as to put the number of the reservation line on my shirt as well.  Craftsteak offers great decor, amazing service, and 5-star food.  On the plates: Salad, American Kobe Skirt Steak, Potato Gratin w/ Leeks, Duck Confit and Monkey Bread.We ordered all the items separately and they still meshed very well; true testament to great menu planning.  The salad was very simple and had only 1 main green but the seasoning was off the charts.  I'm sure it's just basic salt and pepper, but golly gee does Tom know salt and pepper!  The Skirt steak did not have the obvious problem that most skirt steaks have and was not at all chewy.  The steak had a great buttery consistency and in a very cliche way "melted in your mouth."  I never knew meat could do that, but apparently well trained chefs can finagle skirt steak to accomplish such a feat.   Since leeks are a favorite of Tom's, diners can rest assured knowing that he wouldn't have leeks any other way than perfect.  Lastly, the monkey bread was a great finale to dinner.  Perfectly crisp on the outside the bread is able to be pulled off from the rest of the pieces and maintains softness and airy-ness in the middle.  Frosting accompainment was not too sweet and the cinnamon was not at all overpowering.  A well made dessert.If you go to one restaurant in Vegas to splurge it better be Craftsteak.  And who knows you too may be in the market for an "I heart Craftsteak" shirt.
5	If they had 4.5 stars, thats where mine would lie.  I went  here with 4 buddies of mine during my last trip to vegas.  My friend was a huge top chef fan so he insisted we check this spot out.  Our entire table ordered the Kobe Tasting Menu and I was not disappointed.  All the steaks were amazing, my two favorite was the Filet Mignon and Skirt Steak.  The appetizers that we were served was nothing impressive.  Roasted red peppers, Prosciutto ( I can get buy that at a deli), mixed greens, and an artichoke dish defintely did not wow me at all.  The sides were decent.  The desserts were amazing tho.  Make sure you get some Monkey Bread that was one of the best deserts i've ever had.  Overall, i go to a steakhouse for steak and they had some of the best tasting beef i've ever had.  Would definitely reccomend it.
4	I had high expectation I know it's $$$$.  I was excited to finally be able to try Kobe beef... Although I was only getting the American version, I was still excited.  As you can see from my profile I love meat... love it!  Yes a PETA member -- you know people for the eating of tasty animals!  So we made reservations for a Fri. night.  Was very exited and got there a bit early, so we were showed to the bar to wait for our table.  We didn't even finish our first round and we were ushered to our table.  What we ordered (party of two):We decided not to go for the tasting menu but we did order the tasting wine flights.Starter - Foie gras --- Yes even though I'm a proud supporter of  PETA , I couldn't help to feel just a bit bad about ordering this.  But once I tasted it, all my concerns were gone.  This stuff was outstanding.  This was very rich but the wine (Conundrum) paired very well to cut some of the richness.  Only complain I had was that it only came with 2 pieces of toast.  The foie portion it self was big but had to use the bread on the table in order to finish the dish.  Would have love some more of the toast. Main - American Wagyu (rib eye my fav. cut)  bar none the best rib eye I've ever tasted.  It was just perfect, met my expectations.  For 105 bucks it better!          - Braised short ribs - what can I say, nice tender piece of heaven.  Sides - Wild mushroom risotto - very good             - Yukon puree - also very goodI didn't pay attention much to the sides as I didn't want to fill up any valuable stomach real-state with the sides.dessert - ordered the dessert tasting menu. By this point I was in a meat coma so I couldn't really tell much but from what I remember it was good.Overall it was a wonderful dining experience very nice service, great decor and ambiance, and the food it was up to and even exceeded my expectations.  Yes it's pricey but what do you expect when you visit a sin city "fine dining"  establishment.  Would definitely come back, next time hopefully I will have a  better craps session so I can blow all the winnings here.
4	Yummy for my tummy!Pricey, but well worth it! Our group had one of those kobe beef tasting menus, supplemented by appetizers, side dishes and dessert. It was a lot of food - a lot! Even 12 hours later, I'm full! Nothing too fancy but just simply tasty food. The wine selection was pretty extensive and even their selection of wine by the glass was pretty good. Service could have been a bit better.Got this rec from some friends. Perfect place for a group dinner with a lot of money to spend =)
4	Absolutely terrible service, absolutely amazing Kobe Skirt Steak. Avoid this restaurant if you want to drink and have a good time while eating, but do come here if you want good food.
4	I'm disappointed that I need to give this place a 4, because they frankly don't deserve it. They don't deserve a 3, however.I went here with my girlfriend as the main culinary experience of our trip that has been 3 years in the making. The walk from Treasure Island took 30 minutes. With reservations made a week in advance, seating was not an issue. They did make us wait 20 minutes since we got there at 8:10 instead of 8:30, however.I was wearing a polo shirt and jeans and my girlfriend wore a casual spring dress and we never felt underdressed. I suppose the very dim dining room helped with that.We went with the $60 summer tasting menu. The items on it can be found on Andrew W.'s review on this page.The meal started out with PERFECT bread. It was nearly a brioche with sea salt on the crunchy top, with a perfectly soft and buttery inside.The three starters (brought out all at once) were good too. I enjoyed the tender, juicy quail the most. My girlfriend said that hers was neither, unfortunately. She preferred the cold roasted bell peppers, which I liked as well. We were both glad to find out that watercress salads aren't as bitter as they sound.The three main courses, however, were a disappointment. The divers scallops were good--at least for me. My girlfriend didn't like biting down on sand three times.The fried chicken was terrible for me (I ate a piece of breast meat which was terribly dry and flavorless) but the legs were tender and juicy.The Kobe beef ribeye was the worst dish of the meal, however. I've had Wagyu before, which might have been part of the disappointment. We were also partially to blame by getting the meat too well done, I think. We realized immediately after we had ordered that Medium Well would be too much, but we hoped it would be okay. Unfortunately, it wasn't all our fault. The meat itself had hardly any marbling. At the high heat we chose, the fat should have melted even more and the meat shouldn't have been so tough and dry. I'm sad to say that the Kobe beef at the Bellagio buffet was more delicious.The sides (again, 3 of them), were decent. Sweet corn (nothing special there), garlic potato gratin (a substitute for the mashed potatoes), and the sauteed shitake mushrooms (dry, rubbery, poorly seasoned).By the time we were halfway done with the main courses, we were exhausted. It's a problem, in my mind, that patrons don't feel guilty when they leave half of their main courses sitting on the table. It wasn't delicious enough to force yourself to eat some more.When dessert rolled out (again, all at once), we were floored. Monkey bread (too sweet), chocolate lava cake (okay), sorbets & ice creams (thank God for something light), and blueberries & raspberries finished the meal.While th meal started out well, it didn't continue the upward trend. It's a sad day when a steakhouse's meat loses out to its bread & its roasted peppers.An enjoyable evening, but I don't miss it.====Rubric: 5 = Mindblowing 4 = Excellent 3 = I see the charm 2 = Disappointing 1 = Never again
5	I went to this place looking for a good steak.  I left feeling like I had eaten a piece of art.  This steak was was more than just a steak.  There was a symphony of flavors that I have never before known.  Upon the first bite I found myself lost in a bubble of total awe.  I realize that what I have said sound completely nuts.  I know that this is food.  But this restaurant honestly changed my standards of good food.  I last went to Craft Steak approximately two years ago.  Within the last two years, I have been unable to find any kind of food that can compare with what I experienced at Craft Steak.  Truly life changing and amazing.  Worth every penny.
5	Here's the short version of the review: my friends and I ordered the domestic wagyu beef tasting menu.  We expected steak.  We were given melt in your mouth butter that looked and tasted like steak.  We were amazed.Here's the long review: we walked in a little before our reservation time, and were instantly escorted to our table.  The place is dimly lit and well decorated, but whoever told them they to play cheesy elevator music at a fine restaurant should be fired.  I mean, seriously?  As soon as I walked in I felt like I should be hitting a close door button.We got some rolls baked up in this little pan.  Cute, but also warm and buttery.  The domestic wagyu tasting menu is the cheapest of the three tasting menus, with the others increasing in price due to the quality of the meat.  The most expensive is the "real" Kobe beef tasting menu (wagyu, as I understand it, is non-Japanese "Kobe-style" beef).  We noticed it only came with three courses.  Isn't this supposed to be a tasting menu?  The waitress assured us we'd have plenty of food, enough to feed three "big" guys.Jeez, was she right.  The first "course" was actually three dishes: a caesar salad, grilled shrimp, and an absolutely stunning kobe beef tartare.  Raw beef topped with a raw egg, mixed together and eaten with toasted bread.  Sounds gross, right?  Wrong.  It's f***ing AMAZING.  The shrimp and the caesar were both good, but paled in comparison to the tartare.Then came the main course: three different cuts of wagyu beef: ribeye, skirt steak, and fillet mignon.  They were all amazing to varying degrees.  Each one was perfectly seasoned, so tender you could almost cut it with the side of your fork.  We almost came to blows over each quickly vanishing piece.  The skirt was the winner, and the fillet the loser.  We had a pretty philosophical conversation as to why, but the general consensus was that fillet mignon's strength generally isn't taste, but tenderness.  When you get to a piece of beef as awe inspiring, as tender as wagyu and Kobe, the strengths of fillet mignon tend to diminish.The beef (and knife fights) behind us, we were pressented with desert.  Maybe I was way too full at this point, but the final part of the meal just didn't live up to the rest.  We got a plate of ice cream and sorbets (which included a wonderfully light pineapple sorbet that with a texture reminiscent of a frozen cloud), a chocolate molten lava cake (meh), a blueberry tart (double meh), a plate of sweet fruit (perfectly ripe and in season), and "monkey bread" with a side of caramel dipping sauce (the sauce was the dessert winner; we ended up dunking pretty much all our other bites of dessert into it).  It was pretty expensive (menu priced at $130 a head), but the amount of food, and the absolute quality of it all made it well worth it.  This place is pure class and exquisite taste.... just ditch the damn elevator music.
5	Oh my of all that is holy and good.... the absolute best meal I have ever had in my fruitful 27 years of existence. I discovered the beauty of tasting the most delectable mushrooms on earth and literally ate mushrooms for 3 months straight after just in the slight hope that my taste buds might once again remember the deliciousness it had once encountered. I could have skipped all the meat totally (even though it too was fabulous) and gorged myself on the array of veggies that my privileged table got to experience. Aside from the OUTRAGEOUS prices - which I would pay again in a HEARTBEAT to have another wondrous orgasmic feasting experience this place is number 1. I am almost pissed off in a way at Craft Steak for making all the food that I eat outside of its doors pale in comparison.
5	I cannot say enought good things about Craftsteak.  My kind of place, the food is just well, perfect....the Sommeliers, so nice, so helpful...I love BEEFSTEAK and Pinot Noir, so it was the Porterhouse, and Papapietro Perry Russian River Pinot...Not cheap, but not outrageous either...Enjoy!
5	I was at a conference in Vegas recently and my chef and I had the pleasure of dining at Craftsteak.  Like Tom Collichio or not, he's undoubtedly an accomplished and talented restauranteur and chef.  Craftsteak is in the MGM grand, which is a gorgeous hotel and casino.  Sure, we could have experimented with a little more adventurous fare, granted, but we were in the mood for a man's night out and Bobby Flay is such a douchebag that his restaurant (Mesa, also in the MGM) was a no-thank-you.  So, Craftsteak it was.  The staff at this restaurant, whether it was the maitre'd, the barstaff or the waitstaff - should be a model for every other restaurant.  It was simply impeccable.  Polite, courteous, not phony - just perfect.  We sat at the bar for a few moments and enjoyed an expertly prepared Manhattan while they prepared our table.  Moments later, the maitre'd invited us over to the table and had our drinks refreshed and sent over as well.  10 points.  That probably cost them about 25 cents worth of booze, but was just a classy move.  Our server, Kevin, was without a doubt, the best waiter I have ever had.  He was knowledgeable, friendly, could talk wine and food like he was a chef himself.  We took a look at the small, but gorgeous menu and wine list and were discussing the various options with Kevin, who made suggestions of the tartare and the foie gras - both favorites of ours.  Order up!  The food took and appropriate amount of time to arrive, and was plated and prepared without a single flaw.  The flavors were dead-on and the ingredients, you could tell, were nothing short of the freshest.  The foie came heated on a castware dish with some lovely fig-balsamic reduction.  Very rustic but elegant plating - and the taste was absolutely wonderful.  Full, round, deep foie, like I had never tasted before (even in Paris!), and the reduction matched it wonderfully.  The tartare was a wonderful portion of perfect-temperature hand-chopped kobe.  Complete with a beautiful egg yolk on top that oozed perfectly throughout the dish.  There was just the right amount of seasoning, but not too much as to mask the wonderful rich flavor of the beef.  It was a very traditional tartare, but done perfectly.  Tartare is one of my favorite dishes, and Craftsteak wins hands down for quality and flavor.We took a while to digest our first courses and ordered a bottle of Champagne to cleanse our palate and never felt rushed by Kevin at all, in fact, he was perfectly unintrusive when we were relaxing and very attentive when we were ordering or had questions.Anyhow, after about 15 minutes, it cam time to order the main course.  My chef chose a Kobe Wine Flight and I enjoyed a simple Kobe Flatiron.  For sides, we chose creamed spinach, potato puree and grilled asparagus.  (Note: although the sides are pricey, they are meant for 2.)The steaks arrived soon after, perfectly cooked.  The beef was excellent as were the traditional, but perfectly made, sides.  The vegetables were wonderfully prepared and obviously, by the fact that the chef didn't have to 'dress them up' too much with excessive seasoning, were of the freshest quality, as well.  In Las Vegas, the land of overcooked buffets, it's nice to see some fresh veggies!  Kevin assisted us graciously when we purchased some champagne for a nearby table of business acquaintances, and was just super classy throughout the night.  We were thoroughly stuffed after our steaks and each enjoyed a glass of wonderful dessert wine and calvados.We spent a few minutes with Kevin, just talking about his experience with the restaurant and he seemed very happy to be there, he really does enjoy his job and truly cares about his clients.  If Mr. Collichio is reading - Kevin is a tribute to your organization.The bill was quite hefty, needless to say, but good food and (a lot) of good booze doesnt come cheap (the full damage, including tip was just over 700 bucks).  Plus, it's Vegas - you'd probably just gamble it away anyhow.  Truly a next-level dining experience and worth every penny.
5	This was an amazing dining experience, you certainly pay for it, but I have no regrets.  We ordered the 130/person "tasting  menu".  It's not really a tasting menu since they give you full sized portions for each dish.  After having bread and the first three dishes of the first course, I was pretty satisfied.  The diver scallops from this course were the best I've ever had, truly amazing.  The next course was delicious murder on my stomach.  There was just so much food.  We had 2 steaks (the strip was fantastic), potato puree, assorted and grilled shrooms and corn.  Everything was well executed and simple, showcasing the exceptional quality of the ingredients.  Thankfully the dessert stomach kicked in because we were given 4 full sized desserts.  A truly divine bread pudding, 4 scoops of delicious gellato, a wonderful cheesecake with cumquats and a bowl of blackberries.  The bread pudding was a serious stand out.  My wife, who hates bread pudding, wouldn't stop eating it.  I had to clamor to get my share.  There goes my playstation 3 money, but like I said, no regrets.
5	MGM Grand has some of the best restaurants in Vegas and Craftsteak is no exception. My boyfriend and I ate here as part of a dinner and show package, which was a great bargain! The summer sampler was to die for! It was nothing flashy, but you don't need flash when you've got fresh seasonal ingredients that are cooked perflectly. Love the steak and scallops the most, but everything was excellent including the mashed potatoes and starter salads (loved those red peppers!). Service was top notch, but could have been a little faster as we were trying to catch a show. It's a nice quiet, mellow room away from the noisy casino. I would definitely go back again because it's on our favorites of Las Vegas list.
5	The chef's tasting menu is one of the best meals of my life.  I can't say enough about how exceptional every dish in this 20 piece meal was, it was all wonderful, exciting, and satisfying.  Service was impeccable, a combination of the staff included young eager table runners, a seasoned and friendly/engaging waiter, and delightful welcoming hosts up front.The controversy over the cuisine is exciting and engaging, but it won me over.  I can't believe that the tasting menu offers such perfectly prepared appetizer offerings because it reads in the menu as quantity over quality. No fear. These dishes SHINE, I was overwhelmed!.  Masterful takes on classic appetizers are not from an ironic point of view, there's nothing here that requires a waiters instruction to eat, you just dig in. Before you know it, you realize the entire appetizer course works together with every dish complimenting the other.  Its a beautiful thing, a great thing, and it doesn't feel like intellectualized menu building, The appetizer dishes are confident, perfectly prepared and mouth watering. You're blown away at Crafsteak by the first act! The steak was, like a lot of  yelpers write, as tender as butter, but ROBUST, given a kick with an update of an all to familiar reduction of beef juice that STILL works wonderfully. They don't try and out do or sensationalize the main course. Its a high end piece of meat simply seasoned, and cooked perfectly with a simple sauce over the top that doesn't run all over the plate. The steak remains the star.Desert was amazing, the home made style gourmet ice cream was sensational and refreshing, the monkey bread over the top, the small donuts and cookies delicious. Even the dinner mints freshly prepared were sensational.This is one of the best restaurants in America.  It was a pleasure dining here, even though my party of 2 spent almost $400.00. The two hour experience was phenomenal. I will remember this meal for the rest of my life.  Who thought a mashed potato puree would work this well?  Who thought there was a standard of perfection when finishing Kobe?  Who has the best saltwater prawns in America?  Crafsteak. Crafsteak. Craftsteak.  Amazing..
5	My Dad had his wedding dinner here after getting married in the Belagio. We had a private room with sliding doors and it was a really nice setup. It was really good too because we had a private area in our own room so the kids could run around. All courses were impressive and did not dissapoint. My high light was the Kobe beef, I could have ate only that all night, OMG. Short but sweet review.
5	HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! I read one yelper's comments that the beef was melt in your mouth good and I have to say I totally agree. If something other than sex can give you an orgasm...I would have to say, I almost came after my first bite of the Kobe Skirt Steak. I had the Chef Tasting menu - Domestic Wagu Beef for $130 pp. Don't be scared by the price. Unlike some tasting menus which hardly fill you up, theirs has enough food with leftovers. Note that the food is served family style. They usually require the whole party to order the tasting menu but we asked if my girlfriend who was pregnant could order a-la-carte b/c she shouldn't be eating rare beef and let's face it...there is no point in eating a well-done steak. The waiter was very accommodating. Because it was just (2) of us ordering the tasting menu, they only gave us (2) cuts of meat instead of their usual (3). It was not an issue b/c there was so much food. Note: I am a BIG eater. We started off with a salad, scallops and kobe beef tartare. I was very hesitant in eating 100% raw beef but was dying to give it a try. Only Tom Colicchio can pull this off for me. It was very very tasty. We were given the Ribeye and Skirt Steak. Again, it was awesome as I first described and want to keep this review PG rated. It came with several sides. I can't seem to remember what they were since my mind is so set on the steak. The desserts were also oh-so tasty. There was a corn ice cream that my girlfriends didn't care too much for but I liked it.
5	Wow. I haven't written a review in months, but this place was so good that it took me out of retirement, Jay-Z style.. okay, maybe Brett Farve style? (I'm just praying not Michael Jordan style). In any case, the food here was exceptional. If yelp allowed me to dock them a point on service, I would -- but that's just because I think 5-stars means perfection. The service was good, but not perfect. French Laundry service is perfect. I went with 6 other guys and I luckily convinced them all to get the Wagyu tasting menu (domestic). It was expensive, especially with the cheapest wine we could fine ($67/bottle), but 100% worth it. I think it came out to be $160/person with tax and gratuity.Because we were such a large group the chef would allow us to sample everything -- 7 different appetizers, 7 different cuts of meat, and 7 different desserts. Of course when it came time for dessert no one had any interest in eating anymore. Peter Luger's in NYC has long held my top-spot for steakhouses, and it'll continue to do so, but just because it's so iconic and traditional. When I want to have fun and eat a ton of variety (at a steakhouse!), I'll go back to Craftsteak.Extra notes: - Dressy in Vegas doesn't mean dressy. Jeans and a shirt that isn't a T-shirt is totally acceptable (and normal). - The steak tartare here was the best I've ever had in my life. - The place is really big, and not intimate. They do have booths, but I'd skip it for a romantic date.- They have the best ice cubes in the world here.. look for an attached photo.
4	OK.  So I'm really torn about my experience.  On one hand it was pretty good for Vegas, and on the other, it didn't live up to its caliber.  First of all, it's surrounded by a bunch of good restaurants.  I had no idea the MGM was such a hub for cuisine.  Secondly, it's properly labeled and you can't miss it when you're walking down the hall.  Now on to why I'm torn.I emailed my reservation in about a week in advance since my friend wanted to go there in the worst way.  I thought a restaurant of this magnitude would at the very least call to confirm an online reservation, but they didn't.  When we got there, we were about 30 minutes early.  We were fine waiting for our table, but of course we asked if they had something available right then.  She said yes and proceeded to seat us in the bar.  THE BAR.  I understand that we're early, but if our table is going to be drastically different and not in the dining room, then shouldn't it be our decision if we want to take it??  After we sat down, I looked at my girlfriends in the dark bar and said "WTF!  I'm so taking care of this".  I went back to the host station and was met with super attitude.  She then told me that it would be a wait for a seat in the dining room, at which point I confirmed that it would be ready by 630p (our original reservation) and she said yes.  I have no idea who trains the front of the house, but they need a refresher course.  So we sat AT the bar and waited patiently for our table.Once seated, the service was great.  Not impeccable, but great nonetheless.  Now the food was the best part.  When you read the menu, you think it's all ala carte and for each individual.  Yes it's ala carte, but they serve everything family style.  That's right, I said FAMILY STYLE.  Which means that you can order 2 different types of steak, 2 sides and 2 apps, all share and keep your bill under $100 per person.  Plus, their apps are HUGE.  We had a cup of the lobster bisque (yum), kobe steak tartare (more yum) and the foie gras (didn't taste it, but my friends loved it).  The tartare was truly the best I've had in a long time.  It's a damn good thing the meals are family style, because once the main events came out, I was pretty full and definitely wouldn't have finished my wagyu ribeye.  However, I was able to have a bite of everything and be completely satisfied.  I also loved that their hot teas are loose leaf and presented in a french press, just like their coffees.  That's a sign that someone cares.Since there are so many restaurants in Vegas, there's really no reason to come back, but if ever I'm craving a steak, I'd come here without a doubt.
5	After careful thought and debate, I chose to make my reservation at craftsteak....and boy am I glad I did!Located at the MGM Grand, valeting the car was a cinch.  The downside was we had no idea where the place was on the gigantor casino floor.  Sign after sign, craftsteak was no where in sight.  I finally got BF to ask someone where the place was.  Lone and behold, the "Studio Walk" was around the corner from where we entered (near the monorail).This is definitely NOT a frou frou place.  You feel at home here.  The dress code varies from person to person, flip flop to flip flop and sport coat to sport coat.  The dining area was dimly lit and beautifully decorated.  The service was awesome.  Our water glass was never left empty.  And the waitstaff was very attentive and always available.We decided on the wagyu tasting menu, 3 courses for $130 pp:Starters:Mixed greensRoasted Red Peppers - very tastyDiver Sea Scallops - super WOW!Prosciutto - another WOW!Main Course:Kobe beef rib eye - tender and very flavorfulKobe beef flat iron - BF's favSides:Yukon gold potatoes - this didn't sound like anything special, but WOW creamy goodness!AsparagusMixed Mushrooms - just okDessert:Monkey Bread - OMG!Assorted ice cream and sorbetsMolten choc lava cakeStrawberries and black berriesThis was A LOT of food!  Everything was excellent.  The 2 hour dining experience is the best I've had.  This is also the most money we've spent for dinner.  Our bill came out to almost $400!  But, well worth it!Make your reservations online or by phone and keep that confirmation number they give you...otherwise you will be screwed out of the BEST meal ever!
3	Having heard very good things about their restaurant in Century City (Los Angeles), I was expecting nothing but the best from Craftsteak Las Vegas. Firstly, I must admit the quality of the food is quite good. I started off with the heirloom tomato salad which was served with very high quality tomatos topped with light drizzle of olive oil and some fresh cracked pepper.  Light, fresh.. very delicious. My buddies ordered Tuna Tartar, Arugula Salad, Persian Cucumbers (my friend who ordered this happened to be Persian so we had a few good jokes about this) and chantrelles. All of these were excellent and large enough to share. We also ordered a couple bottles of wine and Craftsteak has a wide selection of very good wines (california cabs all the way to rare bordeaux) at decent prices. For main courses, we ordered some Rib eye, New York Strip, Kobe Rib Eye & Salmon.  We also ordered sides of Risotto (the best), Yukon Gold Puree, French Beans, Hen of the woods mushrooms and creamed spinach. The quality of the beef/fish was good, but was not prepared correctly. For example, my friend ordered his beef  "Rare" and it came out more on the end of  "medium." Service was also VERY slow and the wait staff was not knowledgeable about the menu nor the wine list. For a dinner we expected to take 1.5-2 hrs tops turned out to be a 3 hour ordeal. Although the food was good, service leaves something to be desired at this restaurant. There are plenty of good restaurants in Las Vegas and I think it would be awhile before we come back here.
5	There's not much I can say about Craftsteak that hasn't already been said.  It is BY FAR the best restaurant I've eaten at.  I do have recommendations though.  I did some pretty deep research on the perfect steakhouse before we left for Vegas.  I ended on Craftsteak, and after all the rave reviews, I wanted to do the American Wagyu tasting menu.  My husband was not too thrilled about some of the selections we were going to get, and we almost ordered off the menu ourselves.  But at the last minute, I said NO, we have to do it.  So we got the tasting menu.  First, I would have needed a cow's four stomachs to eat all the food they brought us. I ate some stuff I normally would not eat. And I'm so glad I did! I'll go through the highlights (and what I'll order next time so I don't waste all the beautiful delicious food I can't eat)Kobe steak tartare - I have never eaten raw beef before. I never wanted to eat raw beef. It tastes so good cooked, why eat it raw?  Well I stand corrected. Maybe the best weird thing I've ever had. I ate over half the plate of meat.  I felt my inner tigress coming out and I apologized to my husband in advance in case I bit him later. Mushroom Sampler - Eat all the "Hen of the Woods" (maitake) variety.  Normally I cannot stand mushrooms, but the waiter said they were good so I figured hey, I just ate raw beef, what's a little fungus?  The mushroom tasted like rich beef and red wine. Very complex, smokey flavor.  I will seek them out around here, because they were SO good.American Wagyu skirt steak - skip the more expensive rib eye.  Go for the skirt. It was so good we barely touched the rib eye.  Literally melted in your mouth. Worth the $130 a pop alone.They also brought us four deserts, but just looking at them I felt my stomach perforating and spilling into my body cavity.  Gross visual, but that's how full I was.On a side note, we both noticed the food gave us MAD GAS!  Not that I cared, but jusy FYI... I guess raw meat has its drawbacks.
5	If you're planning to do a dinner and show here in Vegas, then the KA and Craftsteak package is the way to go. ($175-$199 PP). Show tickets themselves are around $125-$150. Craftsteak was simply amazing. The stars speak for themselves. We had:AppetizersGrilled QuailRoasted Red ReppersMixed LettucesEntreesHangar Steak (shared)- get it mediumRoasted Chicken - juicy juicy juicyDiver Sea Scallops SidesYukon Gold Potato Puree  - I didnt expect it to be so good. Roasted Shiitake Mushrooms - i usually dont eat these, but i gobbled them down. Roasted AsparagusDessertsMonkey Bread w/ice cream - very sweetCrumble Berry Cheesecake w/ice creamYou get fresh warm bread with your meal. They have a wine special for $30. They give you 3 different wines, 1 for each entree. Like women walking out of a spa.....I felt pampered and fullfilled. The food made love to my mouth and spooned with my stomach. I'll be back!
5	Went for the Summer Taste Menu.. you know what? It just doesn't get any better than this for me. Its comforting, accessible, honest, delicious and comfortable. From the space to the food its all with in access. Not fussy or pretentious as some other places are on the strip or in the MGM.. just real food well prepared and well seasoned in a relaxing atmosphere.
4	The food here saved the evening for us as the service especially at the hostess stand is atrocious.  We had reservations and of course our table was not ready.  A teenager working the front told us to wait in the bar.  After 30 minutes, I inquired about our table and got the "And you are...." comment.  We almost left but the wife wrangled the manager who got us a table sans apologies.  Now for the good stuff:3 course American Wagyu tasting menuCourse 1 - Caesar salad, grilled shrimp, wagyu tartarCourse 2 - NY strip and rib eye with asparagus, mashed potatoes, mushroom roastCourse 3 - three desertsWaaay too much food, and everything was delicious.  The beef blows my steaks on the grill away.  Our waiter was very nice as well and attentive.Overall a good experience food wise.  The initial service was worse than at some mall restaurant (hey wait , it is in a mall!!)Tsk, Tsk Collichio - you always are lambasting your chefs on TV about perfection.
5	Loved everything about this restaurant. I had the heirloom tomato salad and the filet mignon which was cooked to a perfect medium rare. My boyfriend had the oysters and the hanger steak. We also shared the roasted corn and the wild mushrooms. Both were scrumptious! Excellent lemon drops and wine list as well! Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.
5	I must say it was a great deal.  Be sure to get the Summer Menu when you go and don't eat for like days before you go just so you can stomach it all in!For the full review and great photos of everything served go to http://www.kats9lives.com/2008/09/greatly-surprised-cant-beat-price.htmlI will break it down simply what we got and what we liked.  Be sure to make reservations before you go just in case there is a convention going on.  Heck who are you kidding.  It's Vegas, there is ALWAYS a convention going on.  =PSummer Menu~First Course   Roasted Red Peppers = so-so good flavor *just a reminder I am a Meatatarian*  Persian Cucumber & Watercress Salad = so-so and fresh  Grilled Quail = SIMPLY FABULOUS~Second Course  Kobe Sirloin = good, but needed more flavoring... the meat was okay but I really wish you could have paid more to get filet mignon  Roasted Chicken = goodI guess, needed more flavor as well  Diver Sea Scallops = cooked well, flavor was fine~Dessert  4 Ice Cream = the flavors were lacking and it was really icy  Warm Fruit Crisp = so-so the crust could have been a lot better  Cinnamon Monkey Bread = not bad, the sauce was good~Extra Appetizers we ordered...  Wagyu Beef Tartare = soft texture and flavorful  Seared Foie Gras = good size, flavor was not bad Okay for $60 dollars per person you get 4 courses with 3 items in each course.  It's like a 12-course meal! What a great deal! We really didn't need the extra appetizers because we were stuffed.  There is just so much food that it's incredible.  Maybe it's because we are a group of two?  Still, tons of food and great.  I will definitely be back again and if you have never tried then you should really go!I watched Top Chef when it first came out and I really questioned if Tom Colicchio knew anything about food.  Now that I have been there I will give him props.  When I was in NY his restaurants didn't look tempting but now my mind has changed.  If you are looking for more people to make a party of 4 for the better tasting menus give me a call and I will be there! ^_^
2	We came during restaurant week to try the $50 menu. While normally I'd say this is no indication of their regular food.. these guys offer this menu quite frequently (the pre show dinner packages with Ka, the summer $60 menu promo they did, etc). So if you do this menu all the time, you should have it down to a science. Additionally, restaurant week is a great time to show off your restaurant.... apparently these guys didn't get the memo!On to the review. We came in and they informed us they were out of the quail and the chicken and it would be subbed with proscuitto and skirt steak. BOO. Seriously, anticipate restaurant week and how busy you'll be.. don't run out of crap. That's BS. Proscuitto, peppers, etc that came as the apps were all fine. Nothing special, just fine. Then, the "kobe" steak came. Wow I can't believe they served this dog food. Seriously this steak made the prime rib at Outback look amazing. Chewy texture, bad taste.. nothing redeeming. The skirt steak they subbed for the chicken wasn't good also. It was like fajita meat covered in rosemary. Seriously these were two of the worst steaks I've had in a long time.. what a disappointment.Now the dessert story.. oh man. They brought us chocolate cake with "espresso" ice cream. The ice cream was surrounding the cake and it tasted awful. We couldn't figure out what made it taste so disgusting. We asked the waiter "are you sure this is espresso ice cream?" and he said "YES"... "are you really sure"... "umm ok I'll go check". Sure enough it was f-ing Earl Grey tea ice cream. How sick is that? Seriously if you are out of espresso put vanilla on the plate. Don't serve gross tea ice cream with a chocolate cake and call it espresso. A very disappointing evening. At least we got off cheap!
5	This steak restaurant is simply AMAZING in all aspects. The best time to sample chef Tom C's finest cuisine is during Vegas Restaurant Week. The waitstaff was very accommodating and knowledgeable.  Come with an empty appetite, because they will feed you well. They cater to non-carnivores, but you will convert when you smell & taste their skirt steak. Their appetizers are fresh and hearty. Save room for their trio dessert. With their refreshing fruit sorbet, their decadent chocolate molten cake, and pastries, you will leave this place with happy memories.
3	The food was good, but I really wasn't impressed.  We did the kobe beef meal thing for groups.  It's three courses at $110 per person.  Most of it was pretty good, but it's not going to blow your socks off.  The cabernet sauvignon was good.  It's all so expensive.  I don't go to Vegas very often, but there must be something better among the thousands of restaurants.  I might give it a second chance, because it really wasn't bad.  But if I don't leave saying "wow" I'll just waste my money somewhere else the next time.  Did I mention that it was expensive?  I think the minimum for our group of 9 was $90 per person.  That probably fluctuates a bit.  We ended up being about $200 per person.
5	This restaurant is a bit expensive but the food, the decor, the service are all worth every cent you spend there.  The wait staff is very polite and attentive.  The food is excellent and the desserts even better.  They have a very extensive wine collection so I ordered my dinner with a glass of wine and my waiter was not stingy with it.  This is a good place to take your date to enjoy a very good dinner with very good company.
5	So where do you take a bachelor for his steak dinner? Craftsteak!A group of four of us arrived a little earlier than our reservations, they were still setting up the restaurant but the hostesses were cool with us coming in a little earlier. The interior is pretty subdued but classy, very warm. The booths give you a little privacy with their chainmail dividers and adequate seats.Our waiter was pretty cool, and the water guy... great job; he knows a thirsty Brian when he sees one. He came around and checked on us just enough and was never annoying.We all ordered the domestic Wagyu prix fixe menu. It's 3 courses with a multitude of dishes per course. I've read other reviews that said they received three dishes per course, but we ended up with 4-6.The starters consisted of a Wagyu beef tartare that was well spiced and my personal favorite. The grilled prawns were nice as was the salad. the braised baby artichokes were very tender and helped offset the meats.  I also ordered foie gras which was a large portion and nicely done with some dates on the side. A couple of the guys weren't too impressed with the starters and became anxious that the rest of the meal might follow suit. Then came the meat. Four steaks all cooked to perfection and served with a grilled shallot. Ranging in order from great to outstanding; filet mignon, ribeye, flatiron and then the strip.  I've heard people say that they've had a piece of food just melt in their mouth. However the flatiron literally did that while I was eating. The strip steak is perhaps THE best steak I've ever had in my life. We all agreed that the steaks were life changing. The sides varied from amazing to not so bad. They followed a very americana  platform with a very small twist. The mushrooms in particular were devoured fast with the Enoki's tanginess standing out from the rest.Ok, so... we came to a steak house... had the meat... mission accomplished. Until the server came up and nearly slapped us for not saving room to eat the third course. They brought a deluge of sweet tasty bits to the table.  Monkey bread, liquid chocolate cake, chocolate souffle, fresh berries, warm berry crisp, a selection of sorbets and bread pudding.  Wow... I really mean that too. Everything was amazing, we each had favorites but had a hard time putting them in order of favorites because they each made us angry. Why angry? Well, my friend James stopped our waiter to complain. Saying "I'm angry because I will never in my life be able to find dessert this good except for here."  The waiter didn't know how to react so we sent him on his confused way.We're some heavy appetite kind of guys. We'd like to think if we were trapped in a cave by a wall of hot dogs that we could eat our way to safety. However they really overload you with food here. I think there was a noticeable wobble in our steps as we exited the place.For four of us it came out to about $740 or so plus a few drinks and tip. The dress was business casual and it never got too loud to hold a conversation. I'd love to come back here next time I'm in town.
4	I honestly loved this restaurant but the main reason one goes to a steakhouse is for, what else, steak. I was seated right away for my reservation and I started with a glass of Dr. Heidemanns Bergweiler Germany 2005 Riesling, which if anyone is a fan of Riesling like me, you would love this wine. They brought some warm, moist, and buttery rolls that were just delicious.I started off with the Foie Gras. It was a nice chunk of warm Foie Gras with I believe some kind of sweet beet salad next to it. This dish was simply amazing. The flavor combination between the two just went with each other like Pb&j and was by far the best Foie Gras I have had. For my entree I ordered the Skirt Steak. It came out the way I ordered it, medium, but it just didn't hit the spot for me. It was very salty and the flavor just wasn't there. I told my server I was in Las Vegas celebrating my 21rst birthday and to my surprise they brought me there Vanilla Bean Cheesecake with Fig Compote & Sweet Cream and a glass of desert wine which was simply delicious. It made up for the steak.Overall I would have given Craftsteak 5 stars but the whole reason for going to a steakhouse is for the steak and they failed in that department for me. Service was 5 stars throughout the dinner and enjoyed the ambiance a lot. The room is dark ,warm and sophisticated which I like in a steakhouse.
5	My husband and I went with another couple and everyone was happy...which never happens!  We ordered the family style or shared menu and it was excellent and filling for only $60 per person (not including tax, gratuity and drinks), $100 per person after all was said and done.  That included a choice of three appetizers, a few meal selections and sides, a beautiful dessert assortment and a glass of wine with each course.  OUTSTANDING!!!  You don't need to order for the total amount of people in your group either.  We ordered for 3 and got two additional sides.  I was leery going into it because it takes a lot to fill my husband, but this hit the spot!
5	AWESOME.I highly advise that you order the Chef's special menu (changes seasonally) which is basically a flat fee per person and includes a variety of dishes.  It's actually a pretty decent deal considering all the food you get and it's all top notch.  I doubt you can really go wrong with anything on the menu though.  Everything we had was excellent from the appetizers to dessert.  The wine was also amazing.This is a great place if you want a memorable dinner while in Vegas.
3	The steaks here were good but I wasn't blown away. We ordered the heirloom tomato starter and the foie gras w black mission figs. The foie gras was warm & the figs were cold-I wish the figs had been heated and carmelized slightly. Mr Q had the roasted filet mignon for $54-he said it was a good cut of meat but lacked flavor & oomph. I had the kobe waygu style flat iron for $64 and it was small but tasty. We also had the mushroom assortment for $24. BEST part of the meal, hands down. Total damage for 2 steaks, 2 apps and a side, and 2 cocktails? About $270 with tax. NOT worth it, IMO for what you get-I've had much better and more memorable meals for half the price. We wanted to really treat ourselves on this trip & this meal did not feel like anything special except for the price tag.
5	Holy Crap! Soo good! 5 years later still remember how good it was
5	Fantastic!!!! I had the filet mignon with blue cheese and the banana foster for dessert. Both were incredible. I would dine here every night if I could. Forget the places with teh big names - Ruth Chris, Donavan's. This place is far superior! Read most these reviews THIS IS THE PLACE TO HAVE STEAK.And I know steak now  pretty well after 2 weeks in Argentina!We went again in March09. The filet mignon is worth the extremely expensive price. I can't rave enough about the food. Get the mash potatoes. This is the first time we had the mash potatoes and we will always order them again.
5	Best meal of our lives is a good way to describe this place.We took the opportunity to try their tasting menu and honestly it was the most delicious meal that I've ever had.  I'm still raving about it and anyone who has visited Craftsteak shares the same fanatical love for this restaurant.We had:The diver scallops, which were cooked just right, with the perfect amount of sear.The chicken was juicy, flavorful and plump, I've never been able to find a chicken as well done since.Overall, this place is marvelous for contemporary American steakhouse cuisine.  Unless you've got deep pockets, it's best to save this place for special occasions or when they offer special fall/summer tasting menus.
4	This Review will be for the advertised "Fall Tasting Menu" specials going all over at the MGM Grand.  I've always been a fan of Top Chef and thus had to make a stop at Tom Colicchio's place.  The Fall tasting menu at Craftsteak is only $79 and is served family style, drastically different than traditional tastings.  For appetizers, you are served 4 separate dishes which include lobster bisque (very delicious with big chunks of real lobster meat), a tasty caesar salad, large slices of prosciutto, and roasted red bell peppers.  The salad was mild and good.  The prosciutto itself is pretty standard, nothing special and the pepper as well.  4/5 for the apps.For entrees, the fall menu includes kobe sirloin and skirt steak.  The kobe sirloin was really terrible - there are other reviews suggesting the same.  I personally felt that it had absolutely no flavor and was very chewy .  On the bright side, the skirt steak was supremely better and was one of the better steaks I have ever tasted.  It was very tender for skirt steak and full of flavor as that sort of traditionally robust meat should have.  Needless to say, I was really surprised.  For sides, you are served family style again, a sweet potato puree, jerusalem artichokes, and sauteed spinach - all very standard and nothing special.  "As memories serves me right" (ironchef) the dessert was a dark chocolate lava cake with expresso ice cream.  By the time, dessert rolled around, I was really too full to enjoy it - it tasted just okay.  Overall the portions here at Craftsteak, especially for the tastings are extremely generous and will leave you super duper full.  The food is above-average but definitely not that fantastic.  If it is in your budget, I would suggest getting better tastings like their Wagyu Tasting for $130.  Those steaks are most likely exponentially better and worth your time and money.  It actually might be better to order a la carte because the point of visiting a steakhouse is for the steak and not the fluffs like appetizers and sides.  Enjoy!
5	If you go to Craftsteak there's really only one dish to focus on:  Braised Short Ribs.Quick story:  I used to live/work in Las Vegas for MGM Mirage.  This is the parent company that owns lots of hotels, including the MGM Grand.  When I first started, I met with the VP of Food and Beverage at MGM Grand and as we walked the hotel to discuss the restaurants, he told me "Todd... if you want a steak, don't go to Craftsteak.  The steak is good, but it's actually better at SeaBlue.  You go to Craftsteak for the Braised Short Ribs."My Yelp friends, this dish is the F'n bomb!  You will literally die right there in your chair at the MGM Grand.  The short ribs are braised for hours until they are so tender you can barely get them out of the copper pot they are delivered in.  The juice/sauce is heavenly as well.  The steaks are great too.  I think the VP undersold them.  Great ribeye, filet and many other cuts too.If you have the budget, I highly recommend the Chef's Tasting Menu.  Just ask them to swap one of the lesser steaks for the short ribs.  Or even better, get your meat on and order the short ribs in addition to whatever comes with the tasting menu.  The appetizers, sides and dessert are phenomenal as well.  One of my favorite places to go for steak.Service is impeccable, the wine selection is outstanding.  The only negative part is the cost.  Being inside a major Vegas casino makes this an expensive place to eat!  But I find it well worth it.
5	went to craftsteak for restaurant week a couple months ago. the meal was seriously a steal. the place was packed because of restaurant week but service was still on point and the food came out quickly. first course:prosciutto (they were out of quail)persian cucumber and watercress saladroasted red pepperssecond course:grilled kobe beef sirloingrilled skirt steak (out of roasted chicken)roasted sea scallopssides:pommes pureesweet white cornshitake mushroomdessert:trio of ice creamsassorted dessertsserved family style of course. it costs $50 a person and it was a feast. everything was executed well except maybe the sirloin. seemed a little too tough for a piece of "kobe" beef. craft restaurants are known for food  is cooked simply and made from the highest quality ingredients. i know, i work at craft in los angeles.
4	Went cuz i'm a huge fan of top chef, the only reality show really worth watching.  Anyways, we got the prixe fixe dinner at $75/person.  Well worth it, considering the quality and QUANTITY.  Service was great too.  Told them we had tickets for ka ad they were pretty good about keeping the courses coming and even packing and keeping the food for us while we were at the show.  Skirt steak was amazing, much better than the kobe sirloin.  On the show, Collichio always says, "respect the ingredients."  The menu items do just that.  Great examples are the roasted red bell peppers with prosciutto and the spinach.  With each, the natural flavor came through, although the spinach was too salty.  They show a lot of restraint in the sauces and such.A great steakhouse with more than just the usual pairings...
3	4 stars for the food.  2 for the service.  More like 1.5.The steak was great.  The service was disorganized and unprofessional and a little sneaky.  My brother ordered a Cabernet at the bar = 15$ per glass.  We sat down to dinner and I wanted some wine with my meat.  I didn't feel like fussing over the wine list so I told the waiter I'd like a glass of "house Cab", assuming this would be no more than 15$.  WRONG it was 25$ and mediocre. Great food doesn't make up for crap service.  Sorry, Tom.
5	No question, my favorite all time steak house. We ordered the Domestic Wagyu tasting menu and it was incredible. The staff was really nice and everyone at our table was dazzled by the courses. "Can I go back?"
3	This was a pretty disappointing experience.  I started out with the mixed lettuce greens expecting some kind of salad but it was just some lettuce mixed with a little oil and vinegar.  I guess they are trying to go with some kind of simple thing but that was too simple.  They gave these little rolls which were decent enough except for the bit of salt on top which you just easily sweep off.  For my main course I had a skirt steak.  It was cooked properly and it was fine.  I could do just as well making one at home.  They really push the kobe/wagyu dishes heavy when you sit down but they dont deserve my business for their $40 steak, Im going to buy $100 steaks from them?  I think not.  I dont remember what I had for dessert.  Probably nothing special since I dont remember it.  This place isnt what you come to Vegas for.  The lettuce thing was kind of a joke and didnt start things off well.
5	expensive but great.  wagyu beef new york strip steak was the best I ever had and most I ever paid.  all the sides were great.  def worth it a treat after a big win at the tables:-)
4	I have been here twice. First time, halloween night 2008 (Friday Night). I went dressed in a t-shirt, shorts, and flip-flops and they let me and my friend in no questions asked (maybe because of lack of business - the place was empty). We sat at the bar.We had the Prosciutto San Daniele. I guess I was expecting more out of this dish. Its just some (high quality) prosciutto on a plate. no seasoning or garnish or anything. I don't remember my friend's appetizer.We both had a New York Strip (the regular $44 one, not one of the crazy $100-$250 Wagyu ones). They were beyond excellent, best steak I've ever had. The service was friendly and timely.2nd Visit:  dec 08 weekend after christmas, Friday Night. I arrived with a total party of 4. We were all dressed casually, in jeans, t-shirts, basketball shoes, etc but it was not a problem. One guy had a hat on and was asked to remove it. We were promptly seated. This time I noticed the restaurant was packed, but there was still no wait even for a party of 4 with no reservation.Apps: friends ordered the prosciutto san daniele and it was the same as described above from last time. No one at the table was really into it.  I ordered the Hawaiian Prawns, they were excellent. I had the 16oz Ribeye this time - the regular $44 one, not the expensive kobe style wagyu beef. It was pretty good but not was good as the new york strip from last visit. 3 of us had the Ribeye and one had the Yellowfin Tuna. Everyone liked theirs. One friend said his Ribeye was the best steak he has ever had. The person with the Tuna said it was awesome.I did not like my side dish, the soft polenta with blue cheese. I love blue cheese so I was excited, but it did not go well with the soft polenta.The bill for 4 people after tax & tip was $500 and we stayed conservative with our food orders (but had a few drinks each) so watch your wallet.
5	"Too... much... beef...."I don't think those words have ever escaped my lips before. There was entirely too much good beef there, what with all the other accoutrements that came with the meal.We did a sort of "steak flight" a multi course meal deal involving Angus Beef and Kobe Beef, which... damn, I'm still reveling about. The decor and style of this place just broods a sort of richy masculinity, a veritable playboy-ness of being strong and forward without encroaching on metrosexuality. It's as if a Wall Street broker made a down town Manhattan version of what he thought a rich style Texas steak house ought to be.All in all this is a place you go to for either an impressive meal, or to impress others with your super credit line, and flashy new suit. It works kinda ok for a romantic meal, but over all, it's a great food dining destination.
3	Maybe it was the hype, but this place definitely fell short of expectations. Didn't try the Kobe selection, but out of the NY Steak, Ribeye, Porterhouse, Skirt Steak, only the Porterhouse is worth mentioning.
5	I definitely enjoyed Craftsteak. I ended up ordering the braised lobster and risotto. I thought both were good but lobster at $70 was a little expensive for this low roller. I went with a party of 7, we all enjoyed the experience.
5	Its awesome like most people say. The service, the food amazing! My personal fave is the desserts.. OH I love me that Monkey Bread! My best advice is don't cheap out and NOT do the wine paring. It adds SO much to the food! And the pours are LARGE not a flight.. but a HUGE 8 oz pour!
4	I did the Chef's Tasting Menu (pre- Cirque du Solei- KA). The amount of food you are given is insane so don't be fooled by the 3 course description. Why it is only an appetizer, entree/side, and dessert menu, you are given at least three large dishes for each course! The service was fine, and we finished with plenty of time to make it to the show. I will say, for as hard as Tom Collichio is on the participants in Top Chef, I was expected a little more.  Don't get me wrong, it was very good, but I wouldn't return unless I was invited by someone else. My favorite part of the meal was the either the whipped potatoes (side) or the maple/cinnamon flavored bunt/sticky cake thing.
2	Ate here for dinner this week, I was super excited to try it because the menu looked great and I heart Tom Collicio on Top Chef, but the results were dissappointing.  Pros: Got the domestic wagyu skirt steak, it was de-lish.  The portion sizes were huge, neither me nor my friend could finish our steaks.Wine list was good (although expensive) but not just overpriced cheap wine - the wine selections were all $16+ glasses of decent wines. Cons: We were not seated until half an hour after our reservation.Generally slow and not very friendly service, the ambiance felt like a good old boys club.  The waiter kept walking away while we were still talking to him.The side dishes were very plain.  Spinach ($12) was just that - a big pile of cooked spinach with not much flavoring.  Mushrooms ($12-16) were much the same. No presentation to the food to speak of at all.  The worst part about it all was that the steak was so big that it took us a while to work our way through it, and when it got cold, the oil and grease it was cooked with kind of congealed with the fatty-ness of the meat and I just couldn't eat it anymore because it tasted so oily and fatty.  If they are going to give such large portions of such fatty meat, they need to think of a way to keep it warm, or at least not let the fat congeal while you are eating it.  Seemed a bit overpriced for what we got.
3	My newly wedded wife and I were really looking forward to enjoying a great meal at Craftsteak.  We are both fans of Tom Colicho on Top Chef and it was going to be a treat.  However, we were quite a bit disappointed.The restaurant itself was very nice and had a great ambiance.  I loved the decoration and the way the restaurant was laid out.  It had a very open floor plan but was very quiet.  The tables and chairs were awesome!  We had the fall tasting menu for $75/person which consisted of the hanger steak, the wagyu steak, and the scallops.  The presentation of the dishes were in very nice looking skillets and the steaks and the scallops looked absolutely delicious.  However, when we started tasting it, I have to admit that the best dish was not the wagyu steak but the hanger steak.  The wagyu steak was cold and chewy.  I had expected a "melt in your mouth" sensation but didn't get any of that.All the other dishes were great.  The appetizers were very good and the desserts were very good as well.  However, their signature steak dish really disappointed me.The main reason I gave the restaurant 3 stars was really the service.  When we were first seated, we got great service.  Our water was never empty and our server was very attentive.  About 1 hour into our dinner, 2 large groups came and sat down in the tables next to ours.  From that point on, I could not get anybody's attention and had to consistently ask for water or service.  That was very disappointing for such a top rated restaurant.  Incidentally, I felt that I got better service at the Burger Bar at Mandalay bay.
5	I followed the advice of fellow yelpers and went with the short ribs, one of the best meals of my life, hands down. You HAVE to try the short ribs.  The wagyu tar tar and rib eye were also so, so, good and I spent many years working in steak houses; so, I'd like to think I know a good steak when I try it. Even the potato gratin side left me raving. The wine list is extensive and there is something for everyone. Service was great. I also loved the modern decor and the big booths.  I will come back next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Well, like others have said, this was a VERY disappointing experience.I love Tom and have been trying to go here every time we visit vegas but it is always booked up.So, I finally just took a 9:00 reservation figuring after a full day of walking a convention we would have some time to relax and then go enjoy our dinner all the more.First problem - they lost our reservation and actually told me that if you make it online through MGMs website that it often fails.  Great - good to know.  Luckily I had checked as we were walking by earlier in the day and they went ahead and put us back on the list for 9.Next problem - table wasnt ready.  Others have said this also.  Really.. how hard is it to have the tables ready?  Plenty of other restaurants of lower quality can do it with ease.  So we waited another 20ish minutes at the bar -starving!Service was awful.  Others have said this as well.  Our waitress had a couple of large tables and it was obvious that we were not worth her time.  Im paying a lot of money and I had to pour my own overpriced wine.  Our server and her "helper" which did not help us at all so Im not sure who exactly she was helping - had a 10 minute conversation about something very in depth while we were wating for our food - which took forever!We didnt even start eating until 10 - ridiculous.Food:Lobster Bisque was excellent - had a good amount of lobster in it and was creamy and yummy.  Wish we had stuck to just that but...My husband got the New York Steak for $44 and I had the Sirloin for $56.  Not worth it - not even one little bit.  I can buy and make these steaks for half of that and I would cook them correctly.  We both ordered Medium and my husbands was Medium well and mine was Medium Rare.  We had waited too long for our food as it was and our waitress was nowhere to be seen so we didnt send them back.They werent awful but they were so basic - nothing like I expected.  I figured it was going to be the best steak Ive had - thats what I was hoping and what my experience at Charlie Palmer was like.But the worst part was our side - Kale with smoked bacon.  They told us they didnt have any left and then all of a sudden there was one order left.  We are assuming it was left at the bottom of the smoker and they "found" it for us.  It was the worst thing I have had in a long time.  Nothing but smoked flavor and the kale was like kale jerkey.  If Tom had been there I would have asked him what he was thinking, but no one was there, because like I said - service was awful.Oh... and the wine list - soooo overpriced.  I mean you expect that somewhat and thats fine, but when the average price of wine on the menu is $150 and you know you have had that wine for about $40 elsewhere - thats just ripping you off because they can.We felt like suckers after our dinner here.  Lured in by the name and nothing to show for it.  Oh - I guess the portions are large and you have leftovers - great - because most people are there on vacation, without a way to eat leftovers.  Suckers.
5	Sugar Bear and I dined at Craftsteak before rushing to the Cirque du Soleil show, KA. We had to request the earliest possible reservation so we could fit in a multicourse meal. MUCH to our delight, they have a special 'pre-show' meal that is MUCH cheaper than regular meals. It was 3 courses, and we chose to add wine pairings. We began with cocktails prior to our appetizers. Then a lovely wine with a large variety of appetizers arrived. I was already feeling full, and tipsy, when our entree and next wine arrived. We could not finish everything and it was time to get to the show. It was an emergency! Food courses were left and we had to leave! What were these two foodies to do? Our 'craftily' accommodating waiter came to the rescue! He bagged up our left overs and kept them in the kitchen while we went to the show. He invited us to return after the show to enjoy our desserts and final wines at the bar upon our return. How is THAT for great service? When we returned, our waiter was swamped with other customers. He did not work the bar area. But, he came over to serve our desserts AND checked on us to make sure we were still happy before we finished. We had already paid our bill and tipped him before the show, so he could have totally been done with us. He really went above and beyond in the realm of customer service. Great food, great service, BEAUTIFUL restaurant. You REALLY need to go here if you are in Vegas.
5	This place is straight ballin'This is now where I go to get a steak while I'm in Vegas.If you like good food, eat here.And keep the pen when you sign for your bill!
5	You want to be hypercritical of the place, given the scathing remarks Colicchio throws at the Top Chef contestants.  But then you realize he's the head judge for a reason.  Craftsteak was a precision performance, reminiscent of the Blue Angels, executed expertly from beginning to end.The hostess was able to accommodate our last second switch from party of two to party of four.  No problem.  No delay.  It was as if they were expecting it.  The table had already been set for four.Our waiter and his assistant (Eric and Franciscio--how often do you remember the names?) were top notch, ensuring us a well timed courses.  Our water glasses never approached empty.  Details.Our group decided on the special prix-fixe/tasting menu they happened to be offering.  For $75 per person ($105 with three wine pairings), we were treated to family style service of a variety of fantastic dishes.The starter was a lobster bisque, which was superb.  I'm not exactly sure what the seasoning was, but it might have been saffron, and just enough of a hint at that.  There were just enough pieces of lobster so that it was not too heavy as a starter.  Delicious.The next course included Caesar salad, roasted peppers, and prosciutto.  Yum, yum, and yum.  We knew by then that we were in for something special.Main dishes:  Sliced Kobe sirloins, a marinated skirt steak, seared scallops, with sides of sweet potato puree, fried artichokes, and creamed spinach.  This is where we turned into savages, ate with our hands, and communicated in snorts and groans.  Everything was cooked perfectly, seasoned perfectly, portioned perfectly.I cannot tell you what the four dessert samplings were.  I remember them being brought to the table.  I remember they looked nice.  I remember spoons.  Chocolates, creams, fruits.  It's all a dream to me now.  Colicchio mentioned the importance of a good dessert on last night's episode (restaurant wars) and I now know that he is a man of his word.You might balk at spending $210 for two people for a "tasting" menu, but you definitely get your money's worth with this menu.  There was more than enough food to go around.This will go down as one of the great dining experiences of my life.  As I lay in bed later that night, the best kind of indigestion interrupting my sleep, I thought about how difficult it must be to achieve this level of perfection.  And I thought, you poor, poor Top Chef contestants--good luck to you!
5	Man am I stuffed....Too much good food. The lobster bisque and braised pork are everything I could have hoped for. Definitely not healthymix...especially with the risotto that I had (so very buttery). The service is wonderful, attentive and warm. I definitely recommend this place for everyone with a large stomach.
3	Had a lovely dinner here on a recent trip to Vegas - sad to say, the restaurant was only 30% full, much like the entire city, it seemed.  But, all in all, a good experience.Service was friendly, efficient, and altogether non-obtrusive (although, ultimately, was the cause of my deducting a star...I'll get to that in a minute.)  Started with a well poured martini and the frisee salad - delicate frisee with sizable chunks of warm, smoky bacon, bleu cheese, and a warm champagne vinegarette.  It was a nice start to the meal, accompanied by warm fresh rolls that could have come from my grandmother's oven.  Delicious.Ordered a bottle of Mollydooker and had the bone in ribeye cooked medium rare, ordered it on the rarer side of medium rare, and it was cooked perfectly.  Came out sizzling on its own small platter with a roasted shallot, and was seasoned to perfection, just enough salt, pepper, and (I believe) thyme.  Also ordered the side order of mushrooms (hen of the woods, shitake, and another that I am failing to remember - enoki, perhaps?) and the potato leek gratin - sinfully delicious.  My coworker ordered the shortribs, and really, really made me wish I had - although my steak was delicious, the shortribs were some of the best I'd tasted.We finished sharing a delicate chocolate souffle with warm, perfect caramel sauce and ice cream.  Yum.  Not usually a dessert person, but it was really, really good.  While not among the best meals of my life, this would be a very solid choice if your carnivorous cravings strike while in Vegas.  So - why just A-OK?  Well...I know that times are a little tough in Sin City right now, but MGM has heavily advertised their winter tasting menus at all the restaurants.  Thus, while I was happy with my meal, what I really wanted was the tasting menu.  At an advertised $60 pp and $30 wine pairing, I was really looking forward to it.  However, when I asked our server about it, he said he'd never heard of it, and that the only tasting menus available were the kobe beef menus (part of the standard menu, from $135/pp - $255/pp before wine.)  Not the case, as it turns out.  That menu WAS availalble.  So, deducting a star for what I can only assume was either total stupidity or a deliberate gouge, turning my $90/pp dinner into $150/pp.  Either way - a star deducted.
5	Hands down best steak ever.......and it should have been.  When I go to Vegas I don't mess around when it comes to food.  I try and enjoy myself as much as I can really at whatever price that may be.  You only live once so you damn well better enjoy the food you eat. This was defintely the most expensive meal I've ever had but again was probably by far the best.  I did the Chef's Tasting of the Waygu beef, the Platinum level.  Its the most expensive thing on the menu.  It seems like a lot of money and not to say that it isn't but considering I could easily lose the same amount gambling in 1/4 of the time, it makes the meal well worth it.  I believe the chefs tasting was a 5 or so course meal and every course was delicious, the worst part was the chocolate souffle at the end but by that time I had enough and I wouldn't have expected anything to taste all that great at that point.  (So I dont want to say it was necessarily bad).  I'd definitely recommend getting the steak done no more than medium rare, generally anyone that knows anything about steak will tell you the same thing, this allows the steak to stay the most tender.  The main course of this tasting was a filet and a rib eye.  Generally I love rib eyes, not a big fan of filets since they are one of the least flavorful pieces of steak since they are so low in fat.  Well both pieces were absolutely amazing and while I'd still say the rib eye was better the filet was better than any other steak I've had anywhere else and that says a lot.  So the bottom line is if you want to splurge for yourself for a special occasion or just because this is one place I'd definitely recommend with confidence.
5	Several of my girlfriends and I went on a Friday night in August for a bit of a celebration of us all being in one place and looking darn fine.  My boyfriend managed to talk the hostess into giving us a table on about three hours' notice.  (I still have no idea how he managed that!)  We walked up about 5 minutes early and were seated immediately.We all decided on the summer tasting menu, with most of us choosing to also have the paired wine flight, as well.  The meal is served family style, and the portions were just about perfectly sized.  Everything was beautifully fresh and prepared with skill.  The courses came out in good time - without being stacked up or leaving us sitting with nothing new for too long.  The wines were perfect.  The server was engaging and knowledgeable, but not obtrusive.  The decor was elegant and dark and airy.  Nothing is overdone here.I wish I could tell you more about what exactly we ate, but we were having such a good time that I couldn't take notes.The only downside to the whole experience was the roving photographer.  I really dislike when restaurants do that.  Otherwise, everything was very well done.I thought the tasting menu to be an excellent value for the quality and sophistication of the meal.  This was not the most extravagant or elaborate meal I've ever had, but it was wonderful and flavorful - just extremely well done.  Everything allowed us to enjoy each other's company, and the food, with ease.
5	Saturday night was the highlight of my trip. Besides watching BJ PENN get the crap beaten out of him and ending up at Rain to watch Paul Oakenfold do his thing, my night started out with a big bang at Craftsteak.  We decided to order family style, we had the kobe filet, I think it's $185. A surf and turf, the skirt steak and the braised short rib. We ordered, risotto, broccolini, asparagus, mushrooms, and scalloped potatoes for our sides.  And we started our night with the beef tartare, fries and a caeser salad. Everything was absolutely delicious. My company was two flaming queens and a texas bell cougar. Craftsteak was awesome but my company is probably what made the meal extra special.
5	I had been wanting to try this place for some time, knowing that it was esteemed chef Tom Colicchio's restaurant, and the experience was divine. The ambiance was very simplistic, not extravagant, but at the same time very elegant. Our service was excellent as well; the server was helpful with picking out a wine (I think the cheapest wine on the menu was about $44 so be prepared to spend some $$ if you plan on drinking). The food itself was fantastic. My only complaint was that our server did not make it clear whatsoever that the portions are family style. If you are ordering a side dish, it's definitely enough for two or three people. For instance, she asked me if I wanted to start with a salad. I ordered the frisee salad with bacon and blue cheese (which was amazing). She then proceeded to ask my grandma if she wanted a salad as well. Luckily, she declined and when the salad came, it was a dinner sized portion. We split the salad and there was still a lot left over. For the main course we both ordered New York steaks and I ordered a side of asparagus, and my grandma ordered the side of pureed Yukon gold potatoes. Everything was delicious, however, we had tons of leftovers. If I were to do it all over, we would have just ordered one steak since the portions were very generous. Overall, it was a great experience. The service was good, the food was fantastic, I am glad we finally made it out here.
3	Good, but not great...Sloppiness in the kitchen prevented this from being a better review than it is, but if the kitchen can make mistakes like these, I have serious questions about how good they are.We all had salads for our first course: - The Caesar was enough for two, but the dressing was boring to say the least.  No brightness of any sort. - The baby beets were good, though again the dressing was much understated - that is to say, mostly olive oil. - The arugula was fine, but again nothing special. - The roasted red peppers were fine, though oily.As for mains: - The New York strip was cooked perfectly, but was served a little above room temperature.  I would have sent it back, but figured that if I did so, I'd be getting my steak while everyone else was having dessert. - The filet we had at the table was excellent.  However, the portion was huge. - The flat iron steak was a bit small and not cooked medium well as requested, but the taste was excellent. - The grilled salmon was cooked properly and was deemed to be wonderful.Sides: - Asparagus - grilled to death and greasy  - uck! - Brussels Sprouts - what can you say about food cooked with bacon - yummy - if not a bit greasy.  (We ate all of them.) - Potatoes - we ordered Fingerlings but got whipped Yukon Gold.  (We didn't request a change since it was not worth worrying about.)  The whipped potatoes had enough butter and cream in them to clog the arteries of the people at the table next to ours.  Consistency was a bit too much like baby food for us, but they were very good.Desserts: - Ice cream - not much to say about that - Monkey bread - very good, but very rich - Banana brioche bread pudding - okay - I'm still waiting for the taste of the banana.For the price of the meal, the portions were very generous.  All of the sides were big enough for generous helpings for two or three people.  However, the fact that the kitchen sent out a cold steak and grossly overcooked asparagus gives me more than ample cause for concern.All of the staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful.All-in-all, a very good value for the money, but the kitchen needs to clean up their act.  I would give them a second chance, but having been to other steak houses in Vegas, it would be a hard sell, since we know of better choices with more professional kitchens and exceptional service.
1	Listen and Listen well. If you have a modicum of taste, if you have ever had a steak in Nebraska, if you like flavor, then aviod this poorly crafted steak place.It's funny to think  that Collichio has the audacity to rip other chefs.  Craftsteak is no better than Outback.  There were so many infractions on the field here I dont know were to begin.  The first yellow card was waiting for an inordinately long time for service.  The waiter was slow and dilatory.  And, his explanation on mushrooms was not even an explanation.  I asked what types of mushrooms were listed and he said, "just get the assortment you will get all the mushrooms then."  Thanks Casper, thats a hell of an idea.  I could have thought of that one myself.  But, I would still like to know what types of mushrooms I can anticipate. The second yellow card, came with waiting after I had finished my beer.  I was not asked if I would like another until the meal was served.  That was 10min after I finished my first.  Two yellows is a red.  Now you are a man down.The thrid, fourth, and fifth yellows came in quick succession.Some idiot in the back went hog-wild with the Sea Salt.  I thought they pulled the cow from the bottom of Salt Lake.  Ya know Collichio a little salt goes a long way. If there is a chef in the world who can actually impart flavor on to asparagus, then he aint working at Craftsteak.  You know make the veggies exciting.  I guess Toby from Top Chef said it right, "its like the bland leading the bland."  The ribs and steak were not lean. They were infused with fat.  Our cows definitly had Type II diabetes.  They were the fatest cows in the lot.  Given their poor taste and texture, they were probably Nascar fans to boot. I really wouldnt care so much but dont try to be a top notch steak house.  I've had better steaks in Portland, Omaha, and Worcester. Save your money go for a mid range restaurant and buy your girl a nice gift.  But, dont even think about spending one moment in the most uncomfortable chair in the world just to eat this unsavory hodgepodge of mediocrity.With so many infractions, all I can say is Chef Collichio please pack up your knives and leave.
1	Maybe I have been spoiled living in San Francisco or had very high expectations.  But Craftsteak was very mediocre at best.   The server was not knowledgeable nor could offer any helpful advice on what to order.  Halfway through the meal he disappeared and we did not see any waitstaff at our table for at least twenty minutes. Though at the end of our meal, a more pleasant waitress did show up.The food was very bland, I felt that the asparagus was over cooked and the mushrooms still had a gritty feeling in them.  My beef ribs seemed like they were marinated in the dead sea.  Salt is not the answer for every meal.  At the end of the meal, my boyfriend and I were not pleased with the food and felt like we should have went to a mediocre restaurant like Outback down the street, because at least it matched our expectations.  My boyfriend wish we could go back in time and instead chose that route and used the money instead to buy me the matching DY ring that we saw a few hours ago.  Instead I have this yelp review.
3	Craftsteak, though still good, is not the same restaurant that got me to write a 5-star review in June.My main gripe is that for the same price, you are now getting much less food. I was there this past weekend and again a group of eight of us had the Wagyu tasting menu. Gone is the Kobe tartare, replaced with a salad of just lettuce. Gone also is at least 2 cuts of steak while the remaining cuts seem smaller than before. The shitake mushrooms were very dry this time. Our table was also not covered with endless deserts like last time. Rest assured that you will not go hungry but it's no longer the extravagance it once was. And for the same ~$200 per person bill, you definitely have better choices now.If I go back, if, I would opt for something a la carte next time.
3	After reading great reviews, we opted to come here.  We were definitely not WOW'd at the food and even disappointed a steakhouse would have such dull crappy steak knives!  Get better utensils, please, Chef Tom.The service was alright but the food on the other hand, was disappointing!  We had intended to order the wagyu tasting menu but our waiter could not explain to us what was on the tasting and instead confused the heck out of us. Starters:He ordered the quail and I ordered the foie gras.  The two little pieces of quail were nicely seasoned and tender but certainly did not blow us away. However, the foie gras was delicious.  The sweet candied kumquat accompanying the savory sauce created a perfect harmony with the foie gras.  We really enjoyed it.Then...we waited for twenty minutes between our starters and main dish which really was a bit longer than we'd liked!Entrees:I ordered the American Kobe filet mignon which was a HUGE disappointment.  I had requested for medium rare but the steak was cooked a bit more medium than I had liked.  Not to mention, the heavy handed seasoning defiled the filet.  The "hint" of blue cheese seared into the steak overpowered the tender cut and detracted from the meat.He ordered the "regular" rib eye which was half the price of my American Kobe and it was DELICIOUS!  I don't ever regret ordering anything but boy did I absolutely wish I had ordered the rib eye too!  It was the one redeeming part of the meal thus far.Side dishes:The Jerusalem artichokes were absolutely delicious (lots of fiber too!) It was cubed and reminded me of "country fries".  It was well seasoned and absolutely not oily at all.  It had great texture and the flavor was satisfying.  The Tuscan kale and smoked bacon, on the other hand, was way too salty.  We had to say something about it, and the waiter indicated that this is the response they often get when this dish is on the menu.  They took it off our bill and brought  us a different sauteed vegetable.  They explained that the smoke bacon adds the salt to the dish but as the kale sits and the sauce reduces, the overall dish becomes saltier.  YIKES, disappointing.Dessert:I ordered the panna cotta which was an extremely sophisticated, or as my honey puts it, "adult" dessert.  The panna cotta is infused with jasmine. Think of the panna cotta as a delivery mechanism for the jasmine flavor. The texture adds interest.  When tasted by itself the scent of jasmine is very strong which I enjoyed but he thought was too strong.  The panna cotta sits on a macaroon and when eaten together, it is a perfect contrast of chewy and creamy (not milky tho) and the floral scent adds to the overall experience.  The serving plate is drizzled with honey and thinly sliced asian pears accompanies the dessert.  There was a lot of components and maybe even a bit too much going on, but I liked it.  He had ice cream which he called "kiddy dessert" - simple but excellent.Excluding alcohol, our bill was $270, which in absolute terms isn't expensive per se, but in terms of the value we were expecting, it wasn't really worth it!  At over $110, the American Kobe filet was a BIG disappointment.At $24, the foie gras, although tasty, was a really small portion for the price.  The kale was just overall salty and blah.  I really wanted to like this place more.
5	Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.........I had the most scrumptious Valentine's Day of my life.  Craftsteak definitely delivered on its Yelp rating.We arrived on time and were seated immediately in a little screened in booth. All of the ladies were given a rose that evening.  :0) There was plenty of room for the four of us, and we were served immediately by our two waiters, Kevin and Robert.  They were fantastic, really knew their stuff, and were even able to teach me a thing or two about beef!  And I have watched about 4,000 hours of foodtv.  We wrote a note to the management about how wonderful Kevin was, he really knew how to sell and treated us all to impeccable service.We ordered their current special, the tasting menu, but as far as tasting menus go this was fantastic.  We didn't have to choose one item per course, it was served family style and we were able to sample everything off of the menu for $60 per person.  What a flippin' deal.We had roasted red peppers, beet salad, a green salad, as well as quail to start.  The sides came out, yukon gold mashed potatoes that were almost liquidy they were so smooth, shitake mushrooms, and bacon brussell sprouts.  Then we had skirt steak, flatiron steak, diver sea scallops, and we ordered an additional pot of short ribs to share.  THESE WERE AMAZING. I would swim in the short ribs if I could... but I can't so I just had to settle with eating too much.Dessert was also incredible, served with sides of home-made ice cream.  The liquid chocolate cake was by far my favorite... served with coffee ice cream.WOW.  Get here any way you can and bring an empty stomach.  You are going to need it for those short ribs.
5	Hands down the best steak I've had in Vegas.  I went for dinner with the pickiest eaters I know and everyone was more than satisfied.  Even my jaded brother had something good to say.
4	Took my man here for his bday last Friday night. Well, he paid, so technically he took me. When I made the rezzies I asked for an intimate table, and I was so happy with the very private booth they gave us. We decided on the Winter Tasting menu since we wanted a lot of different tastes (and it's a good deal for this place, at $60 a person). You can add a wine pairing for an additional $30 a head, but we're not big wine drinkers. I added the Lobster Bisque because it's one of my fave soups ever, and it didn't disappoint. $18 gets you a big tureen of it, with luscious chunks of lobster meat too. Soooooo good. They also bring you a hot pan of pull-apart buns that are super yummy. The starters were okay, he loved the quail, and the roasted red peppers were to die for. Neither of us like beets, so that dish was lost on us, and the mixed greens are precisely that- a plate of mixed greens, rather plain. Next we got Flat Iron Steak, Skirt Steak, and Scallops. If I had known that the scallops would be the best I've ever tasted, I would have just ordered a plate of them! The steak was meh, good quality but plain. The sides we got were forgettable, except for the Pureed Yukon Gold Potatoes. We practically licked the pot they came in! By dessert I was ready to explode, but I did try the chocolate cake. It had a crunchy shell filled with pure melted chocolate! The home style pistachio ice cream on the side was also heavenly. They also brought us a cheesecake which I am told was wonderful.To sum it up: get the Lobster Bisque, Diver Sea Scallops, and Yukon Golds, followed by the Chocolate Cake. Service was excellent, which you'd expect from a higher end place. 4 stars instead of 5 because the steaks were so boring for a steakhouse!
5	Entire experience was outstanding from spotting Don (husband of Vicky from the Real Housewives of the O.C) to my first time having brussel sprouts and Kobe NY strip,  the BF had Hangar Steak and for dessert we have a Jasmine Panna Cotta with Poney and Pears.I quite do not understand how there are vegetarians out there.  I love the smell and taste of beef!
4	Top Chef: Tom Colicchio, Head Judge, Seasons 1-5I was a little conflicted about the review to give this restaurant.  First, it is an absolutely fantastic space.  They really did a nice job with it.  One of my problems was that the servers totally upsold us on the amount of food we would need.  I'm a good eater, but I was so full by the time the steak came out that I barely had time to finish it.  My recommendation would be to go with the steak and a side dish or two, skip the apps and then see if you have enough room for dessert.Having said that, I thought the hanger steak was very good.  The meat certainly takes center stage, and is well seasoned, but not overly so.  The steak was tender and beefy, just like a thin hanger ought to be.I'd go back, but would change the way I ordered to enjoy it more.
5	I must say... the atmosphere... eggcellentthe service... superbthe food... if you have never eaten kobe beef... you will die when the first piece touches your tongue! Kudos to the master chef for making such excellent food!
5	very pricey, but very well worth it as it should be since its Tom Coliccho's restaurant. One word of advice, do not order to many sides because you will get stuff and have no room for desert. That was the mistake I made. Everything was so damn good, i forgot what the hell i ordered.
5	I believe it was about 4 years ago when my friends and I started to take eating out seriously.  We were in Vegas for New Year's celebration (a tradition) and wanted to eat at a nice place.  We were late at making reservations at any of the nice places, but Craftsteak said if we came at opening (5 pm) they could seat us right away.  I am soooooooo happy we ended up there that night.  The experience was every positive and heavenly descriptive word possible.  We all participated in the chef's tasting menu--uber expensive but well worth it.  There was a plethora of meats (beef, pig, poultry, etc) and side dishes (spinach, mushrooms, onions, etc), appetizers, and desserts.  By the end, we were stuffed to the gills, but omg, really, it was aaaaaaaaawesome.  The second time I went, we got the kobe tasting menu--YUUUUUUM!!!!  Definitely more rich and filling, but again, you will die for it.  The service is excellent, and I always love to see the servers inspecting and wiping the stemware to make sure it is spic and span clean--it means they are serious about this restaurant stuff.  I also appreciate that they treat you well.  I hate fancy restaurants where the servers are snooty, just because it is a fancy restaurant.So a little while later, Top Chef premieres and we find out that the head judge Tom Colicchio is also the head honcho at Craftsteak, which only solidified both my love for the restaurant and Tom himself.  If you're looking for fantastic food and a great experience, come to Craftsteak, you will not be disappointed.
5	After hearing that we were going to Tom Collichio's restaurant I got very excited for my trip to Vegas. This place did not disappoint at all. Hands down the best Steak that I have ever had. My budget only allowed me to get the 14 oz grade 8 steak but I was very happy with the flavors. The steak comes on a hot plate which my friend showed me that you could dip your steak back into it for the sauce aka fats/oils yummmmmmmmmmmmmm delicious. One day I will be back to conquer the grade 10 and 12 steaks but I am extremely happy with what I had.
4	so went here for a friends wedding dinner. Wow. It was a beautiful place, great service...I hate to say it, but the food was almost anticlimatic. We were served the flat-iron steak, the rib-eye steak, and the skirt steak, and unlike our friend Black Angus, it was cooked medium, and you could taste the different flavors. Yum. The sides were pretty good, although I guess after hearing so much about this place (didn't know it was the Top Chef guy's restaurant), I don't know what I expected, except I expected more? The spinach was good, the shitake mushrooms...those were good...the potatoes were fine. It was all fine, but like I said, maybe somewhat anticlimatic.
5	If I could give this place 10 stars, I would!!! 5 for the service and 5 for the food.  I went there a couple of years ago and got the kobe beef chef's tasting menu for two.  It consisted of: one salad, three appetizers, three different options of kobe beef, two sides, and four desserts!  THE ABSOLUTE BEST MEAL I've ever had!  And the 5-star service is because after every course, as soon as my date and I *thought* "okay, we're done with this." they were already bringing out the next course with perfect timing; and our glasses were never below half and by no means was the staff intrusive or annoying -- they were perfect as well!  Total cost for the dinner I think was close to $400, but that included two drinks.  I still say, well worth it..
4	Being a Top Chef fan, had to check out Tom Colicchio's empire of restaurants...unfortunately wichCraft closes at night, so I decided to try the steakhouse.  First, let me say the ribeye steak I had was excellent...simply seasoned, well cooked and flavored, and cooked on the bone.  However, I did have some gripes: (1) the beer selection was terrible...not a huge wine fan, and I like a nice hearty beer, preferably something local or unique, but all they had were the standard Bud, Heiny, and Corona set; and (2) bread service and sides were uninspiring (although interesting in appearance, taste of bread was similar to what you would get in any hospital cafeteria).  Plus for the fresh, briny Kumamoto oysters though...overall, a nice steakhouse, but didnt met my lofty expectations
5	YUM.There were 5 of us and 4 had the ribeye and I had the tuna.The sides we ordered were: asparagus, brussel sprouts, mushroom risotto, leek&garlic scalloped potatoes.Let me say it again, YUM!!The server was extremely helpful and told us 3 sides would've been plenty for us, along w/our entrees, but we got a little greedy and excited. Plus we were really hungry.My tuna was cooked perfectly, the steaks were juicy and sizzling. Out of all the sides, i think the brussel sprouts were my favorite. And the mushroom risotto. The brussel sprouts were cooked so the outside was a bit crispy on the edges and gave a nice crunch when you bit into them, not soggy or overcooked at ALL. The risotto was on point as well, lots of flavor.We also had dessert, which was monkey bread that night with caramel ice cream. That ice cream was delicious but way too sweet for me. The bread was nice and sticky, as monkey bread should be.All in all, it was a great experience eating at Tom Colichhio's restaurant. We almost didnt get a table bc we called and were told taht the next available seat was at 915pm. But we went in anyway and managed to get a table at 715pm instead. Definitely one of the top meals i've had. Granted it's a bit pricey, but you are extremely full and happy at the end of it.
5	wow + wow.  I was really looking forward to a nice juicy and that's what craft delivered.  Since this is a steakhouse first I'll focus my review on that.  I decided to try the domestic wagyu (grade 8) ny cut.  I couldn't have been more satisfied.  The steak was cooked perfectly to my liking.  The steak was unadulterated to let the natural flavors come through.  Having a perfect crust and gradual pink to red inside, the steak seriously tasted better as I ate it.  The taste of the marbling definitely came through.  I could only image what the A5 Wagyu tastes like now.    We also decided to share the yukon gold mash, chantrelle mushrooms, and sauteed spinach.  All 3 choices accompanied my steak very well.  The service was what you expect from a restaurant of this level.  Our waiter was courteous and checked on us just enough not to be annoying.  The rest of the waitstaff was very pleasant as well.  The decor was nice and contemporary.  I wish it was a little brighter inside though so that I could see my delicious steak better.
5	We booked our reservation about a month before even landing in Vegas, and the night before we took a cruise on by to make sure our reservation was still in order for the following night (which it was).To say i was excited about dining here would have been an understatement and if you had to bet on it, well, the house would have took your money!I started with the Yellowfin Tuna Crudo, i could not have a better sashimi at the best sushi restaurants - it was fantastically seasoned with rock sea salt - this may have been the first time that i experienced salt completely elevating dish to a new level.  The couple seating next to us raved about the "best salad i ever had"The bread was actually baked biscuits that came to us in its own little cast iron pan were to die for, nice crispy crust on top and buttery, still steaming as we tore into them.My wife agreed as she ate her mixed greens.I reviewed the sides and our waiter, even though he was busy and had 4 tops & 6 tops on all sides around us, made me feel as if i had impecable taste with the items we ordered...roasted filet mignon for me medium-rare, chicken for Rosaside of fries, wild mushroom risotto, & asparagus....Fries, without questions, best i ever had - did not need anything to dip it in, to do so would be a crime...Risotto had nice, big mushrooms throughout, very creamy risotto but Rosa did say my butternut squash risotto could challenge it any dayThe filet was cooked exactly what medium rare should be, i had a steak knife but didnt need it, i want to avoid the cliche tender, melt in your mouth descriptions but thats exactly what it did, only better than anyone else has ever done it.After finishing, we passed on dessert but were still given a nice little spread of cookies and mini pastries that were out of this world and small enough to not put us over the edge of having taking in too much food.absolutely fabulous experience.  It needs to be relived.
3	I was here with a group of friends, 12 in all. The waiter was friendly, but really wanted to oversell the amount of food. All the dishes are served Alacarte and the vegetable side dish could easily feed 2 or 3 people. One star for the food presentation and 4 stars for the taste.  Everyone got their order except for me. The waiter forgot to place my order! No refill on the water or offer for another glass of wine. By the time my tuna was brought out, everyone was already done with their dinner. They did remove my tuna from the bill, $36.00 off the $1300.00 bill, big deal! No apologies from the waiter but what the hell, he was going to get his tip anyways! I wouldn't return to this restaurant.
4	We went and had the summer tasting menu. The courses were great, and the wine pairing which was extra was really nice. The cheap kobe that was on the tasting menu was not good. Probably just because it was not real Kobe. The sides that came with were amazing. My Friend who hates potatoes eat more than her share! The monkeybread was the best desert i had ever had. I would definitely go back again.
5	Being a big fan of Collichio, Top Chef & all things red meat, naturally I wanted to try Craftsteak and when my wife and I had a less than stellar experience at our $900 p/night Terrace Suite @ MGM (see review) and were comped $100 at Craftsteak, I figured we could come up with the extra $150 to cover the tab for two, so away we went. I'll start by saying that I feel that eating a truly well prepared, quality cut of beef is one of the more enjoyable things in life and Craftseak did not disappoint and truly lived up to the hype. We ordered the winter tasting menu for 2 - beet and endive salads, roasted quail in balsamic reduction, kobe flat iron, braised short ribs, jumbo sea scallops, garlic potato puree, and deserts. I went into this expecting small portions. 1st because its a 'tasting' menu and 2nd because its an above-market place where everything is ala carte. I was wrong. This was seriously enough food for like six people and a truly grand, medieval spread fit for kings! I haven't been to the NYC or LA locations, so maybe they serve up bigger portions at the Vegas spot to satisfy the ever expanding waistlines of the rotund, mouth breathing Mid-Westerners in denim shorts and pastel stretch pants that seem to dominate Vegas. Giant women with high rise stonewashed jeans from Old Navy, white sneakers and short haircuts.. The horror.. People like that though would be much more at home with the $9.99 prime rib @ The Flamingo though so who knows. Bottom line: Craftsteak is top drawer; starting with the excellent service from several waiters who do not miss even the smallest detail. The food is spot on - perfectly seasoned, simple yet artfully prepared and presented. Small details like brushing the tops of the dinner rolls with clarified butter & sea salt.. The quail was amazing and some of the most tender and well seasoned fowl I've ever had. The salads and sides were ok but what truly shines here is the beef. The Kobe flat iron was hands down one of the best steaks I have ever eaten. Since my wife is veg-ish and had only the scallops and sides, I had a lot of beef to consume, so by the time desert arrived I felt like I was going to explode. Desert was also incredible. The cinnamon roll they brought was a phenomenal marriage of molten hot cinnamon, sugar and gooey dough. I could go on and on. Its expensive and for two, with wine, one should be ready to drop a few bills, but somehow, its totally worth it. Sometimes you gotta shell if you want something good.
5	Came here a few times around 6 years ago before I'd even ever heard of Tom Collichio and there wasn't any show called Top Chef.  So so fun to go here with a group of friends and get the tasting menu.  Just like some of the other reviewers said, it is a great meal for sharing.  Service is great, food is great, and the cornucopia of desserts that come out leads to a very festive time.  Pricing for the tasting menu is pretty strong but they have a right to be proud imho.  I wish I could give you more specifics but it's been a minute since I've been there and quite a few rough nights of drinking in between.
5	Had the Chef Tasting a couple of months back and it was delicious! Was it worth the $175? If you're hungry and are in the mood to pay a premium OR if you're a client and someone is paying for it.Since we ordered the tasting, they served us whatever the chef was making. We had the Kobe beef, filet mignon, some other cut i cant remember, and lobster. So much food for three male individuals that we didn't even finish. The wild mushrooms were my favorite!Remember to save room for the desserts. Service was excellent. While my vendor was walking back from the restroom, he was checking out maitre'd and ran into a tables bottle of wine. Completely his fault. But a few minutes later, we were served a free bottle of dessert wine for the trouble!
5	excellent!have walked by here so many times while at the NY NY, but had no idea it was Tom Colicchio's restaurant!very nice looking restaurant. most people were dressed up, but of course there were also the las vegas lazy people in flip flop and tshirts. we got some kinda of 'winter tasting' menu where they just bring you plates of all kinds of things. skirt steaks, mashed potatoes, vegetables, ribs...all were delicious. the roast chicken was really flavorful. i also had my first scallop! didn't really like it, but i'm not all that into seafood. i liked the desserts best. a lava chocolate cake with coffee ice cream and crunchy bits on top. i was stuffed but i still ate it all. they serve martinis with blue cheese stuffed in the olives. i've never had one that way but it was so so good!i think the bill was for around $300. i think it was well worth it. the only downside was that the staff wasn't all that friendly, but they were professional.there was also a lady who takes pictures. we had some taken, and she returned with wallet size photos and a larger frameable one. i think that was like $85 or so.
5	Right off the bat, 5 stars!!!Why? After the best tasting steak the 5 of us ever had to date, along with a Chilean red wine we selected as our dinner wine, Craftsteak is a must!  Our waiter had graced us with 2 complimentary wines during the course of the evening once he figured we were in Vegas celebrating a bachelor party and meeting the bachelor himself. Officially our pre-drink began at Craftsteak :) We didn't even have to wait until we got back to the room! Later that evening, XS nightclub @ the Encore was our next destination (refer to my review on XS nightclub).A few of us ordered the Japanese "A5" Wagyu beef (ie. 12oz, strip steak, etc) and from the first bite, we were sold. This was the best tasting steak we had ever tasted....period!  I personally went with the strip steak and each bite caused the little hairs on the back of my neck to stand up and bring shivers down my spine. As for our sides, we went with Romaine hearts caesar salad and shiitake mushrooms (yum!).  The atmosphere is similar to other Las Vegas steakhouses so business casual wear is sufficient.  T-shirts and flipflops, please don't!The next time I'm in Las Vegas, I plan to visit other steakhouses but for those of you looking for your first steakhouse in Las Vegas, you can't go wrong with Craftsteak @ MGM Grand.
5	Took the lil woman here and we got the tasting menu special for like $75.  First, I was impressed by the portions.  Usually a tasting menu means only a few bites and lots of courses.  Here we got our pick of soup, salad, 3 appetizers and 3 courses.  Had an authentic caesar salad with anchovies which was really good.  For appetizers what stood out to me was the raw proscuitto and red peppers in olive oil.  So fresh, so flavorful, so satisfying, and not greasy.  We had two kinds of steak and scallops for the main course and also got 3 sides.  Overall a very satisfying meal and we had leftovers!
4	Not your average steakhouse - if ur a fan of Waygu beef - definitely come here.  Good overall. Went for a group business dinner - restaurant is gorgeous!  Beet salad was tasty - tried the braised short ribs and skirt steak both fabulous.  Mushroom medly and jerusalem artichoke sides were my faves -  Ate at Craft Dallas earlier this month and thought their sides were better - nothing with Truffles on this menu which was a mini dissapoint...  The bread pudding and chocolate lava cake is worth the visit alone.  Service was top notch.  would definitely come back the next time i'm in Vegas....
4	Great food!  Got the Winter tasting menu for $60/pp. and the wine tasting for an additional $30.  It included:quail- tasty, moist, cooked perfectlysalad- averagebeets- deliciousscallop- sweet, perfectly cookedflat iron steak- one of the best steaks I've had, drenched in a buttery sauceskirt steak- again very goodMonkey bread- very good chocolate cake- warm served with ice creamThere was tons of food.  They didn't skimp on the wine either, 3 full glasses.  thogh...I think I would have preferred just buying a single bottle that I liked.  The wines were OK.  Would have given this place 5 stars easily, however we had reservations at 9... didn't get seated till 9:45.  The hostess said that if we had drinks at the bar, they would be on the house.  Of course they were on our bill.... and I was too tired to argue about it.  but overall great food and value.
5	I'm drooling just thinking about this place... *DROOOOOL*BEST STEAK OF MY LIFE!!!!My boy took me here for my birthday. It was a GREAT gift!! =) Also, I'm a HUGE Top Chef fan so I was so excited to discover when I go there that this restaurant is owned by Tom Colicchio. =DThis place is for people with deep pockets (or shallow pockets filled with plastic! =D) and a PASSION for steaks. This place might be pricey but it's definitely worth the experience. =)For starters...Lobster Bisque: YUMMY!!! =) It tasted great! I just wish there was more of it! There were chunks of lobster in it also. I love this soup, but N9ne Steakhouse at the Palms Hotel was better.Wagyu Beef Tartare: This was the first time I had eaten tartare. O... M... G... THIS IS A MUST HAVE ITEM!! I could eat this all day! The portion was surprisingly big AND filling. The wagyu beef is so tender. There's so much flavor in it. Even if I can't afford a whole meal here next time, I want to come here JUST for the tartare. I want some nooooow!We were getting kind of full from the appetizers (and the bread they gave us), but we had to get ready for our entree...Wagyu Beef Rib Eye: This was the KING of all steaks! Totally mouth watering! It had TONS of flavor. It came in a cast iron casserole pre-sliced. It was cooked a perfect medium rare. It was nice and moist and had nice grill marks on the outside. I definitely suggest to try this if you've got the funding for it (the steak alone costs about $100).Sauteed Mushrooms (Side): The sides come seperately here. Great mushrooms. It's hard to go wrong with sauteed mushrooms though. =P It went with the steak very well. The grand total for two appetizers and ONE steak for the two of us to share came out about $200 (including tax and tip). One day I'll come back and be able to afford a steak for EACH person. =P A girl can dream!
5	Craft steak was flawless in every way.  I arrived with my party about 10 mins early just in case there was a wait.  As I sat there I noticed the interior, perfectly classic steak house, wood everything.  Dark oaks, redwoods and even pine.  Aw the faint smell of wood finish is unmistakable and wonderful when you sit down to a hearty meal.  There is just something about the smell of pine and oak that goes with a 12oz steak.Our server came over to us promptly and introduced himself.  Charm filled the room, every wait staff had a smile ear to ear.   The Floor manager came over next.  We were all dressed in business attire and casual wear, nothing special at all.  After all it was 110 degrees outside so some of us were in shorts.  None of this stopped him from coming over.   He just came over to introduce himself and make sure everything was to our liking. We started our meal with artisan breads. The favorite of the table was the kalamata rosemary bread. Wonderfully salty and airy, perfect way to get us to drink 2 more cocktails each.  A good restaurateur will understand the need to up sale through cocktails and a good way to do that is salty snacks,I had the New York strip with Natural Ju and Thyme.   It came sliced into perfect  inch cubes with a  inch fat cap still attached.  All I could think was thank god you kept the fat on there.  I got a side of roasted mushrooms with my steak. I'm a sucker when it comes to mushrooms, especially when they are prepared as simple as possible. They were simply pan roasted in clarified..... also known as liquid gold.All in All for experience, atmosphere, food and service they get a 5, but when I go into a place like this I expect nothing less then a perfect evening.
5	food was great. i ordered the salmon and it was cooked perfectly. it was flaky and had great flavor. i had shitake mushrooms and potato puree as sides and had a piece of my friends bison steak. the mushrooms and puree were whatevers and the bison was actually pretty good. its a leaner meat thats for sure. what i can remember though is the service was the best that i have ever had. it tops cut and sw steakhouse. my water was never empty! a bonus there was seeing tiger woods eating right next to us!
3	MGM has some awesome restaurants - Shibuya & Fiamma - and I just found another one - Craftsteak.  The service was nothing to write home about.  The service actually needs a lot of help.  Our server sucked ass.  He got our drinks wrong, we had to ask for refills, and when we asked to be sat on the same side on the table he was snooty.  Ok dude, you are a waiter.  Don't be snooty with me.  Your job is to serve me - for the next 2 hours you are my personal slave.  Get my meal, smile, say yes to my every request and bring me another martini or I will bitch slap you.Other than the shit ass service, the food was tasty delicious.  We got a Caesar salad that came with a little anchovy - cute but gross to me all at the same time.  You should skip this.  Save your calories and your dollars for the main course.  We got the big ass juicy rib eye, the amazing mushroom risotto that came covered with little toasted mushrooms, and the most amazing almandine green beans.  I would have stuffed myself with the green beans until I threw up if I could.  I ate so many of them that I had to skip dessert.  Watch out the photographer that comes around.  They want to charge you $90 for like 2 5x7 photos.  I think they photoshop those suckers.  I looked really good but why would I want to waste $90 on photos when I could get more green beans?
2	I have got to tell you- this is the first time that I have been let down by my fellow yelpers! Maybe it was just a bad night for the chef- but here are some details of our experience: 1. The service was fine. However, the person who served us didn't fully explain the three course menu (Surf and Turf) to us, so we thought we were getting one appetizer, two types of steak with three sides, two lobster tails, and one dessert. What we got instead was three appetizers, three sides with two steaks, two lobster tails, and three desserts. It was just my husband and I! This could easily have fed about 4-5 people. 2. As a result of #1 above, we paid $500 for a meal that we hardly could finish 25% of. Since we were from out of town, we couldn't save any of it. What a waste. Then again, not sure we would have eaten the leftovers because it was so bland and disappointing.3. For the appetizers, we had beef tartare (we thought this was all we were going to get), grilled Hawaiian prawns, and Caesar salad. The beef tartare was pretty good, same with the shrimp. I thought the salad was lousy though- the anchovies on top were tart instead of being brined. 4. According to all of the reviews, the wagyu rib eye was supposed to be the best steak ever. What a let down! We ordered ours medium rare and it was cooked too much- so I recommend anyone ordering this to order it rare- at least that way you can have them cook it a little more rather than overcook it to start. It was bland and dry. 5. The skirt steak is the cheapest steak on the menu- about $69- and guess what? Way better than the wagyu. We would have been better off ordering just this a la carte. All the steaks that I have ever had at Ruth Chris have been better than this. 6. The sides- everyone is always raving about the sides. The Yukon potatoes were good, not great. The Jerusalem artichokes and the shitake mushrooms were all average. Again, the sides that I have had at Ruth Chris were all way better than any of these. 8. The lobster was average- nothing special about it at all. I have had better from the frozen section at Trader Joe's. 9. The only dessert that my husband ate was the Monkey Bread, and the only one I ate was the chocolate lava cake and the red pear sorbet. We were so full, and not even happy full if you know what I mean. Again, we have both had better at other places. 10. So $500 for way too much food that tasted average? So not worth it. The steaks with lobster were $155 each, and my husband had ordered the wine pairing. Wine was average, the pours were generous, but for average wine you don't really enjoy it that much. I love good food and am not afraid to spend money on it. French Laundry cost us about $600 and was worth every penny. This was not. Nobu cost us about $300 and was way better than this. Daniel Boulud was about $150 and again better than this. From our experience, the high end restaurants in the older hotels did not live up to the hype- the newer ones all did (the exception is Nobu- that place is a must visit when in Vegas). Go to Ruth Chris if you want a good steak!
5	I thoroughly enjoyed dinner here.  The filet was delicious, it was served on a iron skillet which kept it warm.  Eat it fast as it practically melts when you first get it.They have a huge wine selection, it was like looking through a telephone book.I thought the crabcakes were terrific, I definitely recommend those.Its obviously not going to be a cheap meal but I think its reasonable for the service and food.  Sometimes you just have to live a little even in this economy.
5	very good steak house, quality, freshness, taste and service, but it is expensive and ala carte, inside the MGM,,,,,best to have reservations if you go....
2	Well, like others have said, this was a VERY disappointing experience.  SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!!!!I love Tom and have been wanting to come here since I heard he had a restaurant in Vegas.  However, service was awful.  Others have said this as well.  My waiter took forever to come over and take my drink order, and forever to come back to take my food order, and i had to practically flag him down throughout the meal whenever i need anything like, i don't know, a pesky refill.  Pissed me off really, because, as usual, I was dining alone, and i felt like I was being ignored somewhat for this reason.  What, you don't think you'll get as big of a tip?  Because I noticed he was really friendly with some of his more populated tables.  Plus, I had a relatively early dinner reservation, and there was no reason for him to take a hundred years to return to check on me, since the restaurant was not full when I was there.Anyway, in addition to the service, i was highly disappointed in the food overall.  I ordered the Wagyu filet - I think.  It might have been the Kobe filet mignon.  See, that's evidence right there how terrible it was because I LOVE cow and I can't even remember what I ate here.  All I know is it was a filet since that's all i order and it was ~$125 for 10 ounces or so, a la carte.  Now, I ordered it well done, and that may have been part of the problem, because other posts have mentioned getting the steak at medium or medium rare doneness.  I understand that you preserve the taste of the meat this way, especially with really expensive cuts, but I personally prefer not to hear Moo's or have my dinner walking off my plate, so I'm sticking to fully cooked.  To me, the mark of a great steakhouse is whether they can properly cook a steak well done and leave it juicy, and in the case of filet mignon, i feel like butterflying it is cheating.  But i digress.  I ordered the damn steak well done and it sucked bigtime.  I kept wanting to ask for A1 steak sauce all night, but I fought the urge since it seemed inappropriate to slather such a nice piece of meat in sauce.  (However, when I got to my room later and saw the 6 ounces of steak leftovers I had remaining, I silently kicked myself for not grabbing some A1 from the cafe downstairs in the hotel).  In addition to the dreadful steak, I had what was possibly the worst accompanying side dish EVER.  I am speaking of the Tuscan Kale - capitalized because of its notoriety.  Ordinarily, I love kale, and I especially love bacon.  I mean, what could go wrong here?  EVERYTHING!  The dish was WAY too salty (I don't care if it over-reduced in the pot or the bacon makes it saltier - shouldn't you know that before you serve it!?!?  Taste, taste, taste your food, chefs) and it was WAY too much.  I mean, I had enough kale leftovers to satisfy my vegetable requirement for a week.  It was a nightmare I tell you, and since I didn't finish it that night and had no fridge, it made for yummy, i mean yucky, smelling leftovers the next morning when i woke up from an alcohol-induced coma.  So wrong in so many ways.After these mishaps it was all i could do to get out of this place, no dessert needed.  I don't care what you other yelpers say, this place will never ever see me again.  Period.  I had a much better steak at Brand in Monte Carlo or even at the Outback in front of Casino Royale.  Seriously.I too, feel like an idiot for being excited to eat here.  I figured the way Tom is always harping on other chefs about taste, his shit would be on point, excuse my language.  I guess the portions are large and you will definitely have leftovers - likely because it was too nasty to finish the first time - but I would save your money.  If you happen to be in MGM I'd go for L'Atelier definitely over Craftsteak.  Next time I go there, I will be walking past this joint, with not a second glance, and heading straight to SeaBlue or Shibuya.
5	I think at this point we go to Vegas specifically to eat here.  The last time was possibly the best meal I've ever eaten.  We chose the tasting menu, which is a huge amount of food, and everything was simply perfect.  Considering the amount and quality of the food, the $60 price tag actually seemed like a bargain.  The service was flawless (thanks Patricia) and the atmosphere is too cool for school.
5	First off, I love this place.  I've eaten here a couple times which is saying a lot because I like to try new restaurants everytime I'm in Vegas.  For a restaurant to bring me back again is big.  The service staff at Craft is fantastic, from suggestions on entrees to wine pairings.  They are very knowledgable and attentive.  The tomato bread soup was the best I've had, and the steaks are high quality and cooked to perfection.  Everything was delicious down to the sides and desserts.  On the pricey side, but well worth it.
3	Hmm...I honestly think that Crafsteak is a bit overhyped on Yelp. My boyfriend and I ordered the tasting menu this past weekend, and it was just allllllright. Potato puree (basically mashed potatoes), quail, and chocolate souffle dessert were the standouts and all very very good (the souffle AMAZINGLY so.) But for entrees, both types of steaks were just okay..scallops were pretty lousy. I've made better myself, and they were on the smallish side. You'd expect big juicy plump ones considering you only get TWO! Ironically, they serve you HUGE PORTIONS of everything else. It really is way too much food. They focus on quantity over quality, for reals.Other than the food, the service was great, and the ambiance is kinda cool...not what I was expecting though. If you're looking for a romantic/fancy steakhouse type of place for a date or special occasion...try somewhere else. I'd recommend Craftsteak for groups as their portions are HUGE and it's pretty casual and not pretentious at all.
4	We recently dined here because it was the closest restaurant that was still open for dinner service at 10:45pm on a Saturday. Here are my comments: 1. Service - On the okay side. I think there was a little bit of confusion with the wait staff managing our table and two wait staffs kept asking us about water and placing our orders. But, the wait staff did do a good job in outlining choices and offered us the suggestion to go with the tasting menu, which was a really good deal for $60/person. 2. Appetizers - They were alright. I didn't really enjoy the shaved fennel that much because it was very bland. The garden salad tasted a little bitter. The quail was fantastic! 3. Entree - I thought the entrees was very good. I really enjoyed the flat-iron steak and the skirt steaks that was part of the tasting menu. They cooked the meat just the way we asked for and it came out with very powerful flavors. I didn't really enjoy the potato puree as much. I felt it was a bit salty for my taste buds. The Spinach was really nothing too special. I did like the mushroom side dish and it added a bit of a punch to our meat. 4. Dessert - We had a chocolate molten cake and a also a sticky bun type of item, which we really enjoyed. 5. Portion - Big portions. Our tasting menu could have easily fed 3 people. My girlfriend and I were stuffed midway through the entrees and we barely dented our desserts. It was sad to see such good food go to waste but we weren't going to bring it with us to the hotel. Conclusion - Big portions, big flavors, great meats, be choosy on the on sides. I would definitely come back again!
4	Dressy?  Sure.Pricey?  Sure.Damn good steak?  Sure.Would you come back when you wanted meat in a very low lit environment?  HELLZ YAH!STOP filling up on bread Doug...yes, you can have these too...bread was good.As a group of 6, we opted for their special taster.  4 of us even got the wine taste which included a red, a white, and a dessert.  the dessert wine was from italy, very sweet...very delicious.They are able to provide alternatives, like huge scallops, for non-red meat eaters.  Sorry Win, might not be the best place for you,  but I want my steak.Caren, we were there for the same weekend...our scallops were awesome, steaks were good but not the best I've had.  I didn't touch the quail, i used to have some as pets.  Don't ask...It was fun tryin the 5 types of steaks, judging them, then eating more.The potato puree was well whipped creamy mashed potatoes....mmmmmmThere was this bread pudding....very nice.  i normally do not eat bread pudding, but I had to try this one.  The pear ice cream, sorbet...very interesting in a good way.Bring friends here for a nice dinner in Vegas.  It is an experience to at least try it for once.located in the back of the MGM, bathrooms are outside.  i love the hanging lights.
3	Before I go to Vegas I'm told you "have" to try Craftsteak. Its Toms place from the Top Chef TV show. Cool! I'm staying across the street at the Hooters Hotel and I know this place is in the MGM. Great! After meeting my buddy in Vegas and pretty much drinking all day, there is only one thing I want to do, eat a great steak dinner. Yeah! We have 6:00 reservations and so I stop drinking at 2:30. I jump in the shower and put on nice clothes. My buddy? He keeps drinking until 5:00, runs upstairs and is ready at 5:40. We walk over to the restaurant. I was looking forward to this place for dinner. We start talking about Iraq (Herbert Walkers Iraqi war) and how we knew all the blood that was spilled in the mud, etc.. He starts getting loud and is WOLFING down bread that was out of this world. It was baked in a small tray with Kosher salt on top. We ordered two lobster bisque's that were OK. I'm from Long Island, I want more lobster in my soup, thank you very much Tom. I quickly order a steak for two, Asparagus and spinach sides and the waiter who was great throws us a free potato dish. We ordered a medium rare steak. The steak was almost RAW in the middle, I give those pieces to old drunky. I'm coming back to Vegas in a few months with my family, If I would have ordered this meal and was served uncooked meat at these prices? I'd be calling Tom at the TV studio and have him cook the friggin steak himself. 3 stars because the bread was really, really good
5	Now this is eating.  American kobe steak.  The hands down greatest steak I have ever eaten.  American kobe (wagyu) beef is a cross between the full Japanese cow and Angus.  This was done because the wagyu beef is extremely marbled, almost white and thus not as appealing to Americans.  Plus American kobe is alot less expensive since you only need one kobe cow to tango.  That being said Craftsteak does actually have 100% wagyu but it is crazy expensive.  They also have non kobe steaks, which are damn good.  Have tried the new york and it was awesome.  But I am here for the kobe steak.So back to the meal, Craftsteak is located in the MGM Grand hotel.  I've been here twice now.  You can either order a la carte.  Steak, appetizers, sides, deserts etc, similar to other places like Ruths Chris and Flemings.  Or you can get a one of their taster meals, the basic one being $130 a person.  Pretty damn expensive but wow, that is eating like a king.  I've tried it both ways and its great either way.Appetizers include kobe tartar which is awesome.  Sides like baby broccoli, sauteed mushrooms, and the spinach are good.  The potatoes are not as good as other steak places I've been to.  The deserts are pretty solid as well, ice creams, monkey bread, etc.  Most importantly though are the steaks.  The Flat iron is noticeably different from other steaks, but the kobe skirt steak, their signature steak, and kobe ribeye are awesome.  The ribeye is richer, almost too rich, than the skirt and is probably better but the skirt is definitely more manageable.  Both are great but if you are ordering a la carte and have to eat the whole steak yourself, get the skirt.  A la carte, the skirt is also 35 dollars cheaper as well.    The various samplers are expensive and worth it if you are very hungry.  But most people will not finish their meals and to leave any kobe steak over would certainly be a sin.  Also remember that kobe steaks are more filling than regular steaks, so choose wisely.  I find that I am fine ordering the kobe skirt and 1 side.  This place is excellent.
5	I had the best meal ever here. The spring tasting menu is a great deal with only an extra $30 for the sommelier wine pairing. We got to taste 12 different dishes all of which were so simple but truly perfectly prepared. The best proteins of my life. Come hungry because it is a ton of food!
5	Fantastic..The Kobe beef sampler and braised short rib are a "MUST"..  Worth the $130 price tag for the tasting menu..Every bite was better than the last..  I make it a point to eat at Craft Steak every time I go to Vegas.
4	I've been wanting to try Craftsteak for a while...especially since I'm a big fan of Top Chef and Tom Colicchio.  It was our last night in Vegas and I was with a group of girls that can appreciate a good steak...a perfect opportunity!  We made reservations for 9pm and they were very accomodating when we moved the reservations to 9:30pm at the last minute.  We ended up being seating towards the front of the restaurant near the bar.  It was kind of a strange location, right in the open where people can walk by in the hotel.  It actually ended up being fine since the back of the restaurant seemed a bit more dark and reserved.We ordered the following:Caesar SaladArugula Salad w ParmesanPersian Cucumber SaladPorterhouse for two (shared among three girls)Skirt SteakThe salads were delicious.  The portions were big as well.  The stand-out of the night was hands down the Porterhouse.  It was incredibly juicy, flavorful, and perfectly cooked.   AMAZING!!!!!!  On the other hand, the skirt steak was not cooked to my friend's request, which I consider a big no-no especially for a fancy steakhouse.  The service was a bit disappointing... it was on the slow side, we often had to look around and flag down a server or waitress.   Overall, we had a great experience at Craftsteak and I would definitely come back for the Porterhouse and to try something new.   We were wishing we had a little more room for more food,  but we didn't want to overeat and be too full for going out later.  :)
5	Holy cow.  The Spring tasting was A.M.A.Z.I.N.G.  (does that look as annoying as it was to type out?)  Whatever -- completely worth the $60; I was almost depressed we couldn't bring back leftovers.Top notch: I'm sad to say, top of my list was the potatoes.  And I say "sad" only because I love meat so much.  But the potatoes aren't top of the list because the steak wasn't amazing -- cuz holy cow, those steaks were, and those scallops? craazy good -- but the potato puree (read: mashed potatoes) were SERIOUSLY CRAZY GOOD.  Seriously.  i could dream about those potatoes, and it's been a week.My key lime pie martini was perfection.  Woulda been heaven if it were rimmed in graham cracker crust.  And I felt bad b/c I ordered it to start out with, and then got self-conscious when we started with appetizers almost immediately after I was served the drink, b/c duh, it's sooo sweet, it's like a dessert.  And then our server came over, concerned I didn't like the beverage b/c I let it sit, oh, practically the entire meal (though he'd checked with me right before our 3rd course if it was to my liking -- very nice).  The wine pairings were also fab - -bestest was whatever was paired with the meats course.  Holy cow -- I'm not a wine fan, but I almost ate the meat solely to enjoy the wine more.  Almost ;).I also, personally, loved that our server was trying to politely, but strongly, discourage us from ordering a steak well done, pretty much :D -- but my friend is pregnant, and explained that as much as she loathed ordering a steak well done, she had to.  So he called it "medium plus" and brought her her own steak, so that (even though it's all served family style) my other friend + I could enjoy the steak at its bestest.  And oh, we did.And then the desserts -- heaven.  Even the bread pudding, and I don't like bread pudding!  The chocolate lava/souffle was heaven -- perfect texture of a brownie/dense cake, gooey REAL chocolate center, and a bit of crustiness from some sugar crystals.  WOW.  Monkey bread -- who'd have thought that would make a good dessert? I've never had it before, so I certainly didn't, but -- it totally was.Yums.
5	Craftsteak is awesome. I've been several times. The food is brilliant. Great drinks. Beautiful restaurant. Friendly, attentive service.I recommend the grilled rib eye steak and a nice martini. Also, the persian cucumber salad is to die for. The Jerusalem Artichokes are very nice. Really, it's all good. A fine, fine experience. Ask for one of the booths.It's expensive, but not out of line with other fine steakhouses, and more reasonable than some. I actually enjoyed it more than Prime in the Bellagio (although Prime is very nice, too), and more than Delmonico's in the Venetian.
5	The short version of this review is: this place damn near made my eyes roll back in my head from pleasure.Longer version: I hit the bar with a friend while we wait for the rest of our party and start with my fav aperitif, a negroni. Bartender makes an excellent one, not quite as good as the one I had at Locanda Locatelli in London (best negroni ever) but still pretty fine. Oysters were delicious, rest of the party arrives and we move to our table already in a great mood.We shared two appetizers, the yellowtail hamachi - which I loved but some at my table were not so fond of the citrus garnishes on it (I want to say it was maybe mandarin), and the charcuterie sampler which was a hit all round. Sometimes you can't go wrong with the simple apps.Then the steaks. I had the filet and others at my table had the new york and the sirloin, and before long it was musical chairs...only with steaks. We all passed them around a bit and tried each one -- all were great, purely a matter of personal preference. Great steaks were to be expected though, the real surprise was how good the sides were. Aside from the fingerling potatoes which were a bit bland (but how much can you really do with a fingerling?), the wild mushroom risotto, the soft polenta and blue cheese and the mushroom assortment were all spectacular.Throw in a nice bottle of Flowers Sonoma Coast Pinot Noir and you've got a bunch of pretty happy campersAt the end there was some dessert but I really don't remember what it was -- by that point I was soaked in food bliss. Can't say enough about the service either -- feels like there were three of four people working our table over the course of the evening over and above our principal waiter. All very attentive, courteous and professional but never overbearing.Not bad, Colicchio. Not bad at all. Even if you are mildly annoying on TV.
5	Another wonderful dinner at Craftsteak! It was packed when we were there but the food and service were tremendous. We ordered the kobe tasting and it was so much food we thought we would explode. The brussel sprouts and mushrooms were notable. Everything delivered. Not a single bad dish in the lot. And the service was just fantastic. Not intrusive, but just the right touch. Worth every penny and I can't wait to go back. Bring an appetite (and perhaps a fridge in your room for all the leftovers!)
5	I hit this place back at the end of March and holy shmoly, were we spoiled!  I jokingly bitched to my cousin Andrew what a shortcoming of theirs that sometimes I had to exert myself by pouring my wine (The wait staff were persistently adding wine to our glasses and perhaps, two or three times (sigh), I had to do it myself.)  Not to mention that the wait staff would immediately fold up any napkins off-handedly left at the table when someone would go to the bathroom.  Of course, I jokingly complained to Andrew how they would only fold the napkins on the outside of our booth (where they could easily reach them) and not fold the napkins left on the inside our booth, where they couldn't see them.  ha ha, how fastidious I can be.  Oh yeah, and the food was super-fabulous.  Our party of four got the tasting menu with the wine pairing.  We savored our food and wine so much that it became an epic, 3-hour affair.  Not once did the staff make any comments or innuendos that the table was needed for another party or that we should get going or anything like that.  Then they happily obliged and wrapped up our leftovers, so we could enjoy our great meal twice, later, as it happened, after a night of drinking.
5	The ONLY steakhouse worth going to in Vegas.  Tiramisu cocktail highly recommended.  ANYTHING with Kobe beef.  Spend the money for it,  worth every penny.  Desserts are incredible (love their creme brulle) Gallagher's in NYNY is good and so are some of the others but they are not even close to craftsteak at the MGM.
5	You tend to not want to buy in to restaurants that have celebrity chef hype but man, the food from Craftsteak is hands down one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth. I was fortunate enough to attend a private brunch here for the Vegas Uncorked events. Having never been to Craftsteak, combined with the mass feeding of 200 people, you always go in with reservations that you're going to get food that has been churned out with the quality of mass production. Not the case here. We were served a 3 course brunch with 5 dishes per course. The more the food came out, the better it kept getting. Every other word out of my mouth was "wow" or "holy sh*t this is good". Ok the latter was in my head. Among the notables, braised pork belly that melted in your mouth and the wagyu skirt steak in salsa verde that was cooked to perfection. I am a carnivore at heart and wow, those were seriously some of the best pieces of meat in my life. The food is simple too, nothing too overtly gourmet and complicated. Simple food, tons of flavor and noticeable quality. If this is the kind of food they serve at an event I fear how awesome it would be on a regular night when you're getting something made to order. The service was impeccable. If you got up to go to the restroom you came back to your napkin being refolded in your spot. It's details like that that set a place apart. I want my dining to be an experience, to be memorable. Craftsteak delivered that and more. The decor is swank, dark and well designed. Ambiance to the light of Edison bulbs? Combine that with amazing food and you got a win win situation. I really like what Tom Colicchio has done with this place, it is truly one of best places to eat in Las Vegas. Hands down. And well, sometimes celebrity chefs deserve the hype, he is one of them.
5	This review is for the Vegas Uncorked Mother's Day Brunch.  I arrived about 25 minutes early and there was already a line almost back to the casino floor.  While we were waiting they passed out Mimosa's and Bloody Mary's.  Definitely a nice way to pass the time.  When we were seated, Food Writer Alan Richman and Chef Tom Colicchio spoke about Mother's Day and the changing face of hunger in America.  It was quite special and moving to see these esteemed professionals share such an important message. Now onto the food:1st Course:Scones with Creme Fraiche and Market Preserves.  The Scones were so good I finished mine without putting anything on them!Seasonal Fresh Fruit.  A nice selection of Melons, Berries and Pineapple.Pickled Farm Egg with Roasted Beets, White Anchovy.  Never thought I'd like this, but the combination of flavors was just fantastic!Chilled Maine Lobster and Artichoke Salad.  I KNEW I' d like this one and I Loved it!Wild Arugula with Shaved Pecorino.Standard Salad, but the cheese took it to another level.House Made Porchetta with Mustard Fruits. Wonderfully rich and fatty with a contrasting sweetness from the fruit.2nd CourseBelgian Waffle with Warm Fruit Compote.  My least favorite dish of the meal.Sous Vide Eggs, Asparagus, Morels, Ramps.  Stunningly delicious.  The Morels were absolutely fantastic!Wagyu Skirt Steak, Salsa Verde.  Tender and Flavorful.Braised Kubuta Pork Belly.  Best Pork dish I have ever had!  It almost brought a tear to my eye.Creamed Spinach Gratin.  Just OK.Desserts(So full I only tried two.)Frozen Chocolate Souffle.  Rich, Creamy, Chocolatey. YUM!Lemon Verbena Pavlova, Strawberry Sorbet. Light crispy shell, sorbet tasted just like fresh strawberries.This was a fantastic dining experience. The restaurant is wheelchair accessible and based on the quality of the food and service, I will definitely return for dinner in the future.
3	As usual, looking for a nice sit down at the time of night that you should be finishing dinner but you would think that for Vegas that wouldn't be so hard, but it is.Thankfully we were getting a meal on the MGM so we had to go to a restaurant owned by the MGM...Craftsteak was the restaurant of choice.Service was okay but don't really like being seated in the area that looks like it's the bar lounge as opposed to being seated in the actual restaurant.  The tables for some reason made us feel like we were sitting miles away from each other but it was just a round table...strange!Menu is a bit weird but we ordered fine enough with the waitresses help.  Food was good but didn't like the fact that the steak came in this skillet that was placed on a plate that's not flat.  Try easily cutting a steak when the surface is not sturdy, not nice!!  Asparagus was good and the wine was complimentary.They didn't rush us out which was nice but we were too tired to stay anyway...nice restaurant, good food, good service, but for some reason...not sure I'd come back...not the greatest vibe I guess...
3	While the service at Craftsteak was wonderful, the food, especially the new york steak seemed to lack what you would expect from a high price steakhouse. The menu is a la carte making your meal rather pricey in the end. Nothing was bad but nothing was spectacular either. For the price I'm sure you could find a better steak on the strip.
5	I came here with my girlfriend and we tried the Winter Tasting Menu. We were escorted to the back of the restaurant and were seated facing the entire restaurant. The decor was very interesting and modern. It is very dim inside like most upscale steakhouses. We were first served with the Hawaiian rolls, and at this point we were starving so I scarfed them down, but I tried to refrain myself from eating too many because I wanted to leave some room in my stomach for the entrees. The tasting menu came with 3 types of salads including a baby beet salad, roasted red pepper and mixed baby lettuces, and a grilled quail. Honestly, I can't choose which of those appetizers I liked best because they were all so good. My gf loved the beets, however. Our main course came out, and we were stunned at how much food we were getting for what we paid for. We got flat iron steak, beef skirt steak, scallops, potato puree, shitake mushrooms and brussel sprouts with bacon. We worked so hard trying to finish our food because it was so delicious, but there was way too much for us to handle. For dessert, the waiters brought out the monkey bread with hazelnut ice cream and banana bread pudding. They were soo good that we ate it all even though we were stuffed from the dinner. We were in serious pain for about 2 hours while watching KA.
3	Oh Craftsteak....I have such mixed feelings about you....but, one dish does not a restaurant make....I was lucky enough to be invited here by some charming locals who had the insider info (locals get 2 for 1 entrees), and was told that the ONLY thing to order was the A5 fillet. Well, they were right, that $200, lovely piece of meat was the best thing I've ever tasted in my entire life. So moist, tender, and yum..... my mouth is salivating at just the thought.I could go on about the steak forever... however, I must stop myself and describe the rest of the fare. The salad my lovely Genevieve M ordered was lackluster as well as bitter. Our charcuterie plate was delicious! The sampling of mustards was divine, and the little pretzel rolls were adorable. The selection of salami, prosciutto, and mortadella were perfection. I did enjoy the side of carrots, but the potatoes were lackluster as well as the french fries.The service here is impeccable, and the decor is very nice. I found the iron skillets the steask come in, a little  teeter tottish....but cute in concept.I would say that everything here is very basic, lemon, salt and pepper.... now, the A5 is amazing, and I will definitely be back for the 2 for 1 deal.... if I can find a local to go with ;) ...or perhaps I get a Nevada ID?N9NE is still my fav though.....as a whole you want not just the steak to be good, but the sides as well.
3	In this all american steakhouse we ordered filets that cost more than a full tank of gas on an escalade.  Despite sitting at the bar, however, the ambiance was perfect with low lighting, fresh baked breads, and very curteous staff.The food is the average american fare of steaks, sea food, and salads; prepared with simple ingredients, served a la carte, at not so simple prices.  One filet and one steak, asparagus and garlic potatoes au gratin on the side, chased down by two jack daniels and a coke: $175.00.  Good food, but not worth the price.
3	It's pretty solid.  However, I'd say it's running 3rd or 4th place behind Stripsteak, N9NE and Cut in terms of steakhouses in Vegas.Everything here is very elementary and pedestrian.  Almost every dish is served by itself, cooked with either olive oil, butter and/or a dash of lemon, that's it.  For example, the prosciutto appetizer is just that-prosciutto on a plate.  The mixed baby greens are just that-mixed baby greens with a vinagrette.  The steaks come a la carte, and nothing is made with any creativity whatsoever.  However, I will say that our charcuterie plate was pretty damn tasty.  The fresh baked bread rolls that everyone seems to be raving about on here were BORING, however.  You guys need to raise your bread standards.Our meal wasn't bad by any means, but I guess I need a little more pizazz to really impress.  The carrot side dish was good, and my steak was pretty decent, but again...it just didn't compare to Stripsteak.  It was a bit season-less.I won't put up a stink if someone wants to go there again in the future, but it's not going to be a top choice of mine.OH- and none of the steak is hormone/antibiotic free, sustainable or organic.  FYI.
4	i finished my 12 oz. new york strip steak. cooked perfect medium rare, with a nice charred sear on the outside. this was complemented by side dishes of field greens, mushroom medley and wagyu tartare. my only problem is, i can't give 5 stars to a steakhouse other than the very best in my book .. which would be .. like peter luger's or keen's in ny. the interior looks similar to craft in new york. i would describe the look as urban or refined cowboy. lots of leather, lots of comfy seats, industrial elements, and nice wood touches.
4	I went here to take my friend out to a birthday dinner, and this place was fantastic. We did the tasting menu so we got to sample everything! The proscuitto was a bit too salty for me. I enjoyed the roasted red peppers, and the prawns (flown in fresh from Hawaii) in a light citrus butter sauce were phenomenal. My friend fondly reminsces about this place. Read: these prawns would play a prominent role in her last meal on earth. Now, the steak! It was very well marinated and moist. For dessert, the sorbet was a great light way to end our meal.I highly recommend this establishment.
5	Top Chef should crown judge Tom Colicchio the Top Chef of Judges. Craft Steak's service, ambiance and food is perfect.I have never had better prawns IN MY LIFE. My friends and I had the tasting menu. We bought it for two people and split it among three. It was very affordable for the type of place Craft Steak is.
5	One of my best meals as of June 2009.I have tried 'WichCraft in SF and was impressed from the execution of concept by Chef Collicchio. I am a big fan of Top Chef but I was not going to let that create a biased opinion. I was staying at the MGM so I chose to have dinner at SteakCraft.Started with Foie Gras (perfectly done with cherry chutney) and Fresh Oysters from the east coast (cant remember which) which tasted fresh out of the sea. Entree selection was the grilled 16 oz. Ribeye prepared Rare. It was incredibly moist and tender (melted in my mouth). Despite the delicate interior of the steak, the outside did not lack the punch. There was a nice smoky flavor on the exterior, which was also well seasoned. Fresh thyme leaves enhanced the 1-2 punch combo contrast of a well flavored, savory-smoky exterior with a butter-soft interior. Sides were Mushroom Assortment, Garlic-Leek Gratin, Snap Peas. Mushrooms each had their distinct flavor and texture. My favorite was the White Shimeji which had been flavored with butter but texture was delicate. The Garlic-Leek Gratin was so silky smooth (although bad for the heart) was very soothing to the soul. The Snap Peas were crunchy and cooked to perfection, allowing the natural flavor of the peas to be first priority. The service was executed flawlessly. As my table was ready to straggle out, we were gifted with a generous serving of sorbet and gelato. We started with the Strawberry, and systematically moved to the Peach, Black Cherry, Malt Chocolate, Carmel, finishing with Pistaccio. Each was rich with flavor, no cutting corners here. As a true steak destination, the selection was well available. From Roasted to Grilled, from Lean to Marble to Super Marble (Wagyu and A5), there is something for everyone. But it's not just the high quality of meat that enters the restaurant (all implications intended), it's the preparation and technique that truly masters the bull by the horns. Chef Collicchio and Executive Chef Seeber have masterfully subdued this animal. Hats off to you!
2	Too many BAD reasons for me to give this place anything more than just 2 stars.1st off, I made reservations weeks prior to my meal, yet they tried to seat us in the bar area. (which was very noisy and had people constantly rushing by)Finally, they seated us in the main dinning area, and I noticed plenty of tables opened. For the prices they charge here, that is really unacceptable!Service was slow, so so sooooooo sssssslow. Gosh! The lobster basque was ok. The steaks were average at the most. The only thing that really stood out was the bread. Oh, also, if you wanted to have a quiet romantic evening, this is NOT the place to go at all. There are so many large tables everywhere, which made the place looked like a large food court. I guess it's perfect for large groups of drunken folks since they probably wouldn't be able to notice the slow service or bland food.
4	Went during Restauraunt Week here in Las Vegas and the food was delicious. Although we were suppose to get the quail, they had run out and replaced it with prosciutto (reason for 4 stars because it was mighty salty and not equivalent to eating quail). We had the grilled kobe beef sirloin which was delicious. The diver sea scallops were tender and moist. The dessert was melt in your mouth good.
3	I love Tom Colicchio and was so excited to come here....but I was not impressed. We made reservations here for our last night in Vegas and we both just wanted a really nice, juicy steak. I first ordered the fresh mozzarella "salad" - this wasn't a salad. It was fresh mozzarella topped with a tomato concoction. It was tasty but I was expecting more of a salad since it was listed under the salads. My boyfriend ordered the lobster bisque and was very happy with it because it had big chunks of lobster. For our meals, we each ordered a 10oz filet, shitake mushrooms, asparagus, and au gratin potatoes. We were brought our food and both of our filets were room temperature..not hot at all. We don't like to make a scene and we were hungry so we sucked it up. Also, we both ordered our filets medium...the meat was pink on the inside and cooked on the outside, but they were not very tender and were actually pretty dry. The asparagus was asparagus, the shitakes were good, and the potatoes were alright. We didn't even bother with dessert.All in all, it was a mediocre meal that we paid way too much for. I'd rather eat at Ruth's Chris anyday. Actually - the meal we ate at Wolfgang Puck in the MGM was about 10 times better than this meal. Step up your game, Tom Colicchio!!!
4	craftsteak... i loved it and im not just saying that! The decor is inviting, warm and almost sensual - have to say its the best part about coming here - but the food aint half bad either!!!We usually order a first course (appetizer) when we go to any restaurant but for Craftsteak, since I was feeling all warm and fuzzy inside we opted for a bottle of veuve clicquot instead.I ordered the bone in rib eye , and I wish i would have taken a pic of how nice it looked but it was cooked to perfection! the sauce was very complimentary as well.My BF ordered the Filet Mignon with Prawns and I stole one of the prawns and it was YUMMY - it was flavorful and tasty . he liked his filet, but he kept saying : " shoulda ordered the ribeye!!"We also shared the Yukon gold puree - yum- and the asparagus ( kinda undercooked) Overall - delicious!!!! the service was great too :) I learned quite a bit about the champagne we drank thanks to a kind gentleman whom we lent our ear to.  If you're in Vegas, and are craving steak - give Craftsteak a try!~
4	A good place. The GF and I went late on a Wednesday night and service was good. We even had a entertaining and informative chat with one of the servers about the bottle of Veuve Clicquot we got. Not bragging, I'm just sayin. I had the filet surf & turf. The filet was good and flavorful, the prawns were a nice size and very good. The GF had the bone-in ribeye and she liked it a lot. Our sides were asparagus, which was alright. After all, how good can asparagus be...Also we had Yukon gold puree, this was very good. The GF liked the decor. But I thought it was just plain brown. Overall, good food and service. I would recommend this place.
5	I would like to echo the outstanding reviews of Lacie M. of Lakewood Colorado and Amanda K of Heyward California. We also sampled the $60.00 summer tasting menu.Phenomenal ! ! !I was not prepared for a restaurant, the quality of Craftsteak, to serve a meal "family style." Starting from the quail appetizer, to the abundance of sliced steak, to the amazing desert trio -  it was a meal fit for "gods."The quantity of food was astounding .... Just an amazing dining experience.The wines by the glasss that accompanied the meal were inspirational.A Reisling started the appetizer portion, followed by a dry red wine from Argentina with the steaks and a supurb desert wine finished off the meal. Craftsteak has an amazing reputation and this summer tasting dinner is one that you should not pass up.You will be amazed .....
4	This places gives so much food ... like a ginormous amount. The decor inside was nice and the tables weren't set too close together, which I always appreciate for private conversation. The waiters were very friendly and are ready to recommend items if you ask them to. Before I went, I read all the reviews, so we ordered the following:Beef Ribeye - a huge portion, it can feed two people easilyBeef Skirt Steak - best flavor and best value for your money, I thinkKobe Syle Wagyu Beef Ribeye - so tenderCaesar Salad - good its just a salad; the  warm frisee looked better (next time!)Diver Sea Scallops - good but nothing to craveBeef Tartare - first time I've had it and it was amazing!Lobster Bisque - very rich depth of flavor, with a lot of good-sized lobster pieces. We asked if one order could be put into two bowls and the waiter just gave us two full servings (lobster and all) for the price of one!Baby Spinach - meh, blandMushroom Assortment - decentYukon Gold Puree - good, don't want to think about how much cream/butter went inWe had a TON of leftovers. The next day, thinly sliced steak between nice bread was good good good. Plan on having steak for lunch and quite possibly for dinner again the next day. I'm not a huge fan of steakhouses quite honestly, because I think steak can only be so good, as opposed to smaller plates that allow a chef to show off skill and creativity. However, if I had to choose a steakhouse to go to, I would recommend this one.
4	Absolutely first rate service at this place.  Ribeye was solid, though not one that I am going to talk about for the next six months, and the sides were very good.  The malbec didn't go with the meal as well as I had hoped it would, but I forgot how hard that can be to pair with food.  I didn't realize the sides would be as salty as they were.  That meal needed something like a pinot noir.   My wife had the sea scallops and she absolutely loved them.  The staff recommended the monkey bread for dessert, and they sure were right on that one.  I paired it with a glass of madeira, and that was a homerun.  I got that one right, anyway.I would give this place 4 1/2 stars if it let me.  I can't give it five, though.  It is a great dining experience.  Next time, I am going to splurge on that Kobe skirt steak.
5	Took my parents here in March.  It was fantastic.  A lot of the food is shareable, so everyone should work together to make the most out of the experience. For appetizers, the warm frisee salad was excellent although too big for one person.  My wife had the foie gras and devoured it in a hurry.  Most of us got the filet mignon entrees and one got the short ribs.  I love a great filet and wasn't disappointed, but the short ribs were out of this world.  So delicious it makes you never want to even attempt to cook something like it yourself.  The risotto was also a great addition to the meal.The only disappointment--I was hoping they had some unusual ice cream flavors like the Craft in LA.  The maple bacon ice cream there was an amazing finish to a great meal.  Here, they had the basics.  Still great though!I'll be back some time!
3	yes that is correct three stars ... i had high hopes for craftsteak.  as a fan of top chef i thought it would be fun to try tom collichios food.  but tom collichio isnt even exec chef here.  hes just owner and chef.  exec chef is someone elsewe made a reservation for 8pm.  we got there 10 minutes early and they notified us that they were 10-15 minutes behind on reservations.  they told us we could hang out at the bar.  when we went to the bar it was crowded and not an open seat in sight.  so why would they even tell us to go to the bar if we couldnt be served there?  i was starving so i waited at the bar for a seat then sat down and ordered lobster bisque.  it had generous chunks of lobster in it.  pretty good.  very creamy.8:30 we finally sit down.  good timing since if they had walked over a second later i wouldve stomped over there and asked why we had to wait 30 minutes for a reserved table.  some people walked up and had no such delay.  i have no idea why. the sommelier came to help us with wine selection.  but never came back to ask us what we decided on.onto our wacko waiter.  we had questions about the menu especially the set dinners and he answered them.  to make a long story short.  he answered them wrong and confused the hell out of us.  he told us that not everyone had to get the same set meals.  he told us that the domestic wagyu surf and turf meals came with two lobsters. i was thinking o wow.  thats a lot of food.  when he came back to take our order, he told us we all had to get the surf and turf.  he also told us we could get crab legs instead of lobster.  anyways.  in the end two of us got the surf and turf that came with two salads, two desserts, one kobe style wagyu new york strip and one ribeye, and two sides.  the others got prime ribe and one got scallops.we ended up with heirloom tomatoes, beets and pickled egg, grilled shrimp for appetizers.  then corn, sauteed spinach, japanese eggplant, baby brocoli or brocolini for sides.  the corn was super buttery.  spinach was good.  eggplant was over seasoned with pesto and undercooked a bit.the meat of course was delicious.  the lobster and scallops were good too.  the ribeye was the best texture out of all the meats.  cooked to a perfect medium rare.  very tender.  the strip had a different flavor but still good.for desserts we had chocolate lava cake, monkey bread, and fruit and sorbet.the decor was rustic but modern.  there was actually a lot a lighting but it was done in a way that made the room still dark.  high ceilings.i think because of the service hiccups i would actually try other restaurants before coming back here.
5	If I were to write an accurate review of the food and how I felt afterwards, it would look like Helen Keller's twitter account; "UNGHHHHHHHHH CHARRRRFFFFFFF uUNNGNNGGGgggg."Consider that the review I really want to write, but for the sake of information, here's another review.My 2 friends and I got the Wagyu beef prix fixe menu. This came with 3 appetizers; buffalo mozzarella with roasted red peppers and hazelnuts in a balsamic vinaigrette, hawaiian prawns, and a delicious caesar salad.The main course - the steak - was wagyu beef served in 3 different cuts. We went with the chef's recommendation, strip steak, new york steak, and ribeye steak. The beef altogether was over 2 pounds of meat. Steak was served with shallots, and the sides were shiitaake mushrooms, hen of the woods mushrooms, and japanese white mushrooms. We also switched out the mashed potatoes for french fries, and got a roasted corn side. Delish!Dessert put the whole meal over the top. We got raspberry, watermelon, peach, and cherry sorbet. Also got a peach cobbler with peach sorbet on it, a "liquid" chocolate cake served with cookies and cream ice cream, another interesting peach dish, and a bowl of fresh fruit.Altogether with tax and tip, the meal came to $180 per person. I definitely feel like I got my money's worth, although I'm still having trouble breathing from the amount of food that I consumed. I'm going to take a nap and then have a steak baby.Five stars, don't miss this place.
4	Boyfriend & I had dinner here on a Friday night.. We started with Chilled Shrimp Cocktail and baby artichoke salad. For the main course he ordered the 10 oz. Filet Mignon /Diver Sea Scallops and sauteed spinach , and I had the halfsteak 6 oz. Angus skirt steak (which came w/ two "half" sides), Baby Shiitake Mushrooms, corn, and can't forget the wine... a nice bottle of Susan Balbo malbec. First off, we would have never chose this place if it weren't for the $100 credit... with that being said I'll start this lovely review!Craftsteak is a pretty trendy looking place, nice big bar and lounge area to hang out in. Servers are very nice, only complaint is that we had to refill our wine once ourselves, no biggie. The bread is SO GOOD. It's freshly baked w/ sea salt on top, it doesn't dissapoint! Shrimp cocktail was good, artichoke salad was great. I've never had anything like it and was very satisfied. Boyfriend's filet was ok, scallops were better, spinach was nothing special. My halfsteak was more like a full steak! Corn was delicious, mushrooms were not. For dessert we had the crunchy rice pudding (think rice pudding in fried pastry) w/ pineapples on the side. YUMMY. At this point our bellies were very full. Bill came out to around $250 w/ tip. Would we come back? Probably if we were ever in MGM again (highly unlikely.. I hate MGM =/). Craftsteak is good but not great. ENJOY!
5	Great service. Great food (the white corn is amazing). Ordered the New York Strip and was perfectly cooked. Probably the only thing I didn't like too much was the layout of the restaurant didn't offer much privacy or cushion from the noise of the other diners. Easy to find in the MGM Grand, and although pricey (about $250 for two of us with a few drinks) would go back next time in Vegas.
5	What I love about this restaurant is that they purchase all of their vegetables from local farmers only. Everything is so fresh!The entire staff is incredibly attentive and helpful.
5	I attended the mothers day brunch here as part of Vegas Uncorked 09'. It was hands down one of the best meals I have ever had. I find myself daydreaming about it constantly. All of the food was served family style and was absolutely amazing. I really enjoyed every single dish that was served but the dishes that stood out the most to me were the pork belly and wagyu skirt steak. DROOL!The service was top notch. The waiters kept the unlimited champagne and mimosas flowing.  And they were happy to get us additional servings of the dishes if we wanted more. My table went through a lot of the pork belly. It was awesome to see Tom Colicchio and get an autographed cookbook that included recipes of some of the items we ate that day. I definitely recommend this place and can not wait to go back!
2	So this place has a big, fancy name to live up to -- I guess it's owned by one of the judge's on Top Chef or something...I tried this place a few weeks ago while on vacation in Vegas. Unfortunately, I was really disappointed.The decor, the wait-staff, the ambiance -- I figured this place was going to rock. But when the food came out and I took the first few bites, I was surprised to see how AVERAGE the food was. Honestly, I could have eaten as good at a place in the Bay for 1/10 the cost. A dinner for four girls ended up being nearly $500 (yes, we did get two bottles of wine, but neither were more than $50)...I felt this place was completely over-priced for the quality of its food. I guess the place has a great "name," and I think my friends loved it because they felt like they were 'supposed to,' but steer clear! SO many better places to eat in Sin City (and for so much cheaper).
4	I knew it was going to be good, but damn....We had a 7:45 reservation, but were a little early. No problem, they sat us immediatley. Decor was nice and modern and not overdone. I knew it was gonna be outrageous when the BREAD was good!We both started with the lobster bisque which was fantastic. Chunks of lobster aplenty and no pepper required. Flavored perfectly. I highly reccomend.I had the 14oz boneless prime rib. I'm one of those freaks that doesn't like his prime rib too pink. I made the waiter aware I wanted medium, very little pink. Usually, I have to have it go back once because of this picky preference of mine, but this one arrived perfectly cooked and bigger than my head. The meat was perfectly tender and seasoned deliciously. Rarely do I not finish, but I was defeated by this massive slice of heaven and had to stop with about 6 bites to go. My girl had the surf and turf - filet with lobster. As good as mine was, I could not help but yearn for hers, which was also on point. Friendly staff, great food, but Delmonico at the Venetian still tops the list of Vegas steakhouses for me.
5	I'm drooling on my keyboard as I remember the wagyu skirt I had this weekend...by far, the best piece of steak ever, and I've had a lot of steak! I actually ordered the rib-eye, which was delicious, but my husband, at our server's suggestion, ordered the skirt. I wasn't too sure about skirt steak at such a fine steakhouse, and was shocked to learn how good it can be. We were actually blessing the cow. I ended up leaving (sadly) more than 14 oz's of my 16 oz rib-eye behind cause I couldn't get enough of the moist, flavorful, amazing, melt-in-your-mouth tender wagyu skirt steak. Yummmo!!!! The mashed potato puree and roasted corn, also amazing. We've eaten here several times, and have always been impressed. The service is impeccable, the ambiance is relaxed and cool, the blue-cheese olive martinis are to-die-for, the dinner rolls are sooo yummy...I could go on... After one bite, I was no longer disappointed that we couldn't get reservations at Prime...which is also great, but not any greater than Craft, unless of course you want a more stuffy-elegant experience.
4	i've been here a total of two times. the first time was a really long time ago that i don't even remember what i got. the second and most recent time was for nadia's bday dinner. we ended up getting the summer dining menu and i have no idea what entailed of that but it was yummy. when i sat down there was a magical shot of vodka in front of me. where did that come from? who cares. just drink it. ok. well, that and my martinis got me going throughout dinner. did i mention TJ at the bar?! he was awesome. made my dirty martinis with vodka and it tasted great. i also got extra olives which were quickly eaten my m drunken company. ok, back to dinner...the mashed potatoes we delish. the corn was sweet and tasty. the meat was tender but not enough of it. i don't there was enought food for our entree but tooons of dessert that didn't even get touched. next time...more entree and less dessert please.
3	The food here was okay. Not what I expected after seeing Tom judge on TopChef. The zucchini flower dish was over-battered... All I could taste was batter! Unfortunate. The braised beef however was awesome! The meat fell right off the bone, it was so tender. The grilled onions, tasted like rosemary.. The service was pretty bad too. Our main server was very rude to us. Probably because we were younger. The manager however, fixed that with a round of free desserts. The desserts were all about $14 a plate. The only good thing about this restaurant after all that was the dessert!Jasmine Tea Panna Cotta rocks!!! The monkey bread with home made ice cream, another winner! Even their home made sorbets are awesome. Highly recommend only going for desserts. At least you won't regret that part of the bill!! =P
5	Holy moly!!!! - Anything from the Prime Rib to any of the Kobe steaks were awesome!- Great vegas like atmosphere- Great tasting sides (everyone has to try the corn)- Believe it or not... the steaks were HUGE! I expect something small and unfilling, but I was wrongOverall : WIN
4	I have to say that my expectations for Crafteak were very high after reading the yelp reviews and the menu. We ordered the summer tasting menu, which I probably won't do next time because I really wanted to try the short ribs. First off, the ambiance and the service is excellent. For starters we had buffalo mozzarella, quail, fennel salad and a persian cucumber salad. Everything was great except for the cucumber salad which was way too salty (we couldn't even eat it).  For the main we had the diver scallops, skirt steak, and the flatiron steak. I ate both scallops since BF doesn't like them - the first one was okay..but the second was gritty. Now, I should have sent it back I know..but I am always reluctant to do so.  So, that was a big disappointment..it ruined the flavor. The steak was very good, a lot of thyme in both marinades.  The skirt steak is a chewier cut of meat and I would never order it a la carte.  The sides were amazing!!!!!!!  The corn was so good and so was were the mushrooms and yukon gold mash. A vegetarian would be in heaven here. Seriously...I am a serious carnivore..but the corn was the best thing on the menu. The dessert was some of the best I have ever had - blueberry cheese cake and chocolate lava cake with fresh mint ice cream. Everything was so fresh and flavorful. My BF is a cheesecake fanatic and said it was the absolute best he had every had. Basically, Craftsteak loses one star for the gritty scallop and lackluster-oversalted starters. I would definitely go back since some of the dishes were absolutely amazing as well as the service and ambiance.
4	SBC VEGAS SERIES: 11 of many reviewsWhen you eat here... plan to REALLY EAT HERE!!!Being the first to get here, considering I was the last to leave my hotel to get here I pulled up a chair at the bar to reeducate my palate on Las Vegas concoctions. They have this great key lime pie drink thing that tasted very much like a key lime pie. Now if only I liked key lime pie. That aside, as the party goers eventually showed up and grouped and performed acts of stupidity in the bar we were eventually led to the furthest tables out back... which for the inebriated is a feat normally attributed to Iron Man competitors. We were greeted with a bottle of great tasting vodka that I failed to taste. I did however get more than ample face time with the apps, entrees, and dessert. Given a few more hours and I would have finished my dessert. I, out of the 20 odd gathered was the only one reprimanded to 'remain in my space.' Go figure, my reputation proceeds me even here. On the flip, other than being told to behave myself while watching others in my entourage molest the furniture the main server for our table was delightful enough when I inquired about a special package that had been ordered before hand by my one and only. And so a beautiful lil chocolate cake was delivered to the birthday girl unannounced to her drunken surprise. I had to admit that all things considered I really liked this dimly lit place. Especially considering that the staff and fellow patrons tolerated our loud, profanity dropping, meat indulging, alcohol grubbin', at times indecent mass of yelpers bordering on destroying artwork and the surrounding ambiance in general. Oddly I find that our disturbing presence is often not enjoyed if not tolerated mostly at the cost of the staff's nerves if not the other guest's behest. Glad no one dropped the Yelp Card here.*cough*TeamPrincess*cough*;D
2	I went with a party of 10 and we all go the kobe tasting menu.  We only enjoyed one of the cuts.  I can't remember which cut it was.  I'm guessing it's the skirt steak.  The rest of the cuts were just ok.  For the money you spend here, I would expect all the cuts to be at least "good" if not "great."  I would not recommend this restaurant to steak lovers.  You're better off going to the SW Steakhouse at the Wynn.
2	I was really disappointed by my experience at craftsteak.  Ate here with 5 of my dearest oldest friends for my bachelorette weekend.  Huge fan of top chef, and when I discovered tom collichio owned this place I just had to try it for our big saturday night meal.  We are all big foodies.  And no, I was not wearing a veil and tiara or any blinking jewelry.  We are all in our late 20s early 30s and were well behaved, at least til the end of the night when we had consumed several martinis and bottles of vino.  We may have been laughing loudly but we never got rowdy...and we were practically in a PDR for chrissake so I could've mooned the table next to me and only about a dozen or so people might see.  Not that I would.  Just sayin, we were hidden away.  All that being said...service was freaking awful.  Our server was an older gentleman, and he was downright rude.  If 18% gratuity had not been tacked on, I honestly might have gone 15% (which I NEVER do being a former server and bartender myself..I have maybe done this once in my life!).  I ordered the surf & turf - a splurge - but usually one of my favorite things to eat.   The filet was a tad undercooked for medium rare, but I kinda like it in between rare and med rare so it was fine by me.  One of my friends couldn't handle it!  The lobster was so rubbery and chewy and coldish and flavorless...did it come out of the fridge?   Side dishes bored me (and everyone).    My opening salad was good - but only because we shared a ton of starters and I mixed the mozzarella salad with the tomato salad to make my own caprese.  I think one of my friends enjoyed her short ribs.  Nobody raved about anything.  Except maybe the hot sticky buns that come out in the beginning.  Truly sad we did not enjoy it!  Should've eaten elsewhere.  Will not return.
4	I recently tried their $60/person summer tasting menu, and I have to say it's a great deal.  First Course: The quail and mozzarella was delicious.  After couple of bites of the fennel salad and cucumber salad, it got kinda boring...Main Course: I guess the reason why the tasting menu is so affordable is the fact that they use skirt steak and flat iron steak.  If you are a true steak lover, you will be disappointed simply because a skirt steak cannot compete with a bone-in rib-eye.  However, I was happy to see that they cooked the steaks perfectly at medium rare.  The scallops were the best scallops I've ever had and it was again cooked perfectly.  Side Dishes:  They were all very good!Dessert: We were stuffed before desserts came and the last thing I wanted was a dessert but the banana ice cream with a warm cake (forgot the name) was definitely the highlight of the night.  It was unbelievable.Overall the summer tasting menu is a great value and a great alternative to the buffets.
4	DISCLAIMER: I've never tried any of their tasting menus. Always done a la carte. I just always think tasting menus have way too much food for me. But on the other hand, the point is to taste what the chef has to offer. So it's just my personal preference to stay away from tasting menus.THE BOOZE: Okay, honestly, I've never had any of their specialty cocktails. Sorry, no dice. However, I can vouch for the friggin' delicious wines they have! Also, I don't really drink Rieslings, but the Riesling that they have by the glass is divine! So if you like Riesling, you must try it. And the best part is, the price by the glass is not that bad at all. I think it was like $9! And generally, the waiter has kind of a heavy hand in pouring. (Remember to tip well! If you can't afford the tip, you can't afford the restaurant)THE BEEF: The first time I ate here, I was frankly not impressed. Everything was over-salted! I didn't want to be harsh. Maybe the person on the grill that evening had a heavy hand. But after repeated visits to Craftsteak, I've realized that every time I get a steak (kobe or not) grilled, it tends to be overly salty. So I've learned that I prefer to get the steaks roasted. The server explained to me that grilled means they just stick it over the grill and flip. Roasted means, they kind of sear it in a pan and then stick the steak into the broiler. Also, it seems when you get the grilled steaks, they slice up the steak for you when they bring it to the table. But when you order roasted steaks, it's the entire steak. Whatever ... I don't care that much as long as it tastes good! I've also had the braised short ribs. That is an excellent alternative to traditional steak. The short ribs were perfectly tender and fell off the bone. THE SIDES/SALADS: Haven't tried a lot of the salads, but I do enjoy the beets or the shaved fennel salads. The ingredients are fresh and good quality. As for sides, I've also learned to tell them to go easy on the salt on the sauteed mushrooms. But I LOVE the assorted mushrooms because they are great quality mushrooms. Also, a great side ... I don't know if it's just seasonal, but the sauteed corn is delish! It's got butter ... and butter ... and more butter! And onion. And just good corn. The Yukon Gold Puree is pretty good - above average, but not amazing like the corn. I would recommend sharing the sides as they are pretty large. The mushrooms could be for two. But the potatoes and corn portions are definitely large enough for more than 2 persons.THE DESSERT: Okay, I admit ... I've found what I like and I've stuck to it. Since many reviewers here recommended the cinnamon monkey bread, that's what I got on my first visit And I've never veered. So I suggest you get it too. BOTTOM LINE: The service is excellent and the food is great, if you order the right things. One of the nicest waiters there is an older gentleman from Switzerland or something around there. I don't remember his name, but he's lived in all sorts of places and speaks a few languages.
5	Everything was EXCELLENT!  We had excellent WINE, excellent Salads, excellent Steaks, excellent service and our after dinner drinks, an Irish Coffee were also excellent!!
4	I had one of my Vegas dreams come true when I got to have dinner at Craftsteak. Mr. Hottie arranged the evening all I had to do is show up and look pretty! I arrived in the midst of fighting a migraine. Not good. I wasn't sneered at because I walked in with a bottle of Coke and a bottle of Excedrin as my accessories next to my purse. We were seated immediately. The table we were seated at was an end part of a VERY VERY large booth if you can picture it. So we were facing another party and were almost too close to them. I was hoping for something a little more intimate. We were left to sit for a tad too long. Nothing major, but it was noticed by both of us. I had time to go to the restroom and come back before we were greeted. Our waitress was very nice (and I forgot her name). We started out with a cocktail (glass of Prosecco for me) while we looked over the menu. Our waitress came by to check on us and to suggest that we try the Summer Tasting Menu. She even PROMISED that we would not be disappointed. At first, we thought we would pick one of each offering from each course. Wrong. We got the WHOLE menu! We went with that and added the wine pairings to go along with the courses. Let me list what was on the menu and my thoughts: First Course Shaved Fennel Salad: Zesty and fresh Grilled Quail, Vincotto: Yum, very flavorful Buffalo Mozzarella, Red Pepper Caponata: This was pretty good. Nothing earth shaking Persian Cucumber Salad: I wasn't a huge fan, but it was personal taste more than anything. Main Course: Prime Beef Flatiron: This was my favorite cut of meat served medium rare and full of flavor. Very well seasoned Angus Skirt Steak: WOW another steak! I wasn't as thrilled with this cut, surprisingly. It was still good though. Diver Sea Scallops: Perfectly cooked. The scallops were sweet and firm. Sides: Yukon Gold Potato Puree: Thrilled to have had these. If you want me to be happy. Take a simple dish, and make it WELL. These were so good! Sauteed Sweet Corn: Another winner. The corn was sweet and juicy! Roasted Shiitake Mushrooms: Not a winner. The mushrooms seemed to be overcooked, and rubbery. Dessert: I can't remember what it was, unfortunately. Mind you, I had wine with every course. By the end I was filled to the brim and VERY happy! Since we were the last reservation seating for the evening, we basically shut the restaurant down. Keep in mind, this is a leisurely paced dinner, not a quick bite. Craftsteak was a wonderful experience. Not everything was perfect, but it was very close! I will go back to eat there in a heart beat! Craftsteak brings up memories of an old school steak house, but their menu items are fresh, modern and not to be missed!
5	Now I'm just showing off. Almost every fine-dining restaurant I passed in Vegas featured a "summer" (read: recession) special, usually in the form of a fixed price menu. Craftsteak's did not disappoint. $60 per person (pre-tax/wine) gets you not one selection from every course but a family-style meal where every single item on the special menu is served during each course. Here were the standouts: Course 0: Um...the bread is glazed with butter and covered in sea salt. Even my annoyingly health-conscious dining companion who doesn't eat butter or carbs ate butter and carbs. Course 1: I rarely exclaim aloud at good food anymore, but the quail got an "oh wow" from this relatively jaded foodie. This was the best course in my opinion- the cucumber salad and the fennel salad were both excellent and my friend puts his vote in for the fresh mozzarella. Course 2: Oh diver scallops, I'd eat you for the rest of my life if I could. No, really. The two other dishes, both steak, were solid if unremarkable. Cooked to my instruction on the rare side, which I appreciated. Course 2b: Um, there were sides? The corn salad was good, but I could not fathom eating any more at this point. My friend gladly ate all the mushrooms, so I infer his recommendation. Course 3: Sigh, is anything more disappointing than digging into what you think is a blueberry crisp only to find that it is rhubarb? I'm not a fan of rhubarb solo (look, it's like putting celery with sugar into a pie!), but the crisp itself was nice and topped with a wonderful homemade vanilla. The other dessert was a chocolate cake and a chocolate mousse covered in solid. dark chocolate. A wonderful glass of malbec ($13) helped the meal (and bill) go down nicely. Wonderful service, wonderful food, wonderful deal. If you're in Vegas soon, check to see if that restaurant you've been eying has become slightly more affordable.
5	I heard that this place was great from several foodie friends and it did not disappoint.  We had the surf 'n turf tasting menu with wagyu beef and it was faaaabulous.  How do they cram so much deliciousness into every bite!?My girlfriend and I were there celebrating our anniversary and our head waiter did a great job of spoiling us.  Dessert (with wine pairing) was on the house and he was happy to take some photos of us when we asked.  He was attentive and calm and informative and just flat-out wonderful.The food, service, and ambience were all top-notch.  Craftsteak made our anniversary truly special and I can't wait to go back.
4	Wow.  Wow. Wow.No vegetarians or vegans allowed. If you are a carnivore- this is the place to be. My friend and I were sitting like a pair of assholes on the blackjack table for hours, shmoozing with the Pit Boss (Nick) at the Venetian, when our tummies began to rumble.  He suggested we check Craftsteak out...we obliged.. he made a reservation for us...and boy, I am glad we made it. I went with three of my girlfriends, and we ordered a feast... but, beware... the portions are GINORMOUS. The Cesar salad was ehh... okay. The oysters... INCREDIBLE.The french fries... to DIE for.The assortment of mushrooms... ya baby. The braised short ribs... ORGASMIC. I'm not kidding... Amazing sex or Craft's braised short ribs? It's debatable. I was insanely stuffed by the end of dinner... so I did not indulge in any of the desserts my friends did... however, I did witness them climaxing. We ordered two bottles of wine... and the sommelier was kind of a prick... but whatever... he wasn't that good looking anyway. If you are in Vegas... make a reservation!!! Craftsteak will not disappoint.
4	im pretty biased when i eat steak outside of texas but this place did it right....had the prime rib and the side dish that i remember the most was the corn dish...so frakkin good
5	Me and some friends went to Vegas for my Birthday Weekend Debauchery. Even though I don't remember much most of the time but this place... Wow!!! 12 oz Kobe Wagyu Skirt Steak is full of win! If I ever have to choose my last meal, yup, this will be the one! I'm still hating myself for not being able to finish the whole thing =(Tom Colicchio, you're good in my book!
5	Skimming through some of the other reviews, everyone talks about the food.  Don't get me wrong.. the food is TO DIE FOR.  I've eaten at the restaurant two or three times now and it has never, NOT ONCE, disappointed.  The service is always spot on, and the food is always deeeeelicious.  So.. go ahead and read the other reviews for what to order.  I'll review the adult beverages.The martinis taste like candy.. literally, like an apple jolly rancher, or a lemonhead, or a raspberry popsicle.  These are the apple martini, the lemonhead martini, and the raspberry martini.  And the dangerous part is that they taste so delicious, you don't think twice about going for the second, third, or fifth martini.. even though it's $13 a drink (ouch.. don't they know we're in a recession?).  Despite the price of the drinks, they are worth every penny.  My last trip there I tried the espresso martini, and the first word that came out of my mouth was "wow".  And then "wow" again.  All I could say was "wow", to die for.  If you don't want to shell out the money to have a nice meal here (and you can easily drop a few bills on dinner), go for dessert.  Order the creme brulee with an espresso martini.  Sidenote: midway through my second martini, I started getting the munchies.  I wondered if I asked for bread if it would be free.. and indeed it was.  Not only was it free, but it was soft, buttery, lightly sea salted, and heavenly.The end.
4	Walked back dripping wet from the pool to try to score a last minute reservation. They suggested the lounge. Two hours later, walked downstairs with a party of five, and we got a table on a Friday night!Our table was fairly large, oval, and in the back private dining room. It was kind of hard to speak/reach across the table. I didn't feel it, but my guests were shivering from the AC the entire time. The entire restaurant was fairly dark. A bachelor party was seated in our same room, and everything echoed. Whatever. Everyone's in Vegas to have a good time. There was a wedding party in the next room over. These private rooms also have a curtain. Water was filled quickly. Menus, dessert menu, and check took a little longer. They gave us two pans of six rolls. So gooood! They're shaped like pan de leche, shiny with butter, flecked with sea salt, and comes with more triangles of butter. It almost looked like cheese. They were fresh, soft, and housemade.I shared the filet mignon and prawn surf 'n turf skillet. The steak was petite to me. It was still delicious and tender. The prawns (five): MMMMM. My buddy doesn't eat the heads, so more for me. They were so sweet, perfectly textured, and perfectly charred on the shell. Being spoiled by Asian food, I'd have to say these were probably the best prawns I've EVER had. If only they'd start serving them salt and peppered. That night, the seafood definitely blew the meat out of the water.My buddy's iced tea came with a mini jug of simple syrup and tons of lemon. His mozzarella "salad" was also so so. My girlfriend ordered a side (pot) of mashed potatoes with her never-ending skirt steak. They were certainly creamy - the watered consistency of grits. They tasted the way quality restaurant mashed potatoes should be, but it was strange scooping it off my plate with a fork. I should have asked for a straw. The surf 'n turf was $62. I felt it was pricey for the size of my filet mignon. Dessert menu looked standard. The larger round lounge tables are amongst the open curtains/wall which is next to the bathrooms and walkway of MGM. Next time I'll get the rib eye and fries, which would probably be less expensive. Another table ordered the latter, and it was piled high in a bowl. Their tasting menu that week required at least two people to order since it came out family style. After our meal, the prix fixe seemed like a huge amount of food.
3	Pricey, noisey, tasty.. I will go else where
5	Jon Gosselin has a gut!  I would too if I dined at places like Craftsteak every night.  He was also obviously bombed as his face red and eyes glazed.  Women around him didn't even care.  They all think he's a jerk.  One lady told me she thinks he's a "jackass".  You don't even know him.  Actually, I did too until I saw him in person.  He looked sad and lonely.  It seemed like he's using alcohol to get his mind off of the media scrutiny.  I actually felt bad for the guy even though he looked ridiculous with those earrings and a smoke in his hand.  So what does that have to do with Craftsteak?  Absolutely nothing!We also saw Jason Priestley (90210 alum), Annalynne McCord (Naomi in the current 90210) and Dahntay Jones (NBA guard) dining at Tom Colicchio's establishment.  Craftsteak must be the place to eat while in Sin City.There is so much hype about Craftsteak.  I'm not sure if I was bitten by the hype but I truly enjoyed the experience.  All I can do is be honest and honestly, everything was quite good.The service was impeccable.  Not one but two waiters took care of us.  Both were extremely friendly and on top of their game on making us feel welcome and comfortable.  Psychic abilities must have also been a prerequisite because they also read our minds.  They would bring things right before we ask.  And they timed everything perfectly.  Well done!We couldn't decide.  I asked the waiter for advice.  He suggested the Summer Tasting Menu ($60 per person).  It was a prefixed menu with appetizers, steaks, scallops, sides and desserts.  That sounded good to me.  Everything tasted fresh and the ingredients used were of high quality.  From the appetizers, the quail and buffalo mozzarella were my favorites.  They were absolutely delicious.  It was full of bold flavors and it made me wanting more.  Both steaks were tasty, juicy, tender and a perfect medium rare.  The scallops were delicate, light and cooked perfectly.  Of the sides, the roasted shiitake mushrooms were heavenly.  It was seasoned nicely and full of earthy flavors.  Unfortunately, I'm not a fan of sweets so the desserts were somewhat forgettable.  But my wife enjoyed it.Also, the lobster bisque ($18) was awesome.  It was creamy, well spiced and full of large lobster pieces.  I'm drooling...Above were just a few dishes that stood out.  There were a total of 12 dishes on the Summer Tasting Menu.  My wife and I both had major food babies after just the appetizers.  We doggie bagged whatever we couldn't finish for later drunken consumption.  Five hours later and speech sluring, everything still tasted great!Good is good regardless of hype and in my opinion, Craftsteak is good!  The Summer Tasting Menu is definitely the way to go.  Our total bill was about $220 after tax and tip.  Expensive yes but it was well worth it.
5	Almost Speechless. Everything I said in my first review still stands. This was my second time at Craftsteak and it's the best food that I've had since I last went. I'm totally serious. The food, the service, and the atmosphere were all outstanding. This time I had the American Wagyu fillet mignon with wild mushrooms as our side. Ms. Graham chose the short ribs and the server brought us a complimentary dish of the mashed potato's. We also chose a half bottle of Zin to wash it all down. Excuse my lack of creative words that I used during my first review. The food is simply the best. The flavors are indescribable. I took my first bite of the Wagyu beef and had to close my eyes to truly appreciate every amazing taste. The short ribs were also out of this world. Fall off the bone outstanding. The potato's were a surprisingly awesome flavor as well. The mushrooms were good but nothing magical (maybe anywhere else but not here). To sum it all up: Just go. If you are a steak fan and know the value of good food, you'll be blown away also.
5	An overall great experience at Craftsteak! I will have to disagree with the "dressy attire" on the top yelp profile... There were some diners who were dressed in almost "prom attire" then there was the drunk, wet people who stumbled their way from the pool in their ed hardy best and trucker hats. I guess if you come to dinner and pay close to $300 you should be able to wear whatever you want..Our server, walter.. or was it wallace.. was great. He helped with wine pairing and course selection. The previous night another couple who we were in vegas with tried the tasting menu. She said it was the worst tasting menu ever and to stay far away from it. With that in mind the bf and I ordered from the dinner menu.::Appetizer::Wagyu Steak Tar Tar ($22): Delicious! Absolutely Delicious! My boyfriend was a little hesitant in trying steak tar tar (we usually only have tuna tar tars) but that soon subsided when he tasted the creamy wagyu steak. It was topped with a quail egg and paired with crispy tiny bread. It was very good. The steak was so light and seasoned perfectly. I highly recommended everyone trying the steak tar tar (meat lovers only duhh..)Surf n Turf ($62): Filet mignon with your choice of either half lobster, grilled prawns or diver sea scallops. I choose the scallops. I asked for my filet mignon medium rare, it came out medium... for a steak house with such an esteem reputation I would of expected that my steak would not be over cooked. I really couldn't complain though because the meat itself just melted in my mouth. One of the best filets I have ever had. -Diver sea scallops: by far the best scallops hands down. 3 big scallops came next to my filet mignon. They were cooked perfectly and topped with a fennel salad. The presentation was amazing but the scallops were to die for!My boyfriend had the Rib eye ($44) with a side of grilled asparagus ($12).The rib eye was huge! The grilled asparagus easily can feed 2 people. He really enjoyed his rib eye. For Dessert:-Sorbet ($6/each): We tried the Melon Sorbet and the Strawberry Sorbet. Best way to end dinner.. (each order of sorbet comes with 2 big scoops of sorbet. can be easily shared)-Coffee: Served in a french press. For only $4, they give you about 4 cups of coffee..
5	Fantastic experience this Labor Day Sunday!  Now it's a little sneaky of them not to offer the Restaurant Week/Seasonal Chef's Menu on their printed menu nor even mention it when discussing specials, but I won't fault them for trying to make some hard needed cash off the masses.  The menu was phenomenal!  As previously discussed we had 4 appetizers (fennel salad, persian cucumber salad, buffalo mozzarella with toasted hazelnut, and roasted quail with vincotto).  All were delicious and sorely needed since I hadn't had a vegetable in 2 days.  Then we had the flat iron and skirt steaks as well as diver sea scallops.  The scallops tasted super FRESH.  The steaks were butter tender and well seasoned.  All were swimming in tasty pan sauce.  The sides were a wonderfully smooth potato puree, OK roasted shitakes, and sauteed sweet corn.  I think the sweet corn was my favorite.  My grandma makes a Chinese corn dish that is really similar.  Scallions, really sweet corn, and I tasted some soy, methinks.  The desserts were just OK, although at this point I was so full I don't know if I can fairly judge.  We were going for total indulgence and this place fit the bill.  Talk about overkill.  12 dishes for 2 people???  I think they may give the same amount if you come with 2 people as opposed to slightly larger parties.  Just excellent.  Enough gushing.  Go here.
4	Being a big carnivore myself, i enjoy a big piece of red meat from time-to-time.   I was told by friends this place might fit the bill. We were promptly greeted upon our arrival and were seated along the back booths.  The decor and the lighting was 'fitting' for the place and as well as the menu.   After several minutes pondering the menu, we had the shrimp cocktail to start which was nothing special and I should have expected that this being a steak place.  We shared the 32 oz Porterhouse for two with assortment of mushrooms, fingerling potatoes and roasted corn.  And yes the porterhouse was delicious - juicy, perfectly seasoned and the fillet was outrageous.  The side dishes were somewhat ordinary BUT the surprise of the dinner was the roasted corn.  We just had to ask the waiter for the recipe which he was more than happy to share.  Just delicious.The service was impeccable as well as the ambiance.  Was it the best steak I have ever had?  Perhaps if it wasn't for the roasted corn, it might have been......Cheers,
5	I was here for Nadia's birthday dinner and needless to say it was amazing. The bartender was super friendly and made awesome Goose and TOnics and Dirty Goose martinis, we were cememnted in our bar seats even when we were being seated. The service here was awesome too, everyone was friendly and catering. The food was amazing the appetizers were all delicious and the steak was perfectly cooked, and the dessert was yummy... the entire meal was awesome. Definitely a must if you like steak and a nice atmosphere. attire is dressy but Im pretty sure you won't be judged coming in under dressed as long as you are paying the tab.
5	Being a Top Chef fan, my curiosity got the better of me when I was deciding where to celebrate my husband's and my birthdays. I wanted to see if those aspiring contestants had reason to listen to Tom Colicchio.Having been to Aureole the previous evening, I figured it was going to be difficult to top. But man, top it did. Classy decor, friendly and knowledgeable servers was just the tip of the iceberg.  I don't think I need to repeat what others have said about food specifics because we had a similar experience with everything from the steak and scallops, to the sides and dessert and wine (the wine pairings could not have been better).Let's just say in general, they had the kind of quality food that makes you hum things you normally hear coming out of a bedroom. The only reason I am glad I can't go to this restaurant more often is because I'd probably explode from the hedonism I'd subject myself to by not being able to resist eating here as much as I could.Top Chef wannabees, Tom walks the walk. It would serve you well to listen to what he has to say.
4	Always nice to spend anniversary dinners at nice Vegas restaurant.For 200 bucks, I think I got a great meal. We were planning to get the tasting menu before we got to Vegas, but my friend and her bf went the day before us and didnt like it at all. So we went for the straight menu, our server Wallace (i think thats his name) was great. Also he introduced us to this Malbec that went so well with our meaty dinner!We started off with the Wagu Steak Tartare, my first time trying meat tartare. WOW it was soooo good, and they give you a generous amount! My gf got the Surf and Turf, filet mignon and diver sea scallops. OMG she fell in love with the scallops. I got the rib eye that was cooked perfectly, with a side of asparagus that was nicely seasoned. I was so stuffed that I took half my meat back to the hotel. They also give you these personal sized A1 sauce. They gave us these little treats for our Anniversary + our sorbet desserts. Made us happy campers!What an awesome dinner! Me and my gf have been 2 for 2 now on anniversary dinners in Vegas. I think the only reason I didnt give this place a 5 star is that they had served some people who literally looked like they came out of the pool area with their board shorts and drinks in hand. That kind of makes the place seems a bit tacky. I was pleased at the food though, atleast I can say I ate at a top chef judge's restaurant. Tom gets a thumbs up!
4	I went here for my birthday this past May with my family and was able to have the spring sampler. Though the five course (or so) meal was overall great, the best parts of the meal were the fennel salad and the skirt steak. The fennel salad had the clean taste that typifies New American cuisine. We cleaned the plate like vultures. The skirt steak was cooked to perfection and cut with delicacy. It was a little saucy and a tad bit salty at the ends, but I did wish for a bigger stomach that night so I could fit more of the steak into my stomach. The atmosphere is nice, but very dark... you've been warned. The service is amazing and if you have the cash to burn -- I'd highly recommend it.
4	We made reservations here back in February, 09' for my husband's parents, grandparents, and us of course. We had heard and read great things about Craftsteak and we had hoped it would live up to the expectations this evening. We had later reservations and were seated in a nice sized corner table towards the back with a view of the rest of the restaurant. My husband and I started with the buffalo mozzarella, which was very tasty! I had the 10 oz. filet mignon and hubby had the 16 oz. NY strip. His was overcooked and mine was melt in my mouth heaven. We had some potatoes and asparagus to share for the table, which were okay. My husband's father had the Kobe style waguyu beef, which he gave every one a bite of...I think my one bite was $25 worth, haha. It was very good, don't get me wrong, but it didn't wow any of us for the price tag that it held either! I really enjoyed craftsteak, however, the rest of the family wasn't as impressed.
5	Just great.  The focus on fine meat is delightful, my wagyu beef was heavenly. Our server team was great, victor went out of his way to track down lillet blanc for me, apparently something rarely ordered there. Beet salad was spot on, love the addition of a pickled egg. I will go here again the next time I find myself in Vegas.
5	Amazing food, service (we hope you listened to us Blue and you are checking this out!), and drinks. Our party of four arrived for our 9:00 reservation and went to the bar until we were seated. If you like a lemon drop try the lemonhead martini (and the servings are plenty on the 'tini's!) We did the Kobe Beef Surf and Turf tasting menu (the $155 option and since we had the prima card it lowered the price to $130 a person, LOVE that card!) - and we are all still full from last night. The portions and amount of food was pretty amazing. And I am the picky eater in the group and they were more than accommodating, they couldn't have made it any easier!To start we really wanted to try the lobster bisque which isn't included with the tasting menu but we switched one of our main courses so they gave us each a small cup of the bisque to try and it is GOOD! Chunks of lobster in a yummy broth. For our first course we had hawaiian prawns (served with head on and grilled with cocktail sauce),heirloom tomato salad (olive oil and I think he said with champagne vinegar, fresh basil and salt and pepper), roasted red peppers (surprisingly good, served with garlic) & the Kobe beef Tartare (served with bread and a quail egg on top) And yes, that is just ONE course! The prawns were delicious and I love heirloom tomatoes and the salad was yummy and refreshing! For the main course we asked to try the braised short ribs (we traded these with the skirt steak) - there are not enough words to tell you how absolutely amazing, succulent, decadent, flavorful, (seriously) these short ribs are - you HAVE to try these if you go. Our Kobe beef entrees were the flat iron steak and the filet. Our other entree was the Braised Maine Lobster. Served in the shell our waiter took the time to take it out of the shell for us to make it easier. The lobster is served in a broth much like the bisque so we were really happy campers! There was so much lobster, we couldn't believe the portion size on this! They definitely don't skimp here! For our sides we had the asparagus, an assortment of mushrooms, the potato puree, and the sweet corn (the sweet corn was a table favorite - delicious!)And now desert....it was amazing to see all the options that they served us for our final course. Four different types of sorbet (pineapple, strawberry, peach and chocolate), monkey bread with banana ice cream, a rhubarb crisp with tangerine ice cream, vanilla bean cheesecake, peach pavlova, and two small plates of fresh fruit (and I might be forgetting one other desert). The monkey bread was my favorite as well as the strawberry and pineapple sorbets.I would also like to mention that the service here at Craftsteak truly is topnotch. Blue, our waiter, was very knowledgeable and has some excellent suggestions. All of the staff assigned to our table was fantastic and the decor is very cool.
4	The food was amazing, though I've never been so full in my life! We decided to splurge and ordered the three-course tasting menu featuring domestic wagyu beef. After asking us which appetizers and cuts we were particularly interested in, our waiter proceeded to bring us four full appetizers, two 10-12oz steaks, and three deserts. He remarked to us, "we don't like to do those down-sized tasting portions like french restaurants.". I'll say! Everything was delicious--probably the best steak house food we've ever had, including not only the melt-in-your-mouth amazing filet mignon, but knock-your-socks-off sides of roasted corn, creamy mashed potatoes, and mixed mushrooms--and the service was impeccable, but on reflection I wish they'd given us slightly less food and charged us slightly less money. When the food is that expensive (and yummy), you really want to eat it all, but no one should really eat that much in one meal, even if it's by Tom Colicchio.
5	Still love the food here.  We went here last week while we were in town for a show and LOVED it.We had the $110 Chef Tasting Men and it was amazing...food pouring out from all different sides.  The catch here is with the tasting menus the whole table has the get it but it's more then enough food.
2	Wow! I can't believe all these 5 star reviews! This place was wrong in so many ways!  So my husband is a chef and we live in San Francisco, so I guess we are pretty spoiled with really great food. And how excited was I when my husband told me he made reservations at Tom Colicchio's  restaurant! As soon as we walked in my husband wanted to leave. I thought it was a bit rude since we had reservations on a Sat night. So we compromised and just shared a couple of things. Guess I should have listened to him! We ordered the 10 oz Filet. The cut and quality of the meat was great. But wait? Where was the flavor. Even just a bit of salt would have made it better. I was tempted to ask for steak sauce just so there was some sort of flavor.We also had the Frisee Salad which was recommended by the waiter, it was pretty tasty. For our sides we had the potato gratin and Israeli Artichokes. Once again, WHERE IS THE FLAVOR?? I believe the artichoke was deep fried, ugh, WHY?The drinks from the bar were great, service was ehh. Nothing impressive at all. If I've gone to a reputable steak house and the only thing that stood out was  a salad, something is terribly wrong here people! What a waste of money!!
3	Given the more than ample supply of dining options (and steakhouses) in Vegas, I don't think I'll come here again (for a very long time).The food quality was good.  Quality meat indeed.  But I would expect that a restaurant specializing in steak would know how to cook its quality steak to the specifications of medium rare, medium well, etc.  Unfortunately, that wasn't the case.  My bf's medium rare request for his filet mignon was translated into an almost medium well steak.  He had to send his back and then the second stead still wasn't cooked medium rare (it was more medium).  My request for a medium well steak, but closer to well than medium resulted in a well done steak.  I generally don't find medium well steaks to be dry, but this one was dry.  I expected more from a steakhouse.  Perhaps the lesson learned is order your steak cooked a little less than you normally would. Despite the steak cooking issue, there were some highlights to the meal.  The beef tartare was good.  I was very pleasantly surprised since the idea of eating raw meat is rathering repulsing to me most of the time.Their potato puree was delicious.  I could have taken a straw and drank that up. The chocolate souffle dessert was amazinggg.  Yum, yum, yum!  On the side was some caramel ice cream which was equally delicious. It was a good dinner, but it just didn't live up to the hype.  I wish I was reviewing how good the steak was instead of how good the sides were.
5	Great service and really fantastic food. Without a doubt it ranked in the top 5 best meals of my life.I would highly suggest a tasting menu, as things that you wouldn't have normally ordered will appear in front of you... and it will be GREAT!Quail, homemade mozzarella, corn -- all ridiculously fantastic. I was interested in trying their mozzarella (which is SO worth it by the way), but I would not have thought of ordering the other two.The tasting menu also provides for top of the line meat choices - different cuts, preparations and marinades.Desserts were shadowed by the gastronomic greatness of the starters and entrees.
4	had a great value of a meal last night.  we started w/ the quail, fennel salad, buffalo mozzarella and cucumber and arugula salad.  i only had the fennel and cucumber/arugula salads, which were pretty refreshing.  the steaks were pretty good, but the scallops were delicious.  the sides of potato puree, artichokes, and shitake mushrooms were all very tasty, particularly the potato puree.  the desserts were awesome.  we had a warm choc cake, a cheesecake, monkey bread, apple tarte, monkey bread, and a platter of about 8 ice creams and sorbets.  these were fabulous.  the pear sorbet and the tangerine/basil sorbet were awesome.  also delicious were the monkey bread and warm choc cake.  for 9 girls, this was a TON of food, and we actually brought leftovers back to the room for a mid-morning snack.
5	I copied and pasted the fall tasting menu from Craftsteak website which is the deal of the century, especially in Vegas!   Blue cheese olives for martinis....extensive scotch list...does not get much better.$70 Per PersonAppetizers    * Grilled Quail with Vincotto    * Buffalo Mozzarella Cheese and Red Pepper Caponata    * Mixed Baby Lettuces    * Shaved Fennel SaladMain Course    * Grilled Angus Skirt Steak    * Roasted Flat Iron Steak    * Diver Sea ScallopsSides    * Jerusalem Artichokes    * Yukon Gold Potato Puree    * Shiitake MushroomsDessert    * Pastry Chef's Selection (It was a fabulous selection)
5	I should start by saying I am a scotch drinker- with that said they have to have the best scotch selection in the country. Everyone was friendly, the hostess, the bar tender, both waiters and the bus boys. It was my friend's 40th birthday and he said jokingly do you have hot dogs?  Well sure enough they sent someone next door to get a Nathan's hot dog, it was great to see someone having fun at what is traditionally a stuffy environment. The only downside was they bake their fillets, but everything including my steak was great.
5	Let's start by saying I'm pretty sure I died and went to Steakhouse (for lack of a better term)heaven for the evening!!The menu was small but overwhelming...I wouldn't turn any of it away.  Because we couldn't narrow it down, we decided to do the fall tasting menu listed in Wakako's post.  I was expecting a small tasting of each item, what I got was a feast!  The Mozzarella melted in my mouth and the potatoes were something from a dream.  The steaks were delicious, but not the best I've ever had. The dessert course was somewhat disappointing, but by that point we didn't care!We also did a wine pairing for each course which was def. the way to go.  $30 for three generous pours is a steal when the average glass of wine is about $14.  The service was excellent and both of our servers were eager to answer our questions and attend to anything we wanted without being annoying.  We were surprised how casual some people were dressed, I would recommend business casual but don't be alarmed when someone walks by you in shorts and a tank top...it's in a casino after all.  The worst part about the visit was the food we had to waste because our stomachs couldn't fit anymore! Great food and great company made for memorable evening that now holds a place in my top 5 meals of my life.
5	yes, i am in love with tom colicchio. yes, i do find him extremely sexy. yes, this review is a tad bit biased. so this isn't the best dining experience i had in vegas. food aside, service and ambiance may not deserve the coveted 5 stars, however, i do love my tom, and love comes in a form of screwed emotions and mental incapability to judge. yet, craft certainly had some highlights even anti-tom could appreciate. we had their fall tasting menu ($70 per person) which came out in family style. this menu isn't offered on weekends, but our waiter graciously accommodated us after checking with the kitchen. do not put this tasting menu in the same category as others'. this isn't a regular dinner...it's a FEAST! here are some that stood out, truly a 5 star caliber items... * grilled quail - if you never liked quail before, this one will change your mind. i never knew this minuscule birdies could make me feel like i was high (as in flying!). * diver scallops - fan-friggin'-tastic. i am out of words to describe the feelings i had the moment this touched my mouth. * potato puree - our side of table pretty much fought for this. you can't just stop at one spoonful. i wanted to slurp the whole bowl down! * monkey bread - a gigantic glamorized cinnamon roll without too much cinnamon taste. i know i am not making sense, but you must try this. * lemon drop martini - don't be fooled by this sweet sucker. it can and will get you drunk. my preferred cut of meat is filet or ribeye, therefore, skirt steak and flat iron steak did not give the satisfaction i'd have gotten with the others. nonetheless, the steaks were superb for what they were...full of flavors. craft is in vegas where all walks of life cross the path, so who gives sh*t if some patron is roaming around with shorts and flip-flops. in fact, the restaurant decor reflects casual, rustic ambiance. although it's dimly lit, the chairs are not fancy, there's no table linen, and meats are served in metal skillets. we came across a problem with this style of dining. some wanted their meat to be rare, and some preferred more on the medium side. this created a bit of confusion when the steaks were brought out (service issue). this would have been a more fulfilling meal if the portions were smaller at lower price. we did enjoy the left-over for breakfast next day (the monkey bread is delicious at 4am!!!). so tom is at this location about 6 times a year. i am hoping to catch a glimpse of him (okay, totally throw myself at him) next time. i am crossing my fingers...
5	The food here was well prepared and delicious!Wagyu/Kobe Beef Tasting Menu for 2 at $150 a personSteak for 2 at $60ish a person (don't exactly remember)2 raw oysters3 glasses of rieslingEverything came with lobster! And although I don't care too much for lobster or kobe beef or meat in general.. it was delicious!The sides were good too! I ate more of the sides than the main entrees! I was much too full. We got the delicious corn, mushroom medley, fries, and the mozzarella side.Excellent wait staff and very nice ambience/decor
4	We arrived a little early for our reservation, and the hostess directed us to the bar. After about 10 minutes someone came to take us to our booth. We were a party of 4, and we had a large corner booth. We were seated behind a big table with a guy who at one point called the manager over and seemed to be complaining about everything, but we couldn't quite hear what he was saying. The booth next to us was filling with a bunch of drunk guys talking about how they were "blessed" enough to be in porn, but the less said about them, the better.The service was great. Our servers were funny and knowledgeable and made some good recommendations. We ended up ordering separately off the menu and had the mozzarella and lobster bisque (both excellent), and for the entrees, the surf and turf with filet mignon, scallops, short ribs, and the grilled New York strip (not the Wagyu). I didn't try the surf and turf, but the scallop was very good, and the bite of the strip steak that I tried was very good, but the person who ordered it said it was unevenly cooked.  My short ribs were just the right texture, but the gravy was very salty. Without adding much of the gravy, they were good. By the time to order dessert, I was really too full to eat much, but we tried some ice cream and the apple tarte tatin. The tarte was delicious, and the ice cream was good as well. I'd definitely go back, but next time I'd probably avoid the short ribs because of tghe salt, and stick with a steak since that seems to be what Craftsteak is best at (big surprise). Also the lobster bisque was really delicious.
5	I took a client to CraftSteak on my last visit to Las Vegas to celebrate a successful negotiation and overall business trip.  I had never eaten in one of Tom Colicchio's establishments but had wanted to for some time.  My first trip was an absolute home run.Seated at the bar because we hadn't made a rezzie, which was fine with both of us, the bartender, JT was a tip top pro.  Courteous, attentive without being pushy, and knowledgeable.  In addition to the suggestions he made for us, I listened to him him with a couple other patrons regarding scotch, wine, and food.  Normally you'll hear sort of rote suggestions across the board, but he listened to what they were looking for and made specific comments and recommendations.  I suggest you seek him out should you be at the bar.Normally I don't do a blow by blow of what I ordered, but this meal was exceptional...I had the Frisee Salad,  NY Strip (not the kobe), with sides of Mashed Potatoes, and White Corn.   A client  had warned me that the sides were ridiculously good and they did not disappoint.  The Frisee was served warm with house-cured bacon with soft, creamy, and very pungent orbs of Blue Cheese interspersed.  JT was not sure what kind of Blue Cheese it was (he offered to find out), but I commented that you didn't get cheated on the portion, which made him smile.  I couldn't stop eating it.  The NY Strip is prepared bone-on, and then the bone is removed from the strip but served should you decide to attack it. (Yeah, I did).  It was cooked exactly as I'd asked.  I used to be a pure medium-rare guy but as I've begun to climb in years have moved to med-rare plus.  The steak was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  The mashed potatoes were creamy and delicious and the sweet white corn succotash the perfect foil.I was such a hog that I even had the Monkey Bread with Caramel-Cinnamon Ice Cream and a Cappuccino for dessert. Not a place to go on the cheap or on a diet.  Be prepared...and enjoy.  If you're in the mood for a steak, gastronomically, it's the bomb.  JT called it a "death-row" meal.  (As in if you were on death row and had a last meal)  I'd have to concur.  Fortunately, I get to go back.
3	Blog for full review of food - as this was a comped return visit I higlighted the service issues here.As previously stated, after complaining to the GM (at that time a Mr. Jason Bartucci) with hopes that future visitors would not deal with such service we were provided a profound apology and an offer to refund the cost or to come back for a compensatory meal on the house - at the time I declined these options but on further review, a year after many fine dining experiences, I reconsidered.  In a city with so many great options I would not generally be the sort to 'forgive and forget,' but returning with my two friends - both who love steak - and remembering how good the food was I made contact with the restaurant through the MGM website.  While Mr. Bartucci (and our server) had apparently since been dismissed from the restaurant, my e-mail was answered by the new General Manager, Sebastien Vallet, who invited the three of us back for the chef's tasting with wine pairings on the house. Taking our seats we were almost instantly met by Mr. Vallet, a gregarious and friendly man in a great looking grey suit (vastly differing from the black/white clad servers,) who promised us a fantastic meal and confirmed that I did not eat beef while my friends most certainly did.  Within moments our waters were filled - bottled water without even requesting, and our server and his assistant came to our table to once again confirm likes, dislikes, and anything we may need.  In order to not belabor service issues too much I will note a couple of issues here that, despite their obviously being overly attentive to our table, were less than impressive.  First, while Sebastien stopped by multiple times, our server spent vastly more time at a table of well clad businessmen while the assistant served as our primary server throughout.  While not "unfriendly" our assistant's grasp of the English language was poor at best, wines were not described as presented, and this was officially the only restaurant on my trip to Vegas where I had to fill my own water.  Another service issue presented itself later, but otherwise I have to say the team clearly "went out of their way" to please us - yet despite that fact, the service at Mastro's, CUT, Carnevino, and myriad other fine dining establishments vastly outpaced Craftsteak - their "average" being better than Craftsteak's "best."Browsing around the restaurant I was amazed at how many hockey jerseys were present - clearly not the "business casual" Craftsteak desires.  Arriving from our assistant server without any description (approximately 1 minute later our main server showed up to tell us what the dishes were) our mains and sides were served with a red wine of which I'm unfamiliar and neither myself nor JT enjoyed - Brad thought it was decent.  Featuring mains of a 16oz Ribeye, a 12oz Skirt, and Divers Scallops with Fennel and sides of Yukon Gold Potatoes, Sweet Corn, and Wood Roasted Asparagus this is where the other service issue came up.  As previously noted, I don't eat steak - that doesn't mean my buddies do not eat scallops.  Featuring only five scallops (we received three of the exact same dish as an appetizer last visit) and my friends each deserving to try at least one I explained to our server that this wasn't acceptable and, surprisingly, met some resistance - apparently my thin frame made him think I can't eat.  Asking if any other fishes were available I was told only tuna - again the same prep I'd had last year (there was lobster, I saw it on another table, but clearly they weren't giving this away) and inquiring about birds or pork I was told only chicken (I know they had duck and pork loin, I saw the nightly menu) so I requested the chicken.  Consenting, begrudgingly, the server asked if we wanted anything else and I emphatically stated some mushrooms would be nice.  While it took about 15 minutes to prepare, the dishes were indeed brought by yet another server - someone who actually smiled (aside from Sebastien.)Myself - I was pleased with the food again, but still less than sold on the service given the fact that they were clearly "doing their best" and still seemed a little less than in-step with other restaurants of their caliber.  When it was all said and done Mr. Vallet stopped by to see how everything had been and I told him it was good - because it was.  It simply wasn't "great."  Leaving a nice tip for our service team (perhaps had they known we'd be leaving a good tip the primary server would've been more available) we made our way out of Craftsteak for the last time.  Impressed enough that I plan to check out Craft the next time I'm in Los Angeles or NYC, Vegas has plenty of other options in the meats market and if I were attending repeats I'd head to CUT or Carnevino first.
3	The side dishes were fantastic, but the fillet itself was not quite what I was hoping for.
5	Steak heaven, no doubt about it. The filet I had wasn't Kobe but it could have been. The Yukon gold potato puree was amazing (better than Joel Robuchon) and potato heaven. Excellent table, service and vibe (a little busy). Superb wine list. This is a great place to take a date or have dinner with friends. If you stay away from the Kobe menu the steak menu prices are very competitive $35-$50 depending on the cut. Craftsteak is highly recommended.
5	The food, service and ambiance are as good as it gets. We had reservations and were seated at a great table, promptly attended to by our server team of Kevin and Olga. They were both knowledgeable, friendly and attentive. We each had a Caesar salad- big, we probably should have just ordered one and split it. I had the filet and my boyfriend had the rib eye. We shared the potato and leek gratin and it was awesome. Both steaks were phenomenal. We were stuffed at the end of the meal but when both servers suggested the cinnamon monkey bread, we gave in and ordered one to share. It was incredible. Possibly the best part of the meal. I would highly recommend this restaurant, and not eating for as long as possible beforehand to make room for the amazing food. We will be back the next time we go to Vegas!
4	The waiter we had was terrible, for a high class steak house I was very surprised, he mumbled the whole time and we couldn't hear anything he said. The apps are pricey but the tomatoes were amazing and apps and sides are big enough to share. Each member of our party had a different steak and we all thought it was amazing. My medium-rare filet was cooked perfectly and incredibly smooth. I found it to be a bit overpriced but at least good food. Decor was beautiful.
5	Best food and service I've had in Vegas ever, I think. The $70 fall tasting menu was an amazing deal-- it felt like we got a little of everything on the menu but the portions were huge. I hope they have a tasting menu each season!
5	One of the best meals I've had for a weekend of xs (the whole city is excessively fun...). Service was exquisite and so was the food.The sommelier introduced himself, who was very helpful in our wine selection. We had a 2004 Chateauneuf du Pape, which was an outstanding choice and would highly recommend ($90).The butter rolls arrived, and like all the other yelpers have raved, it was so good. They come in a batch of six, and by the time we had finished 4, another set had come. Great service.Apps - We had the Seafood Platter and Kobe Beef Tartare. The seafood platter was delicious, comprised of oysters, clams, prawn, lobster, seaweed salad, alaskan king crab, and caviar. One person in the party said the only problem with this platter "was that it wasn't bigger." This seafood app blows Mastro's out of the water (seafood lives in water....). The beef tartare was equally amazing, which was raw kobe beef with a raw egg on top, served with miniature bread pieces. The tartare prepared us well for the main course ahead.The Main Course - 16oz. Grilled RIbeye steak, charred rare. The steak was perfectly marbled, with a high fat content, which ribeyes should have. Cooked perfectly. I also got to sample my friends' grilled NY Strip and Wagyu Ribeye. All were delectable, and was able to distinguish the varying textures of the cuts.Sides - Bean Sprouts, Hen of the Woods Mushrooms, and Yukon Gold Puree. Bean Sprouts were interesting in a good way. Paired with bacon, the sprouts were well prepared with a great texture. The Hen of the Woods (I'm told this is a Colicchio signature dish) were interesting as well. It didn't blow everything out of the water, but it was very good, with a good texture. I love mushrooms, and this was like nothing I've ever had before. The Yukon Gold Puree was a very buttery bowl of mashed potatoes, prepared thinner than regular mashed potatoes. It was awesome.Didn't get to dessert because 1) I don't like dessert (I'd rather have more steak) and 2) was very full.Went for halloween weekend, but the candy wasn't just for trick or treaters. There was plenty of eye candy as well ;) It was funny seeing a  cow walk into a steakhouse.
5	The only way to really enjoy the true decadence of eating and the Las Vegas experience is to have the chef's tasting menu. One of the best meals I have ever eaten in my life! The rib-eye steak was perfectly seasoned and cooked exactly as ordered. The scallops are killer and so meaty that it is almost like you are not eating seafood. The wait staff were impeccable and made everyone feel like they were a high roller.
5	This place is great! I had heard about it through Top Chef and know that they have one in LA, but was told that the LV location was the cream of the crop. Coming here for my birthday weekend I made reservations for 6 with no problem. We arrived and were all floored by the decor and how busy it was. They have an extensive selection of choice scotch and burbon that you dont see many places, as well as a wine selection that will wow even the most seasoned drinkers. We all decided to go with the domestic Wagyu tasting menu ($130.00 per person) and the result was nothing short of phenominal. The chef selects the best available cuts, sides, salads, apps and deserts but asks you before hand if there is anything you cant live without and  anything you allergic to or dont want. They brought out the salads and sides first: great buffalo mozzerella with 25 yr old balsalmic, ceaser, confit with bacon and blue cheese, arugala, etc....everything awsome. Next came the steaks and sides: Hangar, New York, Fillet, braised short ribs, T-Bone (enough for 10 people) along with asparagus, 4 different types of mushrooms, beets, potatoes....the list goes on and on. When the waiter came by and told us to make sure and leave room for dessert everyone laughed and gave him the old "yeah...right" look, then the desserts came out. Lava Cake, Eight different types of ice cream and sorbet, cheescake, monkey bread and fruit plate (all some of the best desserts Ive ever had). We all left feeling full and if I had one complaint about this place is that we ate so much no one wanted to go to the foundation room after we were dome because everyone was so stuffed. The service was spot on and despite being very crowded, everyone got taken care of promptly when they had a request. Tom Collichio should be very proud to be the owner of this joint, I have told several people since I have been back that it was definetely one of the best meals I have had in my life!
5	Absolutely one of the best meals I've ever had.  If you like steak, this is the place to come -- its a carnivore's heaven.  The steak here blew away the choices at Mesa down the strip.We chose the Angus Smorgasboard for 3.  Basically, they gave us the chef's selection of appetizers, steak , and dessert.What came out was glorious.  Appetizers included Jerusalem Artichockes and a frisee salad that was at least 3-1 bule cheese to salad ratio.  Yum.One of my favorite parts of the meal were the side dishes that came with the main course.  The corn dish was like crack.  I could not stop eating it.  The mushroom risotto was delightful and the sweet potatoes were absolutely yummy.The steak is the star of the show, and we got Ribeye, New York Strip, and Skirt steak.  My wife, who had to be persuaded to get steak, said afterwards that the skirt steak was one of her favorite things she's ever eaten.  My favorite was the ribeye.  FANTASTIC.All of the steaks here are dry-aged and of the best quality you can get (and they have a full selection of Wagyu up to $300 pp).  For this quality of steak you do not (should not) need any sauces or condiments.  The meat itself is the star of the show and needs no enhancement.Dessert was unreal as well.  A selection of sorbets and cobblers and stuff that I told myself I didn't have room for but somehow found room for.Don't miss this place.  I didn't eat again until dinner the next night I was so full.  But that whole next day I couldn't stop thinking about that steak.....
2	OK steak, but nothing over the top.  Ambiance is lacking, and the smoke pouring in from the casino was overwhelming the night we ate there.  Waiters were a bit too pretentious especially for a steakhouse.  No extras or outstanding flavors in the meal here.  In a word average.
5	Delicious! Every morsel of food I put in my mouth her was tender, delectable... just perfect. Great food, Great servce. Sure, it's pricey, but it's worth the price. It's an experience in itself.
5	Yum!! Just had to get that out there. Came here Saturday night with my friends and could not believe how nice this restaurant was. The decor was very nice, not too bright or too dark. We got sat at a table right in front of the arrangement of pumpkins which made for a nice background for our group picture. We ordered three side dishes: baby spinach, baby shitake mushrooms, and roasted garlic and leek gratin potatoes. I didn't try any of the spinach, but the other two were really good. We also shared between the four of us a 16 oz. rib eye and a 10 oz. filet mignon since we had gone to a buffet for lunch. Hmm.. the rib eye was so good! The filet mignon was really tender in the center, but the side was a little dry otherwise it would have been better. Plus, it lacked a little bit in flavor. We didn't get to order any dessert since we were all full. =( I think next time I will have to save room for the chocolate souffle!
5	Great service and amazing food! My boyfriend and I ate here during our trip to Las Vegas and staying in the MGM Grand. I love steak and hadn't had a good piece of meat in a long time so going to Craftsteak was an easy choice. It also helped that we had a discount coupon that we received by booking our room through Expedia. Anyways...I had the bison with berries-delicious! For a side dish we had the sweet potato puree (scrumptious) and for an appetizer we had the mozzarella, also a good choice. Definitely give Craftsteak a try if you like steak! One last thing-the atmosphere is relaxed with a mixture of people who dress up and those who do not...the restaurant staff is also attentive to the fact that most diners have shows to go to and make sure that you will be there on time!
4	great atmosphere, love the menu set-up.
4	We went last night, was great food. The salads were amazing especially. The Frizee salad is to die for and they have the best caesar salad i have ever had and i get it everywhere i go. The steak was good as well, i got Filet Mignon for 56$ and my girlfriend got the short ribs. There was only two issues I had with the restaurant. The ambience and decor was lacking in my opinion, and although the steak was good, I would have liked to have had something more than just a piece of meat, perhaps with some type of dressing, or culinary work done to it other than just cooking it. The sides are also pretty plain. I would go again, but just for the salads.
4	So I've  been to the Craft Steak in Manhattan and now at this location. Ambiance, service, and food were all delightful. If you go, please do yourself a favor and order the steak...and get the mashed potatoes. I promise, you will not be dissapointed.I've eaten at the likes of Flemings, Mortons, Ruth Chris, and others and I must say Craft still remains my favorite. If you're wondering about wine, their selection is excellent. I forgot then name of the cab I got but it had an undertone of black current - yummy.Attire is nice dressy...think JCrew/Banana Republic casual.
3	After being to Lawreys and leaving disappointed (I'll tear them a new one after completing this), I was kinda skeptical to try another LV steakhouse.  But being a fan of Top Chef, I figured I gotta see what's up w/ Colicchio (sp?).Luckily we were there for Restaurant Week so we did their special menu that came with a bunch of sides and 3 different cuts of steak.  We also ordered their yukon gold puree w/ truffle oil.  Can't go wrong with that - 2 of my favs yukon gold & truffle oil in one dish?!  More please!  :)Everything was good, including the steak.  I guess I was expecting GREAT steak and so was a little disappointed.  I must say the portions were good and everything was definitely worth the price (mind you, it was a discounted price for restaurant week).  Other than the puree, nothing exceptionally special.  I'd go back, but it's not at the top of my list for Vegas.
4	Many of you may wonder why I have not been writing as many reviews lately.  Well this is it....I've been saving up to go to craftsteak...not an easy feat on a yoga teacher's salary.What is the result? I have two words for you: Monkey Bread.Oh yeah, that's right.  You thought the two words were going to be steak related? Maybe "Skirt steak"? Or "short rib"? Or "Rib eye"?  Ok, that last one is really only one word, but I couldn't think of an amusing third.NO. You're WRONG.  Where is it at here? Dessert and sides.Don't get me wrong.....the steak is amazing.  And perfectly cooked.  I had the filet as part of surf and turf, and chose scallops as my surf item.  But really, we've all had an amazing steak and an amazing steak is what you would expect from a place with "steak" in the name.The great dessert, however, was a complete shocker.   I believe I even offered to have babies for the pastry chef, which I hoped would get me an introduction, but instead only got me a "you're a creepy customer" giggle.  Oh well.The ambiance here is pretty good EXCEPT the chairs are horrible.  Really REALLY horrible.  Luckily we were not seated at a center table and instead had at least one side of the table that was up against a bench because my poor baby bro who just had back surgery would have never made it through the night in that chair.  The music was also a little off for me....slightly loud country-ish stuff.  I like country; it just seemed a little out of place here.Service was beyond great, and all of the servers very quickly realized that we were the "nice" kind of customers and were chatting with us and showing us adorable baby pictures.  We actually had two people waiting on us plus another two bus boys filling up water, and my water glass was never empty.  That alone is quite a feat because I drink water like it is going out of style.In a place like this I always ask the opinion of the waitstaff and they were very happy to guide us toward some amazing choices.  The yukon gold mashed potatoes were so tasty; not too salty, very creamy and buttery and flavorful.  We also had the mixed mushrooms which, when stacked with a small piece of steak, piece of onion, and a dollop of potato made for one of the most perfect bites I have ever eaten.The scallops were also amazing but the lobster was a real surprise.  The best lobster I've had has not been in steakhouses....it usually seems to be on the beach after being freshly caught and after I am freshly inebriated.  But this lobster was off-the-charts good. So of course the lobster bisque was great as well.The breakdown:Service: 5 starsChairs: 0 starsMusic: 2 starsYukon Mashed Potatoes: 5 starsMushrooms: 5 starsLobster Bisque: 4.5 starsRoasted Red Pepper Salad: 4 starsLobster: 4.5 starsScallops: 4.5 starsFilet: 4 starsMonkey Bread: 10 billion stars. Complicated computer calculation outcome: 4.483 starsI will likely never be able to afford to come here again after dropping more than 300 bucks for all of the above plus a half a bottle of wine...but that is ok.  I still have the memories.  And for at least another 12 hours, the leftovers in the fridge.
3	I was anticipating going to this restaurant for my friend's bday since she wanted a "Vegas" birthday. Well, I'm sad to say that I've had better.First, the amazing: The service from this restaurant was impeccable! The staff was always on hand to bring more bread and fill our water glasses.Second, the food: I love steak. Going to Craftsteak only made sense! I ordered the 16oz Ribeye since the tasting menu wasn't available.. (that was disappointing) If I had to choose a cut of meat, I would say that Ribeye is my absolute favorite.. except I feel like this restaurant was disappointing, especially since this is Tom Colicchio's restaurant. When I got my plate of meat, it was already cut, and a little TOO RESTED where my meat was borderline cold.. a definite first for me. Second, I had some of my friend's diver scallops and I tasted a lot of GRIT/SAND as I was chewing the scallop. It didn't help that it also had a fishy smell/flavor. I'm totally doing this out of order, but I also got the frisee salad.. it was definitely too salty and overpowered by the large clumps of goat cheese. I'm a girl that loves to finish her food, but even I couldn't finish this salad since it was too strong. Dessert - Had the pear/cranberry crumble.. not bad, but not greatThe best part of my meal would've been the bread which tastes and looks like a King's Hawaiian roll, but with a crispy outside and warm tender inside. YUM.. and I did enjoy the mushroom medley, yukon mashed potatoes and the brussel sprouts.. YUMMMY..Conclusion: I was overall disappointed.. I guess the expectation is, if you're a judge on Top Chef, I would expect the entrees (especially steak if it in the restaurant title) to be much better than the contestants'. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case.. and I would much rather go to Stefan's LA Farm.. any day.Sorry Tom.. but I'm still a fan of you as a person! :)
5	So Bomb. The lobster bisque has HUGE chunks of lobster and so flavorful. I wanted to take my TIME on eating it.  The Blue Cheese salad was goodess with creamy dressing and chunks of bacon. Excellent and extensive wine list.  The porterhouse for two  was cooked perfectly. And as a side to the steak we had the potato puree. I could drink that stuff straight. Quite possibly one of the best meals ever. The service was impeccable (we had 2 servers!) and the bartender was super friendly and made great menu recommendations while we waited over a cocktail for our table. Wish I was still in Vegas so I could go there RIGHT NOW!
5	OH. MY. GOD. The best meal I've ever had in my entire life! My boyfriend surprised me with reservations at Craftsteak the last time we went to Vegas. I am a huge fan of "Top Chef" so it was a great surprise!We sat at the bar having some drinks while we waited for our table. The martinis are wonderful and STRONG. Wow! The bartender was like an encyclopedia on whiskey and shared his wealth of knowledge with anyone sitting at the bar. The menu is done ala carte, so be prepared for that. The bread they bring is probably the most amazing thing I've ever eaten in my life! Soft, gooey, salty, delicious!!!! The steak was PERFECT in every way. I had the asparagus as my side (delicious and perfectly seasoned). My boyfriend had the fingerling potatoes. Those weren't anything special, in my opinion.The steak, by the way, was I believe 12 ounces. So you will definitely be FULL. We did not have room for dessert--which was very sad. :( The woman next to us got the surf and turf dish (the lobster looked amazing) and she also had the chocolate souffle. My only regret was that we didn't get dessert!The restaurant was elegant and romantic and the service was impeccable. My favorite fancy restaurant in Vegas!
4	Delicious, but expensive.Dined here a few weeks ago and I just remembered right now how awesome the dinner rolls were. They looked sweet from the glaze on top, but there was salt sprinkled on top.Came here during Pacquiao-Cotto fight weekend so excitement was in the air at MGM. The restaurant was packed and everybody looked like they were having a good time.With our party of 6, most of us ordered the surf and turf deal with respective sides. My gf and I got that along with the carrots and risotto.   Take note that the sides are HUGE and definitely family style. The filet mignon and shrimp was satisfying.After feasting, we ended the night with chocolate souffle and ridiculous sized serving of coffee. Each person got their own french press!6 people = $750. If you're looking for a lower priced steakhouse with a celebrity chef, I'd highly recommend StripSteak by Michael Mina at Mandalay.
5	This place is super good.  My boyfriend and I decided to dine here on Thanksgiving evening.  Although, I did not order from the Thanksgiving tasting menu because I had already had turkey for lunch.We ordered the Rib Eye, scallops, creamed spinach, and french press coffee.Everything was good.  The scallops were my favorite probably because it lay in a bed of butter =).  haha.  Tthe french press coffee was sooooooooooo good; hit the spot.  It tastes like coffee I've had in Paris, you don't even need the cream and sugar.  Rib eye was tasty.  Seems lik we didn't order much, but the scallops are huge and the beef was thick.  This place is pricey, but its a good dinner date place.  They take long to serve though, but everything is worth the wait.  Service was great, and our waiter was nice =).  Atmosphere definitely gives out a good vibe making it perfect for a nice date with lots of communication.
5	I spent the same $$$ at this place as I did at L'atelier and got like seven times the amount of food. Of course, it's not really about that, it's about the fact that the steaks are knock-your-socks-off good. We had the Kobe menu, which means that for two people, we got to share two kobe steaks- a filet mignon and a skirt steak- 3 sides, 3 apps, and 3 desserts. Way, way to much food, it was actually freaking us out and we had to ask to have one of the sides removed from our table because we needed to focus our energies on the MEAT. Kobe skirt steak....my second favorite steak, after the cowboy cut i had at Porterhouse NY. Our waiter was really excellent also, very nice guy. I can't wait to come back here and hopefully order more smartly so I can enjoy everything and not pass out face first into my ice cream.
2	I wanted to write this review as soon as I was out of the door. The husband wanted me to contact management prior to posting, however, I feel the need to post this now. I ordered the American Kobe 10 oz filet. Med-rare. After 3 attempts my final steak was close to med rare. A true disappointment. If you love steak, I do not recommend this establishment. I expected a bit more from a restaurant bearing Tom C's name.The waiters and sommelier were top notch, however - for $110 - med rare should be med rare. My fault entirely for the hope that the third time is the charm.
1	This restaurant is way overrated. We tried their winter tasting menu and had the lobster bisque.  We were not very impressed. It took a while for the waiter to bring us bread and they were not even all that great. I had better at Texas roadhouse. The meal was quite expensive for what we got. The only thing I liked was the quail appetizer which was juicy and tasty but the beefs were not. What a disappointment.   The meal was way overpriced. I'm sorry to say that the quality of the food is only on par with high buffet quality food such as those from the wynn or bellagio.
5	Had dinner here Saturday before a night out.  Unbeleiveable.We started off with steak tartar, kale and artichoke. for apps.  Dinner was shared, we ordered flank steak, lobster and risotto.SO unreal.   Highly recommended.
5	My fiance is a HUGE red meat fan since he is from Omaha.  So I sent him a list of steakhouses he wanted to go to while in Vegas.  He chose Craftsteak seeing as he had already been to Cut in LA.  We sat down for dinner and the customer service was on point.  The waiters were beyond helpful.  My fiance and I decided to split the meal since we had a large lunch earlier in the day.  So I took a look at the menu and immediately honed in on the lobster bisque.  We ordered that up as well as the T bone, shitake mushrooms, and yukon gold potato puree with chives.  The restaurant kindly split our meal for us at no extra charge.  The bisque came out pipin' hot and had large chunks of lobster in it.  There was no skimpin' involved.  Following the bique was our entree.  It was soo freakin' good and couldn't even finish all of it.  The staff packed up our little doggy bag.  After dinner the man and I went out for drinks and strolled in around 3am.  I start to get ready for bed and discover my fiance had devoured all the leftovers.  Now I know never leave him alone with a steak dinner doggy bag.
5	This was an amazing meal.I had a reservation for 9:30PM and waited at the bar until my table was ready, that took about 10 minutes.  The bar was really busy, martinis left and right.  I started with a Sapphire and Tonic, probably my most favorite drink.  It was mixed well and they actually had plump limes as the lime juice really brings all the flavors together into one cohesive taste for your palate.During dinner I had a classic gin martini, Tanqueray No. 10 was used.  The Tanqueray No. 10 has a more full rolling flavor rather than the regular Tanqueray that, I feel hits with a hard sharp punch.  The martini was mixed well.  The girlfriend had their apple martini, it was also mixed well, tasted like candy, couldn't even tell there was rum in it.Food, me and my lady got the american wagyu tasting menu and had the server surprise us for the menu.  She did an awesome job.This tasting menu comes with two appetizers per person, one steak per person, two sides per person, and two desserts per person.Appetizers:  Arugula salad with sliced radishes with a thai lime vinaigrette.  Peppery with the mild earthiness of the radish and wrapping it together with the sourness from the lime in the vinaigrette.Spinach salad with sliced red onions, sliced cucumbers, with a bleu cheese vinaigrette.Buffalo mozzarella drizzled with olive oil and balsamic vinegar, topped with diced tomatoes, roasted macadamia nuts and garnished with some toasted fennel.Grilled Hawaiian prawns.  This was really good, lemon and cocktail sauce on the side.  Don't forget to suck those heads.Mains:Domestic wagyu 10oz filet mignon and domestic wagyu 12oz skirt steak.  Cooked slightly under medium-rare.  Both cuts had very good marbling, flavored perfectly and cooked how I like it.  Very very tasty!Sides:Yukon gold puree, mushroom assortmet (four types), sauteed baby broccoli.  All were really good.  The potato puree would be the highlight for the sides as they were rich and creamy and a nice surprising twist to the normal mashed potatoes.  Desserts:Roasted pineappleIt was good, but didn't really do anything for meSorbets, Orange basil, the orange and basil really mixed well, unfortunately being so full, the basil was a little more pungent than I would have liked.  Second sorbet, Cabernet Concord grape, this was great the grape flavor was not too tangy and mixed well with the Cabernet.Chocolate ganash cake with sweet cream.  I really liked this, dark chocolate, not too sweet, the addition of the sweet cream on the side made it perfect.  Nice warm oozing chocolate center mixed with cake and topped with sweet cream.Pear cranberry crumble topped with a scoop of ginger iced cream.  Good texture in the crumble and flavor mixed with the sweetness of the pear followed by a very slight tang from the cranberry.  The ginger iced cream hits you with a medium sharp ginger flavor then mellows out as it melds with the flavor of the pear.  Works great.This was a very tasty meal.  There was enough food to feed another person.  They even packed it up for us to go.  Not only did they pack up the food, they gave us another glass to take or unfinished martinis.Great service, great food.
2	So overrated.So not that good.And SO expensive!!
1	Extremely poor service, below average steaks, but I guess no one notices or complains cause all the customers are drunk on the overpriced red wines. Hey, I guess thats vegas!
5	Fantastic. Excellent items:- Kobe Skirt Steak: Our waiter assured me that I would not be disappointed - and he was right. It melted in my mouth it was so good. - Buffalo Mozzarella: Topped with a roasted red pepper. So, so wonderful. Great items:- Ribeye: The rib eye was great - but the Kobe Skirt Steak was better!- Brussels Sprouts: I love Sprouts - I think mine are better - but Colicchio's were great!Good items:-Potato Puree: It was really good - but I could have done with out. The food was awesome. The restaurant was really warm - it took us a while to cool down. There was a lady walking around offering to take pictures - we went along and got our photo taken - it was outrageously priced and I think it cheapened the dining experience. Other than that, no complaints!
5	Ohhh Weee... the most expensive Filet Mignon I've ever ordered however it was also the best! $56 for a 10 oz & that consists of no sides....lol.But worth every penny & I savored it with a fine Malbec of theirs.I would visit again...Hats off to the Chefs ;)On another note, their staff was not only super cordial but extremely attentive and knowledgeable of the dishes... they have a great training program.
4	Like probably everyone else on here, I am a big fan of Top Chef and Tom Colicchio. When deciding on restaurants to eat at in Vegas, Craftsteak was a given. Located in the restaurant corner of the MGM Grand (it was a little hard to find so allot some time to find it when you get there), Craftsteak at first looks like a quaint little coffee shop next to some bigger gaudier dining facilities. Don't be fooled though! Once you walk past the bar, it opens up into a fine dining area that you would expect from a restaurant of this caliber.I had read some of the reviews here and searched for menus online to figure out what I was prepared to eat (and pay for!). There are 2 things you can do with the menu. You can either order the individual dishes that you want (mostly for those who have been there before and know what they want) or you can go with the chef's menu. Understand that when you come here, you are prepared to eat meat. If you're vegetarian, you'll find dishes, but you won't get quite the experience that your fellow carnivores will get. Given that this was my first time here, I went with the Chef's menu which is for parties of 2 or more. On the Chef's menu, there are several choices and the increasing prices correlates with the grade of beef and whether you want lobster with that. I went with the domestic wagyu surf and turf which I think was $155 per person with a minimum of 2 people.Don't worry if you don't like or can't eat certain types of foods when ordering the chef's menu. Tell the waiter! The chef's menu is anything but set and changes with the people who order and the waiter who serves you! My fiance doesn't like mushrooms so that was scratched off the menu and replaced by spinach and some potatoes that were mashed to the point that they were just golden liquid yellow goodness.We started off with 4 appetizer dishes which included the following: prosciutto with a pear chutney , seared shrimp cocktail, fresh mozzarella, and a fresh caesar salad topped with fresh anchovies. I have to be honest, they were all very nicely prepared, very delicious, but if you're here to get "mind blowing" flavors and flavor combinations, this might disappoint you. However, I can't stress enough that they use the freshest of ingredients. I don't normally like anchovies, but these were delicious!I had ordered a lobster bisque to taste since so many people recommended it, but I think the waiter forgot about that. Luckily he did because I was about to explode afterwards. TOO MUCH FOOD! LOLThen we got served the main course: the skirt steak, riblet and lobster. I actually didn't think the lobster was all that stunning. It was good, but nothing special! The skirt steak and riblet, on the other hand, were simply delicious. They were so savory and literally melts in your mouth. The sauce is quite stunning and perfectly complements the expensive beef.But wait! It's not over until after dessert! They gave us 4 desserts: spiced pineapple (eh), 2 types of sorbets (pleasant), chocolate lava cake (mm) and monkey bread with banana ice cream. Now, for me, the most mind blowing dish of the night was the monkey bread! It's pretty much like a cinnamon roll but the caramelized sugar and perfect amount of flavoring makes it worth coming to Craftsteak to have this pastry. I forgot to mention earlier that their bread is fantastic, but don't fill up! I think we ate all 6 rolls and that doomed us for the rest of the dinner. Service here is great. They are not only attentive (and not annoyingly so), but they are pleasant to speak to and very polite. However, I did feel that we lost some of that attentiveness towards the end of the night. If it were at some other restaurant, I wouldn't be bothered, but since we're tipping these people $80-$100 for the food, you would expect better.Dress code is business casual (button up shirts, no jeans, no ties, no jackets). If you're here on the weekend, I recommend getting a reservation. If you're in a hurry to go to a show, then maybe the Chef's menu is not for you. If you order dishes individually, just let the waiter know that you have a show. They will get you out in time!
5	Worth every penny.  Hands down, this was the best meal of my life.   I can't tell you what I ate for breakfast this morning, but I ate here over two weeks ago, and I can still remember every detail of every dish of every course.  My friend and I got the tasting menu, and, although it is an obscene amount of food for two people, I highly recommend it because you get to try so many different dishes.  You just have to practice the art of self-restraint so that you save room for the monkey bread. Of the four (yes, 4!) appetizers that they brought us, the best were the grilled spot prawns, with the heads still on.  You just pop those eyes off and bite into buttery bliss.  For the main course, we got two different steaks -- filet mignon and the ribeye.  Never in my life have I eaten such deliciousness.  I didn't know that food of any kind could taste this divine.  The meat literally melted in my mouth.  I don't know who cooked my steak that evening, but I would have married him in the MGM chapel that very night.  And then there were the mushrooms -- hen of the woods and other exotic varieties.  Good god.  They were firm, yet soft and seasoned to perfection.  The ideal complement to the steak.  Now, mind you, I had NO room for dessert.  None.  But, luckily, I have a separate dessert stomach that had just enough room.  Again, they brought out *4* desserts.  Ridiculous.  I won't bother to describe the other 3 desserts because the monkey bread stole the show.  It sat right there next to the molten chocolate cake, which, on any other day, would have been my preference.  But, this monkey bread was better than chocolate.  Blasphemy, I know.   Each monkey ball is rolled in butter and sugar, and soaks up all the flavors -- it's like every bite is that best first bite of the cinnamon roll.  The service was impeccable, the kind where you don't even notice they're there, yet everything is taken care of for you.  Put Craftsteak on your list of "things I must experience before I die" right there next to bungee jumping and seeing the Parthenon.
5	Wish we had come in for dinner, but we had eaten elsewhere and came in here to sit at the bar and have a drink. The service was excellent, our bartender was very friendly and helpful. I got a glass of their Riesling which was very good. We had dessert here as well. The cinnamon monkey bread is to die for, it tastes like a gourmet cinnamon bun. It's layered with hot, sticky caramel and nuts and served with a brown sugar banana ice cream if I recall. Sooo good. The fresh fruit was good as well, the pears were really delicious. The inside is beautiful and classy and can't wait to come for dinner!
5	I'm not even sure what I can say about Craftsteak that hasn't been said. This place has AWESOME food. It's totally worth every penny, like everyone says. My husband and I had the fall/winter tasting menu ($70/pp) which you have to now ask for (it was that popular that they don't talk about it on their menus anymore, so be sure and ask!) and you literally get to try everything they mention on the menu. I've never been anywhere that did that before, usually you have to choose your "app, entree & dessert" out of a few choices. It was great to be able to try it all! The wait service was one of the best I've had at any restaurant in my life. They kept bringing out more and more food, I couldn't believe it! Definitely a place where you get the most bang for your buck. We had 4 salads (a fennel salad, mozzarella salad, quail and cranberry salad, and a cucumber salad), 3 entrees (two kinds of steak, both cooked perfectly, and giant scallops, also cooked perfectly), 3 sides (the great potato puree everyone talks about, some awesome braised brussel sprouts, and braised mushroom medley), and two desserts (lava cake and monkey bread). I've never eaten so much in my life, but it was so worth it. Also, the hostess heard me mention (totally off-hand, she asked why we were in Vegas) that it was our anniversary, and they gave us the lava cake as an extra dessert for our anniversary (complete with "happy anniversary" piped on the plate in chocolate, yum!) What awesome service! I highly recommend Craftsteak for the service, the ambiance (nice low-lit booths, very romantic), and OF COURSE the food. Eat here if you can! :) Definitely in my top 5 best meals of all time.
3	I am not sure why I dont remember the food - but I am sure its a bad sign (for the food). After having been to steak houses in NYC, Philly, Cincinnati (!) and all over the rest of the lower states, this just doesnt compare a) pricewise and b) foodwise. The seating was not perfect, but man, who knows that a reservation is needed to get a good seating in a half filled restaurant on a Monday night in low low season. Ok, seating was confortable. Drinks were ok, and the food was good - period, good, but not enough to jump around and yell out the chefs name in praise - but that is exactly what I had expected here. Size doesnt impress me, wondering why it had to be a 10oz Filet and esp. wondering why it had to be $56 (!!!)...whoa - thats more than Prime 112 in Miami.Maybe same as with dating, lower ur expectations towards the dating experience and eventually u will be positively surprised (or not, aaargh).
2	I would gladly give Craftsteak a 5-star review but for a few key reasons.1. We got better food for less than half the price at Delmonico2. The service was slow.3 The portions were ridiculously small.4. They charged $3.50 per soft drink refill  (cheap steakhouses like Sizzler don't even do that and they didn't do that at Delmonico).In case your interested Delmonico is owned by Chef Emeril Lagasseand tastes better with a much friendlier staff and better food, we regret our decision to go to Craftsteak and will never return.The food was good but did not live up to its $653.00 price tag for 5 people.At Delmonico it was $208.00 for much better food and a much more helpful waiter, and oh by the way I got charged for everytime my glass of water was refilled for the same bottle of water.Why can't I just get charged once per bottle?
2	The food here is mediocre at best!  I guess when the waiter "suggests" the tasting menu, that might be the only thing good...everything else on the menu tasted salty and the chefs failed to cook our steaks twice!       We came here and decided to go straight to the entrees & sides.  My friends shared the ribeye, new york strip, and t-bone.  None of these were american or japanese kobe, just the regular steaks.  First, our steaks didnt even come out on time...they brought out two steaks and sides, then 5mins later our third steak arrives...cmon chefs you can do better than that!  Second, the first two steaks that came out (new york strip and ribeye) were cold and overcooked.  When I say cold I dont mean "warm," it was luke-warm at best..it tasted as if it had been sitting on the counter for 10min... Third, they overcooked the steak, or maybe it was sitting on the counter for so long that the steak kept cooking and also became cold at the same time..who knows, either way the steaks came out medium and medium-well, when we asked for medium-rare.     We told the waiter about our unsatisfied steaks, and he took our steaks back and had them recook it without questions!  A+ on the waiter's part for taking back our steaks NO QUESTIONS ASKED...unfortunately he tried to double charge us on our bill!     We also ordered sides of mushrooms, mashed potatoes, and sauteed brocolli.  The mashed potatoes were very good!  The mushrooms and broccoli were way too salty!  Our t-bone steak came out okay, but i felt like the meat was a little bit tough and didnt have much flavor...then again I hardly eat t-bone.  So we waited and waited for our two steaks to come back, the waiter swung by a couple times to tell us our steaks would be here shortly..but it took almost 25min for our steaks to come back..way too long in my opinion!  Finally our steaks came back, but this time the steaks were way too rare!  The waiter tells us he cooked it rare+ (which is somewhere between medium-rare and rare).  But, we didnt ask for rare+, we asked for medium rare...the rare+ was raw on the inside, it looked almost rare, and the inside was not even cooked (it was cold).   Of  course, at this point we were dissapointed and didnt want to tell the waiter to take it back again (it might have taken another 20min of our time).   We decided to eat the side pieces of the meat and avoid the rare parts..the ribeye was actually a good piece of meat, but its hard to eat rare meat.   The new york was a little chewy, but that could be because it was undercooked!         Another thing to add to our experience here was the waiter kept dissapearing on us, we waited almost 30min for our check, and once he brought our food out, he would dissapear for 15-20min...service was way too slow here...we even asked the other waitress to get our check, but she insisted our waiter would be here shortly.        Overall, this place failed to deliver quality steaks and service.  The service was slow, they kept us waiting on food and our check, which makes a very unhappy customer.  The steaks we ordered weren't from the "recommended" menu, maybe thats why they didnt turn out good, but i'd expect quality food on the whole menu!   The chefs really need to learn to time the entrees, all food should come out at once.  The steak also needs to be cooked right, which the chefs failed to do!            Ohh one last point, when we sent back our steaks, the waiter tried to bill us twice for both the steaks, we notice'd a double charge on our bill..pretty shady by the waiter!  He tried to play it dumb when we told him, but it was so obvious he tried to double charge us for no reason...bad food and service overall!  But maybe its because we didnt order from the tasting menu, which is 100+ per person.
2	My husband and I went to dinner here for our anniversary and based on the reviews here were really excited to try it.  Now we wish we would have went elsewhere.  The food was below average for a moderate-low end steakhouse, and way below average for a high end steakhouse.  We were tempted to send quite a few items back. Dinner Rolls/Bread:  These were good, nice flavor, fluffy.  We each had one piece and were very tempted to have more, but wanted to pace ourselves for what we thought was coming.Beef Tartar -- We've never had beef tartar before so I have nothing to compare this to, this was pretty good.  Spinach Salad -- This was good, the dressing was light with a great peppery flavor to it.  Mozzarella salad - This was also tasty.We probably should have ended our meal here.Kobe waygu Ribeye - Blah.  We've had much better -- more tender and flavorful -  ribeyes from Flemings, Mortons, Ruth's Chris, 333 Pacifc, and a handful of other steakhouses.  Kobe waygu Skirt Steak - The middle pieces of this had a pretty nice flavor, but it was a tough piece of meat.  We shouldn't have let the waiter talk us into the skirt steak, but based on how the ribeye tasted I can't imagine the filet could have saved this meal.  Yukon Gold Puree -- Good flavor, very smooth mashed potatoes. Asparagus - It tasted like asparagus and was nicely grilled.Carrots -- These had a lot of flavor.Chocolate dessert -- I'm not sure if this was the souffle or the ganache cake -- it seemed to be similar to a lava cake, all I know is it was the worst dessert I've ever had.  And I love everything chocolate. The texture was horrible -- gritty, almost as if someone forgot to fully stir the batter.  Yuck.Grilled pineapple -- This had a nice flavor, but it was probably a can of pineapple with some extra flavoring mixed in.Sorbets -- I'm not a sorbet fan, my husband thought one of the sorbets was pretty good though.Monkey Bread -- This was fantastic.  Definitely the highlight of the meal, but definitely did not make up for the lack of flavor in the steaks.  I will say that the wait staff was great and if we would have complained they probably would have handled it promptly and brought something else out...but when neither of the steaks come close to expectations, I'm not sure complaining would do any good. I would not go back.  I wanted to give this 1.5 stars, but can't figure out how to do a 1/2 star, I'm in a good mood so I'm rounding up to 2 stars instead of down to 1 star.
5	WOW! That's the first word that comes to mind when it comes to Craftsteak. After all the superb recommendations, we had to come here to give it a try while at Vegas. We looked at the menu days/weeks before so we already knew what to order. We started out with the lobster bisque. I ordered the braised short ribs and hubby ordered the Kobe Waygu skirt steak with a side of hen of the woods mushrooms. The lobster bisque is the best I ever tasted. It has chunks of lobster in it which is rare since I have tried others. The short ribs were tender, succulent, filled with robust flavors and melted in my mouth. I tried some of the Kobe waygu which was cooked to a medium perfection. If you never tried this type of beef, it is definitely worth the money. It is just different in a VERY good way. If you are a mushroom lover such as myself, you will like the Hen of the woods mushroom. I am not sure if they season it or how they cooked it, but it was delicious. It has a great earthy taste with a great texture that is hard to describe. We also tried their Chocolate souffle and oh my, oh my....it was warm, chocolaty and satisfying. Dinner was so good, we didn't want to end it so quickly so along with the souffle, we ordered the banana brown sugar ice cream. Eating here was just a blast and I can't wait to go back. From the atmosphere to the EXCELLENT service, there is nothing to complain about. By the way, the complimentary dinner rolls are also addicting. It comes to your table warm and slightly salted on the top.
4	As a Top Chef fan I had to see if this was going to be great.   Did Tom really know how to make a perfect steak?  YUMMY!  Yes my expectations were high and the steak did live up to them!  The fillet Mignon was amazing, the oysters were fresh, the side dishes were all very tasty and a perfect compliment to the steak.  The portions were very generous but not overly huge, too bad I can't say that for the price tag, it was an expensive dinner and being a San Franciscan, I know we can have amazing food in they city for much less, but I never order steak because most places can't really prepare it right.  We accepted that everything in Vegas is over the top.  The restaurant is very elegant but simple at the same time, and the diners are dressed up and there to enjoy a nice relaxing meal.The service could have been better, the service was slow and our waiter didn't give us quite the attention we needed.  But overall we were very pleased and I would try the NY location.
4	We made 6:45 pm reservations for the day before New Year's Eve for just my husband and me.  We arrived a little early, at which time the hostess directed us to the bar area.  The decor was simplistic, lots of wood and stone features.  Love the pendant lighting.  After about 5 minutes, we were directed to our table which was at the end of an aisle of tables and parallel against a divider.  I liked this and was glad that they didn't place us in one of those side by side tables, next to another 2 party table.  Those just lack the privacy you sometimes need.  The server immediately approached us to give us our menus, which we actually viewed online prior to dinner.  On the menu, you can order the dishes individually or you can opt to go with one of their tasting menu options.  Because we have never tried kobe beef and were quite curious to know what the big deal was, we began considering the domestic kobe wagyu tasting menu.  It was $130/pp and included three courses.  I wanted clarification, so I asked the server what it specifically included.  He was very informative.  The first course included selections from their appetizers and salads.  The main course was your choice of cut, which was accompanied by sides.  Then the last course was selections of dessert.  The food comes out almost like family style so that both my husband and me could sample a little of everything.  The server gave us examples of combinations that we could order.  After he left, we started deciding on what cuts we wanted and the different selections for the first course and our sides and were finally set on our order.  Well, this is where Craftsteak lost its fifth star...All of a sudden, another server comes to our table.  Although very cordial, he asks us if we are ready to order.  We just assumed that maybe the other server went on break or something, so we tell the gentleman that we are both having the domestic kobe beef tasting menus.  He asks us if we have any dietary restrictions or allergies and then takes our menu.  We were all ready to tell him our selections for the first course, our sides, and our cuts for our steak, but he didn't ask for any.  So after giving him a confused and perplexed look, I asked about what items would we be getting for our first course or what would they be bringing out.  He said the chef chooses samplings of their more popular dishes or signature dishes.  Being new to this, we basically just nodded and said alright.  A few minutes later, we spotted the first server and called him over to express our concerns, since he gave us the impression that we could choose our first course and our cuts.  The first server came back, reported to us what was specifically was ordered and if that was okay.  We ended up getting the ribeye and the filet mignon for our cuts.  The first course samplings were fine, but we wished we could have had some say in the dessert selections.  Recommendation:  If this should happen to you, know that you have full say in what selections can be ordered for your tastings.  Now for the taste...I can't exactly remember the names of our first course selections, but we were wonderfully satisfied.  Although a little on the salty side, the red cabbage with fried goat cheese and crostini was yummy.  The cucumber salad was refreshing.  Prosciutto was alright, nothing that really wowed us.  Fresh baked rolls were mmm, mmm good.  Don't let the look or presentation deceive you.  I love me some good bread and this was heavenly bread.  It looks store bought, but it is so fresh, soft with slight salt flavor on top.  This made us fool quick.  The ribeye was good.  I think I was expecting a little more; it was a little tougher than I thought it would be.  It may have been because we ordered med-well.  Flavor was excellent though.  Filet mignon though, was a whole other story.  Wow....I have never tasted beef like this.  We savored every bit of those 6 slices.  The special sauce made for each of the cuts also brought out their flavors.  The accompanied mushroom risotto, asparagus, and surprising Maui onion were all so good.  Fabulous sides.  I never thought I would have loved onion so much.  We began slowing down after 4 slices of steak each.  Warning:  It's definitely a lot of food for two people.  We boxed up a lot to take home.  I was really excited about dessert, but was a little disappointed.  The pear sorbet and the cranberry crisp with ginger ice cream were probably my favorites.  The orange basil ice cream tasted a little like I had just licked a smudge of lotion off my hand.  Not to my liking.  The vanilla bean cheesecake was good, but a little too heavy.  All in all, service was outstanding.  The system of ordering could have been a bit clearer.  Food was the best we have eaten for a steakhouse.  Not stuffy or too formal for a high priced dining experience.  Decor and ambiance were pleasant.  i would go back again.  We're missing the filet...it does melt in your mouth!!!
5	My dinner at Craftsteak was the best meal of my life!  I ordered fairly standard fare for a steak house:  filet mignon, hen of the woods mushrooms, and green beans.  The fresh herbs, flawless preparation, and attention to detail is what set this dinner apart from the rest.  Every bite was a flavor explosion.  It made me feel like I was a judge on Top Chef!
4	Crafrsteak was a wonderful experience. We had our reservation, and were seated right on time. The lighting was low and comfortable, and the servers were all polite and courteous. The decor was kind of steam-punk contemporary, I guess, with the bathroom looking like a really clean (and luxurious?) boiler room.  The chairs were comfortable, and the candles on the table were nice, as well.We had a special order on a steak, and the chef was happy to accomodate us on it without any difficulty.  We were first served a very delicious and buttery loaf of bread, with sea salt on top.  It was really great for such a simple dish, without the frou-frou stuff you tend to see in expensive restaurants.  The steak was cooked to perfection, tender and full of flavor, and the scallops were perfect.  Truly a great combination.  They were very large and thick.  I can't remember what they said was on them, but it was a unique taste I hadn't had before.  We also had mushrooms and a great-tasting tartare, both of which I enjoyed very much.I really enjoyed Craftsteak overall, with good service, delicious food, and a great overall experience.
5	Outstanding! We were served the best meal in Vegas on New Year's Eve weekend. It all started with a perfectly chilled martini, a Meyers & coke and super-friendly bartender. The meal began with the steak tartare: fresh, well seasoned, savory, scrumptious! Followed with baby artichokes in a light horseradish cream sauce: succulent and flavorful. main course for me was fillet Mignon medium rare: buttery perfection. My date had the bone-in rib eye ordered medium well. Despite this bit of culinary daring his steak was actually even better than mine! Smokey and lightly crunchy on the outside but still moist and delicious on the inside. Side dish was kale with cannelini beans in butter & garlic. Simple and good. Dinner service was professional but a bit cool. Luckily my focus was across the table ; ). Excellent choice in a sea of good choices now available in Vegas, Go and eat the meat!
5	The last two reviews I wrote about places in Vegas, I complained about the prices.  It's not that I'm cheap, but I hate paying high prices for mediocre food.Enter Craftsteak.  Was it an expensive dinner for two?  Absolutely.  Was it worth it?  Absolutely.I can't say much more than what others have said - our meats came out perfectly perfect (roasted filet and grilled ribeye), the beet salad was delicious (and I didn't even think I liked beets!), the kobe tartare was stupid (and I mean stupid) good, and the yukon gold puree and mushroom medley were heavenly.  We WAY over-ordered, but it didn't matter - it was my birthday dinner to myself so I wasn't about to hold back.Service was impeccable.  Lighting was slightly dim, but I kind of like that vibe.  Plus it makes my bling sparkle.  ;)  I couldn't decide between CUT and Craftsteak, but after our meal, I was very pleased with my decision.Happy birthday to me!
5	If you go to a steakhouse just for the meat (is there a better reason?), Craftsteak, run by James Beard awarded, Top Chef-winning Tom Collichio is hard to top. Their selections--some roasted, some grilled--of wet and dry aged Prime Angus beef (T-Bones, hangar steaks), as well as Wagyu (American Kobe) are expansive and show a true appreciation of beef. In particular, the wagyu flatiron and wagyu skirt steak are both loaded with flavor despite dense velvety texture (and the skirt steak held a beautiful char). Though their prime hangar steak was virtually as good, aged so thoroughly it had the distinct essence of blue cheese (undoubtedly the deal of the menu, if not the best meat for its price in the whole town). All meat is finished in a bordelaise reduction that makes the thought of any other sauce redundant. There are of course oysters and several other shellfish options.Their sides and options show an attention to fresh ingredients rather than tried-and-true recipes---market mushrooms, Jerusalem artichokes, a sweet corn dish with "cult status" (says the waiter), and a fine persian cucumber salad are among the must-haves. Wine pairings were good, not great. They have a category-killing selection of well over 100 Scotch whiskeys, and plenty of big California Cult wines on their list, if money is burning a hole in your pocket.For dessert, their exceptionally light bread pudding and seasonal fruit proved an excellent finish.Comfortable, modern, neutral ambiance in a room that feels intimate despite its size. Service is family style.
3	Took Hubby here for a very VERY special dinner right before we went to watch Cirque du Soleil - the Beatles LOVE show.It was.. good, but not even close to being anywhere near the top of my steakhouse list, and I love filet and have been to quite a few steakhouses.Both Hubby and I got the surf and turf. He got the shrimp and filet and I got the half lobster and filet and we shared. The shrimp wasn't cooked enough, and the flavor was a little off. The lobster was bland. The filet was good, but nothing special. Hubby and I both concurred that Morton's is still our favorite.At this level of expensiveness, I was expecting more. Furthermore, after watching and drooling over Top Chef episodes and choosing this restaurant because it is owned by one of the judges (Tom Collichio), Hubby and I were expecting a spectacular meal, and Craftsteak didn't quite live up to our expectations.
5	one of the best steakhouses i have ever eaten at. if you're going with a group of 4 and money is no object, i'd suggest doing the kobe tasting menu. it's 3 courses but the amount of food is so generous. especially the desserts. personally, i don't think the upgrade to surf and turf is worth it. unless it's a 2 pound lobster tail or the sea scallops. sometimes the prawns and crab legs surf options are little too rich because of the butter poaching. my favorite thing on the menu is the kobe skirt. also if you like your whiskey on the rocks, the restaurant has an icemaker that makes a 2 1/2 square inch cube.
2	Overhyped and totally underwhelming.  What a terrible disappointment it was. I have no doubt that the ingredients here are top notch. I in no way doubt the chef's ability to make food into art and his overally ability to make people want to inhale a week's worth of fats, sodium, and choloesteral, and calories into one seating--BUT this was certainly an off night for the whole establishment as a whole.  So terrible--that it's highly unlikely that I would ever give this particular off shoot of the Tom Colicchio family again.  And I LOVE Tom Colicchio.  Oh--to boot--there was a rather shocking event (or 2) that only helped to deteriote my opinion of this establishment. I made reservations for 7 people for Saturday night at 6pm. We were all jazzed up about dining here.  We were greeted and seated immediately at one of the round tables.After going through the menu and drooling over everyone's choices--we ordered the following:  Rack of lamb, 3 T-bones, NY strip, Filet Surf and Turf, Ribeye, 2 caesar salads, Yukon Gold mashed potatoes, and fries.  We asked the waiter if he thought that would be sufficient and he chuckled and said we could feed a small nation.  Sounds good.  FoodBread--B+:  Fresh hot buns sprinkled with sea salt.  Winner.  Caesar Salad-- A:  You can't really go wrong here.  Very tasty--especially enjoyed the anchovies.  Very light and not overly dressed.  Yukon Gold Pureed Potatoes-- D:  We all saw the pictures before hand.  We saw the layer of melted butter sauce that drowned this particular side.  It spoke our language.  This dish really proved to us that just because it's swimming in butter--it doesn't mean it's going to good.  The glutton in all of us echoed the same thing--Fail.  Aside from butter--this really didn't taste like much else.  If you got lucky--you had some chives.  Bland and rather tasteless.    Asparagus--A:  Look, I love asparagus so it in all ikelihood was going to get top marks from me--but these were superb.  Young, tender asparagus in olive oil and cracked pepper.  These were so succulent, and the flower had a perfect dry "crisp" bit to it.  HUGE fan of this dish. Strip--C minus : I asked for Medium Rare.  Waiter told me it will be slightly bloody and I told him I partially wanted it to Moo when it got to the table.  My steak came out well done.  Yes--well done steak.  No red, no pink--just brown.  I don't think I need to go into detail about how this tastes.  Okay--i'll give you one word--dry.   I wanted to send it back, I wanted to sent it back so badly.  But I didn't.  I was dining with a group of friends, and I didn't want to make a scene.  I wanted everyone to enjoy their meals.  I can't go into detail about how everyone else felt about their food since I only took a small bite out of each dish.  My feelings--good, not great.  For most of the meal, we all seemed to come upon a general, silent concensus--This was craftsteak?  Not only did no one rave about the food, but no one even said anything all too complimentary.  Now--at the end of the meal, we all burst.  We all expressed our disappointment in the food.  Mediocre.  Nothing stood out.  Tasty? Yes.  But for the same price--I would gladly dine at Mastro's, Mortons, or Delmonico's (which despite its lower rating here on Yelp, is a wonderful and top notch establisbment).  Whereas we originally planned on ordering all the desserts--we were all so disappointed we decided against it.  So--a girlfriend and I both didn't finish our steaks.  They offered to pack our steaks for us and said complimentary sweets would be served soon.  No more than 4 minutes after our waiter left, a man a yeard away from our table slips/faints/whatever and hits his head on the wheeled cart.  We were shocked.  My boyfriend gets up to make sure the gentleman is okay, but is stopped short when the waiters and the fallen man's friends rush to his side.  It's a frightening.  He is obviously dazed, and it becomes apparent that he is now bleeding.  A staff member rushes over to his aid with more napkins and a bucket.  We are all in shock--as was the entire restaurant.  But we were the closest--only 4 ft away.  Then the man started to vomit.  It didn't stop.  3 times--and we had front row seats.  He was finally moved to a different part of the restaurant and awaited the ambulence.  No one addressed the incident with us--even though we had a front row seat to the bleeding and the vomit.  We ask for our take away boxes--and after coming up empty handed the first time, returns to tell us it has been thrown away.  Now these were in no form dinky portions.  It was half of our entree. He apologized and said he would have the kitchen whip up new steaks. He brought out 2 boxes 15 later and we left.  It wasn't until we got back to our hotels did we see what were in the boxes--1/2 cut up strip, asparagus, and rolls was what we got for my strip and 1/2 her t-bone.  Massive fail.
2	Went here the other night with 5 other friends and we had extremely high expectations for the restaurant---especially since Tom Collichio's name was attached to it.As a group we shared the side dishes (everything is a la carte) and each ordered some form of steak. I shared the dry-aged ribeye and was EXTREMELY disappointed. You would think that with a 96$ steak for two, it would melt in your mouth like butter and be full of flavor. The steak was tough and and just as tough to cut. Boy, was I wrong!Side dishes---mushroom risotto was undercooked and had mushrooms layered on top rather than within, grilled asparagus with some pieces overdone, sweet potato puree was worse than baby food. My friend's ribeye was overcooked as well as she ordered it medium rare but arrived with very little pink!If you're going for the NAME and reputation of Tom, then enjoy. If you're going for the food, you're almost better off at Outback Steakhouse! Then you wouldn't have wasted over $600 on your dinner bill!!!
4	Yes, I had a magnificent steak. But the next day, the hen of the woods mushroom side dish was what i craved.
4	Went there last week, dinner for two. It was expensive! Restaurant was packed, we had reservations for 9:30pm. Those without reservations had to eat at the bar. Lighting was dim, but I didn't mind. We were seated in a booth in the back, but once again I didn't mind because the place was completely full for the night. It was CES week after all...We didn't have breakfast or lunch that day. We snacked on a berry danish and smoothie from Jean Philippe in the afternoon so we could eat like pigs at night. ;)We ordered a few martini's and they were quite good. At $13 each, it's quite reasonable/cheap because 1) it's Vegas, 2) well made, 3) quite strong, 4) compared to drinks @ Sushi Samba, these were spectacular!We settled on the wagyu's chef tasting menu $130pp.I read a ton of reviews before I came here and heard how good the rolls were. They're just rolls, how good could they possibly be?? OMG! The dinner rolls were light and airy, came out warm and had just a touch of salt. I could've eaten a ton, but I didn't. We should've taken some to go, and made wagyu sandwiches with them.. =D4 Apps: Watercress and Cucumber Salad: really quite refreshing, yet very simple.Buffalo mozzarella: really liked this. I don't like cheese in general but the mozzarella was so creamy and with a touch of balsamic vinegar, it was delish!Hawaiian Prawns - seriously these were probably the best prawns I've ever had. Tons of flavor, thank goodness for the dim lighting because we sucked on the heads like Anthony Bourdain says it really is the best part. Prosciutto with Pear Chutney: nothing special.Main: Wagyu skirt steak: my friend loves ribeye because of the fat content but he said the skirt steak was actually better then the ribeye... It was quite flavorful and charred just a bit on the edges.Wagyu ribeye: it was good, even better the next day. Sides:Wild mushroom medley: delicious though a little bit too salty for meCreamed Yukon Gold Potatoes: creamiest mashed potatoes with so much butter.. I would never put this much cream/butter in my own potatoes, but they were so....good.Asparagus: grilled, something you can make at home, but goodI probably only had a slice each of the ribeye and the skirt steak because I was mainly concentrating on the sides. I don't really like steak, so my friend was eating most of the meat. Thank goodness we didn't have lunch that day because we were so full. We took what was left of the steak to go and we still had dessert coming up. For dessert we were brought out: Dark Chocolate  Molten Cake, an assortment of Sorbet, Cherry Cobbler and some Grilled Pineapple. We didn't really care for any of them. So 1 star off for that. I've had way better molten cake, but I live in nyc; we have good food whether it's cheap or expensive. The grilled pineapple - really? who would pay for that? Sorbet was okay but I had better just the other night at the Venetian. Maybe a lil too icy and not enough fruit. I don't really think cherry cobbler belongs in an upscale restaurant. I want something richer or fancier, not something I could get at a diner. We took the desserts back to hotel as well.We spent a little over $400 since we had 6 drinks between the 2 of us. The next time I'm back in Vegas, I'd go back for drinks, but I'll probably check out CUT or Delmonico.
4	My wife and I have eaten here several times.  We usually get Kobe and the beef and the sides have always been extremely well done.  The service is attentive but not over the top.  Good wine selection.The only thing keeping me from giving it a fifth star is the atmosphere. It's not an inexpensive place and the atmosphere strikes me as a little too well lit and just not as intimate as I would prefer. I understand it's in the MGM and set up to serve a lot of people, but I think the decor and atmosphere could have been done better.  It's still good enough that we regularly go back though.
2	reservations at 830pm. greeted promptly and was seated. water down in about 2 min after it was ordered. wine came about 5 min later than my liking... perhaps it needed to be breathing much longer. bread: i needed more flavor. and the butter was a sad excuse so bland! c'mon tom!starters: decided to go with some classics to see how the great tom would fair. 1) lobster bisque- okay. good chunks but not exciting. 2) Cesar salad-okay but a bit off, not exactly perfect but almost...surf and turf... 1) steak was done just right cooking temp. but was lacking anything to help the meat taste amazing. sides with 1 was lobster... it was okay. the 2) side was prawns which was good. shared some fries with ketchup that doesn't come with it. and when you ask they just have it in a bottle. the dish also for the hot plates doesn't fit so it might be wobbling when you are slicing into you food. too sad to even order dessert. sorry tom, you didn't live up to my expectations. perhaps another time, cuz i still adore you.
5	Okay ..i gave this place 5 stars and I will tell you why in a minute.Craftsteak is a restaurant owned by Tom Colicchio (Top Chef).  I usually like to try restaurants from famous chefs just to check out the HOOP-LA!!So me and 3 of my friends were in vegas and we went to Craft Steak.  We had their tasting menu paired w/ wine.  Everything was great.....We had ribeyes with all the fixings...mashed potatoes...greens...mushrooms.....everything was soooo good.Now..my review is a little biased and the reason why I gave it 5 stars is because one of my friends who was dining w/ me is friends w/ the pastry chef of the restaurant...and she sent out EVERY dessert on the menu to our table for free...-chocolate cakestrawberry shortcakecinnamon monkey breadvanilla bean cheesecakechocolate soufflebanana puddingfresh fruit6 flavors of ice cream6 flavors of sorbet..Panna CottaRice Puddingthe desserts just kept coming.....and I don't care what anyone says....If you're a SKINNY MINNIE or a FATTY McPATTY...everyone loves dessert!The couple next to us were amazed at the desserts that kept coming out of the kitchen and right to our table.  We all looked like kids in a candy store..and of course, I had to try each one.  By the time we were done with everything....we practically had to be rolled out of the restaurant....The service was excellent and attentive...i would definitely try this place again....but theres so many more chefs out there that I need to catch up with first!
3	Great service. Great atmosphere. Good food. Very expensive (like everything in Vegas).
2	$60 steaks a la carte. That writing on a menu should make me believe this will be the best steak i had ever eaten. For the winter season they had the taster menu starting at $110, so me and a few buddies split that while our big winner in the group got the grade 10 kobe filet mignon. On here i see reviews state its the best steak they had ever had. Great, i want to believe them, but after eating i really question if they had been outside Outback before. This stuff is far from the best. Infact, i had better $30 steaks while traveling through the Dakotas, mid-west and even some areas outside NYC. This is one of the rare instances where yelp is completely wrong with the review. I will never go back because the meat is not worth the price - simply put. Even the $200 steak was just a great steak. Ive had great steaks at 10% that price. The sides were mediocre, nothing spectacular. Yukon gold puree, raw kobe tartar, mushrooms, truffles (not cooked enough). I can see im harping on the price of the products here, but its hard to not let it affect my decision. Look at Sherry T's review, its very accurate.
2	We were terribly disappointed by our first visit. Average steaks and service, with a hefty price tag. After hearing stellar reviews and dozens of praises we gave it another go and had their seasonal tasting menu.Overall, our second Craftsteak experience was better than the first. We've had years in between visits, I noticed the regular menu had been completely redone. Still we failed to see what warrants the praises the restaurant receives. There are too many other steakhouses that offer better tasting quality meats and more creative menus. We don't believe Craftsteak deserves a third chance. We have no intentions to return.
5	This is one of the best steakhouses that i have ever been to. Everything that we had was amazing. The inside is a very dark modern style. If you in vegas looking for steakhouse this is the place to go.
2	I think you're an adorable little thing Tom Colicchio, but Craftsteak was kind of meh.I hear the bread they serve was amazing, but my South Beach ass declined.  The service was lovely.  Many of the sides were delish but they all felt so oily, greasy, heavy.  The steak was steaky I guess, the short ribs had that satiny full of fat mouthfeel that kind of weirds me out but tastes amazing, and the bison was the standout.  Note to self - next time order the bison.  The things I liked best about my meal were the salads and the butterscotch mousse.  The space is gorgeous and cozy, but I certainly won't be in any hurry to come back.Also, the lady that comes around with the camera, you might just want to send her away.  The pictures she took were awfully blurry and grainy and insanely priced - for that price you'd think you'd get a nice photo.  Sadly, no.
5	Went here for my birthday and loved it. Thanks wifey! This place is pretty pricey but if you have the money, why not? Everything they serve is simply delicious.
3	My husband and I chose Craftsteak as our final evening meal in Las Vegas this past week. We are huge, repeat HUGE, Top Chef fans and have been thinking about this meal for weeks. After eating one of the best meals of our life at Woodfire Grill in Atlanta over a month ago, we figured Craftsteak could top that. Unfortunately, it didn't. Perhaps we built it up too much in our minds, but the overall experience was A-OK. Now, don't get me wrong, there were elements to our meal that were outstanding, but if you added each course together, it wasn't blow your mind fantastic.Elements of my meal that were blow-my-mind fantastic - the wild arugula and shaved pecorino salad and the butterscotch mousse. The arugula salad was topped with a refreshing lemon vinaigrette and pine nuts and had a beautiful long shave of pecorino on top. Simple and phenomenal. I went back and forth between the filet and the strip steak and chose the filet. I wish I had ordered the strip steak. My filet was not seasoned and the beef flavor was so-so. My husband ordered the surf and turf with the lobster and filet. His filet was better seasoned and the temperature was a bit more accurate to what he ordered than my filet's temperature was to what I ordered. He did say the lobster was the most amazing lobster he has ever had (but he wasn't wowed by his steak either). He started with the prosciutto, which was paired with an Asian pear chutney and he also said that was good. We ordered the roasted garlic and leek gratin to share and that was good...again, nothing that wowed us.But, the other element that wowed me was dessert. The butterscotch mousse was incredible. A delicious blend of salty sweet smooth goodness. i could have eaten just the butterscotch mousse and been happy. It was served with praline cookies and my husband put the mousse on top of the cookie, but I chose to eat my mousse separate. Overall, it was a good experience, but when you are spending what we spent, we wanted more than just good.
4	Hmm, restaurant from award-winning Chef, my expectations are high.  What a mistake to order the Charcuterie Sampler, please skip. I would suggest ordering the lobster bisque for appetizer instead, taste much much better. My friend and I shared Beef New York Strip and it didn't disappoint.  It is a bit expensive but we shared a dish so we shared the cost =D and the portion was big enough for 2 people.Ambiance is nice, low light settings with candlelights, can be very romantic for a first date.
5	With all the famous and celebrity-chef owned restaurants in Vegas, it was a tough decision to decide which restaurant the bf and I were going to go to.  I've always wanted to check out Craftsteak (my love of Tom Colicchio and Top Chef) and the chance finally came!Reservations seem to fill up quickly, especially with the pre-theater folks so I would suggest trying to make them early.  I ended up having to go with a 5:30pm reservation on a Saturday and when we finally found the restaurant (maze-like MGM) - I was so confused because it was EMPTY. ::shrug::The menu is changed and printed daily based on what produce was available that day.  There are non-steak options, but who comes to a steak restaurant and doesn't order steak!?I had a raspberry martini - brought in a mini shaker and poured table side - - really refreshing but a touch too sweet.  After looking at pictures of the dinner rolls on Yelp I couldn't wait for our server to bring them out.  I don't know what they put in their rolls but they're seriously addicting.  They're baked in the kitchen and served hot in a mini cast iron pan with clarified butter and sea salt on top.  THEY WERE SO FREAKIN GOOD!!!  After the bf and I polished off the first 6 I secretly was hoping they would bring out more and BAM! - 6 more appeared on our table (I took those bad boys to go!).  We decided to split the kobe beef tartare for our appetizer - - it's served with crostini and a raw quail egg - it was really yummy and flavored perfectly.  The bf decided to go with the ribeye and I had the surf and turf (filet and my choice of prawns).  Both our steaks were cooked to the perfect doneness and were so tender.  For our side we went with the roasted fingerling potatoes - really good sized portion for splitting and delicious!  Normally I'm so stuffed that I can't possibly eat dessert but I managed to make some room.  Craftsteak's monkeybread with banana ice cream is the most popular dessert on their menu and for good reason.  It was so good!!!  I found myself really savoring each bite.  The banana ice cream was the perfect sweetness to balance out the monkeybread.Service was on point (as it should be).  Very friendly and knowledgable servers.Yes this meal definately put a dent in the bank account but I'm still full thinking about it and those freakin delicious rolls!  (Tom Colicchio if you're reading this, can I have the recipe????)
2	I had high expectations of this place.  And I chose it because I am a Tom Colichio and Top Chef fan.  I made the reservations a month in advance of my trip there and recieved the time I wanted.    I ordered the filet as did one friend.  The third friend ordered another cut.  We waited at our table and had a great time with the rolls and wine but I had to use the restroom.  When I arrived back at the table, the food was there.  My steak was lukewarm.  I thought it was because of the 8 or so minutes that I had been away from the table but one friend said his was cool too (his was med. rare and mine was med. well).  Other than that the Potatoes were delicious and the asparagus was ok.  I won't go back, I've had GREAT steak at the Las Vegas Hilton steakhouse.  And, for a bit cheaper.
2	Bad night?  Can you have bad nights?  Can I give you bad bills?Craftsteak has a great reputation and I need to believe this is true.  As Tom C. would say on Top Chef, "Everyone has a bad day."  Unfortunately, at ~$100 per person, you should get it right the first and every time.My salad was leafy with little flavor.  I suppose it's hip nowadays to squeeze a lemon on greenery and call it a salad. My filet mignon was overcooked, cold and tough.  My scallops were also cold.  My risotto was forgotten altogether, but that was a plus because it was rushed out and warm upon arrival.  The highlight of the evening was Craftsteaks Monkey Bread dessert.  This is great, but the restaurant isn't called, 'Craftbread.'I have to believe it was a bad night.  I would like return, but at their prices and so many options, I'll move on...
3	I suppose that I have some explainin' to do, considering that my group of 3 friends and I dropped $500 on dinner here yet only gave it 3 stars. So, let me start with the sides. We tried the Hen of the Woods mushrooms, gold yukon potato puree and asparagus. The hen of the woods mushrooms were quite good, but nothing I can't put together myself. They had no great sauce, no POW factor. The gold yukon potatoes were fine - nice potatoes that were boiled and pureed to baby-food texture. No special or unique flavors going on there. Finally, I'm convinced the asparagus was just microwaved in some water. Very poor effort there, guys. Considering each of these dishes was $15-$25, I'm very disappointed. Now, onto some better things. I had the lobster bisque which was very good. Nice and creamy with succulent chunks of lobster. The only complaint I have, if it even counts, is that they served me a ton. It was very rich and I didn't have a cup of bisque, it was a giant bowl. On to the most important thing, which were the steaks. My friends ordered the 16oz Ribeye, 16oz New York Strip, 12oz Hanger and I had the grade 8 12oz wagyu beef skirt steak. They were all really, really good but I have mixed feelings here. Sure, they were cooked perfectly, but I can do that at home on my grill. No sauces here, nothing; just pure steak goodness. It was my first time ordering the wagyu beef, and it was good, but I actually preferred the Hanger of the four steaks we ordered. Overview: The service was impeccable. The wine list was extensive (however out of our price range, at $125 per person without drinks). Though the steaks and bisque were great, the sides were eerily reminiscent of my grandmothers (terrible) cooking. I think Craftsteak is a poor value for your buck, therefore I'll give it 3/5 - A-OK.
4	No Colicchio siting, but still a good experience. Bison, bison, bison.  I am a big fan, and was not at all disappointed here.Good salads, although the goat cheese option truly is just that, one lovely warm baseball sized portion of goat cheese.  Thanks to my pals, I was able to make a salad out of a few bites from their plates, and was a happy camper.Range of sides, mostly carboliscious goodness of potatoes and the like.  We ordered some of the others that the south beach types like me in the group could enjoy -- they were fine, but nothing outstanding (asparagus, brussel sprouts, mushrooms), but a tad too much oil.  Of - the monkey bread smelled like garlicky goodness, but I can only report my dining companions seems to enjoy. The short ribs were another good entree standout.  Steaks I think were fine, but not as much to write home about as one would think from a steak house.  The butterscotch dessert (one bite!) was lovely - blend of salty/sweetness.Don't bother buying the photos -- as Jen L noted -- they are blurry!
4	Really enjoyed my meal at Craftsteak and the service was excellent.  Wasn't the best steak I've had but certainly a very good one.  The bone in rib eye ordered medium rare came out properly cooked and was very flavorful.  The gf had the filet medium which was also very good.  Had the surf and turf with the diver scallops which was the best scallops I've ever had.  Great recommendation by the waiter.  I also enjoyed the risotto with the wild mushrooms.  The salad was a little bland but it's only a small part of the meal.  The mojito was nice and so was the glass of pinot noir.  The only downside to Craftsteak is the price which I understand due to it's location on the strip.  Seems almost every high end steakhouse on the strip is a minimum of $50 with inflated prices on appetizers and sides.  $50 gets you a 16oz bone in rib eye and $64 gets u a surf and turf with three scallops to go along with the 8 oz filet.  I certainly would visit Craftsteak again but I also agree with many reviewers about the lack of value for your buck especially in a city with so many alternatives.
4	I went here a couple of weeks ago for a friend's bday. The venue is fairly large so it can definitely accommodate a large party. (We had like 12 people and it was no problem) What I ate: Lobster bisque, kobe skirt steak, spinach side dish & cinnamon monkey bread. (FYI - I shared all of this with someone and was really full by the end of the meal. I had friends that ordered their own entrees etc and couldn't finish their food.) Now if you're into bisque, it's a really good soup. Not too heavy on the cream like some other soups can be. I'm not really into cream soups though so I thought it was good but not amazing. One good thing was it did have large chunks of lobster at the bottom. (I guess for an $18 soup, it better!) The kobe skirt steak was really good. I thought the meat was cooked perfectly and very flavorful. I was really happy with my choice on that one. The spinach as the side dish though was only ok. I didn't think it had that much flavor. I felt like the literally took spinach, boiled it and served with maybe a pinch of salt. Would of been nice if they did something a little extra with it but it served it's purpose (i.e. get my serving of veggies in so I don't feel guilty about eating a huge steak) The cinnamon monkey bread... OMG I don't even know where to begin. It was divine! I am still dreaming about that dessert. It looks like a donut and it's just dripping with sauce and when u put it in your mouth, it's so soft and it practically melts. The ice cream they served with it was equally good and together, it was heaven. Definitely worth getting. (on a side note, all their desserts looked really good and I wish I had room to order more.) Everything else, service, ambiance etc. were all good. Basically what I expected at such this type of restaurant. They were also very cool because they let us split credit cards. We had like 8 of them and they didn't have an issue with doing that. (I know some restaurants don't allow you to do it) Overall I was very pleased with my experience at this restaurant and would come back.
4	I sat at the Craftsteak bar on an early Friday night with my girlfriend. We were served by veteran bartender, Alex, who made the most scrumptious and intoxicating Raspberry Martini's. Along with pleasant conversation the seemingly crowded bar was very friendly. We made friends with the couple next to us and the solo dude on the other side of us. The mini rolls were yummalicious as well as the Braised short ribs (cooked 24 hours and like butta)  and potato puree. Finished the evening with an outstanding Monkey Bread and banana ice cream dessert. Soooo, not expecting the wonderful vibe, atmosphere and delicious food but it was all there. Thanks again Alex!
3	My three stars is price dependant, just a heads up but even if the bill was halved it wouldnt break 4 stars.  I wanted to check Colicchio's place out being a huge fan of Top Chef.  I wont lie I had my expectations set high.The place was packed when a buddy and I got there.  No worries, its great people watching and the bar had everyhing I could possibly want.  When we were seated, what I noticed is I was glad I was here with a buddy and not a gal, it felt like a cafeteria.  I think it was the size of the place and how open it was, just an observation. The service was very good, attentive but not fussy.  The bread really is as good as everyone says, the little sea salt on top made it.  Now the main course, we had the mushrooms, asparagus and gratin potatoes.  The potatos were good but when arent potatos gratin good, I was expecting great.  The others were blah, it took me awhile to remember what we had thats how ehh they were.  Now my biggest dissapointment.  I got the domestic wagyu ribeye medium rare, my buddy got the ribeye medium rare.   Side by side comparison.  Mine was a little overcooked and I was unwilling to wait for them to get it right.  We were in agreement, his was better and half the cost. Dessert the apple pie/turnover/ whatever al a mode was awesome the high light of my meal.  So a decent meal but nothing outstanding and certainly not for the four bills with tip, two of us dropped to eat there.
5	Delicioso!Great service and even better food! I went here for my birthday with me lady.  I've never had kobe beef before, but thought I should splurge at a place like this.  Neither one of us were disappointed.This place is a carnivores wet dream!
5	Wow, the food here was great.  The service was great.  The prices... well they are a little high, but worth the price.  Recommended.
5	I wish I had two more hands so I could give them 4 thumbs up! I would suggest the filet mignon and the lobster. My husband and our family ordered the somewhat fixed menu. They brought us four different appetizers. The mozzarela, roasted red peppers and watercrest and cucumber salad was amazing. The mains came with several different sides. The cauliflour was perfect and potatos amazing. The monkey bread was something else! There was also an orange and basil sorbet which was extremely refreshing. We will be back!
2	When spending over $200 for a dinner I expect it to be fabulous.  This dinner was "OK".  The steak was luke warm, the tuscan kale so salty I couldn't eat it and the scalloped potatoes bland.  Very disappointing and I will not return with all the steak places to choose from in this town. If you are going to tout yourself as being great then you should be great for each and every customer all the time.
4	This place was good but the service was sooooo slow. It took forever for my wagyu and I was running late for a show. When it came out it was a little too rare for my taste and I sent it back asking them to nuke it for 30 seconds. Lol they said they do not have microwaves that that restaurant! Make sure you have enough time to eat here. They do not want to be rushed
1	HORRIBLE PLACE!!!! got the filet mignon and lobster tail! the lobster tail was HORRIBLE it tasted like rubber way over cooked and too much sauce which gave a horrible nauseous feeling!!the filet mignon was already had better at cheesecake factory.The roasted chicken was over cooked and disgusting.they messed up on the french fries that we had ordered on the side.... it was burnt!!!!!!!!!the service was horrible.... we saw a waitress maybe once or twice... throughout the night before we were given the check. She never once came by to check on us and the food!!!!!our main server was the bus boy who got everything and was friendly enough to check on us... unlike the waitress.we did make reservations and ended up being seated 30 min later as well..5 star restaurant? I THINK NOT!THINK AGAIN BEFORE COMING HERE.our bill came out to 225.for over cooked food...
1	My boyfriend, two of our friends, and I went to Craftsteak for Valentines Day 2010 and it was the worst service I have ever experienced! Our combined bill was over $400 and although the food was delicious it took 25 minutes to receive our drinks and about 40 minutes to finally place our order. So you might be thinking geez give them a break it was Valentines Day, but the restaurant was not even close to being full. Our waiter always seemed to disappear and leave us with empty water glasses and mixed drinks. Very disappointed. Next time I will stick to Shibuya that is next store.
5	Ok let's be honest, this place is not cheap but worth every cent! This was the best meal I ever ate!! The steak was so tender and the oysters were the only ones I would ever eat! The staff was great! And martiniis were perfect! I recomend the surf and turf!:)
5	I wish this place was in Chicago....because I am just not that big of a meat eater, but if I am in the mood I would go here!  All of the meat is super aged and delicious, and the sides might even be better.  They have sauteed corn side that is so lubed up with caramelized butter that you just wanna scream.
5	I checked this place out last night and I am still thinking about my incredible meal.I was seated at a great table in the lounge area where I can check out all the babes walking in and watch ESPN at the same time.  The ambience in this place just screams sexy.........as I sat in my comfy sofa seat.I ordered the lobster bisque, rib-eye steak and sides of spinach and fries.The bisque and super tasty warm buttery roll melted in my mouth.After eating the bisque and rolls, I could of left fully satisfied.....The rib-eye steak was fuckingoutstanding...............perfect......without the need for any seasoning..........The sides were good, but the steak, bisque and rollswill keep me coming back.........!!!!The host and mgr came by to ask me about my meal.......I was so hot.........after eating that I could of f.......ed them both.It was that good!
4	My husband and I went to Craftsteak on a Wednesday night.  The restaurant was full, so we were glad we made reservations.  We were seated promptly at 8:00, and the service was great.  It was helpful without being overbearing.My husband ordered the grilled ribeye, and it was great.  A bit undercooked, but the flavor was awesome.  I ordered a small portion of the scallops, and they were flavorful.  The creamed potatoes and balsamic onions were very tasty without being too rich.I have to give credit to all the Yelpers because the BEST part of the meal was the monkey bread dessert with banana ice cream.  We usually don't get dessert, but I am still dreaming of it!
5	As a fan of Top Chef I was very excited to celebrate my birthday at Tom Colicchio's restaurant. The hostess was incredibly friendly and slyly inquired as to the nature of my business in Vegas. Every waitstaff person we passed on the way to the table was friendly and welcoming.  Craftsteak assigns two waiters to each table so that your every need and eyebrow raise is attended to. Our first waiter recommended the yummiest drink that was not on the menu - the "Chocolata" Martini. My boyfriend ordered the Kobe Steak ($105) while I ordered the Salmon ($36) to balance the budget. That steak was the most delicious thing I had ever tasted.The salmon was excellent as well. The sides were served in copper dishes and were just mouth watering.  (Mushroom Risotto & Gold Yukon Puree). At the end of dinner Waiter #2 brought me a tray of small goodies with Happy Birthday scripted in Chocolate. Although we spent a pretty penny on dinner, the ambience and the service were unparalled!-N
4	Solid food all around.  Good wine. Good steaks, Good sides.  Not much more to say except that you should definitely try the Brussel sprouts, which are cooked with bacon, as one of your sides.  Yes Brussel Sprouts.  You will not be disappointed.
5	For a girls' weekend in Vegas, we thought we'd splurge one night and treat ourselves to a fantastic dinner. Boy oh boy did craftsteak deliver! From the moment the hostess greeted us until we left, service was top notch. We started with amazing cocktails and nibbled on the most tender dinner rolls that had just the perfect amount of salt on top. However, I knew better than to stuff myself with bread - a fine assortment of delicacies awaited us.  We had a wide variety of appetizers including: baby artichokes, buffalo mozzarella, Caesar salad (even the anchovies were deelish), grilled quail, frisee salad with bacon and Gorgonzola, the charcuterie sampler and last but most definitely not least, the Wagyu beef tartare. My taste buds swooned with each bite. Was it possible that each item got better and better? How would I make it through the meal? I'd have to say that the charcuterie sampler (served with some of the most amazing mustards I have ever had, including one made with red currants) and the Wagyu beef tartare were simply divine. Whew - I have to take a breather, I'm salivating just thinking about this meal again. For our main entrees we ordered skirt steak (well done) and the filet mignon and scallop surf and turf (rare.) Allow me to preface this by saying that I like my meat very very rare - I like to hear a faint moo as I chew. But since we were sharing the dish we compromised on the how well-done the steaks would be. Oh my! The skirt steak was amazing. It had a slightly crunchy and salty outer layer and was so tender and flavorful inside. The scallops were ginormous and were sweet and tender and tasted just like a scallop should. They were not smothered in a sauce nor were they overly seasoned. The filet mignon was heaven. I had forgotten what real beef tasted like. It melted in my mouth. It was perfect. For our sides we thoroughly enjoyed: sauteed broccoli, Yukon gold puree, chanterelles and mushroom risotto. The broccoli was cooked perfectly, it had a nice bite. I am constantly amazed at how many restaurants cannot prepare the simplest foods. The Yukon gold puree was like velvet. The chanterelles bursted with flavor and last but definitely not least the mushroom risotto. What a symphony! The risotto was spectacular. It was topped with an assortment of sauteed mushrooms that had a slightly crispy texture which played nicely with the creaminess of the risotto. Each grain was cooked to perfection - no gumminess or uncooked surprises.Food this flavorful does not need elaborate preparation. The freshness and quality of the food was apparent. The chefs clearly demand quality from their farmers and ranchers. I was pleased to learn that the majority of the food was grown in California, which isn't exactly local, but c'mon, Vegas is the desert, not going to expect a whole lot of truly local produce.Oh wait, I almost forgot, dessert. Most steakhouses tend to fall short on their dessert offerings; however, this was not the case with craftsteak. We ravished the cinnamon sugar doughnut holes that were served with an orgasmic Meyer lemon mousse and huckleberry preserve. The sorbets and ice creams (pear, bittersweet chocolate, vanilla bean, espresso and cherry and chocolate flake) were bursting with flavor and weren't overly sweet. The dark chocolate lava cake had a lot of rich cocoa without being too heavy. Perhaps the best part were the cookies. Crispy pecan praline cookies were served with a decadent butterscotch mousse. We broke the cookies and dipped them into the mousse. Bliss.This was truly one of the best meals I have ever had - a night that I (and my taste buds) will remember always.
5	I like beef. Bloody, tender, flavorful beef. On a random Sunday night in Vegas my lovely lady friend and I headed to Craftsteak and took a seat at the bar while we waited for our table to be ready. We were early and they were busy, which meant we would entertain ourselves with some adult beverages. I'm allergic to most hard liquor, but I can drink Ciroc. The bartender was happy to cater to my allergy and discerning taste by whipping up a martini that was strong and slightly sweet. He delivered with a tasty beverage with just the right amount of peach juice and vodka. Once we were seated the service was fantastic, quick (but not too quick) and attentive. We asked our server how to properly stuff our faces with just the right beef selection that would cater to our needs. I ordered the "surf and turf" while my friend got the skirt steak. We started off with fried goat cheese, and ordered some garlic mashies on the side.My 6oz petite filet was cooked perfectly medium-rare. My lobster was juicy. The skirt steak was cooked a little longer to my friends preference, and the meat juice that filled the bottom of her skillet was HEAVENLY. Once we ate every single bit of our steaks, we happily dipped our spoonfulls of mashed potatoes in said meat juice. I'm still dreaming about that combo.Screw the whole "Top Chef" reference. Go for the beef, mashies, and meat juice!Pricing was very reasonable. For two entrees, one side, one app, and 3 adult beverages we spent around $250. For once I felt like I was paying for the food and not the ambiance, though the low lights and romantical feeling of the place was great. I'd take my husband back anytime, but only if he promises to share.
2	I had such high hopes for this place, and it was NOT worth the money.We were there for a business dinner and we were a little embarrased we took our clients there.  First of all the warm frisee salad I got was heavy, heavy on the blue cheese.  I love blue cheese but it was a little too much even for me and boring.  The other people's salads looked like just a lot of quantity and not a lot of quality.  Pretty boring.  I ordered the filet mignon and it was DRY.  The sauce on it was a little strange too with a star anise type flavor to it.  Another person ordered the T-bone, same thing.  Very dry.  We were so looking for a tasty juicy steak.  Lastly the service was meh.  There seemed to be a slight attitude and I didn't feel very welcome.  Overall, among all the steak houses I've been to, this place was a huge disappointment.  I would not go back there for the steak.  With all the competition in Vegas, this place was all hype and no quality.
5	One of the best meals I've ever had!  My friend recommended Craftsteak and I'm so glad that I listen to him.  I ordered the "surf and turf" and the price turned out to be reasonable.  The filet mignon was heaven and all the side dishes were excellent.  The meat was really juicy and tasty.  The service was impeccable and I loved the modern/grand ambiance.
2	This sneaky little establishment might be good for some, but I have nothing good to say about it.  I had the Free Range Chicken and I suppose by keeping the bones in it they are able to give the "organic" feel, but I feel, if I'm spending that much for chicken, that the bones should be removed before I eat it to prevent having to remove them from my mouth after I've taken a bite.  And my boyfriend had the Italian Buffalo Mozzarella which consisted of three small meatballs for almost 20 dollars.  The place was a rip off as far as I'm concerned.  Oh and I can't forget to mention the lovely lady walking around with her camera offering to take pictures of our party, which I thought was nice, until she charged us $75 dollars a picture!  Vegas can be on the expensive side, but this was just outrageous.
3	We decided to visit this place for a friend's birthday last weekend.  The dim lights make everyone look years younger which could be a positive experience... The food was ok.  I would rate this place 3.5 stars if it was an option...Based on the recommendations of our sever, I ordered Lobster Bisque to start, Braised short ribs for the main, mushroom risotto, and asparagus for the sides.  The lobster bisque was delicious with tons of flavor.   Braised short ribs was extremely tender which compensated for the salty lackluster flavor.  Mushroom risotto and asparagus were pretty good.  I believe I enjoyed the sides more than the main course.  The food took about 45 minutes to come to our table.  Assistant Servers were extremely attentive coming around with water whenever a glass was half full.  Servers and Managers were friendly; however, the whole dining experience for a party of seven took almost three hours.  (Seated by 8:45, Got our check at 11:30)  If you are trying to get into a club... this may be a problem...  I was a little frustrated that our check took 50 minutes to get to our table, after asking for it.  It definitely was pretty busy friday night, but 50 minutes?  When I spend 100 dollars for a meal, I go for the experience.  This near three hour experience was frustrating for our whole group.  Everyone was frustrated and wanted to move on to our next agenda.  If you plan on going to this place, I am hoping that your dining experience does not end up like ours.  If you are willing to spend around $100 per head for food that is ok, then you may want to give this place a try.  I do not plan on going back...
5	One of the best meals of my life.Located in the MGM Grand, this is an incredible place but certainly not cheap. If you think paying $50 for a piece of meat is insane, this is not the place for you.First they bring out some bread that was made in heaven. When just the bread made me weep tears of joy, I knew I was in for a great culinary experience. For starters I got a persian cucumber salad and my friend got the lobster bisque. Fresh. Incredible. Then we both got the filet mignon, cooked exactly as ordered and melted in my mouth. Also got deep friend zucchini blossoms which were like no zucchini I've ever had before. Music in my mouth. Lastly I chose pink lemon sorbet for dessert and it was tart and refreshing perfection. They have a HUGE wine selection here and I had a sonoma syrah while my friend had a couple of apple martinis. Our service was impeccable. I really don't have the superlatives to describe what an all-around perfect experience I had here. I am a bit frugal but here I had no qualms about spending every penny I paid.As an aside, there was an actual made-for-tv moment when someone tried to swallow too much meat and the heimlich had to be performed. The staff handled this quickly and effectively without much drama. Kudos to them for saving this man and doing so in a manner that was surprisingly of minimal disturbance to the customers dining there.
5	Seriously, one of the best meals of my life.  I agree 100% with my fellow YELPERS on this one. My favorite go-to steakhouse was Ruth's Chris Steak House until I discovered Craftsteak. I've been to craft in Century City, CA before but the steak was just at par. Definitely an asset the MGM Grand and a restaurant I will be looking forward to dining at again when I am in Vegas.MENU:roasted 8 oz. flat iron angus + grilled 16 oz. ribeye + side of roasted asparagus and butternut squash and 2 glasses of winePRICE:~$60/personfresh's 2 CENTS:if you're in vegas and you want to treat yourself to a delicious meal that will satisfy you (guaranteed) - head over to MGM Grand and walk straight to Craftsteak. make sure you go hungry because there will be plenty to eat and it will be so tasty you'll want to make space in that tummy of yours to fit everything!click here for my review with pictures:http://snipbits.wordpress.com/2010/01/06/craftsteak-las-vegas-nv/
4	Ahhh... finally I get to try Tom Colicchio's restaurant after seeing/hearing about it on multiple episodes of Top Chef!! It was a Thursday night, no reservations, and we were seated right away. The area we were seated was a rather bit odd. I think we were actually seated in the bar's lounge area. I didn't really mind but it definitely was not the general dining area.Anyway, straight to business - my SO and I started with the charcuterie platter ($24). It came with a snazzy dish of different mustards which I didn't really care for. The charcuterie platter came with your typical salumi, soppressata (sp?), headcheese, etc. It was nothing to write home about; although the soft pretzels that accompanied it was very nice. For our main, we both had the dry-aged NY strip steak ($48) with cauliflower ($9) and French fries ($13). The steaks were cooked the way we requested and the side dishes were generous portions. For dessert, I decided to be adventurous and order the maple bacon ice cream. It was kind of icky. If someone had told me it was butter pecan, I would've thought it was a very "buttery" butter pecan flavor. However, I knew it was bacon AND there were bacon bits in it so I couldn't really wrap my head around it.All in all, a good experience but definitely came with a hefty price tag (wine included). If anything, I just wanted to check it off my list and say that I've been!
5	Holy Yum!!! This was one of my favorite meals ever to date. Who knew a steakhouse could be this amazing. We started out with a bump...we had reservationsf or two for months, and when we were seated we were put at a bar table. As the place filled up and we made our dinner order it got really annoying there. We had to flag down a manager and ask why we weren't given a dining room table. She moved us, apologized and was great about it. Even with this, I was blown away by my dinner.We did the chef's wagyu menu and started out with cucumber and watcress salad, a salad with bacon, blue cheese and frisee, the pacific prawns and the beef tartare. I knew as soon as I tried these four apps served family style I was in love! The entree was a filet and a ribeye steak, and rocked my world. I never truly believed that paying that much for a choice cut of steak was worth it until then. A little mushrooms sampler bowl, mashed taters and asparagus were served. That all sounds really basic, but everything they touched tasted like heaven.We were stuffed already, but couldn't resist all the dessert choices: cinnamon monkey bread was out of the world (and i don't really love cinnamon desserts), a chocolate ganache cake, some sorbets.Our wine choice was great, and our server helped steer us toward a better, and only teeny bit pricier bottle.Yes, the bill was 450 after tip, and that is crazy, but this food is crazy good!
5	A-5 kobe beef plain and simple... with the best service and wait staff
4	This was delicious!! The wait staff was on point, always courteous and attentive. Ambiance was beautiful and relaxing. Music was a little loud, but fun. Also be careful to check the bill. It is understandably expensive, and worth every penny... but they did overcharge us by $60. Make sure to add it up!
4	Craftsteak came highly recommended to me by several personal friends and co-workers.  Let me start with my only real criticisms.  The main dishes are all served in these small cast iron deep-sided dishes that rest on top of a normal plate.  Although this is probably done to ensure the food remains warm throughout the meal, it made it very difficult and kind of annoying to have to deal with eating your steak and sides out of a huge bowl (basically).  It was hard to cut the meat and even harder to try to grab some of the sides I placed in the plate (maybe you are supposed to use the plate underneath as your eating dish?? who knows, no one else was).  Second, my girlfriend and I both ordered steaks, and they were served to us pre-sliced.  wtf? I'm pretty sure that's a cardinal sin in the world of steak.  It causes the meat to loose all its juices into the plate before you're even served.  Third, we had to ask the server for the salt and pepper.  A little pretentious but no big deal.  Fourth, this is a fantastic restaurant, but not a true steakhouse (see below).  Lastly, not all the steaks are prime, and at $40+ per steak, I find that hard to swallow (yes!!! pun intended).  The food was overall exceptional.  Appetizers.  We started with the fresh buffalo mozzarella, which was served with a drizzle of oil and I'm pretty a house balsamic vinagraitte, that had a little more texture than you're regular balsamic.  The mozarella was accompanied by a sort of tomato relish and crumbled cashews (I think), and was absolutely delicious. Lots of flavor and texture, would definitely order again.  Bread.  I know, who does a review for the bread???  Well, in my worthless opinion, any staple of a good steakhouse is their bread/rolls.  Craftsteak did not disappoint.  We were served a small cast-iron pan containing 6 homemade parkerhouse rolls, seasoned with a little butter and sea salt.  It's almost worth skipping the appetizers and chowing down on some bread while waiting for the steaks.  Entrees.  Had to order steaks.  I ordered the hangar steak, medium-rare, and it was perfectly cooked.  I can't recall the last time I saw a hangar steak available on any steakhouse menu, and it was fantastic.  The cut of meet itself has plenty of texture without being overly difficult to chew, lots of flavor, very close in flavor to a ribeye, yet it looks like it was physically ripped from the cow  and placed in your plate, not a pretty cut, very masculine and satisfying to my caveman ego.  My girlfriend ordered the flat-iron steak, and it was also exceptional.  I think they marinated the flat-iron, but whatever they did it was phenomenal.  It almost tasted like some light soy sauce-based marinade.  Who knows, I could be wrong, but they definitely churched it up.  Sides.  We ordered the yukon gold puree, and it was awesome, would go great with any steak on the menu.  We also ordered the sauteed baby spinach, and it was, well, spinach, nothing special here.  Wine.  Phenomenal wine selection.  And by that I mean large (2300 choices, according to the menu), but seeing as how I wasn't going to spend $100 on a bottle, it was dissapointing to see that they only had about a dozen or so wine-by-the-glass selections (approx. 12 red and 12 white).  Dessert.  We shared the cinammon monkey bread, it was served with banana ice cream and crumbled walnuts, and it was freaking delicious.  Service.  We had some great service, absolutely no complaints in this department.  Seating.  The seating was a little odd.  We sat toward the front of the restaurant, on a couch with two small tables pulled up to it.  My girlfriend and I were on one end, and another party of two was on the other end.  It was a very loud location, with a lot of activity (we were basically sitting within a midget's throw of the bar).  They open these doors that essentially pour out into the busy and loud MGM corridor of shops and restaurants.  I would suggest asking for a table toward the back of the restaurant if you want a more intimate dining experience.  Price.  $200 for two ($230 if you include the cocktails).  I am all for paying top dollar for a great meal, but I felt that a few things were lacking quality wise and didn't justify the hefty price tag.  Primarily, I was really disappointed that the steaks weren't all prime-aged meats.  I don't think you can call yourself a steakhouse unless you have prime beef.  In Sum.  This was a very good meal.  The appetizer, steaks, puree, and dessert really blew out socks off, and made for a memorable meal.  However, a few things need to be discussed.  First, the lack of prime meats was sorely missed, and I don't think anything less than prime is worth $40+ per person.  Second, the steaks were delicious, but imagine how good they COULD be had they not been cut into pieces before getting to our plates??  Lastly, this is a terrific restaurant, but not a true steakhouse.
5	Went for a friend's birthday recently and the food was delicious.I had for starters:Prosciutto San Daniele, Italian Buffalo Mozzarella, and some of my friend's Lobster Bisque. All three were great. For dinner, I had Bison with Roasted Garlic and Leek Gratin. The Bison was the best part, cooked perfectly for my own desires. The Leek Gratin, perhaps my least favorite of all, was ok.  All in all a great meal. Victor, our server, was fabulous. Lastly, they brought out dessert and my friend's had "Sexy Chick" signed on it in reference to her favorite David Guetta song. A nice touch. Overall a great experience, we all enjoyed our meal and Victor's service. Highly recommended if you are in Vegas.
4	me + slabs of beefy goodness = pure love.i'm obsessed with top chef.  really.  i mean, it's one of the only reasons i would ever want to be like, a b list celebrity, so they would ask me to guest judge on that show.  so of course in my mere 30 hour run in vegas, i had to try this place out.  just my little peeve: no meat under 16 oz.  i mean, most of the time i would be excited by this fact, but i only had 30 hours in vegas and wanted to sample a bit of everything... and after 16 oz, there will not be dessert happening.  so yes.  16 oz of a fabulously cooked bone in rib eye, seasoned well, cooked to perfection.  my snap pea sides were perfectly crunchy.  did i mention the bread?  happy, warm, sea salted bread.  mmm....then my bill came, and as much as i had enjoyed my meal, i'm not so sure if it were 5-star enjoyable for the price point.  i mean, maybe if i were a vegas high roller, or eating out on somebody else's money, i would have felt better.nevertheless, i dined and enjoyed.  but this will probably be a one time thing...unless if i win the lottery (or marry some old dying rich man).
5	Great food!  Great service!  A little pricey!  Good Ambiance!
4	We had just finished watching Ka and we were starving so we decided to eat at the first place we seen. The food was great but the service was okay. I just felt like we kept getting blown off by our server but luckily the food made up for her bad attitude or I would be giving this place 2 stars. We started with an order of lobster bisque, I had the scallops, my boyfriend had the fillet Mignon and lobster and our side was the golden yukon potato puree. Like I said, if it wasn't for the food I would be giving this place a couple less stars. Everything we had was delicious and I was really surprised how great the potato puree was, we were eating more of that then our main dishes.I wanted to let them know it was his birthday but it was a little too late by the end of our meal, we were way too full and my boyfriend was already really upset with the server so I said forget it!Overall, we still did enjoy our dinner but hopefully next time we get a different server or her attitude is changed by then.
1	After watching Top Chef and having already been to Michael Voltaggio's stellar restaurant (The Dining Room), my wife and I had been looking forward to trying Tom Colicchio's "Craftsteak" for several months. So, the first thing we did when arriving at Vegas was make reservations.I'll mention a few things: My wife and I are both under 30 and we were a party of two. I've always felt that if you really want to know how good a restaurant truly is, you visit as a party of two. Any restaurant in the world will bend over backwards to make a big party happy (servers know that more people = bigger tips), but when a restaurant treats a couple well, you know that they have class. Sad to say, this was the most classless fine dining experience that we've ever had. We would have complained to the manager had they been anywhere to be found... alas, Yelp.com gets the supreme pleasure of hearing the brutal truth :) Have fun with this guys/gals!First: for $110 a person, you can eat like a king in Vegas. The food here was edible, but so is the food at any $30 buffet in town. You come to a place like this for top notch service and mind-blowing food - Craftsteak failed at both.Service: 1/5As many yelpers have suggested, the service here is almost non-existent until you are filling out the tip line on the check, when it becomes patronizing. We waited nearly 20 minutes before one of our four servers even bothered to ask us if we wanted to get drinks - and another 20 minutes before they asked if we wanted to order. With four servers you'd think that a party of two would be able to place a drink and food order within a half hour.Now, before you think that this was intentional politeness on their part (nobody likes to be urged to order right away at a nice restaurant), this wasn't that - this was them being nearly oblivious to the fact that we were in the restaurant in the first place; Which is odd, because we made reservations and were seated front and center in the middle of the dining room. Still optimistic, we asked for an explanation about how the restaurant preferred to serve it's guests - but instead of being offered a clear explanation of the menu, the waiter rambled off a nearly incoherent sentence or two about how we should really just order from the chef's tasting menu. Ok, thanks for nothing - we are at Craftsteak, we KNOW that we're here for the chef's tasting menu! We came to spend!20 more minutes passed before the next of our waiters arrived. He, again, advised us on the chef's tasting menu. We urged him to explain the tasting menu and finally we got an explanation - which would have been great except that he got his numbers completely mixed up. He explained that each guest receives 2 salad tastings, 2 meat tastings, and 2 side tastings. Our math said that meant 6 different tastings per person - 12 total - another Yelper mentioned 16 plates of food per couple, so that sounded about right. We waited another 15 before anyone came back to take our order...The third waiter shows up like the friggin' hero of the day. We proceed to place our order, he informs us that we have everything wrong - you only get 1 of each tasting selection... which is kinda funny - because it defeats the purpose of the "tasting" menu if you are just going to serve massive family size portions of a few things, but whatever. We ordered the tasting menus (the wagyu beef versions, which were $130/person).About 30 seconds pass before we did a little math and realized that we were actually paying quite a bit MORE for the tasting menu than if we had just ordered ala carte for the items that we wanted to try thanks to our fellow Yelpers (Bisque, Quail, Yukon Puree, Filet, etc.).Throughout the meal, servers rarely came to the table to check on us. Service was tacky, although they were so pretentious that someone might confuse it for them being "fancy". Cmon yelpers - it's not "fancy" to leave cold, uneaten bread on the table for the ENTIRE meal when you have the main course out. It's not "fancy" to leave the clean, empty wine glasses on the table when we are on our second round of cocktails. Fine dining establishments are careful to manicure the eating process, this felt like I was at TGIF Fridays. Servers bumbled around, breaking 2 wine glasses and hoping no one saw. We had dirty, finished plates of food in front of us for the majority of the meal. My drink sat empty for no less than 25 minutes. I could go on but Yelp limits me to 5000 letters ;) Food - 2/5:The Ribeye was tasty, but thin and covered in fat and gristle. The Filet was overcooked. The lobster bisque tasted like it was doused in fennel seeds. The quail, onions and yukons were good. The rest was mediocre at best. Again - it was edible, but for $110+ per person, my jaw should be in my lap. Worse, no ever checked on us despite $270 of food being on the table. Save your cash - or better - use it for a plane to LA and visit The Dining Room. We left disappointed.
5	The BEST steak I've ever had in my life. Take it I don't eat steak too regularly but I've had some pretty awesome steaks in my lifetime. We started with the Wagyu Kobe steak tartare and it was probably the most amazing appetizer ever. The steak melted in your mouth like butter. I shared an aged ribeye cooked rare with my buddy and was perfect - lightly charred on the outside, with just enough seasoning (no need for steak sauce) and super tender and moist on the inside. Another group at our table had the porter house and the filet mignon section was probably sent form heaven. At the end of our meal one of our buddies wanted a dessert not on the menu and our waitress had the pastries chef make it especially for us! Great service, great food, good atmostpehere. The only thing missing was a personal visit from Tom Colicchio himself. Job well done.
3	Went here on a Saturday night. They lost a star right from the start by messing up my reservation. After I was informed that I was early for my reservation(which I was not), the girl that I made the reservation with proceeded to tell me that it was my fault the reservation was mixed up, she did not offer an apology. Even if it is the customers fault, you should try to have good customer service. Had the shrimp cocktail as a starter, the shrimp were good, but they only served 5 so there was a rush for the last one. At $24 for the shrimp, I should have taken others advise and got the bisque. For main course had lobster and steak, and a 10oz fillet for the wife. My steak was a little bland, however my wife's steak was perfectly seasoned. Over all it was a decent meal, but not one that I must have again
5	Oh man the steak here is so damn good and thats saying something since I live in a city where there are more steakhouses than churches (totally kidding). My buddy and I decided to the the 32 oz ribeye for two. Usually this way more meat than I can handle (thats what she said...) but it was so good I know I could have finished it all by myself.  All of my friends thoroughly enjoyed their meal. You really can't go wrong with anything you order here.
3	I've eaten here at least twice now.  Once at the bar, and once at a table.  I will say at the bar you get better service.  Better in that they are faster, and more attentive.  At the table, it takes them a while to come back for your order, to get you bread, to even come back to ask how things are going.  As for the food quality.  The steaks are good, I've had the Hanger, the Skirt, the Rib-eye, and the waygu style ribeye.  All cooked well, not the temp, but well as in cooked decently.  But nothing memorable.  I can remember the first time I had a Ruth Chris steak with it's butter topping sizzling on it, it tasted great.  Or at Delmonico's where there was this superb crust on their ribeye that I can still taste and dream that all future steaks I eat will be like that.  As it stands, at over $100 a person, both times we've been there.  I've had better experiences at other steak houses for that price.Side note, the Craftsteak in Los Angeles was a better experience.
3	I have not been here yet, but we have reservations in July. Just wanted to let people know that if you are planning to go see Ka, you can call the show's box office and have them book a dinner package to Craftsteak. It's the cost of the show tickets plus $39 per person for the Chef's tasting menu. Considering the cheapest tasting menu is $110, that's a really good deal! We didn't see this advertised anywhere on the MGM website... the lady we got on the phone just happened to mention it after we bought our Ka tickets and we were like, heck yeah... add the dinner pkg! I'm hoping we don't get crappy service because we booked the dinner package for such a discount. Will update after I go!
5	EAT HERE.  Every year for my birthday I go to Vegas just so I can eat at CraftSteak.  Friends look at me like I'm crazy after dropping $100 - $160 for a steak.  Believe me, its worth it!I've been there 7 or 8 times over the past 5 years, and I have never been disappointed (except that I liked their old Beet Salad better than their new one.)The service is perfect.  The food is cooked to perfection.  Their wine list is great and their Sommelier is courteous and knowledgeable.  I recommend CraftSteak to everyone, and am looking forward to my next trip to  Vegas!
5	It's was my birthday weekend and my friends and I always select one top notch steakhouse for our annual trip.  At first glance, the Chef's tasting menu may seem overpriced but after we heard what it entailed? It was a no brainer.. with 8 guys, we all chose the tasting menu which allowed us the Wagyu Beef with every type of cut there was... served family style... the starters were dishes of prosicutto, ceasar salad, buffalo cheese, asparagus, and some other excellent appetizers...The main course was came out in sizzling metal trays... the steaks nice sliced up to be shared amongst the party. Ribeye, Filet, New York, Flank Strip...These steaks melted in your mouth.  Most of us voted the Ribeye as the best and most flavorful cut of beef that night.  So if you really have to choose? Choose the ribeye!!! Lastly, we wrapped up with a slew of dessert to meet anyone's palette.  from Cucumber ice cream, Cheesecakes, to the unforgettable Monkey Bread.  Everything was so fresh.This IS the BEST meal I've ever had to date... It was an immediate 5 stars ... I'm a big time foodie and i'm saying this is the best meal ever!
4	Unbelievable quality-excellent service.  Try the 'Chef's Selection' Wagyu assortment or the Wagyu ribeye...hands down the best steak I've ever eaten.One drawback:  very uncomfortable chairs.  I think they don't want people hanging around too long.Overall, it was one of the finest meals I've ever eaten.
4	Had the tasting menu of the Australian Wagyu beef...the top of the line.  Amazing amount of food (apps, two steaks, desserts) even though it was pricey!  $255/per person!  Next time I will request a booth vs. the bench type seating where we were next to software sales people on convention behaving like frat boys!  Kinda ruined the ambience, but I will go back again!
5	As much as I hate to glorify expensive meals, I think Craftsteak deserves a lot of praise. Compared to other steakhouses in Vegas (e.g. SW, Cut) this place really does hold its ground! Yes, I did spend about $600 for two (W/O including alcohol) at the MGM Grand of all places, LOL. But let me tell you, Craftsteak is very special at any price. To start, there was just the two of us. We both ordered the 3 course 'A5' Japanese Wagyu and shared a side of potato puree, mushrooms, and asparagus. It was definitely A LOT of food! ... And I should mention that although we ordered separately, we decided to share and eat family style since we both want the rib-eye and the strip (more on this later.)---Appetizer+ Wagyu beef tartare+ Braised artichokes + Grilled quail    The artichokes and quail were okay. But the tartare was very good. It was topped with a raw quail egg and you get chips to eat it with. I've had tuna tartare and beef carpaccio before, but not beef tartare. It was definitely a treat.---Entree+ 'A5' Wagyu Ribeye+ 'A5' Wagyu Strip AMAZING on every level. By virtue of it being genuine kobe beef, I would say that 75% of the work was already done for them. But considering the delicate nature of this meat, I think the chefs did a masterful job in their preparation. The meat was cooked to perfection and I love how they use rosemary on their skillet presentation. Quite honestly, it was very difficult to differentiate between the ribeye and the strip because both were extremely, EXTREMELY rich in texture, taste, and.. oh soo tender. They were also very generous with their cuts. I never really checked how much we were supposed to get, but I think both the ribeye and the strip was 10 oz ea.? Trust me, for kobe beef that's A LOT!! And on a separate note, maybe because we decided to share our meals, but the steaks were pre-cut for us. Sides+ Potato Puree+ Mushrooms+ AsparagusMushrooms and asparagus were okay. But the potato puree was REALLY good! I don't really know how to explain it.. it's like mashed potatoes in a miniature cast-iron kettle.. it's very delicate, tasty, and soft? ---Dessert+ I don't really care too much for dessert, but we got 2 cakes and a sherbet. It was good. But I was already stuffed.. so I didn't take more than 2 small bites of each. + Their french pressed coffee was really good though. I should have asked what kind of beans they used..---Drinks+ We had a glass of wine that the server recommended.. it was good, but I have an untrained palette for wine, so I wouldn't know any better+ Their flavored martinis were good---Decor: Contemporary, warm, inviting.. without the over-the-top glitz and glamor associated with Vegas fine dining (e.g. Joel Robuchon.) And surprisingly casual?Service: Was excellent! Our server was really, REALLY good. But then again, I think we were one of the easier patrons to serve that night..Overall, I think Collichio did a marvelous job with this one. If you're looking for a fancy steak house, this is THE place to go in Vegas. I know there's a lot of options out there, and the location at the MGM is a little far from the center of the Strip, but I think it's worth it; especially if you're planning on watching KA or an event at the Grand Arena.
3	oh Tom Colicchio, you're my favorite judge on top chef - always wise, honest and eloquent. when i see you on tv i want to give you a hug and eat your food... but now that i've done the latter i no longer want to do the other!i must admit we had really high expectations for the food. the bread was awesome (prolly ate too much of it), split a lobster bisque which was yummy, but my husband's $100+ wagyu steak was totally meh, even my filet mignon was juicier! i guess having eaten kobe beef in japan we're a bit spoiled. you think "ok wagyu's gonna be alittle junker" but it's like they shouldn't even be related! to be honest i think my husband makes better steak at home. the $300 bill didn't help. sorry Tom, but how could you?p.s. i added 1 more star because of the excellent service, which was truly top notch.
4	PROS: This place had really good service. We were trying to catch a show (Ka) and had to kind of rush dinner and we made it on time so kudos to them for that.The steak was excellent. We had a bone-in rib-eye with a couple sides. I also had a nice red wine with the steak which paired up quite nicely.Cons: PRICEY
3	I really wanted to like this place more. But after being packed into the restaurant like sardines and ordering what can only be described as obscenely priced steaks, I had to reconsider.First off, this place is BUSY. I guess the famous name helps. But in all seriousness, I love my steaks. The thought of a juicy wagyu steak was like a foodgasm and the wait was worth it.We thought about doing the tasting menu, but for two people, that seemed like a ridiculous amount of food. After observing those around us who did partake, it indeed was the right decision. We settled on sharing the substantially sized wagyu ribeye ($105) and the kale/bacon side to accompany. The steak came to the table presliced medium rare with a reduction sauce on top to pair. Without question, the quality of meat was exceptional. It literally melts in your mouth. Chewing, while civilized, is not necessary. The flavor was... disappointing. Given previous experiences with wagyu and especially with the price tag associated, I expected a symphony of taste. Instead, it was a 3-piece orchestra. To be fair, it was a damn good 3-piece orchestra. When observing the cost-taste analysis, I think I would've rather had 2 regular ribeyes. That's really the reason for the 3 stars. Now if I were eating dinner on the company dime, 5 stars, no question. But alas, paying for the meal with my own hard earned money - the whole experience has to be taken into consideration.
4	I was here a few years ago and didn't even know it was tom colicchio's place.  At that time I left there thinking it was one of the best meals I have ever had.I was with a large party for a bday and to speed up dinner we all decided to do one of the dinner samplers that was offered.  It was about 110 per person I think for that option.  Everything that was served was perfect.  There must have been 2 apps, 3 to 5 side dishes and 3 different meat main courses.  Everything served was hot, juicy,  tender and flavorful.I'm only giving 4 stars because i went a while ago and Joe's has turned into my steak house of choice in vegas.  I do plan to go back and revise this review.If the quality has stayed the same you will see why tom colicchio is on TV.  He knows what he is doing.
2	We so wanted to love this place! It was our only big dinner out on our quick trip to Vegas. I had enjoyed a lunch at Craft in Century City a year ago, and we are big fans of Top Chef. Too bad the quality that Tom C. expects on that show has been left to wither at Craftsteak. It started with being seated next to a server station. Of course most everyone is since they put it right in the middle of each dining section. The back to the chair in which my dining partner was sitting was broken. It took standing up and physically trying a nearby empty chair to get any attention. It also took us some time before we realized that we were being served by a "team". Usually roles are clear when there are multiple servers. Here there was no head waiter, just two completely uncoordinated partners. One would ask if we wanted to be walked through the menu. We said, "no thanks." Then the other waiter swung by and launched into an in depth description without asking. When asked if I wanted to keep the wine list, I said, "yes, thank you." Then the other waiter came by and took it away without asking. More to the point, one of the two had no idea or ability to articulate what came with the shellfish sampler. It took asking three times to get to the fact that there was lobster, and another few questions to confirm that it was in a salad mixture of some sort. Icing on the cake: the busboy soaked us with his table rag while cleaning the table next to us. Gross. Bottom line: this is not service worthy of the reputation or the price tag. The food was a great big MEH. Here's the quick breakdown:Wagyu tartare - delicious, but not the best I've had. Prefer the traditional French bistro/brasserie preparation.Fried zucchini blossoms - terrible. Turned one of my favorite sides/apps into piles of greasy, deep fried breading. Blossoms practically unrecognizable. Ribeye - very tasty, well cooked, right on the money.Strip - fine, but not remarkable.Risotto w/peas and shrooms - delicious, perfectly al dente and creamy.Ramps & morels - ok, but uber salty.Snow peas - delicious! fresh and crispy.Au gratin - mediocreHad a Pinot Noir and a Cab by the glass. Both were overpriced, but good.First time I've left 15% gratuity in a long time. And I even backed out the tax before making my calculation. We'd say that we hoped you'd clean up your act, but it is quite clear that you've sacrificed quality to maximize cashing in on celebrity and notoriety with this clip joint.
5	Best steak ever (which is to be expected). But even more surprising was everything was delicious. We loved the tartare, the salads, and the desert, chocolate souffle, was to die for.  Worth every penny!We went in a group of 4 and ordered the taster's menu for 2 and added several sides and a steak and we ate family style.  It was the best meal I have ever eaten.
4	This place is a solid spot to come when in Vegas.  Yes, you can go to the buffet, but treat yourself to a real "high roller" dinner.  The beef tartare is the best I have ever had.  Yes, the BEST!  The risotto was perfect as well and even got an anti mushroom diner to chow down on some serious fungi.  Pass on the maui onion.  Save room for dessert, the butterscotch mousse will change your life.  Older crowd but very cozy inside.  Wear those heels ladies and be sure to have a drink here before ordering dinner...the bartender is very generous :)
5	Went here with a few buddies about a year ago.  I am a big fan of Craft NYC and love Tom's idea of great product prepared to highlight the natural flavors of the product.  If I had it my way, I would have ordered nothing but sides - especially the Maitaki mushrooms, fava beans, and roasted corn.  WOW!  I knew the steak would be great and I was not disappointed.
2	The problem with Las Vegas culture is that the level of service or friendliness you receive is probably based on one's perception of your "high roller"-ness. Unless you look like the type that sweats dollars out of your pores, you can probably expect a level of mediocre service in Vegas on par with the waiters at a Chinatown dive where you have to ask the waiter for water 5 times before you even get it. You don't pay $60+ an entree at a steakhouse on the mere fact that it tastes good (at least no self respecting person should). When you're eating at a fine steakhouse you're paying a premium for the experience and service as well. While this place appeared destined for success like we had an '11' at the blackjack table... we ended up hitting and drawing a 5. The service was horrible.In addition, the girlfriend and I both ordered the kobe beef filets. But how on earth did two identical menu items come out tasting so different. Mine tasted exactly how I liked it, savory, tender, with a touch of smokiness. My girlfriend's on the other hand tasted more like charred fat.Oh, Tom Colicchio, you would've failed Restaurant Wars on your own show.
5	Final Decision: My new favorite beef is WAYGUSo it has been the long awaited trip to Vegas to check out this spot since we explored one of the sister restaurants, Craft Los Angeles, last holiday season, and the food was tremendous there, the expectations were high the were met and destroyed it like Rambo part deux.  So we wanted to try one of their steaks and possibly two side items and a dessert, but we were enticed by the three course Waygu beef meal.  So you think it would be an appetizer salad and main dish with a side and a single dessert, well much like yourself, we thought wrong.  See the following.Service: superb...although the waiter combo we had a very heavy latin accent that we both had a hard time figuring out what they were describing on the menu.  But the winner was various selection of food to be coming with the 3 course meal.  Funny thing, one waiter had his glasses resting on the end of his nose and the girl wanted to flick it back up to his bridge. Decor: dim, roomy, wine racks line a false wall that look like little chutes and leather panels probably straight from the cow's back, talk about using the full cow. Food served:Appetizers:Buffalo Mozzarella - spicy and fresh, very nice start to a meal as there was a light olive oil and vinegrette surrounding the hefty slices of mozzarella and diced tomatoes.Avocado Salad - unique, as on one side had wedges of soft avocado, the other a tangy noodle-like veggie, lightly dressed and very refreshing, something we never thought of putting together.Romaine leaves - long uncut romaine leaved served caesar salad style topped with anchovies, yes anchovies, those things that go on pizza, i didn't touch them myself since i dislike them just as much as you do. Pacific Coast Prawns - probably one of the most finely prepared crustaceans I've had in a long while.  grilled and lightly seasoned with some salt, pepper, possibly some butter, some smokey spices and chives, they were finger licking good if that was even proper to do.  There was a cocktail sauce, which seemed moot, since the flavor of the prawns were delectable all by itself.Main Course:Rib eye & Filet - tender, juicy, flavorful, probably two of the most tasty pieces of steaks I've ever tasted.  I can truly understand why these pieces of meat are so sought after.  Lightly seasoned and cooked with a refine red wine herb sauce, a nice complement to the steak.Yukon Gold Puree - silky, smooth and not your prototypical mash, with each spoonful, its almost like taking a bite of a sour cream and onion potato chip.  Roasted Asparagus - nicely roasted and seasoned well. Soft and flavorful.  Can't mess this dish up.Assorted Mushrooms - baby shiitake, shimeji, and hen of the woods, all very tasty and grilled well on a small copper skillet.  I have to admit that the ones prepared at the Craft restaurant was more memorable and delicious in comparison to this spot. Dessert:Cinnamon Monkey Bread - basic cinnamon pullaway with pecan toffee ice cream, interesting dessert, but the ice cream was the winner on this plate, though it can be a little overwhelming in flavor.Chocolate Ganache Cake - cocoa nibs filled inside a choco cake, making it almost molten when cutting it open partnered up with some sweet whip cream. Season sorbet - lemon and strawberry sorbet with some fresh black berries, strawberries, black cherries.  A nice third option to have and very light and almost palate cleansing dish. The meal so delicious and definitely has changed my perspective on steaks.  I'm already dreaming about my next trip to this restaurant.
5	I loved it here! Here's what I would suggest though --- MGM Grand has this great VIP program called Prima. If you're willing and able to, you pre-pay $500 when you check in, and you can use that $500 towards food, drinks, etc., and you get pretty great discounts like 2 for 1 entrees, 2 for 1 drinks, etc.So...what my boyfriend and I did was splurge on the $100 wagyu steak, but it was 2 for 1 =) They did kind of over-cook one of the steaks, so they gave us two, free desserts which was cool. All in all, our meal was supposed to cost over $300, but we spent about $180-ish for two Wagyu steaks, 2 sides, and 2 glasses of wine.
5	I absolutly love this restaurant! It is by far our favorite here in Vegas. Quick blurb about us: we've lived in Las Vegas for 2 years and we're a couple in our late 20's. My boyfriend has been dining here for 4 years, and we have tried the crafsteak in Connecticut which is just as tasty!Now, back to the steak. This is our go to restaurant for celebrations and special treats. We have eaten here at least 7 times, and the food and service is always excellent. There was one experience where my boyfriends steak was overcooked which we politely informed the waiter of and he offered to remake the steak right away. We declined, but he still brought out a free (and sooo delicious dessert). While it is expensive, the food is well worth every penny. Sometimes we try other restaurants on the strip, just to mix it up, and we always regret not going to Craftsteak.The lobster bisque is to die for- but I will warn, it is filling and rich. When get the the bisque we often cannot finish our steaks, so we now split the bisque.My boyfriend usually gets the NY strip and I get the flat iron. They are not the most expensive, but they are wonderful EVERYTIME! For sides we always do the yukon gold puree and maui onions and we mix up our green veggie depening on whats in season.The service here is great. We have ALWAYS felt welcome and well taken care of. They dont miss a beat here. I have read other reviews that knock the service, but I have never had a less an exceptional experience with the food or service here at Craftsteak. We highly reccommend this restaurant to anyone who can splurge a little and loves great food. However, I will add that if you cannot spluge, check out the steak house at Circus Circus....I know, I know, you wouldnt think it'd be anything special, but I have heard from numerous locals that its a great price and great food! :)Happy Eating!
5	Please pack your knives and go...here!As critical as Tom Colicchio can be on Top Chef, it's hard to find anything to dislike about his restaurant. Unlike some Vegas restaurants, the atmosphere makes you feel as if you've truly escaped the casino madness and entered another world. The service is top notch and the food was outstanding. Their wine list is overwhelming, but if you look around you can find a decent bottle for under $100. For appetizers we ordered oysters (fantastic!), the yellowtail hamachi (very fresh, although the citrus did overpower the fish a bit), and the lobster bisque (absolutely perfect - we ordered one to share for the table and they brought it to us in four small cups - nice touch).I had the wagyu skirtsteak and it was by far the best skirtsteak I've ever eaten. The yukon potatoes were amazing and the fries were perfect.For dessert I highly recommend the monkeybread - it was amazing and the pecan/brown sugar ice cream was so refreshing. I'm a huge chocolate fan but this dish was far superior to the chocolate tart we ordered, which came with maple bacon ice cream (didn't care for it, and I love bacon!).Overall, one of the best meals I've had in a long time. Did I mention the bisque?Five stars - huge fan!
3	it's going to be hard to take Tom's criticism seriously on Top Chef after eating here. I mean, don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad but it was far from special or amazing in anyway. The service was decent, the food was good but nothing new was introduced to my palate and definitely nothing was worth writing home about.with so many places to eat in Vegas, i don't see myself going back to CraftSteak.
4	Yelp really needs a 1/2 star increment, because this place deserves 4.5 stars.I have to admit, I don't watch Top Chef, don't know who Tom Colicchio is other than lots of ppl made a fuss about him.  Still, I enjoyed my experience here...Atmosphere is accessible, and feels like a welcome respite from the ridiculousness occuring just outside its doors at the MGM Grand.  But you're not here for that reason...You're here for some oustanding steak.  Craftsteak is proud to explain the difference between Angus, Grade 7 Wagyu beef, and Grade 10 Wagyu beef.  Served simple, medium rare, and with little to get in the way of the flavor and texture of what may be the best steak I ever had (I did the grade 7 Wagyu - awesome).One more thing - dessert included a chocolate torte with bacon ice cream.  I'm an instant believer.Only knock on this place -- we went with the table-wide 3 course prix fixe.  Grade 7 Wagyu with lobster was $155/person (does not include drinks).  While it offered more options in appetizers, steak (we could sample across the NY Strip, filet, and ribeye), the portions were larger than they needed to be, and the quantity of dessert served was just plain obnoxious and felt a bit wasteful.Still, if you want an amazing steak experience, give Craftsteak a try!
5	This place is great for groups, because the food is served family style.  I came here with about 7 other girls for my bachelorette party and it was perfect.  Very dark and great decor.  We ordered 2 bottles of wine and lots of food. I remember the hangar steak and the caesar salad was soooo good.  And the chef made us a special dessert with all these different kinds of ice creams and toppings.  We actually ended up ordering more than we could even eat, and I think it came to about $50 a person, so not too pricey either.  I would highly recommend this place for a nice dinner with a group of 4 or more that enjoy simple, fresh food prepared well.
5	The kobe skirt steak + the roasted garlic and leek gratin commingling in my mouth = a scene similar to Katherine Heigl's restaurant scene in the movie "The Ugly Truth."  IT. WAS. ORGASMIC.  I go to Vegas quite often and will be stopping by Craftsteak during my multiple visits to get mine multiple times :)
3	Had a few friends visiting from out of town this weekend, so we decided to get together for dinner here.  The Better Half & I have been here once back in July 2007.  We didn't really care for it then, but decided to give it another shot.I ordered the Filet & she ordered the Salmon.  The table split a bunch of side dishes; Fries, Creamy Potatoes, Spinach, Mushroom & Peas Risotto, Asparagus, Potatoes Au Gratin.  My Filet was cooked to my liking, but it was underwhelming.  The flavor was good, but it was missing "something"....it didn't make me want more.  Wifey enjoyed her Salmon, but said it wasn't great.  The sides were underwhelming too....the Potatoes Au Gratin were very runny, the highlight was the Fries.I split a Buffalo Mozzarella Salad with a friend of mine for an Appetizer & it was too soft & runny for my tastes.The best part about dinner was the wine.  We had a Magnum of 2005 Faust Cabernet Sauvignon, which was excellent!  It had a nice bold flavor and had hints of Blackberry & a slight peppery taste to it.  It went well with the steak.Overall, the experience was underwhelming.  Certainly not worth the $355 for Wifey & I.  We've had much better dinners for much less.Will we return?  Unless someone else pays for it, probably not.
5	The wine pairing with our meal was perfect. The staff was friendly, professional, attentive and fast. Our meal was cooked perfectly, the steaks were tender and juicy. The apps had amazing flavors. Probably one of the best steakhouses I've ever been to.
5	This place fulfilled my every need for great food while in Vegas.I have always wanted to head to craftsteak but was too slow in NYC, now that its Collichicco and sons.  Luckily, there was still a craftsteak at the MGM Grand.  I LOVED IT.We started with the beet salad with pickled egg.  Amazing.  The egg was different but worked with mixed with the beets.  My friend and I then shared the Kobe beef skirt steak and the bison, with mashed potatoes and a corn mixture for side.  It was all awesome.  The Kobe steak was the best steak I have ever had.  I found the bison to be a little chewy but overall still good.  I love the corn, I could have liked the bowl clean.  The mashed potatoes, well, how can you go wrong with mashed potatoes.We were so stuffed we didn't get dessert but it all looked amazing.  If I am ever in Vegas again, I can't wait to return to this restaurant.Happy Eating!
4	This is probably the fanciest sandwich place. I've heard about this place from the word and mouth of Tom Colicchio.  So I decided to check this place out for some brunch as opposed to going to another buffet.  It really does remind me of an upscale Quizno's with even better ingredients and quality.  Definitely a good way to start out the day.
5	Simply amazing.  Four of us ate here for our nice night out in Vegas.  We were not disappointed at all.  Very nice, calming decor.  The service was great - we had no less than 4 people working our table.  We started with martinis for everyone while our server explained the different cuts and options to ordering.  We decided on a 3 course tasting menu for all.  I loved that the food was served family style as we all wanted to try everything.  First course was Caesar salad, frisee salad with a poached egg on top, grilled shrimp and a buffalo mozzarella salad - all yum.  Next came our main course, with 4 cuts of beef, corn sauteed in brown butter, mashed potatoes and 4 types of sauteed mushrooms.  I wasn't quite as impressed with the sides (with the exception of the mushrooms), but the steaks were perfectly cooked and soooo tasty - perfect with the bottle of sangiovese we had selected.  The dessert course was completely overwhelming - 6, yes, SIX, desserts were brought to our table.  We tried everything and it was very good.  Highlights was the monkey bread with caramel sauce and banana ice cream.  The dark chocolate tart came with maple bacon ice cream that was fun to try.  Also on the sorbet sampler was a pineapple cayenne sorbet with a serious bite.   All in all, the great meal that we were looking for and well worth the money.
4	This place was my very first stop on my latest trip to Vegas.  I landed a bit late to meet my friends on time at the restaurant, but it was all good.  The service was very accommodating considering there were 10 people there before two of us showed up.I sat down, took a quick look at the menu.  There were plenty of delicious cuts to choose from, but I went with a 12oz. hangar steak.  Of course it wasn't the biggest steak I've ever eaten, but it definitely packed a lot of flavor.  Our waiter explained his recommendation for how to dip/pour the extra sauce onto it.  I didn't order any sides, but I had my hand in one of the corn sides and mashed potatoes (or potato puree?).  Soooo good!  Wash that all down with some Yamazaki 12yr and it was a great start to an awesome weekend!Next time, I really want to relax a bit more and enjoy my meal, but that was because I landed late and not the restaurant rushing me in anyway.  Might have to bump up the review if i get another solid experience!
5	All I can say is STEAK FOOD ORGASM OF THE CENTURY!!!!!!!  I have never experienced food is a pure state taste so good in my life.  Best Steak I have ever eaten.  Even better than anything in Texas!!!  The way he cooks with simple measures to bring out the pure taste of the food was just amazing!  Service...  wow I felt like a princess!  There were 4 of us wanting to taste each others meal and they were accommodating for our "family" style of eating because we wanted to share & taste everything each other got.  We stayed almost 3 hours and never was rushed to leave, instead enjoyed talking to staff about the great food.  Every bite was just beyond anything we ever imagined!  Will go back next time in Vegas.
5	I'm ready for some meat!  Since the bf and I watch all the cooking reality shows, we wanted to give a Top Chef-related restaurant a try.  We did the Wagyu beef 3 course tasting menu at $130 a pop, and boy, was it worth it.  1st course:-Frisee salad with soft boiled egg, huge chunks of bacon, and some kind of bleu cheese dressing-Fresh buffalo mozarella-Prosciutto with a fig compote-Fresh avocado slices drizzled with olive oil, salt, and pepper(Towards the end we started rolling everything up in the prosciutto - SO GOOD!  Note: We'd been offered grilled prawns or Kobe tartare, but bf is allergic to shellfish and we're not big on raw meat.)2nd course:-Filet (ordered it medium, but it came out more medium rare..melted in the mouth)-Rib eye (chewier, but more flavorful)-Sweet white corn (super yummy and buttery)-Potatoes au gratin (just OK...should've gotten the potato puree)-Assortment of mushrooms (wasn't feeling this one...too woodsy for me)3rd course:-Monkey bread with banana ice cream (the ice cream tasted just like banana bread!)-Homemade sorbet (pink lemonade and peach) with fresh fruit-Molten chocolate cake with fresh whipped cream (was a little dry)Totally worth it considering the steaks alone would've cost about $220.  You get basically half portions of the starters and sides.  Our waiters were totally awesome...basically handed us the menu and told us to pick what we wanted for each course (in case we weren't sure if we'd like the chef's choices).  The service was fantastic...our glasses were never more than half empty. :)  It was a little dim inside, though....but aren't they all?
5	Mind blown. Craftsteak is the Charlie Trotters of meat in my book.Six of us ate here our last night in Vegas as we wanted to have an awesome meal. It's definitely a guys kind of place, but still appealing to carnivorous females. We had one of the chef's tasting menus and tried some incredible things. From the array of salads, to the sides (best corn and mashed potatoes I've ever had), and the meat (incredible skirt steak) to the desserts and cappuccino, this meal was nothing short of a five star experience for me. Everything was timed well and cooked the way we asked The servers were also knowledgeable and helpful as was the sommelier.So happy we went here and would definitely recommend to anyone going to Vegas,
5	So I've been wanting to try Craftsteak for years and finally I had the chance to go during my bachelor party in Feburary  2010.  Unfortunately, our party wasn't seated until about 45 minutes after our reservation but we were served complimentary tequila shots during the hiatus which was fine with us.  The staff was incredibly friendly, understanding and showed lots of personality.  Despite the long wait, this is still one of my only 5 stars I've ever given on Yelp.I ordered the Japanese A5 Wagyu medium rare and I swear to everything it made my soul cry.  So wonderful and perfectly cooked, this was an experience to remember.
4	It was just the two of us, but they seated us next to each other in an oversized booth, facing the dining room.  We half expected a show with our dinner, maybe some jousting or a sword fight ... if nothing else, it made for easy communication with the servers.I don't usually comment on decor/ambience unless it's bad, but I'm breaking my pseudo-rule to note that Craftsteak impressively accommodates a wide variety of parties, from couples to families with small children to large parties.Most importantly, the food is good.  The tasting menu, which we settled on after much consideration, is Pure Insanity.  It didn't really dawn on us just what an endeavor it was going to be until we were close to finished with the salads and prawns, but I'm getting ahead of myself.You start off with three salads of your choice.  Ours: beets, fennel and heirloom tomatoes.  If you love tomatoes, particularly during the height of the season (as it is now), the heirloom tomato salad is a must-try.  Those tomatoes were oh-so-sweet and oh-so-nicely seasoned.  Beets also highly recommended.Along with the salads, you automatically get grilled prawns.  They were solid, but definitely save room for the steak and sides.I have one steak recommendation:  the skirt steak.  The higher prices of the ribeye and filet are deceptive.  The less expensive skirt steak is where it's at.  In fact, the slight toughness of the ribeye is the main reason I can't give them 5 stars.  That and their weak mushroom side dish.Speaking of side dishes, I'll be ordering the potato puree and corn sides again and again.Then there's dessert.  They brought out three, that's right three, desserts.  Freshly-made donuts, chocolate and vanilla ice cream with fruit accompaniment, and a molten chocolate cake with hand-whipped cream.  We got through no more than half of each dessert, and not without lots of effort.  The donuts were the best, made even better when dipped into the molten chocolate part of the cake.  I wasn't expecting much, but I left over-full, fully satisfied and pleasantly surprised by the whole experience.
5	Who comes to CraftSteak and doesn't get the Wagyu tasting menu??If you're going to splurge, this is the place to do it. I always go for the Surf & Turf Wagyu Tasting and I'm never disappointed. Alright, I'll say that the Ceasar Salad isn't a highlight but again, you're going to a restaurant with the word 'Steak' in the name so that definitely sets expectations.The lobster is divine totally bathed in butter - I can feel myself getting fatter is write this... and I love it. The skirt is my favorite - so rich and buttery, it literally melts in your mouth. Everything is served family style so your best bet is to come with a group so you can sample everything. The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous. And to end everything, dessert ranges from assorted sorbets to mixed berry cobbler to my personal favorite... monkeybread!The service is literally impeccable. They're kind, courteous and engaging not to mention they're at your table all the time to see if you need anything. This last time, I came for my anniversary and not only did the waiter comp us a bottle of Muscato but also ANOTHER dessert that had, "Happy Anniversary" with our names written in chocolate. He was also kind enough to make reservations at L'atelier Joel Robuchon for us for the next night.We dropped easily $400 for the 2 of us that night but if there were any restaurant worth doing it at, CraftSteak would be it (well, aside from French Laundry, of course :)
5	We went with a rather large group for my boyfriends birthday in June and had a great experience! I think most of us went with the Wagyu Skirt Steak (medium rare plus for me, thanks). Cooked to perfection - juicy, warm, delish! The side dishes were pretty good also. Worth mentioning also is the outstanding help we received from both the waitress and the sommelier when trying to select a good, but decently priced bottle of wine (under one hundy!!). We went with one of their recommendations: Veraison Synchrony 2004 (Napa Valley). It is mostly a Cab franc/sauvignon blend with a bit of malbec and merlot. It was very smooth and complemented the steak perfectly!! I looked at my local wine shop and they carry it at $60 a bottle. Considering we payed less than $100 for it, it wasn't too much of a mark up (and you know what I mean... Bottles that cost $10 at Ralphs are sometimes 6 or 7 times that at a restaurant!).Another thing worth mentioning is that my boyfriend and I stayed at the MGM through the PRIMA deal. This deal entails that you are going to spend $500 through out the MGM Grand resorts and you get special deals like 2 for 1 entrees at the MGM restaurant, 2 for 1 drinks at the bars, free entrance at wet republic, etc. etc. Even though most of our group stayed at the MGM, my boyfriend and I were the only ones that got the PRIMA deal and thought that they would only give us our entrees at 2 for 1. However, they honored it for the WHOLE table (around 8 of us). We saved over $200!!  A GREAT deal!!
5	I  visit Vegs primarily for the eating extravaganzas and the buffset, but maybe in between, I just might throw in a visit to Craftsteak.  I mean hey If you've won a notable amount of dirty cash and you're looking for a worthy meal to splurge on, this is where you absolutely must go. It is recommended that reservations are made, unless you like to spend a lot of time people watching in the casino.The setup/ambiance is very contemporary, but not ostentatiously  trendy. The strategically dimmed lighting seems to bring out your dinner mates' best features, and possibly hides a bit of that post meal pouch you'll be harboring later on. Started off with the mozzarella caprese salad. It seems simple enough but I think it was prepared very well, or it could have been the presentation. In any event,  this already got my mouth watering for my second course, the rib eye cooked bloody rare. Holllly! Bite after bite and I could barely contain my tummy fairies from playing their golden harps around me.  It was just that f@cking good. The hangar steak and filet mignon were just as good, but I fancy the slight buttery marble in my prime rib.  Got the mushroom risotto as a side and there I was, yet again, trying to contain my excitement over excellent meal. This was by far, the best risotto I have ever spooned into my greedy little mouth. Everything was so masterfully prepared, I can't even express that enough without sounding redundant.I really wish I had room for dessert because my eyes ooogled as I saw goodies passing by me to and fro, but sadly, I was defeated! Sigh. Either way, I was in awe over and over again as each food item crossed my lips....Oh and service was stellar. A typical 3 course meal will set you back about $90 with gratuity, oh it ain't cheap, but it's sooooooooooooooo worth it. I can't wait for the tummy fairies to sing their tunes to me again......
5	EPIC!My most recent trip to CS wasn't my first rodeo there and it wont be my last..My wife and I got the tasting menu, three apps, two steaks, three sides and three desserts. All were great, Tom's restaurants are always simplistic culinary excellence.  I highly recommend the short ribs, monkey bread and sorbet. The paster chef needs to have his or her name on the menu, IMO they're better than Bouchon.  The wine list at CS is ridiculous, even if you're a wine sommelier or an experienced aficionado you will be impressed. I cannot say enough good things about CS. The only downside to to this amazing restaurant is the younger "D-bag" scene has found out about CS and is starting to take over.. :(Protip: Toms restaurants in Vegas recycle everything and I mean everything. All leftover food is kept and taken to local farms to feed pigs.. Maybe that's why my bacon in the fennel salad was so good, it was eating $100.00 beef all it's life..
3	If you want a really good steak, this may not be the place for you. After hearing such great reviews on Yelp for CS I was shocked how my food was prepared. Here is what my girlfriend and I ordered:2 - Bone in Rib Eye (Medium Rare)1 - Side of Sweet Corn1 - Side of French Fries w/ Paprika. First, our Rib-Eye came out medium well. The server asked my girlfriend and I to slice the steak in half to see if it was overdone (although it shouldn't matter), we did and she said she'll take our steak back. IMO a server especially at a steakhouse should never ask you to cut your steak in half. I'm paying $50! It better be perfect!As we munch our french fries and sweet corn, the manager came over to let us know another medium rare steak would arrive soon, and they will give us a new order of hot sides to make sure everything goes well together. I wasn't mad nor angry simply because I had faith they would get things right. Again, when the food arrive, it was medium (close to medium rare) once again. At this time, we did not want to send the food back and just decided to eat it anyway instead of waiting for another 30 minutes for them to correct it again.A steakhouse should know how to prepare a medium rare steak. Although it is the hardest to prepare, a good restaurant should be able to execute this with ease. I'm glad I didnt go "all-in" and order the Wagyu ($110) over the rib eye. I would have been pissed if I had to keep sending my Wagyu back.Bone In Rib Eye 16oz ($50 each) - 3 / 5 StarsFrench Fries - 5 / 5 Stars. The fries were insanely good.~$13Sweet Corn - 5 / 5 Stars. The second batch of corn came out hot and it tasted better than the first one.~$13 Complimentary Bread - 4 / 5 Stars. 6 amazing rolls served hot and warm.The sides can actually be split between 3 - 4 people. The steak itself was more than enough, I recommend splitting 2 sides between 3-4 people. The sides were good, but it couldn't save CS from a 3 star review. It would be a misleading review if I gave CS a 4 star. If you really want a good steak, I would recommend heading to Delmonico (@ the Venetian). The steak here relied more on some sort of marinating sauce. The Bone-In Rib Eye (18oz) @ Delmonico used a pepper spice and it simply melts in your mouth.Lastly, CS felt a lot more like a casual restaurant. You see a lot of people ordering steak and eating by the bar. Not ideal if you're looking for a romantic dinner, but it didn't bother me.
4	What can I say that hasn't already been said here. I'll caveat with the fact that I'm not a huge steak orderer. I've had Kobe beef in Kobe, Japan, and the freshest beef in the world outside Rio in Brazil. Both of these experiences had the meat as the showcase, no more flavoring added then the sear of the grill and some salt. Having enjoyed such great beef, I find it best just NOT to get my hopes up again, and not bother with steaks at restaurants (to much disappointment). We went to Craftsteak for a Vegas style birthday. The weekend was already filled with amazing food adventures, but they all culminated in a great dinning experience thanks to our favorite Top Chef.The dinning room, although dim and buzzing with waiters and busboys was never so loud I couldn't talk across the table to our party of 9. The sommalia was great at helping us settle on several wines for the table, one of which he comped (with out us knowing till the bill came) for the birthday girl! Our waitress was all sunshine with out being annoying, and our food came out quick. I had the surf and turf, New York tri with a lobster tail cooked Medium. AMAZING!! Simple, a good size on both the tail and the steak! My friend got the Rib-Eye...IT WAS MASSIVE, so juicy and simple. The side dishes aren't really worth mentioning, because here, the steak was front and center. The table played pass-the-piece and we tried half the menu. Finished the meal off with coffee and monkey bread (with candle in it for some happy birthday singing) and you could have stuck a fork in me, I was done!From the hostess, to the bill, Craftsteak delivered the total dinning experience and made me believe that I don't have to eat the extreme A+ in steak, there is plenty of room for the "regular" A's at the top of the curve as well!
5	Really incredible meal at Craftsteak. I wanted to love Craftsteak because I love Top Chef and I was not challenged in this. My husband and I ordered the Waygu Beef Chef's Menu and received incredible homemade parkerhouse rolls with quality butter, excellent first course dishes (and lots of them!). We then got waygu beef cooked two different ways and amazing sides of Brentwood corn, smashed potatoes and one other that I unfortunately cannot remember. The beef was fabulous.  Then dessert, oh dessert. The waiter brings out this tray of 6 different large desserts (for us and our 2 friends who ate there as well). We thought that this was one of those things where we pick what we like of those. Nope, he puts all the dishes down on the table. Sorbet trio, molton chocolate cake with cinnamon cream, fruit crumble, a few others including the best: monkey bread pudding with caramel sauce! Oh, that was a meal to remember!
5	Maybe the best steak I've ever had (and I usually don't even like steak that much!). The meat's delicious, the sides are delicious, service is very attentive, the restaurant is cool-looking, and it has Tom Colicchio!And on top of all that, the prices are high, but not ridiculous. For 6 of us, with dinner, sides, dessert, cocktails, and tip it was only $550.
4	Craftsteak was a class act from start to finish. The service was excellent and the food was delicious (although not quite able to surpass my favorite steakhouse, Harris' in SF). With most steaks around a very reasonable $50, it didn't break the bank either. The mushroom risotto was the standout dish of the night (and comes with just as much hen of the woods mushrooms as the equally priced mushroom side). The sweet pepers and the potatoes gratin were quite popular as well. The bearnaise sauce was not so good.We called around 4pm without a reservation and they were able to accomodate our group of 9 at 5pm without a problem.
5	Mmmmm, Wagyu beef tartare.  Can't stop thinking about it.
5	Maybe it's the lack of hair on chef Tom Colicchio's head that inspires him to dispense with the culinary smoke and mirrors and keep the cooking clean.  The thought behind Craftsteak's menu is so simple that every steakhouse in the country should be embarrassed not to have thought of it: quality meat, perfectly prepared.  But maybe that's the sign of great cooking -- so subtle, so simple that the taster delusionally believes anyone could cook it.We had the filet mignon, dry aged t-bone and free range chicken.  Each dish was brilliant, filling, tasty--emphasizing the flavors of the meat.  Most people have never actually tasted the flavor of great meat, well prepared.  And Craftsteak is an excellent place to get an introduction to how amazing the flavor of well-prepared steak is on its own, without a sauce.  After you eat here, you will never try a lesser-quality steak house because they'll just seem like McDonalds with different flavoring.But that's just the food.  The bar's whiskey menu is certainly worth mentioning as well with its well-stocked collection of Scotch, Irish whiskey, Bourbon and Canadian whiskey.  The night we were there, the bartender had a solid base of product knowledge and was able to expertly direct us around the whiskey menu.
1	Not a great experience. Had to wait 20 minutes even with a reservation. Server disappeared after entrees were served and never came back. Had to ask busboy for our check after waiting 30 mins after we were done.Ordered the "Black Label" Wagyu ribeye and New York steaks, both medium rare. Toughest ribeye ever. Grain appeared stringy like a skirt steak with absolutely no marbling. The New York steak, even tough being a leaner cut, was perfectly marbled, like a slab of pork belly.My recommendation for steaks would be Pucks' CUT at the Palazzo; or Joel Robuchon for the double portioned Kobe.
4	Its been a long long while since i've been here but i remember the sweet corn being mighty delicious. I don't remember what type of steak i got here but the service was good and my steak was delicious. i've been here a few times with my friends and family and its been a pleasant experience everytime
3	We had such high expectations for Craftsteak.  Being avid fans of Top Chef, we were excited for our amazing meal.  Started out by waiting 20 minutes for our reservation - it was a Saturday night at 8pm, so I will let that one slide.  But when the bartender was rather rude to my friend about not having her ID, and therefore not allowing her to sit at the bar, I started to think otherwise.Now onto the food...the bread they serve is amazing.  I wish I could have eaten that all night.  Two of us ordered the surf and turf - mine with scallops, my friend with lobster.  First, they served us the wrong meal - I got her lobster and vice versa.  This is a big deal to me - at such an expensive restaurant, you do not serve the wrong meal to someone!  Then we realize we have the wrong steaks and had to switch - but both were overdone. Seafood-wise, my friends lobster was overcooked, but my scallops were delicious.    We also ordered the mashed potatoes - those were amazing.  Looking back, we should have sent back our steak and her lobster.  When we were leaving, I saw someone else send back their steak.  I hope this was a fluke night for Craftsteak and they usually have better luck not overcooking the food.Overall, nice atmosphere, OK service, dissapointing food.
5	This was the best meal I have EVER had.BF & I had dinner here to celebrate our 4 year anniversary. We were seated at a huge booth, very comfortable, very beautiful atmosphere.As soon as we were seated, we were greeted by our amazing waitress, who wished us a happy anniversary. She went over the menu in detail with us, and pointed out things she recommended.I started with a Peach Passion Martini (and followed it with two more!) which was recommended by the waitress. Absolutely delicious.For dinner we ordered the Lobster Bisque, Grilled Kobe Skirt Steak, OrganicSalmon, and Broccolini.While we waited for the food we enjoyed the scrumptious little fresh baked dinner rolls. We were constantly being checked on to make sure we had enough drinks and that everything was going well. It was nice relaxing in the comfy booth with my man, listening to the Blues music they were playing and taking in the awesome decor.My Lobster Bisque was out first. It was a generous portion of creamy, lobstery, tarragony soup with lots of massive chunks of lobster meat. We shared the soup, but didn't finish it because we wanted to make sure we had room for dinner. This bowl of bisque was large enough to fill one person up.After the soup, our entrees arrived. My Grilled Kobe Skirt Steak was out of this world. I have honestly never had something this good before. The meat was so tender it literally melted in my mouth. It was cooked in butter and it was just... succulent. I mean really, there are no words to properly describe this steak. The portion was huge too, we took half of it to go.BF's salmon. Okay, I don't like salmon, I think it's too fishy. But, they cooked his salmon to medium and I love salmon now! Who knew? We also took half of that home.The broccolini was sauteed with garlic and red pepper and it was the perfect side to compliment both of our meals.The reason why I didn't overdo it and eat all of my food, was I wanted to try the Cinnamon Monkey Bread. I had read about it on Yelp, and I just had to save room for it. The waitress came over and gave us the dessert menu, and she mentioned that we should try the Monkey Bread. We informed her that we already knew wanted that, so she went and placed the order.While waiting for the Monkey Bread, an employee came over with our to-go bag and apologized profusely, stating that while transferring BF's salmon to the box, it fell on the floor. We said it was fine, we didn't need it. The man told us they were cooking a whole new piece of salmon for us. Again, we told him it was fine, but he insisted, and we got a whole new piece of fish. Nice!The Cinnamon Monkey Bread arrived. It was served with banana toffee ice cream, and they had written "Happy Anniversary" on our plate in chocolate. Very nice.The Monkey Bread was better that I could have even imagined it would be. It was soft, warm, sugary, cinnamony, with lots of chewy caramelized pecans on top. It was dessert perfection. There was not one crumb of that left on the plate when we were done with it. This was the absolute perfect meal, not one flaw, not one negative. This was the best meal my boyfriend and I have ever had. It was the perfect place to celebrate our anniversary, and I look forward to dining here again someday.
4	Lovely: best flat iron I've had!Keo: absolutely amazing experience... only if you have the bank roll to pay for it.
4	Did the tasting menu for seasonal items here while in Vegas for a weekend. The service was excellent, two waiters and the sommelier visited the table. Loved that he offered to split two glasses of wine so I could try the white and red that he had since I am limited to one glass on special occasions due to pregnancy.Easy to get reservations here too, we had them at 8:30 to make Ka on a Friday night.The seasonal menu was lovely and for us, the best part wasn't even the steak! We loved the first part with the veggies and appetizers. The quail was excellent! Dessert was great, although I have to be honest, what is with this maple bacon ice cream craze going right now? I found it more novel than tasty.Wrote Congratulations on our dessert plate too! (we were on our "babymoon")Will DEFINITELY return. Thanks chef!
4	Another trip to Vegas and another great meal.  We went here with 9 guys for a bachelor party and it was damn tasty. We ordered the Wagyu beef dinner for the table where you all pay a flat fee and they bring every imaginable cut of Wagyu beef (strip, filet, skirt steak, etc) along with appetizers, side dishes, and desserts. In fact, they brought ALL of the sides. My favorite sides were the Mushroom risotto and the sweet corn, damn those were good. The meat though was so damn succulent and tasty you won't get a better batch of steaks anywhere. By the time dessert came around we were really full, but they brought us 2 of everything. My favorite was the vanilla bean cheesecake and the bear claw things. All in all +5 for the taste of the food. Amazing.-1 for the price. You go in knowing it is going to be expensive... but, they charge you a 50 dollar "large group fee", make you pay a $500 deposit, and a mandatory 20% tip.  Not including drinks, it was about 200 bucks for dinner.
3	I Have been hearing about Craftsteak forever and finally took the plunge. glad i went? yes. would i go back? maybe......let me start off by whats great. wine list. however this is a place to buy the bottle not the glass....the group i was with all prefer different types of wine so our wine by the glass selection was very limited. I had the surf and turf- filet and scallops. both were really tasty, simple but cooked perfectly and really generous portions. not the best i have ever had but right up there with the best. starters- ceasar salad (good but not great), mozerella salad(really good) , the bread was amazing. we had the white corn as a side and it was really really good- i dont eat corn so for me to say this is saying a lot. the potatoes au gratin though....meh at best. i think the real issue i have with Craftsteak is how completely overpriced it is, how uncomfortable the chairs are just really left me wanting more....and with so many other notable chefs so close I don't see a reason to return.
5	UH-MAY-ZING!!! This has to be one of the best meals I've ever had in my life. Chef  Tom Colicchio... you are a amazing. Every single thing I have ever tried on this menu has been fabulous.This is my #1 favorite steak house in Vegas.... or anywhere for that matter! LOVE Craft Steak!
4	I'd like to preface this with the fact that I think Vegas Restaurant Week is great, we get to experience all these awesome restaurants without breaking our bank (as much).That said, we went to Craftsteak during restaurant week. When we told them we were there for Restaurant Week (a group of 8) tried to give our order the waiter told us there was no need.  Apparently at Craftsteak, Restaurant Week meals are served family-style, so that everyone can try every dish.  For $50 a person, the dishes were as follows:First CourseAppetizersShaved Fennel, Lemon, Olive OilVermont Farm Quail, Quince SabaItalian Buffalo Mozzarella, HazelnutsPersian Cucumber, Watercress, GingerSecond CourseEntreesGrilled Angus Skirt SteakPrime Beef Flat IronDiver Sea Scallops, Lemon VinaigretteSide DishesBrentwood Sweet Corn, Green OnionsOrganic Baby Shiitake MushroomsYukon Gold Potato Puree, ChivesThird CourseDessertPastry Chef's Selection of Confections, Ice Cream and SorbetOne of stars for the night was definitely the quail, which was succulent and sweet and came with some delicious almost candied grapes... I heard the scallops were the most awesome of the three entrees (unfortunately I didn't have any).   Number one for me, though were all of the side dishes.  The potato puree, the corn and the mushrooms were all amazing.  Those were finished off even before th entrees were.  As far as the desserts go, they were surprisingly good. (I'm generally disappointed with fixe-prixe desserts).  We had a butterscotch cinnamon roll type pastry, 4 flavors of ice cream/sorbet, creme brulee and a molten chocolate cake.  The chocolate cake was on the dry side, but all of the other desserts were delicious.  All-in-all I give this restaurant 4 stars, not because it wasn't super awesome, but I feel that if I had the choice there are a few restaurants I would probably choose to go to over craftsteak for the price point.
5	Chef Colicchio, the naming of a restaurant cannot be more apt. And forgive little ole me for claiming that you, sir, got the craft of steak, down to a science. In my experience, while other steak restaurants excel on steaks, they typically fall apart when it comes to a collective experience with the inclusion of the sides. Our selections of  the mushroom risotto, potato gratinand Brentwood sweet corn had our table clamoring for more.Oh, how I wish to revisit the evening soon.
5	First off, expect to spend a LOT of money here. This ain't Black Angus or Lone Star. No $10 steaks here! Some friends and I went here to stay at a timeshare. Since my friend got the room, I bought dinner here for the three of us. We all got the filet mignon, a couple side dishes, and lots of drinks. The menu is a la carte, so it can get a bit pricey. But you get to choose what you want and the sides are enough to feed several people. The filets were amazing! They brought them out on a big cast iron skillet. Just the steak and nothing else. No fancy presentation needed. I've had better filets (not many better than that), but this is right up there with them as one of the best I have ever had. The food was amazing!The atmosphere inside of the restaurant is very nice too. It is dark and very romantic feeling. A great place to bring your girl. The service was also very good. They have a fantastic wine list that is reasonably priced. I didn't have desert, because we filled up on our meal and drinks.Next trip to Vegas and I'm stopping back in here again.
4	This review pertains to the Restaurant Week Prix Fixe for $50.10.The Skinny: solid steak house, good sides, pretty good desserts - however issues with serving sizes (4), service: great, warm and friendly (4), value: the prix fixe menus are the thing to get here... a la carte is very pricey and I wouldn't recommend it (3).We used to hit Craftsteak when it was still just Craftsteak. The prix fixe menu was around $50-60 per person and pre-Top Chef fame. The reason why we loved it was the quality, the variety and the reasonable cost. Since then, they've steadily raised the prices to around $80/person which is way overpriced (plus they changed the beef to black angus... it used to be kobe.)So we returned for Restaurant Week for it's more reasonable price point at $50.10/person. We had 5 people at our table and we were quite pleased by the spread.Service was quite prompt, warm and efficient. Our server was pleased that we had come in for the Restaurant week event and was eager to help us use our vouchers for free drinks. The manager did stop by to greet us and ensure we were having a good time.We were served the grilled quail, shaved fennel salad, persian cucumber/watercress salad, mozzarella salad for appetizers. This was followed by prime flat iron steak, grilled angus skirtsteak, sweet corn, yukon potatoes, scallops with the lemon vinaigrette and a dish of baby shitake mushrooms. (for more details, please see the above pics).The grilled quail was tender, perfectly seasoned and absolutely delicious. As were all three of the starter salads. We actually received two dishes of the mozzarella salad although we would have preferred more of the fennel salad. Along with the piping hot butter pan rolls, all the flavours of the food worked together beautifully.The two beef dishes were well-executed and I loved the springs of fresh thyme. The scallops had a wonderful caramelization on both sides.The corn was fabulous as always and we were given two dishes of this. Although I really like the flavours of their Yukon Gold potatoe puree, I do like my potatoes to be a little less soft (albeit it's a puree... right? but still a little texture would be better). The shitake mushrooms were a very small serving size considering that this dish was to be shared amongst 5 of us. Same goes for the potato puree.We had two rather large servings of skirtsteak and flat iron prime with relatively smaller portions of sides. I think I would have like more sides rather than so much beef.Dessert consisted of five separate dishes: a peach pavlova, a chocolate panna cotta, a molten chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream, monkey bread with banana ice cream and a traditional cheesecake.Of the 5 desserts, the monkey bread and the molten chocolate cake were my favourite. The warm monkey bread had a rich cinnamon, nut topping and was perfectly paired with banana gelato. The molten chocolate cake was moist on the outside, runny on the inside - just the way it's supposed to be.The chocolate panna cotta was a little too firm texturally. While I did like the peach sorbet on top of the pavlova, the pavlova itself was a little too thick and thus felt very hard overall. The cheesecake was good but nothing special.In essence, this is simple food is done right. The only problems were the proportions of the side dishes and some issues with the desserts. This results in a 4 star review.I have to say, for $50, it's a good deal but certainly not $80ish as it normally is. Because we did the Wet Republic event, we got 30.10/person voucher plus a coupon for a free drink each. So overall, we paid $30ish per person (including tax and tip). It was great seeing our bill at the end.
5	Last night, my boyfriend Devin and I went to Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak at MGM Grand. It's nearly the end of Restaurant Week, and this was our only stop!  We were excited by the menu, and had wanted to try the place for a while, so it seemed like the perfect time. We booked an early dinner, which meant that we got a great booth where we could sit next to each other and share food.After we sat down, they brought us the most amazing fresh-baked bread. Think King's Hawaiian rolls, but homemade in a cast iron pan and way more buttery. I'm not ashamed to say that we finished the first six rolls and asked for more. Our drink orders were easy: Two Chimay Reds at $10 apiece. Chimay is pricey anyway, so this wasn't a bad deal, plus this beer goes with absolutely everything! Dev isn't a wine drinker, and I prefer beer as well, plus the wine list was really pricey, so we figured Chimay would serve us well. The best part was when the waiter came to take our order. There was a choice of four appetizers, three entrees, and three sides, or so I thought. The waiter asked how we would like our steak cooked. Confused, I looked at him and said, "Oh, I'll have the scallops." He said, "You get everything." That's right, for Restaurant Week at Craftsteak, you get four appetizers, three entrees,  three sides, plus two desserts, for $50 a person. Deal. So we said we'd like our steak medium rare.Our four appetizers came out very quickly. I like quick service. The fennel salad was great; it was raw shaved fennel with a citrusy dressing. It's not for everyone but I love fennel, so I finished the plate. The other salad, a cucumber-arugula affair, was good for me and not good for Dev. I think he had a problem with the flavor of the arugula, and he also dislikes cucumber. I love both, so I liked it. The roasted quail was amazing; even the grapes that were served with it tasted as if they had been fire-roasted. The buffalo mozzarella was also delicious. It was topped with a sort of bell pepper "tapenade." I don't like bell peppers, but these were roasted, and it tasted really great.I'll move on to the side dishes before the entrees. The side dishes were a sweet corn warm salad, a dish of shiitake mushrooms, and a potato puree. The corn dish was the best corn I've ever had. I'm not even normally a fan of corn, but I had seconds. The mushrooms, well, they were fantastic. I love mushrooms in almost any form, but the flavor of these mushrooms was perfect, just earthy and great. The potato puree was just about as good as the one I had at Robuchon, meaning that it's about half heavy cream and half potato. The chives were a nice touch.The entrees. Here is where we said medium-rare on the steak. We had both skirt steak and a prime beef flat iron steak. The skirt steak was perfect at a med-rare, but I think looking back I would have ordered the flat iron at a medium, since it was cut thicker. Both steaks were seasoned and cooked perfectly. The scallop dish was two sea scallops in a lemon cream sauce with some shaved fennel on top. I  lucked out because Devin only wanted a taste, so I got to eat almost the whole dish. They were cooked perfectly, which you don't always see with restaurant scallops.  The dessert course was more than I expected. The "Pastry Chef's Selection of Confections, Ice Cream, and Sorbet," turned out to be two composed dishes. One was a chocolate panna cotta with a caramel sauce, and the other was a peach concoction, with meringue, whipped cream, fresh peaches, and peach sorbet. I was surprised by how great the peach sorbet was. Not being much of a dessert person (unless it's bread pudding!), I don't usually judge places on their desserts. If desserts were very important to me, these two would have more than passed the test. The service was impeccable, professional, and efficient. The layout of the restaurant is interesting. I'm glad we were among the first reservations, because we got a great booth in the back. I suspect they give the walk-ins the tables in the front that are open to the rest of the casino, including tacky people walking in from the pool in just their swimsuits. Overall, I feel that a five star review is warranted, because the food was fantastic, and I'd go there again even if it was a full-price menu. I can't wait to try their filet mignon to see if it compares to Strip Steak's butter-poached version!
4	Restaurant Week 2010. Unlike other RW menus where you choose one option for each of the three courses, at Craftsteak they give you everything and serve it family style. That makes it one of the better values for RW, in my opinion.The first course consisted of four dishes. The best of the group was the Italian Buffalo Mozzarella with Hazelnuts. The Vermont Farm Quail wasn't far behind. I'm no quail connoisseur, but I thought the gaminess of it was pretty mild. The cucumber salad with arugula, watercress and ginger was pretty good and the fourth dish -- the shaved fennel -- was largely forgettable. Despite a citrusy taste, it was a little bland.The entrees were two cast iron dishes of grilled angus skirt steak and a flat iron steak, both cooked medium rare. I realize that neither is a great cut of beef to start with and it definitely showed. While the flavor and seasoning was spot on, the texture was a little tough, especially with the flat iron steak. It was so tough that we couldn't finish either one (plus there was so much other food). But we did take home the leftovers as a treat for my two dogs. There probably aren't too many canines who can say they dined on some of Tom Colicchio's dishes. The third entree that they brought out was a dish with 2 huge scallops topped with fennel. They were perfectly seared and delicious.There were three side dishes that accompanied the meal -- sweet corn with green onions, organic baby shiitake mushrooms, and a Yukon gold potato puree. All were amazing, although the potatoes were a bit too runny for me. My biggest complaint about the sides -- and all the food in general -- is that everything's cooked with so much oil and butter that it feels really heavy. Paula Dean would be in heaven, but for someone who tries to eat marginally healthy (ok, minus all the desserts I eat) it was a shock to the system.Rounding out the dinner were two desserts. The first was a peach sorbet with sliced peaches and meringue. I'm not a huge fan of meringues, but theirs was light and airy and the sorbet was refreshing. I typically prefer chocolate desserts, so the peach sorbet wasn't my favorite. The second dessert was a molten chocolate cake with fresh whipped cream. Now, that dessert was a home run. Rich and chocolatey with an ooey gooey center that spills out when you cut into it. I've tried numerous versions of molten chocolate cakes at other restaurants and this version was one of the better ones I've had.To drink, we ordered two wine flights with our dinner, each centered around a single vineyard and featuring different varietals. Both the Quintessa flight ($75) and Duckhorn flight ($55) paired nicely with the food. Their wine list is fairly extensive and most bottles have a ridiculously high mark-up.We had two servers during our meal and both were attentive and professional without being pretentious or snooty. The food was brought out quickly, although the pace of the meal was very comfortable. Water glasses were constantly being refilled and the servers stopped by often to check in on us. Even though I wasn't crazy about the cuts of beef we had, I'd gladly come back to try a filet or ribeye. Their wagyu menu looks amazing, albeit expensive. If you come here, come hungry and with a fat wallet.3.5 Stars
4	We were promptly seated in the large  dining room. The restaurant is  devoted to meat.  We enjoyed the fillet Mignon (nicely done) and short ribs as well one of the mushroom side dishes.  The monkey bread dessert is worth coming back for another visit for.  Large wine list (though, we end up going with the sommelier's big red pairing consisting of three cabernet-based wines that were paired very well with our meal).  Service was attentive  and not stuffy.
4	Restaurant Week '10 was the perfect excuse to get into Craftsteak.  I am a fan of Colicchio and had been thinking about going for quite some time, plus Restaurant Week supports 3-Square which is a worthwhile charity.We had an easy time getting reservations for our party of 3, and when we arrived, we were seated promptly.  It took a while for our server to get our drink orders (my only complaint, really), but the bartender didn't skimp on the good stuff.  The inside of the restaurant was gorgeous, subtle lighting, earthy colors, and it isn't loud inside.  I would strongly recommend a reservation on a weekend night, though; it looked like people who were waiting for a table were put at the entrance right along the shopping area outside - very bright and noisy.The special menu for Restaurant Week was a great value because instead of choosing one option from the menu for each course, they were all delivered to our table and served family style along with hot buttery rolls.First course was a fennel salad, fresh buffalo mozzarella with hazelnuts and roasted red pepper, a cucumber and watercress salad and some super delicious quail.  All four dishes had flavors that complimented each other; it wasn't a haphazard selection.  I keep writing that the quail was the star and then deleting it thinking, "no the mozzarella was so delicate, the cucumber salad so crisp and refreshing."  It was all great.The main course was a selection of prime beef flat iron, grilled skirt steak, and diver scallops.  The scallops were to die for, but the steak was good too.  Despite thinking of skirt steak as something I buy to cut into strips for stir fry or steak sandwiches, I preferred it over the flat iron.  It had a really flavorful crust and was tender and juicy.  I didn't know skirt steak could be made like that!  We also had 3 sides to go with our meats: shitake mushrooms, yukon gold potato puree (yum!), and sweet corn with green onions.  We ate all of the potato puree and sweet corn, but the shitake mushrooms were a little bland compared to everything else.  For dessert we had a selection of chocolate panacotta, cheesecake with blackberries, and a pastry with peaches and raspberry sorbet.  Get the chocolate pannacotta.  You will be happy.I really enjoyed myself at Craftsteak, especially after the disappointment that was Mesa Grill.  I'd like to go back and try a "fancier" cut of beef off the a la carte menu, but I can't complain about the taste and value of the meal I had for Restaurant Week.
5	The perfect place to go for steak in Vegas.  The tasting menu is a lot of food.  Skirt steak and bison steak are memorable.
4	I've kept my eye on Craftsteak as well as a couple other restaurants but I was feeling for a good flat iron two nights ago and choose this place over Fleur De Lys and Mesa Grill. Holy hell. I was so pissed to find out that Restaurant week in Vegas ended during the first couple days of my visit. I wanted the get the tasting menu that was $85pp but only $50 the day before! Should have punched myself in the face for that mistake.Either way, everything was freaking delicious. The strength of the meal came in the steaks, scallops and sides. Perfectly cooked to a medium rare. The appetizers were good, but comprised of nothing cooked, so it was harder appreciate dishes that came in various marinades and dressings (we had shaved fennel salad, cucumber and watercress salad, buffalo mozzarella and proscuitto with figs). I would've appreciated the roast quail but they were out for the night. Dessert was good too, I'm a sorbet girl so I loved the peach and chocolate sorbet. Tasted like cocoa ice cream without the ice cream texture that I don't like. We also had molten chocolate cake and monkey bread which my bf loved.Portions were HUGE. We could've fed at least 3 ppl with the food we received.Service was great. The waiters weren't snobby at all, even though me and my bf were the youngest kids there. I was a little annoyed that they kept on referring to the Wagyu beef as Kobe...because its not the same thing. But the "lead" waiter even recommended a cheaper tasting menu that fit our tastes better, instead of recommending the more expensive one that would result in a bigger bill.Why the one star off? I'd like to see a better appetizer in the tasting menu we got. Also, I really thought the food was good but our bill came out to $275 for two people (we split 3 glasses of champagne) which I thought was hefty for food that was plain in idea and execution and not super innovative or unique. I think if I paid Restaurant Week prices I'd be a little happier but all in all, we had a great meal.
5	I've been to some of the 'best of the best steakhouses' in Vegas and Craftsteak is always by far my absolute favorite. The service is always top notch, but the food exceeds all expectations. I've brought my family, friends, boyfriend for many occasions and everyone always loves Craft.The Lobster Bisque is packed with lobster meat and it's not super heavy. I LOVE THEIR WAGYU TARTAR!! Other great options are their quail, seared scallops, roasted chicken, rib eye and lamb chops. Everything here is great but those are my top picks. If you're lucky enough to go during the summer season, you MUST TRY the sweet corn. It's one of their staples and I know why!It may be pricier but it's worth it. I miss my hometown and Craftsteak is one of the reasons why.
5	I went here for my birthday last September and thought it was amazing.  So when restaurant week rolled around this year, I begged to go back and managed to convince a few friends.  We all did the restaurant week menu.  AND IT WAS AS GREAT AS I REMEMBERED!The three course menu has been well-described by other reviewers.  I will just say that I am a huge fan of Tom Colicchio's style of cooking: simple and awesome.  He understands that good food doesn't require foie gras or a bunch of fancy crap.  I would recommend this place to anyone who likes unpretentious, excellent food.  It's definitely worth mentioning that the service was impeccable.  The server's assistant even gave us pens and magnets and told us about the episode of Top Chef that was filmed in the restaurant with Natalie Portman.  Yes, I'm a huge dork! haha.  Love that show.  This was a wonderful dining experience.   They even managed to squeeze us in on the last day of restaurant week.
4	Let me just start off by saying that I'm not a fan of Tom Colicchio in any way, shape or form.  In fact, he irks me, but that's another story. Despite my feelings about him, I was impressed by Craftsteak. I have to say I was really hesitant about dining here because of the whole "celebrity chef" thing. I'm more about the food than I am about names, but I thought the menu sounded great and the reviews here were good so I gave it a go. I'm really glad I did.  The food was on point and ranked as highly in my book as some of the better restaurants I've eaten at in NY and SF.  We enjoyed the heirloom tomato salad and shrimp cocktail for a starter and both were tremendous in flavor.  The tomatoes were beautifully ripened and perfectly dressed.  The shrimp were large and wonderfully fresh. For our entree, we split the 16 oz ribeye, which was cooked to perfection in a veal reduction sauce.  Omg the sauce!  I was dipping everything possible into it and would have licked the plate if I could.  I'm a small girl, but I could have finished that steak on my own, don't let the 1 lb freak you out.  The sides were wonderful as well, the roasted carrots in honey were AMAZING.  They tasted even better in the steak jus.  I really enjoyed my dinner and would most definitely return.  Don't let your thoughts, good or bad, about Tom sway you.  It's worth a visit and will start your night off right in Vegas.Oh and for the gluten-free eaters, Craftsteak will work with you on what you can order.  Another plus for me!
4	Wanted to try because we are big fans of Tom C. and were in the mood for a good steak.  We were not disappointed.  The ribeye steak was terrific and the beef short ribs were so succulent that they were falling apart on the plate and melting in your mouth.  Although you had to order the sides seperately, they were well worth it as they were both delicious and in generous portions.   The bar also had a really extensive collection of single malt scotchs and the bartender was knowledgable, friendly and even though very busy, he took the time tell us about the different types that we might like.   He recommended his variation on the classic side car and it went perfectly with the meal.   Craftsteak will be our choice for steaks  in Vegas from  now on.
5	SALIVATING at the moment...need I say more???
4	I had gone here for my 21st Birthday dinner! I very much enjoyed the food. The Surf and Turf was what I ordered and it  was a pretty reasonable price for a restaurant of this standing. The Filet Mignon and Lobster were delicious especially with their kind of mash potatoes ( though sides are additional to your order).  Amazing Dining experience, the only thing I disliked was that it was a bit pricey. But I do recommend for a good dining experience out in Vegas for two.
5	I ate one of the most incredible meals of my life here. You know when people ask what your last meal would be? Well, this is mine now. Buttery garlicky rolls, 16 oz. cut of prime steak, honey glazed carrots, sauteed spinach, parmesan mushroom risotto, and a bottle of Rex Hill Pinot Noir at Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak. MMMMmMmm. Just slay me now. My boyfriend and I were so in love with the food we didn't even enjoy the topless show (Crazy Horse in the MGM, too) we saw immediately following because we were so full. Oops! But yea, Craftsteak is that good.
2	Let me preface this review by saying that I have eaten steak in some of the finest restaurants across the land and I recognize quailty when I taste it. I prefer my steaks rare and believe a steak cooked beyond medium rare is fit for the trashcan and not the beef connoisseur.Craftsteak was a complete disappointment to me and the rest of my party of six. I ordered their highest grade steak (Wagyu grade 10) and a basic USDA Prime steak to compare the qualities. The "Wagyu" was not nearly close to the Wagyu I've had in quailty and marbling and there was no way that it could have been a grade 10. I was substituted a low-quality, lean, pre-sliced, cold piece of steak that the waiter said was "their best" when I complained about it. He declined to do anything about it until I truly insisted that he take the steak back and strike it from my bill. The basic USDA steak was adequate, slightly overcooked, lacked a good exterior searing, more sinewy than should be expected for a $50 steak, but better than their supposed "wagyu".I give this establishment low marks for service, and definitely low marks for the food. If you're serious about steaks, this place is more hype and trendy decor than anything else.-The Beef Baron
5	Outstanding experience from beginning to end. Tom Colicchio's got it down.I was a little bummed that I missed the restaurant week menus by a day. However, my dad and I were recommended the chef's menu, which turned out to be a great deal and a whole lot of food. For $130 per person, the two of us shared: grilled prawns, 3 salads, 3 side starches, 2 wagyu steaks, and 3 desserts. I'm not usually a huge salad fan, but the frisee salad with bacon and poached egg, and the arugula with pine nuts were fantastic! The wagyu filet and ribeye were to die for. The best, most buttery steak I've ever had. They had a wonderful sear on the outside too. The mushroom risotto and sweet corn are a must get.Just when we thought we were done, completely stuffed with delicious food, out comes three desserts - the famous monkey bread, peach pavlova, and fruit sorbets. They were all amazing in their own way and worked great together. The price was steep, but this would be the place to spend your money. It was all worth it. An amazing dining experience.Service equally matched the fantastic food. Our waiter was friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. He recommended dishes to us and was right every time. The wine and beverage pourers were also super friendly. It felt like like we were in a local dining establishment, where everyone knew us. This was a fine dining steakhouse, but it was comfortable, not snooty. Overall, one of the best food experiences ever (Chez Panisse is still up there). Highly recommended.
5	We did the chefs choice with our family and we all agreed any steak we eat after that will just be a disappointment. Service was great, food was great, and the ambiance was great.  It's just a top notch place to eat if you love steak and I love steak!
5	Amazing steakhouse.  The staff was extremely friendly and picked up on any clue that we might need help with anything.  The interior was very nice, dim lighting set a very nice mood.The bread was delicious to start.  Toasted sweet rolls with a little bit of salt on top was served in a small oven tray.The salads were very well done as well.  I ordered the pepper salad which was coated in olive oil, with peppers and garlic.  It was presented very nicely and was delicious.  My girlfriend had the Arugula salad and it was equally as delicious.  It was very fresh with a nice subtle lemon dressing.The steaks were delicious.  I had the fillet mignon and it was very tender and tasty.  My girlfriend ordered the aged New York strip which was amazing as well.  The only complaint I had was my steak came out more on the medium well side when I had requested medium.  Despite this it was still a great steak and did not bother me at all.I would come back here in a heart beat.  If you are looking for a nice steakhouse in Vegas this is the place!
5	Goooooood stuff.  Started off with the lobster bisque.  So creamy, so yummy - and fresh chunks of lobster.  Perfection.  Hubby had the frisee salad with bacon, blue cheese dressing, and an egg on top.  What a delicious combo.For entrees, I had the braised short ribs and hubby had the rib eye steak. For our sides we chose the asparagus and the mushroom risotto.  My goodness, there was so much food, we couldn't finish it.  Oh we tried, but just couldn't.  My short ribs was about double the portion you would get anywhere else.  The rib eye was huge.  I'm guessing 16oz?  We hate wasting food, but ultimately we had to throw in the towel.  We didn't have a fridge in our room, and didn't want to carry it on the plane home two days later.  It was a wonderful meal in a beautiful restaurant.  Really friendly and attentive service.  Excellent food.  What more could you ask for?
5	Wanted to eat here it didn't happen.  Showed up to late.  I never seem to know what times it is especially in Vegas.   I sat at the bar and had a high priced glass of scotch.  This list of Whiskey and Scotch was amazing.  The glass was nice and the ice cube for it on the rocks was unique still haven't seen anything like it since.  One day ill be back for my expensive perfectly cooked steak.
5	Grrrrr MEAT!!!!After 12 visits in the past year, thought I should pay homage to this incredible restaurant where beef is king.The Wagyu beef tartar is incredible and honestly, the only one I have had.  After all why fill up on appetizers when you know a great steak is coming.Any of their steaks are great.  Sadly, the Japanese kobe is no longer on the menu.  The American version is almost as good.  Regular cuts of USDA prime steaks are also very tasty.  I have never ordered sides since the portions are large and again, the meat is the focus for me.The braised short ribs deserve a special mention. Soft, perfectly glazed.  Wow.The wine list is extensive. Prices are good by Vegas standards.If you're into single malt scotches, this is the place for you.  Incredible selections.  I actually had the chance to enjoy the Macallan 35 yr old, select reserve 52 yr old from 1946, and the 55 yr old that will take your breath away.  The restaurant itself is contemporary but must make mention that the bar is quite dark.  Its funny when they give you a flashlight to see the menu.  I guess they thought my lighter would burn the place down.Its always busy so make a reservation or eat at an off hour (late).
4	One of my favorite steakhouses on the strip.  Was there for prefix during restaurant week.  Unlike the other participating restaurants that gave you a list of choices to pick for your 3 course meal.  Craftsteak prefix gave you all items on the list.  4 starters, 2 steaks plus 3 sides, scallops, and dessert.  Every dish more delicious than the last.  The steaks were cooked to perfection. Definitely worth going back for more.  Next time: wagyu beef.
4	A very manly restaurant, so manly that they chop up raw steak and call it a salad. If you get the tasting menu it's enough food to feed 3 or 4 lesser men than you. The music is nothing but old black men singing about selling their souls to the devil down at the crossroads. Yay meat!
2	First off I am a huge Tom Colicchio fan. (I am watching the Top Chef DC Reunion as I start to write this) I am not sure if it because we share the same haircut or if it because we both enjoy a Cobb Salad but I just like the guy.  With that in mind, I have to say that I am deeply saddened to give our Vegas Craftsteak experience only two stars.  So you ask, "how could you slam your follicle challenged brother with such a poor review?"  In a word... SERVICE.Let me start by saying that I totally get how difficult a server's job is. I worked as a one for many years in both low and high end places.  I know that there are good days and bad days.  I always tip 20% unless something is totally off  and even then I never go below 15%.  Finally, it should be noted that we were dressed nicely (no Judas Priest T-shirts and cutoffs).I guess we were in trouble when we did not order wine.  Although the list was great, we just we not in the mood.  It seems like as soon as I handed the Wine list back, the service dropped to the Denny's level.  (I don't have a problem with Denny's too, but you get the point)  For some reason we suddenly had two servers.  It was not that it was busy (Tuesday Night) or that we were getting special service.  It was more like we got whomever was walking by at the time.  No check backs, just dish dropping and dish clearing.  Just a horrible experience.  At first I thought perhaps the B Team worked on Tuesdays but we certainly did not pay B Team prices.To wrap the longest, most boring review in the history of Yelp...  I did complain to the night manager after we paid the check.  I wanted to make it clear that we were not trying to get out of paying anything (food was great) but just that the service sucked.  She thanked us which was all we were looking for.  Tom...  You are still my man.  Perhaps you should putting on some sort of fake wig and try your place out on a Tuesday.  I think you just may will see what I am talking about.
4	Craftsteak is a high end American Steakhouse and has all the fancy (i.e. Wagu) beef options you would expect to find in such an establishment today.  It is not quite as stuffy as some of the other high end steak houses I have visited throughout this great country, but it is still upscale.  My friends both had the surf and turf and thoroughly enjoyed their meal -- steaks were cooked to temp.   Upon recommendation of the waiter (I was undecided on what I wanted) I tried the braised veal and octopus combination.   As promised the veal was fantastic, however the octopus was a tad over cooked (chewy).   Appetizers were spot on.  (Who doesn't love a cooked egg on their salad?)The wine list is extensive and can be a bit challenging for those of  us who do not have our own personal wine cellars.   8 pages of Pinot's? My ADHD kicked in around page 5.  Not to mention the pages and pages of other varietals.   Fortunately the sommelier I flagged down was very helpful and was able to help me select a nice bottle in our price range ($100) for the evening.   In the end they were out of the bottle I selected, but upgraded us to a more expensive wine from the same vineyard (at the original bottle price). Overall the service was disappointing and I expected better out of a high end steakhouse in Vegas. Notice I said "flagged down" a sommelier.  You would think that one might have appeared while I was looking through their encyclopedia-length wine list or that our server would have offered to grab one, but no.  I resorted to long stares at them and called on my powers of telepathy (just kidding about that second part - I did have to stare one down to get him to come over).    The servers were aloof and disjointed.  Plates that should have been cleared were not done promptly.  It was just a bit sloppy given the otherwise elevated caliber of the restaurant.I really love a nice steak, but if you have access to a big city with high end steakhouses there are probably more exciting things to try while in Vegas.  You can have steak when you are at home.  That said,  it was a good meal and I would go again if friends selected it.
4	The 4 stars is for the 32 oz. porterhouse we ordered that was cooked to perfection!When you make a reservation, you expect to be seated close to the time of your reservation. I didn't expect to be waiting another 30 minutes to be seated, I never even had to wait longer than 10 minutes at the Craft restaurants in NYC! We also got a 10pm reservation so when we were finally seated at our table, it was officially closing time for the restaurant. I will say that we at no point felt rushed to finish our meal... it was only at the end of our LV Craftsteak experience that I felt like we were holding up the staff from going home.Some items on the menu may change each night so don't be too surprised if you dont see something on the menu you "thought" you saw the day before. If you are a type of person who likes to know about the origin or history of something, you'll find the drinks menu an interesting read.The lobster bisque had a wonderful flavour with huge chunks of lobster. Well worth the price. We also got the prosciutto appertizer that had a super tasty fig jam accompany it. For our mains, we shared the 32 oz. dry-aged porterhouse. This was cooked exactly to our specification. The meat practically melted in your mouth! The sides were ok I guess... we ordered the mushroom risotto and the Jeruselum artichokes. Nothing to rave about there. The sides are a little overpriced but the porterhouse was well worth it (even compared to other steakhouses in Vegas). Dessert for us was the pear sorbet... hmmmm..... I've never had pear sorbet that actually had the texture of a pear. Delish!!Ok, so things have been going pretty well for now, minus the 30 minute wait at the beginning of the evening. When we finally get the check, here's where the rudeness comes in. While hubby was reviewing the check, the waiter literally came over and snatched the signed credit card receipt from his hands ("I'll take that!" he says). WTF?? So, I get that it's late and that the staff want to go home... but hell, we've paid a lot of money to eat here and it wasn't our fault that they took a 10pm reservation and only seated us at 10:30pm with a 10:30pm closing time. The moral of this review is, don't get a reservation past 9:30pm. The food is great but the help gets cranky past their bedtime.
4	Why not 5-stars you ask? The only set back was the wagyu... maybe we had different/higher expectations of what wagyu beef is. The beef tartar was flipping AMAZING! I'd go back just on this dish alone! Their wine list is impressive... several vintages of Screaming Eagle if you can shell out $4,000+/bottle. Party of two, ordered the beef tartar, 14oz black label wagyu rib-eye, 16oz dry aged new york strip, wild mushroom assortment, potato gratin, and spinach. The wagyu was very tender but we thought it should be more fatty and marbled... which it probably was and made it all so tender. But the fat content when you bite into it wasn't very apparent. I enjoy the fat on my steaks so....Damage: G.T. $450 (incld a half bottle of wine ($90))Worth trying.... at least once...
5	My dining companions arrived at 520.  Ten minutes prior to service starting.  We were escorted to the bar while the wait staff was finishing up their pre dinner preparations.  After ordering a round of cocktails and sipping those for a few minutes were introduced to our table.  Hello nice table, How are you?  I'm great, please enjoy sitting in my extremely comfortable chairs and enjoy the atmosphere.These chairs were amazing.  The leather was so soft.  After discussing a basic meal strategy, we agreed upon, a salad to start, followed by our entrees with a few sides to share.  For my salad, I ordered the frisee, warm egg and bacon salad.  OMG OMG OMG....  When I cut into that egg and all the yolk ran out onto the frisee, the blue cheese, and the bacon and I tasted it, I knew we were in for a real treat.  The bacon chunks were cooked perfectly.  All the right flavors came to the party.  Salty was there, he brought his friend Savory, and he brought his cousin Tangy.  And let me tell you, these flavors knew how to party.  The salad was big.  I tried to eat as much as I could but there was.... Well let's just say I wasn't going to be the guy who couldn't finish his steak because he went big on the salad, ok?After my two dining companions helped me polish off the remainder of the salad we started to dip into that bottle of 2006 Honig Cabernet.  This wine tasted great on its own, I couldn't wait to pair it with the Steak.  Queue the steak.  Drum roll please.......Ah yes, my I present you with la surf and turf.  A 6oz Fillet cooked to medium rare accompanied by his old friend half a Maine lobster.  It was clear that after tasting this dry aged beef and all of the amazing flavor that comes with the aging process that these folks cook with a lot of butter.  Hey, you only live once, right?  Seriously though, the steak and lobster were both cooked perfectly and I couldn't have asked for anything more.  My friends got the strip steak and the skirt steak, both of which I sampled and I'm happy to report that both tasted amazing.  The three of us split the potatoes au gratin and some maple carrots.  Each of the sides was great.  As we worked to polish off the bottle of wine, and reflected on the past weekend, I was a little sad that I was going to be leaving.  But what an amazing way to cap off a Las Vegas weekend than a wonderful dinner with great friends.
5	I was Lucky enough to have my first meal here a few days ago. If you are looking for your typical "old boys club" steak house, this is not your place. But if you are looking for an amazing and contemporary take one the steak house, go to Craft.The Frissee, Bacon, Blue cheese and soft poached egg salad is amazing. It took all my will power not to drag myself there again the very next day just to get that. Beyond that my wife and I shared the lobster in saffron butter and the Kobe skirt steak. For sides we had the pureed yukon golds and brussel sprouts. Every single item was cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of seasoning to compliment what was being served.Next time I am in Vegas, I will be heading back to Craft.
5	Let me preface this review by stating that the 5-star rating is based solely on the steak.  Other items/factors would bring down the rating, but I need to stress how freakin' good the steak is.  Ok, after obsessing over the menus of the gazillion steakhouses in vegas, I finally decided on Craftsteak for the manfriend's main b-day dinner.  My mf is the practical kind who sweats when he's treated to a pricey dinner, so although I had fantasies of feasting on the wagyu tasting menu, I thought there was no chance in hell he would agree to it.   As we discussed the menu, I assumed we would both order the surf-n-turf ($65).  That was until the smooth-talking server worked his magic and *poof*, we just ordered the Wagyu tasting menu ($130/person):Bread/butta: Warm, soft, perfect!Salads (choice of 3 mini versions):1. Warm Frisee Salad with bleu cheese dressing, bacon, and poached farm egg:  amaaaazing flavors and worth getting again.2.  Beet Salad with pickled egg: just ok.  don't care to try again.3.  Spinach salad with vinigarette: nothing specialAppetizer: Prawns were excellent and perfectly seasoned.  They were peeled except for the heads, which popped off nicely.  Served with a standard cocktail sauce, but they didn't even need it.STEAKS (cooked medium):1. 10oz. Wagyu Filet: OMG, OMG, OMG.  I probably said this 20x upon my first bite.  Mf pounded fist on table.  The meat was so rich, tender, and succulent, and the flavor was excellent.  2. 12oz. Wagyu Skirt Steak:  The meat was flavorful, and surprisingly tender.Sides:1. Mushroom Risotto:  Super creamy and rich.  Loved it2. Brussel Sprouts: Carmelized with onions. Maybe overcarmelized.3. Corn: Strong onion flavorI was not really impressed with the corn and brussel sprouts. Desserts:1. Monkey Bread: So freakin' good!  I loved this dessert, but didn't care for the banana ice cream.  It had an odd taste.  Hands down the best dessert, though.2. Sampler of gelato: just ok3. Fresh Berries/other fruit: standard4. Cheesecake: super rich and delishI also ordered a Peach Passion Cocktail ($13) that I sipped on throughout dinner.  best drink I have ever had.  It was strong with a great flavor.  Service was wonderful overall.  My only beef was my first impression of the server.  He sped by and sorta paused like talking to us was an afterthought:Server: "Y'all been here before?" Us: "No, it's our first time."Servier: "Alright, well there's been a couple changes to the menu...blah, blah, blah..."We didn't get the "Hi, my name is ____________.  Welcome to Craftsteak.  Y'all been here before?" treatment that the booth next to us got.  My mf said it's probably because we're a younger couple, but I say, "Hey, don't take us for granted."  However, the server warmed up to us and if he can convince my pei-wei loving mf to get the wagyu tasting menu, he must be doing something right.  The bill came out to $360, including tip.  All in all, excellent experience!I recommend getting the tasting menu on the first visit to sample a lot of their dishes.  However, next time we will prob go a la carte to eliminate the salads, sides, and desserts we didn't care for.
5	This is the best steakhouse I have ever had the pleasure of eating at, it is also ranked up there as some of the best service I have received in a restaurant.We only ordered a main course here as we weren't that hungry the evening we visited, but decided to go all out and order the 8oz Kobe (Wagyu) Steak served medium rare with sides of carrots and asparagus.Whilst we waited for out food to arrive we were given some fresh warm bread and butter to get our appetite going.... along with Raspberry Martini's these were poured at the table and tasted divine!!! The steaks were cooked to perfection (I wouldn't expect anything less) and the sides were really good! The staff were extremely attentive but not overbearing thorughout the whole meal constantly refilling our water and checking that everything was ok with our food. This place isn't cheap (we paid about $200 total inc Tip) but then what do you expect for the quality of the food they are serving.... there was not one thing with my whole experience here that I could pick fault with.
5	So, get this, my friend and fellow Yelper Jen F., is a vegan, but one of the only things I HAD to do while in Vegas visiting Jen F. was eat at Craftsteak.Vegan = Craftsteak = FALSE.OR SO I THOUGHT!Before making reservations we called and asked Craftsteak if they could accommodate a vegan, and with a resounding, "yes," reservations were booked.And then we found ourselves at Craftsteak, ordering drinks and perusing the menu...For me: Surf and Turf with the fillet and prawns and the Yukon gold potato puree. Monkey bread for dessert.For Mike C: The porterhouse and the Brussels sprouts sauteed with bacon. Cheesecake for dessert.For the vegan: An absolutely gorgeous vegan platter that included Jerusalem Artichokes, asparagus, mushrooms, broccolini and so many other things that Vegas' Yardaritas have erased from my memory.... Chocolate sorbet for dessert.The steaks were expertly cooked, exactly as a steak house should cook a steak. The sides were delicious, exactly as a 5-star restaurant should cook sides. The dessert was decadent and over indulgent, exactly as a restaurant in Vegas should make dessert. Craftsteak pleased the meat lovers in our group in every possible way.However, the real show stopper at the table was hands down the vegan platter that this steak house put together. I mean, my god. These vegetables were cooked so well that I, a carnivore through and through, could have had myself a vegan feast and been satisfied.The other show stopper was definitely the service; Tom Colicchio's people know how to treat you well, that's for sure.Eating a Craftsteak was definitely one of the highlights of Vegas for me! However, I have to admit, had Tom come over to my table and let me sit on his face, I would have enjoyed the experience SO MUCH MORE!
2	After many good reviews, I decided on trying Craftsteak at the MGM Grand.  My husband and I each had the surf and turf with a fillet and crab legs.  The fillets were a bit dry and overcooked. I think I had a similar steak at Outback. Nothing special. The crablegs were fine, but had too much butter. The weird thing is that nothing is plated. It is served to you in a skillet. I guess to keep the food hot, but I expected a plated dinner.  Overall, it was nothing special and the only impressive thing were the steak knives. Nice and sharp with a special spot for your index finger.
5	Had an excellent steak and braised ribs ... and an enjoyable lobster bisque.  The desert was good, and the waiter was helpful and friendly.The steak selection was one of the largest I've seen ... rangingfrom prime to wagu grade 7 to wagyu grade 10.Menu at:http://www.craftrestaurant.com/craftsteak_las_vegas_menu.php
4	I had the pleasure of enjoying a dinner at Craftsteak while in Las Vegas for a week long business trip, which meant catered meals galore. So a few friends and I snuck over to Craftsteak one night and I'm so glad we did! Everything we had was very good!We had reservations and were immediately seated at our table and served piping hot bread rolls which I jumped right into! They were warm and with the accompanying better, were a great way to start perusing the menu. The restaurant provided a few recommendations and finally we ordered a warm frisee salad and a baby beets & pickled egg salad. For our main course, we ordered a 10 oz. filet for myself, as well as the "surf & turf", which included a 6 oz. filet and your choice of scallops or lobster or prawns and so my party ordered one with the diver sea scallops and the other with the half Maine lobster. For our sides, we selected the asparagus with lemon & thyme, as well as the mushroom risotto with butternut squash.The restaurant ambiance was nice and we enjoyed a few glasses of wine while we waited for our meal to arrive. The warm frisee salad was delicious served with a farm egg right on top of the salad which was tossed with blue cheese and chunks of bacon. As simple as the salad was, it was very fresh and the taste was simply amazing and unique.. I opted not to enjoy the poached egg (not my personal preference), but someone else in my party did and loved it! The beet salad I sampled from was also very good, with a selection of red & golden beets. I considered ordering it for myself but am glad that I opted for the warm frisee salad instead as it was a better choice!Our main entrees were served shortly after and we were all impressed with our meals!  My filet was served medium well (and appropriately butterflied). Not only was it perfectly cooked, but it was truly delicious. The accompanying sides added a great touch to the meal. But the mushroom risotto with the butternut squash was to die for! It was not only a very generous serving (which I so gladly went back for seconds and thirds) but the taste was unlike any other risotto I've had. It was delicious and had I not been so full, I would have finished every last bite of it! Unfortunately, this meant no room for dessert for any of us. Oh and those that enjoyed their "surf and turf" also loved their accompanying surf items - the scallops were the best they had ever had and the lobster was also amazing.So glad I was able venture out of my business trip and truly enjoy a great meal at Crafsteak. Definitely recommend it!
1	An 8 oz. (yes, EIGHT ounce!!!) steak for $42.00!!!  The saying is true - "No one goes out of business betting against the intelligence of the American (in this case, TOURIST) population.  Stay away from this ripoff!!!
4	First off, I can't believe I just got scooped in Vegan reporting by Becky M., who posted her review a couple of days ago.  I am shamed.  I went to Craftsteak when my meat-loving friend was in town celebrating her b-day, and agreed to check out what a steakhouse could do for a vegan.I called to confirm that they could hook me up, and they totally came through!  We suspected that they'd be able to do something, considering that Tom gave the Top Chefs the challenge of cooking a vegetarian dinner.... but I was super impressed with the wide variety of options.I started with the Persian cucumber salad with watercress and ginger dressing.  Delish! Very fresh and crisp and vegan without any modifications.  Also tried the vegan roasted red pepper with sliced garlic appetizer.  Simple but the flavors paired very well.  For my dinner, they created a plate of mixed veggie sides (there are about 40 veggie sides - some are vegan, some vegetarian, and some have meat bits in them).  I had broccolini (even the meat eaters were swooning over this), sauteed spinach, grilled asparagus, grilled sweet corn niblets, chanterelle mushrooms, and fried Jerusalem artichokes.  Everything was done very well, and I got way more food than I could eat for ~$34.  I would totally suggest having someone at the table order this even if you do eat meat just so you can try a variety of sides.  Because the sides are HUGE.  Definitely enough for 2-3 people to share.  I was even able to have dessert - chocolate sorbet -- it was creamy and delicious and not too heavy after a giant dinner.I was very impressed with the staff's understanding of the vegan diet and was surprised to hear that I was the 3rd vegan there that night! So despite what people have said in reviews below, you SHOULD go here if you're vegan or vegetarian.Everything was pretty reasonably priced considering the size of the dishes and the fact that it's the Strip.  We had 3 salads, my vegan plate, two meat entrees + two sides, 3 desserts and multiple cocktails and our bill was around $350 (thanks to Becky, who was my sugar momma that night!).
4	So very, very good. The steaks are excellent, and the Grade 7 Wagyu beef ribeye was worth the $105 pricetag if you truly love meat the way that I do. The sides are also fabulous - butternut squash, kale with pine nuts and white beans, french fries and chanterelle mushrooms were all yum yum yum. Somehow, I took down my 14-ounce steak and all of these sides without a problem, even after enjoying three of the deliciously buttery, salty dinner rolls. The key, I have decided is not to waste your time on starters or dessert. My table skipped the former, but we got suckered into dessert (mostly because we really wanted it)...and that was a bit of a disappointment. The Chocolate Ganache was too bittersweet (even if that is your preference, as it is mine) and dry, and the Cinnamon Monkey Bread was good, but not enough to stand on its own.Service was well-guided, though they have a tendency to want to clear the plates before you're done - annoying. And one server in particular didn't listen all that well...you know when you can just tell somebody is rushing to finish your sentence or answer the question you haven't yet finished asking? But all in all, a very good dining experience. Note: I would be pissed if I was not seated in the actual restaurant (which is huge), but rather, the bar area or outside in the mall. Hopefully, they reserve these less desirable seats for those who have not made reservations?
5	So good. Had the the best poured Kir Royale at the bar while waiting for my table. Meal was 5 stars all the way. I had the bone in rib eye and it was delish. Side orders were equally yummy, the risotto was can't miss. I can't wait to come back with my fellow meat lovers.
4	This is an incredible dining experience,avoid with large groups though.CraftSteak wants NOTHING to do with your large groups.  I have dined at Craft four times this year, and have left everytime with a new take on what it means to feel pleasure (Yes, its that good).  I recently tried setting up a dinner for a bachelor party, I had 14 friends in town for the weekend.  Not only did I have to call many times to get a hold of someone about the reservation, they ultimately told me this:--We need a $500 deposit which will be used toward the bill, $150 booking fee (non-refundable or applicable to any of the bill) and a pre-selected menu-They would not budge from this absurd approach.  Instead of welcoming the business of 15 people twenty-somethings with disposable income and an appreciation for Tom Colicchio's work, we dined elsewhere.Amazing service with informed and perceptive staff.  Wonderful wine list and martini menu.  The Chef's tasting is the best way to experience CraftSteak.  The tasting which includes appetizers, steak, sides, and desserts, can be tailored to your table.  Be sure to get the Vinciotto Quail, Frisee salad with house cured bacon and bleu cheese dressing, Yukon Gold Puree, and Monkey Bread with dessert.Steak---There are a few different grades of Wagyu beef on the menu to choose from.  If you are not familiar with wagyu beef I will explain it this way.  The better the life of the cow, the better the steak tastes.  Cattle that can be called wagyu live like billionaires.  They are fed well, massaged daily, loved and nurtured.  The restaurant is masterfully decorated in rustic earth tones with copper accents and hand blown glass ornamentations.  It is understated, yet perfectly executed just like the food.  Many in the food world have created splendid wine and food pairings, greatly elevating the dining experience.  If I could offer a suggestion to pair well with the ambience of CraftSteak, I would recommend a spicy heritage, or a gin martini.  Perfect.This is not a place for 99% of Americans to dine nightly, as it is expensive.  Make the trip, and enjoy this meal at least one time in your life.  You will forever salivate at the memory of how good food can be.
5	The wagyu was to die for!  like if i had a last meal, this might be it!  the meat was succulent, savory, and buttery.  i didn't want to swallow my bites, as it would mean I was getting closer to finishing it.Diva Chef Tom Collichio is a f-ing diva for a reason!  He has put heaven on a plate and served it.Altho the meal was the priciest meal, I've ever had, it's also been the most worthwhile.  Would definitely go again!
3	We were so excited to come here for dinner! After all the raving reviews and the hype, we were sure that excellent steak will be part of our evening. We ordered the wagyu rib eye that's very reasonably priced. The wagyu was a slight disappointment - you would expect the marbly fat, rich taste, and melt-in-your-mouth type of feeling. I don't recall feeling any of that during dinner. However, it was a descent piece of meat, and although I won't be trying the wagyu again, maybe a regular piece of meat will do for next time. For the wagyu, I'll still be hitting up CUT in the Palazzo. Some other tips/info:- mushroom sampler - awesome if you are a mushroom fan!- sunchoke - what a surprise - still can't really describe what it is since it was our first time having it, but we loved it - it's a must get- service was spectacular!- great wine selection
5	Level 7 gold label wagyu beef!  Sounds like I'm trying to level up a bottle of Johnny WaIker.  What the hell does that mean???  Dont know, but god damn it it's so freaking amazing.  I consider myself to be well versed on steakhouses, but I'm not sure I will ever have steak that will top this.  I don't care what the price is.  100% worth it!
5	my boyfriend took me here on a date. we were both trying this place for the first time. their interior design is modern-contemporary laced with a crafty design, nicely dimmed,  but we had the best seats in the house. in between bar and set dining area.  i swear the seats had silky egyptian pillows. so comfy i could take a nap. there are few tv's so we can watch the lakers game. i ordered a 6oz prime filet mignon, while he ordered a surf and turf. they serve it on sizzling platter. mmmm. we also ordered a side of roasted garlic and leek gratin and side of asparagus seasoned to perfection. then we topped our amazing meal off with their homemade  orange sorbet. the food and our server was amazing. they took care of us as they knew it was our first time coming to Craftsteak. if you're in the area, trust in their meat. they describe and compare the difference between each main course.
4	An incredible dining experience. The steak (Wagyu chef's tasting) was amazing and perfectly cooked. The apps were all quite good and I had perhaps the best bowl of lobster bisque I've ever tasted.The only thing keeping it from 5 stars was that you definitely pay for the experience. If you're in the mood for great steak though, this is the place to go.I'd highly recommend it, and definitely plan to go back.
4	Had steak tasting menu for four and it was awesome. Skirt steak and filet were the best. If you've 4 people I suggest you get steak for 3 instead as food was too much. Dessert was also awesome. Coffee was great too! Excellent service. Would go back for sure.
4	Yes, the steaks here are crazy delicious - you can't go wrong with that.  But if you come here w/ a bunch of friends and want to try some of their other dishes, don't miss the scallops! Perfectly seared and served with shaved fennel and a delicious sauce - hands down the best scallops I've ever had.
5	Got the Wagu family special... five peeps in, about $125 per person.. includes five variety of steak, salad, app, desert, etc..  I will tell you the Filet Mignon was the 2nd best steak I've ever had...  2nd only to their Rib Eye.Are you @(!)#*!)(#(@)!)# kidding me?  I still can't get over how amazing this steak was.  Beyond that we got us some amazing service.  I can't tell you how pleased I was with the experience... well outside from paying the tab.  But so it is.  If you're a steak house aficionado... put this on your bucket list... and than go again.
2	Do you have any idea how frustrating it is to cut a $50 ribeye with a dull steak knife?  My only memory of this place is having to saw my steak.
5	Wow, Craftsteak deserves the full 5 stars. We had a 5:30 p.m. reservation as we were seeing a 7 p.m. show. They immediately seated us, no wait! The interior of the restaurant is simply elegant. The entire wait staff was efficient, friendly, helpful without being intrusive. The recommendations were spot on and honest. As soon as our waiter came over to take our drink order, he acknowledged our show time and assured us they would have us out in plenty of time, and they did.So here goes the food...... Start with rolls, fresh, hot out of the oven melt in your mouth fabulous.Starters:Mr. B started with the Lobster Bisque, it was cream based, delicious, full of tender chunks of lobster.I started with the Buffalo Mozzarella with pistachio's, amazing. The Buffalo Mozzarella was creamy topped with finely chopped tomatoes and pistachio's which added a nice crunch. Drizzled with a Balsamic Vinegar and a tad bit of olive oil.Main Course/Side DishesMr. B then opted for the 6 oz. Filet and Fresh Australian Crab. The steak was perfectly cooked, the Crab well after Deadliest Catch we all have more appreciation for Crab, and it didn't disappoint, Yum!!The Younger B, chose the Bison Flatiron and I can't even begin to tell you how incredible the Bison was, both of them shared a bit with me. The side dish he ordered was the butternut squash risotto served with Hen of the Woods, which is a mix of unusual mushrooms. It didn't last long, gone in less than 60 seconds.Now for me, yes I know I can't top the other two, but I went the light route and ordered the side dish of Fall Squash Agnolotti, topped with mushrooms. It was very good and I enjoyed each and every bite.The wine was delicious, and we all agreed it is by far one of the best meals we have enjoyed in a very long time. My compliments to the Chef and thank you to Tom Collichio for setting the bar so high, you have created a fabulous restaurant.I will tell you, it is quite pricey, so know this before going. The wines by the glass are all over $12 per glass, the steaks are all over $35 and the side dishes are ala carte and priced anywhere between $12 and $15. All I can say is it was very well worth it and I can't wait to go back.
3	This place oozes so much class I thought they would call me "Sir".  And then ask me to leave.  Most restaurants in Vegas have the diners in full view of people passing by; not this joint.  You get ushered into a huge dimly lit back area with multiple stations, large booths and casual areas as well.  They had a person going around and taking pictures of diners to create memory books.  I didn't know what to make of it.  I saw one woman convince her reluctant husband to buy it.  I wanted to take the picture and see how much it would cost for us to cherish the memories in official form, but my better half shooed away the phtographer.  I was slightly but noticeably disappointed.We had the American Kobe menu, which we knew we would have going in, but asked the waiter to explain it anyways.  I mean the head waiter, not the assistant waiter, bus boy or water boy.  Division of labor here would have any union proud.  The sheer number of people attending to you adds alot to both the experience and the bill; and the experience of getting the bill here is unforgettable.  The kobe tartare was strange but grew on me.  Raw beef on crackers?  I guess eating spoonfuls of raw beef just wasn't classy enough.  I avoided all the mushrooms but the peppers were fine.  When our entrees and sides came out we weren't quite ready to part with the appetizers , so we had them leave everything on the table.  That was a sight, since I think every inch of our table was covered by a plate with food in it.  The meat was served in small skillets and diced up for you, which was odd but makes sense in the context we were sharing.  It was an American Kobe rib eye and skirt steak, medium rare.  Oddly enough the skirt steak was much more flavorful.  I suspect they used more seasoning since its a tougher cut, and the ribeye should be able to stand on its own.  Both steaks were cooked well and tender and sitting in its own juices.I'm going to have to go after Official Japanese Wagyu Kobe beef from the Hyogo prefecture some day, because I would not say there's a huge difference in quality from moving from Prime to American Kobe.  That last frontier has my credit card shaking though. I don't think we ate much more than half of anything brought to us before we were stuffed.  They brought us so much food and there was so much left on our table it was mildly embarassing.  The desserts were great, but once again we were done in by too much food.  Unfortunately, I was a bit underwhelmed by the steak though.  The steak we took home in a doggy bag got fed to my wife's dog.  And I wasn't that disappointed to miss out on it.
5	Wagyu gold label ftw!  It helps that I didn't have to pay for this succulent meal, but the beef was as good as I've had in Vegas.  I still prefer DelMonicos in Vegas and Mastros in LA but overall it was a great meal with the short ribs being sublime.
5	I JUST HAD THE BEST MEAL OF MY LIFE. asdfklj;asdfjklasjdfkl;aksfjkl;asdfkjl;k;j okay my word vomit begins now:Ate here for my 21st bday dinner... I have to admit I'm a HUGE Tom Colicchio fan so that was what brought me here...AFTER EATING HERE, I LOVE TOM COLICCHIO THAT MUCH MORE.For starters, I had the MOZZARELLA with roma tomatoes and hazelnuts. SO DELICIOUS. My mom got this FRIED GOAT CHEESE WITH BEETS salad and IT WAS SOOOOO NOM. The cheese was just OOZING and complimented the beets perfectly. I'm normally not a beets person but I LOVED THIS!!! ENTREE: My mom and I got the 24-HOUR BRAISED SHORT RIBS. OHHHH MYYYY GODDDD. These babies melted in my mouth. Literally. SOOOOO TENDER. And they give you a HUGE slab. HUGE!!!!! Yes, Craftsteak is pricey, but unlike other "fine dining" eateries I've been to, their portions actually made me FULL and this was worth EVERY PENNY. My sister got the kurobota porkchop, which was quite delicious too, but I suggest sticking to their forte- their beef entrees. My dad got the filet mignon which, I quote unquote, was "the best filet I've ever had." Wow and my dad has had a lot of filets in his lifetime. THAT'S SAYING SOMETHING. SIDES: Yukon Gold Potato Puree with Chives- IDK how much butter they use in this thing, maybe I don't wanna know but it was incredibly NOM. It's puree, so it's not chunky like mashed potatoes. It's smooth and buttery and just compliments the meat!!! Spinach- super fresh spinach roasted with olive oil... pretty simple but I love spinach and this was DELICIOUS.DESSERT: I was wayyyyyy too stuffed to order my own dessert but my sister got a combo of SPICED APPLE CIDER SORBET + CHAI CHOCOLATE CHIP GELATO. Yes, the gelato/sorbets are $6 for 2 scoops which is pretty good considering most places only give you one scoop for the same price. We were having a hard time deciding which one to get so our waiter said we could have one scoop of each!! how nice. These flavors were unique and quite delicious! The apple cider sorbet was so refreshing and got me feeling quite the holiday spirit. The service was fast, our waiter was friendly and our water was always refilled. The next dish always came out at the perfect moment- not too soon after the previous, but not too long where you get angry. Bottom line: I LOVE YOU CRAFTSTEAKHOUSE.
5	yea the food is the best in the world!!! if u want better service go harass your wife! if you want a better scene get it to go and find a remote place under the stars! but the food is so good this i hope will be my last meal!!! the grade ten was the best iv ever had and im not a red meat guy at all but thank you tom things have changed and the yukon gold potato puree was to die for trying to make at home not going well, cant wait for his new book. been here twice in the last few months and going twice more in december,  FYI no one cares to hear how u didn't get waited on cause for all we know it was something you did to piss off your waiter and the place get it to go and eat where u like the only thing u need to put is the food im 22 and not that hip but nice place to eat some people think it supposed to be a club or something i don't get it or maybe they were expecting the private balcony on the roof right, the service was great both times i went had the same waiter francisco was great hope he is there next time but still like 6 people wait on you here so if your feel like service sucks let me tell you its proly ur attitude get over the prices or get drunk, which reminds me the only thing this place is missing is good drinks but wtf water is great to rinse ur pallet. good tequila La Fortaleza would be great but i know u got to make some money commercial cheap patron. i love to sit and watch peoples expressions when they see the prices :) never knew who TOM COLICCHIO was before i eat here now i know. if you eat here get best! not a single complaint and find it hard to believe so many people's BS reviews they sugar coat it like whats the real reason u don't like it? the food service and dining area were not up to par and u can notice all this with out eating here, there in the MGM walk down the mall see what its like! the italian place next to them is great too! and open late.
3	Sadly, we were very disappointed with my husband's steak.  He ordered the wagyu ribeye.  It was chewy, lacked flavor and something was definitely wrong with it.  We aren't usually the kind of people to complain, but at that price, the lack of quality meat was completely unacceptable. The wagyu skirt steak, on the other hand, was amazing.  We also really enjoyed the broccolini.  The lobster bisque was creamy and pretty good, and the wagyu tar tar was unlike anything we've ever eaten.The wandering photographer added an unnecessary cheese factor that absolutely didn't belong in such a nice place.
5	The second time was even better than the first!  The dining experience I had with my boyfriend was AMAZING.  We wanted to treat ourselves to a nice dinner on our last night in Vegas.  We decided to go all out and get the Chef's Beef Selection three course menu.  We opted for the Wagyu Beef which is $130/person.  I got the ribeye and my boyfriend got the NY strip.  The meal includes three appetizers (must get the Lobster Bisque!), Pacific Blue Shrimp appetizer, three sides, and a huge dessert assortment.  The food was amazing and the service was impeccable.  Craftsteak is a restaurant I always recommend to my friends when they go to Vegas.
3	I was really excited to eat here, but was really let down.We ate here right before we saw Ka.  For appetizers we got the frisee salad and the lobster bisque.  DELICIOUS.  The frisee had big chunks of bacon and the broken yolk  made the bacon taste 10x better.  We order a half bottle of red wine that was well worth the price too.  My like for Craftsteak ends here.   I got the flat iron steak and tried the surf and turf (ribeye and lobster tail), I can honestly say I've had better.  I'm from Texas and we've got plenty of good beef here. I was disappointed in the rolls since I heard so much rave about them, they were good but nothing special.  Have you ever had a yeast roll from Hartz Chicken?  If yes, then you've had a roll from Craftsteak.  I wish I could say more about this place.
5	Went with a 4 person party on Veteran's day weekend. Outstanding service. Tasteful decor for a romantic evening. The meal was impressive. 3 Course Wagyu grade 7 is a must. Appetizers were good but not great. The Kobe tartar stood out from the others. The steaks were outstanding. Girls didn't like the overly-buttery mashed potatoes. The wild mushroom risotto was probably the best side of the night. They waiters treat you like royalty. One of the best meals ive had.
2	Side dishes were good but the New York strip was the worst I ever had! Very disappointing this type of restaurant should be top notch- skip it.
5	"I was 32 when I started cooking; up until then, I just ate." - Julia Child"Great food is like great sex.  The more you have the more you want." - Gael Greene Do you remember the last moment in your life that brought you great joy? That awesome Christmas present? The raise at work? The new car?Now think about it, what was the last MEAL that brought you great joy?Mine was Craftsteak.I had the pleasure of dining with three of my closest friends, whom I introduced the thought of Craftsteak to. I had only heard and read about their signature plate, the Japanese Grill Kobe Wagyu Skirt Steak. Today was the day I found out truly what was in store for me. As we toured the menu, it was thought that we were going to order A'la Carte. But in my mind I knew better than that and decided to simply ask, "What do you recommend we do?" They suggested that the four of us partake in the Grade 7 Surf and Turf. It was to be a feast that we would not regret. It would take forever to describe each dish, but to have an idea of what to expect:First Course: Parker House Rolls with Flaked Sea Salt and salted butter; Persian Cucumber, Watercress, and Ginger salad; Heirloom Tomatoes with Olive Oil and Basil; Wagyu Beef Tartare with Crostini; Pacific Blue Prawns (a la plancha).Favorite Starter - Wagyu Beef Tartare. The wagyu beef tartare was phenomenal. The seasoning had the right amount of saltiness, and the beef's texture was not fatty or mushy, but soft and delicate. Paired with the crunchiness of the hot crostinis, I would go back just to order this alone. Truly fabulous.Main Course: "Black label" Grade 7 Wagyu Beef Filet Mignon, Ribeye, and Skirt Steak; Lobster in saffron butter, grilled asparagus with lemon and thyme, roasted fingerling potatoes with rosemary, assorted mushrooms (hen of the woods, organic baby shiitake, white shimeji, and golden chanterelle).Favorite Entree - Wagyu Skirt Steak. Perfectly cooked, well seasoned and it absolutely explodes flavor into your mouth. Was the ribeye good? Yes, and so was the filet. But those two steaks paled in comparison that the skirt offers. You are doing yourself a disservice if you come here and you don't eat this. Favorite side - Mushrooms - They complimented the steaks beautifully and the assortment was superb. They were not soggy or overcooked and were a perfect side to the steaks. I do hope on trying the Yukon Gold Mashed Potatoes next time I am there.Dessert: Sorbet sampler (concord grape, apple cider, melon, and asian pear); Cinnamon monkey bread with pecan toffee and cajeta ice cream; vanilla bean cheesecake with blueberry compote and semolina tuile; chocolate ganache cake with cocoa nib brittle and sweet cream; warm apple fritters with spiced sugar and apple cider caramel; fresh fruit platter (rocky sweet melon, brown turkey figs, and cho juro asian pears).Favorite Dessert - Monkey Bread - The monkey bread was not a dessert that exuded elegance or fine dining in the traditional term. But it was delicious and so comforting, especially after such a robust meal, that for me, it brought back those feelings you have as a kid. Flaky, sweet, with the right amount of cinnamon and sugar. The pecan toffee just knocked it out of the park. I could sit here all day and talk about how delicious the meal was. But it was more than that. Eating at Craftsteak was an absolute privilege and I am so happy that I had the opportunity to eat there, and I'm very much looking forward to it again the next time I'm in Las Vegas.TLDR: Wagyu Beef Tartare was exemplary. Wagyu Skirt Steak blew away the Ribeye and Filet Mignon. Monkey Bread is out of this world. Superb service. Simply put, the Grade 7 Wagyu Surf and Turf was worth every penny and you are doing yourself a disservice by not coming here. EAT THERE NOW.
4	Better than expected for Las Vegas.  The produce is top notch for a "steak house" and a highlight of the meal. The dry-aged NY steak and simply seasoned with salt and pepper was one of the best I ever had.  I am definitely a fan.  The one thing that needs improvement is the front of the house hostesses who were not as polished as one expects from a gourmet restaurant.
4	Great place! I had the lobster soup and a rib eye with a side dish of roasted garlic potatotes. Simple and delicious food. Loved it. The dessert (cinammon bun with icecream) was wonderful.
5	The best roasted chicken I've had .. EVER. If you want to splurge this is a place that should make your list.
5	WHO: Me and my boyfriendWHY: Our 4th year anniversaryThis visit makes it our 3rd visit at Craftsteak and all I can say is I've been consistently pleased with the food items I've ordered and the service I've had. Me and the bf were seated in a comfy booth, which I requested when I previously made our reservation online on MGM's website.  Our server introduced himself and also wished us a happy anniversary.  **On a sidenote, I mentioned this detail in my online reservation and so I'm pretty sure he was aware of that detail since we didn't specifically tell him of our occasion.**  We placed our drink orders: my bf ordered a Martini and I ordered a Champagne Martini.  A lady carrying a large professional camera then came up to us and asked if we wanted our picture taken.  We said sure and for the next minute or so, I felt like we were at a photo studio with the poses she suggested we do and the bright flash going off every other second.  She told us she'd bring the photos back later for us to look at and with that she left.  Our drinks came out along with the cute mini bread loaf and butter. By this time we already knew what to order: -No appetizer since 2 side dishes and our entrees would be more than enough for the both of us-2 Side Dishes: the Roasted Garlic and Leek Gratin & the Roasted Corn -Entrees: the 8oz Wagyu Beef (medium) for me & the 10oz Wagyu Beef (medium well) for the bfBy the time our order was brought out, we had also ordered a 2nd round of drinks.  The past 2 times we've eaten here, we've always ordered the Leek Gratin because of its creamy garlicky deliciousness.  We had never eaten leeks until Craftsteak, but the boatload of butter, cream and roasted garlic added to the dish and you might not realize you are eating leeks cuz its that damn good.   The past 2 times we've been to Craftsteak we've ordered the spinach which is good, but not great and so we settled on the Roasted Corn...it easily became our 2nd side dish for future visits. Our steaks were cooked to perfection, tasted lovely, as usual, and easily devoured. I was also completely surprised at how my champagne martini paired well with my meal.  The champagne's bubbliness cut through the heaviness of the rich gratin and meaty steak. At the end of our dinner, our server asked if we wanted any dessert.  When we said no, he kept jokingly asking us if we were really sure.  We told him we were happily stuffed and couldn't fit anything else in our bellies.  He left and a few minutes later he presented us with a small plate of bite-sized sweets and the words "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate on the plate.  OMG, super cute and super sweet!No sooner had he left, when the lady who took our photos presented us with different photos and an option to purchase a (cheesy) pleather album containing our choice of any 2 photos.  Since the photos did come out cute, I picked the 2 photos while the bf handled the cost.  The grand total for this pleather album with 2 photos?????  $85. Yes, $85 for 2 pictures in a cheesy black pleather album.  However, given that we were in Vegas, on our anniversary, and presented with great looking photos of the both of us together we couldn't say no.  As a 'freebie' the lady threw in 2 wallet sized pictures also in a cheesy pleather wallet carrier.  Long review short: I love the service. I love the drinks. I love the food.And apparently...I love their $85 photos!
3	I am so sad to write this review but as a few reviewers have already noted that the service and the steak are not consistently good.My husband and I came in VERY excited to be back b/c we both had been for bachelor/bachelorette parties but never alone. We had a couple of complaints:1) Our meal wasn't paced. The server opened our wine immediately but didn't follow up with the bread. We had to ask for the bread and then our food came out very quickly afterwards.2) This all would have been fine but we ordered the Wagyu ribeye and it fell flat. My previous experience with that cut was amazing but this was meh... The caesar salad, bread, sides and monkey bread was delish but the star dish just didn't shine. :(I would give it one more shot (doing the regular rib eye therefore reducing cost & enjoying the delish sides) but if you're set to do one super nice meal in Vegas, I'd do Le Cirque. Their service was top notch as was their food. It was a bit stuffy but you can liven it up depending on the party. :)
5	I brought my parents here while they were in town, and just like all the other times, it was perfect!We ordered the Wagyu tasting menu, and enjoyed every bite, as always.What further solidifies Craftsteak as a 5 star steakhouse for me is what happened during our experience.Marvin, our waiter and the wine steward was fantastic.  He helped us pick out some very nice cabernet Sauvignon.  When we told him we weren't sure what we wanted, he brought a few bottles and poured us "healthy" tastings.  He was knowledgable and friendly, and found us a perfect pairing.We had asked that some of our unfinished delicious be wrapped as they cleared our plates.  At the end of our meal, another server came to our table and told us the following:  "There was  a mixup and your to-go food was thrown out, so the chef prepared everything you had fresh."  We were given brand new food neatly prepared and packaged, they handled the situation perfectly.CraftSteak continues to be one of the best restaurants in town.
2	Took the BF here in October. I went here in June but didn't get to actually eat dinner. I just had some oysters and a caeser salad, both of which were good. However, I was much more impressed with their fresh bread rolls, baked fresh, brushed with butter and topped with salt. I also had a bite of my friend's salmon -which was perfectly cooked with a very crispy skin! Soo... I was REALLY excited to eat at Tom Colicchio's Craft but unfortunately, my meal was just okay. The bf ordered the filet, I had the salmon w/ lentils, and we had a side of gratin potatoes and a caprese salad. Bread rolls: As good as I remembered the first time. They melt in your mouth. Caprese salad: good but the ratios were just slightly off Salmon: Perfectly cooked, but no crispy skin. The lentils were well cooked, especially since I don't ever find them done well in non-Indian restaurants. However, this salmon was nothing spectacular...Not, however much I paid for it spectacular! Filet: I tried a bite of my bf's filet and it was medium-rare and juicy, but for some reason, I'd prefer to have gone to N9NE. I think it's hard to beat Dallas for steak -compared to Del Frisco's or Bob's or Steve Field's. Gratin Potatoes: These were really really bad and bland. I think they were made with some leeks and fennel which could have been great but they really messed it up. Yuck. Service: The last time I was here, we had great service. But this time, it was terrible. We waited so long we had to call for a waiter... We saw many people get served bread rolls before us and we were ignored a majority of the night. Maybe they thought a pair of "kids" shouldn't be eating there...  Would I eat here again? No, I can probably make bread rolls myself... If im in LV and craving steak I'm going to N9NE in the Palms or Strip House in Planet Hollywood.
5	This was truly the best meal I have ever had! I ordered the Domestic wagyu ribeye and it was out of this world. The asparagus was not anything special but the wild mushroom risotto totally made up for it. The service was great the atmosphere was very high class and I will defiantly return next time I am in Vegas. I now live in Texas and can not wait to try Tom Colicchio's Craft in Dallas.
2	Celebrity is best left for TV:Let me start by saying that I'm not one of those people expecting the moon from restaurants. I have a lot of tolerance. 2 stars is because it was below Applebees in quality, service, price and ambiance.If you've been to Craft you will notice that there are 3 tables that are situated in the hallway of the casino. Our party got that table and the restaurant gave us a round of drinks because we wanted to move. This tells me that the situation happens so often with disappointment in these tables, that the policy is free drinks automatically. So our ambiance was half hallway in front of the bathrooms.We didn't cheap out. We got a mix of steaks from the high end black label wagyu to the $50 steaks on the menu. We also got 4 side dishes. The Kale was way too salty. We barely touched the side dishes. The ladies in our group got the Filet Mignon, men got Ribeye and Black label Wagyu. The ribeye wasn't any better than store bought and home grilled. The Wagyu was good. The Filet Mignon was intolerable! Bland, needing salt, dry, and tasting like ground beef.Tom Colicchio should be ashamed. We were drilling the waitstaff on Tom Colicchio's visits to the restaurant and we found out he had only been there one time in the last year because a chef was promoted. That is pretty much what I figured.The worst places are often the celebrity chefs. They are too busy being on TV to manage the food experience they are selling. To round it off, our service was below average. Drinks were slow to be replaced and our waitress was kind of a drag to be around. No good.
4	We were in Vegas for Christmas this year and did our Christmas evening dinner at Craftsteak.  After a martini to start, we went for the wagyu surf and turf for two.  It started with the hot rolls which were excellent.  Followed by buffalo mozzarella with roasted red peppers, a spinach salad, the wagyu tartare which was divine, and they were kind enough to sub six Olde Salt oysters for the prawns.  Next came our bottle of wine and the main course of a wagyu skirt steak that was overcooked with way too much sauce on it, a perfectly cooked and melt-in-your-mouth delicious ribeye, and what appeared to be almost a full lobster in a wonderful taragon butter sauce.  Along with the meat came three side dishes......brussel sprouts with smoked bacon.  Hated those.  Never liked them as a kid and still don't.  I don't care how much bacon you cook them with they still taste bad.  I wish I would have known that was going to be an option and I would have insisted against them.  The potato puree was wonderful and the assorted mushrooms were alright. But with as much food as was on the table ti didn't bother me a bit that I only really liked one of the sides.When they said they'd bring a desert sampling I had no idea we were in for 3 plates of desert.  Vanilla bean cheesecake, a sorbet sampler, and a plate of monkey bread with cinnamon ice cream that was heavenly.  We also had a bottle of wine with dinner, followed by a Macallan scotch flight that we shared and two cups of coffee.  We almost had to be rolled out of there.  The good:--Most of the food was excellent--The atmosphere was classy without being stuffy--The waiters were top notch and handled everything perfectly--The blues music was a nice touchThe bad:--I hate these restaurants that put tables against a bench and the other side gets chairs.  This is not Dennys!  For this kind of $$ I want my own table and a little privacy.  We could clearly hear the conversations at the tables on either side of us.  It was very annoying.--The price........holy cow Batman!  $640 after the tip.  For two people.  I freely admit that it was a LOT of food.  But $640?  Maybe if it was hand prepared by Tom Coicchio himself.  But it wasn't.  It was good but it wasn't that good!If they cut their prices by a quarter to a third, I would have been very happy.  If we decide to go back we'll bypass the tasting menu and order a la carte.
5	This is quite possibly the best meal that I have eaten. I had the buffalo steak with a side of mushroom risotto. The steak was so lean and tender and the risotto was so creamy and delicious that I didn't want to share. The steak was cooked medium and showed up in a small dutch pan with the risotto in a small pot. The steak was so well cooked and seasoned and the mushrooms in the risotto were cooked crisp. I absolutely loved everything. The restaurant is rad. About 300 low watt light bulbs hung from the ceiling and gave the place a low, warm, amber glow. The staff was extremely pleasant and very helpful/knowledgeable. I would definitely eat here again. The price is a little bit high, the steak was about $35, but it was completely worth it. This restaurant should be a model to every single restaurant in the country. It should show that food can be cooked very well. Let me tell you, many restaurants could hugely benefit from that lesson. Everybody should give this place a try at least once in their lives. Treat yourself once to a meal that you will not forget.
3	This is really a 3.5 star review.  The food was solid, not great, but no actual complaints.  Service went from non-existent to a little on the overkill side.  I wonder if my taking notes and pictures had anything to do with that.  Even though I had a reservation, I was seated in the bar/lounge area.  It was very dark and I didn't appreciate every customer walking past me as they entered or exited the restaurant.  The hostess steered me away from the tasting menu since I was dining alone. She boasted about the short ribs and Kobe beef.  Since I new Japan wasn't exporting Kobe anymore, I asked her if it was American or Australian Kobe.  She seemed surprised at my question, but eventually explained that it was Australian.  I was sitting there for 15 minutes before someone offered me a drink.  Once my server, Rachel, brought me water, my lack of service took at 180 degree turn for the better.  She asked me if I had any time constraints, like seeing a show, that she needed to know about.  The parker house rolls topped with clarified butter and sea salt were good.  I could've eaten the whole cast iron pan of them, if I didn't pace myself.  I started with a bowl of rich lobster bisque.  There were nine big chunks of tender lobster meat (yes I actually counted) in the large bowl.  That was a healthy portion size.  I was impressed.  I opted for the house special 24 hour braised short rib, which was served in a copper pot.  The meat was super tender, but flavor-wise was just fine.  I tried a half portion size of the braised brussel sprouts and smoked bacon.  The larger brussel sprouts still had a nice bite, but the smaller ones were too soft.  Rachel, another server, the hostess, and the manager all checked in on me at least once while I was eating.  I decided to go simple for dessert and had the vanilla ice cream that was made on the premises.  It was creamy, you could see the beans, and it had a nice vanilla flavor.  My dinner at Craftsteak started off poorly, but they managed to turn it around.  The food was good, and overall service was better than average.  Rachel packed up my leftovers, gave me a whole new batch of rolls, and include plasticware so that I could eat the rest later.
5	This is your typical steak house, plus some. The atmosphere was cool, with subdued lighting and leather seating. The tables are large, almost too large, but allowed for plenty of room when the food started coming out! They have a classic cocktail menu, and don't skimp on the alcohol. I had a Moscow mule to start, and my husband had a smokey martini, with scotch and vodka. I started with the lobster bisque. It was amazing! There was so much lobster meat in that soup and it was so rich, a great way to start the meal. My husband started with the seasonal oysters. Can't go wrong with oysters! For entrees I had the dry aged strip steak and my husband had the bison steak. The steaks were cooked perfectly. We also had the roasted heirloom cauliflower and farro for side dishes. We really did not need 2 side dishes. There was so much food! Not only was the food great, but the portion sizes were much larger than either of us expected. We did leave room for dessert, and split a couple of scoops of ice cream. Overall this was a great meal, but a definite splurge. We each had a cocktail, and 1 glass of wine each and our total bill was around $240, including tip.
5	Amazing!  They literally do everything right!  The service, the food, and every detail is impeccable! We had the caesar salad, rib-eye, fingerling potatoes, and vanilla bean ice-cream.  We also had an amazing bottle of Katheryn Hall wine that was recommended.  Don't miss this place in Vegas! We can't wait to go back.
5	My husband and I had our small wedding reception here (30 people) following our vows at the Forever Grand Wedding Chapel at the MGM. We had diver scallops, arugula & pecorino salad, proscuitto San Daniele, grilled Pacific prawns, shortribs, the flat iron steak, roasted free range chicken, pureed potatoes, asparagus, shitake mushrooms and carrots. Everything was delicious and a month later we are still getting thanks for such a wonderful dinner. Next time we are in Vegas we will be sure to visit again. The only complaint I have is that while the rest of the restaurant's decor is nice, the private rooms are a bit bland.
4	Fantastic!  There was six of us so we decided to do the 3 course meal, family style.  We started off with some beef tartare, a frisee salad, shrimp, and buffalo mozzarella, all of which were superb.  Then we were served 5 different cuts of steak, although I only had the filet mignon (medium) which was good.  Lastly, we were served a bunch of desserts, here I would recommend the cheese cake.  Soooooo yummy, by far the best I've had.  I only gave it four stars because the steak, or main course, could have been better..
4	I'm not a big eater of steak, so when I eat steak, it better be good. Craftsteak had the holy trifecta of steakhouse goodness--a wide selection of choices w.r.t steak (i.e. every cut, size, and cooking style you could want), delicious sides, and a hearty wine list. As I ate my braised short ribs (cooked for many hours in a low simmer of fatty goodness), sipped my malbec, and partook of the fingerling potatoes / baby spinach / kale / chanterelle mushrooms in the center of our table, I found myself drifting into a blissful state. The decorations are reminiscent of Chicago steakhouses--heavy on the dark colors, leather materials, and ruddy wooden tables and chairs. I felt encased in a womb of beefy goodness. If you're ever on the Strip, I recommend coming here for a strip...steak.
5	Seriously, the sexiest meal I've ever had.  My BF and I were here a few months ago and treated ourselves to the Wagyu Beef Chef's menu.  Amazing.  Simply amazing.  Each course of the meal simply got better and better.  I could not believe the tastiness I was eating.  The service was absolute stunning.  Our waitress was incredibly attentive and helpful.  She answered all of our questions, recommended fantastic wines for each course, and let us take our time.  This review is not doing craftsteak justice; I simply can't put into words how delicious everything was.  Please, do yourself a favor and put your Vegas winnings to this.
4	If you want great steak this is the spot. Very classy place. We had reservation at 10pm and the place was still packed. Service was very friendly and helpful.
5	Craftsteak was a restaurant my three friends and I decided we would try as a once in a lifetime kind of thing. We red some great reviews and decided we would spend a good sum of money on a great meal. Excellent service is the first thing i noticed. Our waitress was very attentive and recommended some great ideas. As soon as plates were brought out she was quick to give great descriptions of each meal. My friends and I decided to get the Tastes of Winter which was listed on the exterior of the restaurant. Our waitress also highly recommended this meal and also let us know that it was a great value in comparison to other menu items. Appetizers included the beet salad, scallops, and prawns which were all great, and all of us were able to sample a few of each item. Next was the Filet Mignon and Steak. The Filet was the most tender Filet i have ever had, and everything was cooked to a perfect medium rare. Lastly was our Dessert Sampler platter. We revived about 5 different items. One included the amazing Monkey Bread. I recommend that everyone try Craftsteak at least once in their lifetime.
5	My husband and I had a great time at Craftsteak.  The steak was deliciously tender and the side dishes were excellent.  The rolls and the sweet potatoes were the highlight of the meal and actually were so good that they overshadowed the steak a bit.   We also ordered the au gratin potatoes and the mushrooms--they were good, but I would pass on them on a repeat visit because it was simply too much food.  TIPS:-Call ahead and ask for one of the semi-private booths.  The booths are VERY nice and some of the dining room seating looked crowded and loud.  The bar seating looked pretty bad.  We had a booth and loved it, but I wouldn't have been happy about paying $150 per person to sit in the loud bar.-It is A LOT of food. The portions are large and very satisfying.  I am a big carnivore and usually have no problem polishing off a salad, steak, baked potato, and bread--but this place left me stuffed.  We would have been fine each getting a steak and splitting one side dish.-I love wine, but here I would recommend skipping the wine and going with one or two of their specialty cocktails.  Not only were the cocktails delicious, but you get more bang for your buck with them.  The cocktails come in a shaker--so you get more than just one.   I normally order wine, but thought the bottles were a tad over priced for what they were.
4	I don't eat a lot of steak (at home or at restaurants), but this was pretty amazing taste-wise. I had a grilled NY Strip that was cooked to perfection (medium), tender as could be, and flavorful. I had the wild arugula salad, and our table had some other sides (fingerling potatoes, assorted mushrooms, etc.). The service was great--though we were a big group and put in a separate room (which was nice). Not having much to compare this to, I'm not sure how pricey it was, but my steak was $48.
4	Tom Colicchio...Please pack your knives and go...just kidding...you win!After seeing Tom, the judge on Top Chef, my wife and i decided to check out Tom, the chef at Craftsteak. We arrived around 6PM on a Saturday, and the restaurant was near empty, but by the time we left at 7:30PM, it was packed. So get their early.  Together we tried:(1) Spinach Persimmon Salad - i don't eat rabbit food at a steakhouse, but my wife thought it was good (??/5)(2) Wagyu Beef Tartare - the best thing i ate, share with at least 2 people(5/5)(3) Brussel Sprouts with Bacon - a little too salty, but delicious nonetheless (4/5)(4) Yukon Gold Puree - fancy and buttery, but still mashed potatoes (3.5/5)(5) Ribeye Steak - perfectly crispy on the outside, and tender and juicy on the inside (4.5/5)The damage came out to $200 including tax and tip w/o drinks for two people.  The service was impeccable.  We were never without water, and there was someone checking in every 10-15 minutes to see if we needed anything.I would say the food is excellent, but on par with some of the other premium steakhouses I've tried.  I guess if money isn't a factor it would be nice, but considering us normal people.  I've had food just as good for less. 4.5 Stars
2	We were in Vegas for a friend's birthday and his wife had planned a great evening out for us one of the two nights we were there. Craftsteak was on her list, and I read some pretty awesome reviews so my expectations were pretty high...needless my expectations were never met.SO disappointing. First we made reservations, and I made the reservations. Due to our large group they have a policy (9 or more people) that we'd have to order some sort of set menu that was $110 per person and 18% gratuity is added automatically. Ridiculous...I always think it's the restaurants way of saying we know our waiters/waitresses are being tipped so it's ok to give you crappy service cause we know it's being paid. WELL, to avoid this, I booked up two tables, first, I didn't want everyone to HAVE to pay $110 (Which was close to what we paid anyway), to eat something they might not have choosen, AND I always think tipping should be according to service. I use to be a waitress, I tip accordingly..if it's fantastic 20%, if it's ok 10% etc etc...First we had reservations, but we still had to wait over 30 mins for our table, meanwhile they sat a table of 8 ladies moment before we were supposed to sit down. I had us sitting at a table of 6 and 7....not even an apology was given that they didn't have our table ready...and now we were all sitting together so again they have their 18% gratuity included.Everything was a la carte, which most restaurants like this usually are. I must say the sides I did try and the ones I didn't I heard were great. The asparagus was grilled perfectly. Not too soft, not too crunchy, and the perfect char on them. The mushrooms were awesome, but you can't screw up mushrooms really. Potatoes and sweet potatoes were great, from what I heard. OK - So bf ordered the bison steak, which is what I wanted but since I like to sample lots of things and bf knows he'll be eating half of my meal we decided not to order the same thing. I went with surf and turf..6 ounce filet mignon and half lobster tail. The lobster WAS delicious...the filet wasn't even cooked correctly. I always order medium rare...half of it was medium, and the other half was somewhere between medium and medium rare. I don't think they even SEASONED the steak. It just tasted like a piece of meat..no melting in your mouth, no flavourful bite, nothing. Bf's bison however...that WAS great. Cooked perfectly and accompanied with some delicious red sauce, a little sweetness to it with a little tang, along side another small dip...great. We had some martinis, those were delicious..similar to a chambourg martini, with one more ingredient.Someone else had the braised short ribs, and those were done well..but anything you braise for 24 hours will be fall off the bone delicious. Food was ok, not the best I've had, and certainly didn't live up to it's expectations....It was packed, no doubt due to the name and Tom Colicchio being a judge on Top Chef..but for someone who made reservations two days ahead of time, and they didn't have our tables prepared...without even some complimentary drinks or BREAD for our 35, almost 45 min wait was extrememly disappointing of a five star restaurant...This is a place you pay for service, and we certainly didn't get it...The waiter..he was the only saving grace of this place. He was awesome. I'll never go there again..for a great steak a fraction of the cost I'd even rather go to the Keg...at least they can cook a steak point on each time.....Oh and ps. For the two birthdays we had and let them know..not even a whole piece of cake...just three itsy bitsy pieces of dessert. One small tiny square of what tasted like a skor bar, one small little cookie the size of a quarter, and some candied fruit thing that was gross...not even a nice piece of chocolate cake or something...thanks Craftsteak...we certainly won't go there again...
2	Nice atmosphere but the steak was terrible. I've had better at Applebee's. Had the bone-in ribeye but it was over cooked, fatty (as opposed to marbled) and tough.  ( I didn't want to wait another 30 minutes to send it back). For $120 a person you can find much better on the Strip.Service was ok though.
5	This restaurant has been reviewed 600+ times but I have to add my two cents.  Get the beef tar-tar, fantastic.  Don't skip the lobster bisque.  It is has large chunks of lobster. The waitstaff said to split the serving but I had the whole thing.  Unfortunately, it cost me room to eat the rest of the steak. Pay the money and get the wagyu 12 oz skirt steak.  This piece of meat offers the best flavor and the wagyu preparation makes it incredibly tender.  The sweet potatoes and crostini mushrooms are great additions. The waist staff have terrific knowledge base and are very kind.  I met the executive sous chef at the restaurant as he was walking through and you can tell he loves being there, it shows in the food.
5	This is one of the best restaurants we've ever been too. The service was excellent and so was the food. We had the surf and turf. My wife had the steak and lobster and I had the steak and diver scallops which were the best scallops I've ever had. We had the scalloped potatoes and the brussel sprouts which were great too. And don't miss the lobster bisque. There must have been a 1/4lb lobster in there. We were a little disapointed to here that Tom  Colichio has not been there in awhile though. The wine was great too.
5	Yum, yum ,yum. Short rib is amazing and not that expensive. Great space and great martinis too.
5	Awesome food, steak, salad, even desert, they are all excellent. Service was really good and fast, made our business dinner group feel very happy and welcomed. Just a thought, wagyu is Japanese beef. But they serve beef grown in Washignston state, that means it is American Beef, not Japanese. My clients from Japan thought its misleading, and I agree.
5	There are alot of reviews for this place so I will say just two words:Skirt Steak!!!Skip the Filet. Skip the Ribeye. Skip the Porterhouse.Ordering the Skirt Steak will be the best decision of your life.And I put the official Jamie Q. seal of approval on that one.Also for extra points, don't get the fingerling potatoes or the assortment of mushrooms.
4	Overall, I would say that Craftsteak is definitely coasting a bit off the Tom Colicchio/Top Chef reputation, but still provides a great meal.We were excited for the seafood platter which unfortunately was a little disappointing.  I can't remember what types of oysters they gave us but they were a fairly bland and flavorless selection to put on our sampler.  The rest of the platter included shrimp, crab legs, littlenecks and a littleneck shell filled with some salty delicious caviar, but the only real highlight of the platter was the lobster salad, heavy on the citrus and with no trace of dairy, just the way it should be.  Still, I'd avoid this item in the future, despite an abundance of interesting accompanying sauces that I hesitate to use too heavily on delicate seafood items anyway.It would be a mistake for anyone to come here and not order the lobster bisque.  Unfortunately, not being lobster-crazed like much of this country, I made this mistake.  But the tastes I was given from friends' bowls revealed the most delicious, rich bisque I have ever had the occasion to try.  The bisque is overflowing with delicious lobster meat, and the base is just amazing, a well seasoned, creamy amalgamation of full but delicate lobster flavor, tarragon, and a level of complexity that allowed you to experience multiple different flavor changes across the few seconds that spanned each bite.Our steaks were delicious, although overpriced.  I think even in a great restaurant in Vegas, $60+ is really pushing the limit for a standard preparation of a classic NY strip.  Also, in a rare swap of personal preferences of certain intangibles, I think the sample I had of my friend's filet here may have beaten out my NY strip.The final highlight here was definitely the creamed spinach.  Made with a bechamel sauce, grated parmesan cheese and chili flakes, the spinach is an unbelievably rich, full and delicious side dish that carries just a tiny bit of kick which is unexpected and extremely welcome.  I cannot wait to try to replicate this dish at home!Our waiter was extremely kind to allow us to order a bottle of wine only listed on the by-the-glass menu and simply charge us as if we had ordered four glasses.  Two of these allowed us to kind of go all out ordering and still manage to keep the bill to $400 before tax and tip.  Less than we were expecting I suppose, but still pretty pricy.  Anyway, I probably wont be back, but mostly for the sheer volume of exciting cuisine in this city.
5	One of the top meals of my life! We did the chefs tasting menu. Completely worth every penny. Five different types of steak, lobster, mushrooms, potatoes, broccolini, risotto, three different salads, steak tar tar is to die for. Dessert was 7 different flavors of gelato, monkey bread, cheesecake, chocolate tart and coffee. They had to roll me out and it was awesome!
5	$20,000 for a bottle of wine. I didn't order it, but I wish I could. So I settled for the $11,000 bottle of wine. I'm probably kidding though.Everything about this restaurant was superb. I shared a 32 oz Porterhouse ($92) with 2 other people. We also got the Puree (mashed potatoes). This was more than enough for the 3 of us. We don't eat that much though, so don't think that with 32 oz will always feed 3 people. From these 2 items, the bill was $140 (after tip/tax). The steak was one of the best I've ever had. Its presentation was good and they even included the bone with the edible marrow inside it--legit.Anyway, be ready to spend money here. While the food/service is exceptional, so are the prices.
1	Tom Colicchio should pack his knives and go. This restaurant is mediocre at best. We had a reservation and still waited for almost 45 minutes for our table to be ready. The hostess never checked in with us and we had to repeatedly double check on whether our table was ready or not. There is hardly a waiting area and the servers running between tables were very rude and acted put out when asking us to move out of their way. There is literally nowhere comfortable to stand. The food is uninventive and uninspired. There were 6 of us and we ordered lobster bisque, which was good but served lukewarm, oysters, that were not shucked properly, and a Caesar salad, which was nothing special.  We all had steak, which for the price was not worth it, not cooked correctly, and strangely seasoned. As for the sides,Tom Colicchio, as a Top Chef judge, should really be ashamed. The best part of the meal were the Parker House Rolls and the wine.  The best part of the dinner was the service, which was very good. My recommendation is to go somewhere else, especially if you have a large party, and especially if you're willing to drop a lot of money for food that should fit the price.
5	This is what a five-star restaurant review feels like. Been a while. Nice to get reacquainted.So let me set this up. I visited the CraftSteak in NYC a few years ago for lunch, but that was for the burger, and while it was very good, I didn't go rushing back partly because there are so/too many options in NYC, plus it closed to make way for Collichio & Sons (high on the list).Flash forward to Vegas. Even though it's the buffet mecca, celebrity chef restaurants top the list for me out there. So when my buddy Big J, who's a regular here, invited me to join him and Adam the Pimp, I instantly said hell yeah what time. The place was not full when we arrived at 6pm, but it had totally filled by 8pm when we left, following a quick tour of the kitchen and meeting the head chef (Matt Seeber, not Colicchio, btw). In those two hours, I had one of my Top 10 dining out experiences.Craftsteak produced by far the best damn lobster bisque and steak I've had. The bisque had several plump lobster chunks, not those little bits you often get, and the flavor was exceptional. I don't get excited about soup. This was special. But the real star was the 12 oz. Wagyu Skirt Steak. Served medium rare, by the first bite, I rediscovered that special happy place that a great steak transports me to, but something was different this time. As I kept eating, I realized I'd not had a steak that delicious before. I even closed my eyes a few times to shut out one of the key senses and focus more intensively on the taste. Pimpski, who also ordered the skirt steak, concurred that this was like a steak apex. Big J was going to town on the surf and turf, but had recommended the skirt, so it we'll call it unanimous (along with many other reviewers). The sides were also fantastic. Loved the Yukon gold puree potatoes and asparagus, but we all agreed that the braised Brussels sprouts with smoked bacon was the standout.   Dessert didn't miss a beat, either. The monkey bread gets a lot of love, but I tried a new bread pudding that wasn't on the menu yet, and like the lobster bisque, it stood apart from every other version I've had of this classic. It was much lighter than most, and was the perfect ending to the meal.That the service was uniformly excellent throughout didn't seem to have anything to do with my friend being a regular. Looking around at surrounding tables and booths, the servers were constantly moving, bringing dishes at the right time, refilling water and drinks, and asking how things were, just as they were with our table. Combined with the overall ambiance, the service created a very welcoming and comfortable atmosphere. Others have touched on the prices, which are also on the menu, so you should already know what you're in for there, but I'll add this: It's not just the dollar amount, but the total value of the meal and the overall experience. For me, Craftsteak was top-flight in every respect and it'll be high on my list with every future trip to Vegas.
3	There were both high and low points to this meal.  I think my husband and I have decided Tom may have to pack his knives and go.  The food was good, but when you consider the price for the food you're getting it definitely wasn't worth it.  And considering the dent in our wallet, we both felt it was definitely lacking.  We both did the dinner menu based around the type of meat you choose.  We had the kobe, which may have been better if we weren't so incredibly stuffed from the appetizers.  Highlights were the kobe beef tartare, the frisee salad and the cucumber salad.  Don't bother with the prawns, they weren't very tasty.  The kobe was good, but once again I don't think we cared much considering how full we were.  The sides with the meat were meh - pomme puree (crappy next to Joel Robouchon), wild mushrooms and grilled brussel sprouts.  Honestly, i can't even recall what we ate for dessert so it couldn't have been that spectacular.  Do yourself a favor, save your money and eat elsewhere.
5	Luscious, buttery lobster that tasted like it had been pulled moments ago from the Atlantic.  Crispy salty brussels sprouts, cauliflower that was crunchy on the outside and melty on the inside, and watercress salad so fresh and crisp and light and zesty that I want to travel back to Vegas just to eat more.  Really an excellent dining experience, and worth every sheckel.
5	I know, I know. I ate some cow, but I liked it. My husband and I were in Vegas and my good friend was introducing us to her boyfriend for the first time. I was so exited and told her to choose a spot. Oh. My. Gosh. She chose quite well. So glad I packed my fancy clothes, ya know what I mean? Huh? Huh? Yeah. *Wink*As a group of four, we split the Italian Buffalo Mozzarella, Baby Spinach, Brussels Sprouts and Maui Onions. I decided that if I was going to try Hand-Cut Wagyu Beef Tartare, it was going to be at Craftsteak. The table was silent and I felt like Alice drinking from the bottle. It was...different. Almost like, err, cold taut pasta. The warm bread is worth it. Trust me. And now for the steak. I'm not much of a meat eater, but once again, "When in Rome".... I went for the Prime Filet Mignon. I took a bite and closed my eyes.My mini vision quest...Me (In my purple Bestey Johnson number, heels and all, floating in the sky): Why, hello, cow. You're in heaven, I see. Cow (flying in the sky, complete with golden halo and wings): So (rubbing its hooves together): What do you think? Juicy enough. Not to gamey?Me: Oh, Cow. (Hugging cow). You were wonderful. Thank you for providing me with protein from your body and unwillingly sacrificing your life for this meal. Bless you.Cow: (Blushing) Why, thank you!  See you in hell, traitor! (Drop kicks me back to Earth)***POOF!!!!!***Whoa. Yeah, it was guilty good. So good, my husband ate the leftovers before I got to them. Sigh. It was a fantastic meal. For the record, they do have vegetarian options, but the vegetarian tasting menu has a two person minimum. Pricey, but the memories are priceless.
5	Great meal, highly recommend this place. The chef's menu is the way to go. You will not go away hungry!
5	I loved this place. It is a bit pricey but it was worth it. My friend's & I had ordered the mashed potatoes, chicken, sweet potatoes, spinach, & some other stuff that escapes me at the moment. It was all realllly good! Just be careful because they tried to charge us for an extra bottle of water. Well worth a visit though, I plan on going back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	We were in Las Vegas for mine and my best friends 21st birthdays with our moms. We knew we wanted to go out for one very nice dinner while we were in Vegas. So I did some research and then decided on Craftsteak based on many reviews I had read. Our group of four decided to do the Chefs Seasonal Tasting Menu.First Course:Diver Sea Scallops with Shaved Fennel (5 stars)Roasted Heirloom Beet Salad and  Pickled Egg (4 stars)Italian Buffalo Mozzarella (4.5/5 stars)Main Course:Roasted Prime Filet Mignon (4.5/5 stars)Grilled Prime Angus Flat Iron (5 stars)Sides:Braised Brussels Sprouts with Smoked Bacon (3.5/4 stars)Mushroom Assortment (5 stars)Ricotta Ravioli (5 stars)Desserts:Vanilla Bean Cheesecake (4.5 stars)Chocolate Souffle (5 stars)Warm Apple Fritters (5 stars)Cinnamon Monkey Bread (4.5/5 stars)Chocolate Ganache Cake (5 stars)I could not have asked for a better meal, it was absolutely divine. There was very minimal talking during the meal, you could have heard a pin drop on our table. We were all floored with the flavor of every element of our meal. The wait staff was extremely kind and helpful whenever we had questions. They never rushed our meal along in between courses but had perfect timing and never had us waiting for the next course. Craftsteak is pricey but please believe it is totally worth it!
3	Not bad. Not amazing. My steak came out cold. Had to send back...Service was great
5	This is my favorite steak-house of all time.  Better than Maestros, SW steakhouse (wynn), Ruth Chris...etc.  I've been here a couple times so I will review the last couple things I ate from various trips:Meats:1) Wagyu skirt steak.  It's melt-in-your-youth goodness.  After 3-4 pieces, it does get very rich, so my recommendation is to order it for the table and share family style.  It's a definite must-try.2) Porterhouse:  AMAZING.  Perfectly seasoned and very tender.  It is a very large cut, so definitely needs to be shared with more than just 2 people (menu recommends 1 order/2 people, but it can feed 3 or 4 even, especially when you order side dishes too)3) T-bone: Very tasty, but does not compare to the Porterhouse or Wagyu steak.  Still a great choice although the filet side is a bit dryer than all the other cuts.4) Braised Short Ribs: Very tender.  The meat pretty much melts in your mouth.  This dish is a bit smaller in size, so it's not as filling as eating a steak.  Although the dish is well-prepared, I think ordering the steaks here is a much better option.  I've never had better steak anywhere else, but I have had comparable braised short ribs.Sides:1) Mushroom risotto:  If you like risotto, this is a must.  Probably the BEST risotto i've ever had.  Unfortunately, it wasn't available last time I was here.  They replaced it with another dish that they said was comparable but it wasn't at all.2) Mushroom assortment:  A nice side if you enjoy eating mushrooms with your steak.  Good, but nothing too special.  3) Potato puree:  Very smooth and rich.  It' s a nice side if you like butter.  I think they put a lot of butter into the puree.  It's like eating very creamy mashed potatoes4) Asparagus:  A nice side if you want some greens in your meal, but it taste just like asparagus prepared anywhere else.  Not too special.5) Corn: I forgot what they call it on the menu and it's only on the menu when it's in season, but this is one of the BEST side dishes here.  They grill the corn and then take it off the cob for you, so it's not cream corn, but more like grilled corn.  Very flavorful.  If you happen to eat here when it's available, it's a must-order.Dessert:1) Cinnamon monkey bread:  A bit too sweet for my tastes, but my friends really liked it.  If you love sugar, then maybe this dessert is for you, but it was way too sweet for me.2) Chocolate souffle: Very rich.  If you like chocolate and u like rich desserts, this may be the pick for you.
5	Wonderful steak and wine list! Coming from Central Coast in California and some of the best steak in the country (The Hitching Post and Jocko's) I have to say that the 2 times I've been to Craftsteak, I've had the best steak of my life.I recommend the getting the Chef's Selection and eating family stye at your table ... Wow, nothing better!
4	Service is good. Staff are attentive and knowledgeable.Food is good. My steak was cooked as I ordered it and was properly seasoned. My wife's chicken was succulent, not dry. Sides (asparagus and potato) were cooked correctly.I would suggest the chefs tasting menu but as my wife has different tastes than I, we didn't do it. It looks to be better value.
5	Great dinner at craftsteak in Vegas...but damn. I was In a food coma for hours after it...the dinner I ordered, explained to me as a taster menu (for two), consisted of 1 appetizer, 2 salads, 2 soups, 2 large entrees, 3 sides and three desserts!!!!! Amazing stuff but I could have used much smaller portions. Highly recommended to any meat lovers.44 seconds ago  Like  Comment
1	What a disappointment.  My husband and I decided to go here because we were seeing a concert at the MGM that night.  We both love a good steak and have no problem paying $50+ a plate for a good meal.  We both ordered the fillet, they arrived at the correct temperature, but were tough and bland.  I would compare this steak to something from Fridays or Chilli's.  I gave it one star for the value and another star because the service was so good they should be recognized.  We won't waste our money here again.
3	Ok, as a Top Chef fan, I wasn't going to not stop by Tom's place while in LV!Let me preface by saying I read all the reviews on here before I went...so this is why the first thing I immediately ordered was the Lobster Bisque as my First Course.While delicious, the serving of bisque is ENORMOUS, and soooo rich.  I should have stopped about 1/2 way through, but because of the intoxicating flavor I couldn't.  While I sipped my wine waiting for the meat course, and anxiously awaiting the yummy tenderness of the Waygu Skirt Steak...I felt my tummy start to turn.  Then, I felt it start to do flip-flops.  Uh-oh, the creamed soup had reared its ugly head.I ate about 5 slices of the yummy steak and about 2 forkfulls of the creamy yukon gold potatoes before I just couldn't eat another bite.  I was officially sick to my stomach.  I took a couple trips to the restroom, but just couldn't shake it.We left without dessert (WAH!) and spent the rest of the night in our hotel room regretting the bisque. And paying $250 for a dinner we could barely eat.  I'm sure it would have been great if I just hadn't eaten that bisque.
5	Ok, so after loyally following Top Chef for years now, I have always been wanting to try out Craftsteak for some time.  And happy that I did.  My husband and I arrived to Vegas Saturday late afternoon and had not made any reservation.  We checked out MGM's restaurant row and stopped by to see if Craftsteak can accommodate us.  The greeter said we can get seated at the bar right away so we gladly accepted.  The restaurant is dark and was buzzing with happy eaters.Neither of us were that hungry, so we started out with frisee salad, shared 12 oz Wagyu skirt steak, sauteed spinach and french fries seasone with paprika.  Before we were served our food, 6 fluffy,  just out of the oven bread rolls came out to us...and they were HEAVENLY!!!!  It may have been one of the best bread I had in restaurants.  I really liked frisee salad, compared to Comme Ca's because it had more dressing and less bacon to balance out the salad.  The Wagyu skirt steak came out already sliced and were DELICIOUS.  The only complaint I have is that they got cold fairly quickly.  Spinach was well seasoned and balanced our steak well, and fries, what can I say...were sooo tasty.  My husband usually needs cups of ketchup with his fries, but these fries were seasoned so well, he ate them just by itself!I will definitely come back here!  Go Tom Colicchio!!!
2	Eventhough so many people gave this place good ratings... I would say that the complementary bread deserves the big HYPE for this restaurant.I went with a party of 6, which we all had very high expectations. The first let down was the atmosphere. The tables and chairs did not seem sturdy, I'm sorry call me picky, but I feel like if a restaurant is going to charge me $50 for a rib eye steak then I need the tables dressed with white lining and the servers with white gloves on. The bread made up for the Ikea furniture, as soon as the bread hits your mouth theres a buttery sweetness with a hint of salty, melts in your mouth and warm comfort goodness.I ordered the rib-eye with gratin potatoes with warm salad with bacon and egg. The salad was very good, unusual but delightful. The steak could have used alot more flavor and the potatoes was just okay (I've had BETTER). The only other thing that stood out was the short ribs and the broccoli. There was another dish which I can't remember the name, but it was a rosotto like dish with brown rice, butternut squash, mushrooms and other components that I can not recollect. Lastly, which may seem very trivial to everyone else but my party seem to take offense to it as well. One of our friends needed his food togo so the server took his plate to bag it up. To come back with a "THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU" bag (YES THE SAME BAG) any chinese fast food restaurant would give you for togo order. Then to add insult to injury the server sits his plastic bag which has his food in it ON THE FLOOR!!! We all had this "WTF" look on our face.This would be my last time coming here, I rather go to Ruth's Chris any day.
5	The most memorable meal of my life was at Craftsteak!The Platinum - KOBE - Beef - Steak will linger on my palate until the day I die!Don't be fooled by the run-of-the-mill steak houses claiming that they serve KOBE beef. At Craftsteak you'll learn that there is a difference in grading KOBE beef, and enjoy a culinary experience you will never forget!
1	What a let down!  Could go to chain steakhouse and get the same taste.  Steaks not cooked correctly. Waitress seemed like we were putting her out everytime we asked for something.  For the price and for the chef's name on it, I expected so much more.
5	This restaurant makes all of its patrons who walk out feel sorry for vegetarians. I'm sorry, but it's true.5 Stars. Times a million.Sometimes the best approach for eating out is deferring to others' wisdom. Here, that approach really paid off. Came here for my buddy's bachelor party dinner and luckily we had a Craftsteak veteran with us (Thanks YE Steven H!). This helped the ordering process go along a lot more smoothly.Originally we were just planning to order for ourselves, but our wily veteran felt that it would be better if we ordered the multiple cuts and shared that among us instead. Our server understood and was very accommodating, which eventually led to us getting full stacks of appetizers, desserts, and of course, THE STEAK.I've had Kobe beef in Kobe, Japan, but this was heads and shoulders above my experience there. Every bite melts in your mouth and the juices were so good that I needed more of those delicious rolls to sop up the remaining sauce. Even our friend who usually likes his meat a little more cooked through had to give it up that these medium-rare cuts of marbled beef were sublime. That being said, even though the meat was excellent, the accompanying sides of asparagus, mushrooms, and mashed potatoes were so freaking delicious that you don't mind it taking up space otherwise reserved for the beef.Dessert came out after we were already stuffed, but we made room for the Monkey Bread (aka the Elegant Cinnabon), Ice Cream & Sorbets, Dark Chocolate Tart, Bread Pudding, and fresh fruit. Great finish.I honestly think if we paid twice as much, it would still be worth it.
4	It was my birthday, and I wanted a tasty steak. I knew this ahead of time (that is, before my birthday), so I researched Vegas steakhouses, and was very intrigued by the menu at Craftsteak (particularly the side dishes), so I made a reservation for my boyfriend and me. We showed up at the scheduled time and were promptly seated at a spot between the door and the bar, which means it was kind of noisy. No big deal, though. The seating was quite comfortable, very living room-esque. I was okay with that. Because we have the unfortunate curse of being red wine haters, we started with champagne (err...sparkling wine) from Italy. It was some of the best I've had. In fact, I'd like more now.  While munching on the tasty garlic bread, we decided on what to order. I got the roasted pepper salad, Alan got the beet salad, and we decided to share a ribeye and kale. I know that a steakhouse should be primarily known for its steak, but I was entirely too impressed with the salads we got, especially my roasted peppers. I mean, I love me some roasted peppers in any context, but it tasted like they put crack in these or something. I wanted two or three more plates of them, but then I wouldn't have room for my steak. The beets were also fresh and tasty, and I got to try a pickled egg for the first time. (It came with the beets, and I approved.) Now, that ribeye. They said it was 16 ounces but it had to be more than that. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned, just beautiful. The only thing was that my steak knife seemed pretty dull, so I had more difficulty than I'd expect cutting through the beef. That obviously didn't affect the taste, though. The kale had been braised with bacon and navy beans and had a great savory and bitter (but not too bitter!) flavor. We were so packed by the end of the meal that we couldn't finish all of the kale. However, it was my birthday, so I wanted to get dessert anyway. I knew that one of the big desserts was out of the question, so I got some of the chocolate malt ice cream, which was absolutely splendid. Most ice cream seemed to pale in comparison.Service was slightly slow at the beginning but was perfect after the courses started arriving. Overall, this was a lovely day to spend my birthday evening.
5	So my friends and I are in Vegas and we get the "Buffet of Buffets" for 40 bucks. All you can eat at different buffets. Of course we eat and overeat. Vegas takes my money gambling, so at least I can over eat.Even though I over ate and was still full by the time my 9 PM Craftsteak reservation came around, I still thought it was one of the best steaks that I have eaten. I had 10 oz filet mignon medium-rare. It was good. So was my friend's buffalo steak. Honestly that has more flavor. Next time I'm gonna eat the 150.00 Kobe beef. And make sure I don't eat big buffet before this....
5	Thanks for this restaurant, Tom Colicchio.I went with a large group of friends. There were 8 of us total. We made a reservation days in advance with no issues.After looking over the menu, everyone decided on getting the chef's beef selection of grade 7 wagyu beef. Seeing how it is the chef's selection, we had no idea what we were getting besides all the cuts of wagyu steak they had available. First came the rolls and butter. These rolls were already delicious. We all devoured them pretty fast and asked for more. AppetizersPersian Cucumber, watercress and ginger salad - nice and refreshingWhole grilled shrimpProsciutto with plum relishWagyu Beef Tartare with crostini - amazing. I've had it at a few other places, but this was way better than others I've tasted.Main courses with side dishesAll cuts of grade 7 wagyu. Everything was so delicious. I would say the best steaks I've ever had so far. Steak temperatures on point. Perfectly medium rare. Seasonings just right. Dip the steak back into the skillets and get even bolder flavors. Take it up another notch, grab the dinner rolls and sop up the meat juices too! Forget bread and butter. Bread and meat sauce is better.Side dishes included, asparagus, mushrooms, and yukon gold puree. Sides complemented perfectly and enhanced the experience with the different textures and flavors.Desserts were lastCinnamon Monkey Bread, assortment of sorbets/ice cream, dark chocolate tarts, bread pudding, and fresh fruit ended the meal very nicely. My favorite dessert being the monkey bread.Service was great. Waitress was very friendly and gracious. She even joked with us that she might even see us at the clubs afterwards.Everyone left very satisfied.
5	I want to preface this by saying that I'm not made of money, so I don't go to restaurants like this. Therefore I have no basis of comparison with other high price restaurants.Having said that, this was easily the best meal I've ever had. First, a side not, I wouldn't take too much from the people giving this place very low reviews. Perhaps some did somehow have a bad experience, but look at all the people who had a great experience. I think you most likely will too. And anyone complaining about how Tom is never there, give the man a break. He has over a dozen restaurants, a TV Show, and has a young son and lives on the East Coast. What, do you expect him to be at all his restaurants each month?Okay, end rant. Now to the food. I went with my brother and his girlfriend. We each had the American Wagyu chef's tasting course. It would have been nice to pick dishes a la carte, but thought this was easier.The bread was great. The salads were good too. I even enjoyed the beets, and I normally don't like beets.The potato puree was very smooth, creamy and flavorful. The mushroom course was great too.The steak was soooo good. The skirt steak and ribeye were both amazing. Tender, flavorful, and juicy. The quality of the beef was top notch. I've had Kobe beef in Kobe, and it is almost as good.The desserts were also top notch, from the monkey bread to the cheesecake to the ice creams and the sorbets.Since we weren't dressed for the occasion, we had to sit up at the bar, but it was no problem. The bartender was very knowledgeable and very personable. Service was great, but it was the beginning of dinner service, so I don't know what it's like at the tables on a busy night.With a beer, a glass of wine, and the food plus tax and tip, it came out to $200 each. But since it was so amazing, and also I was up $100 from the poker table that day, it was worth every penny.
5	This is by far my favorite place in Vegas so far.  The last two times I've been there we elected to be served family style so I've tried most of the steaks.  The sides with the meal are excellent as well.  I left this place full and satisfied.  Look forward to the return.  It's expensive so bring your wallet.
5	We dined here two years ago and i still think about it often. The lobster bisque was sooooo good.  We went with the American Grade Kobe and it was the single most tender piece of beef i have ever had.  Maybe one day, when we are ballin out of control, we will go for the real deal.  I loved the laid back, no need to rush service.  The chocolate souffle that was made to order still haunts me...best dessert of my life,
5	Oh man I'm so glad I finally got a chance to try this restaurant! Came here last night for dinner. I made a reservation so the hostess was prompt and seated us right away in a booth! We had several waiters throughout the meal, from the person bringing our wine, taking our order, bringing out the food, to checking up on our meal. I thought it wasn't even overbearing and they all came at perfect times during the meal to check up on us. I got a pineapple upside cake cocktail to start. It was sooo tasty! Almost literally like drinking the cake itself. The server brought out these mini parkhouse dinner rolls in this small cast iron pan. Totally cute!! We ordered a charcuterie selection plate to start off our meal. That came with some mini pretzel rolls and a variety of mustards and sauces to eat with either the charcuterie or the pretzels. So we decided to try this "wagyu" beef I always hear about. My husband and I got the 12oz domestic wagyu skirt steak to split and a side of broccolini with garlic. When that came out, it was cooked medium rare like we asked. My first bite into the steak, heavenly!! The fattyness of the steak and the flavor was just soo good. 12 oz was a good choice to share. I LOVED the broccolini, delicious and went well with our steak. When we finished our meal, the waiter brought us two chocolate ganache tarts as my complimentary birthday present. Very intense chocolate. Knowing how well everything tasted that night even with the complimentary dessert, I knew I still wanted to order off their dessert menu.  My husband and I decided to get the chocolate souffle. It was really the best evenly cooked chocolate souffle. Came to table piping hot with the caramel chocolate sauce on the side and chocolate chip ice cream. The souffle was moist and very light but definitely filling. But the end of our meal, the chef came out to see how everything tasted and as part of my birthday gave me a copy of the menu I ordered from for that night. I thought that was a really nice touch.I will definitely add this to my "to eat again and again" list when I go back to Vegas. Tom Colicchio did a great job with the concept and the Chef there executed all the dishes in a simple and extremely tasty way.
5	Craftsteak the second time around was as superb as the first. The tasting menu is tough to pass off, but I had to try the short-ribs. I definitely see what the excitement is all about! TRY THE SHORT RIBS.I paired these with a Sandrone. Also, the waitress let me know that some snap pees had just come in that afternoon and reccomended them. The absolute demand for perfect product here shines as strong as ever.Greatness is rare. Craftsteak is wonderful for special ocassions.
4	Steak, Chicken, mash potato, salads,  cheeses, bread, muffins, oh my! My girlfriends and I went to Vegas to celebrate the last "hurrah" for our single gal pal. The only thing she wanted to do was eat at this restaurant. We tried to make a reservation, but it was almost impossible to do. One of my girls had to sign two, not one, contracts to get a reservation. In addition, they weren't very specific about the details until the last moment. While that was annoying and very upsetting (hence the lost star), the food was incredible! OMG. I ate so much that I had to roll back to my hotel. The short ribs were so juicy and tender that I didn't even need a knife to cut them. The vanilla cheesecake is a must. The drinks were just awesome. A great selection of wine. When I go back to Vegas, I'll be back to eat at this place.
5	I ate here while at a convention and I have to say, the steak (NY) was a piece of steak perfection. It was cooked and flavored perfectly. I love a good - really good - steak.  My father and grandfathers all were in the wholesale meat business and I grew up eating really good quality meat. I love a prime dry aged steak - but not with just butter on it.  They seasoned it to perfection. My potatoes - the house mashed, were flavorful as was my Caesar salad. I savored every morsel and the wine list by the glass just topped it off. I don't remember what it was but it had the perfect balance - i am sure it was the best Cab on the menu.I dined by myself because most of my friends went to a class at the convention and it was my last night. The server took great care of me and friends came by to join me for dessert. I will not miss this place next time I am in Vegas. It's my new favorite!I didn't realize that this restaurant is related to the Craft in Los Angeles.  I can assure you I will be there soon for some special event and it it's near as good, my husband will be in steak heaven too.
5	The best steak house on the strip.  The roasted steaks are great.  Fries should not be missed!  Quite expensive.  Awesome service.  Incredible wine list (study it before you dine).
3	I brought my brother here for his going away dinner. Both of us are fans of Top Chef and wanted to see what Craftsteak was like. We both ordered three courses each, all different so we could taste as much as possible. We ended up with way more than we could eat. Leftovers! We got the beet salad, lobster bisque, braised short ribs, wyagu beef, seasonal mushrooms,  and the fresh corn. All in all it was a good experience. The service was excellent and the decor was nice. I will say that all the food was very, very salty. If it was less salty, I probably could've eaten a lot more. Other than the salt issue, the food was good. I would recommend the beet salad and the braised short ribs. Those two were delicious. Pretty pricey, but worth it if you want to go out for a nice dinner. It's also a family-style restaurant. BTW, it says that it's a dressy place, but you don't really need to dress up. I saw plenty of tourists walk in with cargo shorts and Hawaiian shirts on. So don't sweat that. They also have a very extensive liquor and wine list.
4	I was very impressed with this place. I have been to a lot of high end restaurants in Las Vegas and this one is on my list. The mixed drinks are great and the wine list is extensive. However, it is the first place that I have ever "dismissed" a Somelier. My family was shocked. The guy was a jerk.  There is a girl Somelier who is much better. Always make sure to tip your Somelier.
4	Once again you did not disappoint CRAFTSTEAK. We were so excited to take our friends here but also concerned whether we had over-hyped our first experience here. We did the 3 course wagyu tasting (grade 7 meats) for $140pp. However among us four, they allowed us to do 3 orders which was more than enough food. To start off, they have these fresh mini sweet buns that are served fresh from the oven-melt in your mouth yummy.Next 4 appetizers were served: prawns, buffala mozzarella & hazelnut, frissee salad with blue cheese & bacon( delicious, one of our favorites), wagyu tar tare.Next came the wagyu filet mignon, rib-eye, and the New York strip. Of course, the best cut and most well prepared was the filet mignon, medium rare and melt in your mouth good. However, from our last trip, the skirt steak was our favorite and still is. It was prepared to perfection and it was infused with flavor in every bite despite its lower grade. Who would've thought. Our strip did come out overdone, but we sent it back and a medium rare piece came out quickly and perfectly.As our sides, we got the mushroom assortment, Yukon gold mash, and the garlic spinach. The highlight was of course the Yukon gold mash potatoes- creamy, buttery goodness - which was raved by all other Yelpers. Among us four we couldn't finish our 3 cut of meats.Lastly, we had 6 desserts that came out. It should've been 5 but our waiter forgot our request for monkey bread and brought out another dessert by mistake. Don't worry we don't mind the extras.;)We tried a variety of sorbets, cheesecake, monkey bread, apple fritters, and their bread pudding. Surprisingly, the highlight for me was the cheesecake. It was extremely light, fluffy and creamy served with blood oranges. So yummy. My hubby liked the Apple fritters most this time compared to the monkey bread which was his favorite on the last visit.Overall, another pleasant and enjoyable dining experience with great company. This will probably continue to be our go-to restaurant for steak.
4	Went here for dinner on my most recent trip to Vegas. Oh Tom Colicchio you have not let me down.I partook of the chilled shellfish sampler and the harris ranch ribeye.favored sides were the sauteed spinach and the nantes carrots (which were roasted with local desert honey and were excellent!) the meat was done to a perfect medium rare throughout, and the shellfish was fresh and delicious. i suppose my only complaint would be that the shellfish platter was skimpy (but then when isn't it at restaurants like this)? portion size aside, the food was of amazing quality. a month later, i still distinctly remember being wowed by the texture of the lobster tail and the freshness of the crab meat that was included in the platter. =) overall - an amazing dining experience (the service and the ambience were fantastic)... only ding would be that the price point is just a tad too much on the high side for what it delivers (as great as it is).
5	Ate here back in January 2011. We had huge expectations leading up since this was our showcase dinner for our entire Las Vegas trip. An excellent steakhouse with a nice atmosphere. We ordered the braised short ribs and hangar steak with a side of the yukon gold potato puree. The food was absolutely excellent and we could not from taking bite after bite. We also celebrated our anniversary here. They shared with us a nice desert plate of chocolates with "Happy Anniversary" written on the plate with chocolate sauce. For desert we ended up trying the monkey bread dish and it was just as excellent as the main course. One con with the restaurant is the photo person who comes around to all the tables and asks to take your picture and then tries to haggle with you later to purchase the picture they had just taken with you. The picture is nearly priced as much as an entree...ridiculous. We definitely want to come back and experience more of the menu. We would also love to try the desert tasting here too.
5	if you know me...you know I love food...you know I love steak...and thus I love me some Tom Colicchio.I went to vegas for a wedding and stayed at the MGM where Craftsteak is located.  I was hoping some other friends wanted to go and my wish came true.  The food is so daggone GOOD!!! The steak was cooked perfect and the side dishes were delightful.  The service was nice as well.  I had to save a lil bit for my late night snack.Kudos Tom Colicchio and staff!!
4	I went here in a large group about two or three years ago. I wanted to write this review before I lose my memory even further. If I remember correctly, it was around labor day, and it happened to be restaurant week, so the menu looked something like this: Appetizers:Shaved Fennel, Lemon, Olive OilItalian Buffalo Mozzarella, HazelnutsPersian Cucumber, Watercress, GingerEntrees:Grilled Angus Skirt SteakPrime Beef Flat IronSide Dishes:Brentwood Sweet Corn, Green OnionsOrganic Baby Shiitake MushroomsYukon Gold Potato Puree, ChivesDessert:Pastry Chef's Selection of Confections, Ice Cream and SorbetWe had an assortment for our large party of the items above. The buffalo mozzarella was awesome, as well as their meats. I don't remember which was which, but they both tasted great. Their Yukon Potatoes and Sweet Corn dish were to die for. This meal was definitely a bargain for $50. We had so much meat that we were able to take an entire plate home.
5	Amazing steak house. The American grade wagyu new york strip was quite possibly the most amazing steak I have ever had. Yes, it is expensive (over $100) but it was a very big cut of meat and why not go big in Vegas? Despite making reservations of 8:15, we didn't get seated until about 8:30 but it was a busy weekend with March Madness (Final Four) going on. We unfortunately got seated next to some construction conventioneers who were pretty wasted. They were loud and very vulgar, the F-word was about every third word out of one guys mouth, and I think Marvin our server sympathized with us. He hooked us up with an appetizer and a dessert on the house! I saw some people complain about the wait for the food and honestly, without Marvin bringing us out the complementary appetizer it would of been a pretty substantial wait.... A wait well worth it!
5	Best steak I have ever had. I had the surf and turf. Husband had the Bison Steak. They made me a special plate of rolls with no butter. Great drink specials. The prawns were huge. Menu is all al a carte so watch what you order. It can add up fast. The two of us spent $250.00, but it was well worth it.  Atmosphere is dark, low lights.
4	I'm a HUGE top chef fan and my expectations were very high. I thought some things were done very well such as the steak, but I was not a fan of other dishes. I'd give it 3.5-4 stars.Started to the meal with beet salad appetizer. The beets were beautiful but didn't quite have enough taste... it needed more salt or something. But I did appreciate the natural sweetness of the beets and the 3 different types of beets on my plate.My sister ordered the short ribs and honestly it was WAY too salty. Like almost inedible. Tried to pair it with some sides but it was just still too much.I ordered the surf and turf, 6 oz. filet mignon with half a Maine lobster. The steak is excellent. It's tender and flavored well with that nice meaty taste. The lobster was cooked well and not overcooked but had a very slight fishy taste. Portions are generous (prices are expensive too but the cuts of meat are thick).We also ordered 2 sides: the snap peas with horseradish and the hen of wood mushrooms. The snap peas were delicious with lots of butter but you couldn't taste the horseradish shavings. The hen of wood mushrooms were amazing! They had a nice earthy taste and the top of the mushroom was slightly crispy but the root was chewy. It had so much flavor and really wowed me.Dessert we tried the mini apple donuts and the ice cream/sorbet platters. The mini apple fritters had a nice crispy outside but the inside was too doughy. The consistency was slightly off. Also, I wanted them to be really hot and freshly fried but they were warm and not hot enough to my liking. Ice cream/sorbets were solid and I enjoyed the lemon, kiwi, and hazelnut best.The decor was great and warm feeling. The restaurant is big and definitely packed. We had 2 waiters and I found that kind of awkward... they would switch back and forth. Overall, I had a positive experience and I'm glad that I tried it. I wouldn't necessarily go back again but I'm very interested in trying Tom Colichio's restaurant in New York.
5	So, as a preface, I may not remember this entire gourmet experience because I was so blown away.  If you want to read up on this magical moment, refer to the reviews of Lan N., Alan W. and Steven H. because we all shared this magical moment together.There were so so so many amazing parts to this meal, I am hard pressed to remember them all.  I will try to give the play-by-play highlights of this Cinderella night.I will start with the sides that I remember the most: Yukon Gold Puree.  I have no idea what else is in here besides Yukon Potatoes and Butter, but whatever it is, holy crap it is addicting.  This innocuous, off-white color side dish packs flavor and velvety smooth texture and flavor and orgasms and flavor some more all into a copper serving bowl.  This dish singularly revived my love for potatoes.  Now, on to the steaks.I will give my shout out to our waiter for the evening on this one.  So I was part of a bachelor party of 8 gents, and we could not decide on entrees.  So as a group, we all decided to splurge on the Wagyu/Kobe taster at the server's recommendation.  OH MY GOD.   Thank you restaurant gods for blessing us with an awesome server.  The recommendation on the taster was spot on.  We got wagyu/kobe filet, ny strip, rib eye, skirt steak and flat iron.  The flavor... the texture... the color... all sooooo perfect.  My highlights for the night were definitely the skirt steak and the flat iron cut.  The flavors from those cuts were f***in amazing.Damn, I kinda want some right now...
5	Some AAA 4 Diamond restaurants are way too stuffy and elitist. Some try way too hard to fit in and be approachable to the "average" diner. Craftsteak is just right. The staff here makes everyone who takes the time to make a reservation here (and it takes forever, thanks MGM) really feel special and welcome. After all, if I'm dropping $100+ on dinner anywhere, it really should be special, and I'd better be welcome.The service staff here is so polite, and professional, and friendly, and attentive. I've also never noticed so much as a hint of snobbery from any of the staff here; average Joe's are treated just like movers and shakers, captains of industry, or movie stars, or her Majesty, the Queen. Anyway, the food (kinda why I've been here three times). This may sound crazy, but the dinner rolls here are consistently the best part of the meal, and that is by no means a let-down. They are warm, pillowy, yeasty rolls with melted butter and sea salt on top. They're crispy like a wafer on top, luxuriously rich in the middle, come out of the pan steaming hot, and with even more whole butter on top, they're the perfect bread course. Side note: The table butter was not cold, and neither was it so warm that I couldn't spread it. Perfect bread with perfect butter. I had the lobster bisque for my appetizer. It was warm, silky, lobster-y goodness, and there's like half a tail's worth of lobster in the bottom. It's a great way to start a steak dinner. This time around I opted for the ribeye. It was a prime ribeye. It weighed 16 oz with a bone before it was cooked. It was beautifully cooked. It was rested, but still hot. There were some delicious herbs and some buttery goodness on the steak, but neither was a detriment. The steak was perfect.  Side dishes were no afterthoughts, either. Spring pea risotto with tender braised pork was the best risotto I've eaten in my life. I'm baffled as to how they made it. Spring ramps were sauteed simply and paired well with the steaks, and some perfectly roasted hen of the woods mushrooms were a lot of a very good thing. Thank God I saved room for desert. I was going to try the monkey bread pudding, but when I saw a chocolate souffle with hazelnut ice cream, I almost died. When the dish arrived , I popped the top, poured the caramel sauce down the hatch, and tried it with some ice cream. Wow. That's all I can say about that. If you've read this far down on this review, thank you! But, also please try the chocolate souffle at Craftsteak. I will probably never taste anything so delicious in my life.
2	My wife and I had dinner here last month.  We are both Top Chef fans and had been looking forward to trying this place for some time.  I feel led astray by the good reviews for this place.  The service was ok.  My wife thought not very attentive and had grown impatient with it by the end of the meal.  She pointed out our server had really only been by twice during the meal- when the food arrived and at the end- so maybe she was right.I think the best part was the start.  The rolls here are fabulous.  I give them that.  Really delicious.  I started with the lobster bisque which was also very good.  I would recommend that.But then the main course.  On recommendation I got the skirt steak.  Now I know skirt steak has a different texture to it but I thought mine was extremely tough.  I really didn't enjoy it and had to frankly spit a few bites out.  I wouldn't get it again nor would I recommend it as so many others here do.  I overheard a woman seated in the next table over also complain about how tough her steak was.  So I don't think this was an anomaly.  Maybe we both got bad cuts, I don't know.   My wife got the rib eye.  I tried a bite and definitely liked it better than my skirt steak.  But my wife thought it was just so-so, nothing great.  The sauce served with the steak was very good though.  That was probably the only saving grace.  I would have been happier with a different steak I think.I wanted to try the souffle for dessert but just wasn't up for it by the end of the meal.  My wife and I shared some chocolate sorbet.  It was good but just sorbet.We were both disappointed with the meal and decided we would not go back.  This place has a lot of hype behind it but frankly I have had much better steaks and meals at chain-type steakhouses.  For instance we have repeatedly gone to Smith&Wollensky in Vegas and never gone away disappointed.  There are so many choices in Vegas that are superior to this based on my experience.
3	My first time to this place was back in January 2011 after it was recommended by a friend. This place is not cheap by any means between myself and two others, the bill came to about $400. But my issue isn't so much with the money as it is the quality and value I expected to get for that price.I went on the cheaper side by getting a Surf and Turf for $65. It wasn't great and it wasn't bad either. I thought the lobster was actually better than the steak. My friend ordered the Surf and Turf as well and he shared the same opinion: it was just OK. The bottom line is: It wasn't worth $400.Afterwards, I shared my disappointment with the friend who recommended this place to me. He said Surf and Turf wasn't the way to go and I should've ordered the Wagyu beef or filet. So a couple of days ago, I gave it another shot.We went with a group of 12 people. The waiter highly recommended the chef special where you can get three courses but at least two people have to order it. I asked what the difference was between the beef in the Surf and Turf and the one in the special. He said the Surf and Turf was a grade 6 (it was 6 or 7) and the special was a grade 9. So I decided to join two others and placed the order.We got three different cuts of Wagyu beef with this combo. There was filet mignon, new york, and ribeye. We asked for medium rare but all three cuts came out as medium. It was pink in the center but all three of us felt that it was overdone. When we compared all three with our friends who ordered just the standalone filet, theirs was actually done just right. Somehow, medium rare for the standalone was better and done correctly but the more expensive one was not. Go figure.To say the least, the waiter was nice about it and gave good service throughout the entire time. He took back all three cuts and asked the kitchen to give us new ones. That took about 10 to 15 mins. Once the food came, it came out just the way we asked and expected...medium rare. It was tender and very pink for all three cuts.None of us were able to finish all the beef. I think part of the reason was that it was too rich. The amount of oil from the serving dish was pretty thick. We had asparagus, mushroom risotto, and baby spinach as sides so they contributed to the feast.Here's my bottom line. I gave this place second try and it didn't really make me feel any better. I spent quite a bit more this time...$175 for my meal and the overall experience was just barely OK. I'd never come back here again because I don't feel like it's worth my money. I can easily go to a different steakhouse for $100 in Vegas to get a better value.
3	This was a disappointment.  I expected to have excellent food and at least one dish that would be better than I had experienced anywhere else.  That didn't happen.  The food was good, not great.  Nothing stood out, although the service was pretty good and the ambiance was very nice.  I'm not even tempted to try it again.
4	got the wagyu rib eye and ordered medium, but came out well done, and i didnt complain just because...the beef was good, but a bit disappointed with this go around...the service was great though and that is always appreciated
1	I went here with my friend. We got the swiss chard, gratin potatoes, rack of lamb, and filet mignon, both medium. The lamb came out medium rare and the filet was dry and well done and cold. The potatoes were cooked fine but the sauce was thin and flavorless and the chard was nothing special. We were so disappointed we didn't even bother staying for dessert. The only saving grace was that I was footing the bill, which was good because I felt so bad for suggesting it. What a waste of money.
4	One of my favorites in Las Vegas.  Great steaks and good atmosphere.  Good presentation and reasonably priced for Las Vegas restaurant.  Like the semi casual atomshere and only reason not 5 Stars cause it's a ways to get there at the MGM GRAND.  Maybe if you take the TRAM instead of taxi it would be better.
5	Dinner for two came to $325 including tax and a 20% tip. We ordered off the the three-course menu. For this we got (total) two drinks, two salads, two appetizers, two steaks, three or four sides, and four desserts. Everything was truly delicious -- though the meal was two months ago and I've forgotten most of the details. I've been to great steakhouses and this is as good as if not better than the best.Staff treated us like VIPs.
5	So I was a bit torn about whether to give this restaurant 4* or 5* cause I didn't like it as much as my husband, but I don't like steak as much as him, so I have to go the trusty 4.5* rounded up to 5*.Now, even though it was 5* and a great restaurant, there were some definite pluses and minuses.  First pluses:AMAZING steak tartare - this was SOOOOOOOOO good!  Wagyu skirt steak - really tender and tastyPotato gratin - perfectly cooked, but I wish it had a bit more cheese and a little less creamThe minuses:Service was a little spotty.It was weird not to have bread plates (the bread, btw, was very tasty, but not OMG AMAZING)I just expected a little more from the steakThat being said, if you like steak and you want a good steak, come here!  Things were cooked perfectly and everything was really tasty!  You will not be disappointed in the quality of the steak.Oh, and we ordered 1 appetizer, 2 glasses wine, 2 steaks, 1 side, and 1 dessert for us and we were pretty full!  So if we would have done the tasting, we would have DIED!  Ordering a la carte really shouldn't be a problem :)
4	So being a fan of Top Chef this place needed to be visited. It is owned by Tom Coliccio the head judge for Top Chef. So let's say high expectations were already in place. The first thing that came out were the dinner rolls, they were small but topped with some butter and freshly grind-ed sea slat. It was agreed that if this was any indication of how the rest of meal would be then it was the best choice. I ordered some oysters, now being from East Coast I am picky and they were OK. A little on the small side but flavorful and good quality shell fish. Then my T-Bone came out. It was cut away from the bone to ensure the proper way I wanted cooked, medium of course. Then the fillet side was so tender I could have cut with a butter knife. The sides we ordered were the carrots and roasted potatoes. The waiter recommended that we split a side and they were large enough to accommodate us. All and all one of the best steaks I have enjoyed thus far. Cooked perfectly, great service, not too obnoxious and good atmosphere.
5	The best steak place you will ever eat at. EVER. I've been here four times and I'm never let down. The rolls are great and I recommend you start with the lemon drop and key lime martini.Advice. If you're going to try the Kobe Steak, don't go cheap on it. A skirt steak will be a skirt steak whether it's a Kobe or not so don't order it unless you like that cut. A friend did this because he wanted to try a Kobe steak and he wasn't impressed with what he got. Go with the rib eye. The mashed potatoes are great too. Honestly this is my all time favorite place to eat. I've tried the other steak houses- Carnevino, Gallhagers, Masteros... this is it. It will be pricey, we usually spend $200-$250 for two but it's worth it. Soooo worth it.Oh, and I've never had bad service here.
4	More 41/2 than 4. Wanted to try this place because I read good things about it on yelp. Overall an excellent dining experience the reason for the 4 stars is because I was disappointed with my steak otherwise every other facet of the meal was outstanding.I enjoyed the atmosphere but I'm always a little disappointed when a restaurant of this caliber feels the need to have TVs anywhere near the establishment. I started out with the Wagyu tartare which was tasty and contrasted well with the crostini I highly recommend this as a starter. Like I said before I wasn't  thrilled with my steak and I believe the cut had a lot to do with that.I ordered medium but it came out medium well and a little chewy,that was suprising considering steaks are what they specialize in.At Ruth's Chris the waiter/waitress have you cut the steak to make sure it's cooked to your liking, no such luck here.  The sides of risotto and baby spinach were great and enough to serve two people. The cocktails were made well and I recommend the cucumber martini. Next time I'll be having the Wagyu tasting menu.The meal came out to about $360 including tip but that's because of the seven drinks between me and my bud.  That's about average for most high end steakhouses that I have been too.
2	After hearing many rave reviews, my girlfriend and I decided to try Craftsteak. We were looking for a nice, romantic night out, but unfortunately it did not go exactly as planned. Although we had made reservations a few days ahead, we were seated  30 minutes late and in the bar area .  We had people's butts constantly shoved in our face, not exactly conducive to our "romantic atmosphere. Now for the food, I must say I was a bit disappointed as well, although it was still worth trying. We ordered a Caesar salad, the waygu skirt steak, the braised short ribs, the potatoes au gratin, and fried zucchini. The Caesar was weak at best and could have come from any other steak house in the country. Both meat courses were cooked perfectly and the portions were very respectable. For the price however, I would have expected more.  My disappointment was more with the side dishes. The potatoes were not cooked as thoroughly as I would have liked and rather bland, and then the zucchini was downright bad. The zucchini was overcooked and over battered, and the tomato aioli was pretty much straight mayonnaise. Now, looking back, it would appear that my review is a bit negative because we did actually have a  good time, and I would still tentatively recommend Craftsteak. In the end it was actually quite good, I have just had so much better, and at the prices they charge, I was expecting to have the best.
2	We had a reservation. Doesn't seem like it mattered. We had to wait an extra 7 minutes because they didn't have our table together yet. That's what we were told anyhow. There were six of us, we're all heavily tattooed, but were dressed appropriately and very nicely and prepared to spend a lot of money. We were seated in the very back by the kitchen while the couple that walked up before us with no reservation was seated in the same size booth we were, but in the center of the restaurant. Suspect. Our waiter took our orders and then we waited. And waited. And... Waited. An hour later we were served soups and salads. We were all starving from walking Las Vegas Blvd all day... The lobster bisque was fantastic. The truffle salad (as titled on the menu) was actually just dressed with a truffle vinaigrette. Oh well. It was a great salad, but a touch salty.Then we continued our wait. Through out the time we ordered until the time our entrees arrived, we were served bread THREE times in effort to stall for the waiting. Yes, the bread was salty, buttery and luxurious, but did we really need six plates of it? We were so hungry we had to eat it.When our food finally arrived, one and a half hours after ordering, I'm not sure anything short of perfection could have made us happy. I ordered the chicken and smoked paprika tossed French fries. For $36 you get 1/2 of a free range chicken. It was cooked okay, but I make free range chickens at home all the time and they are far more juicy and flavorful. The fries were alright, a bit dry, the smoked paprika was nice.The steaks, ordered by everyone else at the table were proclaimed to be too salty and a bit too charred though well cooked. I had a bite if and end piece and even it was perfect medium rare. They do cut the steaks into slices before you're served, which I don't prefer, but that is what it is.Overall, the atmosphere was stuffy and pretentious. We were treated as though we weren't there to spend a pile of money like everyone else was... And the food was "okay." nothing I'd go back for.We had Witchcraft for lunch and it was fantastic. Should have gone back for dinner and save a couple hundred dollars.
3	I wasn't that hungry and had the petite steak and scallops. It was good but I definitely wouldn't say this was the best steak I've ever had. The service was OK as well. I definitely didn't like the seating area. They sat us at a table between the windows and the bar, so I'm not sure what the rest of the dining area looks like. I guess it's nice if you don't want to sit in a traditional steakhouse? It didn't feel like fine dining, it felt like a bar that happened to serve a good steak.Come here if you want a good steak and you want to watch some tv. Don't come here if you're expecting some kind of fine dining experience.
4	My husband and I have been wanting to try this place for a very long time. We both love a good steak and I am a huge Top Chef fan, so we decided that for our 10 year anniversary we would finally see (taste) what everyone was talking about. I made the reservation about 2 months ahead of time online so that was not a problem. The night of our visit (4/30), we ran into the "cab line from hell" so we called to let them know we were running late. They were friendly and said it should not be a problem. When we arrived less than 5 minutes late for our reservation we were greeted and told that it would be a couple of minutes. We waited over 20 minutes to be seated as they were very busy. The "reservationless" people that inquired about tables were told that none were available until 10:30 PM (it was 8PM at the time). Once seated in a very nice area of the dining room (don't sit in the bar unless you have to) we were promptly greeted by both of our waiters. We quickly ordered drinks and were served the delicious rolls and butter that everyone else has mentioned. They are delish- I tried to avoid eating my 3 before my meal arrived, but they were so good I could not resist (also I would have been really starving had I waited, but more on that later). I ordered that Black Cherry Fizz and my husband had a Captain Morgan (Private Stock) and Coke. Both drinks were great. Our waiter gave us a very thorough explanation of the menu, especially the 3-course section. We decided on the 10oz filet for me and the 6oz filet and half lobster for my husband, as well as the fried zucchini blossom on the side. So began the wait, and some more wait, and more wait. The staff was friendly and attentive, but nobody said anything like"sorry it is taking so long", etc. In all, I believe our meal did not arrive until 40 minutes after we ordered. It seemed like all the tables around us were waiting just as long, so maybe that is just how they do service there. We had not ordered any appetizers or a 1st course so we were starving. Now for the good stuff-the food was great! Both steaks were cooked exactly to order-rare and medium rare and tasted wonderful. My husband's lobster was excellent also. The only thing we did not "love" was the zucchini blossom. It was truly fried and a bit too greasy. The tomato aioli dipping sauce was a nice accent though. We ate every bite of our meals and so we were too full for dessert (the selection looked great).However, one of the the food runners brought us each a plate of 4 mini chocolate pies with pieces of carmelized pineapple on top. Wow- that was absolutely great. Maybe because it was not expected, but also it was a very tasty dessert and I usually only order Creme Brulee or an ice cream dessert. There was no charge for the dessert so I think that they gave it to us because I had mentioned in the online reservation that we were celebrating our anniversary. Overall we had a very excellent experience at Craftsteak. The plus side was the food. The downside was the extensive wait time to sit and to eat. We would probably only go back for another special occasion since it is very expensive (my hubby wouldn't even let my see the bill), but we knew that going in. I am still a big Tom Colicchio fan and am glad to have shared the Craftsteak exprience!
2	I was in Las Vegas for a bachelorette party last weekend. We were excited for our first night out and a fancy dinner. Our salads were delicious and that's where the good stops. I decided to splurge and order the ribeye which is $50 a la carte and goes against my whole being because that is a ridiculous price. I thought "hey why not it's vegas?" I ordered my steak rare....it was overcooked and not seasoned well at all. I ordered a side of the fingerling potatoes with rosemary. I got little baby potatoes with a couple sprigs of rosemary on top. It was like one of those horrible dishes your grandmother throws together to make dinner seem fancy. It was very hard to hand over my portion of the bill when at home I can go down the street and order a 16oz Ribeye that comes with a baked potato and side salad for $9.95 (and it's the best damn steak I've ever had); I actually went there when I flew in to cheer up. Out of 5 of us only one liked their dinner; which happened to be the bachelorette so we were happy. Another one of us ordered the beef tartar and it came with something like bagel chips instead of a sliced baguette. When she asked the server if they had a sliced baguette she looked at her like she was insane; left for maybe a minute and then came back saying "they just couldn't do it".  VERY RUDE! We ended up taking our leftovers hoping we would see a homeless person to give them to. We also thought it was ironic that the owner of this restaurant is so judgemental on his show, yet this was a terrible dinner.
5	Just realized I never gave an update on my dining experience. Everything was delicious and the service was impeccable! Definitely a great deal if you're going to see a show there!
4	I was in Vegas for a bachelorette party and we decided to do a nice dinner here before heading out on the town.  loved the ambiance and the staff were so incredibly nice. our table of six girls made up about 90% of the female clientele in the restaurant since many of the other tables looked like they were full of business men and guys out for their bachelor party. since we were planning on a long night out we didn't want to cut it short by eating ourselves into a food stupor. the staff were so nice and accommodating about us sharing our food since they said they usually serve family style.  Here's the food breakdown:Oysters on the half shell: fresh, crisp, tasted like they were straight from the ocean.  No complaints there.Frisee Salad: Basic salad. good nothing amazing, but I enjoyed it. Porterhouse (shared 3 ways): Meat was definitely high quality and delicious! I like my meat cooked rare, but since I was sharing with 2 other people we went medium rare so the meat was a bit more done than I care for.  The meat was still flavorful and super juicy. We actually didn't even finish the porterhouse even among 3 girls with very healthy appetites!Sides: We ordered asparagus, yukon gold puree, and hen of the woods mushrooms.  At a steakhouse I'm really all about the meat so quality of the sides are important, but not my main focus. I enjoyed the asparagus and the yukon gold puree.  I usually enjoy any and all foods, but I have to admit the hen of the woods mushrooms were new to me and definitely had a taste that I found peculiar and just didn't work for me, but everyone else seemed to enjoy them. Dessert:  Table of 7 girls shared a chocolate souffle. IT WAS AMAZING.  Enough said... I'm not that big on chocolate but that souffle made me feel some feelings. ;)  Overall, food was consistently good and the offerings were fairly basic steakhouse fare. Staff was wonderfully attentive and nice. I would have appreciated a better $50-$75/bottle selection of wines.  I know it's a finer dining experience, but after dropping all that money on food a decent affordable bottle of wine would have made it that much better. :)
3	I think this is just an average steakhouse and i was disappointed after I read all the good things from yelpI had a filet mignon and it actuallyi tasteless. it was a little dry which i ordered a medium rare. The side dishes of mushroom was very dry. The spinach was average. There is nothing special about the steak which I am a steak lover. The price is too expensive for the quality. May be they are famous for certain type of steak
5	Craftsteak is delicious and the very best!!!
4	Food: 4.5 starsService: 5 starsValue: 4 starsIt is a high-end steak house that runs by an award-winning chef, Tom Colicchio. We ordered their Fall tasting menu which included appetizers (salad of roasted beets and pickled egg, warm goat cheese with red cabbage and saba, diver sea scallops with shaved fennel and lemon), main course of prime beef flat iron and roasted fillet mignon with sauce bordelaise, side dishes (roasted brussels sprouts with smoked bacon, butternut squash with sage, and sauteed shitake mushroom). I normally don't eat beef, but I couldn't resist to try a tiny bite of the flat iron and the fillet mignon. The meat was really juicy and so soft that it just melt in my mouth. The scallops were perfectly cooked and super delicious. All the side dishes were excellent and in decent portion for five of us. The tasting menu included the desserts of Chef's selection (cinnamon monkey bread, vanilla bean cheesecake, chocolate ganache cake... and some I didn't know the names.) All the food for just $85 per person (tax and gratuity are not included). The services was out of the world. We had three waiters served us and the food arrived our table in perfect timing. Although the dinner was a little pricey for my standard, I have to say that the food and service did worth it.
4	Great steaks! Love this place. I usually just sit at the bar, all the bartenders are fabulous and live up-to that old school bartender/steakhouse vibe. The frisee salad delicious with a poached egg on top!
4	Good food, but nothing really blew me away. I've eaten in Craft in Manhattan and nothing compares. Excellent sides and proteins, and price wise there is a family style dinner available that was super reasonable. Since there are so many great steak houses in Vegas I probably wouldn't go back. For the MGM though if your looking for a good steak this might be the place to stop in, but it's not worth a special trip.
4	When you go to a place like this expectations are high... and they should be at these prices. Tom Colicchio delivers on his promises. Nothing pretentious... clean simple really good food. Is it worth the money... that's a whole different topic of discussion. But I left very happy.  I shared a rib eye and a hanger steak with my friend. Both were cooked to perfect medium rare. The wine reduction was just right. Sides- salad greens, red peppers, spinach... all good. My other friend had the Filet and he was disappointed. That's why I don't order the filet it usually does disappoint!
5	I had high hopes for Craftsteak, and it definitely delivered. Fantastic food in a classy yet unpretentious environment, and amazing service. Some notes: -We ordered the cheaper steaks on the menu, and they were AMAZING. Melt in your mouth. Hard to imagine how good the Waygu and other pricey ones would be. But don't feel like you'll be shortchanged by ordering the cheaper ones. -Don't skip salads. The fava bean salad was the best thing I ate. Who knew a salad could be so good. -Sit at the bar before dinner if you have time. Our reservation was running a bit late, so we had a drink. The bartenders make the most delicious, strong drinks. If you love steak and want a classy dinner in Vegas, go here! You won't be disappointed.
4	wow! their food was delicious!!from beginning, we set reservations at 7pm on a friday night so waiting to be seated took a bit extra time. we just grabbed a drink from their bar. no big deal. after we were seated, our waiter explained the menu to us and of course, suggested the wagyu prix fixe meal which we agreed to. apps: scallops, two types of salads, and beef carpaccio? if i remember correctly, i didn't have the carpaccio bc that's the only thing the boy would eat b/w the four apps we got. i ate the scallops which were good and tasteful. the salads were delicious but i can't quite remember the names of them. ah well.entree: wowowow!! skirt steak. OH MY GOODNESS!!!!!!! seriously the best cut and grade EVER!!! i really liked this over the filet mignon cut. oh wow! the steak was juicy and tender and just melted in your mouth. ridonk!!! it really is that good. the filet on the other hand was a bit too red for the bf so they cooked it a bit longer and for me, i liked it the first time they brought it out so i didn't enjoy it as much as the skirt steak. sides: yukon mashed potatoes, mushroom medley, and asparagus. the mushroom medley - i took full charge of. i didn't like how the asparagus was prepared (it was a bit too overcooked for me) and the boy didn't like the different types of mushrooms they had. it worked out perfect for us bc he liked the asparagus (and my pee wouldn't smell) and i love all mushrooms! lol! the mushrooms were the perfect complement to the steaks we were eating. soo good!!! potatoes were a bit too runny for me, i like the fluffiness of potatoes, not when it's too liquefied. dessert: cheesecake (yum!!), chocolate ganache (meh), fruit platter (nothing to write home about), and gelato (i've had better)after our meal, we had a lot of leftovers and they were just as good the next day as when we were eating it right from the kitchen.waitstaff: very very attentive and worked like a great team should*** negative 1 star. idk what it was but my stomach was not feeling good. i finished my first drink from the bar and i felt fine. i then had a glass of wine but after ONLY a couple sips, i started feeling out of it. i requested to send it back. he asked if i would rather have another drink but i told him that  i'm done drinking for the night until i felt better so i said i'll stick to the water. after apologizing, i was expecting something to be taken off the bill, only to see them coming out with two glasses of champagne. WTF!? i said i was done drinking........ why in the world would they bring out alcoholic beverages?? i didn't drink it. dumba*s
5	AMAZING!!! Wow! Had the most delectable steak with warm frisee salad just an awesome experience ALL AROUND!!
4	I was really surprised we were even able to get reservations...we called less than a week in advance, had a group of 7, it was right after watching the Paquiao fight (which was also at MGM Grand). Plus, on top of all that, it's Tom Colicchio's restaurant!I ordered the steak and lobster which came with half a lobster and filet mignon. The filet didn't really come with any sauce but it was cooked perfectly and went well with some side dishes. The lobster was excellent, very moist and tender. My bf was loving the lamb. Overall I'd say it's 3.5 stars. Pretty standard steakhouse. The menu wasn't too innovative so there's no suprises there. I guess that can be either a good or a bad thing. If you like steak, you'll like this place. Great place for large groups in a semi-formal atmosphere. Everything is cooked perfectly, just the way you request it.
4	I've eaten here twice now. The service has been outstanding. The steaks good, the braised short ribs are to die for.
5	I will not go into detail as many other reviews do, forgive me.My fiancee and I have been to many steakhouses and without a shadow of a doubt we both agree this is THE best steak we've ever had as well as an overall fantastic experience. We've been here twice (last time was Christmas week, I know I'm a bit late).The wait staff was on their A game the entire night, never presenting themselves at an inconvenient moment, always at the right time like mind readers! The selection of wine (IMO) is superb. All of the food from the salads to the desert where delicious. Our steaks where cooked perfectly with just the right amount of juice and tenderness and fat and just wow. Excellent. I cannot praise them enough.There isn't anything negative about this place that I can think of. If you love steak you will absolutely LOVE Craftsteak. If you are in town, make this a sure stop. Dinner for 2 with a bottle of wine and a much earned tip ~$275
4	Two words for you -- "salt" and "butter."  That is the key to all their food.  They do not add a lot of fancy sauces but try to let the natural flavors of their food speak for themselves.  They season their dishes with generous amounts of salt and butter making everything very rich and flavorful.We enjoyed both the rack of lamb and a rib eye steak with three sides.  That is a good amount for two people.  Maybe three sides was a bit much and could have easily have gone with two.  If you get the dessert, go with the chocolate souffle.  It is "worth skipping a few bites of your meal to make room for it" good and to me was the highlight of the experience.The atmosphere is what brought my experience from 5 stars to 4.  For starters, it is somewhat loud.  There are a lot of hard surfaces that just reflect sound and nothing to really absorb it.  Also, they play blues and country music in the background which sort of cheapens the atmosphere.  I felt like the waiters were going to come out at any minute and do a line dance in the aisles.The food was excellent, although I do question the high prices of everything.  I feel like many people praise Craftsteak because they spent $50+ for a steak and another $15+ for side dishes.  It was good, but I've had decent steaks at half the price elsewhere.  But hey, this is Las Vegas and if you going to spend hundreds of dollar on something it might as well be a fine meal instead of losing it at the craps tables.
5	MGM Grand has a sign out front that says "The City of Entertainment". MGM Grand is more like "The City of Restaurants". There are so many good choices in this resort that it is very hard to choose which upscale place you'd like to dine. Well, look no further. Craftsteak is easily accessible if you come from the Valet or the parking garage. If you walked in the front door of the MGM Grand by the strip, you have a long hike to get here. The food is excellent, the portion sizes are great and the atmosphere is warm and inviting. My previous three journeys into the Craftsteak, I ordered the 16oz Skirt Steak. Not the Wagyu version, the base version. Pretty much, if you were ordering cars at a steak house......you'd have your choice between the BMW 3-Series or the Toyota Camry. I always picked the Toyota. Why? Well, the skirt steak that they served at $36/16oz was sufficient and delicious. Unfortunately, it seems based on their menus online that they only have the Wagyu kobe skirt steak now at a hefty $69/12oz. If you want a BMW 3-Series steak, knock yourself out. The truffled mac and cheese and the other sides here are excellent, but unnecessary.  You only need the steak here because if you order lots of sides, you'll be wasting lots of food.All in all the decor is nice, and the service is excellent which makes Craftsteak a perfect place for a quiet dinner.  I'll recommend this place to everybody I meet who stays at MGM Grand, however, I'll go across the street to Stripsteak @ Mandalay Bay for my favorite cut of skirt steak.
5	We had an awesome dining experience at Craftsteak in Las Vegas (Inside MGM Grand). All of the food was fabulous. The atmosphere was romantic and very chic. Exactly the type of place you want to go while in Las Vegas.  My date and I had a large booth all to ourselves.  Best of all, the staff is extremely knowledgeable about gluten and celiac disease. Our waiter went through the menu and pointed out the (very few) items that I could not have. The waiter informed us that the restaurant had pretty much done away using wheat flour to because of the frequency of diners with celiac and wheat allergies.  The chef and cooking staff are schooled on cross-contamination, too. Also, they have an excellent wine list and I had a champagne cocktail in place of dessert that was like heaven in a glass.
4	Almost perfect meal.  I deduct one star and that is not entirely the fault of the restaurant.  The food here is so delicious and the service was wonderful.My friend and I had dinner here during a business trip.  We are both fans of Top Chef and thought it would be cool to judge, the head judge of top chef.  I ordered lobster bisque, the rib eye, and chocolate souffle.The first bite of each dish will always tell you the quality of the dish.  After one spoonful of lobster bisque, I was sold.  It was so rich and flavorful!  The lobster pieces were so tender and juicy.  My ribeye was served sizzling in a metal pan.  I had ordered it medium rare.  It was cooked perfectly and the flavor just exploded in my mouth.  Each bite left me craving more.  It was unbelievably good.  My meal was finished off with the amazing chocolate souffle, that was a perfect ending to an amazing meal.  The servers were spot on and showed that this was definitely one of the best restaurants in Vegas.Why the deduction of a star you ask?  The tables are too close to one another.  You're practically sitting with the people next to you.  In this case it was very very bad!  We were seated next to some loud mouth guy that was bragging about how much money he made.  He also went on to talk about how he had been in rehab since he was 16.  I swear it was disgusting!.  We were trying to mind our own business, but you couldn't help but hear this guy's stories because our tables were so close.  I don't mind conversation during a meal, but I'd rather not hear about someone's sexual history and how many times a night a guy shags his wife.  I spoke with the manager about it.  She was very apologetic.  She gave me her card with her persoanl contact information and requested that I contact her about the evening.  I wrote a letter to  Lauren Vacca, the VIP manager.  I haven't heard from her since.  Which is fine.  I didn't really expect her to reply.  I just think it's bad management to not follow up on a letter of complaint.  Especially when I spoke with her in person about the situation.Nevertheless, Colicchio's Craftsteak is a good dining experience.  As long as you have decent people sitting at the tables next to you.
4	So, me and my friend always try to do a steakhouse in Vegas.  We've done Prime, Gallaghers, and this time, for the ease for us to get to, decided on Craftsteak this time.  This place is much larger then it looks, and the decor is fantastic.  You walk through, and notice a lot, the pictures on the walls, very clever, and the all wood, including legs, tables.  We were extremely tempted to do 1 of the prix-fix menus, but we were not hungry enough to do that, as we ate more then we should have at happy hour.Bread- I have to point out that the bread was extremely good, and addicting, they will just continue to bring it out in the tray it was cooked in, try not to fill up on the bread, as me and my friend partly did.I started with the Maine Lobster Bisque soup, and my friend got the Warm Frisee Salad.  The presentation on my soup, was incredible, mostly cause it was so unexpected.  They brought the lobster over with all the seasonings in the bowl, and then bring the liquid part of the soup out in a aluminum warming dish, and then pour it over the lobster, which was great, it doesnt cook the lobster too much.  And the soup was very good.  My friends salad was very good, maybe even better then my soup, the pieces of smoked bacon were nice and thick cut, and the farm egg was fantastic.Main course, I ordered the Beef Shortrib, and my friend ordered the ribeye, both med-rare.  My beef shortribs again came out in a little serving dish of its own.  I've had a lot of beef shortribs, these were incredible, possible one of the best i've had.  What was nice and refreshing about this was that the sauce was not a real thick almost bbq like sauce.  The shortribs feel apart fantastically, and the onions that were cooked with it, amazing too.  Easily would recommend that.  My friends ribeye, was surprisingly good.  You can easily screw up a ribeye, or make it have no taste, this was not the case in this situation.  Overall, yes there are better steakhouses on the strip, but this places easily holds it own.
5	Started with one of each of the three oysters, then the two person porterhouse.  The cut was enormous! It is expensive, but trust me, you will get your money's worth.  We also had the twice whipped potatoes, the deep fried zucchini, and the maui onion.  I must recommend all of these sides! All this food was more than enough to gain a taste of the restaurant and to satisfy our appetite.
4	We had a really great meal here on Sunday night. The service is impeccable, the restaurant is beautiful inside and the food is really good.(I'm a great restaurant reviewer, no?)We started off with cocktails: a Macallan 18 for him, a Blanton's on the rocks for me. My bourbon came with a single massive ice cube. So classy!We had the beet salad and roasted red pepper salad to start. I pigged out on the warm rolls they served while my husband wisely abstained to save room for steak. I ordered the filet mignon, the husband got some strip steak. We shared bites and groaned. The meat was so delicious - peppery and tender. Our side was the au gratin potatoes, which were...you guessed it...really good. I have a way with words.The only reason I'm giving this place four stars is because we both felt  that it's overpriced for what it is. We both agreed the steak was perfect, but it wasn't the best piece of steak either of us had ever had.But what you're really paying for is Colicchio's name, and it was an experience we're both happy to have had.
4	After having been to Craft in LA, I was really excited about coming here. I couldn't wait to stuff my face with the finest in red meat and partake in elegant wines. I came here with three friends on a Saturday night as part of our Vegas excess weekend. We got a 10PM reservation and we waited about 15 minutes before being seated. The inside is pretty big and the decor is pretty much what Craft LA looks like - modern with earthy colors, clean lines and warm light. The service was great. The server was able to answer all of our questions and the sommelier came by when we had questions about wine.The bread they served at the start was hot, fresh, buttery, and sweet. It reminded me of Kings Hawaiian sweet rolls. It didn't need butter, but if you wanted to slather some on for good measure, it was there. We ordered a bottle of red wine and settled in for the meal. I don't remember which red wine we got, but it was very smooth and went well with our meal.We started with the warm frisee salad with bacon and egg. It is one of the most decadent salads I've eaten. The warm egg coated everything in a creamy blanket as you mixed up the salad and the savory crispy bacon punched through as you ate everything together. If salads were always like this, I would eat it every day.For the main course, I got the 12 oz. domestic wagyu skirt steak, medium. Two of my friends shared the 32 oz. dry aged porterhouse, and my other friend got the surf and turf. We also ordered sides of spinach and yukon gold puree. Usually at steakhouses, the meat comes out piping hot because the plate is hot like a space shuttle on reentry. Maybe they just don't do that here, or maybe our food was waiting a while for pickup, but my steak was just lukewarm when it arrived. I was a little disappointed. That said, the skirt steak had great flavor, had perfect tenderness, and I ate the whole thing.I could see my friends that ordered the porterhouse were struggling, and I saw why. It was so massive. I tried a piece, and it had a quick hit of great flavor, but the sheer size of my piece had me munching on it past its flavor burst, like a piece of gum.The sides of spinach and yukon gold puree were tasty too, but also, for some reason, were not very hot when they came out.We didn't get dessert because we were so full, and we didn't want to feel like beached whales.Overall, it was an awesome time with great friends and great food. My only gripe was the temperature of the food when it came out. It might seem like a nitpick, but having your food nice and hot when it arrives makes a big difference.
4	Ate here alone in February '11 and everything was comped so i went a bit overboard...Started with a salad and remember it was good.Asked for a nice glass of red (was $50 or so and tasted good with the steak)The wagyu filet mignon at a whopping $300 tasted good but well... tasted like a big cut of filet mignon (thank God this was free)The yukon gold puree were excellent as was the mushroom assortment (couldn't even finish it)The staff from hostesses to my server were VERY friendly.  They charged my phone while I was there and made jokes all night.  Good people, good crowd, good vibe, good food.  Left extremely full and satisfied.
4	Loved loved their dinner rolls. I always end up eating almost a dozen of them we're here..can't resist. The service is great, just make sure you make a reservation beforehand since they do get pretty crowded. BF and I got the mashed potatoes, lobster bisque (highly recommended) and a 10 0z filetmignon cooked medium which was delicious. Our friends got the scallops and rib eye which were really good as well. Side dishes are about $15 each, entrees anywhere from $50-$120 depending on what you get. Definitely a special treat whenever we're in Vegas.
2	We came here with our usual group of 8 people. The reservation was made several weeks in advance. After reading the reviews on Yelp, everyone was beyond excited for a great meal.... too bad it was a total disappointment!The service was "crappy" to say the least. After putting in our orders, it took an hour and a half for us to be served. My steak came our room temperature and tasted horrible. One member of our party didn't get his meal until 20 minutes after the rest of the table was served.In the past we have eaten at CUT, and maybe this superior experience ruined it for other restaurants. The service there is impeccable, everyone gets their meal at the exact same second! If you want to have a great meal, avoid Craftsteak and go to Cut or Mastro's instead.
5	This place is fabulous! Trips to Vegas are not complete without a meal at Craftsteak. The steaks here are so delicious I leave completely stuffed but wanting more! The side items are incredible too. My husband and I did make the mistake the first time of ordered 3 side items- boy was that a mistake! The sides are family style and large enough for 4+ people! We've learned how to handle the menu now, as well as aggressive waiters! Something other than steak to really highlight is their Tomato and Mozzarella Caprese Salad- they serve this common appetizer with toasted hazelnuts which make their version about as good as it gets!
5	Returned again for my best friend's birthday. Again, everything was impeccable, the service, the food, the cocktails, the ambiance. This is my favorite restaurant, ever. You will never see me in Vegas unless I have reservations here.
2	Things in Vegas have changed, people are not gambling as much so EVERYTHING has gone up and I must admit I did experience Sticker Shock in a number of places.  This place was the worst example of that, I felt that the Value was just not there.  Food was OK dessert was better than the main entrees and service was Poor. We were a party of six to the Tip was added and for $186.00 the dude should have stood next the table the entire night not been an absentee waiter. I see no reason to go back, None.
2	Not sure how others are rating this place.  If you rate on the steak, they get 2 stars at best.  It was tough, dry and needed some A1 sauce or something even more pedestrian to grant it a bit of flavor.  I've had far better steaks at Outback.  Lone Star is another $20 steak joint that bests this place with ease (and half the price).  Ambiance was nice.  Service was good (not great).  Cocktails were good.  Presentation was OK.  When I pay that much for a steak, I expect a lot from it.  I was very disappointed.  Maestros, Mortons, Flemings, etc. all charge roughly the same but they are by far the preferred choice.  I'm thinking there are some shills rating this place higher than it deserves or they just haven't been to one of the other sites for true Prime beef cooked to perfection.
1	Where do I begin? Oh yes, the bar "losing our order", what a great start. This was followed by the landslide. -Hostess takes us to a table, only to immediately take us to a "better table". -Sit at the "better table" for 20 minutes without service. -I go to the hostess stand to ask if we have a waiter, she apologizes and assures me a manager will be with me immediately. We were there for an hour and 45 minutes total, the manager never arrived. -Our second attempt at ordering drinks fell flat. Third time worked. -Had to stop a different waiter to get a wine menu that our waiter was coming right back with, 20 minutes earlier. To the food:-3 of 4 steaks were grossly overcooked. -Lobster bisque was bland.-Salads were mediocre, at best. -Asparagus was good, but that's easy. In all, everyone at the table agreed this was the worst restaurant experience any of us have had. Very disappointing as a close friend that is a major foodie described it as a "life changing meal" for him. I guess technically it was for me too, just not in a good way.  I'm appalled that we spent more PER dish than an entire meal for four at the likes of Outback Steakhouse and left wishing we had gone to Outback Steakhouse. I will stick to Les Artistes Steakhouse when in Vegas. Thanks for a horrible ending to our fabulous wedding day.
5	I have never written a review within 20 minutes of finishing dinner, but I just finished an incredible meal.We showed up about 10 minutes early and were seated right away.Our waiter Marvin was incredibly knowledgeable and had a great attitude and took care of us real well.  He guided us through the menu, but we wanted to keep it somewhat basic.  There were 4 of us...2 filets and 2 rib eyes.  All were cooked exactly as requested.The sides were sweet corn and Marvin's recommendation, the risotto.  I couldn't believe it, but every bite I took of anything was just better than the next!Drinks were refilled without request.Tom Colicchio's concentration on quality meat and seasonal vegetables were evident as everything tasted great.Just an amazing steak dinner.  I'm not too sure about spending the $200+ per person, but if I was to try it anywhere I would do it here.
3	After the Crafsteak in Atlanta closed due to complications with The Mansion negotiations, I was ready to dive in Sin City's version. I'm sad to report that I was satisfied with only a few of the myriad offerings. Below are the items I sampled as part of our tasting. We were a table of 16 and still managed to get quick and friendly service. A few of us even threw our waiter for a loop by requesting seafood as opposed to the meat options. I still tested out the meat options but can tell you that the scallops, the caprese salad, the braised short ribs and the prosciutto Di Parma along with my wine were may favorite among all of the fair I sampled. Bailey's and cafe au lait- Perfect ending to my mealpineapple upside down martini- Not very good at all and overly sweetProsciutto Di Parma with pears and toasted hazelnuts- Very goodItalian buffalo mozzarella with roasted red peppers- most excellentPotatoes au gratin- very heavyAsparagus- Very fresh and cooked wellMushroom melange- I'm not a mushroom fan, so I have no comment.Braised short ribs- Very tasty Diver sea scallops- Cooked perfectly and deliciousPrime angus flat iron steak- okFilet mignon- alrightHomemade ice cream and sorbets- Most of these were off flavors and less than appealingVanilla bean cheesecake- decentCinnamon monkey bread- pretty good but an odd item to have on the menu
4	We got the two cheapest steaks and they were AWESOME. I loved the hangar steak. The bread at the table was fresh and delicious. We had a couple different cocktails, all of which were great. Service was good too. Loved the decor. Those were the only things we ordered, and I think our bill came to around $130 (two people).It loses a star because, after I ordered a Diet Coke (Tom Collicchio did those commercials for it, remember??), they brought out a tiny aluminum bottle (AKA, no refills). And when the bill came, it was $4.50. I expected better from a fellow DC fan, Tom.
5	We have visited Craftsteak about 7 or 8 times now that we live here in town and we never regret it! In fact, we often venture out to try new restaurants and find ourselves longing for Craftsteaks food, service and ambiance. My boyfriend and I have begun to split one steak and its the perfect amount-we usually get the NY strip or Ribeye depending on our mood. The steaks are always melt-in-your-mouth delicious!! We ALWAYS get the yukon gold mashed potatos and the maui onions which are never less than amazing. We have had the caesar salad before which is very good as well. The rolls that they bring are addicting! The service is always top-notch, friendly, speedy, and classy without being stuffy. We absolutly LOVE this place! A must do for out of towners and locals!!
4	You haven't had skirt steak until you have been here. Meat so tender that it melts like fat in your mouth. Wow. Amazing!Risotto, potato puree and scallops for sides. Risotto was delicious, mixed with fresh peas and mushrooms (perfectly crisped on the edges) on top. Potato puree was also very good. I'm still thinking about it as I write this review. Scallops... Not so much. Wouldn't recommend for price you're paying. I felt bad since the waiter didn't really recommend it but we chose it anyway. Better go with the recommendations next time!The bread is mostly butter. Be ware it fills you up really quick! We had to doggie bag some of the food because we ate too much bread.Syrah was delightful as well. Full bodied and smooth. Yum.Service was really amazing also. So lovely and nice.
5	Went into Craftsteak with high expectations and after It was all said and done, I was not disappointed at all. I really don't know where to start because everytyhing was good from start to finish.The complimentary bread was great, I started off with the lobster bisque which was tasty & smooth, oysters were fresh and of good quality. The highlight of it all was the Wagyu Kobe skirt steak in which I admit is the best steak I have ever tasted!! ( and I've tried various steaks from different places prepared in various ways) the steak was very tender and juicy the way it should be. The sides that I had with the steak (huge scallops, mushroom medley, white corn, yukon gold mashed potatoes) were awesome, no complaints whatsoever. The service was great as well, the waiter was knowledgeable and on top of things, the atmoshere was lively and well lit.Craftsteak is located on the strip @ MGM Hotel so if you are ever in Sin City and looking for a great steakplace to eat, I highly recommend this place. It's very worth it!!
4	Awesome steakhouse.  We were a group of nine guys of less than wealthy means but the waitstaff treated us with great respect and were always attentive.I started with some oysters just because I hadn't had any in a while and enjoyed them.  I had the New York strip, and it was the first time I've ever had it perfectly cooked to medium-rare, truly delicious.  I paired it with a glass of their syrah which was one of the best glasses of my limited experience.No one in our group complained and most raved.  For nine people with normal entrees, a few side dishes, and drinks all around the bill came to ~$900 but I imagine most people would spend more.Finally, the atmosphere was classy and understated, a welcome relief
5	Superb meal. Had the wagyu course, it was perfection.Before the meal, the bartender recommended a great scotch based on my normal brands, and it was delicious too.I don't give many five star reviews. I've been to craftsteak several times now, and they've earned it every time.  Service, drink, food - great!
2	The food was average. There wasn't anything special that set them apart from other steak houses. I ordered the braised lobster while my friend ordered the rib eye. We shared so we can both have a surf n turf kind of meal. The steak was ok. I felt it need a little more seasoning. The lobster was overcooked. It was a chewy mess. My mom got the rack of lamb. She hardly had anything on her plate after she trimmed off the fat. The sides were horribly bland. We got the spinach and asparagus. I loved the sides at Brand in Monte Carlo. I was thoroughly disappointed with the sides here. Anyone can throw a high grade piece of meat on the grill and make it taste good but a good chef can make something boring like spinach taste spectacular. I was expecting somewhere between good and spectacular for $$$$. I would give this place 3 stars but the service sucked. This older black guy waited on us and he neglected us the whole night. He never once refilled my coke. Not once in the 2 hours we were there. He also dropped off dessert menus on our table and didn't return for another 30 mins to take our order. Unfortunately by then we were just over it. I'm pretty understanding when a place is super busy or short staffed but it was neither. I would not recommend this place to anyone esp since there are so many good places to eat in Vegas.
3	Barely good enough for the money you will spend.  The wine list is overwhelming and the menu is full of pretentious dishes that fall short of expectations.The food here is definitely good, but you can get a comparable or better meal at a place like Tender or Brand.Their dessert menu is probably the best thing they got going.
5	Let's just start by saying that if red meat always tasted this good I would have eaten more red meat in my life. This was easily one of the top three meals I have ever eaten. And the service was fantastic to boot. Waygu beef is their specialty, so why would you not get the Waygu beef?  It's not cheap but c'mon, this is Vegas, my guess is you've already wasted as much on slots/poker/craps/roulette/etc. If you're not a local, when in Vegas, live it up! We decided to get the three course meal, and it was an obscene amount of food. Between two of you, you get three half salads, lobster bisque, two types of Waygu beef, three sides and four deserts. Redic, but oh so delicious. When you look at the cost of that, compared to the cost of the filet, just go with the three course meal, you can't go wrong. Nothing disappointed - and even though I could only eat one bite of the monkey bread, man that was one delicious bite. Sure, you can find a less expensive place to eat, but you won't find a more delicious steak.
4	Overpriced and over wraught were the first words that popped into my mind within the first 5 minutes of sitting down at our table.Except then I realized that this wasn't over "anything"  - it was THE steak place for goldilocks and the baby bear - juuussttt right!
3	A girlfriend and I dined here for the first time when we were here for the Great Urban Race Nationals. We shared a wonderful bottle of wine and the short ribs and got a couple of sides. Everything was perfectly delicious. I loved it so much that I bribed my husband to take me here for my 30th birthday. Once again I was no disappointed. I give the food 5 stars as I cannot imagine how that could get any better. I give the seating 2 stars. The first time I was here I had booked reservations over a month away. Our table was right next to the bar in the front area. It wouldn't be too bad except there was a large party waiting at the bar for their table. We literally had butts 6 inches away from our faces for most of our dinner. When we asked the manager if anything could be done she apologized, but didn't ask them to move, offer us another table, or any sort of comp whatsoever (another glass of wine might not have made me care so much). It was seriously ridiculous. When I returned with my husband we were in the main dinning area. There was a conference in town so it was busy and loud, not quite the romantic setting that a steakhouse of this caliber and price should and could be. The dining area is large enough that you could easily split it up into larger groups that are naturally going to be loud and smaller groups that want a quieter dinner. Luckily your food was so amazing because the seating thing really got under my skin and I'm not sure if I'll be back because of it.
5	Amazing dinner. Gf took me here for a bday dinner. Best beef I ever had!'
5	Hands down one of the best meals (and one of the most expensive lol) I have ever eaten. Every single time I visit Las Vegas I book at least one dinner here. I've tried just about everything on the menu and it is all fantastic. Better book way ahead or have the MGM concierge book for you though. You will not regret it!
4	Ate here last week.  The meal and so so, but the service was excellent.  My steak was a little overcooked.  The side dishes were good.   Pretty good place.
5	We have been to Craftsteak two times in two years, and we sat at the same table both times. We like consistency!Last year, we went with the short ribs and lobster bisque as those were the signature dishes. Both were delicious. My fiance was able to cut his short ribs with a fork. I had hangar steak and it was one of the best steaks I have ever eaten. This year, we wanted to try something new and got the rib eye, surf and turf, sweet corn and baby spinach. The sweet corn was too salty, but they made a new batch for us immediately. The rib eye may have been even better than the hangar steak from last year. For dessert, we had the summer fruit plate and two scoops of ice cream (brown sugar sour cream and hazelnut chocolate chip). All of the fruits were perfectly in season, including pluots (my favorite!). The ice creams blew our minds. On top of all this, the service was wonderful. Both years, they were able to arrange our table so we could sit side by side, without us even asking. I have great respect for Tom Colicchio after eating here. We will likely make this restaurant a Vegas tradition for all trips in the future.
4	I would have given this a 5 star but the service lacked. Our waiter only showed up at the first 10 minutes and at the last 5 minutes of our visit. His helper and the busboy were the only ones semi-paying attention to us and that's even with us ordering 4 of the $160/ea surf and turf tasting deals. Well, 4 stars for the beef, lobster, potato puree and risotto cooked with chunks of pork. Beef (Domestic Wagyu): One of the best beef flavors and texture I've ever tasted. I was totally mesmerized with each bite. They serve the Flank, Rib-Eye, and NY Strip. The Flank was my favorite. Just incredible Wagyu Beef! Lobster (about 1 lb for ea person): This was cook al dente. Some people might think it's under cooked but it's not. Al dente lobster has the perfect texture and has that great lobster taste you can't beat. But here, even though I loved the lobster, the Wagyu beef was the superstar. Potato Puree (Yukon Gold): Buttery and creamy; the best potato puree I've had. This is a must side dish because the buttery taste matches very well with the beef or the lobster. Risotto: It has stringy chucks of pork in it. Savory and the right amount of moister. They have this side dish down to a science. The rest of the side dishes, starters and some of the deserts were just ok. Something I can make at home by going to my local Von's for some basic ingredients. PLEASE BE AWARE!!! If you have any left overs and you want them wrapped up for you to take home, make TRIPLE SURE the busboy confirms he will. We had a lot of expensive left orders and my brother-in-law and I told the same busboy we wanted to take them home. He threw it all away and said we didn't tell him anything. They semi made up for it but boy was I pissed and it kind of gave me a sour stomach.p.s. the seats in the booths are of suede but are very worn and feel as there is food crumbs.
5	I can honestly say this was the best meal of my life. My BF and I started at the bar and we had done well that day at the tables, so we ordered a bottle of champagne. The bartender was awesome, so friendly, and helped us pick out just the right choice. Once the table was ready, they expertly handled the transfer of the champagne to the table, so it was just waiting for us - on ice - when we got there. We had 2 waiters who were both awesome, and we were sitting next to David Spade, which kind of added to the snob appeal...lol. (Funny side note...he was with a super hot chick and a Chris Farley look-alike, and was sitting on his KNEES in the booth the whole time. Like a kid. Weird.)We started with the Charcuterie Sampler...I had never heard of this, but it's like a selection of fine shaved meats (mostly raw). I believe there was raw bacon in there and it was heavenly. The waiter paced the evening perfectly, and he helped me select my meal. I went with the filet medium rare paired with Diver Sea Scallops. You got to choose a sauce on the side so I went with the bernaise. Now, I am a HUGE steak fan/snob so it took a lot for me to go with the scallops and not just get a huge Flinstone-style hunk of meat. But the waiter did not steer me wrong. Seriously, it was food porn. I could not stop looking at it, talking about it, tasting it, etc. The steak was cooked to perfection and the scallops were the best seafood I've ever had in my life. They had a sort of sweet, almost mapley flavor, and I was seriously bummed when there were gone. I did not share one bite. I don't remember what my BF had...sorry was just too obsessed with my meal. Everything about this place was perfect. I am trying Prime next month so I'll let you know how that compares!Oh - the cab driver on the way there was very impressed we were going there and said it's known as the best steakhouse in Vegas. Go! Enjoy!
4	Walking into this place, I knew that I was in a high class restaurant. We were seated in our own individual booth shaped like a U and facing the rest of the restaurant. Their steaks were delicious and cooked to perfection. My rib eye's temp was just right and the meat was extremely flavorful. I also got to try the Wagyu NY strip...$135+ for a piece of meat as big as my fist! But heck, although I felt like I was eating gold, it proved to be one of the most delicious piece of meat I'd ever tasted. It was melt-in-your-mouth, flavorful, and absolutely the most tender thing I'd ever had. The side dishes, like the wild mushroom medley, were absolutely delicious!The service was excellent. Some of the steaks were a little too charred and, unintentionally, this was casually mentioned to the manager who was making rounds at each table. She apologized profusely and comp'd one of each of the entire dessert menu! Wow, now that's wonderful customer service. I would not hesitate to come back here again...gosh, if only it wasn't so pricey! The desserts were so delicious and so delicately made. I'm normally not one to order desserts, but knowing how deliciously they made their desserts, I would definitely save some room next time.Craftsteak, you are (so far) an unbeatable Vegas favorite (for a steakhouse).
4	I'd have to agree with the 4 star average rating.I've eaten here a few times and have come away content, but not blown away.  Everything is done well but not over the top, which may be their intent.Food wise they do offer a great selection of beef from domestic, domestic kobe, or the way out of my price range imported A5 wagyu.  They seem to always push the domestic kobe skirt steak, which is actually really good.  Don't bother with the scallops as someone else mentioned.  They are small and way overcooked.  You are at a steak house.. stick with the steak.Sides are really good.  They offer roasted sunchoke which is something I've never tasted previously, but I do miss the pan roasted sweet corn.  Warm frisee salad is always a winner to start with.  Ambiance is nice, kinda dark inside unlike Carne Vino or Joe's.Oh they do have the BEST rolls.  I could eat about 50 of these.4 Stars!
4	I decided to write my first Yelp review as I very much enjoyed my meal here last Friday night.  I was celebrating my bday in Vegas and my friends took me here for a surprise bday dinner.  Nice decor and didn't feel too stuffy.  Waiters were very helpful and attentive.  The wine suggestion he gave turned out to suit us just right.  I had the braised short ribs which was delish! So tender and full of flavor.  Some friends shared the 32oz Porterhouse while others had the rib eye and T-bone.  Had a little sample of each and all were cooked well.  We also shared some sides, the corn was yummy and mushroom assortment too.  The sugar peas I could pass on.  But overall, a great meal! I hear the one in LA is not as good as the Vegas one.  I will definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	This is simply one of the best meals I've had in my life (and I've had a lot of good meals). We ordered the Chef's Selection three course menu, which includes two cuts of steak and a plethora of appetizers and sides.I was so full after this meal that I skipped breakfast the next day, and ate a light lunch.All of the dishes were outstanding, but my favorites were the rib eye and filet steaks, the warmed frisee salad with pork bits and egg, ALL of the side dishes (asparagus, wild mushrooms and a mushroom-topped risotto) and the home-made sorbets.Extra points: my favorite Scotch is The Glenroths, which is brand that is not commonly carried in many bars and usually bars will only stock one bottle. Craftsteak had bottles from 7 different years on hand, first time I've ever seen that.
3	Good, not great. Novel to eat at a celebrity chef's restaurant, but I had to send my steak back. Mid-rare came out med-well. Sides were good. Gorgeous restaurant, but not as memorable as, say, Alexander's Steak House from a food standpoint. Where was Padma Lakshmi.....
5	I'm always hesitant to give 5 stars but I think Craftsteak deserves it! I went there for my goodbye dinner with my old team at work. We ordered off of their three course family style menu and were able to sample 4 or 5 cuts of steak. Every single one was seasoned well and cooked to perfection!The sides were to die for as well. The yukon gold puree was so creamy and delicious, asparagus was divine, corn was AMAZING, the mushroom assortment was perfect on top of the steak and the carrots were good as well. The salads were all quite tasty and don't get me started on the desserts! One of the nicest and most delicious steak dinners I've ever had. We even opted for a delicious bottle of wine that was paired perfectly with our meal and the service was impeccable! This is a place that everyone should try at least once. You shall not be disappointed.
5	Oh. My. Gosh.My two girlfriends and I went to Craftsteak for a fancy dinner our first night in Vegas.  We all enjoy food, so we decided to get the Chef's Menu.The menu was kind of confusing since there were four kinds of meat listed, and that's it.  We thought we'd each choose an appetizer, a steak, and a dessert...but we were wrong.  We kept asking our waiter, "so, what comes with it?" and he'd say, "we like to do this this this this and this" and we just nodded, not really understanding.When we ordered the Angus beef chef's menu, we had no idea what we were in for.  We basically got EVERYTHING:  four appetizers, three steaks, and five desserts served family style.  We brought a nice bottle of wine to go with dinner ($35 corkage) and ordered martinis, but all the food soaked up any kind of buzz we could have had.The highlight was the corn. Holy crap was that good.  It's just roasted corn, browned butter, white onion and green onion.  My tummy is still smiling.Go to Craftsteak, order from the Chef's menu, then thank heaven for Tom Colicchio.The only way it could have been better is if I ordered the Australian Waygu and Curtis Stone cut and fed it to me.
5	I had been anxiously waiting for our trip to Vegas so that I could try craftsteak. I am happy to report that it was awesome! My husband and I tried the chef's menu, which I highly recommend. The house bread is to die for...buttery and salted...yum! Although, the Wagyu (spelling ?) beef was fantastic, the ny strip stole the show. Everything tasted fantastic and portions were actually generous...even for a tasting menu. The atmosphere was great and the service was excellent. We had the opportunity to eat at several highly rated restaurants during our recent trip to Vegas, including Joel robechon's, and craft was our hands down favorite.
5	My foodie friend recommended this place to me when she found out I was going. She said it was like the best meal she ever had, and I completely agree with her. We made late reservations after a show, we got there earlier than expected but the staff was more than accommodating. They seated us way before our reservation time. The ambiance of the restaurant was so inviting, it would have been great for a large group of people celebrating and a more intimate date type situation. We chose to do the chef's menu. There were just way too many selection and this way was easier. For the chef's menu you choose from I think three types of meat, the angus beef, the domestic wagyu, and a surf and turf. The prices are set accordingly, 115, 140, and 160 respectively. Since everything is shared, you can't choose an option different from your table. (Maybe a bigger group can, but it was just me and my BF and we had to choose the same type of meat) We let the chef choose what cuts to give us and how to prepare, you can't go wrong there. They also gave us the option of choosing what sides we wanted, or just have the chef choose what he thought would go best with the main dishes. We let the chef choose and loved everything. The roasted red bell peppers with garlic was my favorite. The wagyu beef tartare was freakin amazing!! There was also a plate of various types of mushrooms, you'd love it if you're a mushroom fan. The potato puree was delicious, buttery and creamy. There was also grilled prawns, an arugala salad, and roasted corn....all were delish. Even the complimentary dinner rolls were awesome!!! They came in the baking dish they were made in and were sprinkled with sea salt. There was soooo much food, even big eaters like me and the BF had trouble finishing everything. The meal was worth every penny...so I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone who's celebrating in Vegas or just wants a great meal experience. The service was top notch, they made sure we were comfortable, understood the menu options, and made recommendations to us for drinks they thought we'd like.
5	My wife is a big fan of the owner.  She asked me to go have dinner our first night in vegas.  I really wasn't a big fan when I saw the restaurant. Than once we got our bread rolls It got my attention.  We ordered the four course meal me and my wife.  All the courses were amazing. I and my wife really enjoyed every bite.  I wouldn't go back, I thought it was a bit expensive! $$$$$$ I mean you get what you pay for. This place is top of the line of services and quality food.
5	The wagyu is amazing! Great service to boot.
3	Decent steak. Didn't find it outstanding
3	Sorry to say this was just ok.I had surf and turf and my lobster was overcooked and chalky.  The filet was amazingly tender but actually a bit tasteless.  My husband did enjoy his ribeye very much.I thought that the sides were kind of dull and lacked the creativity that I had hoped for.The restaurant was beautiful and the staff attentive, but I did feel like they were pushing the salesmanship a bit, over recommending things to up the bill.  I don't mind this, but they were just a little over the top and it really felt trained an somewhat fake. This was our least favorite meal during our stay in Vegas and the most expensive.  With a couple of apps and two sides with one glass of wine for me our bill came to 379 with tip without dessert.  We also did not order Kolbi, this was regular dry aged steak.   It was an anniversary gift from family and I was sorry I didn't enjoy it more. It really wasn't worth it flavor wise.  I've had much better food at lesser priced steakhouses.
5	we had a big dinner here, 14 of us. went with the domestic waygo tasting menu, which was totally the way to go for a large table.it was easy to get a reservation, the place wasn't stuffy and pretentious, and the steak lived up to the hype.
4	Honestly, one of the best steaks i've ever had. The flavors were perfect and the steaks cooked to perfection. Also, the bread was INCREDIBLE! A must try!
5	The service is amazing. They treat you like royalty there. Great selection of wines! The steaks are so savory, tender, heavenly, and delicious. The fresh bread they give you while you wait for your food and is the most addicting thing I have ever come across. It tastes too good. I got fried Zucchini blossoms/flower and it was so good. It went well with my steak! I would def. come back here again next time I'm in Vegas.
1	My experience at Craftsteak was the worst I have had at an upscale steakhouse. It had nothing to do with the service, because the service was fine. It was the food that made my visit unpleasant. The meal started off with rolls being served. They looked like Hawaiian roles, but not as sweet...and not as good. Next was the main course. I ordered the bone in rib-eye and a side of the gratin potatoes. I asked for my steak to be medium-well, and it came out looking charred to a crisp. The server even said "rib-eye well...errrrr...medium-well" as he presented the plate to me. I immediately cut into the steak to see that the inside was slightly red on the inside, and it was just the outside that was extra crispy. Most of the steak tasted OK, but there were parts where it was so over cooked that it reminded me of eating a burnt marshmallow. It had that texture of being burnt to a bubbling state. I ate as much of the steak as I could, and tried to avoid as much of the burnt areas as possible. The gratin potatoes were good, but nothing special. They came out hot, and the serving size was pretty good. About a hour after I finished eating at Craftsteak, I had a terrible stomach ache. Granted, I had been in Vegas for a couple of days and my stomach was churning a bit from all of the buffets and drinks...but this was a different type of pain. It felt like I had a 16 pound bowling ball dropped on my stomach, and the feeling was with me ALL night. I will not be eating here again. The prices are astronomical for the experience and the sub par food. There are just so many steakhouses in Vegas that it is not worth it to tolerate a bad one.
5	First off let me say that my wife and I pick a celebrity chef to visit for your anniversary every year.  We were split on this one, my wife not wanting to like it because of Tom's on-air personality, secondly because she isn't that big of a beef fan, but was won over very quickly.Service was exemplary.  The food certainly met and exceeded our expectations.We were seated promptly for our reservation.  Greeted by the wait staff and presented with a tray of warm Parker house rolls that were perfectly yeasty with a nice fresh topping of sea salt.We opted for the Wagyu chef's tasting menu with the "surf" option added in.The appetizers were wonderful.  The frisee salad was tossed at the table and was the highlight of the 4 appetizers that came with the dinner.The main course consisted of cooked to perfection...medium as my wife tends to like her meat a little more cooked than I.  The rib eye was my favorite, the flank steak was her favorite.  The butter poached lobster was de-shelled at the table for a little theatrics and didn't disappoint either.Finally it came to desserts.  They were all very good.  Its a toss up which we enjoyed more, the chocolate souffle with hazelnut ice cream or the vanilla bean cheese cake, regardless they were all very good.This was not a cheap meal out but worth every penny for the experience and service we were given.  Certainly would recommend to others and repeat once we run out of celebrity chef's in Las Vegas to visit.
1	A waste of time and money.  Ordered the Porterhouse medium rare, it arrived cold and super rare.  Waiter chatting incessantly through out the meal, hard to enjoy the company we were with.  A poor reflection on the owner of this restaurant, as I am sure most people go there because of the owner. Had a nine pm reservation and still had to wait more than 30 minutes for our table in a restaurant that clearly wasn't full.  Save your time and your money.
5	Hubby and I had the rib eye, mushrooms, and their version of mashed potatoes.  The steak was so delicious as it was bursting with wonderful flavor.  The shiitake mushrooms were amazing!  The mashed potatoes was just ok.  I initially ordered a glass of white wine, but decided a few sips later that I needed a glass of Pinot Noir to pair with my steak instead.  Our waitress gladly obliged with my request.  I wish I can dock off half a star because of the picture they take of you at your table.  A lady with a camera came to us and asked if we wanted a picture.  Thinking it would be like Morton's, a complimentary picture of us in a little cardboard frame folder.  The lady came back out with a leather frame folder, about 11x13" or so, with two of our pictures enclosed.  Granted, we didn't like how we looked in them, then she threw the price at us of $60.  Heck no!  I'm not paying that much for dinner pictures that we don't even like.  We're not obligated to buy it, but it made me feel bad because the poor lady went through all that.
5	Every time my husband and I go to Vegas, we make it a point to have dinner here at least once during our trip.Every experience we've had here has been A+ and 5 Star. I normally start my dinner with their Lobster Bisque, which I love more than most people. Second up would be the Fois Gras, normally a special and sometimes on the menu - paired with some type of fruit compote and deliciously creamy. Third, always my A5 Filet with Yukon Gold Puree and/or Wild Mushroom Risotto. I finish up with Vanilla Bean Cheesecake and coffee.My husband, well, he is all over the place and orders something different almost every time. I will say, he has NEVER been disappointed. We almost always get a bottle of wine, or bring our own if it is a special blend or occasion, to have with our meal. Now, for all of this amazing food, it is extremely pricey.Our meals never total less than $600 for just the two of us. I assure you, if you plan on splurging in Vegas and want a solid and hearty meal - you go here. Period.I love it and I totally plan on coming back again and again and again. Hope to see some of you there!
3	pretentious, is how I felt they seemed.  I asked about the salt on the bread rolls(which were great), and it was a salt I liked, I asked to have some for my steak, the waiter told me the reason there was no salt or pepper on the table is the food is already seasoned to perfection.  PLEASE, your taste and my taste are not the same.  I asked about sauce and got the same answer,  I ordered souffle for dessert and it was very dry and the waiter, didnt ask me if I wanted him to pour my sauce on it.  The ice cream that can with it, was awful.  I wont be back.
2	Meh. Overpriced, nothing special.My husband and I ate here on our anniversay. We ordered the wagyu ribeye, t-bone, scalloped potatoes, asparagus and risotto. We did not receive the wagyu, but a standard ribeye.The ribeye was nothing special. It was good, but hard to justify the price. My husband's t-bone wasn't any better than the $9.99 special you can get from numerous casinos around town. The asparagus and potatoes were okay, but again, nothing special and overpriced. The risotto was a mistake! Not only was it covered in mushrooms (not in the description), it didn't "spread" on the plate...Instead, it was gummy.  I've watched Top Chef numerous times and Tom Colicchio ALWAYS complains about risotto that doesn't spread! Though he did not cook it for us, his name is attached to this restaurant.Overal, the food was okay, but the price was too high. If you want better steak, head to Vic & Anthony's in the Golden Nugget. The steaks are similar in price, but MUCH better and the sides are more reasonably priced...and tastier.
1	My husband and I saved Craftsteak for our last night in Vegas and I wish we had skipped it altogether. If there is one word to describe the meal it would be BLAND BLAND BLAND. I don't know if the chef was out of town because it was Labor Day week-end or what, but everything was barely warm, and tasteless. We went with the Waygu tasting menu when I asked about a wine pairing they said to pick any "flight" of wine that was offered because they would all go with the meal. Having had many tasting and degustation menus at many other restaurants I was very surprised by this, there was always a certain wine for each course not a "one size fits all" mindset. We decided to opt out of the wine flights and stick with mixed drinks.  Our first course was Lobster Bisque which was thin and barely room temperture and as we started to eat that, out came the salads, Caesar, Heirloom Tomatoe, and Buffalo Mozzarella again all I can say is BLAND BLAND BLAND no taste or seasoning what-so-ever. Now I was begining to get really worried about our main course and I was right to worry. The steaks, while cooked fine were as tasteless as everything else, and keep in mind that all of this was served to us with-in 30 minutes of seating down. When you go out for a meal like this is "supposed" to be, I don't expect to be rushed in and out the door. There were plenty of empty tables so it's not like they were busy. Anyway, I was so dissapointed in everything that after one bite of the steak my husband and I both decided to send it back. To the restaurants credit they did take it back and offer to make us something else but we just asked for our check and left. They did not charge us for the meal, just the drinks we had. Next time we are in Vegas we will avoid this place at all cost. After reading the reviews for Picasso at the Bellagio I think we'll try there. They seem to know what a degustation menu, wine pairings, and a leisurely dinner pace should be.
4	Great food! Great Service!  I was with three others and we had a fantastic time.  We all did the 115.00 dollar dinner where the chef or server chooses your appetizers, sides and deserts, you chosse your meat.   Everything was exceptionally prepared.  Drinks were also very well made and the deserts (monkey bread, soufle, gelato, cheesecake, etc) were great.
1	Seriously, the people that gave this place a 5 star do not know anything about a good steak. This was the worst place ever. The ambiance was cool, the service was amazing, but the food was crap. My BF and I are steak lovers and we make it a point to try all the steakhouses we can. Sooooo based on the reviews on yelp, we thought we would give this place a shot. Big mistake. We ordered that Kobe aged crap they had and it was horrible AND it's not supposed to be! Also, the lobster I ordered was super rubbery and the lobster bisque was yuck. Actually, the side of wild mushrooms was the only thing that saved the meal - plus the bottle of red wine. Urgh...just thinking about it all over again makes me so mad - Never again.
5	We did the tasting menu and had a few different cocktails. We had the steaks done Medium rare and everything came out perfect. My favorite of the night was the NY Strip, perfectly seasoned and seared.If you do the tasting menu, make sure everyone is VERY hungry, we were barely able to eat 3/4 of the food brought to us, which made for a very full rest of the night.
3	Taste: 3Value:4Cleanliness: 5Atmosphere: 3Wait time:1Overall:41 being the worst, and 5 being the bestI had the Braised short ribs,they were mouth watering and so tender it fell off the bone in my pot/dish before I could even pick it up.I tried other peoples foods and they weren't as good as mine, so my sore is based off on all of the foods I tryed. but if it was just off mine it would be a 5 for taste.I went with a group of friends and the wait time was garbage. From the time that we ordered about 6:15. we didnt see any of our foods until 730. I dont see how that made any sense. we asked for the food to come as it was ready, and I am sure it wasn't just because they waited before the food all didnt come at the same time.I try some of the other peoples steak and they were really tender, one of my friends had to send it back, but once it came back the texture was great, but the flavor was a bit lacking. Dinner ended up being about a 100 each for a place, shared sides and one drink.The ambiance was a nicer setting but not a service like sage, and a little bit too dim/dull for my likings, I almost wish It was either a full service restaurant or mroe of a fun party place, since well it is vegas.I think the fact our food took so long took away from he experience, after a long day of work we all just wanted to play,I would come back if a group wanted to go again but doesn't exactly scream for me to come in and eat.....
4	My buddy and I were having a late dinner in the casino and walked up to the hostess stand.  I had heard of Tom Colicchio and his restaurants. (Had eaten at Witchcraft in SF before too) Our first encounter looked like we were not going to be helped. However, the manager strolled out and we tried again.  This time we got seated!  I had a very good steak and started with their warm frisse salad.  The service was very solid and we ended having a very good chat with the assistant manager who was really informative and interesting.  All in all, a great meal.  Thanks Tom!!
5	Favorite place in Vegas. Must go everytime I am here.
2	I planned for our visit for two months and agonized over which steakhouse we would eat at...I should have listened to more of the naysayers. Like they said..food and service were ok and bill was big for what we got - $250. We also got seated in the bar area where they have a few tables with weird couch-type seating on one side. Anyway, it was Friday night and crowded but we had reservations after seeing Ka. Bread was good but not to die for like folks said. We ordered kobe skirt steak, angus filet, corn, potato puree, and mushrooms. Steaks good but not worth price they charge -- I get better beef a our local Beef Palace in Huntington Beach (look it up for best steak in OC). Corn and puree pretty tasty but the mushrooms tough, dry and rubbery..c'mon $15 bucks for that crap. BTW, we sat before the two parties on either side of us and they got served first. Wasn't too thrilled to have all the bar folks standing up behind me while I ate. Good gracious, I should've gone and tried Vic Anthony's. Was a fan of TC but after this I'll always start out Top Chef by giving him the stink eye.
5	I wish I had 9 stars to give. I've eaten here before, I'll eat here again. Both the food and the service are top notch. Let's start with drinks, the Key Lime and Pineapple Upside Down Cake martinis are both knock out delicious. Get one and be thankful you won't go another day without drinking it.I don't do apps here because the sheer size of the steak will be plenty. I split the mashed potatoes with a friend, we each had plenty so no need to order your own side. I got the Rib Eye, which was large and amazing. Also on table were the NY Strip, large and amazing, and some fries, which were plentiful and amazing. Call ahead for a reservation, and yes I kept calling everything large and amazing for a reason. You won't be let down here.
5	Again have had the extreme pleasure of demolishing my food at this wonderful establishment, again got the most expensive thing on the menu(A5 wagyu) and was superb, maybe 6 or 7th time in the last two years and will be back as many as possible till i pass, food & service were on point! We had the waitresses(there was only one for a long time) both were great, hope to be back real soon!
4	We've been to Craftsteak twice, most recently a few weeks ago.Both times we had some bites that were amazing. Favorites include:- The rolls (best when warm)- The tasting menus- Hen of the Woods mushrooms- Red Pepper salad (I will NEVER look at peppers the same)- Cinnamon Monkey Bread - Mashed Potatoes- Corn (not my thing, but Mr R loves it)Next time I'll skip on the:- Plum sorbet (so wrong)- Shrimp (nothing special)- Plum sorbet (worth mentioning twice, its that bad)We still talk about our first experience to this day as it was such a memorable dinner.  We went back a few weeks ago and still had a nice time, but experienced some service issues.  I was ready to remove Craftsteak off my "Last Meal on Earth" notes in my Yelp profile, but thought to send management an email letting them know what happened. The apology I received in return was so genuine and their response was so overwhelming. They really went above and beyond to ensure that we are happy and returning customers.  The restaurant's management went above and beyond, so we will be back...and I expect the service problems we experienced were just a one-time thing.
4	Some of the best steak I ever head but you pay for it! I got the Australian Wagyu Tasting Menu with several friends and had some of the richest steak I have ever experienced in my life (Apparently since fukushima they  have not been exporting it from Japan) The sides: mashed potatoes, asparagus, and mushrooms were quite good. It was fun to do the tasting menu with several people to get all of the different cuts and sides of meat but a much more expensive way to go about the menu. Very accommodating to a group of 14.
3	*Sigh*. I had high expectations of the food here but was disappointed. The atmosphere was good, the service was excellent, the sommelier knew his wines, but the food was only OK. I can cook up a better steak that this, and I can definitely whip up some better scalloped potatoes. At least the wine was really good.
2	Ya, not so much. I visited Craftsteak for a birthday dinner. There were three of us at the table on a Tuesday night. The restaurant was busy but by no means "Vegas busy". We were seated promptly for our 7:30 reservation and greeted by one waiter and then another telling us that they would both be assisting us that evening. I was impressed!.....but then that was it. Our waiters went totally AWOL after taking our drink orders. After checking back with us 10 minutes later we were finally able to order. I waited 25 minutes for my (cold) salad to arrive to the table. Making the total time we waited for our food about 40 minutes (3 med rare steaks, 2 sides). The timing was obscene! AND when our food came the waiter(s) still never checked back with us. The most attentive person in the entire place was the bus boy (I wish I could have tipped him and left our waiters a goose egg). As for the food, it left much to be desired. I had the filet ($58) and it tasted like a $20 steak you'd get at any restaurant, anywhere, ever. The other steaks were just as disappointing. The BEST menu item is the free bread.We did tell the manager how disappointed we were in the service. Whether she did anything or not, I'm not sure but I'd like to hope she did and that the service will improv.SKIP CRAFTSTEAK (Unless the food and service dramatically improve.)
4	Awesome job Tom Colicchio!! Dinner was everything we expected and more. Decor was great. Service was excellent. We had a few servers, and they were all very friendly and helpful. Food was also excellent.We had 9:30pm reservations and were there for about 2 hours. It was a bit loud when we first got there, but as it cleared out, it got nice and quiet.Complimentary Bread and Butter. Brownie points for the warm bread, that was similar to the Filipino Pan De Sal. No brownie points for the butter... it was cold.Domestic Wagyu 3 Course Menu for 2 ($300)2 salads: Warm Frisee Salad (excellent), Cucumber (refreshing)2 appetizers: Grilled Pacific Prawns(great flavors), Hand-Cut Wagyu Beef Tartare (excellent)2 cuts of steak: Skirt Steak & Filet (both excellent)3 sides: Asparagus (good), Mushroom Assortment (good),  Yukon Gold Puree (good)4 desserts: Milk Chocolate Creme Brulee (boyfriend really liked it), Mochi Ice Cream & Melon Sorbet (my favorite), fruits (refreshing), I can't remember what the 4th one was called, but it was good too.Corkage was $30. Bottle Fiji Water was $9.Definitely way too much food, but it was, for the most part, ALL YUMMY! We would definitely recommend this place!!!
5	It may not show in my yelp stats but I eat out quite a bit and I believe this is the best meal I have ever had. We had the chef menu and it was everything you could have asked for.
5	Boyfriend and I ate here on a recent trip to Vegas. It was wonderful.  We had a fairly early reservation - 6:30 - so it wasn't terribly crowded.  The service was very prompt and attentive.  Once we ordered they brought out warm bread rolls.  They were soft and pretty tasty.  Nothing out of the norm though.  We each had steaks and they were fabulous. Cooked to perfection.  The sides of potato puree and asparagus were both quite good.  The roasted corn side dish was heavenly.  I honestly don't know what all is in it but it was the most awesome corn I've ever had....and I'm not a big veggie person.Servings are generous on the side dishes and everything is served family style so you can pass them around and share.We were so full we weren't able to get dessert.
4	Who doesn't like unbelievable oysters on the half shell and a Kobe Steak.Tom Callichio's restaurant was just what I expected.  I only wish I loved steakhouses more.
3	I honestly don't know what to make of CraftSteak. I'm a huge Top Chef fan and CraftSteak was the first reservation I made when I decided to go to Vegas. First of all can I just say how creepy it is to stare directly at a painting of a cow with the words "Sirloin" written on it while I'm eating a steak. I'm not by any means vegetarian but I'm not going to go eat my fried chicken next to the chicken coop. Im sure most people appreciate the ironic art but I wasn't a fan. The old-school lights were neat. That's about it. Husband got the raw oysters, he thought they were great. I had the lobster bisque. It was just okay and the licorice herb on top might have been more complimentary if it was chopped finer. I got a big mouthful and it ruined the rest of the soup for me. The husband had to finish it. I will say, the steak was hands down the best steak I've ever had. If I remember correctly it was an aged T-Bone. I usually like my steaks seared with a nice crust but this just melted in my mouth and the drippings in the bottom of the pan made my eyes roll back in my head. We ordered the mixed mushrooms and the zucchini as sides and neither were impressive. The chocolate souffle with caramel and hazelnut ice cream was worth every penny. The service was odd. Apparently we had two waiters but I never saw the second except for at the beginning and when we were leaving and some of our food was delivered by a random third person. Our main waiter was super nice but I have a hard time with accents in loud restaurants and couldn't understand what he was saying half the time and then when I asked him what the licorice-y herb was that was on my soup and the steak, he told me it was rosemary. I really don't think it was. So three stars... IF I ever went again I'd probably just order a steak and dessert and leave happy.
2	It's been a while since my visit here but i remember 3 things distinctly1.  The steak was kind of sub par for this type of restaurant2.   All the sides were good (and were served in All Clad cookware :P )3.  They charged us some kind of BS setup fee, I don't remember exactly what it was for... but i believe it amounted to us being charged ~100 bucks for them to put 2 tables together so our group can all sit together!
3	The dinner was good but there are a few blemishes which knocked them down to average. For an expensive steakhouse like this, I expect good service and everything to be cooked to perfection.We were promptly seated. I was drinking a house Pinot Noir which I started at the bar - $17/glass for Meomi which is a screw top bottle which can be purchased for $17/bottle outside of the restaurant. It was tasty, just surprising that they charge premium prices for a low end wine which doesn't even have a cork!Starters - I had the heirloom tomato salad which was divine, though it was drenched pretty heavily with olive oil. I scraped most of the oil off the tomatoes and thoroughly enjoyed the dish.  My companion had the cucumber spinach salad which he said was average - nothing special.  The bread was very good and tasted fresh baked out of the oven.Entrees - I had the filet mignon which was good, but surprisingly not stellar. I like my steaks to have a nicely seared outside with a medium rare center. The sear was not as good as I have had at other steak houses - but then I'm from Texas and we know how to do steaks right here. My companion had the salmon which he said was incredibly average. He regretted not ordering the steak.Sides - All sides were served family-style with large portions for everyone to get their fill. The brussel sprouts were yummy and the risotto was fabulous. In fact, the risotto was the best thing we had. We also ordered the Hen of the Woods mushroom sides since neither of us had tried it before. I enjoyed it but my companion thought the taste was a little strong - I believe the preparation was done well, it was just personal preference. I wish I had tried the mushroom sampler instead but hindsight...  Service - After appetizer plates were picked up, the new plates which were sat on the table for us were dirty - they actually had dried food on them!!!  We finally flagged the server and let him know and got new plates. I also sat for some time with an empty wine glass until we could flag our waiter.  Towards the end of the meal, our waiter just disappeared and then we were being served by another waiter who offered us dessert (we didn't have time or tummy room) and eventually brought us our check. I thought maybe our waiter left or something but I saw him waiting on other tables. Weird. Maybe he was embarrassed about the dirty plate thing? We weren't mean or anything, so I don't know.So the meal was good, it just wasn't stellar and I don't think the food and service merit the hefty price tag. I don't mind paying for a good steak dinner, I just want to make sure I get value for what I'm paying. I don't think this restaurant *quite* cuts it, though the meal was tasty overall.
4	The wagyu skirt steak was pretty awesome.  I am not a big fan of wagyu cuz its like eating a fat piece of fois gras.  I should like fat on fat cuz i am fat but its just too fatty for me.  WTF happened to the Fatty A.  Lame.  The skirt steak was perfect cuz the meat is tougher but with the extra fat it was perfect.  I compared it to the bone in rib eye and both had different flavors and texture.  The only bad part of the meal was ordering wine at this joint.  The winelist is massive and it took them over 30 minutes to get someone to take my wine order.  Lamers.  We tried a bottle of the Vineyard 29 but I wasn't impressed.  -1 suckaz.
4	Nice place, up little upscale so be ready to spend some $$$. Food was good and the service was excellent.
5	By far the most expensive and BEST meal I had during my trip to Vegas last August. I didn't splurge on the Waygu beef, but my dinner mates did and said it was amazing. I had the Oysters to start, Angus Beef Filet with Scallops, Asparagus, Potato Puree, and sampled some of my friends' dessert. The fact that I can remember nearly everything I had speaks volumes. Service was outstanding. BTW, What happens in Vegas doesn't stay in Vegas when you're so dehydrated that you fall backwards with your chair. This happened at a large top table directly next to our booth. While we can only assume that the diner (obviously in Vegas with a group of friends) was probably dehydrated from, well, drinking like he was in Vegas, it was interesting to see how management handled such an event (leaving the diner on the floor next to us until he recovered from passing out.) No paramedics were needed and the table left shortly, but certainly an odd experience to accompany our dinner.
4	Ate with a big group so we got to order a lot.  Ambiance is awesome.  Place is packed so reservations are a must.Free bread.  Hot off the press.  Looks like a dinner roll, tastes like Challah.  When they say don't eat the bread to save room for the meal...it's ok in this instance.  Eat the bread.  It's so freaking good.Porterhouse- medium rare. Delicious but I still think Mastros is the best steak house.  Wagyu- medium rare.  Better than Cut but I still like the porterhouse better. (Personal preference)Risotto- my favorite side dish of the night. SO, so good.  Just the right amount of flavor-- not overly salty but packed with flavor.  Cooked to perfection.Mashed potato puree- this is the best "mashed" potatoes I've ever had.  I thought I always liked lumpy mashed potatoes but that's only bc I've never had potatoes as smooth as Stripsteak made them.  Sorry mastros, as much as I love the lobster mashed, Stripsteak wins this category.Sweet potatoes- also very delicious.  Simple cubed sweet potatoes with brown sugar crust.  My 2nd favorite side after the risotto.Beet salad- not a show-stopper but not bad.  Your typical.  Feel like the beets were too chopped up (small).  Key Lime pie- best key lime pie I've ever had.  I don't typically like tart desserts, but dang this pie was good.  The crust was how a pie crust should be-- and sweet, crunchy yet crumbly; the silky filling melted in my mouth and was oh so smooth.  The flavor was awesome.  Not the fanciest dessert out there but don't let the simplicity fool you-- that was probably one of the best desserts I've ever had.
1	I got sick...  My husband and I went to LV for our anniversary. Planned to have dinner here and go to a show. I found out last year I am gluten sensitive - I get really sick and I asked our waiter first thing if he would please tell me if anything had gluten in it and he said, yes, that was no problem.We had rib-eye steak, mushrooms, Brussel sprouts and  a glass of red wine.  The food was good, and I especially liked the mushroom sampler - they were wonderful but either the sauce that was on the steak or the one on the Brussel sprouts had wheat in it.  I ate nothing else the whole day that I hadn't brought from home - this was our only meal out and I was up all night SO sick - stomachache, joint aches, all the symptoms I get from gluten.  I am MAD that he couldn't be bothered to check with the chef.Also, I have to say the steak prices are outrageous. We prefer to eat grassfed steak but the ones on the menu were $150 and up for a 14oz steak. I can get a 16oz organic grassfed rib-eye at our local natural foods store for $18 so the mark up seemed crazy.We had a nice dinner until I got sick . The food is tasty but in my opinion, not worth the cost. I think I'm  done with celebrity restaurants...
1	I have had lamb in almost every restaurant, in every country I have had the opportunity of visiting, anywhere from Los Angeles, to the Greek Islands and by far the lamb at Craftsteak has been the worse ever! I have always asked for the chef to cook my lamb the way he intended it to be served, given that I trust the chef with his tasted and cooking abilities, but this time, it appeared he sent it to me directly cut from the lamb's ribs, bypassing the range. I had to send it back and ask for it to be cooked, but when it returned there was very little difference.The service was mediocre, given our bill was a hefty one. The only people who busted their butts were the busboys who were at our service.I don't recommend this restaurant, but if you must, kip the lamb at all costs!My party had similar issue with their food, but I'll let them write their own comments and reviews!
5	Wonderful steak, would have to say this was the best steak that I have ever eaten.  Staff was very friendly.  I would recommend getting a reservation a couple days or just showing up around 5-6.  You should get seated.  It's a little pricey, but everything in Vegas is.  Enjoy
3	For an upscale steak house I was expecting a bit better. It was still overall good, and I would come back again. Will order from the 3 course menu next time.I had the Waygu steak, it was definately tasty but I somehow expected something more.Steaks were not all cooked to perfection and the bill had some extra charges.The lobster bisque was ok. Go to the Capital grille if you want great lobster bisque.Sides were very good. Had the mash and friesService was nice and friendly.Food 4Value 3Service 4I prefer the Capital Grille.
5	First lets start with the decor. Warm and inviting, comfortable seating, beautiful scenery. The wait staff were accomodating, explained the menu and really knew about all of the food. Best, best, best meal of my life. First of all they butcher all of the meat there, it melts in your mouth. When we arrived the chef was offering a special where we could taste many different items from the menu. The scallops were like butter, the bread was hot and the butter was so soft. The yukon potatoes are whipped for 20 minutes and let me tell you it was like a party in my mouth. The meat was so tender and delicious that you didnt even need a steak knife. then when you didnt think it could get better, they brought us this "pecon, sticky bun" called monkey bread....I have never in all of my years tasted such gooodness. Now dont get me wrong this meal comes with a heafty price tag, but let me tell you it was worth every single dollar. If I go back to Vegas I will eat there again. you must go!!!
5	I've been to Craftsteak two times. The first time was with a good friend, and I was immediately impressed by the unpretentiousness of the service and the relaxed demeanor of all its clients inside. There is something also very private about the acoustics of the restaurant--as you would be able to dine with a business client and talk shop or have a louder, more boisterous time with some friends and not feel self-conscious. On my first visit, our service was excellent and the two steaks we ordered were fantastic prepared. I really recommend any of their dry-aged beef ($45-65), as the Wagyu is a little too outrageous for a simple steak dinner ($90-$110). My second time was with a group of three others for my twenty-sixth birthday. Even though we got the last seating of the night, our service wasn't rushed and our waiter had the utmost patience with one of our slightly demanding, pretentious friend. We all ordered steaks (I never realized how amazing a dry-aged T-Bone can be) and the accompanying sides were delicious. Do yourself a favor and get a great steak in Vegas at Craftsteak. Its an awesome way to slow down the evening and enjoy yourself outside of the hustle of that MGM casino!
5	WOOOW! This place is so good there is not much to say! I think this may be my shortest review!Steak = Amazing! First time trying the Kobe beef, yeah it's pricey but totally worth it!Service= Awesome! I seem to compare a lot of restaurant service to Craftsteak because it has been def UP there with all of my dining experiences. If you like/LOVE steak and are in Vegas...head over to the MGM and check it out!!
4	I don't normally enjoy high end steak, but I went along for a bachelor party. I generally think steak restaurants are wildly overpriced. This is still overpriced, but the quality of cuts will make it seem worth it. The side dishes are fantastic, the drinks are also prepared to perfection. I had the 2lb porterhouse and took a high pleasure in devouring it all. If you have a bunch of money to spend on dinner and want a steak, I don't see how you could not be satisfied here.
4	This place is good but pricey to go with.The steak is AMAZING and is ridiculously tender; however, please note that Kobe beef is NOT available right now (not sure if prior reviews are aware).  The US is not importing any Japanese beef right now and has not been for several months due to health concerns after Fukishima.  What they have replaced Kobe beef with is the Australian A5 Wagyu beef.  I would recommend the chef's selection (two person minimum) of the Australian A5 if you're looking for amazing array of different cuts.  Though I never got to try their Kobe beef, three people from our group have dined at Craftsteak before and noted that the Kobe beef was noticeably better, so I'm a little disappointed there.A lot of their appetizers are also worth commenting on.  First, the tartare is great and if you have only appetizer option, go with this.  The mix of mushrooms and the prosciutto also deserve a mention.The service was exceptional.  The staff was very attentive and the sommelier was able to assist with selecting two bottles of wine.  However, one person at our table was a celiac and we ordered the proscuitto specifically for her, requesting the pretzel bread sticks to be excluded from our order.  Unfortunately, they were not, and we just had to make sure to give her only the pieces that were "untouched" by the bread.Overall, worth a try if you're willing to spend a little extra on an amazing steak.
5	I may have had the best meal I've ever eaten at this restuarant.My Boyfriend and I came here before seeing "O" and had an amazing experience. The ambiance is nice, although just a little on the loud side. Our server was amazing, while I found the sommelier to be a tad pretentious. I had the Wagyu steadk and it was absolutely incredible while my BF had the regular filet. We also shared the following sides: garlic spinach, glazed carrots, and the whipped potatoes. Absolutely incredible. The steak was cooked in a castiron dish which created it's own sauce with rosemary and other herbs. I should have licked the plate clean it was that amazing. If only I wasn't full to the point of bursting, we would have tried dessert.While it was definitely for a special occassion given the price, I would go there again in a heart beat. Highly recommended for a special night out.
5	Beautiful, delicious dinner. Awesome service. It was a fantastic experience. First of all the Porterhouse rolls were a little bit of heaven, with some flaked salt on top and just-right butter (not too soft or hard). I ordered the Lobster Bisque (yummm - enormous chunks of lobster meat in a bowl, then they poured the bisque over it from a copper pot- fantastic), and the warm Frisee Salad with Egg and Bacon to go with. Our server said, "This is good if you like blue cheese." Which I DO. It was rich and fantastic. I love a soft egg as dressing. I split the entree shortribs with my friend it it was melt-in-your mouth amazing. Our sides were potato puree (MMMMMMMM), baby spinach and brussells sprouts. Just incredible. It was one of the best meals I'd EVER had. Impeccable service, wonderful decor. The only thing that didn't fit was the loud music, which somehow didn't add to the ambiance. I still give it 5 stars. Loved it.
5	okay, let me just say.. the best steak i've ever had in my entire 22 years of life had to be their austrailian wagyu filet mignon. i had their rib-eye which was amazing. but.. my.. my.. that wagyu my friend ordered. one bite of that and you know why they charge almost $300 for that piece of meat alone. just melts in your mouth.. and for 5 whole seconds you can hear that little voice in your head.. "did i just die and go to steak heaven?" their sides were delicious as well. i recommend the brussel sprouts, mashed potatoes, and their risotto. everything was just perfect.
3	You know that scene in Ratatouille when the food critic receives his dish and the first bite brings him back to his childhood? I wanted Craftsteak to be like that.The steaks were definitely delish. Mastros is more impressive though, being served on a sizzling platter.Sides were mehhh.
4	I've been to Craftsteak twice.  I don't count the first experience because I was sick with the flu, so I had been looking forward to my second try and ideally being able to actually eat the food I had ordered.Service was 5 stars.  We made a reso less then a week out, got a great booth table.  Drinks are good.  Servers are friendly and attentive.We had the foie gras, beet salad, rack of lamb, maui onions, mushroom assortment, and a wagyu ribeye.  Last time I went they had kobe beef on the menu, but apparently the menu changes every so often.  Everything was excellent.  The wagyu ribeye was good, but a bit disapointing.  Maybe when one buys a $100 steak expectations are unrealistically high, but I wasn't that impressed.  Maybe next time I'll stick with the standard filet.In any case, Craftsteak is a win and if you are looking for a great meal in an upscale environment you should check it out.
4	When you pay this much for steak you expect it will be good and it is.  If you're a real high roller you can touch the Way-Gu menu which was out of my league.
4	The wine selection and the Sommelier are were both top notch! The domestic waygu chef's selection was awesome! I also had the best beef tare tare of my life. Will definitely be back and can't recommend Craftsteak enough!!!!!
5	I pretty much just had the best steak of my entire freakin life.Came here for the bf's birthday. Weren't quite sure what to order so we went with the domestic wagyu surf & turf which came with lobster bisque, 3 choices of salad, new york strip, ribeye, 3 choices of sidedishes and dessert all for about $160 per person. Lobster bisque: Took a sip and was transported to heaaavvveeennn!!! The bisque was just so creamy and smooth with little bits of lobster meat in it and I also think a slight hint of curry? Who knows. Who cares. It was freakin delicious. Salad: Caesar, market spinach, wild arugula. Caesar is your typical caesar with anchovy.. interesting but tasty. The market spinach would have to have been my favorite. I thought the port wine really complemented the spinach, apples, and walnuts. The wild arugula was alright I guess.. nothing special. New York Strip & Ribeye: Honestly a baby could have eaten this. Why? Because its melt-in-your-mouth steak. First bite and you probably only chew 2-3 times. Yes. It is that good. Between the two I would have to favor the new york strip just because it was probably less chewy. Both were done in a medium rare.Sides: Baby spinach, Mushroom assortment, potato puree. yum yum triple yum! All three of the side dishes were pretty much done perfectly. And I'm sure all their other sides are done just as well so I guess pick whichever you like. You won't be disappointed!Dessert: Cinnamon monkey bread, fruit platter, espresso chocolate & raspberry sorbet?? Forgot. Anyways, I'm not a big fan of cinnamon but the monkey bread only had a hint of cinnamon so still quite tasty. I heard thats their number 1 dessert. The sorbet and the fruit platter were tasty as well. Overall this place was excellent. The staff were helpful and friendly and very attentitive. All our close-to-empty water glasses were filled promptly. Ambiance was nice as well. Of course I will be coming back!!!................... once I soak up the pool of tears I cried after seeing the bill.. heh. heh. Oh, I also heard that the dress code was business casual but honestly I saw people in their wearing sweats so I'm sure a t-shirt and jeans are fine. They won't turn you away if you have the money ya know what I mean?
5	We still love Craftsteak and had great service at dinner.  We learned that you don't have to order the tasting menus and you can still enjoy a really good dinner. (And dinner CAN cost less than a monthly car payment!). When we go back, I think we'd continue to put together our own menu as opposed to the tasting menu - its more affordable, you get to really enjoy each dish you select, and you don't leave the restaurant feeling so crazy-full.In addition to our other favorites, we now discovered:- Short Ribs - Orange Basil Sorbet- Lemon Buttermilk Ice Cream- Japanese Cucumber Salad with WatercressAll amazing, and all new favorites at Craftsteak
5	By far one of the best dinning experiences I had.  The menu changes everyday which is a unique touch, the wait staff is attentive and very knowledgeable with the courses provided.  The ambiance is romantic, most restaurants a person cant even hear their own thoughts let alone their company, but the noise from table to table was tolerable.  Very pricey, but I believe you get what you pay for.  Me and my boyfriend chose to get the Surf and Turf pre-fixed menu.. Which was 3 appetizers, 3 entrees, 3 sides - of our choice and 3 deserts that were chosen by the chief.  Let me tell you, every bite was heaven. it was evenly proportioned, and my mouth is watering as i think about it..  I had the best lobster I've ever had, the steak was tender and flavorful.   It is a MUST GO!!! if your wanting to do something special for your man or woman.
5	I've been to many top notch steakhouses, and this place seemed to get it right. Juicey, cooked right, and flavor that would fallow you for the rest of the night. Loved it.
1	Wow, what a huge disappointment.  We had been looking forward to ending our trip with dinner at Craft after eating at some other fabulous places in Vegas.  Let's start with the positives:Ambiance - very niceWait Staff - Friendly and KnowledgeableOverall Menu - Good selections and great wine listPortion size - all very large - when they tell you they are sharable, they mean it!Then it all falls apart.Nothing, and I do mean nothing that we ordered was not in need of seasoning.  Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.And I am sure it is some new trend with chefs but really, a Caesar Salad that I had to spend 10 minutes cutting up....really I don't want to work that hard for a salad and yet again needed seasoning.Probably the most disappointing were the Filets which we both ordered medium rare.  No seasoning and we were expecting the filet to melt in your mouth.  These were not even close, And finally, a screaming baby throughout our whole dinner!After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.  $400 for a dinner that on a scale of 1-10 we felt we could generously give a 3.
4	BEST SHORT RIB I HAVE EVER HAD! paired with yukon gold potatoes and it was perfect.
3	Last year, I experienced Craft Steak for the first time and was blown away.  For months, friends had to bear with me as I repeatedly bragged that my meal there was the best dinner of my life.  I wasn't exaggerating either, as everything from my pineapple upside-down martini, to the pretzel bread with dipping mustards was unbelievably delicious.  As far as my steak was concerned, I honestly had never enjoyed the act of chewing meat as much as I did at Craft Steak, last December.Finally back in Vegas, it's not surprising that the first restaurant I visited was Craft Steak.  Like a druggie trying to recapture that first high, I hoped for that same magic once again.  Well?Don't get me wrong, Craft Steak is a top notch restaurant, but even a great spot can have an off night.  Unfortunately, the off night happened to be the night I had looked so forward to. What happened?When tonight's steak arrived, I noticed something was wrong from the start as it was a bit tough and took more effort to cut than one would hope for from a $50 piece of meat.  Not only that, but that first chew revealed the steak to be cold.  Sadly, and embarrassingly, I had to send it back.When I let my server know the situation, she was very willing to accommodate me by having a second steak prepared, but, in the interim, the potatoes and spinach we ordered as sides just sat, as they too, waited.  Finally, my replacement steak arrived, but by that point, my companion had already finished her entree, AND our side dishes had become cold, so basically, I paid $200 to NOT receive a warm plate of food, nor the opportunity to dine with my wife.Don't get me wrong; I have nothing but respect for Tom Colicchio and I know Craft Steak is a fine restaurant, but tonight I merely ate, when I wanted to dine.
2	Tom, Tom, Tom...(sigh)I am an avid food enthusiast & regularly watch your show (Top Chef) and admire how you critically pin-point flaws/perfection in hundreds of dishes through-out your career.I'll keep it short & sweet (maybe a little sharp too)...1.) SCALLOPS ($40) - Best dish, perfect sear, cooked just enough to retain the moisture in the scallop.  The beurre blanc sauce or what not could've used a bit of thickening but still was delicious.  I really enjoyed the accompanying pickled white onions that came with.  I truly and thoroughly enjoyed this dish.2.) RISOTTO ($14) - About 3-5% overcooked.  Yet, still tasty.  The pine nuts accent the risotto & parmesan and work well together.  And although it was tasty I felt it could've used more of a kick.  Risotto is something I really love eating, especially when it has a somewhat addictive flavor that leaves you wanting more.Now that I've said that, on to the steaks:3.) DOMESTIC RIBEYE ($50) - Visually stunning especially when plated in the metal pan carrying all the delicous jous.  However, by the time I got to my steak, which was a perfect med-rare, it was tough and just inedible.  (Maybe I should mention I had been just getting over a cold.  However, I dont think this should alter my taste judgement too much because the first two appetizers were tasting mighty fine.)  I really wanted to like it, and I just couldn't get less than half of it down.4.) DOMESTIC WAGYU RIBEYE ($105) - Again, Visually stunning.  It tasted like a cross between a fatty short rib & a ny strip.  However, and AGAIN, texture failed, it was warm to cold and barely was edible.  More-so edible than the previous mention, but still not worth nearly what it costed.  I really dont wan't to say this, but goto Outback and order a "teriyaki ribeye" and you'd enjoy that 7 times more than this...I feel depressed now.Anyway, all in all, I wouldn't go back.  I honestly wanted to like it..REALLY I DID. Perhaps next time I will attempt Jean Georges Steakhouse or another variety.  I will probably never enter another Tom Colicchio restaurant ever again due to the severity of this incidental experience.  First and last time for Tom Colicchio as far as I'm concerned.  Sorry Tom, I tried.If it means anything, you're (probably) still a very good chef (Tom Colicchio).TOTAL BILL: $235
5	Ate here on New Year's Eve as a party of 6. The service was top notch as it should be given the prices. The wait staff was very friendly and very attentive. We had a reservation and were sat within minutes of arriving.The wait staff encouraged the tasting menu (to the point of being aggressive about it). We went with their suggestion which turned out to be a great decision. We received 6 apps, 6 steaks, 6 sides and 6 desserts. The portions were generous and everyone got to try everything (we even had some leftovers for the next day).We had 6 different steaks and everyone choose a different one as their favorite. My personal favorite was the Wagyu strip steak. Perfectly cooked and just melted in my mouth. Every dish was delicious however a couple were a bit boring (grilled asparagus, roasted vegetables, caesar salad). Overall we had a memorable New Year's Eve dinner and I will be back for another Wagyu strip steak on my next trip to Vegas.
4	My NY daughter, who is fast becoming a food connossieur herself, was very interested in trying a restaurant by one of her celebrity chef idols, Tom Colicchio.  Although there are a few to pick from in Manhattan, she came with us to Vegas to have her first experience (and ours) in one of his restaurants.  For all of us, this was our one big splurge meal on the trip.  While not much in Las Vegas is reasonably priced anymore, we went here knowing this would be the case.Overall, I give Craftsteak 4 stars, but as it honestly reminded me so much of Mastro's, I found myself comparison rating it up one side and down the other.  I really liked the food at Craftsteak, don't get me wrong, but I didn't think it was worth the prices they charged, and yes, they were more expensive than Mastro's.  They pretty much served the same types of entrees and sides, but I really think Mastro's is one cut above (no pun intended.....well, maybe a little).Service was good, but nothing and no one will top Erin @ Mastro's in Thousand Oaks.  She was truly that notch above and made us feel like we were the King and Queen of dining.  We wanted for nothing.  However, the two male waiters @ Craftsteak were nice, but I often felt uncomfortable asking for their assistance, and they certainly weren't treating us all that special.  I think they stayed a little too much in the background, but yes, they got the job done.  I will say, however, when I did ask questions, they were forthcoming with their opinions of the food, and we were not steered wrong.There was one aspect that was disappointing........both my younger daughter and I LOVE rack of lamb, and while it was on the menu and we wanted it, it was NOT available by the time we placed our order.  Big letdown.....but not the restaurant's fault, either.  Here is what we did order..........32 oz. porterhouse steak, served with bearnaise sauce - at $96.00., it should have been outstanding, but it was very good.  The meat was a little tough in areas.  It became excellent with bearnaise sauce on it.  Well done on a sauce that I haven't had in YEARS.  LOVE that sauce.Diver sea scallops - waiter recommended, and they were excellent.  A little light on flavor, but cooked to perfection.Grilled asparagus - very nicely prepared and seasoned, and not too lemony as I feared it might be.  Asparagus is truly my favorite vegetable.Roasted fingerling potatoes with rosemary - while not dried out, it needed some kind of sauce, and I was a little disappointed that the promised rosemary was not infused into the potatoes in a much bigger way, instead of just a sprig decorated on top.  I dipped them in the steak au jus, which was quite good.  If it were me ordering a potato side, this would NOT have been my choice, especially with all the choices available.....but my daughter selected, so this was what she chose.Mushroom assortment (4 different kinds) -  a wonderful introduction into some exotic mushroom types - maybe could have been sauteed a little more, and perhaps with a bit more butter / flavor, but still, they were good.Caesar salad with pickled anchovy - we ordered 2 caesar salads, which were split in half, and there was MORE THAN ENOUGH salad to go around between the four of us.  Very generous portions.  Not a huge fan of lettuce leaves in their whole form.  I much prefer the lettuce be cut already, but it also didn't detract from it for that reason.  What did detract was the ever-present lack of enough dressing issue.  Always happens.  What leaves did have enough dressing on them tasted just fine.  The pickled anchovy wasn't too bad, either, esp. if eaten sparingly.For dessert, my daughters ordered chocolate souffles with caramel sauce and a simply divine hazelnut ice cream laced w/chocolate shavings.  The ice cream was TRULY amazing.  I didn't care too much for the souffle, though.  I think it was a bit undercooked.  Never been my thing, though.  My husband and I split the cinnamon monkey bread with sour cream toffee ice cream.  Not sure how I feel about this dish.  The ice cream was dreadful......waaaaaaaaaay too much on the sour cream.  Strange.  As for the monkey bread, yes, it was delicious, esp. with the ooey-gooey caramel sauce over it, BUT........I felt like I was eating a breakfast food item.  It just didn't smack of the stuff elegant nighttime desserts are made of.  I don't know, I just wasn't feeling it.  Because we were celebrating my younger daughter's birthday, they brought a complimentary cheesecake w/ a raspberry coulis. While I have been somewhat critical of the food, overall, we definitely enjoyed our meal here.  However, for this restauranteur's celebrity status and the matching prices, I honestly expected better from him.  That being said, I would certainly return to this place.  I just can't give this a 5-star rating.
5	Wow. Amazing! the bf took me here by surprise after he remembered me being pouty over the fact that he got to eat the australian wagyu here without me.Made reservations and got seated immediately. Started off with some of their homemade bread. My bf was raving to me about their bread here. I tried to resist the bread since I didn't want to fill my stomach all awhile he was eating 3 already, not to mention we ordered extra bread to-go!! Haha!Next up were oysters that were SO FRESH me and my bf's eyes both lit up both thinking and saying "this is the best oyster i've ever eaten in my life!!!" the sauces-horseradish, cocktail sauce, and some red vinegar onion which i think was the best compliment to the oysters were so so amazing!!!!Ordered the Australian Wagyu steak and the Lobster as well as the pureed potatoes and maui onions to compliment our dish.Steak was the best steak i had in my life thus far.It better be if its $300!  Although quite small in size compare to bigger steaks on the menu, it was perfect for us to share along with the lobster. The lobster came in a mini copper pot in which i believe there were 2 lobsters cut into easy to eat chunks soaking in a buttery sauce. The pureed potatoes were so creamy and delicate tasting. Usually if you were to mash or puree the potatoes too much it will become pasty and gummy but they got the science right on making the perfect "pureed" potatoes! I would love to eat this if i got my wisdom tooth out was the first thought in my head. LOL The grilled maui onions were perfect compliment to the meal. Maui onions are sweet. They were cut in thick slices, grilled with a sprig of rosemary on top. The rosmeary complimented the onions so well, I will also start doing that in my home cooking. Overall it was a delicious dining experience. I'd like to try Nobhill Tavern next as my bf's sister thinks their steaks are better! ? I found it funny-maybe it is normal for a fancy restaurant? but when my bf went to use the restroom, he left his napkin crumbled on the table. A waiter came by out of nowhere and folded his napkin neatly not paying attention as if i was there or not and went on his way. I was sitting there by myself giggling for some reason...
4	Amazing dry aged bone in New York strip, French fries were phenomenal, lobster bisque superb! Great service although the kitchen took a while to produce dinner. Everything cooked to perfection.
3	We just did a guys weekend here this past weekend and decided to eat here for our final dinner.  The food was great.  I started off the with Lobster Bisque and had a filet mignon.  Bisque was really good.  We all shared the sauteed spinach, potato pure, au gratin potatoes and the maui onions.  The au gratin potatoes and maui onions were amazing.  Definitely try those.  One buddy got the Australian Wagyu Skirt Steak which he all let us try.  It was ridiculous don't get me wrong... but will cost you $170 bucks for 8 oz.  It is Vegas but the prices are high but not necessarily unjustified.  The reason it is 3 stars is the service was all over the place.  It took us 1.5 hours to get our steak which they did apologize for but still.  Our waiter was corky as hell, could barely be heard and tried making jokes that made zero sense.  He made the experience awkward when he was around but we just dismissed it for him being kookie.  The food is worth it we just had really long and weird service.
5	I had the best meal of my life at Craftsteak.  It was also the most expensive meal of my life.I ordered the vegetarian tasting (it was on the online menu that I viewed, but not the restaurant menu, and they were kind enough to allow me to have it), my husband got the wagyu beef.My meal was mostly comprised of side dishes.  This might sound bad, but it was far from.  Everything they brought out was exceptional.  I don't like carrots.  I practically licked the dish of the carrots they brought me.  As I said, this is the best meal I've ever had.My husband really enjoyed everything too.  Especially the meat.I would come back here in a heartbeat and think nothing of dropping over $300 on dinner and drinks for two.  The food was that amazing.  The service was great too.  But the food was the star.
3	I tried very hard to love this place.  In the end, it was maybe a 3.5 for me.The overall dining experience and quality of food was great.  But being a steakhouse, first and foremost, I feel my steak didn't wow me.  My New York wasn't seared very much and the presentation made it feel like it was just a massive side dish.  Seasoning could've been better and it just ended up a chore to eat.  Also, I've never really been a fan of a high-end steakhouse slicing your steak for you.  It gets cold too fast and deprives me of the exercise.  ;)A bit disappointed with the steak here, Tom Colicchio!Here's what *did* work for me @ Craftsteak:-Daily oysters.  Fresh, GREAT horseradish and thank you for letting us order less than a dozen!  I'm usually the only one that likes raw oysters in my party, so doing a dozen would be like a full meal for me.  Most places won't even consider doing a half dozen.  Kudos!-Seared scallops-mushroom and prosciutto risotto - i did WORK on this side.-brussle sprouts w/ bacon(!!)-the free bread.  they look like those hawaiian sweet rolls you get from lucky's but they were surprisingly good.  Warm and toasted with a bit of salt on top to counter the sweetness of the bread.  nice.-my long island iced tea was solid.  actually both of them were...In conclusion, the overall dining experience here will bring me back.  Unfortunately, I won't be having another steak here for a while.  I will, however, check out the famous braised short rib next time.
4	We ate here Saturday night with a group of friends before seeing a show.  We arrived early and informed our waitstaff we had to be out in 90 minutes.  Our table was a large group (9) and I suspect this was an unreasonable request.  The starter cocktail was a surprise because so many places don't know how to make a proper Manhattan anymore.  This was perfection. The beet salad was excellent, a great collection of different beet styles.  Hubby had a Caesar salad which was fine (I'm pretty bored by Caesar salad these days, but it wasn't bad).  For an entree, neither of us got steak which might have been a mistake.  Because we have access to some of the best steakhouses on the earth, we usually try non-steak items.  I had rack of lamb which was delicious.  Tender, flavorful, and seasoned to perfection.  The sides I tried risotto, hen of woods mushrooms, brussel sprouts, creamed potatoes, and spinach were wonderful.  The mister ordered salmon which was a disappointment to him (hello, craft...Steak). The end of the meal was a mad dash to pay and make it over to Ka, but we did end up on time after all. I would recommend this for a nice night out, but be careful about taking a large group before a show.
5	I have to add to my review that the best steak I have ever eaten in my life was the Waygu Strip Steak I had just a few nights ago.  Paired with some 2006 Silver Oak Cabernet, it was the best dinner I have ever had!  End your meal with some monkey bread and their awesome french press coffee and you will feel like you're in heaven.  This place is definitely my favorite steak house in Vegas.  It never fails and is sooooooooo worth the long wait.
3	Nice place, the appitizers were good. The steak was so... so... the reason it was so... so... was because I was here for a bachelor party and we had a set menu. I probably will come again to order a better quality steak, because the appetizers and the side orders were good. The ambiance and service was good.
5	The service, the wine, the steak, the lobster, the side dishes, and oh those tasty buttered rolls. Seriously, folks. You have to check this place out. Very attentive service and fantastic food.
5	So it was my first time coming to Las Vegas, And I heard from many friends that the food is a plus out there. I am a BiG fan of Tom I think he's an awesome chef. I recommend his whole menu.. Filet mignon was outta this world, also the buffalo mozz was sooooooo good and refreshing(very popular appetizer )   his salad and side veggies were great as well. When the waiter placed bread and butter on the table I was so surprised. I can't explain how delicious and soft the bread was. OmG! I could go on. This places is legit one of the best restaurant I've been too and it's far from a disappointment..:)
4	great people watching in MGM with tables in the middle of shopping venue -- interesting decor -- good steak, everything a la carte -- table service didn't match food nor decor and distracted -- good wait service -- over priced for quality received
4	What a great atmosphere and wonderful food. At times inside a side room with the wrong crowd it can get LOUD but that's that. As for food (steak, fish, chicken or appetizers) I have to give them a solid 9/10. Buffalo mozzarella however (to me) epic fail. Sorry Tom...
5	I ate here the evening of Friday, January 27th and enjoyed the best meal I have ever had in my life, so far.  The service was awesome and the food was even better.  We started with two each of the Daily Oysters.  My husband had the 14 oz. Domestic Wagyu Ribeye and I dined on the Black Sea Bass with Black Trumpets (amazing).  We shared the Hen of the Woods Mushrooms and Heirloom Cauliflower with Garlic Confit.  For dessert another visit to my favorite of the Daily Oysters, the Fanny Bay.  I would have changed NOTHING about this meal.  It was perfection!Thank you Craftsteak for a wonderful evening......
4	My boyfriend and I made reservations to dine here because his friend highly recommended this steak house.  Our reservation was on December 27. 2011, at 6PM.  We arrived on time and was seated promptly. The decor was simple, yet elegant.  Think lots of dark wood and spacious seating arrangements.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu and suggested we go with the chef's tasting menu.  For $120 per person, we were on our way to sample a trio of starters, a dual of angus steaks, a trio of side dishes, and FOUR different desserts!  The fourth dessert was added because I mentioned we were celebrating my boyfriend's birthday (even though it was still days away, LOL).  For starters, we were served the cocktail prawns, warm frisee salad, and the lobster bisque.  The prawns were perfect.  My favorite starter was the salad.  It was just absolutely delicious. For sides to accompany our steaks, we were served the mashed potatoes, mushroom assortment, and risotto.  My favorite was the mushrooms.  Our angus steaks included one ribeye and one New York strip.  Both were prepared perfectly.As you can imagine, when dessert time rolled around, we were already pretty stuffed.  $120 per person is on the expensive side, but the chef really gives you way more than enough food.  For dessert, we were served the cinnamon monkey bread, sorbet,  farmer's market fruit plate, and a flourless chocolate cake with ice cream.  The monkey bread was my favorite.  It tasted like a gourmet cinnamon roll.Overall, the service was superb and the food was good.  I wouldn't say it's the best steak I ever had, but as far as the tasting menu goes, it's the best value.  However, we ate only half of the food and couldn't take it back to the hotel because we were off to see Ka.
3	Just another steak restaurant. Same "sides" to share, same salads, etc etc etc. The food was fine, the staff was nice, and the atmosphere was modern and fun. Not a place to go if you are on a budget.
4	why 4 stars?!?!?!my boyfriend and i had reservations at 8:30, We got there an hour early, they hesitated on giving us a seat, but I guess the manager told the hostess to seat us. We sat a few tables from the entrance, DO NOT SIT THERE!!!! you will have people hovering on the side, in front and behind you. That kind of killed the ambiance. [You're] paying about $150-200 per person only to have someone look over your shoulders to see what the first entree is. I had to tell someone to back up a little because they were just way too close. the food:It' was really good!!!! We had the Wagyu and Lobster course meal. SOOOOO much food!!! The Cucumber salad, and another salad that had panchetta and bleu cheese dressing were amazing. The beef was really tender. My only issue was that it was pre- cut. i would have liked to enjoy cutting it on my own, Lobster was tender as well. Their butter sauce was sweet, not greasy. Best part was dessert. They had this dense chocolate cake. it was smooth like a truffle but not as sweet. its was amazing!!!my conclusion:It was over all an amazing experience, with amazing food. But if [you] do go- make sure you sit towards the back of the restaurant. Would I eat here again? Not anytime soon, but maybe again in the future. :)
2	After dining here, my husband and I decided that we will never, ever eat a fancy Vegas restaurant.  The service was spotty and the food was good, but definitely not good enough to justify the price.  WAY overhyped and expensive.  After living in the bay area for a few months, we know what good, quality food should be like and how much it should cost.  I can't remember exactly how much each item was (not listed on their online menu), but let's just say that we ate 9 courses combined with 2 wine pairings at Gary Danko in SF for the same price.I'm usually a bread FIEND, but I was not into their bread at all.  It didn't taste like much even with butter.  We started out with their lobster bisque and it was good, but I know I can find better for cheaper in SF.  For our entrees, we ordered the shortrib and scallops.  The shortribs came out in a little pot still in its juices, so it stayed moist and flavorful and the scallops were average.  So, for the sides, we didn't realize that they were meant to be shared, but we had leftovers for a midnight snack.  I would think our waiter would've told us the portion size when we ordered the braised kale, potato gratin, baby spinach, and baby shiitake mushrooms just for ourselves, but oh well.  All the sides except the spinach were delicious.  Spinach was good too, but I'm sure it would've been better with bacon.  Ha.Overall....................... seriously not worth it!
1	Crapsteak was a fine dining flop.I was really excited to eat at Craftsteak.  After watching many episodes of Top Chef and hearing Chef Tom C. chastise contestants regarding quality, execution and 'if it's not right, don't serve it', I was anxiously anticipating a truly fine dining experience of extraordinary quality.  Well Tommy, you failed.  Epic fail.  It was one of the worst meals I've had in an upscale fine dining establishment.  The meat was a poor cut, the service slower than snot, the meal cold and the sides greasy.  Presentation was thoroughly poor.  The wait staff bumbled over each other trying to figure out who got what.  I now refer to CraftSteak as 'CrapSteak'. When I now see Tom shooting his mouth off on TC, I laugh my ass off over the hypocracy. Tom, please pack your knives and go home.
3	Liked it over all. the mash potatoes are incredible and the steak is of course very good! Overall its a good steakhouse but nothing too amazing!
2	Food was ok... Not nearly deserving of the price. The service was inattentive and dismissive. I'd recommend dining elsewhere.  They even mixed up our steaks, and refused to admit fault.
4	Being a fan of Top Chef, vising Craftsteak was must on our trip to vegas! We didnt have a reservation, but were able to get seated on a cute table right by the bar. It was alittle nicer than being in the inside hall, since the lighting seemed to be brighter outside. The atmosphere of the restaruant is very nice.. it is very calm but very professional at the same time. We started our order with Lobster Bisque. This is a must get if you have never tried it..or a fan or lobster. It taste like... wow did you melt the shell inside it too?? that is how deep and strong the flavor of the lobster is. They mean business when it comes to getting the flavor. I loved the soup!Foie Gras was also delicious, cooked very nicely and it went well with the Kumquat.The potato guratin was a little heavy, but it went well with everything. The main course the meat... i had the Filet Mignon, which was cooked very nice, medium rare just the way i like it. Perhaps it was not the best piece of steak that I had, but none the less it was yummy!I also have to rave about their bread! Talk about coming straight from the oven! The outside was crispy and the inside was fluffy! I think the bread was also the highlight of the evening!!
3	Food was awesome! Very delicious and great portion. But we were disappointed with the service. It was my first time there And second time for my boyfriend. It was our anniversary dinner and they did not even do anything to make it special. For the price you pay, there should be something like a small dessert maybe (just like what other nice and expesive restaurant normally do like mastro's, ruth's chri, etc). My bf mentioned that service sucks because after eating, they don't evenAsk or offer if you would to box your food. They just take it.  To sum it all up, food was great but service.... Blah!
5	Was there Saturday the 18th and they are so good damm good at what they do. The waiter we had was above and beyond.
5	All I can say, is WOW. My boyfriend and I came here for our first meal in Las Vegas. I love top chef and was curious about Tom Collicho's food. My boyfriend was dying to try wagyu beef.We started out with some oysters. They were heavenly. Fresh and full of deliciousness. We had three different kinds from NY.The table next to us received one too many desserts, so they passed theirs off to us at this point. Not a traditional order for courses, but it was delicious. We had the flourless chocolate cake with the blood orange sorbet.The sorbet was out of control. It went perfectly with the cake.For our main course, I had lobster. It was delicious! Perhaps a little too much spice (I prefer butter and lemon on my lobster to let the lobster flavor come out), but it was still great and I ate the whole thing. My boyfriend got the wagyu skirt steak. I have literally never seen him so happy in my life. I tasted it and it was INCREDIBLE. I've never tasted anything like that before! We ate the whole thing.We also got the brussel sprouts with bacon. Although we didn't have much room let for them, they were still wonderful. We had a delicious Malbec with our food. The wine list here is extensive and great.The service was good. A little formal and stiff, but they took really good care of us.I'd be back in a heartbeat! This place is amazing.
2	Pretty disappointed with my experience here, which is sad since I was excited to dine here.I booked a 7:45 reservation, knowing I had to catch a show across the street at 10:00. When we arrived at 7:40, they let us know that they were running a little late on seating people but would let us know, so off to the bar we went....25 minutes later, we were FINALLY seated, and we reminded the waiter(s) that we had a show to catch. The lobster bisque everybody raved about was OK - just OK. The bread that came in the little cute skillet was better than OK but nothing amazing. We ordered drinks, and that did not come until I was done with my first course.The rib eye I got was nicely cooked, but unfortunately due to lack of time, I only got to eat half of it. The sides we ordered - hen of the woods mushroom didn't taste anything different from me roasting my own mushrooms - not sure what the big deal was with that side. The kale with white beans and bacon was SO salty we could barely eat half of it. The only saving grace to this whole meal was the potato puree - it was silky smooth and flavored perfectly. As it's 9:20 I'm looking for my waiter - there was three introduced to me, yet none seem to be found anywhere? When I finally got their attention to pack up my food and  give me a bill, we were given an after-dinner pastry with mint filling which I really liked (I think there was basil in the filling which was a nice touch).Then I walk to my theater and they tell me no food is allowed, so after dropping $200 on dinner, I was told I couldn't keep my leftovers... Now, if I had that extra 25 minutes to eat and really enjoy my dinner without rushing, maybe I wouldn't be so upset about the whole experience. Probably won't be back here again.
5	I ate here last weekend with two of my male friends. We had a reservation for Saturday at 10pm. Tip #1: Don't make a reservation for 10pm in Vegas. I started the drinking day at 8am with a bloody mary, so by the time our dinner started I was beginning my 14th consecutive hour of drinking.I have the receipt next to me, so I'm just going to walk through it item by item:2 Miller Lite - $12: I swear to God I had no memory of us ordering two Miller Lites until I read it on the receipt just now. Clearly, despite the incredibly high quality of this restaurant, their Miller Lites are less than memorable.6 oyster, daily - $24: I am responsible for ordering this completely unnecessary appetizer. None of us are even all that crazy about oysters, though I did enjoy them.1 Glass Pinot Noir - $17: One of my friends got this. I didn't try any of this $17 wine, but I'm guessing it wasn't as good as three Miller Lites or four oysters.1 Arugula - $13: This salad was ordered by the same dude who ordered the wine. At this point in the meal, he's easily our table's frontrunner for "most proper diner" with wine and salad. I'm in second with a Miller Lite and oysters, while my other friend is nursing a Miller Lite and looking as though he is about to hurl.Bread - $0: This is not on the receipt, but it is worth mentioning. We tore into this bread like Kevin Costner and Morgan Freeman eating that weird melon in Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves (Wait, what? You don't get this reference?). This bread was so damn good. Granted, we had been drinking for over half a day and intentionally starving ourselves since "we are going to Craftsteak later!! wooo!!" Our bread destruction is how I know the service was top notch. We tore through the bread in--I shit you not--30 seconds per plate, and got through four plates of it. Yet, each time, our server had a new plate of fresh bread waiting for us almost instantly.2 Potato Gratin - $28: This was poorly played by us. When two of you are going to drop $14 on simple potato sides, you should probably diversify. At least the portion was very large, and the potatoes did taste good. They actually tasted sort of like Betty Crocker Three Cheese Potatoes except, well, no that's exactly what they tasted like. Only they were $14. C'mon though, you can't just eat a steak on a plate all by itself right? Wrong. You most definitely can. Lay out $14 on the plate next to the steak, and while you are eating decide whether you'd like to exchange that for some Betty Crocker potatoes.1 Ribeye: $511 NY Strip: $481 Steak & Lobster: $69 - The steaks really were great. I got the strip, and it was cooked perfectly. Some reviewers were disappointed with theirs, and perhaps it being near 11pm and less crowded allowed for closer attention to be paid to our steaks, but my steak truly was perfect. The filet was good too. I know this because my friend went to the bathroom while there was still some filet left on his plate, so I just picked it up and popped that badboy right into my mouth. Yeah, it was kind of a dick move and, yes, I understand that alcohol shouldn't be an excuse for bad behavior, but I had at this point been drinking for FIFTEEN HOURS.OVERALL: Great experience, great food, and the total bill ($283.22) wasn't even that bad, though this had a lot to do with how little we were drinking since we were already on the verge of dying.
4	I took my girlfriend here for her birthday in January 2012. We're big fans of Top Chef, so expectations were high. We ended up ordering the Chef's selection, which includes an appetizer course, main course, and desert course. It was a TON of food. Quantity was not an issue here.  What we got:Appetizers1. Lobster bisque 2. Shrimp cocktail3. Casear salad 4. Wild arugula saladMain course1. Three steaks (NY Strip, Filet Mignon, Porterhouse)2. Sides (potato puree, mushrooms)Deserts1. Cinnamon Monkey Bread(there might have been another desert, but I forget... I was in a food coma by this point).The appetizers, sides and deserts all deserve 5 stars (the lobster bisque is one of the best I've had). Ironically, the steak was the weakest point of the dinner. We asked for medium and the filet mignon was more like well done. The NY strip and porterhouse were better than the filet, but they were just ok. I've had much better steak at other restaurants. BTW, I also recommend the cocktails. They're very good.Overall, an excellent dinner and restaurant. However, given the issue with the steak, I can only give Craftsteak 4 stars. Sorry Tom.
5	This was one of the BEST meals we have ever eaten in our 30 something years of marriage.  It is truly a place for meat lovers, so stay away if you want something else.  The server, David, and the entire staff were attentive, pacing our evening perfectly, as you cannot rush this eating process.  We chose the 3 course Chef's selection with red wine pairing.  The appetizer course had 4 different choices, with the frisse salad and pacific prawns being our favorite.  The Jordan Cab was the perfect pairing.  Main course provided 2 types of meat, Filet and Ribeye, melt in your mouth steaks, cooked perfectly.  Accompaniments of potatoes and asparagus rounded out the entrees. The wine a Pejuu CAB very dry and brought out the flavors of the meat.  Dessert, was seriously an OMG moment!  The monkey bread with cinnamon icecream made me not care how many miles I had to run on the treadmill the next day.  I don't know what is in this pastry, but it was truly the best ending to the evening.  We left full, happy, and a little credit card shocked, wine pairing was more than we thought, but well worth it.  YOU MUST try this place when in Vegas.  Take your time, do not rush through the evening, and you will be very happy!!
5	This review is based on my visit on 11/20/11. The service and food are excellent. We had the three course menu and it was fantastic. I will definitely recommend this restaurant.
1	My wife and I were staying at the MGM Grand for 311 Day, and we decided to have a nice meal at Craftsteak on 3/10.  Here is what we ordered:- Market Spinach Salad to start (pretty good, kind of plain though)- Kurobuta Pork Chop, which is what I ordered (Very tasty, but a little overcooked)- Sea Bass (my wife ordered this and liked it)- Risotto on the side (good but needed seasoning, my wife liked it more than I did)- Creme Brulee for dessert (nothing special at all, and neither one of us liked the ice cream that came with it)The service was attentive, but when a manager came by to check on us she did not know what was served with my wife's Sea Bass (turned out to be some sort of mushroom).  I was kind of surprised by that since I love watching shows like Restaurant Impossible, and the host always rips servers for not knowing the menu.  Without our experience afterwards I would give the meal a 3 star rating.  My wife would have gave it at least a 4.Here is where the 1 star comes in.  My wife had a horrible case of food poisoning about 8 hours after we ate.  It was bad enough that we called hotel security about it, as we were concerned she would have to go to the hospital.  The only thing that we didn't share the entire day was the fish, so it is pretty easy to tell it was the culprit.  We actually filed a report with the MGM Grand, and we were told someone from the restaurant would be contacting us to check on her.  She did not have anything to drink that night other than a glass of wine with dinner, so alcohol was not a factor at all.Luckily she was alright the next day and it didn't ruin our trip.  No one from the restaurant ever contacted us to see if she was alright, but I'm pretty sure they were informed because I noticed on the online menu that the Sea Bass isn't there anymore!  There is a blank space where it should be (I just looked at the menu to verify the exact names of what we ordered).  It was between the salmon and surf & turf.  I was disappointed that I spent close to $200 on a dinner that made my wife violently ill, and that is why they get 1 star.  That should not happen at a fine restaurant like this, and they should have reached out to us afterwards since we were guests at the hotel.
5	I am not a regular meat eater so when I detour I try to make it memorable. Taking a detour at Craftsteak certainly went well beyond that expectation. We went full out and did the Chef's Beef Selection and went for the Australian A5 Wagyu that was served family style. Yes, we had salad, sides, dessert, and even two selections of beef with the whole experience. What all of the details were, however, are all a blur. The main focus was the beef and I must say it was quite amazing.It was cooked to perfection and the texture and taste were something I have never experienced before. The service was extremely friendly and attentive as well. Bottom line it certainly exceeded my expectations and I would definitely do it again though if I did I think I would try to change it up a bit -- maybe the surf and turf? Who knows, I just would not want to wreck any exaggerated memories that build up over time for the meal we had since it is going to be hard, very hard, to match the experience again.
5	Family style off the chefs menu is the way to go.  Surf n turf all the way.  Loved everything I've ever had here, not one bad thing to say. I go here every time I'm in Vegas. It's also perfect for eating solo at the bar.   Pricey but well worth it.
3	this could have been one of the best dinners i have ever had, though just my luck, talk about matters turning for the worst. started off with a couple of don julio/anejo margis at the bar; excellent!!! bartender  was also very nice/professional. my gal and i were seated and we started off with their seafood sampler which was the absolute bomb. i think it was around $52.00 though it was worth every dime. real generous servings of king crab, lobster, 4 oysters, 2 large prawns, caviar, and etc. all the seafood is chilled.  anyhow yummy it was. as for our main course my gal ordered the rib eye, and for myself i ordered the filet mignon. we also ordered gratan potatoes & spinach for side dishes. o.k. here is where things started going south. when our steaks came out in these metal skillet type dishes, and we started digging into our steaks, i can honestly say that our steaks were both at room temp. not even warm. just to give tom colicchio some credit, i will say our steaks were barely warm. i looked over at my date and asked her how her steak was, and basically she replied, "this is one of the worst steaks i have ever had due to the fact that the beef is actually cold. not even warm." of course i felt the same way about my filet. we were thinking of having our waiter take our steaks back and warm them up a little, except for the fact that both of our steaks were over cooked. when our waiter came over and asked us how everything was, i mentioned to him that our steaks were cold. our waiter was an older/nice latino man, and i liked him in the beginning, though when he started to bullsh_t me about that they don't serve their steaks warm/hot, i lost all respect for this guy. i was thinking to myself, does this guy think i am some kind of idiot? actually the problem is that i am 46 and i look about 33. my gal looks quite young too, so people take for granted that we are kids and that we won't know any better. they under estimate us all the time. well sure enough here we go again, except i never thought i would get this unprofessional service at such a nice restaurant. later on that weekend i called my good friend up who recomended this restaurant for dinner  and asked him about the steaks/skillets coming out cold. his story was completely different from what the waiter. he mentioned how the skillets should be hot and that you should be careful of them. mines wasn't even warm. so basically what happened was our food was forgotten about for a lengthy amount of time, our dipsh_t waiter didn't pick up on the fact that he was bringing us cold food or just didn't think we would catch on to this, and worst of all, our saturday night dinner was ruined, because of their weak staff. bringing cold beef to our table; hello. mc donalds serves hotter food than you shmucks. should have went to matros or nines. actually the sizzler would have been better. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!!!! They need to find better staff/waiters, ecspecially if they are going to be be bullsh_tting their customers. It amazes me, just with a little bit of effort, this could have all been avoided. But no, the waiter had to make lame excuses and make matters worse. not sure if management is aware what i going on at their restaurant, though i will be calling them tomorrow to let them know. oh and by the way, tom colicchio, your name is on this food, and i just want to let you know you get two thumbs down when it comes to your steaks buddy. your cooks are equally at fault for letting cold food leave your kitchen. you definetly don' know the first thing about running a kitchen. shame on you and this restaurant.Did a little more research, the waiter was not the problem and I take back what I said about the waiter. Did some research, from what I understand this restaurant lets their steaks set for a while before they are served. The manager says that this helps keeps the meat's juices inside the steak according to them. The only problem I see is if you let them set out in the open to long at room tempature the steaks come out to the customer cold, which was our case. If you eat at this restaurant, be sure to tell them to maybe not do this for so long, that way you have a warm steak.
5	I'm giving Craftsteak 5 Top Stars. Tom Colicchio and Craftsteak hit high marks in every aspect of our dinning experience. The bartender made us two great cocktails that started the dinner just right.  The service was excellent and staff was awesome. The food was amazingly great. I had no complaint's what so ever. Every course was incredible. I was very impressed with all our dishes. The Maine lobster bisque was excellent. We also had mussels that were very good.  Braised Short ribs were so tender and so good. I was looking forward to trying the Risotto. I was not disappointed. The star of the diner was Wagyu beef. I cant wait to return. Craftsteak is without a doubt my favorite restaurant in Vegas.
2	Disappointed doesn't begin to describe it. I have had well-prepared steaks at fine establishments in the US, Argentina, Brazil... this was not one of them. The steaks came out cool. I understand steaks need to rest before serving, but this was out right cool. Also, I requested rib-eye medium-rare.. came out closer to rare but not a big deal. My wife requested medium, but this was closer to medium rare. For someone who wants a medium temperature steak, getting it more towards rare IS actually a big deal. Sigh, and for the amount we paid, not worth it. The quality of the steak was also questionable. Service was attentive and atmosphere was pleasant. Only bright spot was stepping out into the MGM Grand Casino, pulling on the slots once, and winning 40 bucks. Paid for the server's tip. One extra star for the well-prepared broccoli.
5	OMG!  Food was delish!!!  Came here for my husbands bday.  Just awesome!  Ambiance is romantic, food is just great and service is outstanding!  What more can you ask for?!  I ordered the lobster bisque and the short ribs and OMG they were fantastic. After the lobster bisque I was pretty full.  Hubby ordered the Halibut also very good!  Give them a shot if you're in Vegas!  We were so full so we skipped out on dessert.
4	Went during NYE and even though they were busy the service was excellent.  One of the best steaks I've had in a really long time.  Had a terrible dinning experience at MiX earlier and I was a little gun shy but Craft did not disappoint.  Had the flat iron which was buttery and awesome but the veggies really made the meal great.   Definitely worth another stop when I'm in vegas again after I curse out the a-holes at mix.
4	The best things about this place: the mini dinner roles w/ sea salt, the short ribs, three philosophers beer, & our Ethiopian waiter!  It's difficult to find short ribs on a menu, so thank you Tom & co.  Great food, would recommend & go back for sure!
4	Wow! Hubby and I made reservations for Craftsteak thanks to our fellow Yelpers. We had originally planned to go to Seablue, but the poor reviews for service made us change our mind. 6pm reservation, and we were seated immediately in an almost-empty restaurant. That sort of freaked me out--what Vegas restaurant is nearly desolate on a Wednesday evening? The good part of that was that our food was delivered very promptly...and the food. Oh my God.Bread: Comes out in its own mini baking tray. Six perfect rolls topped with sea salt and served with delicious butter. They were deliciously addictive, and I wish we hadn't eaten so much of it. It really dampened my appetite...Lobster Bisque: Holy caloric explosion, Batman! The bowl is placed in front of you with huge chunks of lobster in the bottom, and then the sous pot filled with the creamiest bisque is poured into the bowl. It was truly amazing. My husband had the Caesar salad with pickled anchovies, and it was perfect--crisp, cold, flavorful and very big for an appetizer. In hindsight, we should have split an app instead of ordering two.Main course: Hubby got the surf and turf. His filet was delectable, but his shrimp were just okay. He liked them fine, but he referred to them as "nothing to write home about." My flat iron steak was perfectly cooked, and so flavorful that I closed my eyes with each bite. It was nearly a religious experience. Sides: We ordered two sides, not knowing that one side would have easily sufficed. Husband got the fingerling potatoes, which were perfectly cooked, tender and flavorful. I ordered the sugar snap peas which had just been picked THAT MORNING. They were so delicious--al dente, crisp, sweet and served on some sort of light chili sauce that made the favors pop. Truly amazing.Dessert: Just couldn't. I couldn't even finish my meal, so I wasn't about to go hog wild on dessert.Service: Top notch. We had at least three separate staff working our table, including one woman whose only job was to place our silverware. I want that gig. Everyone was friendly, attentive and congenial. One of the most expensive meals of our young lives, but worth it in every way. And Joe was the bees knees. We'll definitely be back!Tips: Order one side for every two people. Share your appetizers. Easy on the bread. And why bring kids to a steak house where the cheapest cut of meat is $40? Enjoy!
4	I planned for our dinner at Crafsteak to be on my birthday since I'm a huge Top Chef fan and have been looking forward to this for months.We made 7pm reservations and were seated immediately into a huge booth. I ordered a raspberry martini ($17) and my husband ordered a Chimay red.  We had already talked about it before hand (in my months of studying the menu) and we went with the Domestic Wagyu tasting menu.Here's what we got:Starters/salads-Prosciutto San Daniele with seckel pearCeasar Salad with pickeled anchovyPacific Blue Prawns with cocktail sauceFrisee salad with poached egg and baconAt first I wasn't happy because I've never had prosciutto nor shrimp and didn't think I'd like either. Stupid me. I'm at CRAFTfreakingSTEAK. The prosciutto was like butter and was so good when paired with a bite of the ceasar salad.  I don't have a good reason for never trying shrimp before, but it just never appealed to me until tonight. Of course the waiter had to show me how to remove the heads, but they were firm and mild and super tasty.  My husband enjoyed the frisee salad a lot.Steak/sides-FiletNY StripYukon Gold PureeGlazed White CarrotsAsparagus with lemon zestThe filet and potato puree were the most delicious things I've ever had (save for the lobster mashed potatoes the previous night at Kokomo's) in my LIFE. Wow. I couldn't stop eating them. The greasy, glazed carrots were a throw-away. Boring and too crunchy for us. The asparagus was pretty average too. The NY Strip was underdone (we asked for medium) and left a lot of blood on my husband's plate. I took one piece, took a bite and put it back. Not for me. My husband enjoyed it though.  I mentioned the temperature problem to the waiter and he offered to buy us a drink, so I got another martini that I never finished since I was getting so full.Desserts-Fruit plateStrawberry sorbet and apple pie ice creamMonkey bread with vanilla ice creamFlourless chocolate cake with blood orange sorbetWe were SO full by this time, that we only had room for a few bites. They were nice enough to put candles in 2 of the desserts (my husband's birthday was the day prior), which was sweet.  The monkey bread was heavenly and I loved the apple pie ice creams. The sorbets were really delicious too.Overall, we were very happy with our dinner and cannot wait to make another trip to Vegas.
4	Awesome place! Food, service, drinks... all excellent.  Could not have asked for much better!  Extremely expensive, but enjoyable.  So why only 4 stars? Here's my thing... if I can find anything to complain about at all, it can't be 5 star.  Overall, I loved it.  But there were a few buts...Food: new york steak - yum! Had a few tough grissly parts (which a $60 steak shouldn't have), and could have used a little more seasoning.  Potato gratin - great flavor, needed to cook a little longer.  Potatoes had a bit much crunch to them.  Monkey bread dessert - OMG out of the world yummy!!!!Drink:  I was in the mood for a pommegranate martini, so they made me one.  BEST DRINK EVER!!! seriously... i will have dreams about this cocktail.  so good!service:  excellent.
5	Very good restaurant...nice marbled steaks, amazing sides and selection. I can't really complain, since we showed up an hour late to our reservation, and everything still worked out well.
3	We were in Vegas for 3 days and I wanted to try a really good steakhouse. I told my husband I wanted to go to Craftsteak for dinner and made reservations. We showed up 15mins early and was seated right on time of our reservation. The service was great and very helpful. The food was excellent and cooked perfectly! The only complaint is why do you have to be located in the MGM?? It's doesn't help when your trying to have a nice dinner when you have two guys and a girl next to us and one of the guys was passed out! Oh and on the way out I had to use the restroom and two girls were puking! Kinda spoiled my nice dinner! Next time I'll stick to Del Frisco's or stripsteak where it is more classier.
2	I went to Craftsteak with such HIGH expectations because of Tom Colicchio and the recommendations of my Best Friends. Delmonico's at the Venetian is my "go-to" steak house in Vegas. With LOTS OF COAXING, I agreed to go to Craftsteak last Saturday night. I was VERY disappointed. The two BEST things of the night were the dinner rolls and the Apple Martini. I ordered the New York steak. I usually ALWAYS order the Rib Eye, but decided to try something new. I ordered it medium - it came to the table medium well. When you are at a high end steakhouse, you expect your steak to be PERFECT. It was not seasoned as well as I had hoped. I had to keep dipping pieces of my steak into the sauce in the pan. And the sauce was just mediocre. For appetizers, my Best Friends had the lobster bisque. We shared the scallops appetizer. I have had better scallops at the Lobster in Santa Monica at the Santa Monica Pier. With our entrees, we ordered the mashed potatoes and honey carrots. The potatoes were pretty good. The carrots were okay. Not what I would expect from such a high end restaurant though. And certainly not on par with other high end steakhouses I have frequented. The Waiter who took our order kept making us repeat ourselves. It was very annoying after the FOURTH time. Also, he forgot to bring me my Apple Martini. We had to ask the other server for it only to discover that it had been sitting at the bar waiting to be picked up for several minutes. I guess I am happy I tried something different. But I will not be visiting Craftsteak any time in the near future.
5	My girlfriends and I were in Vegas for a short weekend.  We aren't gamblers but LOVE eating well.  Of course, we had to try Craftsteak!  And, I'm so glad we did.  The service, ambiance and FOOD was amazing.  We were seated promptly at our reservation time in a large corner booth.  Our waiter, Kevin, was charismatic and helpful.  He did a wonderful job explaining our options, describing the food and making perfect recommendation.On his suggestion, we got the Chef's beef selection, with an Angus prime rib and t-bone, and a wagyu strip steak.  The wagyu was phenomenal.  Honestly, if you can only get one thing - get that.  But, if you get the Chef's menu, you also get these amazing sweet/salty buns to start, then lobster bisque with giant chunks of lobster, then salads (we got the warm frisee salad, the mozzarella salad and the arugula salad), then the steak and three sides (asparagus, snow peas and potato puree).  All of it completely divine.Finally, they brought us a bazillion desserts, which I was much too full to eat, but my friends said the monkey bread was to die for.We were attended to regularly, but not rushed in the slightest.  A perfectly decadent Vegas meal.
5	Worth every penny!! We had the filet Mignon, lobster bisque, potato puree, wild mushrooms and chocolate souffle!! Everything was amazing!!
5	This was the GREATEST decision to celebrate my 3 year anniversary and as I write this I STILL taste the food!The wife and I went with the 3 course wagyu beef taste menu and the portion size was unreal, but trust me you'll find room for everything! Haha..All in all there were no complaints at all about anything so hence the 5 stars..I can't say I've ever been able to say that about a meal before!We started with being overloaded with appetizers, but believe me that is an awesome understatement..I don't remember the names exactly, but we did have prosciutto paired with a pear which blew my mind, 2 salads one which was spinach and the other had an egg and bacon mixed in which again left me seeing stars! That was partnered with some strip and cocktail sauce which made me want to lick the bowl clean. The main course and best course, MEATPALOOZA! We had selected the filet mignon and on recommendation of our waitress the skirt steak..They do NOT leave you hungry here at all..We had what felt like 50 cows in front of us, but it was the most tender steak I'd have ever encountered and the flavoring was a mardi gras in your mouth (oh yes that's surely a good thing in this instance)..It was paired with asparagus which was prepared to perfection, mashed potatoes which were not heavy in any right!At this point my eyes were popping out, but as I said once they lay the dessert down you FIND ROOM BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY..We had the most delectable vanilla bean cheesecake ever, the ever famous and good in the hood monkey bread, and a sample of strawberry/chocolate sorbet..With it being our anniversary they even wrote in chocolate a congratulatory message which certainly shows that they care just that extra above the rest!We did piece together why their menu isn't listed anywhere and this by far to me was the big brownie point..They serve what is currently in season so the menu is ever changing..I know Las Vegas is a town for change, but some things remain as they are..I'm happy to know if I come back in 6 months the review would be different..They make Tom proud at the very least I'm sure!Our bill total was about $394, but honestly for the amount of food we had for the both of us and the amount of value we were shown each bite chewed along with every penny paid made the meal worth every bit of that outing!
1	Craftsteak was very disappointing. We did one of the sampler menu items. The ribeye was tough and way over salted. The breaded shrimp,first course, was dry and tasteless and the cocktail sauce was unremarkable.   The potatoes au gratin were so so and a little undercooked. The balsamic carrots were extremely tough- inedible. The  lamb chops, beet salad, and asparagus were phenomenal.  For less than the $110 per person, we could have gone to a Houston's or Ruth's Chris and gotten a much better meal. The server was in our face agressive. I am not the kind of person to send the food back. I just will never go back to the restaurant.I would have given this place 2 stars, but I feel ripped off.
3	The food is mediocre and definitely not worth the ridiculous price. We had the three course tasting (4 people) wagyu which included 3 salads, 3 filets, 1 Lobster, and 5 desserts. The salads were decent and the filets were tender but didn't melt in my mouth. The desserts looked impressive and tasted like any high end Vegas buffets.  Still haven't found a steak house that can beat or come near Peter Lugers.Tom Colocil, please pack your knives and go.
5	You don't get much better than Craftsteak.  Tucked in the back of MGM Grand, I feel like Craftsteak might be overlooked by a lot of people, even with Tom Colicchio's name plastered out front.  For everyone who has passed on Craftsteak, you missed out.  Craftsteak is simple, elegant, and executes everything perfectly.  There aren't a lot of frills, foams, or tacky decor - form follows function, and quality follows form.You won't be overwhelmed by a large appetizer menu, which is perfectly fine with me - start with a seafood starter or a salad, I suggest the lobster bisque and the caesar, respectively, and you'll be happy.  The main focus are the steaks, which are fantastic - well portioned, perfectly cooked, and well presented.  If you have some extra money to blow, there are multiple steak menus available (Prime, Domestic Wagyu, and Australian Wagyu), along with a multiple person chef's selection beef menu that is meant for sharing and sampling.  The sides are fantastic as well, my favorites being the asparagus and the potato puree.  But, perhaps the best part of the meal...the bread.  I have never had bread simple melt in my mouth like the soft, warm pillows of heaven that are served in cast iron pans.  If I could eat their bread for every meal for the rest of my life, I would in a heartbeat, it's just that good.The decor is modern, and the atmosphere is excellent - quiet and subdued, but still trendy and upscale.  The waitstaff is excellent, and each table is visited at least once by a sommelier.  All things considered, Craftsteak is one of the best steakhouses in Vegas, and one of the best high-end restaurants in Vegas, period.  You will pay handsomely for your meal, but it is well worth the quality of the entire experience.  If you want a good hunk of beef, you will not be disappointed with Craftsteak, as it is consistently one of the best (and one of my favorite) restaurants on the strip.
5	When everything elicits a mouthgasm, you know it's good. Meal of a lifetime. There were more than a few moans coming from our table, at one point my friend put her fist on the table after her first bite of something delectable, and I believe I may have threatened to fight my companions for the monkey bread. But back to the beginning. We decided to get the Domestic Waygu Chef's tasting. The appetizers included bread with sea salt, a warm frisse bacon blue cheese salad, prawns, prosciutto, and another salad with a raspberry vinagrette. Normally when someone says the bread  was a standout, that implies everything else wasn't too good. But in this case, the bread was Just. That. Good. Didn't even need butter, in my opinion.Next was the meat. Filet, new york strip, and ribeye. The new york strip was my favorite--every piece was like butter. Sides were risotto, potato puree, and honey glazed carrots with rosemary. They were all good, but the meat was amazing, and the reason we came in the first place, so we beasted our way through the meat and left a bit of the sides behind. At this point, we were all a bit weary with the meal. We asked our server for a bit more time to digest before dessert. Throughout the entire meal, the service was stellar--we started off with them offering to switch our white napkins to black ones, so my friend's black outfit wouldn't get all lint-y. They continued being attentive throughout the meal. After a bit more time to attempt to digest, dessert arrived. The infamous monkey bread with ice cream (do not remember what flavor), chocolate souffle with hazlenut ice cream (YUM), a fresh fruit plate that went largely untouched, vanilla bean cheesecake with cream, and a trio of sorbets (orange-basil, a raspberry with something else, and another flavor I do not remember, but it was creamy). As another reviewer said, it was the best cheesecake of my life. However, even with that, the sorbet and monkey bread were so over the top with amazingness that it went largely untouched. There is no way to describe the monkey bread, only it may have been the best dessert of this sweet tooth's life. The raspberry sorbet was so tart it almost tasted fizzy, which I loved. I wasn't the biggest fan of the orange-basil as a dessert, but it would be refreshing as hell poolside. All in all, worth every penny--even though it was a good quarter of a paycheck. Cannot wait to return for more.
5	Can I give 10 stars? While my one of my lovely dinner date's, Gabrielle (below), divulged everything out in her (detailed and fabulous) review, I just wanted to say I agree with everything 100%. Everything was amazing. Totally worth the large amount of my paycheck that I spent, haha. Just as an FYI, the monkey bread came with Banana Sorbet. I can't even. I wanted to crawl out I was so full. The coffee was amazing, too. It was a lovely french press that I got about 4 cups out of. YUM. YUM. YUM. Did I mention the bread was TO. DIE. FOR.?!
4	Excellent meal for 2~ not sure it was worth $300 (without even one cocktail or dessert)  but the food, service and ambience was mostly excellent. Had the arugula & pinenut salad, glazed baby carrots, pancetta risotto, assorted mushrooms and surf and turf (filet and scallops). The salad dressing was VERY tart and the salad was way too big or shouldve been shared (wish the waiter mentioned that). Salad could have used a few more ingredients ..maybe egg and/or bleu cheese...definitely needed something to cut the sour vinaigrette. The filet and scallops were seared perfectly and delicious.The assorted mushrooms and baby carrots with rosemary were also very good but maybe a little big for 2 people. Great meal, bring a huge wallet.
5	Writing this review for the parental units: OMG!  Food was phenomenal!  We came here for our anniversary.  Just awesome!  The ambiance is romantic and the dress code was what I would call business casual. The food is just great and service is outstanding!  What more can you ask for?!  I ordered the lobster bisque and the short ribs and OMG they were fantastic. After the lobster bisque, I was pretty full. The hubby ordered the halibut which he absolutely loved! You should give them a shot if you're in Vegas! We were so full so we skipped out on dessert.
5	I still have dreams of this meal. It was that incredible. The steak was so soft and tender it was almost like eating steak flavored butter and I didn't even have the best steak in the house. Everything about this dining experience was top notch. The service was impeccable and every dish perfection. The Caesar Salad served on a wedge of romaine lettuce  was crispy and the dressing had just the right bite and the tuna sashimi was as good as you'd get in any high end sushi bar. The only thing that I would have changed was the new age jazz playing over the speakers. That had to go.
2	It is with a heavy heart that I give Craftsteak two stars.  Part of it was expectations, and part of it is the actual experience.Expectations: Top-notch service, tasty food, atmosphere, advice on wine.Expectations met on... atmosphere and wine.  The Malbec that the sommelier recommended was really and truly delicious.  Expectations not met on... service or food.  The appetizers (scallops!) and the lobster were fantastic, but this is Craftsteak.  I expected out-of-this-world steak, and we were sorely disappointed.  The ribeye we got must've been a bad cut, because the best word I can think of is 'grisly.'  Points to the staff because when we mentioned it, they did take a little off the bill.  I would've rather gotten a bite of good ribeye, but whatevs.The dessert was awesome.  If I go again, I'll have an appetizer and dessert!The service started out like any high-end dining experience, but then things got weird.  We got a sort of family style four-course meal that included multiple appetizers, salads, entrees, and desserts.  It's a little annoying to have three entrees brought out at once - for two people.  We couldn't possibly eat everything while it was hot, so that was LAME.  We felt this way on every course - we couldn't enjoy and take our time, we had to stuff our face before stuff got cold.  Our server also mysteriously disappeared after the orders were taken until the meal was over.  We actually refilled our own wine glasses.  After waiting about 10 minutes to see if the server would be back (as expected at high-end places, or am I off-base?).  When they were nowhere to be found, we took matters into our own hands.I can't say I'll be back anytime soon - there are so many great restaurants in Vegas!  I would skip Craftsteak.
4	Best steak and tasting menu ever.  Love it. Worth the money. We had three different kinds of steak, a cucumber salad with a super well balanced vinegarette, quail, mashed potatoes, cord, and a lobster bisque. Everything was exceptional and simply made. We are going back every time we visit Las Vegas.
5	OK so my husband wanted to take me to a nice bday dinner.  He really wanted steak so we decided to give Craftsteak another try.  I am so glad we did.  We had show tickets for David Copperfield so we had an earlyish dinner reservations on a Saturday night.  When the hostess originally went to seat us, she put us in a very cattle call like table seated right next to one of the few only people in the restaurant.  Since it was my bday I asked her if we could possibly get a booth for a little more ambiance.  I am so glad I asked.  We were seated in a booth in the back corner.  It was perfect.  Although there were other people dining, it really felt as though we had the whole place to ourselves.  The servers were incredible and the food was amazing.  To top it off, they brought me out a special bday treat for dessert.  Overall this was a fantastic night.  Thank you.
5	I knew it would be good, but seriously the best steak I have ever had.
5	The $140 tasting menu ready hit the spot...the servers are super nice and friendly i've been here countless times and the food and the service never changes...
5	Food, service, and presentation were impeccable.  It cost almost half my paycheck, but it was worth every cent.  My wife and I both did the 'wagyu' chef selection.  Everyone at the restaurant was on it.  Best meal of my life to date.  If you have some cash to burn, and a real love of meat, this place is heaven on earth!
4	We accidently made reservations for the wrong night but they still honored our reservation so that was a relief and very kind of them since it was a Saturday night.Lobster BisqueReally good and creamy....they actually bring you a soup bowl of lobster and then pour the soup into the bowl in front of you so that was neat.  Wagyu TartarVery tasty, comes with little pieces of crusty toast.  Pretty decent portion, there were 3 of us sharing this and there was enough to satisfy all 3 of us. Braised Short RibVery heavy, rich dish....it was also very salty....came in a big pot....probably should be eaten with some kind of starch.  I will say that the meat was very tender.BroccoliJust a side of broccoli drenched in butter/oil.
5	Came here for a large private party and they served us family style.  I thought it was weird at first, but we were able to try a lot of different things.  The steak, chicken and salads that we got were all good.  The dish of the night was definitely the braised short ribs.  Very delicious.
3	During dinner my partner asked me who was it that said,"Risotto should be creamy and spread over the plate when served?"  She almost choked when I said,"Tom Collichio!"  Our rissotto did not spread over the plate and some of the pieces were a tad crunchy.  I had the foie gras as an appetizer and it was delicious, but a little on the oily side. I greedily left none on the plate and will order it again if I return, since it is about to be banned in my wonderful home state. My rib eye was cooked well, but really nothing to write home about and I am a fan of bone in meat.  My girl likes meat too and ordered the filet, hers was delicious.  Apparently she was quite happy with the meat that she received that night.She liked the steak too! ;)
4	So I did go here two years ago, not recently, but I loved it so much that I just HAD to review it! I didn't know much about the Colicchio restaurants when I went here but my boyfriend and I were staying at the MGM Grand. It was the week before Christmas and this was one of only three restaurants open in our hotel so we decided to go our first night. And I am so glad we did! It set a high bar that was never cracked. The food was unreal, service great, and ambiance felt very cool and hip but not too loud. They also had monkey bread (made from cinnamon roll batter) for dessert! I had only had this at sleepaway camp and didn't realize it existed elsewhere! Very pricey, but hey, what isn't in Vegas? Definitely worth it but not to attend as a regular.
4	We had a large group dinner here on Saturday night and I must say, they took care of our group very well. I thought all the steaks were very flavorful...NY strip Wagyu was my favorite...and Rib Eye was pretty damn good as well. They had a nice wine selection (mark up wasn't too too bad). Overall sides were prepared well and tasted great (we stuck to mainly the Vegetable selection: asparagus, green beans, mushrooms, and mini squash). Overall, I would definitely come back.
2	This is going to be my first two star performance because for such a hyped up steak restaurant the steaks that were served to me and my parents were just sub-par all around. I got the sirloin and it was dry and just ok. For these prices I expect to be whisked away on some kind of steak adventure.Some of the positives were the service, the side dishes and the unique ambiance. Lot's of cool shades of red and oaky textures for the general layout. The lobster bisque was very nice also and one of the better lobster bisque's I've had. All in all just not very pleased and I won't ever go back when there's definitely better steak places out there.
5	This review is long overdue, but catching up on some reviews, so here I go.  Keep in mind, this review is my experience from 4 years ago.  With the group size we had, we didn't have full access to the full menu, but a well thought out tasting menu.  Two things that stood out was the Kobe steak and the different assortment of desserts.  I've never had Kobe up to that point, but it truly is an experience.  The way it was prepared, and I'm sure you've always heard how it melts in your mouth, well...it really does melt in your mouth.  Now the dessert, what I remember from this experience is, the pepper flavored ice cream.  You say pepper?  Yes, pepper.  I can exactly say its for everyone, but if you have an open mind and enjoy trying out new things, it's worth a bite.
5	Craftsteak was an exceptional meal from beginning to end. We've tried Craft before in LA, but Craftsteak is definitely my favorite out of the two. Service was topnotch and the food was excellent. We had the lobster bisque, which was the best one I've ever had. The bisque was so flavorful and fragrant, and had huge chunks of perfectly cooked lobster. It's even poured table side to give a little pizzazz. I also had the caesar salad, which tasted great. My only complaint would be the whole anchovies served on top of the salad. (It's weird seeing little slivers of fish sitting on top of your salad, at least to me.)We wanted to try two different preparations of steak, so we had the NY strip (which is grilled) and the TBone (which is roasted). I'm really glad we chose two extremely different ones because it was the best way to taste the subtle differences in each. The NY strip had a really great charred, smokey flavor. The TBone has a much softer, buttery texture and is more mild (less of that heavy "meaty" taste). I preferred the NY strip, but the TBone was more interesting and unique.For sides we had the potato gratin and the hen of the woods mushroom. We had a hard time picking the mushrooms because I wanted to get just one type ( I thought the the assortment was a little too expensive at $24 compared to the $14 for one). Our server explained each and we ended up choosing the hen, which has a smokey, robust flavor. Both the gratin and mushroom paired perfectly with our steak.We skipped dessert because we were too full, but it looked appetizing so I'd recommend trying to save some room for dessert. Out of the three steakhouses I've tried in Vegas (the other two being SW and Stripsteak), this is hands down my favorite. To me, it has the best ambience and dining experience, and most importantly, the best preparation of steak.
5	If you love steak, you must go this restaurant! This place deserves ONE Michelin star!!! I've been here twice and would prob come more often if I live in or around Vegas.
2	Didn't live up to the hype.  My steak was OK, but all the accompaniments were over salted and the potatoes were underdone.  We tried the arugula salad, heirloom tomatoes, asparagus along with the filet and chicken.  Steak was well crusted but not enough to carry the meal.
4	Recommended by our buddies Mark and My, Janette went here to celebrate a bunch birthday/graduation/early anniversary.We ordered the Wagyu Prixe Fix.... and wow do they give you a ton of food, especially for 2 people.Buffalo Mozzarella - pretty good... slightly gamey tasting, comparable to a goat cheese flavorwise, but not as pungent or creamy. The red peppers really brought out a nice flavor to the cheese.Caesar Salad - nothing really spectacular about this, other than it being a standard Caesar with ultra fresh ingredients. If you like anchovies like I do, you'd probably want a couple more.Wagyu Carpacio - excellent. Wagyu carpacio with a quail egg in the middle. This was insanely tender and flavorful, and went well with the crusty bread.Avocado Salad - also amazing... what stood out were the onions and cucumbers which were a perfect sweet and sour, which aided in complimenting the creaminess of the avocado.Roasted Corn - the server said this would be the best side... and I agree. This was amazing... perfectly roasted, sweet, and just the texture... crunchy poppy... Chive Potato Puree - too salty. a lot of butter which is normally good but it was definitely over slated. This makes me sad only because I love chives and potatoes. I still inhaled it though.Mushroom Assortment - this was OK... a good assortment of mushrooms that had a variety of textures and flavors that ranged from very woody to chewy. Maybe i expected portabellos...Wagyu Filet - not gonna lie... this was incredibly tender, and you could really notice that there was a higher fat content in this than typical filets by the way the flavor was retained. Perfectly cooked rare to our (my)_ liking. And like most good steaks, the seasoning was simple.Wagyu Ribeye - surprisingly leaner than i expected, considering I've had my share of great steaks. I was expecting this to have tons more fat equating to tons more flavor. This is the first time I prefered the filet over the rib eye. I also realized that I may prefer aged rib eyes as well.Monkey Bread - very similar to what Janette makes, with the only difference being that the dough was less dense. Apricot and Citrus Sorbet - another great dessert to cut the richness of the dishes. A good amount of citrus acidity and flavorStrawberry shortcake (modern take/deconstructed). very interesting take, with the rice crispy adding a great textural flavor. The strawberry ice was refreshing but had a slight amount of bitterness. This also cut the richness from the meal.Assorted seasonl fruits - plane jane stuff. All were sweet. nothing really spectacular but still also a refreshing end.Overall the meal was great... a lot of highs and a few disappointments. Pricewise, you're actually getting a good deal for Wagyu in comparison with their Angus, as Wagyu can run twice as much, and you're only paying about a 20 dollar difference per steak. The service was spectacular and the ambiance was great.
2	What a disappointment. Like everyone else has mentioned the sides were fantastic. The corn was sweet, the farro was creamy complimented with fresh tomatoes. The problem was with the service and our steaks.  Four of the seven people at our table disliked their steaks. My steak in particular was overcooked, dry and under seasoned, which is so odd because the sides were seasoned so well. I expected more from a $60 steak. Our Swiss waiter also started off so personable but once we got our food that ended. Not one person came by to ask how our meal was. The last very strange thing that happened was when I mentioned that I wanted the Peach Sorbet as a dessert the waiter seemed unimpressed. Several people at our table made the observation also. It was if there was a non-verbal cue that I should not order the Peach. Go to Bouchon. That meal was amazing and the service was excellent.
2	Went for the first time in November 2011. Best Porterhouse I ever ate. Just went July 2012, Porterhouse was delivered dry and way overcooked. Talked me into getting a Filet as a substitute. Arrived blood rare. Was still looking for medium-rare. It went back for another 10 minutes, and came back fine. Flavor was not as good as I remember. Seemed under seasoned and dry. Huge difference from November 2011. I've had WAY better steaks at Ruths and Flemings. Too bad this steak house can't deliver a good steak anymore.
5	Absolutely outstanding.I am always very impressed with Craftsteak. From start to finish, it is a fantastic experience.The steaks are quite big, so between the 2 of us we usually get a NY Strip, or Ribeye.Marvin is one of the, if not the best server I've had in all of my trips. I love seeing him, and you can see he genuinely cares about who he is serving, and the food he serves.Fantastic wine list, has everything you can think of, and of every price range. I am not a big dessert person, so I always go for the sorbet.The coffee comes in little french presses! Very nice!Yes, it is expensive, but I would want this as my last meal.Very excited to go to the original Craft in NYC this August!
4	I try my best to eat at a new steakhouse every time I'm in Vegas. This past trip, Craftsteak was one that I had been wanting to try for awhile now. I went here with a party of 5 and we all decided to do the chef's tasting. We ended up doing the wagyu tasting, which I believe was $140 per person. Just FYI, if one person wants to do the tasting, then everyone has to do the tasting, they won't just do it for a few people in your party. It's just because of the way they serve it, family style. But i think the tasting menu is the way to go because you get to try so many things!First off, the service was absolutely amazing. We had two waitresses, but then other waiters/waitresses would come by to check on us as well. Everyone was great and very friendly which is a huge plus for me.We decided to go for the wine pairing because it was easier then trying to find some decent bottles of wine that everyone could agree on. It came with three wines, a chardonnay I think from nickel nickel, a cab from Jordan winery, and then some kind of dessert wine. I'm not usually a fan of white wine, but it did pair well with the first course. First course was all appetizers. I honestly can't remember everything they brought out but there were 5 or 6 appetizers in total that came out and they were all delicious. Second course was the meat and sides. I know one of the sides was mashed potatoes, the other one was carrots, we had peas with hot sauce, and asparagus. I didn't try the peas because hot sauce of peas just didn't sound appealing to me, but according to the other people in the party, it was good. I always make the mistake of filing up on mashed potatoes because that is my favorite side of all time, and this time was no exception. They literally give you 5 or 6 cuts of meat! It is heaven. Here is the mistake we made and you should definitely try to avoid this if you like your meat medium rare/rare: since the meat comes in cask iron skillets, take out all of the pieces of meat and put them on your regular plates. What happened was that we left the steak in the skillets (rookie mistake, I know) and by the time we got to the last few cuts, it was well done. So the first few cuts we had were absolutely amazing, however, as we got to the better cuts (we saved best for last) they were overcooked :( All in all, still a very good meal. Just when you think you're going to explode, dessert comes out. You seriously want to save room because it is quite the spread. Any dessert you're craving, they will have it. I seriously think they brought out 8 desserts for the 5 of us. They were all spectacular. This place is definitely worth the money but just know that it is not going to be a cheap meal, so save your pennies or walk away from that blackjack table while you're ahead!
4	We've ordered the Waygu Skirt steak and the Waygu Rib-Eye. The skirt steak is hands down their best cut. I'm usually not a fan of skirt steak and more of a ribeye or porterhouse fan, but at this place it is very good. Super flavorful and tender. The ribeye wasn't anything special. Their steaks are all pre-cut when they bring it out, it might be a personal preference but I like cutting it myself. We weren't too impressed with any of the sides and for dessert you have to try the monkey bread. You'll never be able to get something like that anywhere else.All in all it's a great place for a great meal.
3	I wish they still had the buffalo steak.  Had it the first time I came, then the past two times it's not been on the menu.  Bring it back!  Other than that - this place is nice. Great decor, friendly waitstaff, and amazing food.  Try the Hen of the Woods mushrooms along with your steak - they're probably the best thing on the menu (and that's not to put down the steaks at all)
1	I was absolutely appalled at this meal. I would have been mortified to serve it and the behavior of the staff made it all the worse. My steak was inedible and as I have pointed out, I do not return food to the kitchen. Either they get it right the first time or I don't want them near my food for another go round. When I left my steak uneaten the server asked if I enjoyed it. Really? What did he think?I pointed out that it was inedible and he told me if I only let him know, he would have brought me another. But at this point, it was too late.He explained this often happens and they just serve it to the pigs. Gosh, thanks. The pigs? So it's either me or the pigs. Nice visual. Rather then an apology or can we bring you a glass of wine, a few other employees made their way over and short of actually making it right, let us leave feeling like we we had done something wrong. Maybe it because we weren't dining with movie stars. I'm not sure what it was but something just didn't click.With so many fabulous restaurants in Las Vegas, this one should be avoided. Bad food and rude wait staff and a $300.00 bill. What more could I ask for?
4	Food here is excellent and drinks are strong! Great place to go if you want an excellent steak house on the strip!
4	Wowzers, this was one of the best short ribs I have ever had. And for only $39 it was a steal. I love it when I don't need to use a fork on my meat, it was so tender. I also got the heirloom tomato salad which was huge ($16). My friend got the ceasar salad and it came with anchovies which he picked out LOL. For my starch we had the the potatoes pureed ($14) and gratin ($14). I like the puree better with the chives. The gratin had a funny sour taste to them for me. I don't know if it was the fancy cheese they used or what. Service was impeccable. Wish he had a better table though but we took what we could get without any reservations. You can easily spend over $100 per person here so be careful! Serving sizes are HUGE, we took everything home.
5	Went here with a group of 9 on a Sunday night, after making reservations only about two hours before. Got seated just fine, and the restaurant was not at all crowded. They were also kind enough to split our checks at the end. We had multiple waiters constantly refilling drinks and attending to our needs. The main guy, in telling us about Craftsteak, boasted that they had been "doing this a long time" and had "gotten pretty good at it." Initially, I thought it was a little boastful, but boy was he right.A few things you might not be able to pick up from the menu online. You do not have to get the chef's tasting menu. You can order a la carte. The prices for entrees range anywhere from about $40 to in upwards of $100. You don't get any sides with your entree automatically, but the a la carte sides you can order (asparagus, pureed potatoes, roasted potatoes, etc) are huge and served family style. One side could be split among two, even three, people. They start you off, for free, with fresh-out-of-the-oven dinner rolls, lightly covered in butter. They were very good -- not great, like Pearl Dive's bread in D.C. -- but very good. I also ordered the lobster bisque to start. It was amazing. They put a good chunk of lobster in the bottom of a bowl, then pour the piping hot soup on top of it in front of you. I can't convey how good this was.For dinner, I got the ribeye. I'm not a big steak guy, so maybe I don't have a good basis for comparison, but this was hands down the best steak I have ever had. The second place finisher isn't even close. I also tried a friend's short ribs, which I had seen as being well reviewed. They, too, were amazing.For dessert, I had to try the famous monkey bread. Full though I was from the meal, I'm glad I did. Served with a sour cream ice cream, it was just incredible. Probably one of the top five desserts I've ever had (finishes behind the donuts at Graffiato and the pecan pie at Pearl Dive, though). My girlfriend, a vegetarian, just got the tomato soup and ordered roasted potatoes on the side. I have to admit she was disappointed, and trying her soup, I can see why.  It was pretty bland, nothing like the lobster bisque. That said, I can't not give this place 5 stars. Between my meal and hers, and two glasses of scotch, my total bill, with tax and tip, came out to about $200. You certainly don't have to spend that much if you don't get dessert and soup, but you can easily. That said, it was way worth it. If I go to Vegas again, I'm likely going back here.
4	Solid meal. Service was almost impeccable. I took my husband here for his 30th birthday. What better place to take a dude than to a steak house right? RIGHT!We went with the domestic wagyu chef's tasting menu. They say "three courses" but what they mean is you get three rounds of food piling up at your table. There were multiple appetizers, multiple steaks, and multiple desserts. If there was something you really wanted - they were pretty accommodating in making any changes.On top of the three course meal - we also ordered a dozen little neck clams.Appetizers + the clams came out and they were outstanding. The clams were fresh and delicious and the appetizers were really good. I hate to say this - but I'd even say the appetizers stood out more than the steak (I know... blasphemy for a steak place). The shrimp were the highlight of the appetizer section followed really closely by the clams.The steaks: I can't remember... but we got 4 different cuts of steak and a bunch of sides - including the really delicious mashed potatoes. Although by this point, we were literally bursting to the seams. We ended up packing 1/2 away for snack later.Dessert - 4 different desserts - although one of them is a fruit plate but I think that still counts since it wasn't just fruit cut up... At this point we were just trying to eat whatever wouldn't keep for a few hours because our stomachs were packed.While the three course tasting was fun - I'd probably do this place a la carte. The portions were ridiculous for 2 people and I felt like I couldn't enjoy my steak as much since I was pretty much full after all the appetizers. Overall, worth a visit - but come with a hungry stomach!
5	Yelp defines 5 stars as "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" I can honestly say that the Domestic Wagyu Skirt Steak I had at Craftsteak really was the best steak I have ever eaten in my life. Were it not such an upscale, classy establishment, I would have shouted the "Woohoo!" part right there on the spot. I wanted to take my girlfriend to one really nice dinner while we were in Vegas together, something really memorable. Based on good reviews, my penchant for a nice steak, and a strong recommendation from my friend Randi B., Craftsteak got the nod. I made a reservation for Friday at 8:00 PM, but we ended up hungry and ready an hour early. The nice people at Craftsteak go us a table at 7:05 in their gorgeous dining room. We started out with a Caesar Salad and Lobster Bisque. The salad was excellent, but the bisque was absolutely outstanding. Big, meaty chunks of lobster in the bottom of the bowl right where you can see them before the server pours the smooth, succulent bisque on top. Perfect presentation, top notch ingredients, and amazing flavor. I love bisque and this stuff was amazing. Then on to the steak. The flavor was so complex that on the first bite, I missed the point. I didn't get the subtlety of just how great this steak was. I tried a bite of my girlfriend's Filet Mignon, and I initially thought that she made the better choice. But when I got back to my skirt steak, the perfect marbling, the amazing seasoning, and the way the steak held its flavor became apparent. The filet was amazing too, and slightly more tender then the skirt steak, but flavor of the skirt trumped it. Randi recommended this steak to me specifically, and I in turn recommend it to you. For the starch, we had potatoes au gratin. Again, wonderful. But the real star of the "side" lines was the Brentwood Sweet Corn. My girlfriend took the first bite of this, and let out a small sigh of pleasure, and said "Oh, you have to try this." It really was amazing. In fact, the best corn I have ever eaten now that I think about it. I don't know what it was, it seemed to just be grilled corn on the cob, cut off, and dipped in some light butter sauce, but my god. We were calling it "Crack Corn," because it was like crack. Again, I highly recommend it. Dinner also comes with free freshly baked dinner rolls here. We had two orders, the second without the salt on top. The bread was amazing, and better without the salt. After all that, we were too full for desert, which is a bit of a shame, because I'll bet it would have been transcendent. But, as I always say in Vegas, you have to know when to hold them, and when to fold them. Niether of us drink, so we had nothing but water in the liquid department. After the soup, salad, two steaks, potatoes, and corn, the total was $200.43. Craftsteak is certainly not inexpensive, but even at $100 a head, before tips and drinks, it was still really good value for money. If you want a great steak dinner on the strip, Craftsteak does it right.
5	Best lobster I have ever had. My husband ordered the 2 1/2lb lobster for dinner and boy was I happy to get to try some of it. It was declawed and soaking in a butter sauce with sweet corn, cilantro, and sun dried tomatoes. I never thought that mixture would work but omg it did work. I am a huge fan of Top Chef and Tom's restaurants was everything and more than I expected, from the service to the decor it was 5 star dinning at its finest. And, yes it was worth every penny :)
3	My hubs and I went here for our anniversary and I was so excited. In the end I was a little disappointed. I just didn't feel it was worth the money. Everything is a la carte but they do have some meal options. I had the flat iron steak and my husband had the rib eye. We ordered 3 veggie sides since we don't eat grains: baby carrots, green beans and the sweet corn. Steaks: The flat iron was perfectly cooked and tender. It was well seasoned and delicious. The rib eye: my husband enjoyed it but it seemed a little fatty to me. Sides: everyone says this place is known for their side dishes. Not really sure what all the fuss was about!Carrots: baby orange and yellow. They were in a sweet honey sauce that was just ok. They could have been seasoned better and they weren't cooked evenly. Some were hard and some soft. Green beans:  these were pretty boring. They were in a butter sauce with almonds. Something I could make at home. Sweet corn: this was pretty good.The corn was nice and sweet and the seasoning was good too. I liked the corn with the green onions. We peeked at a dessert menu but it didn't have anything too exciting on it. A lot of fruit dishes and nothing cake-like. I would have preferred a chocolate cake or tiramisu. We skipped dessert altogether. Overall I was not too impressed. The prices are super high and not worth it as far as I am concerned. I was more impressed with the steak house at Circus Circus! Better food and better prices!!
5	I know there are a lot of restaurants in Vegas that might draw you in.. but if you are near the MGM.. you MUST eat at CraftSteak! I went recently with a friend who shares the same love of food as I do..we literally grilled our poor servers with questions like, "Okay, seriously..what should we get? Whats the best steak? Best potatoes? Whats your favorite"After careful consideration, this is what we ate(and if you go..I recommend it all):* I should also note that we shared it all.. including the steak..which was a good call since there were so many things on the menu that looked delicious)-Lobster Bisque-  really tasty.. not too salty.. nice pieces of lobster.. Creamy but not overly heavy.-Arugula salad- waiter recommended the heirloom tomatoes but since we live in California and get them all the time we chose this.  Good salad. nothing special but a nice way to break up the heaviness of.......-Domestic Wagyu skirt steak..  Amazing. perfectly cooked( we got it medium per the waiters recommendation.. the steak was so tender and marbled it helped keep it together and gave it a nice crust- still very pink inside) The steak had a light sprinkling of sea salt and came already sliced in a jus that was to.die.for.-potato puree- really.. dont even look at the other starch options. Just get this.. trust me it will be the best potatoes you've ever had.-Brentwood corn- I couldn't get enough of this! Someone else's review called it 'crack corn' and I totally agree.-Monkey Bread- Oh yes.. we saved room for dessert and this was worth every bite. In case your not familiar with Monkey Bread( which you can find in the frozen section of Ralphs/vons) Its basically..gooey bread covered with a buttery cinnamon-y caramel sauce.. kinda like a cinnamon roll with out the frosting.. but not really. hmmm..  its just good and you should get it! -As for drinks I had 2 glasses of wine.. which the sommelier will gladly pair with you meal.. and my friend had 2 cocktails. Total our bill was a little over 200.. Totally reasonable for a memorable meal like this.. plus we got a lot! The portions are generous and very sharable.- I would also note that the wine list was very extensive and well-rounded... everything from 1982 Chateau Margaux to a 40 dollar bottle of Mendoza malbec.. something for everyone!Service was excellent..ambiance was great..bathrooms were clean...Not pretentious but still classy and special..Hope you stop in and enjoy as much as we did!
5	Nothing wrong with this place. Classy. Great service. One of the best steaks ever eaten since man started cooking over fire. And I have been to some of the  best steakhouses. I had the hangar steak....perfection. All the side were outstanding.....must have the corn. The sides stood on their own. David Burke could learn a thing or two from this place.
5	Get the Wagyu Chef Menu. I brought 3 people with me to celebrate a birthday. I absolutely love this place. The ambience was perfect. The sampler of the various cuts was worth every penny. The meats were all soft and juicy. The vegetables sides were fresh and tasty. This was as perfect a place. The executive chef came from Wynn's Country Club, which is another awesome place to go as well if Craftsteak is booked.
4	I went here for my birthday and I was really happy I went here instead of STK.  The food was really really good!  I had the mussels for an appetizer and it was so good I had to refrain from eating all of it (it was a very large portion) otherwise I would have been too full for my steak.  I had the filet mignon and my bf had the tbone.  They were both cooked to perfection, so tender and juicy.  We ordered asparagus, carrots and potatoes au gratin for the sides.  The asparagus and the potatoes were so good and they give very good sized portions...I took off one star because I was not a fan of the carrots...me and my boyfriend ate one piece each and could not stomach another piece...pass on the carrots!  Other than that the food was great, so great I stuffed myself and had no room for dessert, which really bummed me out because I wanted to try their monkey bread (I heard it is yummy!)
3	First off, let me say that I am a HUGE fan of good steak and I REALLY wanted to love Craftsteak.  Although I love fine dining in general, my bucket list includes all of the great steak houses--Bern's, Gibson's, Peter Luger, etc. and I dragged my better half to Craftsteak (she's not much of a red meat eater) when we were last in Vegas. Despite what others have said, I actually really liked the atmosphere--casual and loud, with a great vibe throughout the room. We had one really odd experience in which one server introduced himself as part of a duo of servers that would help us, but we never saw him again and his partner did all the rest of the work for our table (I sure hope she got all of the tip!) That minor quibble aside, the service was excellent. The food was generally good, but I have to agree with other reviewers--for what I paid for the meal I expected something much better than Morton's or Ruth's Chris, and what I got was much more like those chains in terms of food quality, but at about twice the price tag. The hanger steak was fine, but it was not worth the nearly $100 I paid for it, especially given that all of the side dishes ran nearly $20 each. Overall, good food, but really not worth the expense given all of the other great choices for steak places in Vegas at more reasonable prices.
4	I don't know who this chef is, but one of the girls from the conference was raving about him and this steakhouse. I don't eat beef so I ordered a salmon entree while she had the 8 oz. flat iron steak. Another girl had their scallop appetizer and we all shared the Italian buffalo mozzarella, potato puree, and baby spinach side dishes.I have to admit that the potato puree was fantastic, especially when eaten with the garlic spinach. It was so smooth, creamy, and flavorful with a sprinkling of chives! The biffalo mozzarella was also delicious. The tapenade on top with hazelnuts complemented it well. My friend enjoyed her flat iron steak. She was in beef heaven! She also had a dark and stormy, which is some kind of cocktail with ginger beer. It reminded me of a moscow mule. My salmon dish was pretty good, but not spectacular. It was a pretty thick filet with a nice crust on a bed of swiss chard.For dessert, we had the cinnamon monkey bread. I was so full, but did have a bite of the ice cream with caramel sauce. While the ice cream was tasty, the sauce was way too sweet! I couldn't handle anymore and didn't even bother to eat the cinnamon bread, which was drenched in the caramel sauce.It's a very expensive restaurant with excellent service and a nice wine list. We were seated at a table that was perfect for people watching. My friends and I did notice the fairly large number of men that were there in groups. And they didn't look like bachelor party type guys either. They were older gentlemen in nice attire, drinking wine and enjoying their meat. Totally right up my friend's alley! I predict many outings to steakhouses in her future.
5	I had the 3 course meal here with 4 of my friends this weekend. What a pleasurable dining experience! I loved the decor of the steakhouse. As we walked through MGM, I was a little concerned we'd be facing the busy shopping area, but we ended up completely tucked away in the back of the restaurant.We all opted for the 3 course surf and turf tasting menu (the entire table has to do it), and the meal was fantastic! It started with soft bread, and then moved on to 3 or 4 different types of salad as well as prosciutto. The entree portion of the meal included 4 preparings of beef, 3 lobsters claws and tails in a butter sauce, and a number of delicious vegetable sides. I didn't end up eating a lot of the beef, but my friends raved over it. The sides were all fantastic! There were grits, asparagus, mushrooms, and corn. I tend to be more impressed when just as much effort is put into the side dishes, and these were all exceptional.Dessert was equally fantastic, with sherbet, monkey bread, chocolate souffle, and cheesecake. The monkey bread was by far my favorite!3 of my friends had the wine pairings, and I opted for a raspberry martini, which was incredibly smooth and fresh-tasting.It goes without saying you should expect to spend about $200 per person when tax and tip are including. The tasting menu was $160 per person, my martini was $15, and I spent $240 when all was said and done. Not something I do every day, but it was a very special and exceptional meal!
4	Went with 4 girlfriends this last weekend. Food was absolutely delicious and the service was great. One thing we learned was the portions were huge. 4 of us left ceasar salad on the plate for the 1st course. We all ordered different steaks for the main course. Two of us could have shared a steak - they were that big! The sides we had were all great: Grits, potatoes, spinach and mushrooms. The grits really stood out. We were too full for dessert.
5	My girlfriend and I were on vacation and wanted to treat ourselves to a fancy dinner. That is exactly what we did! The service was welcoming and helpful, they really made the experience that much better. The atmosphere was calm and relaxing. We both ordered the prefixed menu which had us nervous. They brought out four starters which was a meal itself. We giggled as we dived into each dish. After a short break the main coarse of a rare filet and a perfectly cooked pork chop arrived accompanied by creamy mashed potatoes, a variety of mushrooms, and sweet corn. Feeling very stuffed, we knew that dessert would still crawling its way to our table. Maybe it would be a scoop of ice cream or sorbet in mascarpone? Maybe monkey in bread in a caramel sauce? Oh, or maybe some fresh fruit to top off a massive meal? Well, I was sort of wrong. It was all of the desserts mentioned! Get their early and enjoy a cocktail or some wine and don't be in a rush. Enjoy the meal and atmosphere!
4	Craftsteak was really a great Steak House experience. I came here with 4 of my boys for our big dinner out during a bachelor party weekend. (There are plenty of other reviews covering our Shenanigans)At any rate they won me over from the start because they carry Hudson River Whiskeys' line of fine whiskeys including, the Baby Bourbon. That immediately got the night off to a great start! I started off with the Lobster Bisque which was excellent! One of the best I've had with a generous serving of Lobster. The bisque was prepared excellently. Then I got right down to business with my 20 oz Bone-In Ribeye with Blue Cheese. I ordred it medium-rare and it also was prepared excellently. The side dishes were excellent too; sauteed spinach, mushroom assortment, and ground grits with bacon. I paired my main course with a nice Willamette Pinot Noir.All in all, it was a great steak. I wasn't sure it was the best steak I've ever had, but with the amount of steak houses I've been to I'm not sure I can really tell anymore. The service definitely puts on par if not apart with the big boys like Morton's and Capital Grille. I throughly pleased and unlike the Big 4, it's not everywhere!It was a great dining experience, if you're in Vegas definitely check it out.
4	Bachelor party weekend 1st night kick-off dinner. Had Reservations for 5. They walked us all the way through and straight to the back. OH HELL NO!Corrected that real quick. Seated us in the main area...ahhhh that's better, nice ambiance.After all the partying up to that point and with a full night ahead, I didn't want to pass out late night so only ate a lil bit of food. Ordered a Cesar salad---just ok & Sea Diver Scallops---very tasty! I opted for wine this evening (again trying to pace myself) Riesling was delicious. Couple guys had steaks and sides. Some ordered Lobster bisque and shrimp cocktail another guy followed my lead and ordered a salad...With tip the bill was just over $300 so very reasonable for a high end steakhouse.Service was good but you know it wasn't special... (reminds me of a frat boy saying "yeah I $#%^@* her". I feel the same way about Craftsteak it's just a restaurant, what you see is what you get. But we did have a good time and enjoyed our meals so recommended without reservation yelpers!
3	We ordered the surf and turf and the sea scallops with spinach and mushroom assortment.  The scallops were cooked perfectly, the lobster was so so, and my steak was delicious.  Don't get me wrong, but the meal was missing a certain kind of pizazz.  I wish the lobster presentation was more on point, it was a little dry.
5	OMG a wonderful meal. Everything from siting at the bar for a cocktail before our table was ready and ordering the chef's special for 2 was wonderful. Very attentive and friendly service. From start to finish, we felt absolutely special.The ambience was so wonderful and romantic, even though being 2 we were seated next to another couple, but it did not matter.Another must visit and eat....
5	Only one word to describe. Epic.
4	We had a work celebration dinner here the other night and spent over $4,000 on the meal and cocktails for everyone.  I was lucky enough to try several things on the menu because it was served family style.  It is a very traditional steak house, with an impeccable attention to detail.  3 items that I will remember were the flat iron beef, which had a great flavor and perfect char.  Our potato puree was a great accompaniment.  Very rich and creamy.  For dessert, the sorbet was awesome.  All ice cream flavors were delicious and unique.  I would put this restaurant in my Top 10 Steakhouses for sure.  There were no famous TV chef sightings ;-)Property - 4 starsStaff - 5 starsAmbience - 4 starsFood - 4 starsPrice - 4 stars
5	Second day in Vegas. Over-sized margaritas and cold beer are keeping my mind sane and calm, so many colors, sparkles, beautiful women, shows, bright lights, moving objects with sounds. Like any other simple boy, I am a sucker for these things.Can not drive the convertible obviously, the fuzz in my head is remarkable. It almost feels like, I am listening to Arabic hip-hop and wandering around a desert, lost and hopeless. Get a cab or a camel and go for dinner. I desperately in need of  heavy protein intake. The cab line-up, reading the guide, saw a familiar name. Tom Colicchio. I like his TV personality, looks like a good guy. Don't think too much, hop on the good foot and do the bad thing. Here we go.The restaurant is just beautiful, modern and relaxed. Friendly in a very sleek way which is a perfect set up for a steakhouse. Steakhouses should not be intimidating. Sat at the bar, you know what, let's do beer tonight and straight from the bottle. All classics are on the menu. Most of the items are 3 ingredients only. Good sign, very good sign. Bread rolls; six of them are jumping out of a Lodge's square iron cast pan, reaching up like flowers to the sun, hot, sweet, delicious. Personal favorite; Kushi oysters, small, succulent and creamy. Salad of caesar -must at a steak house-, high in acidity, so fresh, so appropriately done. All the fuzz is gone, I am surprised that everything is flawless, or I am very drunk. Wouldn't know.18 oz, bone-in rib-eye, medium, just because you would like the middle fat cooked through, so it melts on your palate. I usually cut out the cap and eat it separately. That little bit is incredibly flavorsome, should be savored on its own I believe. There she comes, I watch her glide through the dining room on the arms of her handler - and thank god this time it is not a father-, I know she is mine, laying down as beautiful as can be on a oval copper pan, I can hear Etta James in the back of my mind, singing; ''At Last''.The char, the crust, the seasoning, the doneness, no stupid garnishes, no games, NO PRE-CARVING (thank god!) in the kitchen. It is the finest steak I have ever had in a restaurant. I am about to burst into tears, I am pretty sure I am not drunk... It is so good, so good, so, so good. As I was dealing with all the emotions, my enthusiasm attracts attention, couple seat over an indistinct chatter; '' I want whatever he is having''. Halfway through this experience I realized I had mashed-potatoes or the potato puree as a side. The word ''puree'' is not clicking with me for some reason, reminds me of baby food or something whipped heavily because it is not presentable on its natural form. Anyway one fork in, I stalled.When you go to culinary school, in most of the classes, smoothness, shapes, colors, uniformity are more pronounced by the instructors instead of the actual flavor factor. That is why cooks are more obsessed with the doneness and composition rather than the flavor I think. This potato dish was bursting with the sweetness of a properly made mash. It is not as creamy or silky and nor it should be as you would find in other fine food establishments, but extraordinary. The starch of the potato is cooked through so there is no residue on your palate, it swallows very clean. Seasoning is perfect, and I mean perfect. I am overwhelmed, I can not take it anymore. I can not go back to other mashed potatoes! My whole take of mash is changed with my first bite. I suspect if they used fingerlings, it tastes so. I forgot about the steak already.After that day, I have changed the way I make mashed potatoes. I started cooking them in skins, peel hot, add appropriate amount of butter until the tightness of the mash is almost gone and emulsify with hot milk, season. Cream, screw cream, not only it dilutes the potato flavor, but it gives a thick body to the puree. I think smooth substances should be lightened up with liquids with low-viscosity, so they loose that gunky palate feel.I step out, completely transformed, happy, satisfied. Now I need an 32 oz margarita to wind down. Hands down it was one of the best meals I have ever had. Thank you chef, this meal probably will be the only thing I remember clearly from a wild Vegas trip.Oh, and the Spearmint Rhino. It was awesome too.
3	As a fan of Tom Colicchio from Top Chef I really wanted to love this place.  Today's rating reflects the disappointment I felt. The rating is also based upon a comparison with comprable restaurants as Craftsteak would get five stars if I compared it to Sizzler. (sorry all you sizzler fans)I expected an overpriced steak house so the three rating is not a reflection of price so much as it is of value.  For instance, I have had 5 star experiences at Hank's and Delmonicos.From the moment I walked in, I was disappointed.  While I expected a somewhat less glitzy environment, I felt like I was in the Hofbrauhaus as the place was jam packed with tables, noisy and the decor seemed uninspired (cow paintings, really? And not very good ones either).  I have to give a shout out to the 5 star service we received.  The waitstaff was amazing.  Yet I found it disconcerting that the dining manager was out in the dining area discussing issues and business within four feet of the diners.We started with the diver sea scallop appetizer which was exactly as advertised and well prepared so I began to feel at ease.  The waiter suggests the scallops or the lobster bisque but we knew we could never finish two appetizers and our meal. The drinks, although pricy were creative and excellent as well.I ordered the rib eye and my dining partner ordered the surf and turf.  We ordered sides of mixed exotic mushrooms and grits with bacon.  The sides were excellent and the grits may well have been the best dish of the meal even if grits aren't your thing.The main course arrived and well I can only say I was overwhelmed by the size and underwhelmed by the taste.  The large 18 OZ ribeye looked so good in the metal pan that I couldn't wait to dig in.  But first I have to rewind.  I like my steak medium rare most of the time but I find good steakhouses tend to think rare = raw, medium rare = rare etc.  So I asked the waiter what the chef's medium rare was.  The waiter told me medium rare was red center, pink surrounding and medium rare was pink all the way through.  So I went with medium rare.  Unfortunately it came out red all the way through.  Im ok with that but I would have gone with medium had I known.   The steak was well seasoned but the meat was much tougher than I have had at other steak houses and the marbling was not rendered down enough causing a rough cut.The Lobster was nearly flavorless and chewy.  The filet was cooked medium but was actually medium rare so we enjoyed it but it too did not pack a punch.We looked at the desert menu but I was already disenchanted so I refrained.  My dining partner had the souffle which was not in the top 5 souffle's we have had, even at less distinguished establishments.So while the meal was above a chain and probably above most off strip places, it earns a 3 which according to Yelp means A-OK which satisfies my review standards.  4 would mean I was a fan which I am not and will not go back short of someone offering to pay for the meal which was pricey (2 people, 4 drinks, 1 app, 2 steaks and 2 sides nearly $400.00.  They do offer fixed price meals with choices which would have given us more food for only a little more money but we didn't finish what we had and were glad we didn't opt for the extra side and dessert.Bottom line, while this is a premium steak house there are many equal or better choices for the same price or less within 15 miles.  I could list about 10 off the top of my head if anyone wants to know.  I'll make a list if some of you readers ask.
5	Loved this place. I've been here 4 times and each time was just as amazing as the last. I'd suggest the lobster bisque for sure. And the lamb. It's even better than the steak (in my opinion). Also, don't miss the grits. I know, that seems like an odd thing to say, but they are one of the best side dishes. If they offer the price fixed menu, go for that. It's an incredible value and you'll have the opportunity to try 3 different salads, a main, and 3 different sides (all of which are on the regular menu). It's a nice way to splurge without going totally broke and you'll be more apt to try a side or a salad that you wouldn't otherwise go for at full price. Plus, the desserts are something special. I highly recommend putting this on your list of places to try.
5	Scrumptious from start to finish. Avocado salad, a beautiful rib eye, and assorted mushrooms was our order. We split everything between the two of us. We decided to go light, without starchy sides, because we were traveling and without a doubt would be full without a place to store & reheat leftovers. The meal and service was fantastic. Our waiter was clearly seasoned. I booked our reservation on line and was able to add a note that we were celebrating my hubby's birthday. They brought over a surprise vanilla bean panna cotta for him after dinner. Perfect light ending to our night. Can't wait to return. It's a new favorite. I also had to reschedule the reservation on the same day and they were very accomodating.
4	A great guy's night out dinner spot. Very expensive, prepare to PAY. Even compared to the other Crafts, this one stands out on price. Take note, the fries are huge! A great thing to share with the table.The grits were tasty.The sticky bun dessert was wonderful.
1	It took me a while to write this review because I really didn't know what to say.  This was one of the worst dining experiences I have had in some time.  First, the good:-the bread (free) is pretty cute, it comes out on it's own little pan/tray, stuck together like King's hawaiian rolls.The okay:-Green beans were average, some sliced almonds were added for crunch.-Spinach was average, cooked in garlic oil.-Warm frise salad, the bacon was good, the huge globs of uncooked egg were a bit strange though.  I enjoyed it overall because it was different from the usual type of salad.The bad:-Steak was well done, and we asked for medium rare.    -Service, there was consistently a group of waiters standing about 10 feet from us, but no one ever came by to check on us.  About 25 minutes after our steak came to our table, a woman, not our main server, came by and asked how our food was.  We explained that it was overcooked and she said, "oh."  She didn't offer to take it back and replace it, she didn't offer a discount or a freebie, she didn't offer a sorry.  I just don't think that a steak restaurant can offer bad steak.  Maybe because it's Vegas they just depend on one-time customers and not repeat business; I can say with confidence that I won't be back anytime soon.
3	We were fresh off of a Kitchen Nightmare's marathon, so my roommates and I decided to go give Gordan Ramsay Steak a try, however, they were all booked up. Now with a steak craving that required immediately fulfillment, we headed to Craftsteak.I'll start by saying the two best things were by far the waitstaff and the break. The waiters were friendly, attentive, and everything came out with perfect timing. The bread was presented adorably and was ridiculously delicious, I knew I had to save room for a big meal coming up, but I legitimately couldn't stop throwing down bread, but it kinda worked out, because there's a reason bread ranks on my top 2 things about Craft.We went with the Wagyu steak special w seafood for the 4 of us. The seafood dishes were okay, however I couldn't really get myself to eat them, just too odd for my taste(the oysters were ok, though). The steaks themselves were very average imo, and I found myself filling the remainder of my bread ridden belly with the mashed potatoes, which were also great. The other vegetables were pretty undercooked, but to be fair I typically like them extremely tender.Finally, dessert. This is something I have no complaints over. The monkey bread was literally the sweetest thing I have ever tasted, almost too rich to even keep eating(couldn't stop though, obviously). The chocolate souffle was very rich and delicious, however I only got a bite of that because of my chocolate crazy roommate who ate it within seconds. The blueberry cheesecake was probably near the best cheesecake's I've ever eaten, and the sorbets were very tasty as well. There was a 5th dessert but I'm blanking on what it was.It was a bit pricey for what we got, however a few things redeem this place to a 3 star for me.
4	Fantastic new york strip! They correctly cooked the steak to medium rare, not medium nor medium well. The side dishes could use a little work. The spinach and the asparagus were both over cooked, that being said, all the entrees and appetizers were delicious.
4	You honestly don't even need to read this review, but instead just know this: My experience at Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak was one of the best I've ever had: anywhere.Star 1: How was the service and atmosphere?Quick and knowledgeable, even though the place was absolutely packed on a Friday night. No complaints here. Star Granted.Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?This is tough, considering my party essentially ordered an all-you-can eat, four course feast. Can you put an acceptable price on all-you-can-eat dining of the highest quality? No, but Craftsteak decided it amounted to about $200 per person including drinks. That's high. Very high, but not only is this Vegas, but it's a restaurant inside a hotel, let alone the MGM. To be completely honest? I'm usually a sticker when it comes to overpriced luxury food, but this was so good that I can't complain. It's Vegas: treat yourself. Star Granted.Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?I will be the first to say that I have no appreciation whatsoever for fine dining, especially when it comes to steak, but this was some of the best food I've ever had. From the fantastic rolls to the appetizers ranging from peppers to prawns, the meal was made even better by the various cuts of meat and breathtaking dessert. Dual Stars Granted.Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?I would, without question, eat here every day if I could afford it, but I'll pump the breaks here just because, at the end of the day, you really are overpaying based on the atmosphere and the high price point set by Vegas dining. No Star Granted.
4	Came here for my birthday over Labor Day weekend with my husband and it was fantastic.  We didn't go all out with the course meals, instead we ordered filet mignon, new york strip, the mushroom assortment, and the potato puree.  Also got a bottle of wine to go with it.  Everything was good.  I ordered my filet medium rare.  Only the center was really medium rare, a good 3/4 inch around the edges were more medium to well done which I didn't like as much but it was very tasty.   I really liked the mushroom assortment - lot of butter but it was unique and I liked the different mushrooms they had.  The potato puree comes - it's literally a pot of mashed potatoes.  Fatty but delicious- the pot was quite big.Overall I liked it, and it was convenient as we were staying @ the Signature.
5	NOTHING will top a steakhouse experience like this one. In-credible. It's located in the MGM hotel.  Reservations are a must - don't try to badger your way in like the rude 6 guys we spotted on our visit. They were obnoxious to the hostess and then threw her under the bus when the GM arrived. Just be respectful and make reservations. You can order a la carte as with any steakhouse OR do as the best patrons do and do "Chef's Selection." You select how many courses you want, pay a set fee per head and relinquish all control to the chef. It is AMAZING. You don't know what you don't know and you don't get to choose...CHEF's SELECTION. :) Oh, and you have a staff of three catering to you. Everyone started out with Lobster Bisque. Staple starter.  We were blessed with 3 different salads, 2 Kobe beef steaks as entrees, 3 side dishes and 3 desserts.  Yes, it sounds like a ton of food but it's gourmet. This isn't southern cooking. Everything is small in portion size enough to share and it's supposed to be appreciated and savored. I can see what we ate but can't remember the names. Regardless - it was all AMAZING.  The desserts were outstanding. We had a bottle of chardonnay as well.  Bottom line, just do it. Let go of the control. Enjoy the ambiance. Enjoy the attention from a very polished staff across the board. The prices are not inexpensive but you TOTALLY get what you pay for and them some....it was an indescribable experience. Plus, my sweetheart put this whole experience together for me. I was in heaven!
5	Recommended this restaurant to my employee while she was visiting Vegas with family since I frequent Craft almost every time I'm in vegas over the last 10 years.  Brandon Loper, General Manager, runs a tip tip shop and hands down the best steak and seafood in Vegas!  Highly recommend them:)
5	If marquee is the place to find all the bachelorette parties, Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak at the MGM Grand is the place to find all the bachelor parties. This place is where people come to eat meat, as 90% of the patrons were men, and they all seemed to order the Chef's Beef Selection which was a 3 course meal with which made the table full of plates of different cuts of meats and sides.Tables are really big so its not really a place to come for an intimate dinner. Our pre-meal snack kept the dinner selections light, and selective by just ordering the essentials and leaving out the fluff. The meal began with cocktails and the most delicious dinner rolls served hot and fresh. I had to control myself from eating every single one of those slightly buttery/salty buns. Our first course was just a couple Kumamoto oysters which were light and fresh. A few minutes later our 18 oz. Ribeye Black Angus, Bone In and side of roasted corn arrived. The steak was cooked a delicious medium-rare and came pre-cut which made sharing much easier. The waiter said that the corn was in season and especially good and he was right, as it seem to be cooked in the steak's drippings, but i doubt it was.Our bill came out to about $100 along with two drinks, and i thought it was worth it.
3	Being married to a restaurant guy, a foodie myself, and of course a Top Chef fan, I was very excited to go to Craftsteak while I was in Veags this week. I had just dined at Michael Mina at the Bellagio the night before, and was on a food high. Unfortunately, that ended after my meal at Craftsteak....underwhelmed would be the best way to describe it.The restaurant is huge, with very little intimate dining space. While I was not on a date, or with my husband, it still made it difficult to chat with the friend I was with. The service was fine, attentive, but every now and then a different server would come by and offer the same thing we had just declined from our own server. Like a car dealerhsip, I felt like they wanted to get a sale so badly that they sent in the closer. Or, they just didn't listen to each other, either way, it was awkward. It was also a little wierd having the server's stand right in the middle of the room. While I was not facing that way, I could still hear all their chatter and the clanking of plates and glassware.The menu is appropraite for the concept, sides are family style, and there are multiple tasting menu choices based on the style of entree you chose. But beware, they start at $119 for a Angus Filet, altho it is supposed to come with multiple sides. We opted for ala carte.I started with the Waygu Tartare. It was good, but not great. In some restaurants they mix the egg in for you, but not here, and because it was in a bowl with crostini's all the way around, mixing was difficult. They also gave me a spoon, rather than a fork. Not optimal for dealing with the dish.Then, since I couldn't make up my mind, I ordered the Surf 'n Turf, cooked mid-rare to medium, and 2 sides; the mixed mushrooms and the white corn grits. The sides were fine, but nothing to get excited about. While they were good sizes had I been sharing, they were a bit big for one person (my freind wanted something else). As for my entree, the filet was cooked to perfection! It was just the right temperature, and my knife cut throught it like butter. On the other hand, the lobster tail was the worst thing I had ever tasted! It was so dried out, I didn't even recognize the texture, absolutely flavorless, and it wasn't served with any clarified butter, which might have helped. Not to mention that it was almost cold. I left it on the plate, and was never even asked about it. We declined dessert.So, as you can see, our experience was okay, just not great. For the price I paid, underwhelmed is not what I was looking for. I paid the same price for the Chef's Tasting menu (with pairings) the night before at Michael Mina and that was amazing, even tho it was slightly less food, it definately left you fulfilled. I would not go back to Craftsteak, and wished that I had spent some of the cost of dinner actually gambling. At least there is a chance of winning that way.
5	My first visit to Craftsteak was two years ago during restaurant week. I left underwhelmed and didn't think I'd be back. But, I returned recently and the experience was so good that I came back for a third visit a couple weeks later. On my two most recent visits I dined in their lounge where the service was impeccable, the atmosphere was relaxed, and the food flawless.If you go to Craftsteak splurge for their domestic wagyu at the very least (they also have Australian Wagyu and recently received real wagyu from Japan). The wagyu skirt steak (14 oz) will give you a new appreciation for that cut of beef. It's so tender that you can cut it with a butter knife. It has the tenderness of a filet with the flavor of a rib eye.Other items that shouldn't be missed include their sweet corn, potato puree, and roasted baby beets. The sea scallops and 24 hour short rib are also amazing. The real showstopper (besides the skirt steak) is the cinnamon monkey bread. I've heard others rave about it and now I know why. It's like the most delicious bread pudding you can have that has been topped with a sinfully sweet pecan toffee accompanied by brown sugar sour cream ice cream.After two amazing meals this place is back up there with my other favorite steakhouses. Yeah, it's pricey, but it's in line with pricing at similar spots around town.
3	Craftsteak in the MGM was a great last minute find during the iheart music concert. We arrived a few minutes early for our dinner but was seated around 15min later. I found the menu options a bit confusing with the Chef's Beef Selection Three Course Menus option. It turned out to be cheaper for everyone to order alacarte and get the beef of their choice. The food was prepared as ordered. The ribeye and salad was great.
5	Because there are so many top-notch steakhouses to choose from, I take my steak experience very seriously in Vegas. I read a ton of Yelps about where to get the best steak in Vegas, and I'm pretty sure I made the right choice.I am a fan of grass-fed, so I started my research looking for a steakhouse that offered grass-fed beef. I was surprised how few there were. This website is super-helpful for discerning the different types of steak offered in vegas: http://www.vegasmadeeasy.com/dining/steakhouses/81-steaks. I had no idea there were so many choices.At any rate, I narrowed my choices down to those that serve wagyu, and Craftsteak supposedly does it best. It's hard to say this was the best steak I've ever had because comparing regular beef steaks to a wagyu steak is like comparing apples and oranges.The menu has traditional beef steaks, domestic wagyu, and austrailian wagyu. I understand that from time to time, they do have grass-fed on the menu. I ordered the domestic wagyu skirt steak ($69) and my husband ordered a traditional strip steak ($55). We wanted to be able to compare the two. Both portion sizes were generous. Mine was 14 oz. and I think the hubs' was 16 oz.  Skirt steak is generally a very lean cut, and I don't think I've ever seen it offered as a "steak" entree, but wagyu is different. Unlike regular steak, the fat of wagyu is tiny flecks marbled throughout the cut, which allows leaner cuts that are generally cooked other ways to work as a grilled steak entree when it's waygu.The wagyu steak comes already cut into strips, which I thought was odd. But it didn't seem to negatively affect the juiciness of the meat. Both of us ordered ours medium rare. The were perfectly cooked. Because i was curious, I asked the waiter how they can make them well done, or even medium well, given the composition of the fat in the meat, and he said they do infact make them that way when someone orders them, and because it is a thin cut of meat, it only takes a few minutes to get it to medium well and the fat doesn't have time to render out much.The wagyu steak was so tender that you could lay you knife on it sharp side down, and the weight of the knife would cut the steak. It was uniformly juicy, almost bordering on greasy, but certainly not in a bad way. It was hard to describe, but unbelievably delicious.There was a cheaper offering on the domestic wagyu menu, I think around $61, and two more expensive ones, I think the NY Strip was around $100 and the filet around $115. The Austrialian wagyu was well over $100 for the cheapest cut.Craftsteak offers complimentary bread, which is good, but don't waste your stomach space on it. We split a side dish of the grilled corn, and it was amazing; better than you'd expect. We also go the wagyu tartare appetizer. It was fantastic, but again, I didn't have anything to compare it to, since I've never had wagyu beef or steak tartare before. It came with a quail egg on top and was served with toasted crostini.Our bill was just south of $200. We had an appetizer, a shared side dish, two steaks, and my husband had two beers and I had a glass of wine. Our meal was well worth the cost, and I'd go there again in a heart beat. If you're a steak person, definitely splurge on the wagyu beef.
1	craft steakhouse does not make the cutUpon entering we were looking forward to a great dining experience. Like all fine dining restaurants, it begins with service and Craftsteak fails miserably. After being seated and looking over the wine list, we decided against ordering wine. The head waiter returned and found out that we would not be ordering wine and the average service went okay to terrible. He took the orders and NEVER returned until the check was dropped off. We were treated disrespectfully because we were not willing to purchase a $100 bottle of wine to increase his tip. The food was quite average as well. The meats were prepared nicely, however, the sides and salads were very below average. The fingerling potatoes and green beans were something that I can do better at home. We have dined at many celebrity chef restaurants in Las Vegas and this one certainly doesn't make the cut!!!
1	My family and I decided to take a walk down the strip, leaving beautiful Paris for the lousy mall attached to MGM Grand. We were delighted to read such positive yelp reviews of Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak. What a mistake! These clowns are rude and crude. If you don't plan on ordering overpriced wine prepare to be treated bad. The food was meh.
5	If I were going to take the President of the United States out to dinner, this is where I would go.  I've been to Craftsteak a good dozen times and nothing ever goes wrong!  It's phenomenal.  In my other reviews, when I talk about places in Vegas that really *are* outstanding for the high price tag, this is the one I am thinking of above all others. Got a major deal to close?  Proposing to your best girl? Trying to impress a client?  Craftsteak.  Bam!  Problem solved
4	Still one of my favorites for steaks in Las Vegas.  Though the menu is on the pricier side, they have some of the best steaks you will find in Vegas.  Their kobe beef cuts are excellent and their filet mignon is always tender.  If you are eating with a group of people who are really hungy their kobe beef tasting menu is a great value and worth the experience.
1	I took my daughter and sister here for dinner looking for fine dining and to celebrate my daughters 21st birthday. First thing that caught my eye was that we seemed to be the only ones dressed really nice everyone else was wearing shorts, tank tops and baseball hats. We all order Steak and a side dish, after the long wait we finally received our side dishes we scarfed those down because of the long wait we all hadn't  eaten anything all day, now wondering where is our steaks?finally they came, they were cold and so raw ( we ordered them to be Medium) that blood was seeping out of them. I asked the waiter to take them back and he did and took them off our bill but instead of cooking us another meal the manager decide to give us one of every desert they have, our table was filled with deserts so after having a meal consisting of only sugar and starch we left feeling sick with a headache. I will never return.
2	In three words. Not Worth It. The place is way over priced for the cold food that you are served. My wife had the filet which was not hot and lacked flavor. I had the waygu skirt. It had flavor but came out cold as well. Diver scallops, taste good, also cold. Best part of the way over priced dinner was the oysters which are pretty hard to screw up. Service was Ok. I will not be recommending this place or will I be back. My advice is get out the hotel and of the strip to find better restaurants.
4	Best Lobster Bisque I've ever had, by far. I don't get excited about food often, but this soup is amazing. Deep bowl with giant nugs of delicious lobster.Other food is great as well... typical high class steak/seafood joint in vegas.Only reason I didn't mark 5 stars is the price, but it's Vegas so no surprises there...
4	Overall, this was a fantastic experience. We had reservations for 6:30 and arrived about 25 minutes early. They got us in promptly with no issues. The hostess was extremely nice. Our waitress arrived shortly after we were seated and was exceedingly pleasant along with the rest of the staff who served us.My date and I each got the three course Angus Chef's special (a little pricey at $119/person, but not ludicrous for this type of place). The meal choice was the best thing we could have done. Each course was a surprise of 4-5 dishes, all of which were delicious. Our cuts of T-bone and Rib eye steak were tender and seasoned to perfection. The cuts of wagyu beef are supposedly better, but it's hard to imagine the extra cost being worth it with how tasty our meals were. By the time our four dessert samples arrived, we were pretty full; however, we manged to try everything. Make sure you save room. It's worth it.My only qualms about our dinner was it took longer than it should have to get our drinks and a long time to get our final check. Otherwise, I'd rate this 5 stars. If you're looking for a fancy dinner with lots of food options, check this place out.
5	I think I've officially found my favorite steak house in Vegas.  So I was in town for my 20 year H.S. reunion (am I really getting that old???) and as usual, I always hit at least one steak place on each trip.  I've tried n9ne, Brand steak house, Carnevino, and Cut, but boy am I glad I went to Craftsteak this time around.  Made reservations and showed up right on time.  Sat at bar for a bit while they got our table ready, no biggie.  We were seated promptly and while we were checking out the menu, they brought out some piping hot, fresh bread for the table.  The bread was outstanding!   So light and fluffy, just the right sprinkling of salt on top and with just  a touch of butter, I knew I was in for a great night.  Between the 3 of us, we ordered the Lobster Bisque, Hanger steak, Kobe Skirt steak, and the braised short ribs.  We also ordered the fingerling potatoes, corn, and potato gratin.  I love when a server makes recommendations and he kindly recommended the potato puree instead of the gratin.  I wasn't married to the gratin, so upon his recommendation, we went that route.  The food.....glorious food.  The lobster bisque was quite simply one of, if not the best I've had.  Not too bold tasting, just right and silky smooth.  It also comes with like 3 ounces of lobster meat.  Can you say lobster in every bite?  Fantastic start.When the steaks showed up, everything was cooked perfectly.  Now I've never gone to a steak place and ordered any other steak than Ribeye.  I tried the Kobe skirt only because it's a house specialty.  It did not disappoint.  It was amazingly tender, rich beef flavor, and all around a fantastic steak.  I was extremely happy with my choice.  My friend had the short ribs which were also amazingly tender and full of flavor.  His wife had the hanger steak and I was surprised at how tender it was.  All of the beef was excellent.  The sides as well were great.  The corn was very sweet and crisp, not over done.  The fingerling potatoes were nice and hot, perfectly seasoned, and had a nice texture with the skin still on.  As for the server's recommendation for the potato puree.......perfect!   So smooth, rich, and buttery.  All in all, it was an amazing meal leaving none of us wanting anything different.  I will definitely be back.
4	Food/table service: 5 starsBar service: 0 starsWe loved this place so much on the last trip, we had to go back!  The visit started shaky... seems like reservation or not, you're waiting for a table every time.  So we finally found a seat at the bar.  Omg... bartender wasn't friendly at all. and soooo impatient.  when he decided to grace us with his presence, i had a question about a drink. nope... he just threw a drink menu at me and moved on to other people.  no, they were not THAT busy.  came back and it was the same thing... if you don't have an immediate drink, he was rude.  the people behind us said the same thing.  oh, and the drink he made sucked.ok, moving on to the table things got so much better.  the waiters are really really great.  really, service was perfect.  super helpful, very friendly, incredibly professional.  and the food.  ooohhhh the food!!! we did the full wagyu experience - apps, salads, steak, dessert... the works.  perfect. all of it.  steaks were cooked and seasoned to perfection.  ribeye was my favorite, the bf loved the new york.  green beans were our fav of the sides, and we went nuts for the frisee salad. could have eaten that all night. dessert, you MUST try the monkey bread. i don't care how full you think you are... order it!!! it's life-altering kind of good.  wine was also excellent - the waiter made a great selection for me.yes, we'll totally be back. next time, we'll just skip the bar.
4	It pains me to write this, but Craftsteak was a letdown. Or, rather, the steak was a letdown, and, at that price, a letdown feels pretty devastating. Everything but the steak, though, was great. The decor was hip and elegant and comfortable. The service was impeccable.  The corn was the best we've ever had--it was an actual revelation. Ditto the fruit and monkeybread.But you don't got to Craftsteak for corn or fruit or monkeybread. You go for steak, and our steaks (domestic Wagyu) were overcooked, and not particularly flavorful.  I've had better, several times, and for far less money. So, if I had to do it again, here's what I would do differently:No Wagyu.No tasting menu. Two tasting menus for two people = an obscene amount of food. One appetizer or salad, one or two sides, and two entrees would be a much better proposition.
3	I have absolutely no problem spending good money on a really good meal. Our bill (for my husband and myself) was over $300 and it was mediocre at best. My husband can cook better.We ordered the steak tasting (we chose domestic waygu). You get a ton of food. The side dishes were great, the lobster bisque was perfect and the bread was outstanding. But I expected the steak to be the frontrunner. Not so much. It wasn't tender and there just wasn't anything special about it. I was really disappointed. The desserts they brought out were fabulous, the monkey bread was to die for. The whole meal just wasn't worth the money. Period. I have paid over $400 for a meal before in Lake Tahoe and it was outstanding. This wasn't. I won't go back and I wouldn't recommend it.
2	Although I read yelp reviews frequently, my experience at this restaurant last night compelled me to write my first review right now from my hotel room. Unfortunately, it's a negative one.My boyfriend and I agreed to meet some of my family members last night and have dinner at Craftsteak (his first night ever in Vegas!)... The commute from the airport was much faster than we expected and we were all hungry. I called the restaurant to see if we could move our reservations up early (reservations were in 50 minutes) and the hostess said they could seat us now. When we checked in with Jessica in person, she told us it would be "just a moment." Fifteen minutes later, I came up to her again and reminded her that I had called and asked if we should just come back at our scheduled time and again she replied with "we're setting up the table now, it'll be just a moment" and gave me a fake smile. Ten minutes later we were finally seated. They definitely should have a hostess better at communicating. And if they couldn't seat us early, they should have just told us when I called. We ended up trying their kumomoto oysters, tartar, domestic wagyu filet mignon, salmon, lamb chops and scallops. For sides we had the corn, mushroom assortment, broccoli and asparagus. The oysters didn't taste fresh, and I tasted sand in one. I have had better tartar in Oklahoma. The scallops were overcooked as were the asparagus and mushrooms. The filet mignon did not even compare to the wagyu I had at a different restaurant in Vegas. Nothing was memorable. Positives -- our waitress was wonderful. The only dish we liked was the corn and she had recommended it. With so many amazing restaurants in Vegas, pick a different one.
1	Under normal circumstances, I am against reviewing if you didn't dine. However, making me wait 30 minutes (with a reservation mind you) is not acceptable in my book. Telling me you're checking on my table only to never come back and disappear? Strike 2. Unprofessional and totally unexpected for a restaurant of four dollar signs. No worries, I know how to play the disappearing act as well. Maybe you'll get your $$$$hit together and make it up to me one day.
3	Craftsteak in the MGM was a great last minute find during the iheart music concert. We arrived a few minutes early for our dinner but was seated around 15min later. I found the menu options a bit confusing with the Chef's Beef Selection Three Course Menus option. It turned out to be cheaper for everyone to order alacarte and get the beef of their choice. The food was prepared as ordered. The ribeye and salad was great. My biggest concern was the 2.5hrs it took to complete a salad, main entree and dessert meal.
3	When we called to make a reservation at this steakhouse, we had to accept a time 15 minutes later than our requested time.  We didn't mind, but when we got there at our reservation time, we had to wait another 30 minutes for a table.  I understand that we were in Vegas and at a popular restaurant, but why bother to make a reservation at all?Once we got seated, it took more than 10 minutes for our server to arrive.  It seemed like he wanted to be somewhere else - he never smiled, never came back to see if we were happy with our food, and never asked if we wanted to refill our drinks.That being said, we all agreed the meal itself was quite good.  They begin by bringing a small "loaf" of tiny buns sprinkled with sea salt.  I didn't have any, but it must have been good because my two dining companions had the busboy bring us a second serving.  For dinner, I had the tuna but asked for it to be cooked, not just seared. It was really good, but I still could have been cooked longer for my taste.  My friends had the short ribs and the salmon, and both loved their meals. I highly recommend the food here, but the disorganization and bad service may not make up for the meal.
3	The food here is high quality. Our favorite thing surprisingly wasn't the steak, but the scallops. The outside was seared to perfection, while the inside was nice and tender.  They also have delicious mussels, bathing in a yummy broth.  One issue we had was initially they sat us at a table right in the front, completely exposing us to the drunks walking around the hotel. This might appeal to some; however my husband and I were looking to enjoy a romantic evening alone. We asked to move and thankfully got seated in a more secluded location, providing the intimate experience we sought.  The service was a little on the weak side. Much of the time we were waiting on our server instead of him waiting on us.  I don't know that we'd return, but we had a nice time.
4	Made RSVP using open table, thinking we would get a decent table. We were placed right next to the bar, it was loud and a bit crowded. Our waitress was really nice, she took attention to answer all questions we had. For our first course, My hubby had the lobster bisque and i had spinach salad.  portions were pretty big, we should have shared the salad.  Main course, he had  NY strip and I had filet mignon. He said his steak was good. Mine was good, cooked to my liking Shared green beans and fingerling potatoes. They were really good. We left stuffed, was bummed didn't get dessert. Oh and side note, I loved that the waitress made my meal dairy free when I told her I was lactose intolerant.  Overall, It was a great experience. The restaurant itself was not what I expected and we felt a bit overdressed but in Vegas no one cared.
5	Great expensive steak. Place was so pretty and the service was great. The steak was good. MUST GET CORN, Mash potatoes and the lobster soup! Definitely try it if you have the money ;)
5	Top notch. Went on my anniversary and just mentioned it to the hostess . They put us I a great booth very large for just two people. The service was the most professional in Vegas. The rib eye is the best on the Strip. We were given a dessert because it was out anniversary. Going to Craftsteak is a must for anyone staying near the MGM Grand. This was my fifth time there and I am more impressed every time.
5	This was hands down the best dining experience of my life. I'm a certified foodie and have loved watching Tom Collichio as a Top Chef judge.  When my friend and I found out our conference was in Las Vegas, we knew we had to go to Tom's restaurant.  Our experience was divine from the moment we arrived.  The waitstaff was attentive and friendly.  The atmosphere was calm yet you didn't feel as if you had to whisper.  We choose the Waygu beef chef's tasting menu and every single item was decadently delicious.  Our favorite items were the skirt steak with cipollini onions and red wine reduction, the creamy grits with pancetta, gorganzolla and onions, and the assortment of roasted mushrooms.  We'd never heard of "hen of the woods" mushrooms, yet it now my new favorite mushroom.  It was a perfect dining experience.
4	Great food, decent service, and downer of ambiance is the only way of describing Craftsteak. Almost everything we ordered was amazing. The mood of the restaurant was a downer on the night that we went. No subtle mood music, in fact, I was more aware of the staffs conversations then what was going on with my party.Onto the positives! The Kumamoto oysters are ordered individually and were delicious. They come with the traditional mignonette, horseradish, lemon, and cocktail sauce. The steak tartare is a staple for my group now. We are trying to find the best in Vegas. Tom Colicchio has a solid one, but not the best. The flavor components are sound, but something more impressive than a plain crostini is needed. The stand out appetizer was the warm friscee salad with blue cheese vin and a poached egg. All very simple ingredients that combine to make magic. Once the salad is tossed and the egg broken, it adds another dimension to the dish. I have never been more dissatisfied with dining family style. I wanted it all to myself.Moving on to the 8oz of Australian wagyu. It is seriously butter. It melts in your mouth and makes you go limp. At a hefty price tag, it is still worth it. The filet and New York strip were delicious, but pale in comparison to the wagyu. The rack of lamb comes in four pieces and marbled to perfection. No need for forks and knives, they are to be treated as lollipops once my party got to them. The diver scallops are tender and the fennel salad compliments them so well. The yukon gold mashed potato is what everyone raves about. Are they good? Hell yes, please keep dishing it out. The assorted mushrooms are rather dreamy as well. The Maui onions could keep on coming.  The one downer were the grits. They sounded awesome but fell short. All in all with two bottles of wine and split between 5 it still comes out to a hefty price tag. It is just hard to put too much emphasis on money when the food is of this standard.
5	There's not much else that can probably be said about this place.The food is amazing - you can tell that attention has been paid in selecting every ingredient.  Skip the rolls.  They look great in the photos and in person, but there's nothing special about them. We opted for the tasting menu for two - one with the wine pairing.  Typical wine pairings offer one glass with each course.  I cannot remember how many times they brought refills in the same course!  With the tasting menu we each had a cup of lobster bisque, three salads, two cuts of steak, three sides (one starch, two veg) and four desserts!  Entirely too much food - not complaining, but even coming in fairly hungry, we still didn't put a dent in half of it!The two standouts of this meal? The pistachio gelatto and peach sorbet pairing and the service.  (Don't get me wrong, the lobster bisque, salads, meats and sides were phenomenal!!  Oh and I can't forget the FOUR desserts we were given!!)  But we literally sat here for almost 5 hours eating, talking and drinking and the only thing we finished were our drinks and the gelatto/sorbet!
1	Should have gone to Outback.  I have no problem paying $400 for a dinner for two.  What I do have a problem with is spending $400 for a dinner for two when the food is okay at best and service is aweful.  The food was bland and reminded me of the food from Ruth Chris.  Not what I would expect!We got rude comments from both bartenders and a dirty look from our waiter.  Apparently if you don't look like you have money (i.e. under the age of 30), you will be treated like crap.I suggested this place to my mother a year ago when she was unable to get reservations at her perfered restaurant.  When I begged for details all I could get out of her was, "it was good."  I should have taken this as a hint.  Will never revisit!
5	One of the great dinners I have had in Las Vegas. Had the Kobe steak surf and turf which was exquisite.Definitely expensive but worth it for a special experience.
5	The best meal of my life was eaten here. Was with a group of 5, and we shared whatever meal for 3-4 people they had. There was more than enough food for us to spilt. Luscious, deliciously, perfectly cooked steak. Tasty side dishes. Can't wait to go back.
1	This was one of the worst steak restaurants I've ever eaten at.  I will explain my steak the ribeye was so fatty and chewy that is enough said.  It really is bad when the best part of my meal was the rolls and mushrooms.  My potatoes were like rocks so unbelievably hard to chew.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.  I did have good service I sat at the bar.
4	Tried the Wagyu Beef Chef's Menu, paired with wines.  Very tasty and more than abundant food.  My one regret is that we didn't get to try the desserts at our leisure.  We ran into a time crunch to attend our show and had to pack out our sweet treats for late that night.  Overall a good steak house with high quality food.
1	Just came from having dinner here, and I've got to say, for $110 meal that included only 1 beer and no dessert, I was not impressed.After reading some of the other reviews, I chose the surf and turf with scallops as the turf option.  IMHO, the scallops were overdone and rubbery.  The steak was a nice texture and done correctly, but didn't even have the fundamentals of seasoning even vaguely noticeable.  It was utterly tasteless.So, my apologies to all of you that have had good experiences here....it just didn't live up to the reviews or my expectations.
5	Steak tasting menu! I've been to several restaurants who offer a chef's tasting menu and this was unique!From appetizers to dessert, one word covers it: YUM!  The side dishes were very noteworthy as well. Particularly a corn which was carmelized so perfectly, it could have passed for a dessert!  Speaking of dessert, the choices were nice, but I would rather eat a few more of the AMAZING dinner rolls. Pricey is a matter of opinion.  You dont eat a meal like this often so go ahead, splurge on the tasting menu. It's the best value on the menu and you won't be let down!
4	A friend made reservations at Craftsteak for our group of seven and, after reading some of the reviews on Yelp, I was a little worried. Well, let me say that all of my concerns were unfounded. We were seated promptly, and the service was first rate. Our waiter was wonderful, and tended to our every need quickly and fully. We all ordered the 3 course Angus Beef dinner, and it was spectacular. The variety and quality of appetizers, side dishes, and deserts was awesome. The beef was mouth watering, and cooked to perfection. This dinner is not cheap (with wine and/or cocktails, about $200 to $250 per person), but worth it for a once a year special evening.
1	Definitely the most overrated restaurant i've ever been to.  Service was below par, steak was terrible(i got what was supposed to be the most popular) and the mussels smelled like tuna fish. Terrible all the way around.
3	Service was great the waiter was very patient with my indecisiveness prior to ordering. We had 2 waiters and a server catering to us that night. The decor was confusing, I actually pulled up a description of it while we were in the restaurant. We thought it was messy and not well thought out. However, I did enjoy the cow paintings on the walls.Food wise...we left unsatisfied. I expected more from TC's restaurant. Maybe we ordered the wrong items that night, but even the steak was nothing memorable. Ordered:- Seafood sampler -- The best thing we ordered. Fresh, various items to sample and delicious.- Surf & Turf - Steak was lame. I eat steak often enough and that was lame. My cousin said the scallops were delicious.- Risotto - Bland. There was no flavor. - Steak tar tar - Or something. This was good.- Monkey bread with Ice cream - too sweet and no other flavors.- Red Wine - I don't remember what we ordered, but it was a great choice. I was disappointed since TC is very proud of his work when we see him on shows. Either his chefs were off their game, or this place is overrated.
3	The food is delicious as it should be at this price point and the chocolate soufle was hands down the best I have ever ever ever tasted! The atmosphere is "diner" and the attitude of the service staff is deplorable, sorry but they are a bit rude. I would still come back, however...maybe
5	My last night in Vegas and after a week of attending a conference for work, I decided I'd earned a nice meal.  I'm a fan of Top Chef and had been wanting to try Tom Colicchio's restaurant for a while, so I was happy to see that I was able to get an early reservation with no problem.Since I was flying solo that night, I decided to just sit at the bar rather than a table.  The bartender was very attentive and helpful when I had trouble deciding on which beer to order.  For my meal, I had a craving for both steak and scallops.  Unfortunately the only combo they offered with these two had a filet for the steak choice, but I was in more of a rib-eye mood that evening.  Not to fear though, as the bartender pointed me towards a scallops appetizer which paired nicely with my steak.I ended up ordering the following, all of which were fantastic:- Lobster Bisque - Rich, creamy goodness.  I've had some good lobster bisque in my days, but this was damn near amazing.  Well worth the calories.- Scallops - Ordered from the appetizer menu, this included 4 delicious scallops that was a perfect compliment to my steak - Rib-eye - Ordered medium rare, it was grilled to perfection with just he right amount of marbling. I was too full to even think about dessert, so I can't comment on that.  The above order plus a couple beers came out to about $125.  For one of the better meals I've had, it was well worth the price.  I'd definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Hubby and I wanted a yummy bite to eat before seeing Ka at the MGM Grand - well this was definitely the place to go.  We have been fans of Tom Colicchio for years and have always wanted to eat at one of his restaurants and we were dying to eat here.  Only problem?  We had about 30 minutes to drink, eat and run to make our show in time.  Our waitress was up to the challenge...She recommended a few items that she knew could come out quickly -  Wagyu Tartar, potato puree and the short rib.Our martini's came out and were delish as was the Wagyu tartar.  They then brought out this piping hot set of dinner rolls with a beautiful salted top and fresh butter.  It was like crack -- hot, delish with the melted butter.  I'd like some now, please.She then brought out the mashed potatoes and the shortribs, which were fall off the bone perfect.  Their sauce was amazing and complimented the buttery mashed potatoes.  Those potatoes were so good, I wanted to slather them all over myself when I tasted them but then thought I'd really ruin the pretty dress I had on...  To say they were buttered would be an understatement -- they are probably close to 50% butter to potato ratio but they were well worth blowing the diet.We got out of there extremely satisfied and in under 30 minutes.  I've already got my eyes set on another trip to Vegas in early 2013 and I'm going to make sure we get a full, unrushed dinner here.
5	What an outstanding experience. The service is attentive and professional without being suffocating. Ordered the domestic wagyu filet and it was cooked perfectly. The lobster bisque was loaded with lobster and the cream broth was silky smooth. It will be an expensive evening but well worth it.
5	Craftsteak is fantastic if not the best steakhouse in Las Vegas. The food, service and ambiance are amazing. I planned on asking my now fiance to marry me at dinner and the mananger Jim and his staff aided me in every way and made the proposal perfect! Before moving to Las Vegas, we visited 5 years ago and this was the first restaurant we ate at. Unfortunately, it spoiled us because we havent been able to find a better restaurant on or off the strip... The menu is laid out to make it extremely easy to order what you want (which could be anything.. Its all good!). The servers and staff are extremely proffesional and know the menus (both food and drink) with ease. If you are visiting and want an exceptional dinner, Craftsteak is the place!
5	I was driving down Las Vegas Blvd and was thinking to myself "craftsteak or Outback, Craftsteak or Outback" and i couldnt decide, so i flipped a coin, heads for Craftsteak and tails for Outback. Landed on Heads!Wasnt able to find menu prices on line, so here's the rundown. Steaks range from about 36 bucks (10 oz hanger) to 56 for a 10 oz filet mignon. You can also purchase steaks for hundreds of dollars that are imported from Japan (or something like that) but i stuck with the 'cheaper' steak, which didnt let me down.The Check for 2 people came to 168 (before tip)  and this included: 2 steaks, one cocktail, one diet coke, mashed potato side, frisee (?) salad and a side order of mushrooms (the most expensive one which was 24 bucks, it was a samping). There was no room for dessert at the end, certainly enough food.They serve this INCREDIBLE bread before the meal, its so good you dont really even need butter.....so, if you order a bunch of food, beware that this very tempting bread is going to come out, you might want to keep this in mind before ordering a ton of food you might not be able to finish. If i had known this bread was coming out, i might have skipped either the mushrooms or the potatoes.The service was pretty good and everyone was very friendly and a manager (i think) came by the table at the end and asked if we enjoyed our meal and he really thanked us for coming by and dining with them.Looking forward to going back!
5	This restaurant is everything you would expect from a world-class chef.  We went for my sister-in-law's birthday and everything about it was wonderful.  I don't drink, but the bartender was still able to bring me a fancy and delicious "mocktail".  We were seated in the main dining room and our wait staff was superb.A few highlights:Steak Tartar appetizerBraised shortribs (make sure to pour the sauce from the dish over the meat)Peanut butter mousse dessertI could seriously write paragraph after paragraph describing each dish and how delicious it was, but you need to go and try it.  I can't wait to go back!
4	This was my second visit to Craftsteak, my first visit being one of the top meals of my life at the time.  Maybe my expectations were a little too high because of that, but I didn't feel it was as spectacular as the last time.  However, it was still very very very good and I would go back again.  We did the Kobe Surf and Turf tasting menu which at $160 a person ain't a cheap date, but the selection and variety was amazing and we left pleasantly stuffed.  We had 3 types of salad and a shrimp cocktail, 3 types of steak, asparagus, the most delicious buttery mashed potatoes, scallops, and lobster, and a litany of delicious desserts. The service at Craftsteak is wonderful... even though you have a total of 4 people serving you, everyone was very attentive and were playful and not stuffy when they realized we were a laidback casual group.  I really enjoyed my meal but after 2 drinks per person and some very good french press coffee, with tip it was $240 per person, and for that amount, I want my mind to be blown.
4	Tom, this was a hard decision to make. You left me at a 3.5 but since yelp saved you with a 4. Meat? Delicious. We both had the American wagyu to celebrate and my god, that skirt was the best compromise of quality and price ever. Fantastic at every bite, you could feel the marbled fat melt into tender, buttery meat. Foodgasm that brough silence to the table. The ribeye (which was double the price) was delicious but lost out some of it's flavor due to the fact that it was just sooooo thick. That cut was close to 3 inches thick and made it hard to be a consistent medium all around. Mussels were good although I wish there was spoons to taste the rich wine broth. The risotto we ordered as a side went untouched once the steak got here- flavorful and buttery but forgettable even with chunks of bacon inside. The service was pretty perfunctory, it wasn't that they didn't try to stop by but it felt rushed and a little insincere since there were just so many other tables they had to pay attention to. There was also a fly that kept visiting our table- when you're dropping over $300 on a meal, you shouldn't be waving flies away. The atmosphere and logistics was what failed the most here though. The LA Craft is romantic, with beautiful layout, quiet atmosphere and amazing service. The tables here are so close, I had to tuck my purse in close next to me so it wouldn't touch the man in the booth next to me. You had trouble getting in and out of inside seats for fear you would brush up against people's dinner plates. The worse were the lounge style dinner tables right out by the front. Total failure of keeping that upscale feel when you feel like you're being packed in like money sardines. If they could give me the LA feel with that delicious wagyu, I'm all Tom's.
1	I have always said I will never complain about good food costing too much but I will however tell the world about bad food at any price.Growing up on a ranch I know good steak. I am no food critic but I know what tastes good.The service was amazing but the meal went downhill quickly. This mixed drink was weak. Of the 3 appetizers only one was decent. The ham thing was terrible, pretty hard to screw up shrimp cocktail, and the house speciality salad was decent.The main course consisted of filet, ny strip, and a ribeye. All three were ordered medium rare which came out rare which is ok because it is better than over done. Upon tasting the first bite I was pissed. There was no seasoning, natural flavor, or marinade. The only good thing was the texture which had a nice velvety texture which melted in your mouth yet was tough to chew. I then noticed this horrible taste which I can only compare to an old grass fed cow which is fine for hamburger or an apple bees. This was no grain fed quality yearling.To finish the meal the desserts were disgusting.
3	The wagyu was very well prepared, and the appetizers were fantastic (the brussel sprouts and steak tartar especially). The desserts were underwhelming, as was the service - although the service may have been an issue because I went during a very busy time.I'd suggest doing the chef's choice for wagyu. Or just get the skirt steak, which is stellar. It's a good restaurant, but it doesn't compare to great restaurants in other major cities - the ambiance isn't as nice, and the wait staff seems overburdened.
5	Every time I come back to this venue it gets better. I was here in May and got an amazing (and expensive) Australian Waygu filet that was probably my favorite steak of all time. I show up in December, ready to have a steak and sure enough they have upped the ante and now that Japanese Kobe is allowed in the US again (after a long time ban) they are one of the only 2 places in vegas currently getting it (according to my server). I got the 8oz filet, which was even more incredibly expensive than the Waygu. It was so amazingly good, it was the best steak I have had in my life hands down.The steak was so good, I kept thinking about it for days after... Really truely worth visiting this place, but very expensive.Wine list was excellent as well, had an awesome Super Tuscan.
5	Delicious!My fiance and I are fans of Top Chef, so Craftsteak had been on our "To Dine At" list for awhile. We made reservations for Saturday night and sat in the main dining room.We ended up going with the tasting menu, which ended up being way more food than we should have ate. The highlights of our menu included the Warm Frisee Salad, my New York Strip Steak, the cauliflower, and the Monkey Bread. All together, the 1 appetizer, 3 salads, two steaks, and four desserts were delicious.Bill ended up being just a little under $500 with a bottle of wine and tip -- more expensive than we're used to paying for dinner (expensive for us is usually $200), but for a one time dining experience, it was worth it.The service was amazing with all of the staff being extremely welcoming. The bartenders in the lounge chatted up my fiance about some record being broken in the Detroit Lions game, then our waiter joked around with us about our upcoming wedding. My fiance also requested to get an appetizer that wasn't included in the tasting menu, the scallops, which our waiter accommodated.
5	Wow...Top Chef...Seriously...Probably best steak I've had this year.  And we didn't have the best here.  We had the Domestic Wagyu tasting with wine pairing.  For the 3 of us, they gave us a filet, rib eye and ny.  Ordered it rare and it was all very very nice.  Especially the filet, it truly melted in my mouth.  Very well seasoned.Family style included their choice of sides.  Which I liked the surprise of having chef's choice.  These sides were again all flavorful and delicious especially the potato puree, OMG.  I haven't had Robuchon's but I don't know if any can be better for now.  Prosciutto & figs, brussel sprouts, mozzerella tomato, assortment of sauteed mushrooms, potato puree.  All fantastic.They gave us 5 plated desserts for the 3 of us.  WTF?  Wine pairing was on point.  I will be back to splurge on the Japanese Wagyu tasting menu/wine pairing...I can only imagine how crazy that would be.The only complaint I have was too much good food.  A lot of leftovers back to hotel room.Super happy.
5	No faults here, other than the tasting menu is a serious amount of food. But it's family style so you don't feel too bad not eating everything.The tartare stood out for me among the appetizers. The wagyu menu came with filet, rib eye and new york cuts. Filet was so damn good.The mashed potatoes were the best I've had. So buttery, so good.Service, wine, and course pacing were fantastic.
5	I've been here for dinner two times. One of my FAVORITE places in Las Vegas for steak. The beef tartare w/ quail egg is(in my opinion) the best tartare I've EVER had!! We actually had a server from Hawaii, so that was cool being able to talk to someone from home. Great Food!!! Great wine!!! Great Service!!! I'll be back next time I'm in town!!  Aloha
3	So glad I had a chance to try Craftsteak.  The good parts:  Setting is fabulous, very posh and yet comfortable.  The Parker house rolls were so good that I ate way too many.  Crusty tops with salt and pillowy soft insides.  The Wagyu beef tartare was as good as others here have said.   And yet...  The frisee salad was majorly overdressed.  Yes, it is a warm salad so the frisee won't be as crisp as normal.  But the egg, bacon, and cheese used for the freshly tossed dressing should have been used on three times the amount of greens.  Then it would have been an enhancement instead of glops of saltiness that hid the taste of the greens.  So sad.  I'm sure Chef Colicchio didn't know it was that way because, after watching him so long on Top Chef, he would not have stood for it.  Wish I had been hungrier so I could have tried other items.  On a side note:  All throughout my dining in Vegas I was confronted with soup spoons given to me for my dessert course.  When the sorbet scoops are the same size as the spoon I'm to eat them with it is not a good match.  Craftsteak was one of the offenders.  Find smaller spoons for diners to use for dessert please!
3	As I'm writing this, I'm still hovering between 3 and 4 stars. I feel that I might be a bit picky, but it's only because I was expecting to be completely blown away. Granted, my experience was great and my partner and I really enjoyed ourselves, but there were a few little things which irked me the wrong way. Full disclosure, our visit was December 8, 2012; just being clear that I didn't JUST visit. Anyway, moving on...My partner and I had a very early dinner reservation, owing to it being a) a Saturday night, b) the weekend smack-dab in the middle of the National Rodeo Finals, and c) the same night as the Pacquiao/Marquez fight. Needless to say, it was packed. In the end, we were glad for the early reservation because it allowed us plenty of time to eat our meal without feeling rushed for our show later that evening. When we first walked by the "outside" (I put it in quotes because nothing in Vegas has a real exterior unless it's a casino), I was worried it was going to be tiny. What I saw from outside, though, was merely the bar/lounge. Once inside, the place is huge. The decor and lighting is very smart and even though the tables are placed quite close to one another, you still feel you can have a nice conversation with whoever is with you.My partner and I began the evening with a sampling of their fresh oysters. Presented with a red wine minuet, freshly grated horseradish, and (if I recall correctly) house-made cocktail sauce. Oysters were incredibly fresh and flavorful. We then each had a salad: the Caesar and the Arugula. Both were delicious, but they were both HUGE. I swear there was at least half a box of arugula in my salad bowl. I ended up leaving much of the salad behind, as I was afraid of filling up before my steak arrived. Ah, the steaks... This is where I think Craftsteak really excelled (and good thing, too, given the name). I ordered the Petite Fillet. Although far from petite at 10 oz, it was a lovely and tender cut of beef and roasted to perfection. It was neither too rare or overdone, which is difficult with a steak as thick as fillet tends to be. It really did melt in my mouth. The presentation with a roasted shallot was just right. My partner went with the 10 oz Hangar steak. His steak was also cooked to perfection and was absolutely delicious. We shared two sides: Heirloom Cauliflower with Garlic Confit and French Fries with Roasted Paprika and Sherry Vinegar. The sides were excellent, as well, the french fries, in particular, being the star of the table: perfectly cooked and spicy and savory from the roasted paprika and vinegar. I felt the cauliflower, while still delicious, seemed too rich. We ended our meal simply with 2 scoops of ice cream: 1 mint chocolate chip and 1 vanilla bean, both house-made. The vanilla bean ice cream was incredibly creamy and rich, without being too sweet. The mint chocolate chip, on the other hand, was disappointing. Instead of peppermint, fresh spearmint was used for the mint cream, instead, giving it a weedy aftertaste (imagine chewing on a leaf of fresh mint for too long). We did enjoy our dessert, even if it didn't really live up as much to the rest of the meal. As for drinks, my partner and I both ordered martinis: 1 with Junipero Gin and olives, the other Grey Goose with a twist. It should be noted that both martinis came with olives, even though one was specified to come with a twist. My partner did not send his back, though. The martinis were generous to say the least. The "extra" was provided on the side in a tiny individual shaker and after the refill ended up being the equivalent to 2 full martinis. The wine list is extensive and also INCREDIBLY expensive. There was no note of a corkage fee, but even if it's the more standard $25, it's worth it to bring your own bottle. There were only 2 or 3 full-sized bottles priced less than $80, with the majority of the list above $100. Stick with cocktails or bring your own, unless you want to pay handily for wines you can find at Bevmo for half their menu price. Nonetheless, we found a fine bottle of California Pinot Noir for our meal.So, here comes the nit-picky part. Perhaps due to the packed house they had that night, our waiter frequently changed. It seemed there was staff members everywhere, running this way and that. It was a little distracting. The waiter who greeted us when we first sat down, was not the waiter who handed our check in the end. There was no hand-off done and no introduction to our new waitress. Instead, it changed and that was that. Overall, the portions could be scaled down a bit. I simply cannot eat 10 ounces of meat, which is the smallest steak size they offer, and since we were merely visiting, I couldn't take the leftovers to go. I know Vegas is all about "go big or go home," but I hate wasting food, too.Overall, though, a great experience. We're happy we came. Truly a top-notch steakhouse.
4	4.5 Stars.One of my all time favourite steak houses. Located in the MGM at the very back of the casino. Be prepared for a hell of a walk from the strip entrance doors. It's essential to "bring your appetite" if your going to brave the tasting menu.Service is spectacular all around. This is old school service, waiters are in tuxedos that make you feel like your the only one that matters. Very impressive. They have a great beer that pairs well with Steak. It's called Harviestoun and is aged 15 years in a Highland Park distillery cask. At $30 a pop, it's pricey but a nice treat. We selected one of the tasting menus - the chef selected domestic Wagyu beef selection at $160 / per person. This included:- Three different starters. We selected the frisee salad, prosciutto and organic lettuce salad. Top ratings on them all.- The steak entrees were 1) 8 oz. fillet Mignon and 2) Skirt steak. All cooked medium rare. The beef melted in your mouth. Some of the best steak I ever ate.- You get 3 side dishes -  I picked 1) brussel sprouts, 2) mixed mushrooms and 3) potato gratin - all amazing again. The brussel sprouts were the stand out with caramelized bacon and prosciutto. These are all good size portions. I'm stuffed at this point but it's time for the desert course. The waiter arrived with a huge dessert plate with 4 different items -  1) Monkey bread (like a cinnamon bun) , carrot cake, cheese cake and and an ice cream selection.I have a big appetite, well above average but this was just to much food for a single sitting. Next time I will skip the tasting menu and likely save some money as well. Overall... Craftsteak has excellent food and service but very pricey. It's worth it in my opinion, once a year on my annual vegas trip.
4	I am a huge fan of top chef so I really wanted to try this place out. I came here for my birthday dinner and it was fantastic. The service was great and quick. Seriously the bread is to die for too! Lol. I had the surf and turf. Delish and cooked perfectly. The sides we chose were the asparagus and the garlic potato gratin. They were good but not outstanding. Either way it was a great dinner and met my expectations.
5	So, I don't really need to review a place that has over 1000 reviews but, this was the best meal I have ever had in Las Vegas and probably in the top 5 of the best meals ever. Is it pricey..Yes but; with the excellent service, great drinks, food and ambience this is well worth your time and money. Food:first: the rolls here come to you in a cast iron little bake pan and are hot and buttery good. Drinks: 2 of the best 2 drinks I have ever had!Dark and Stormy: that was perfectly made and best dark and stormy everBillionaire Cocktail: I forgets whats in it but extremely good. I need to Google its contents. Brussel Sprouts with Bacon: wow so good and packed with rich flavor. Potato Puree: If I need to have a side dish for my death row meal this will be on the menu. I have not had the Joel Robuchon potato puree but if it is any better than this I will probably make love to it at the table. Just a perfect buttery potato blissKobe Wagyu beef skirt steak: super tender with all its fatty goodness but, I enjoyed my 2 side dishes more. So overall almost a perfect meal and I was very full! Thank you Tom Colicchio and I have more respect for your Top Chef judging ability now.
4	I was here on business and a group of 8 of us were there for dinner.  The dinner rolls were delicious...loved the rock salt on top of them.  The butternut squash soup is incredible!  I would highly recommend that to start.  I also had the watercress and cucumber salad which was also delightful and a nice light start to the meal.  I ordered the rack of lamb...rare.  It was incredible.  I did notice it was a little on the fatty side, but the cut was nice and big and it was so delicious, that no matter how full I felt, I had to finish it.  The table got quite a few sides...assorted mushrooms, pureed sweet potatoes, fingerling potatoes, asparagus and potatoes au gratin.  I wasn't a huge fan of the fingerling potatoes...it was just baked and lacked flavor.  The pureed sweet potatoes were my favorite with the asparagus a close second.  For dessert, you must get the Monkey Bread.  That was absolutely incredible.  I wasn't too fond of the pairing with the Brown Sugar Sour Cream ice cream, but a good vanilla ice cream would be great with the monkey bread.  The ambiance is great although I would do without the paintings of cows with a steak cut written on it.  That is just plain wrong.  lol!
4	I've had two very good experiences at this establishment and would recommend this steakhouse to anyone visiting Vegas for a special dinner. Yes, it's pricey. You pay for the name. But the quality is very good as well. Please do get the sauteed mushroom side, the hen of the woods variety are my favourite and cooked perfectly. All four of our steaks were cooked as ordered, not more, not less. I just wish we hadn't filled up so much on appetisers so that we could have enjoyed more of the desserts!
4	From start to finish, this was among the best dining experiences we've had. The service was impeccable, even for a late reservation on New Year's Eve. The food was simply spectacular. I did get the sense that we were on the continuous 'upsell upsell upsell' path though which got frustrating after a while. FYI - there is a steak on the menu for $260. No - I did not have it.Yes - I defy anyone to spend that sort of money on a steak.(Yes - if you buy it, I would love to try a bite)
4	Went before a show and had a terrific meal.  We got nervous when the fabled bread arrived and - frankly - was terrible.  But after that our steaks, our sides, and the service was terrific.   No surprises here but if you are looking for a steak, shrimp cocktail, and a Martini - this place is rock-solid.
4	Went here to try the Japanese Kobe beef after the US ban was lifted. If you decide to get it, don't get the filet or the australian. Get the New york or Ribeye, whichever they have at the moment. Other than the Kobe steak, it was a regular steakhouse. I'd pick Mastro's over this place any given sunday!
4	We went to Craftsteak for my birthday, and it did not disappoint. As many yelpers note, the rolls are buttery and hot.  They are serious, try not to fill up on them, but I think you will.  It's okay, happens to the best of us.  They are big league carbs.My wife ordered the heirloom tomatoes appetizer, and we had an unfortunate incident.  The server spilled them down my wife's back, and she was wearing a white shirt, so it was beyond noticeable.  But, the manager couldn't have been more friendly about it.  She quickly offered to pay for the dry cleaning and of course replaced the dish, gratis.  So, although that was annoying, accidents happen and they handled it excellently.The prosciutto appetizer was a table favorite, as were the shrimp.  My steak was fantastic, a big fat ribeye (if you read any of my other reviews, you will notice a pattern in my choice of steak).  Textbook medium rare  The wine list is very solid, but it's expensive.  But, if you are eating at Craftsteak, you probably weren't looking for value menu pricing.Definitely good for a special occasion.
3	Went on a really busy night with reservations.  Hostesses were SLAMMED with people at the desk with demands.  I felt for them.  They were really nice, smiled, and did their best. As for the dinner, order light on the sides.  We over ordered and had tons of food leftover.  Honestly, the steaks were A-OK.  I've had better at the premium steak chains.  The steaks were good, not great like at Ruth's in Anaheim, City Hall in Scottsdale, or DelFrisco's in Vegas.
5	I am a self proclaimed steak connoisseur.  During my most recent visit to Las Vegas (which I am still there), I decided to give my task of going to 5 top steakhouses in Vegas and keeping meticulous notes and pictures of what the experience was like.  Craftsteak was my second night of my steak escapade.  I tried to give no favorites throughout my trip but so far, Mr. Colicchio is on the top of my list of best in Vegas.  Ambiance: Nice chic and professional.  There was soft music and it felt like a nice place to have a date (a very expensive first date or a "I'm sorry" honey makeup date..I was there for the latter).  Service: The staff was very cool.  Very knowledgeable.  I asked so many questions about the techniques and the ingredients, I thought he would get annoyed.  But I think once they saw me taking notes, they assumed I was a critic (little did they know) and even told me about some other steak  houses I might enjoy.  Everything came promptly and they were very attentive.Bread: The complimentary bread is like a side dish...in fact it comes in a hot iron cast pan.  As soon as it came, you have this wave of buttery aroma.  There is wet sea salt on top of the bread roll that produced a pretty good crust with a oh so soft interior.  Not for the faint of heart or for people with hypertension.Appetizer: I had the warm Fri-see salad with and egg and bacon.  There was a nice mix of bleu cheese and smokey bacon prosciutto.  There was no ingredient overpowering the other (unless you bite directly into a bleu cheese crumble or hearty thick bacon piece).Side: Brussel sprouts - now if you were the type of kid that hated brussels when growing up, you'd be very turned off by hearing a steak house has brussels.  I, personally, never had the experience of eating it when I was younger but if it was anything like the brussels here, I would welcome it with open arms....or maybe it was the smoked bacon they added. I guess bacon can make anything better.Steak: Ribeye - came in the pan it was cooked in but it didn't come out very warm.  I had to personally transfer my steak to my own plate, which was pretty weird for a high end steak house, but with that aside, the steak was excellent.  It was cooked to perfection the way I wanted it and it had a great cross hair char.  The bordelaise sauce and baby taragon added a nice burst of flavor and created a nice "glaze" on the steak.  Of all the steak houses i've tried so far, this is definetely one I would return to again when in Vegas.
4	I'm a huge fan of steak as my reviews can attest to and so I'm happy to try them all out for you and report back!This restaurant is by far one of the most beautifully laid out restaurants on the strip. The lighting, the wood accents and just the very low-key, mellow ambiance is just fantastic. I couldn't ask for a more beautiful place to dine.Before I even get to the food I have to also say that the service here is incredible. You can always tell you're in an expensive restaurant. The wait staff just shines. It's no exception here. No empty glasses, excellent wine and drink selections and no waiting for requests. Being waited on hand and foot is exactly my style!Onto the true beauty of this restaurant: the food. Yes, it's a steak restaurant, yes, there are many in Vegas, but none do food quite like Craftsteak. The originality combined with all of the other aspects of this place really elevate it to a different level. The food choices are essentially the same for most steak houses. I had the bone-in ribeye and my associate had bison strip loin which I had never tasted. Mine was delicious. It was a nice size steak with just enough marbling to make it melt in the mouth without it venturing into that fatty, greasy taste. It had a nice seared crust that gave it a little crunch to go with the tenderness. Really a nice combo in the mouth. My associate's bison steak took me aback. I'm not a big fan of alternative meat, if you will. Bison just does not conjure up BBQ if you know what I mean. I see prairies and high grass, not a divine piece of meat on a platter. I'm happy to say I now see it both ways. Bison is extremely tender. I was expecting a gamey taste, the sort found on most wild animals (I know, bison are farm raised, but still - BISON?), but was happily surprised with the mild, tender meat that I encountered. I definitely think if you want to step out of your comfort zone you should try this cut of meat. Delicious. As sides go they have an amazing assortment. My associate surprised me by ordering grits. I KNOW, RIGHT? I, being from Texas, know what a grit is. I will only eat it for my grandmother. UNTIL NOW. This was the best tasting grit I ever had! It was cooked so perfectly, so tenderly that I wanted to ask it why it didn't taste like this when I was a kid, but grits don't talk. Not even in Texas. So, these white corn grits were topped with bacon and Gruyere cheese and let me tell you if that's all you eat I will not tell anyone. They were an explosion of fabulous taste. I was shocked. I will never think of grits the same way again, I can assure you of THAT.We also had the mushroom assortment and they were good, but they weren't done in a way that you'd ask for them again when you went back unless you're a mushroom nut. They were fine, I liked them, next.No dessert here, but that will change next time I go. The assortment they had made my mouth water just reading them!There is an incredible menu here. It's extensive, but don't take that to mean that they don't everything with flair. Nothing gets left behind here and that's surprising. You'll love it, though. Please bring me some grits when you go, okay? Don't tell my grandma.
3	I'd give it 3.5 stars!Overall a really good elegant restaurant.However, one of our steaks was not cooked properly, it was rather fully cooked than medium rare (pink).The side dishes were just ok. Mashed potato was tasty but the risotto wasn't good, had a little and didn't want any more, considering I LOVE risotto. The brussels sprouts  were not anything special either. The cooked potatoes were just ok as well, I had one and I felt like it was very hard, not fully cooked.Watching chef Tom Colicchio criticizing all chefs on top chef TV show I expected more than just ok.
5	almost the best steak i've ever had in my life. amazing brussel sprouts as well!
4	It was pretty great, and the price was what you'd expect in Vegas. The whiskey works there too
4	First I'll start with the reservation wait time since this was what the 1 star deduction was for. I made a reservation for a party of two at 7:30 PM on a Tuesday night during the off-season. When I arrived I was told I would be seated shortly and that tables were just being cleared off. Instead, we waited for 30 minutes and were forgotten about. It was only after I went to speak with a different hostess that they seemed to have remember we were waiting and then we were seated within 10 minutes. So approximately a 40 wait past the reservation, which I find to be unacceptable for such an established restaurant. As for the food, the quality was second to none. I had the salmon and my boyfriend had the domestic Wagu strip steak. He thought it was the best steak he has ever had and is a big steak fan, and I thought for a steak house especially, that the salmon was great. Both dishes were cooked perfectly to order. The sides were AWESOME. We got the potato puree, vegetables, potatoes, and a few other things. Portions are HUGE and easily share-able. Also the bottle of red wine which was approximately $90 was very good and complimented the meal well. The server was very friendly, attentive, and knew a lot about the menu and suggestions/parings. Overall great experience and great food.
5	I died and entered the gates of steakhouse heaven!!I did some scouting on YELP and decided on this venue; it's as if the culinary gods were in my favor, stars aligned and all.The joint was dim and pretty packed, patrons enjoying meals at tables and guzzling down drinks at the bar - servers were bustling around taking care of everyone.The BF and I sat at the bar while we waited for our table. Nice vibe, I totally dig it. You can forget the snotty staff here, everyone was really nice and approachable.When we sat for dinner, a lovely gentleman whose name I cannot recall, went over the menu and made excellent recommendations. He was a pleasant man and provided top-notch service, a real professional I tell you.I more than enjoyed the Maine lobster bisque, I only shared one spoonful with the BF and he instantaneously got struck with food envy - so much so he had to order a bowl for himself.Roasted Baby Beets Beet Pickled Egg was also ordered. While good, it's safe to say you can skip out on ordering this so you can leave room for the other items that were much better.We also tried the Hand-cut Wagyu Tartare Crostini. Sounds fancy, right? It didn't leave much of an impression for me so wouldn't order it again. The oysters & scallops are on my radar for my next visit though!Onto the entree, ding! ding! ding! Champ of the night!While I am a rib-eye kinda gal, we decided on the Kobe Wagyu beef skirt steak. Holy fuck Batman!! If my taste buds had little mouths to speak they would be singing and rejoicing like a black womens' choir on a Sunday morning, praising God, and squeezing out little tears of joys if my little guys had eyes. Yes, it WAS that good and by far THEE BEST STEAK I EVER HAD. I'm telling you, this steak is L.E.G.I.T. We ordered it medium rare and I don't know how they did it (maybe magic) but the outside had a nice crisp char to it while the meat inside was PERFECTLY tender and my god juicy!! I daydream about this steak, definitely an item I would request for a last meal.We equally enjoyed the sides as well:Mushroom assortment on top of risotto - definitely a must if you are into mushrooms and like savory foods!Yukon Gold Puree - so good, I think my eyes rolled back for a good 2 seconds! I literally envisioned myself swimming in a pool of this stuff and darn, having to eat my way out. Don't worry, in my mind's eye I didn't need any rescuing.Least to say, dessert was a blur. I was so impressed with everything else I cannot remember how dessert was. Also, it was so busy that we were left waiting a good 20 minutes before it arrived. Our server felt so bad he literally brought out 4 desserts - overboard but definitely appreciated the gesture.I left with a food baby for the night and had to take a nap in the room for an hour before going out again.I'm in love with this place and crave it every so often. Whenever I'm in Vegas, I will make it a point to come dine here again and spoil the fat kid in me.
5	So good! Foie gras ravioli wasn't cooked enough for me but the flavor was amazing. That fact that isn't want cooked all the way and the time between the starter and the main course were the only downsides. The food is amazing. Service is amazing. 10oz filet was cooked perfectly. Risotto was sooooo rich and the dish was a good size portion. Would recommend only one side for two people. The cauliflower was the best I've ever had. Definitely will be coming back. Better than when we had dinner at Cut in Beverly Hills and less expensive. Well worth the money.
5	Impressive selection of scotch. The bread they serve is pretty delicious. I don't really eat bread; the stuff makes you fat,  but I ate the whole plate it was so warm and delicious. The main reason you should eat here is for their wagyu skirt steak. I usually get ribeye, but you can get ribeye, nystrips, filets, etc at any other steak joint.  Honestly, while their other cuts were good, they were nothing special. They certainly did not make this place stand out. $80 bucks for a cut of meat usually associated with fajitas had me skeptical at first. The combination of flavor and tenderness of this piece of meat was absolutely insane. I was shocked at how good it was. Incredibly rich, it was like the thing oozed butter when you chewed on it. It's also great if you're really lazy and don't feel like cutting your steak. It comes pre sliced into perfect man sized portions.Extra points for a bartender that knows how to make a proper old fashioned. Sadly, it has become a rare sight.
5	Craft steak was flawless in every way.  I arrived with my party about 10 mins early just in case there was a wait.  As I sat there I noticed the interior, perfectly classic steak house, wood everything.  Dark oaks, redwoods and even pine.  Aw the faint smell of wood finish is unmistakable and wonderful when you sit down to a hearty meal.  There is just something about the smell of pine and oak that goes with a 12oz steak.Our server came over to us promptly and introduced himself.  Charm filled the room, every wait staff had a smile ear to ear.   The Floor manager came over next.  We were all dressed in business attire and casual wear, nothing special at all.  After all it was 110 degrees outside so some of us were in shorts.  None of this stopped him from coming over.   He just came over to introduce himself and make sure everything was to our liking. We started our meal with artisan breads. The favorite of the table was the kalamata rosemary bread. Wonderfully salty and airy, perfect way to get us to drink 2 more cocktails each.  A good restaurateur will understand the need to up sale through cocktails and a good way to do that is salty snacks,I had the New York strip with Natural Ju and Thyme.   It came sliced into perfect  inch cubes with a  inch fat cap still attached.  All I could think was thank god you kept the fat on there.  I got a side of roasted mushrooms with my steak. I'm a sucker when it comes to mushrooms, especially when they are prepared as simple as possible. They were simply pan roasted in clarified..... also known as liquid gold.All in All for experience, atmosphere, food and service they get a 5, but when I go into a place like this I expect nothing less then a perfect evening.
4	Came here for NYE and had a great time with my friends. Only complaint is that  took 1/2hr to get table ready after we arrived for our reservation time. Besides that food and service was great. Menu may be confusing, but waiter will be happy to explain anything, just ask.
5	The only problem I had was I could not eat all the food.  We selected the 3 course sampler with no alcohol.  First out was our soup and salad course that went very well with the butter rolls..yum!  Soup was lobster bisque with 3 variation of salads.  If you do not eat large meals, I would suggest taking it easy during your first course even though you will want to eat all of it.  We chose the surf and turf for our second course that included a Wagyu skirt steak, a Wagyu ribeye, and a 2 lb lobster.  The steaks are served med rare, and are absolutely outstanding cuts.  The lobster was slightly overcooked, but still pretty good.  Our second course came with 3 family style sides.  Asparagus, gratin potatoes, and an assortment of mushrooms.  Again, all three were delicious.  Third course topped it off.  They gave us two scoops of ice cream with one being a pistaccio flavor, and the other I forgot.  We also had a variety of nicely cut up fresh fruit.  The third plate of dessert had a chocolate bar of some sort and another ice cream scoop.  Since it was our birthday, we received a plate of their monkey bread with MORE ice cream.  SO, now you know why it was so hard to walk away from food on our plates.  $160 per person.  You can dress up or go casual.  Either way it is cool.  Enjoy!
5	Simply an awesome meal. T-Bones were outstanding and all the salads and side dishes were delicious. Service impeccable. Best shrimp cocktail I have had in years!
5	Holy shiznit! Best place ever! The bartender JT was incredible. He was patient, professional, and attentive.  I have not one complaint. Persian cucumber salad, wagyu tartare, and seared scallops...OMG. All delicious. Unbelievable food. I am now a fan of Tom Colicchio!
5	Made reservations via YELP Open Table. Been wanting to come here for a couple of years now. Glad we did!Kevin and Olga were our servers and they were AWESOME! Kevin explained the menu and made helpful suggestions. Gave us some time to look over menu then came back to see if we had any questions and yes we did and he went over it again with us. We took his suggestion and ordered like a tasting menu. My gf and I each ordered our entree's, she had the t-bone and I chose the 24 hr braised short rib. Then three salads, Italian buffalo mozzarella, Caeser's salad then we were stuck and Kevin suggested the warm frisee salad w/ bacon. Then our sides were mashed potatoes, fries and then we were stuck again and Keven suggested brussel sprouts w/bacon. Oh yeah our dinners also came with lobster bisque to start and a pan of bread!Everything we ordered was delicious! Kevin's suggestions were right on! 24 hour braised beef was tasty and soo tender! I wondered why they didn't ask us what we wanted for dessert, then they brought 4 different plates and it was all for us!! Fresh mixed fruits, a scoop of ice cream and a scoop of sorbet, sticky bun w/ a scoop of coffee ice cream and a strip of lemon and a strip of pineapple cake or bread with some kind of cream topping. Everything again was soo good!Again I can't stress enough about the service! Kevin you are the BEST! You and Olga make a great team! We will be back on our next trip!
5	Went with a party of four. Truly exceptional food, wait staff, environment. Excellent wine recommendation from  sommelier. Would definitely go back.
5	My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary dinner and from the moment we walked in to the moment we walked out we felt like royalty food was delicious and desserts were amazing it is pricey, but so worth it have the persian salad and the yukon potatoes yummers!
5	There's nothing more I can say about Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak that hasn't already been said. I concur with everyone else' conclusion that Mr. Colicchio is a champ. Our dinner here was absolutely impeccable - from the beautiful interior, lovely staff, and of course the food. (Oh the food!)The unexpected star of that evening was... the warm frisee salad. Despite its unassuming presence on the somewhat exhaustive menu, it's definitely a must try. It reminds me of a carb-less carbonara pasta minus (some of) the guilt. (Tip: Ask for the poached egg on top and have them mix it in). It was just heavenly. Craftsteak is definitely one of  the best restaurants in Vegas.
5	Get the butternut squash soup! Also the filet mignon, & rack of lamb are amazing as well!One of the best restaurants I've ever been to. Tom really knows what he's doing. LOVED.Ask for Kevin if he's working. He's great.
3	We had a 6:30 reservation for dinner prior to a 9:30 show.  We were seated promptly and politely.  Our server was jovial and reasonably helpful.  There were three people in our party, so we ended up with three different apps, steaks, and sides, and then shared a dessert.  Everything was executed reasonably well, but not amazing.  I think our appetizers were better than the actual steaks.  I had the beet salad with roasted beets and pickeled eggs.  I think that the salad lacked a bit of acid, but overall good.  Another person had the quail appetizer and thought it was tasty.  We ordered braised kale, sweet potato puree, and brussels sprouts as sides.  I felt that the sweet potatoes were too sweet, and could have used some salt to contrast, but another in my party enjoyed them.  The steaks were average.  I felt like mine was almost over-salted and tough, but maybe that's the nature of the cut (flatiron).  I ordered it because it was the only 8-oz steak on the menu.  I would have preferred an impeccably prepared 6-oz filet.  There was also a strip steak and a bone-in ribeye at the table.  They were fine.  Not great, not bad, just fine.  I would say that I've had dramatically better steaks at Ruth's Chris and Capital Grille.  It's a bit dissapointing that we've had better meals at major chain steak houses.  Overall, I probably wouldn't go back.  It wasn't bad, it just wasn't the fantastic experience I was looking for.  I think that for the hype and reviews, I was expecting to be wowed, and I was a bit underwhelmed.  I didn't leave hungry, but I was a little bummed/disappointed/bored.The best part of the meal was the monkey bread with sour cream ice cream.  I would have that again any day...
4	my husband took me here on my birthday and it was probably one of the best meals i've ever eaten.  getting the wagyu skirt steak was the best decision i made.  a pricey steak, but i don't think i'll ever eat a steak as delicious as that one.  we both had steak entrees, a couple sides, a cocktail and a dessert.  dinner was about $200... well worth it.  not something i would do all the time, but a great treat!
5	One of my top five dining experiences ever. Lovely restaurant atmosphere, spectacular and attentive service, an impressive single malt scotch list, and a delicious meal. A quick rundown of what we ordered: GF: Half-dozen assorted oysters, lobster bisque soup, 14 oz Wagyu skirt steak, potato pureeMe: Butternut squash soup w/ maple glazed bacon, 10 oz black angus filet mignon, cheddar grits with some more maple glazed bacon, glass of (fairly priced!!) Dalmore 15We would order every single one of those items again, if given the chance. The food was expertly prepared and extremely tender, to the point where I barely had to chew during the meal. At a steakhouse, that's a feat.Special nod to our server, Kevin, who was friendly, informative, and entertaining.Yes, this is a pricey place, but you're paying for quality, and it's worth every penny. We'll definitely return... after our bank accounts refill a bit.
4	Got the Wagyu tasting with 4 other brave souls who would go in on it with me.  I think it came with 5 cuts (prob about 1 lb per type - filet, ribeye, sirloin, short rib, etc.) and almost all the apps, sides, and desserts.  It was definitely not cheap (~$200pp), but in hindsight I think you could actually order that tasting for 2 people and then get 1-2 other entrees and basically share it with 4 or 5 other people.  I also went back with my family and had a great normal meal there.  The food was cooked perfectly and the service was great.
3	So we just completed our week at Vegas and tried 3 different restaurants with the Ribeye, so the rating is a comparison of the three.We we walked right in at 6:30 and immediately greeted not by one waiter, but two.  We were explained the wine list and specials and began to pick our food.  A third waitress continued to fill our waters regularly.  It was not too busy at 6:30, but by 7:30, the place was full and service slowed down a little, but still top notch.For soup, we went with the Lobster Bisque and the salad was the Italian Buffalo Mozzarella Salad.  Both very delicious appetizers and would recommend a must have.  The main entrees were the Ribeye with Risotto and the Filet Mignon with Asparagus.Now don't get me wrong, the expectation is high at this price point and they did not disappoint on flavor.  The reason for three stars was the amount of gristle that the Ribeye had.  I would say about half of the slab was very difficult to get through and some pieces just had to go down the throat without breaking it up into pieces with my teeth.  The Risotto was also just OK, it needed more flavor.  It also comes in a big bowl, way too much for two people.  We only got through 25% of it.To compare, we went to Mon Ami Gabi and Gordan Ramsey Steakhouse.  You'll have to search those for my reviews.On a side note, when does business casual actually get enforced?  Two of the three resturaunts at this level we attended, both had people in t-shirts and Tom's had a guy with shorts and a t-shirt.  IMO, It kinda brings down the atmosphere for those of us who understand rules.
5	This is absolutely one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas, which happens to have some amazing places to eat.  I ordered the Filet and ended up splitting it with a friend as it was huge, 12 ounces.  That was the smallest Filet they had.  We also got the caesar salad which was pretty good, and the risotto that was phenomenal.  I'm Italian so I'm usually weary about ordering risotto out, because so few restaurants can make it correctly, but craftsteak got this one right.   After sharing an entree, side, appetizer, and dessert with my friend, our bills were about $60 each.  It was plenty of food, and reasonably priced for what you're getting.  We got the ice cream for dessert, pistachio and apple pie.  It was so creamy and delicious, and the apple pie ice cream really tasted like apple pie.  It even had chunks of apple it in.  Amazing.  I will definitely be going back every time I visit las vegas!
4	Craftsteak use to be one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Unfortunately something's changed and it just wasn't the same.   Still good but not sure I will be backBourbon list is extensive and the best part of my evening. Ordered oysters to start which were good. Wine list is also extensive but lacks middle of the road cabs. Waygu NY strip ordered medium rare came out more medium and lacked that pop I was expecting. Cheesy grits with bacon was delicious.
3	I came here last April and my boyfriend at the time always came here for business and raved how great it was . So when we went I was all excited..My excitement became "meh". The steak was not the greatest..maybe it was an off day. The frisee' salad was amazingggg though as well as the monkey bread dessert but it wasn't good enough to return for me.
5	Food is excellent.  It is a simple equation, take amazing ingredients, prepare them simply but perfectly, and let the ingredients speak for themselves.  Where other steakhouses seem to be concerned with letting you know how good of chefs they are, the ingredients prepared simply speaks to the real quality of the chefs in the back.  Yes, it is expensive, and probably a touch overpriced, but in Las Vegas, at a strip casino, a bit overpriced is probably a win.  I would recommend anyone who can afford this restaurant to go and experience a meal.
2	Not worth the prices.  Service was good, food was fair.  I'd recommend somewhere else first.
4	This is one of the best restaurants I have ever been to.  Why am I giving it 4 stars?  It's because it's so damn expensive.  The steak and the sides were great, the portions were humongous, the desserts were delightful, but was it worth $460 for 2 people?  Uhhh....not so  much.  Yes the meal was better than your run of the mill chains like Claim Jumper or TGI Fridays, but for half the price at a place at let's say....Ruth Chris' Steak House, I would say I'd stick with that.  We had the pre-set menu with the American Wagyu Surf N Turf.  For a special occasion, like Valentines Day, yes it is well worth it.  But would I go on a regular basis?  Probably not, I'm going to stick with Morton's or Maestro's for my usual Steak cravings.
5	My compliments to the chef at this place! When looking through the hundreds of restaurant choices in Vegas, we came across this spot in the MGM and with Tom's name on it from Top Chef fame we had to try it. We are so glad we did. From start to finish this was one of the best meals I have ever had traveling. Even the hot lightly salted rolls were delicious. The drinks, appetizers (seafood platter/carpaccio plate) to the main course surf and turf filet and lobster were to die for. The beef was so tender it cut like butter and you could slice it with your fork. The service treated you like a king and who the heck cares about price in a place like this, it was worth every penny and let me tell you there were a lot of them in this bill so bring your wallet or maybe two wallets. For four people this was like a small downpayment on a car. I will be sure to visit the other Craft steak locations as this blew away every type of chain steak restaurant out there including Capital Grill and Ruth Chris. They arent even in the same league! Do yourself a favor and make this first choice when in Vegas!
5	I LOOOOVE this place!! The ambiance, the lighting, the service.. Top notch! Monkey bread definitely one of my faves! Totally worth it!!
5	My wife and I ate a late dinner here after arriving in Vegas. Beautiful restaurant. Took us immediately to table even though we didn't have reservation. Because of the late hour we split a large New York strip and potatoes au gratin. Excellent steak, potatoes were awesome. Server was highly attentive. This restaurant is definitely on our list when we return to Vegas next month.
5	Amazing food, truly excellent best lobster bisque, and the prime rib, probably the bedt Ive had!!  Great service, the only downside is the size of the portions, we wasted a lot of food, which is unfortunate...
5	Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak was the final stop on my culinary tour of Vegas (following 2 Wolfgang Puck restaurants, 1 Gordon Ramsey, and another James Beard award winner) and did not disappoint.Honestly, they could have served up an ill-prepared steak and I still would have rated at least 4 stars for the heavenly rolls and brussel sprouts alone. However, the quality and preparation of my filet mignon was nothing short of to die for. I'm a freak about red meat and always request well done (steak connoisseurs: feel free to vilify me for this) and somehow Craftsteak managed to deliver a well-done steak that was still moist, tender, and literally falling apart on my fork. Need I say more?I echo other commenter's sentiments about the size of the side dishes. For those of you who might turn your nose up at $15-20 veggie sides, think again. Two of us could barely finish the brussel sprouts and didn't even make a dent in the grits (waiter's recommendation). I bucked the red wine norm and went with a glass of prosecco, which was actually reasonably priced for a 4 diamond restaurant. Whatever you do: GET EXTRA ROLLS.
1	Quality food, unprofessional and unacceptable service.  Too many choices in Vegas to get treated poorly in any paying establishment.
4	The atmosphere was nice but the table booth was a little small.  Avoid a booth if you have a larger group.  The appetizers were great.  Especially the caesar salad and the fresh baked bread for the table.  We all did the 3 course domestic wagyu meal which is a great way to sample all the cuts, sides and desserts.  The NY cut was delicious.  The filet melted in your mouth.  The wagyu ribeye lacked that fatty buttery flavor which you come to expect from a ribeye.  Was not really impressed with the "wagyu" and suspect the regular cuts may be a better bang for the buck.  For sides, the potato puree and the bacon brussel sprouts were heavenly.  The dessert assortment was also stellar.  The chocolate souffle and bananas foster were both a treat.
1	This place was very disappointing; the food was extremely salty - yuck!
5	Tremendous lobster bisque and brussel sprouts with bacon bits. The manager Jim was the best. A true professional who cares about the diners.
5	Fantastic, 5 stars for food and 5 stars for service. Take advantage of the 3 course meal.
1	Everything is very salty! Too expensive and quality just OK! If you want to have  steaks go to Monami Gabi or another place.
5	It was wonderful.  It's not cheap but they are not cheap on the serving sizes and quality.  I think I was over served with some great food.
5	This is definitely my favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas. The steak was the best I've ever had in my life. The bread rolls are melt in your mouth delicious. I could live off of the potato puree. Sharon was a great server, very helpful and caring. The rest of the staff was the same way. A+, I highly recommend Craftsteak to anyone visiting Vegas.
5	Four of us just had dinner at Craftsteak last night and it was absolutely fantastic! It literally was one of those amazingly satisfying and wonderful meals that you will never forget! We had the Beef Tasting menu and decided to all get different types to share: Filet, Ribeye, Short Ribs and Rack of Lamb.  All were just FABULOUS! Cooked to perfect Med Rare, presented beautifully and simply and seasoned to perfection.  The whipped potatoes were the best potatoes I have ever had in my life, and the mushrooms were divine. I can not say enough about this place.  Our server Jeff, was just superb and took wonderful care of us.  He really made us feel special!  I will recommend this spot to everyone I know and will remember this great meal for years! Please don't miss the opportunity to go here if you are in Vegas you will not be disappointed!
5	The steak, the rolls, the sides, the service. Everything was top notch. It was a great experience.
5	Great steak. I started off with a simple salad dressed with a lemon vinaigrette and asparagus. It was good but would probably try a different salad next time. The pork belly salad looked really good. Next, came the yellowtail sashimi with citrus slices and some sort of salt/seasoning.  Excellent. We ordered fingerling potatoes, steamed spinach, and shiitake mushrooms as our sides. Spinach was definitely the highlight. Very bright and fresh.  Now the important part, the steak. 16 oz Strip. It was delivered with bone, which was nicely cut away from the flesh. The meat was tender, very flavorful, and the right amount of fat. Cooked to a perfect medium rare temp.
5	I am a steak slut! I have no problem paying high prices for quality meat. Craft Steak is the ultimate in steakhouse experiences. I was in Vegas for an educational visit with a little gambling thrown in and did very well playing Blackjack so treated myself to Craft Steak. I made a reservation early and went by myself. The service was phenomenal. The waiter knew his stuff and he may have loved steak and steakhouses as much as me. His suggestions were spot on and I left there stuffed and simply amazed at the experience. The meat was exceptional, the sides were perfect, and those rolls they serve will make you blush. My steak was cooked perfectly. Yes it is a pricey steakhouse, but it is worth every penny. So if you are in Vegas and get up on the tables, then treat yourself to this perfect steakhouse. You will not be sorry!
4	Not to shabby- Few other places I prefer (Todd English and Gordon's places) but this was a great meal and we were very well taken care of.Try the basil gelato!
3	Overall i think the service was great, but the food was just okay. Maybe it was because i had unrealistically high expectations from all the top chef episodes, but it was a little disappointing. Not to say the food was good, it just didn't stand out from the other high tier restaurants.For a party of 6, we ordered a prosciutto and salad as appetizer, both were huge portions, much bigger than i thought they would be. For entree we split a kobe skirt steak, a porterhouse for 2, ribeye, and a 2.5 lb lobster with sides of mushrooms and brussel sprouts. I have to say, the stand out items were  the skirt steak and brussel sprouts. All the food plus 2 bottles of wine (1 was comped because we moved our table to help someone in a wheelchair) came out to be around $600ish.
5	I love CRAFT LA and this is the second time I have been to CRAFTSTEAK in Vegas. I will say, Tom Colicchio sure knows how to run a restaurant. Service is always impeccable and the food is worth the price. We had fresh clams to start ($3 each) and we ordered the NY Strip (bone in) and the Filet and both were cooked in juices perfectly. We even tried the grits and the turnips (who has turnips on the menu) and they both did not disappoint! It might be a little heavy of a dinner if you want to go out and party afterwards, but if you are craving steak, you need to come here in Las Vegas at the MGM Grand.
2	I have been to this restaurant now on 3 occasions. The first time was EXCELLENT! Wonderful service, great food and very enjoyable. The second time was also very good, but my friend did not enjoy her meal as much. And then there was this last time I went which prompted this review. Here are the details:I was with a Party of 8We were ordering lots of wine, appetizers, salads and food - we had money to spend.Service was terrible! They never brought us any bread. We had to pour our own wine the whole evening and would have ordered more if they checked on us.  They didn't change our plates out between appetizers and salad - we had to ask them to do it - and the servers barely checked in on us. The last time I came the service was excellent. This time it was appalling for a restaurant of this caliber. I've had better service at Denny's!The food was just okay and some of it, like the lobster we ordered as an appetizer for the table, was tough, chewy and just not good! Extremely disappointing! The steaks were pretty tasty and for the most part pretty good but no better or distinguished than any other steaks from a high end steak house.I was embarrassed. I had such a good experience before and recommended this place to my friends who all have serving experience and dining experience and this place was such a disappointment this time around. All I kept thinking was that if Tom Colicchio knew the low quality of service and the quality of some of the product coming out, he would be very disappointed and not want his name on this. I will not be recommending this place again, nor will I be going back. With all the fine dining experiences I could have in Vegas, I'm not wasting any more money on this place. Too bad. My first experience was so good. Look elsewhere if you want a fine dining experience.
1	Ridiculous...try getting seated on a lazy weekday night and when the restaurant is empty.  I bet they do some client "profiling."  My guest and I were probably not young, hip or sexy enough to be seen there.  Oh well, Nobu, L'atelier and Fiamma accommodated us just fine.  Nobu...now there's a great restaurant...But if you are into that "mean-girl" attitude and want to be treated like an outcast with all your money, Craftsteak might suit you just right.  Can't comment on the food because we never got in.  If the food is anything like the service they offered at the front, it must bittersweet (bitter because we never got in, sweet because we saved all that money we would have spent).
2	This is a vegetarian review... just to warn you...The atmosphere is very classic trendy with glass and wood accents everywhere. I brought a Bachelorette party here for dinner and though it is a loud restaurant we were a bit too loud for it. Its quite a big space to accommodate for both large and small groups. As a vegetarian I was excited to try multiple "sides" on the menu. Everyone else order some form of steak or seafood and love it. We had great service and our glasses (wine, champagne or water) were never less than half full. I wish I could tell you more about the rest of the menu but I can only speak for the vegetables. My favorite was the beet salad as the pickled egg was unique. My second favorite was the assortment of mushrooms simply because they were each unique in flavor and basically left alone. I would have really like a sauce of some sort to eat with the fingerling potato and asparagus however. The general team of the sides were too simply for me to say I loved it. Living in Chicago, I have had great side dishes at steak restaurants and I am kind of indifferent about these. Overall service and atmosphere was 5 stars but the veggie dishes were 2. I guess I just expected more out of Tom Colicchio in all aspects of the menu.
5	I cannot believe that I almost made a reservation at another steak house and missed the opportunity to eat the best meal I have ever had.  We hit this place on our second night in town - before a comedy show in the same Hotel.  Literally, the deciding factor when I made reservations for the trip was that it was close to the show, so we would not be rushed.  Thank God I did.We went with the American Waygu tasting menu and were deluged with plates and plates of food.  (and this was after the yummy parker rolls of which we ate at least two portions)  To start:  buffalo mozz with red peppers, caesar salad, shrimp cocktail and the yummy wagyu tartare.  Every bit of this was gone and all was delicious.  For the meal, they bring you a ribeye and a filet with creamy mashed potatoes and snap peas.  Again, there were maybe a few snap peas left, but we devoured the rest -and the meat was perfectly cooked and so good - husband even admitted that he might like the ribeye more than the filet (which is his cut of choice)For dessert, there were FOUR more plates - a creamy chessecake, two scoops of gelato, monkeybread and a fruit tray.  Husband ate all of the monkeybread before I could blink and thus, I took the cheesecake for myself.Service was also spot on and we had no problem making the show around the corner.This is a MUST for any serious foodie out there - don't balk at the almost $500 per couple pricetag, it is worth it for the sheer joy of food!
2	Underwhelmed, did I just get an off night?Service: Lackluster, disinterested and too busy, no interest in engaging me, the diner, in any way.Appy: Wagyu Tartare was 10/10, by far the best item of the night, the best I have ever had, unfortunately nothing that followed was anywhere near this level.Steak and sides: Do not cut my steak for me, I am not 5, when a restaurant slices up a steak for you it just means it gets cold that much faster, and it wasn't that hot when they served it. The steak was fairly good quality, nothing special and was a bit tasteless and a pinch tough.  The mushroom side dish was completely bland. The potato gratin dish was fine, nothing remarkable.So disappointed, especially for this kind of money. Mesa Grill the night before was less money and twice the meal.
5	Showed up for a 9:15 reservation with a group of 8 and was seated right away. Service from the staff was excellent. Entire group was raving about their steaks and how good they were. Definitely  recommend trying Craftsteak!
5	I've had the pleasure of eating here twice and both times were amazing.  The first time I was with some lifelong girlfriends on a few days away, and our waiter (his name escapes me now) treated us like gold and made the night most memorable.  He tossed in free drinks, and apps and gave us just enough attention without bothering us.  The food was beyond fantastic and we still talk about the evening.The second time I was with a large group and again the service was impeccable and the food wonderful.  I find most Vegas versions of "famous chefs" restaurants disappointing, but Craftsteak lives up to all the hype.
4	Tried the restaurant out with a bachelor party of 15 people.  We had a set menu.  Bread rolls, some type of beef tar tar, asparagus, potatoes, mashed creamy potato, rib eye, braised beef, a third type of steak, ice cream, lime cheese cake, and a glazed pastry.  Overall, some in our group thought the steak was like butter, but I do not think the steak was to that extent.  The rib eye was good, but I had rib eye that was more tender at other places.  The braised beef comes right off the bone.  It was delicious.  The third steak was a bit tough.  The meat comes pre sliced as family style.  The bread rolls were good and I really liked the tar tar.  I enjoyed the sides, but it is probably similar to other restaurants.  I am not much of a desert person, but I thought the glazed pastry and cheese cake was a bit too sweet.  I did not like the lime flavor the cheese cake as well.  There were several sorbet flavors.  I enjoyed it.  We had some issues with the service.  We had better service at Chef Ramsay's hamburger restaurant.  We had several servers that were very nice.  However, I noticed a server taking away food that was not finished.  Especially, when I took some of the braised beef and did not want to be a piggy and left some for others.  Afterwards, someone mentioned they wanted to take the last bit and it was taken away, but we left that issue alone.After our meal was completed, we had more than half the food leftover (steaks, appetizers, sides, etc.).  A person in our group announced to the waiters to "pack it".  We all heard it.  After we paid and waited for some time.  I already speculated that they did not.  When we asked our waiter about the food, he told us to hold on and got someone else to greet our table.  Most likely a person that cleaned the table or another waiter that I do not remember too much.  His demeanor and response was rude and unapologetic.  He stood at the corner of the room and asked what happened.  As we explained the situation, he had a serious pissed looked and said "I did not hear you" sternly.  We all responded together that we heard him say it.  The waiter with the same annoying look, "Well, I did not hear you, what do you want me to do about it?", "well, I'm sorry" (serious annoyed look).  We paid over $100 a person.  The way he spoke to us was damn rude.  If he just showed some sympathy and sincerely apologized, which I think most of us would for throwing away half a dinner that cost over $2,000, we would half walked away.We spoke to the manager and he handled it well.  He apologized and gave us a credit on our bill and a round of drinks.  Good job sir!  I can not really blame all the servers for one, but I had to let everyone know about this incident.  The steak is better than average, but not the best I had.  It is not enough to allure me to come back.
5	really good. definitely glad I came here
3	It pains me to write this review but it must be done.  I was so pumped about going to this restaurant while in Vegas unfortunately, it totally let me down.  We started with cocktails and salads.  I love a poached egg so I was excited to order the warm frisee salad.  It was just so so.  Next I ordered the sea scallops and brussel sprouts.  I know it is a steak house, but isnt like every restaurant in Vegas a type of steak house?  Therefore I had to stop eating steak at some point and try something else.  Can I say underwhelmed?  Lack flavor and just not worth the price tag.  My husband ordered the bison strip. It was eh, but the sauce was amazing.  Yum! I'd say the real star of the meal were the rolls they give you at the beginning of the meal!  I'd give it another try next time i'm in town because I love Tom Colicchio.
4	Scallops were perfect. My corn side dish was amazing and I'd eat the entire thing by myself if I could. My friends enjoyed their filets and chicken. Would I go back? Of course.
3	If I could give it a 3.5 stars I'd do that instead.For this trip to Vegas I decided to try out Craftsteak because of two things; 1) my buddy Henzel highly recommended it and, 2) Cherlynn N, a "friend" of mine through Yelp also gave it a 4.5 stars and not only do I love her reviews but our tastes are very similar when it comes to eateries.I would have also started my review exactly the way Cherlynn N wrote her first paragraph about Craftsteak (except for the bf part) and Tom Colicchio on Top Chef.Now let me break it down.Atmosphere was excellent except for the cold air condition draft that was blowing direct to my gf.  Otherwise it was hip, good lighting, and the noise level was good where we could talk to each other without yelling across the table.We decided to go with the pre fixe meal of $140 each for the wagyu beef selections.  This pre fix includes a cup each of their lobster bisque, 3 half orders of any of their salads, 3 half orders of any of their sides, 3 dessert.  Being the wagyu filet my lady decided to get was just $105 by itself, this pre fix deal is worth it!The bread - 5 stars.  Let's say they were like freshly baked hawaiian bread but only lighter, brushed with butter on top and sprinkled with sea salt.  We would go back to Craftsteak just for this bread!  You get six pieces at the table.  We asked for another tray and also had an order to-go.  Ain't no shame to our game!Lobster bisque - 3 stars.  I was so looking forward to this as it's knows as one of their signature dishes.  While it was tasty it was overly "herbed".  That blew it.  The bisque at Farallon in SF is much better.Appetizers: Caesar salad, Roasted beet salad, Italian Buffalo Mozzarella.  The Caesar was very good.  It's not chopped romaine lettuce but served whole leaf.  The dressing is tasty and light.  I would order that again.  The beet salad was also very good.  Various different types of beets.  Another order again.  The mozzarella fell flat, not big deal.Oh and we also ordered the seared scallops which were very tasty.Two glasses of wine and we were ready for the 2nd half of the meal and that's where things actually went relatively downhill.Sides: mushroom assortment, potato puree, spinach.  All three to me were really no big deal.  So not much to write about here.Steaks:  As I said my lady had the wagyu filet while I decided to order the wagyu skirt, their most popular cut.  This is what I hated.  Both steaks came served to us ALREADY CUT INTO PIECES!!  This is like the cardinal rule of steak!  Pre-cut steak just lets all the juices out.  WTH?  Why do they do that?  So I tried to let that go and just hope that the taste of the steaks make up for it.  It didn't.  I just couldn't tell the difference between wagyu and a nice choice cut.  Made me think that wagyu continues to be overrated in my book or I just still haven't found a meat establishment that can win me over about wagyu beef.Dessert:  So we had the popular monkey bread and they gave us 3 other complimentary desserts; a lemon thing, two scoops of ice cream (strawberry and lemon), and a small dish of fruit.  By then we were already stuffed and had a few bites of each.  Again no big deal.Bottom line:  Craftsteak will still be on our list to go the next time we're in Las Vegas.  But instead, we would sit at the bar, have a couple serving of their bread, some appetizers and continue on with the evening plans from there.Sorry Tom - Please pack your knives and go.  And don't ever cut my steak again!
4	service, food, and ambiance was great!
4	I really like this place! The layout, atmosphere and ambiance is just right. The bartender is topnotch. Out booth was very intimate and our waiter was very attentive and professional. I really wanted to try every single appetizer on the menu, and this is what I should have done. Yes, our scallops appetizer was fantastic, and our entrees (New-York and Rib-Eye) were cooked to perfection. And the side dishes are not your usual steakhouse side dishes, not to get into the details (see the menu online) Bare in mind that the meat are a good portion, and If you order generous sides, it will be a challenge finishing the meal...Unless you have just ran around the Las Vegas airport and you are super hungry! Next time, we will focus more on the appetizers and less on the main course...By the way, their wine and booze menu is over the top. There is a serious Single-Malt selection my friend! As the matter of fact, I believe their drink menu is about 20 times mores extensive then the menu...If you like the good stuff....
2	Overrated. First off, the waitstaff "team" of Victor and Blas were awful. Victor doted on a party of 5 next to me. When he realized he was taking too long without ever greeting us, he held a finger up to me as if to say "one minute" as he walked by. Have you lost the power of speech? Speaking of which, his "helper" Blas then came over, barely explaining anything about the menu. His presentation was further hampered by the fact that his words were completely incomprehensible. But, onto the food. The arugula salad had a dressing on it that was saltier than anything I've ever tasted. The ribeye was cooked nicely, but was barely above room temperature. Their fries, which were supposed to be seasoned with paprika and vinegar lacked any of the latter. The high point of the meal was the sorbet. Completely disappointing for someone who has been to Old Homestead, Delmonico's, Delfrisco's, Gallagher's, The Palm, and so on...
5	YUM! I went here a couple weeks ago with my boyfriend. We walked in around 7 pm with no reservation and they seated us immediately.  I had the lobster seaweed salad, it was fresh, light, and Yummy ! It filled me up but didn't make me bloated or too full, I still wanted to look cute in my tight dress! We also ordered the asparagus, golden mashed potatoes and a steak (I cant remember which one :(). It is dark and rustic romantic inside, the lighting is cool. I will be returning and recommend this place to everyone.
3	We decided to try Craftsteak because my husband and I wanted to have an amazing dinner and because I like Tom Colicchio. The restaurant was beautiful, hip, and very romantic. The food was just alright. Yes, the bread is very good and so was the potato puree...but everything else was just average. I wanted to love it and for the price I really wanted to love the food. I will say that the service was amazing. The steak was average, we've had better. If you're looking for a romantic restaurant to impress your date this is the place, if you want really good food I'd go somewhere else.
3	Was excited to eat here - love Top Chef!  The service was fantastic and although we had a reservation, there were plenty of tables available so I don't think it was necessary.  The top things about it were:  the bread, the caesar salad, the ribeye was great, the monkey bread dessert was really good.  The disappointments - the potato gratin was dry and tasteless, the spinach nothing great and the mushrooms were dry.  I would say I was satisfied but not blown away.  I give it a B-.
5	Went to CraftSteak with my wife, brother in law and his significant other right before the Rolling Stones concert at MGM.  The place was packed and the atmosphere was warm and bustling.  My wife and her brother started with superb tang10 martinis, with perfect blue cheese olives, and we ordered the wageiyu surf and turf taster menu for the table.  It was out of this world.  lobster, perfectly done in a buttery broth of morel mushrooms and peas...tender and moist...amazing, then filet, hanger and ribeye...cooked a perfect rare, melt in your mouth goodness.  The sides were perfect...we especially liked the mushrooms.  Desserts were incredible, with the ice creams and sorbets leading everyone's favorite list, but the monkey bread and peanut butter something, and lemon cheesecake were s good we couldn't help but eat them despite being so full as to risk food coma....All in all one of the top ten diners I have ever had, and I have had some truly wonderful meals around the world.   The service was terrific, despite the crowd, with a team of four tag teaming us.  While we have sworn off beef for a week or so, simply because we had a surfeit this time, I would go back for the next special event!  Love the ambience, and the whole experience....and the stones concert was a perfect end to a perfect evening....
4	Amazing food, outstanding service, great bar staff.It's a bit loud, and if you have a large group, you'll pretty much be resigned to talking to the people immediately around you, but that's ok.
5	Best steak tartars in las vegas. Would eat here everyday if it were closer to home! The servers go above and beyond to make your evening exceptional!
5	Let me start off first with how excellent the service was that we received.  Our server's name was Kevin, and he also had a helper named Olga. He was honest, funny, and made me and my boyfriend feel comfortable dining at Craftsteak.It was my boyfriends birthday weekend in Vegas and I reserved a table at Craftsteak. I had to change our reservation 3 times because we were running late but they were still very kind on the phone and had no problem with it. The interior atmosphere was amazing. It gave off a very calm and serene feeling with warm accents. It was not too loud, and we were seated in a round booth that had privacy on both sides while still being able to look out at most of the restaurant. The restaurant is actually a lot bigger than it seems from the outside. We were seated and I asked for recommendations on the wine and Kevin was very knowledgeable throughout the entire dinner, giving us suggestions that went with what we liked and had already ordered. My boyfriend ordered the Big Reds of Cali which included Brothers Ridge, Ladera, and Stuhlmmuller Vineyards which was 60$ total for all three glasses. The wine was delicious and they poured a good amount.We ended up getting the pre-fixed meal of $140 per person for the Domestic Wagyu beef selections. Within the meal we were each given a cup of lobster bisque soup, allowed to pick 3 half order salads, 2 different Wagyu beefs, 3 half order side dishes, and a variety dessert. For salads, we chose the Handcut Wagyu Tartare which was AMAZING, the Prosciutto, and the Persian Cucumber salad. For the sides, we got the Potato Puree which was very creamy and flavorful, Assorted Mushrooms, and Asparagus. For the meats, we got the 10 oz. Wagyu Filet rare and 14 oz Wagyu Ribeye medium rare. The steaks were already cut, which probably made it cool off faster, but we thought that it was still delicious. It came out the perfect temperature on a skillet. For dessert we were given the Cinnamon Monkey Bread [with a nicely written happy birthday on it], a scoop of Cranberry Buttermilk Sorbet, and Banana Rum Ice cream, White Chocolate Cheesecake (my favorite), and an assortment of Farmers Market Fruit.Throughout the whole time we were ordering, Kevin kept giving helpful suggestions to what we liked that made us feel like he truly wanted us to have a great dining experience. For example we wanted the tartare, the prosciutto, and my boyfriend wanted to try the warm frisee, which had bacon in it. Kevin wisely told us maybe we should go with a Persian cucumber salad to balance out how many different types of meats we would be eating. Turns out his years of working there had paid off and it was the right choice to go. He also recommended the well known potato puree, and when I asked about the Maui Onions, he immediately said you dont want to get that because your meal already comes with onions on the side. Wonderful! Most servers wouldnt even let you know that.. And finally the funniest part was when he said to make some sliders with the bread rolls by assuring us that putting in the meat and some potato puree, we would undoubtedly melt in our seats because of how amazing it tastes. This surely happened..It was by far one of the best steakhouses we have ever been to with excellent service, and absolutely worth the money. I would recommend getting the prefixed meal because the quality of the food most definitely amounts to what you pay for it.The only problem is, it was pretty difficult for us to finish all that food. We tried to eat all of the steak because we knew it probably wouldn't taste as good to go, but we ended up taking a lot of the sides to go. Kevin even gave us 6 more fresh rolls of the bread to go! We probably died and went to heaven eating at Craftsteak and will most certainly without a doubt come back again.
5	We had a great experience. The rolls were to die for. Steak was flavorful and nearly fork tender. We have recommended Craftsteak to many friends and all of them have enjoyed it as much as we did!
4	Huge portion of lobster bisque. Delicious with huge chunks of lobster. Yum!Also had the stuffed squid... which was interesting... not my fav. Pan seared scallops were cooked perfectly. I got the hanger steak which had great flavor and thin. just the way I liked it. Also got the ribeye steak.. it was delicious.Got the lemon tart and the earl grey ice cream (my fav!) for dessert and they were both yummy.Great ambiance for date night. Must go!
5	Went to Vegas for my birthday weekend and had my eye on Craftsteak for months in advance.  Disclaimer: I am a big fan of Tom Colicchio and Top Chef.  After watching him critique up-and-coming chefs for years I wanted to see if he had the goods. Craftsteak did not disappoint.  I am no expert in fine dining, but I really enjoyed the experience.  Beautiful dining room, perfectly lit, energetic crowd buzz but at a reasonable volume.  The service was awesome and the food was better than I expected. We went with the domestic wagyu beef tasting menu which was spot on.  Just sat back with our drinks and let the servers deliver amazing dish after dish to our table.  FYI, Wagyu really does taste better than regular prime cuts.  And the portions were no joke.  After delicious lobster soup, three appetizers, a full ribeye and a full filet mignon, and three amazing side dishes, they brought out four desserts and I almost exploded from being so full.  I picture tasting menu's as wimpy portions but this was the total opposite.  I don't think a party of 4 could have finished all the food we were served.  Bill was around $450 including tip for party of 2, but I felt like I got my money's worth.  A 100% worthwhile experience if you have the coin.
2	I have experienced better. Some stand out that didn't make our 665.00 bill for 4 a total disaster. But won't be back. Cept maybe for:Lobster bisque - when it was brought out warm, (we had to do a re-do) it was lovely! Cocktails - yum! And the bartender made an old timey drink my hubby loves and it was divine. Vegetable side dishes were cooked simply and well. Sadly, the steaks and starch sides were SO SALTY it was a true bummer. We wrote the restaurant and after 2 weeks. No reply. I kind of feel a little robbed.  It was a very busy night over Memorial Day weekend so we must have had a run of bad luck. :-( Oh and service was very pleasant, but a little late on clearing items. From the table. Probably because we didn't eat much. I had to call them over to take the salt licks away,
5	If I could give this an infinity star rating I would.  We are definitely Tom Colicchio's fans, and were completely and utterly satisfied and impressed with the food, the service, and the ambiance.  We never had a want or need that wasn't satisfied before we could have thought it up.I'm listing what we ate in case you encounter the same menu--they do print it daily as the ingredients will change depending on the season, etc.Here is what we were served with the $140 per person "Domestic Wagyu" dinner:First Course:Shrimp Cocktail Persian Cucumber SaladPinkerton AvacadoProsciutto San DanieleLet me start by saying OH MY GOSH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The shrimp cocktail were quite scrumptious, although didn't hold a candle to the rest of the plates.  The Persian Cucumber salad was delightfully perfect, the pinkerton avacado was amazing! and the Prosciutto San Daniele was an unexpected surprise on the taste buds.  We were extremely happy with this course and couldn't imagine what the next course would bring.Second Course: We chose the Skirt Steak and the Ribeye, with our three sides as follows: Potato PureeAsparagusArtichoke HeartsThe skirt steak and ribeye were absolutely perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The ribeye was my favorite as it was a meaty party in my mouth, while my husband preferred the skirt steak (if we ABSOLUTELY had to choose one over the other, there's where it lies).  The potato puree is something you have to order.  If you don't, you will have completely missed out on the best potato you have ever eaten.  Heaven on a spoon.The Asparagus was the most under seasoned, but it seemed intentional as there were so many other flavors and salts going on, it was needed to balance the plate.  And the Artichoke hearts were definitely there to balance as well.  They packed a punch and were quite delicious with the meal.Third Course: And last, but definitely not least, DESSERT!We were presented with a bowl of chocolate ice cream and raspberry sorbet, a fruit plate, chocolate souffle with mint chip ice cream, and from the staff since it was our wedding night, a complimentary monkey bread with caramel/walnut sauce with vanilla bean ice cream.  We were really too stuffed to eat any dessert at all, but given the price you MUST! :)  they were TO DIE for.  We finished most of it and didn't regret a bite.  If you are looking to celebrate something in Vegas and want to experience the best of the best, go to Craft Steak!!
4	One of the top steakhouses I have been to. Food is great and love the atmosphere.
5	i can't believe it's been a whole year since i've returned..But the wait was worth every bite..If you have a chance check out the a5 wagyu rib cap, melts like butter in your mouth..Worth every $$$$ the service the atmosphere, it's one of the BEST steakhouses on the strip
5	I had the dry aged ribeye, with arugula salad. The steak was so tender I could have cut it with a fork.
4	Excellent service, cocktails and oysters!
3	CraftSteak was the most disappointing of the restaurants I visited while in Vegas, a trip that also included stops at Sensi, the Mesa Grill, Sage, and Emeril's, among other places.  The spring Garlic Soup that I had was very good, as was my date's Manhattan, which she insisted I try -- a perfectly poured cocktail.  But where CraftSteak let me down was where it couldn't afford to let me down -- my steak was mediocre.I ordered the T-Bone at the suggestion of my waiter. I ordered it medium rare.  The steak came out medium rare on one side, and close to well-done on the other.  When you're charging $56 for a steak, it needs to be cooked correctly, and mine simply wasn't.  The steak was also oddly under-seasoned.Very disappointing.  If not for the good (though not great) service, and the very good soup and cocktails, I would have left very angry.Also, anyone else notice that Yelp's got the name of the restaurant misspelled?
4	Tasty
5	A wonderful experience at Craftsteak in Vegas. I would say WAY MORE enjoyable the one in LA because everything just taste a lot better here. I went with a group of 5 where we ordered their set dinner(the $140) one where it was simply amazing. We ordered 4 sets of the dinner where we could try each of the steak. Before I start explaining the food, they provide you with AMAZING dinner roll...that I simply claim that I would come back just to eat dinner rolls. The dinner roll was so soft that I didnt think bread can have this kind of melting texture with some sea salt on top. You can add their butter to it to make it even more amazing(but it would taste amazing even without it). Yes...I ate 5 and yes my waiter asked me if I wanted more and my answer is obvious. I had it for breakfast the next day when I was a bit buzz...microwaved it for 15 secs soooo goood still.Back to topic, you won't feel ripped off when you get the dinner for $140 set because it comes with A LOT. There are 2 salads, prosciutto AND the most amazing of all the Beef tar tare which is WOW....they give you two toasted bread which was toasted perfectly. I don't know what to say because it was that gooddddd. Omg... I want some right now. Came with 4 steaks which all of them were REALLY GOOD. YOu can tell how good the quality of the steaks are but my favorite is the skirt steak. That is just me of course. They already cut the steaks for you which you would think that all the juices will be good but it isnt...Regardless if you haven't had it you might want to try the $140 deal once(or any other deals they have )The crazy part was that we were so full before we even finished the steaks...(must be the dinner rolls :p) but we barely could hold our ground after finishing the entrees.  The waiter came with 3 desserts at first and I was like ah dude...I think we got this. The waiter eventually came back with another waiter and came back with 6 OTHER desserts. From gelatos to cakes to tarts. We were done. I say that this might be another way to have a happy ending besides you know what in Vegas. I'll come back one day Crafsteak.
2	This is a hard review to score. Went twice in one week - once as a group of 6  and once as a romantic twosome.The group meal was fun - spent $4K on wine - had the tasting menu which was chaotic but pretty good.  Not GREAT tho. The sommelier was FANTASTIC.  Say 3 stars.The romantic birthday dinner was a puzzle. Again - The sommelier - another guy - was FANTASTIC.Our waiter was the pits. Bread, then menus, still on drinks when food starts to arrive, not a single "how is everything check in" and then the topper - walking quickly by our table - drops the cheque and continues on. NOT. ONE. WORD.If we were demanding loud jerks I wold sort of understand. BUt we are not. We are Canadians for heaven's sakes. :)For about $350pp you expect better.
2	Each time i visit a new city, one of the first things that i check is if one of my favourite contestants from Top Chef has opened up a restaurant in that particular city.  Well, i thought it was about time to switch our focus from contestants to judges.  I will admit that when i first started watching Top Chef, i had never heard of Tom Colicchio, i blame part of it on being Canadian.  So on our recent trip to Vegas we made sure to make a reservation at Craftsteak.  We walked from the Trump hotel, and really underestimated how long the walk would take.  We were about 10 minutes late, but luckily and surprising the restaurant was behind schedule.  We ended up waiting an additional 15 minutes to be seated.  Upon walking into the restaurant it was grand, and the sheer size was impressive.  Our server shortly came over and we both placed a drink order for a pomegranate martini.  The drink had pomegranate, lime and tequila.  The drink wasn't memorable, it was very straightforward, i was expecting something different for $15.  I did appreciate though how each drink came in a mini shaker and was poured tableside.  For our mains, we both ordered a steak (sorry i dont remeber the cut), and 2 sides per person.  I had the sunchokes, and shiitakes, and my sis had the fingerling potatoes, and mushrooms.  We debated about how many sides we should order, they averaged about $15 each, i would've preferred one each but i was expecting the portion size to be miniscule.  This is my issue, a server works at a restaurant day in and day out, they are experts, and when we ordered our mains and four sides, he should have stepped in and and be honest and say that that would be enough for two linebackers, not too young ladies.  I have read Waiter Rant, i know that servers drive up the bill for a bigger tip, but if he was straight forward and suggested something lighter, for a similar price, i would have respected him.  Our food arrived to the table and the steak look great, but the only thing that i could look at were the sides, and how i just wasted so much of my hard earned money on food i knew that i couldn't finish.  Each side was good but at the end of the day it was roasted in fat, and served, that was it, it was very basic.  I was unimpressed with the entire concept of the restaurant.  I know that it is a steakhouse, so you order your meat and sides, but the whole meal was disjointed, it was simply meat, mushrooms, and starch.  I wish that there was a sauce to bring the entire meal together.  I wanted to eat at Toms and get his vision, i didn't get it, i was so disappointed.Overall, i am going to use a line of Toms that i recently heard him recite on Top Chef, "you go to a restaurant for the food, and you return for the service", unfortunately i wont be going back for either.
5	Best service in Vegas!  This review is LONG overdue.  My husband and I made a trip to LV in October of 2012 and we made advance reservations at several restaurants we wanted to try.  One of these was Crafsteak.  We made the reservation on Open Table, and noted in the comments that my husband has a food allergy.  We arrived about 10 minutes early and we were seated immediately by a very warm hostess.  The place has a surprisingly laid back ambiance and the booths are HUGE and very comfortable.  When our waitress came to the table she immediately indicated that she was aware someone at the table had a food allergy and that she would gladly accommodate and make sure the kitchen was aware as well.  I wish I had written this review sooner so that maybe I could remember her name, but she was an excellent waitress.  Extremely attentive and knowledgeable, and incredibly kind.We decided to have the Domestic Wagyu Surf & Turf 3-course menu, along with the wine pairings.  With this menu you have no idea what you will get for each course, it is the chef's selection.  The food was AMAZING!  We got the wagyu tartare and a tomato salad for the appetizer course.  The tartare was perfectly salty and delicious! For the main course we got several cuts of steak, a lobster tail, and a variety of side dishes, including the mushroom assortment and french fries.  The lobster was tender and sweet, cooked to perfection.  The steaks melted in your mouth, were super flavorful, and were cooked exactly medium-rare, as we ordered them.  For dessert we got an assortment of house-made sorbets, as well as the cinnamon monkey bread.  The monkey bread was meant only for me as my husband could not eat it, so the sorbets were meant for him (but of course I tried the sorbets as well).  The sorbets were perfectly tart and refreshing.  The monkey bread was very tasty, just a little too sweet for my liking.  I don't have much of a sweet tooth, so sadly I could only take a couple of bites, but if sweets are your thing, give it a shot.I cannot rave enough about the quality of the food and the service at Crafsteak!  My husband still dreams about that lobster tail, and he tells anyone on their way to LV that they have to eat there.  My only complaint (if I must write one), is that the amount of food that comes with the 3-course menu is just too much for 2 people.  It's impossible to finish it all, and some of the items just wouldn't be good reheated.  We made sure to finish our favorites and had them pack up the items we could reheat, but still left a good amount of food on the table, which felt wasteful.  Keep in mind they are bringing out full portions of every item, including multiple steaks and sides.  I suppose that makes it worth the money, but if it were more like a tasting menu (smaller portions) it would be perfect.Last comment (I promise!)... save your pennies because it's definitely on the pricey side, but you are absolutely getting what you pay for.  It's worth every cent!
5	This is a great place if you really want to have a great meal or impress your guests. Service and staff are top notch. You will absolutely be taken care of. The food is a la carte, so don't plan on your own individual meals. Recommended items are Kobe Beef items and yukon potatoes, although absolutely nothing disappoints. Bartenders are amazing, and you wont be disappointed with any drinks you order. While the restaurant itself is on the pricier side, it is absolutely worth every penny. Definitely a must go to place for a nice dinner while on the Las Vegas strip.
5	Holy moly - run, don't walk to get these 24-hour braised shortribs! I have been dreaming of returning to Craftsteak to devour this dish after visiting last year. The meat is fall-apart tender, and the au jus has the most amazing flavor. The bartender told me the secret to making them even better (I wasn't sure this was possible!) was to take the rolls that were served with dinner - split them in half & put the shredded meat on there to make mini-sliders. I don't know how it was possible to make it even better, but it did!! Insanely good.The bartender offered to do a small/half portion of one of the sides for me, and even the small portion was very generous. I will be dreaming of these shortribs until my next visit! YUM.
5	Off the hook expensive and good.  We rolled in and purchased the A5 Wagyu beef a la carte and it was incredible.    You can argue it was too expensive but the steak melted in my mouth and I could cut it with a fork.    Amazing!
4	Excellent experience here. Great service, incredible steaks and 24 hour shortrib, excellent desserts (apricot sorbet blew my mind). Loved the caesar salad, too. The only slight disappointment were the sides, specifically the hen of the woods mushrooms and garlic potato gratin-- both were very oversalted. The potatoes had good base flavor, but they were sliced a little too thick. Definitely worth checking out.
5	We've been here a handful of times but hadn't returned for about 2 years because the host service was awful.  Even with reservations the host made us wait over an hour and kept saying, "it will just be 15 more minutes."  Because of this, we were hesitant to return but thankfully on this visit we were seated right away and had no problems.  As always, the food was amazing.  People always complain about the price but I think if you want quality food, you have to pay for it, and in Vegas everything in expensive. There is a Chef's Selection Menu for a set price per person and this gives you a certain amount of starters, entrees, and desserts but I'm glad the four of us did not choose this option because it would have been far too much food.Two of us started with lobster bisque which was absolutely fantastic, we all ordered a steak, and then we all shared 2 sides which were large.  Then we each ordered a dessert.  My sister-in-law and I both ordered the monkey bread because we didn't want to share the amazingness. You must try it!  It's the best dessert in the world. The husbands each had two scoops of very good ice cream.  Afterward we were so stuffed!  Service was great and I look forward to returning.
5	This is the first time I have taken the time to write a review for a restaurant.  It was so impressive that taking the time to offer deserved praise and recommend others enjoy it too was necessary.  The entire experience was top notch.  Obviously the food needs to be great to qualify as a great restaurant. Check.  Everything was amazing.  From the fresh bread, appetizers, entrees to dessert each course was impressive in its own right.  I haven't ever been to a restaurant that got so much right.  The service was stellar.  I worked as a waiter through college at some nice restaurants so I expect good service at expensive restaurants.  Its stunning how many restaurants allow the front of the house experience to be blown by a shitty server.  The service here was fantastic.  Clearly the dining room manager is on their game.  The staff was knowledgeable, helpful and attentive without being intrusive.  Well-trained, well-managed and well-hired.  Great.  Finally, I'm I don't subscribe to architecture or design magazines or anything so its not like I usually care all that much about decor. However some restaurants just have a great look and feel and others just don't.  Example: the night after Craftsteak we went to Bobby Flay's restaurant Mesa Grill because my wife is a fan.  Mesa Grill felt like we were sitting on top of each other (this isn't SF where space is limited, its the desert, everything is huge). Mesa Grill had the ambiance of an upscale Denny's.  wtf.  By contrast, sitting in Craftsteak you felt like you were in an upscale classy, elegant steak house in a resort destination; which you are, so it should look and feel like it.  Very cool, very laid back atmosphere.  Overall I give this restaurant a 10.0.  We eat out a LOT and at some great locations. This was one of the best restaurant experiences ever.
5	It was my first time here at this restaurant with a group of girls for a bachelorette party and let me tell you it was an awesome experience! The waiter was very helpful with recommendations. I ordered the new york strip steak and my friend ordered the braised beef both cooked perfectly as ordered. My other friend ordered a hanger steak which ended up being a little rarer than she was comfortable with (although I personally thought it tasted amazing). The waiter even brought us a desert on the house for the bride and a lot of extra bread to eat with our left overs. Be warned, this place is on the pricey side but It was absolutely worth it.
4	Amazing skirt steak, huge portions, and a very accommodating staff. I went with a friend and we were seated against the wall in a booth that allowed for really fun people watching. We split the aforementioned skirt steak, which I highly recommend. Other highlights include the mushroom assortment and asparagus. We ordered way too much! We would have been totally stuffed with the steak and a single side. On the upside, we had awesome leftovers the next morning. Minus one star for the outdated decor-- the place has that tacky Vegas look that doesn't match the food quality.
4	the steak and lobster were both amazing! definitely one of the best steaks i've ever had. the steak was juicy and the lobster dipped with butter was just to die for. we had reservation for dinner right after it opened so we didnt have to wait at all. we had a show to catch at 7 and told the waiter that and he made sure that we would be done with our dinner before then so we'd make our show on time. He definitely kept his promise. Customer service was supreme. we had two waiters who catered to us. both were very knowledgeable with the food, wine, and steak. One guy was even giving us a history lesson on vegas and the strip and the casinos...so that was super interesting!
4	Good but to really appreciate it you must be ready to spend
2	I was so excited to try this place as our fancy spot during our Vegas trip.  The service was impeccable!  Pretty fast, attentive and friendly.  However the food wasn't, sorry servers :/The server said the ribeye was quite popular so we went with it, medium rare. Out of the seafood she recommended the halibut or scallops (should've went with the scallops).The ribeye was ookay.  It was pretty chewy and and parts of it were really difficult to cut with the knife. It seemed a tad over medium rare, but I could not understand why it felt kind of stringy.  They cut it for us so maybe they didn't let it rest enough? I have no idea.  For the price, we expected perfection and I could've easily made something more tasty and tender :/Also no sides come with it.Halibut was overcooked.  I was so excited to see what perfect halibut tasted like. The buttery sauce was tasty, but couldn't really overlook the dry stringiness.  I was full after the steak and really should've just left it alone, it wasn't really enjoyable to eat.  I mean, it even -looked- overcooked when we got it.  We also got the arugula salad, which wasn't mindblowing. It was fresh, it was okaay. I had to have some grass to munch on.In hindsight I should've a) sent back both dishes or at least the halibut (but we were running late so didn't want to wait for a new order, and the dinnermate had finished half the halibut already & we were pretty full already) and b) ordered the 24 hr braised short ribs (because it would seriously take skill to get that wrong), but my dinner mate doesn't like ribs. (WHAT THE FK I cannot even comprehend and must rethink the relationship.  Infuriating. Anyway.)Probably the best part of the meal was the bread (well, smelling it for me, as I have a gluten allergy). Warm, fresh, buttery, beauuutifully crispy on top with sea salt and so soft inside. Jesus, I have never missed bread more.Ah well, probably an off day/meal.
5	If you're ever in Vegas, this is one of the best Streak places I've been to (and I've been to a lot in Vegas).  As expected, the service here is on point so I'll talk about the food:-Apps here are amazing.  Bread here is amazing.  I will warn you, though, don't get suckered into eating so much bread or apps becasue you won't have much room for the actual dinner.-We tried family style steaks, getting a little but of each steak craved up for us.  NY was good..Filet was juicy...ribeye was flavorful...but it is all in the flank. Yes, I said flank!  Ask the server put the flank next to you.  When you're done eating as much as you can, that's when you can offer the rest to the entire group.  Just think about it:  While all the amateurs are going for the filet, you'll be in steak heaven with the flank.  And yes...you can thank me later!I can't wait to go back on my next visit in Vegas!
5	My buddy and I had dinner here on Sat/13 Jul about 8:30 pm- We showed up without reservations and they got us a table immediately (when my buddy checked on-line earlier the only reservation times available I think were 5:30 pm and 10:15 pm).- For drinks we got the "Billionaire Cocktail" which was only $15/ea.  Good cocktail made with Booker's Bourbon but since the drink was pink/red-hued and inside a martini glass it looked as if we were drinking Cosmos.- The complementary bread rolls come out toasty and tasty.   - I had the hangar steak (rare) and as a side the pureed potatoes.  My buddy had some steak and as a side small potatoes.  It was delicious and a lot of food so we couldn't finish either potato side dishes.  - Service was prompt and attentive.
2	Oh Tom, how your restaurant disappointed me! And oh man what a wind bag I am with this single post!Was in Vegas for the 4th of July with some of my family and Craftsteak was picked for dinner one night. Now the wife and I are huge fans of the Top Chef series, so we naturally had high expectations for this restaurant. We were under no illusion that good 'ole Tom would be cooking for us,but with his brand stamped on the restaurant, it should have still been outstanding.The breakdown:First course-2 orders of the hand cut Wagyu Tartare - this was fairly tasty but it wasn't outstanding. I would have expected a bit more depth of flavor given it is at minimum a Wagyu/Angus blend.Arugula Salad - simple but very tasty - not the crappy Arugula I get from Trader Joe'sHeirloom Tomato Salad- really just sliced heirloom tomato's, but they were goodBuffalo Mozzarella Salad - I didn't eat this but the sister-in-law seemed pleased with it.Second Course-Porterhouse for two - My wife and I shared this meal (as designed) and we were wholly unimpressed. The meat did have the slight funky essence (a good thing) that comes from dry aging but man was this thing under seasoned. Also, beyond the slight pungency, there was really no other flavor there. I mean, if I can grill a non-prime cut t-bone in my backyard and get more flavor out of it, there is something wrong here. Who knows, maybe an off day or a bad cut, but at $96 that should not have happened.My bro and his wife order the same porterhouse, but ask that after grilling to a med-rare, take 2/3rds of the filet portion and grill to med-well for his wife. They seemed to like their steak (he picked the place so he wouldn't complain :-) but the server totally forgot their instructions and they had to ask them to take the filet portion back to be grilled further. At a place such as this, you should not have a forgetful server.Braised Short Ribs - My other bro ordered this and it was really a knockout. I am not a huge braised meat fan because usually the meat has such an intense wine flavor that it drowns out the meat flavor. This version really had the perfect balance and I can understand why it is a signature dish.SidesBaby Spinach - meh, it is baby spinach with garlic. No real finesse here but edibleBaby Shitake - pretty good flavor, would order again. You really want the mushrooms to shine and I think they accomplished this.White Corn Grits - I love smoky bacon/pig flavor and this had it. The problem is that is all it had - the pork totally overwhelmed the dish..I mean really no balance whatsoever. ServiceI mentioned the slip up earlier, but the service was really not up to par. It seemed like the servers got board of us and were not particularly attentive. I've eaten in some very suspect joints in my life, but in those cases I expect little or no service. Here, it should have been top notch and it was not. I don't want to feel like I was bothering the server, but that is what we all felt like at the end of the meal.I might consider going here again just to see if this was really an off night or if it was par for the course, but there are so many other options in Vegas I cannot really see that happening. Here's hoping you have better luck and that Tom stops in and teaches his chef's how to season properly!
2	I was hoping for the best but the Steaks were NOT worth the price!! Go to CUT instead!
4	We had reservations @ 7:15pm. . . We were seated in a booth, which made it better.  The place was pretty full.The ambiance was romantic and modern.Kevin, our waiter was AWESOME! He was very informative and friendly.  Service with a smile and personality! Very personable! Thanks!We had the lamb, duck, 32oz and 18oz steaks with the sides of the potato puree and mushroom melody. Steak was amazing! Juicy and flavorful.  I was kind of disappointed with the duck, it wasn't as crispy for my taste.  Servings were so humungous! We had tons of leftovers.the most memorable part of this dining experience was all the iphone owners raising their iphones as soon as we got notification of the thunderstorm that was happening and cheering! haha sooo funny! iphone users unite.  (which was most of the restaurant)
5	My husband and I decided last minute to go to Vegas on leap day in 2008 to get married.  On the drive to Vegas I booked a room at the MGM.  We arrived at the hotel in the early afternoon and then headed out to get a marriage license and get married.  When we returned to the hotel we were starving and not sure where to eat we decided on Craftsteak.  We put in a reservation and were reminded of a dress code for men.  It wasn't an issue because we were already dressed nicely, afterall we had just gotten married.  Anyway, we arrived on time and were quickly seated.  To our surprise, however, there was a man in the booth next to ours wearing shorts and a football jersey!  I think someone forgot to remind him of the dresscode.  The place was very dim, almost to the point where you couldn't see what was in front of you.  But we were in a great mood and didn't really think much about it until much later (months later in fact).  We ordered the 32oz porterhouse for 2, fingerling potatoes, bernaise sauce, and the warm frisee salad, which I don't think is on their menu anymore.  We also got a few drinks.  The porterhouse was brought to us already sliced into bite size cubes and then pieced back together again, which was nice.  It was perfectly seasoned and cooked.  The potatoes were delicous as well as the bernaise, which by the way I have yet to find a bernaise sauce that tasted as good at theirs.  Also very good was the warm frisee salad which had some thick pieces of bacon in there.  I checked out their current menu and unfortunately I don't see it there so that sucks.  My husband and I have been to a number of other steakhouses hoping to find a place that tops this but have yet to find one.  The food here was very good, but the price was up there.  It was about $250 for the 2 of us!  I can't recall if that included the tip or not, but I have a feeling it didn't because we both had a couple drinks each.  We'll definitely be coming back here again.  In the meantime we'll continue to look for a steakhouse in L.A. that compares.
3	First some disclaimers.  My rating is within the context of other, high end steak houses not all restaurants.  Second, it reflects both food and service and 3rd, I did not have the Wagyu beef which seems to be his signature item.My wife and I arrived for a Friday night, 8:30 reservation and were pleasantly greeted and seated.  After a few minutes our server came to the table, introduced himself and his "team".  So far so good.  Then he left to fetch some waters.Next a different server, part of his team arrived and promptly asked us for our order.  This is the first turn off.  How about a cocktail?  OH, sure he said and took our order.Came back with the drinks and then said ok are you ready to order?  Ah, no, we have not even sipped our drink yet.  He got the message and left.Returned before we were done and again asked for our order. Surrendering to the idea he was in a hurry to get us served and out, we ordered.Then, we over hear another waiter presenting the menu to the table behind us. He went over the prefix options, described the main courses and sides, etc.  Hey, we never got this.  I would have probably ordered the chefs selection after hearing about it.We got our food shortly after ordering.  We both had bone in rib eye and split a side of spinach.Steaks were cooked medium rare as requested.  They were appropriately fatty and tender.  I liked the slight application of a finishing salt on top and light dusting of a balsamic reduction with Thyme.  Overall, steaks were good, I would say competitive with other high end steakhouses but nothing that blew me away.  Ambiance is "Craftsman" reflecting the name I guess.  Kind of rustic I would say.Overall, an ok but not great experience dampened by the "bums rush" feeling we got from our server who was clearly the second team.
5	I got engaged here so I might be a little bias. But this place is great, their fanny bay oysters are the best oysters I've ever had. Ordered short ribs for an entree and that was equally delicious! My ring came at dessert so I barely ate any but the monkey bread looked delicious!
3	This place is really expensive. I know it's a steakhouse, but is it ok to use the term "meat-heavy"? I had a little bit of everyone's plate, and i definitely feel that the meat was lacking something. for my main dish I had the duck, which was good, but more on the greasy side. The cherries definitely help bring out the taste in the duck. However, i don't think I would come back here again. Not worth the money.
5	My boyfriend & I dined here on our recent trip to Las Vegas. We had been debating on which steakhouse to dine at as there were so many to choose from. We narrowed down our choices from (Delmonico, Mastros (we ate at the one in LA last year) and Craftsteak).We eventually settled on Craftsteak mainly because it had the most reviews (vs Delmonico) & Mastros was in an odd setting (in a mall), Do I think we made the right decision with Craftsteak?ABSOLUTELY. It was perfect from start to finish. We were running a tad late for our reservation so I called in advance to let the hostess know and she graciously seated us as soon as we arrived. The ambiance of the restaurant was beautiful.It didn't even feel like we were in a casino, which I worried about.We both started with starters:I had the Cesar salad & my boyfriend had the lobster bisque. The Cesar salad was just okay for me. I feel the price was steep for a salad (about the same for lobster bisque)-- & the anchovies weren't very good. The lobster bisque however was so good. Warm, decadent, and great presentation. The server brought out a bowl of chopped lobster and poured the soup over table side. The rolls were also very good. They reminded me of Hawaiian rolls, freshly baked with sea salt. I wish they asked if we wanted more because we gobbled them down quite quickly. For our main courses we ordered the rib eye and the scallops and the pureed potatoes.We shared everything. It was all cooked perfectly. The steak was perfectly juicy throughout. And the scallops were so evenly salted and cooked. The pureed mashed potatoes melted in your mouth like butter. The whole dinner was a complete experience. We wish we saved room for dessert. But even though we didn't, they brought out a lovely panna cotta with a candle for my boyfriend who was celebrating his birthday. Such a nice touch to a wonderful meal and experience. Would definitely dine here again! Definitely one of the highlights of our trips. :)
5	How to start this review? 1st. Went and gave my reservation and was immediately sat at our table.2nd wasn't sure what to eat but I knew I wanted a good steak so waiter suggested chefs menu.3rd was expensive but after few questions went with it.4th I left the selection up to him and boy did he did not disappoint 3-4 things off each course plus dessert selection to die for!With all that said this was easily best meal I've ever eatin. Yes it was expensive but well worth it. Think I will do it again before I leave Saturday.
3	We had mixed reviews about this place. In order from dishes I liked from best to worst, it would be the t-bone steak, rack of lamb, ribeye, duck and then the porterhouse. We also ordered sides of the potato puree and assorted mushrooms.I was pleasantly surprised at how tender and flavorful the t-bone was, and the rest of the table agreed. The duck portion was rather large, but the skin was not crispy and the cherries that accompanied the dish were too tart. Although the most impressive looking in size, the porterhouse was not tender, even though it looked it and was cooked medium rare. It also came with a bearnaise sauce that seemed a little too acidic and really didn't enhance the flavor of the steak. The potato puree was absolutely delicious - you can tell they put a lot of cream, butter and love into it. The assorted mushrooms were also very good and were a good compliment to the steaks.Our server, Kevin, was really friendly and gave us lots of options in order to get more bang for our buck in terms of amount of food for our group to share. But we knew our limits and I'm glad we didn't order too much because we still had leftovers. I didn't get to try the bread because I didn't want to fill up, but my friends said it was good and we got some to go and had it for breakfast the next day. I don't want to say the service was slow, but I did feel we waited awhile after we were done eating in order to get our food packed up and get our bill paid. But the overall service was amazing - they constantly filled our water glasses and various employees would stop by to ask if we needed anything. Not a bad steakhouse, but there are definitely better ones in Vegas.
2	Im a fan of Tom and suggested this place to our group of 6 but what a disappointment. The restaurant was uncomfortably cold. My beet salad had too many, esthetically pleasing, flavorless beets. My steak was not hot and my girlfriends was overcooked. (rare came out medium..) All the meat felt like it had been waiting too long to be served and the sides were also limp and only average. The service was slow and didnt have the professional touch I enjoy at other steakhouses. Maybe because we were seated at ten pm but its Vegas and at $125 per person for a table of 6 they could have treated us better! When the tip is included why does the service always suck?? We all agreed the food court would have made more sense..
5	Overall this is a 5 Star experience. The only thing that could knock it down would be that it is terribly overpriced. My dinner was comped by the casino so it wasn't a factor for this experience.Before I get started on this $410 dinner for two, I must begin with the service. It was flawless, and I actually mean that literally. We cousin and I watched the "busboys" measuring the distance between the chairs while they were preparing the tables for the next guests.I started with a glass of the Malbec. The server gives you a small pour directly from the bottle to makes sure it is up to your standards. I'm glad they do because it was terrible. The waiter suggested a Cabernet in its place. It was excellent (however I would feel badly turning down a second glass anyhow).I started with the lobster bisque. As mentioned in other reviews, I was served a bowl with many large chunks of lobster. The bisque was poured over the meat table side. Best lobster bisque I have had in my life...at $18 it should be. My cousin had the Kobe tartar. It's not my thing, but he said it was excellent. We also shared the sea scallops. Cooked perfectly, and tasted excellent.For the main course, I had the 18 oz rib eye with bone and my cousin had the filet. We really wanted a side of lobster, but they don't offer that so we split the 2.5 pound Maine lobster entree...back to that in a minute. I know this is getting to be redundant, but my steak, order medium rare plus was dead on. I don't know how they did it, but it was perfect. I compare all fine steaks to my favorite, Mastro's. Mastro's is still my number one, but this was a close second...excellent marbling, flavor, aroma. The filet looked great and was well received by my cousin. The lobster is presented shelled, in a light cream and chanterelle sauce. It was good, but they have got to be out of their minds charging $70 for it.The sides were average to above average. We enjoyed the potatoes au gratin, asparagus, and baby shitakes.My cousin finished it off with a cheesecake that he really enjoyed.No complaints here. The evening was flawless, free (minus tip) thanks to MGM, and no more overpriced than every other restaurant there.
5	We decided to check this restaurant out before a show.  We had reservations, and were a bit under-dressed for this place.  I would say at least a collared shirt.We ordered drinks, appetizers, and the main course. We skipped the dessert.  All the food was outstanding and some of the best we have ever had.  The service was very good as well.  My wife had the wagyu skirt steak that was absolutely amazing.  My mother in law had the lamb chops and she said it was the best she ever had.  I had fish, and it was cooked amazing as well.If you are going to be in the MGM, I would suggest making reservations.  You won't regret it.
5	Unbelievable experience!  Heard so many good things and my dinner Saturday night lived up to all the hype.  There were 5 of us seated for dinner and we all shared our steaks/sides.  The more the merrier because you can order more sides!  Highly recommend the rib eye and filet mignon.  For sides...MUSTS are the potato puree, pan-fried corn, asparagus, fingerling potatoes, caesar salad and the persian cucumber/watercress salad.
5	Food was unbelievable.  We had the domestic wagyu tasting and it was superb.  Yes it is pricey but if you can splurge I highly encourage you to do so!
5	This place deserves at least ten stars ! I don't even know where to begin but all I can say it was worth every penny!! Almost forty thousand pennies to be exact. My lover and I ordered a family style deal they had on the menu which came with an array of different appetizers, entrees and deserts. The rolls which are served in this small black skillet are wonderful. They melt in your mouth and I had to have the waitress remove them from the table since I am sure I would have consumed them all.  This is a must try place. Everything I was served far surpassed any expectations I had. I was in heaven.
5	Surf n turf filet w/ scallops, oysters and malbec = a happy kitty
5	came here for pre day anniversary dinner...great and professional service...steaks were amazing..got the domestic wagyu skirt steak, and my wife got the ribeye = very very good...lobster bisque was delicious as well were the two sides we got mash potatoes and shitaki mushrooms...would come back here again!
5	I've been here twice and let me say this place never disappoints. The atmosphere is warm and inviting. My guests and I always order the tasting menu. You better come here hungry because the food is presented family style. The selection amount of meats, appetizers, and sides with dessert is off the charts. You cant go wrong with anything you select here. Every dish tasted amazing and well prepared. What really stood out for me was the mushrooms, candied carrots and banana pie but also the delicious cuts of meat. I recommend this place to anyone who is interested in some outstanding food.
5	We had dinner at Craftsteak this past Saturday before we saw Absinthe at Ceasar's (which was amazing!).  We loved our romantic circular booth and the atmosphere of the restaurant.  We decided to go with the chef's tasting menu and went with the Domestic Wagyu Filet and Ribeye-both were amazing, melt in your mouth delicious.  They were the perfect medium rare and my husband and I both agreed they were among the best steaks we have had.  Our starters were the goat cheese dish with ratatouille (we LOVED it-great flavor, very complex), the Avocado Salad (also loved it, very tangy!), the pork belly (not our favorite) and Heirloom Tomatoes (we are not tomato people, but still thought this salad was perfectly seasoned and delicious).  Along with our steak we were served the Potato Puree (very good, but we aren't potato people either, very creamy!) and Brentwood Sweet Corn (so amazingly delicious we can't even describe it, tasted like popcorn, very fresh, sweet and slightly crunchy) and a mushroom assortment (just okay).  For dessert we had carmel monkey bread, fresh made sorbet, cheesecake with fresh vanilla whipped cream and a fresh fruit assortment-all were delicious, sweet and perfectly prepared.  It was a ton of food, but we did a good job:)  The food presentation was meticulous and so was the service.  We can't wait to go back the next time we are in Vegas and have already recommended it to all of our Vegas loving friends!
5	Had 3 course meal for 2 which included 3 appetizers, 2 steaks with 3 sides, and 3 desserts.  We asked for the lobster bisque after reading reviews on yelp and they added that in as well and WOW was that yummy!  We asked for a chocolate dessert as well and they added that too.  Needless to say, we could not finish everything and the service was excellent.Highly recommend.
5	Not a big steak person and sooo many choices in Vegas. We chose it b/c we we were seeing a show in same hotel. No regrets at all. DH pines for great Manhattans--wish fulfilled. Meal, service, and ambiance did not disappoint. Portions were more than adequate and everything cooked to perfection with attentive but not overbearing service. Just wish we'd had time to really take it all in...def recommend for a quiet, classy meal.
4	The BF and I decided to go all out for one dinner in Vegas and we chose Craft which came with some recommendations from friends.The food was amazing and the atmosphere is really divine. I'd go back in a heartbeat for the steak that melted in my mouth. Only 4 stars because the waiter was a little too pushy for my taste.
5	Besides the usual steakhouses thought we give this place a try.  Went in to the restaurant without any expectations.  We were seated by beautiful (hot) waitresses.  They were so hot it was like staring at the sun.  Ohh the food, yea was great (bone in rib eye)  and so was the service.  Worth the price and highly recommended.
5	After wassailing between 4 and 5 stars, it seems 5 stars is much more appropriate considering the group didn't eat one thing they didn't like and we ate there two nights in a row. One of Tom Colicchio's feature restaurants doesn't simply aspire to make great food. They start the diner off with an extensive wine, whiskey, beer and alcohol menu. Although very few wines find themselves south of $100 a bottle, a few great buys can be found to complement the meal. And if you are a scotch, bourbon, whiskey kinda guy (or gal), the list is almost too exhausting to review. As far as the food, in one word, decadent. From the charcuterie plate that could be a meal in and of itself to the whipped potatoes that seemingly have as much butter/cream as potato (in a good way) to the baby carrots drizzled in local honey to the steaks (all phenomenal, but we split the Wagyu Flat Iron), the group enjoyed every bite. Add a finishing layer of monkey bread, a cinnamon roll on steroids with velvety scoops of ice cream, and you may just need to retire early instead of testing your skills in the casino.
5	My favorite restaurant in the history of..ever! Is this place expensive? Yes. But I would say its completely worth it. Lobster bisque is completely amazing. Surf and turf excellent. I absolutely hate carrots..but here...I can eat half a plate of their honey glazed desert carrots. And the monkey buns and sour cream ice cream dessert....excellent. I dream about eating at this place when I am not in Vegas. My husband and I both agree...best food we have ever eaten.
3	Escorted by a beautiful hostess to my seat in a decidedly "steakhouse" atmosphere. Nothing too striking or amazing about the decor. Started with bread served in a cast iron skillet. Very good bread resembling a Hawaiian roll. I was hoping for a chef's selection or menu but they only have that for two or more (curses to traveling alone).My waiter recommended the scallops for an appetizer. For my first bite I experienced amazingly buttery scallops with a seasoned buttery flavor. However, when I finished my first scallop (of three) I found myself shifting from amazement to indifference to slight disapproval of the (basil?) herb and lemon undertone. The more I ate the more flavors I cTo me, I felt that the scallops on their own were so amazing, a simple butter sauce would be perfect with a tiny squeeze of lemon. But that's just me...I ordered the domestic Wagyu ribeye. It was a pretty bad steak. I read all the reviews of how amazing this place was so I came ready for a delicious experience and was quite disappointed. Uninspired was the word that came to mind. The beef had a dual personality. One side was rough and chewy. Chewy. It was a perfectly cooked medium but one side had a somewhat decent texture but the other end was downright ... Chewy. I didn't even finish my steak it was that bad. And this wasn't bad "for Wagyu". It was bad for steak. I've had way better steaks at Outback for fractions of the $105 price tag. For sides, I ordered spinach but was brought half corn and half spinach. Thanks GOODNESS for the corn!! The spinach was plain and boring. But once I had a bite of corn it almost made up for everything else. It was unbelievable!!!!! It reminded me of a gourmet BBQ. An assortment of flavors that WOWed me. I spoke up and the manager brought me a domestic Wagyu filet mignon. I'm writing to here so I haven't gotten it yet. The manager said he understood my taste on the steak is mine and valid. I appreciate how he tactfully said "these are amazingly expensive steaks so I don't know WTF your taste buds are telling you". Kudos to the politically savvy manager. I can only really compare my experience to mine at Sage a few months ago. It was a completely different experience from start to finish. I felt like I was in a luxury restaurant. I think 50 people came by my table every 45 seconds. Here, I felt almost like I was on an island. I guess I feel the same way about the MGM Grand Hotel that I do about craftsteak. It is nice but there are better, fancier, deliciouser places costing less. I'm still waiting for my replacement steak. I really would rather just pay the full check, leave, and chalk it up to a bad experience I probably wouldn't repeat (even if this was an off night and I got that one bad steak). As I sit here thinking, I think back to discussions I've had about what differentiates a professional from an amateur (other than money). A professional is consistent. Sure, amateurs may make a great play, take an amazing photo, or cook a great meal but it takes a professional to do it to a level of quality day in and day out. A bad day for a professional is still usually better than most amateurs. So even if this steak was an anomaly, a place of this caliber should not have too many nights that are this bad. With all that said and done, I will give this place a 3 instead of a 2 because I'm hoping they are usually much better and one poor review shouldn't dissuade anyone from trying them out. Now, if they have a bad experience then they can rate them a 2...OK I just finished my replacement filet. A finish able steak. Still don't feel it was worth the money but at least this was a good steak.When I got the bill, I was disappointed that the manager did not discount anything. Not that I expected it, but traditionally management would comp an appetizer or offer free dessert or something.
4	Had a great experience at Craftsteak in Vegas. I've been to Colicchio and Sons and that was another great meal. Had the rib eye and it was incredible. The only downside to the meal was we didn't love the sides (risotto) but everything else was superb. Marvin was our server and easily one of the best servers we have ever had.
5	This is one of my most favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. The skirt steak is UNREAL and pair that with their killer mashed potatoes or spinach and you have a recipe for a perfect dinner. The service here always consistent and best in class, plus they make a perfect martini with blue cheese olives.OH! and the bread! The gluten filled bread goodness is buttery crack that sets off all alarms in your brain that you are about to indulge in one delicious meal.
5	Totally ridiculous.  If you want to go to the best steakhouse in the world, go here.  I've been to Mastro's and Boa and Mortons, Black Angus (just kidding) and the rest are solid, but they're like the highschool baseball team playing against the Dodgers.  Amazing food, service and they have a great Bourbon selection.  Tom seems glib as hell on tv, but the man knows his steak!
4	The decor of the restaurant was unusual resembling a modern barn.  The service was excellent.  We ordered a calamari appetizer which was the worst that I have ever tasted.  Each Calamari was stuffed and as I cut into it, the stuffing would escape through the small orifice.  It looked unappealing and tasted worse.  I asked to send it back and the server explained she didn't think I was going to like it as it is often sent back.  The main courses were awesome.  The steaks were prepared as we asked and tasted great.  I would say overall I was expecting more because of the name.
5	One word: Delicious. Yes it's pricey, but you are paying for the experience, and I'd say, it is worth every penny. The steaks were cooked perfectly, the potato puree is the best I've ever had, and the service was excellent. I love the modern interior and it actually wasn't too loud inside, even with a party of 18 "frat boys" behind me. They even uncorked a blue label johnnie walker like it was nothing. Wine corking...sure? Scotch...AWESOME. Tom Colicchio...you've done well.
1	A big DISAPPOINTMENT. I love Tom Colicchio. I watch him religiously on Top Chef. I was really excited to dine here but... was upset when I left. I ordered the filet mignon, asparagus, wagyu tartare and oysters. The filet mignon was about $50 by itself. If the food is GREAT I never complain about the price. But it was just mediocre, therefore I feel ripped off. The asparagus.. nothing special, I believe was about $12 and the tartare was OK as well. The only thing that was good was the potato puree which my friend ordered, so I only got a few bites of it. Overall, WAY too expensive and not so mind blowing food. Don't care to come here again.
2	In one word, Disappointed! I'm sure, wait, I know you can find a better meal in Vegas. Dined at Craft this past week for a friends bachelor party. It was a slow Monday night so I expected the best. I work in a 4 star steak house so my expectations were high. They were not met. Service was ok. The sommelier was friendly and knowledgeable. Two of our 7 steaks were grossly overcooked. The server tried very hard to sell me on my overcooked steak. I'm guessing the som was also the manager since he was the one to take my steak back, otherwise a manager never became involved. My recook came right out, however the other overcook didn't come out till the end of the meal. We boxed it to take with us. They comped my friends steak which is not what we were looking for, just a really good meal. Seven restaurant workers and nobody was impressed. This says volumes about an establishment. Save your money and try somewhere else.
4	Steak was pretty unbelievable here!  While nothing we ordered really stood out beyond the steak on the menu, the steak is still a good enough reason to go.  Service was very good and as one would expect at a top restaurant.  A little thrown by the "family style" of serving items, but wasn't enough to turn me off.  Definitely recommend if craving meat in Vegas!
3	Full disclosure, I was more than a little drunk when we came here for dinner so my experience in reality could be completely different than what I recall.  I was on a double date and my date and I arrived early so we ordered drinks at the bar. A dirty martini and a beer - $40. REALLY!? I'll admit that the bartender was AMAZING and offered me blue cheese stuffed olives and they were delicious. Our friends showed up and they seated us at a table that was partially outside of the restaurant so we can see people walking by.  Not sure if I liked this or not, but I guess it didn't matter that much.  My date and I shared the NY Strip and ordered corn for our sides.  The steak seemed cooked a little more medium than the medium rare we ordered, but it was good.  Our sides were corn and scalloped potatoes. I was SEVERLY disappointed they didn't have mac n cheese. Fine dining steakhouse mac n cheese is the best!!  I had a really great time with my friends and my date, but the restaurant experience itself did not seem extraordinary for the exorbitant prices.
4	my favorite steakhouse, ever. i frequented the craftsteak in nyc whenever my pockets would allow (not as often as my stomach would have liked) because it was just good steak done right. so when it closed to make way for colicchio & sons (confession: haven't been), i was downright devastated. sidebar: mr. tom colicchio, how could you do this to us new yorkers?but then i heard about the one in vegas (there's one at foxwoods, but i'm at vegas more than i am there), and i was ecstatic; could barely contain my excitement. surely, something i built up so much in my head, had dreams about, cried about (not literally), couldn't be as good as i remembered (glorified?)....but. it. was.the fresh rolls with butter glazed on top + sea salt? pillows that melt in your mouth. steak? perfectly cooked. side dishes? perfectly seasoned. i mean.. you can't go wrong. assuming you haven't lost your life savings at the tables/slot machines, set aside $150 and come treat yourself to a classy steak dinner and chocolate souffle for dessert. yes, it's expensive. but 1. you're probably on vacation, 2. it's delicious BEEEEEEF, and 3. you won't be disappointed. i swears.
5	Yummmm wagyu rib eye and the grits!!!! Great service
2	Greats apps and wine. I got the ribeye and was disappointed. Too much fat and gristle.   Also another person I was with got a similar cut. The new york strip looked good. Better experience at Delmonico's at the Venetian.
4	Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful!  I came in just to order and take back to my room, I ordered the NY Strip, Mashed Potatoes, and a salad.  They included fresh baked rolls. Just know that when you want a good steak, you pay for a good steak. Worth every dollar! Though I couldn't enjoy my meal at that moment, it was just as good the next day.  What can I say, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas...okay, I drank way too much and thought a steak and bread would cure my stomach, but just the thought of eating made me sick. lol it's okay though, my boyfriend had no problems helping me enjoy this meal the next day lol. The staff was friendly and very funny. They helped entertain me while I was waiting to take my order back to my room. The guys were friendly and all smiles. Wish I could remember their names. But when I come back we will be sure to dine in and get the full experience of this amazing restaurant.
1	We just left this horrible establishment. I called to see if they had open tables tonight (9/18/13). I was told, no problem, come on over. It is my father in-laws birthday, we wanted a nice dinner. When we arrive, the lady looks us up and down and says we have to wait and can eat at the bar. (I am not paying for a steak to eat at a bar)We waiting over 20 minutes. The hostess seated other tables and then lied to us and said the computer system was down. After another 10 minutes, we left. I'm not sure why she felt we were not worthy of a table.What I do know is that I was completely disrespected and embarrassed at this restaurant. I will NEVER go back and will relay my experience to many others.
3	I came here a few weeks ago during Labor Day Weekend to celebrate my 6 year anniversary with zee bf.. and it was disappointing. We were debating between Tom's and Ramsey's restaurant at Paris, and ultimately chose this one.. I'm thinking we made a mistake.It was a special night and we ordered the tartare as an appetizer which was sooo salty and then as for the steak, i think i got the flat iron and the bf got some sort of filet, very unmemorable for a steak. And we got the risotto as a side to share. The steaks were supposed to be medium rare, but mine was overcooked. The risotto was my favorite part of dinner.Then, this lady came around and asked if she can take a picture, we said sure.. but it turned out to be a 10 minute photoshoot full with posing and everything. It was soo awkward. I dont even know if she was part of the restaurant. Definitely unprofessional and unnecessary. At the end of our expensive dinner, the lady came back with all our pictures and pressured us into buying them all for $130! WTHeck...?! I was not happy about that. We ended up spending over $200 for dinner and paid $50 for one of the pictures that we liked. I dont think I will ever come back here again.
3	Only certain cuts of steak is USDA PRIME or A5 kobe.  For about the same price head to Mastro's... much better quality steak. At this price range, USDA prime should be the min level of beef served.
4	Lobster bisque...chunky and delicious.   Oysters were cold and clean.  Steak was perfect.  This is a return visit and it was nice to have a go to place.  Service was a little weak, but I'm picky.
4	Very nice and swanky place.  A little on the pricey side, but still great food.  I had the grilled ribeye and the wide had filet.  Both were cooked perfectly and some of the better steaks we've had.  All steaks are a la carte but sides are large enough to share, but should be at about 15 bucks a pop.
4	Make sure you ask them to serve the steak while it's still hot. Overall great experience. The quality of the steak was so good I didn't mind it wasn't served as hot as I wanted. The wagyu tartare is awesome and so is the lobster bisque. Expect to spend $90-$100 per person easy.
2	No. Steak is not great. Service is. That's the only thing that saved this review.
2	Everyone deserves a second chance, despite my previous review/comment about second chances at such exorbitant prices.I get it...I really do. The fancy dining sofa's, ass kissing service and iron skillets. It's all good. But what's the use of iron skillets if they don't provide heat? My $60 filet was cold...once again. I hate sending food back. I won't do it. I shouldn't have to.Sorry, I got ahead of myself. I jumped to the main course.The bread is very good. That particular iron skillet delivered. I'm reluctant to Yelp anything is good in a sentence because that may become a YELP restaurant highlight.CraftSteak's beet salad is bland. I don't necessarily like salty food, so that says a lot. Maybe add a chunk of goat cheese. Not daring to be different, but it's a classic pairing. But hey, beets are good for me, so I'll move on...The risotto was good, with all the tomatoes, bits and pieces, but was served CRUNCHY al dente. The filet...well you know about my filet. Other than it being coldededed, it was, yes, under seasoned and BLAND. Try a Ruth's Chris steak, so hot, moist and buttery.Oh, oh, oh....my Dark and Stormy, ginger and rum drink was great.The service was very good, but I sat at the bar. That's my thing when I want great service. That's a no brainer.No dessert tonight, even though the Monkey Bread is fan-fuckin-tastic! YELP highlight that!Lucky to be alone tonight. Only $146 for one.
4	Late one evening, my friends and i were stumbling through the MGM Grand in search of a hearty meal after a long day's work. They have it all: Italian, Seafood, Chinese, French, you name it...but nothing sounded better than a good steakhouse...so Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak it was! I am a huge Lobster Bisque fan, so I couldn't resist trying theirs, and I was really impressed with the overall flavor and the large pieces of Maine lobster meat. I would highly recommend it if you are a lobster fan at all. How much do I love lobster, you ask? Enough to order Surf & Turf with Lobster for my main course (we were at a steakhouse after all)! It was also delicious, and the 6 oz. sirloin was cooked precisely to my request...nice and juicy, but not bloody. The entrees are listed separate from the sides, a I decided to get an order of their Rosemary Fingerling Potatoes, which were the perfect accompaniment to the rest of my meal. I did manage to snitch some of my friend's butternut squash risotto though, and it was ridiculously amazing!The atmosphere was very low key and quiet...a nice change from the typical hustle and bustle of the rest of the MGM. If you like your fermented grapes, they have a nice wine selection as well! Everyone in my party enjoyed their dinner and would certainly venture back when in the area, but service was a bit slow even though we were there way past the dinner rush, so I unfortunately couldn't give Craft 5 stars.
5	My friend who goes to Vegas all the time recommended this restaurant to me so I made a reservation.  We were a party of 7 and we went for the domestic wagyu surf and turf chef selection for 6.  We really could have gone for 5.  Our server, Kevin (I think that was his name), was absolutely the BEST!  He made the experience absolutely memorable!  After we had picked our sides, he mentioned to us that we had missed the top 2 selections and helped us by making 2 of our sides as half sides to add in the top 2.  I love it when I get suggestions from the staff because they always know best.  He was personable, very friendly, and he was a delight to be around.  You could tell that he really enjoyed being there and was sooooo welcoming.  Possibly  one of the best servers that I have ever had the pleasure of meeting.  The steak was absolutely delicious and all of the sides were delicious, especially the grilled corn.  A lot of steak places have okay sides, but Craftsteak was well balanced with everything tasting fabulous.  The assorted desserts were delicious as well.  I really enjoyed this dinner and I loved the sharing aspect!
3	It was good..... Not crazy good, but good. I had the NY since many reviews had rated it highly. It was very tender and served with plenty of sides. Ordered the banana dread pudding and it was a disappointment, but they also gave us a sampler of three different ice creams they had and the chocolate was to die for! Loved the wait staff, they were funny and interactive. Overall with so many choices on the strip I probably won't rush back, but its worth a try.
5	I'm not sure if it's even fair to review Craftsteak, as I had breakfast while with a private party and I later found out, they don't even serve breakfast. All I can say is that the food was delicious (and great hangover food, to boot).  If you ever see their bread pudding on the dessert menu, order it without hesitation. And I say this as a person who doesn't like bread pudding or raisins for that matter, but this was still amazing.  If the food on the dinner menu is even half as good as breakfast, Craftsteak is sure bet. Pun intended.
2	Our first meal in Vegas was here, with our group of 8. Nice ambiance, the staff was pleasant, and we loved to open kitchen concept. We started with the carpaccio. Completely underwhelmed. And the meal just got more expensive and more mediocre after that...the grilled salad was disliked and sent back by two out of three diners, with the third feeling like since he didn't hate it, he'd eat it. The steaks were rated by our table as anywhere between "fine" and "not great". I had the short ribs...and thought they were okay. But not great...and by the end of the night, we left disappointed. And by the next day, we've dubbed this place the dog of our stay. Bummer.
5	Great from start to finish. Excellent knowledgable staff. One of the best risottos we've ever had. I ate till my tummy hurt and then still had dessert.
3	the food was good. but the price was A-OK, for this price I would have gone to Mastro's instead. I love Tom Colichhio on TOPCHEF but not so much in food form, I'm sure it's not on him. hehe. anyway, i don't think I'll be back.
4	The sides were spectacular.  The steak was solid but I think CUT by Wolfgang Steak or Lawry's is slightly better.
5	If you can't afford a $300+ meal(for two) you should probably just stop reading this review now. It will only make you sad to know that you can't enjoy it. This most recent trip to Vegas was my first time as an "Adult" meaning I wasn't a drunk, poor college student trying to get by on $50 a day(for food). So, obviously I wanted to go big. And boy did we go big. This was the most food I got in Vegas, and I went to two different Buffets too. Most importantly though, the food was amazing. This was a 5 star dining experience from start to finish. We had made a reservation and arrived early to grab a cocktail at the bar. The cocktails we both had were delicious. We showed up wearing fancy clothing, so the Hostess realized it was a special occasion(although, not really, I just like how my boyfriend looks in a tie) so we were given a private booth in the back of the restaurant. It was very quiet, and romantic.We each ordered the Chef's 3 course meal(must have at least 2 people). We went with the American Wagyu for $140 each. And it was worth every penny. We started off with an appetizer, we had the Hand-cut Wagyu Tartare which was delicious. I have never had tartare before, and we both loved it. We also got our choice of 3 of the salad choices. We had the Italian Buffalo Mozzarella, Roasted Red Peppers and the Wild Arugula. They were all fantastic, but I think the Buffalo Mozzarella was my favorite(which included a roasted red pepper relish, which was fantastic). Then came the steaks. Oh man, the steaks. We both got the American Wagyu which comes from Snake River Farms in Idaho. I had the New York Strip and my boyfriend had the Rib eye. They were cooked perfectly and so, so delicious. Each cut was 14 oz, and I couldn't even finish it. I felt weird leaving behind delicious, expensive steak. With our steak we also got our choice of 3 sides. We had the Mushroom Assortment, Potato Gratin and White Corn Grits  with Bacon, Gruyere, Chives. They were all good, but once again we had a favorite: White Corn Grits. We polished these off. The addition of the bacon and Gruyere was amazing. After eating ALL OF THE FOOD. We also got a tasting selection of desserts including the Cinnamon Monkey Bread, Vanilla Cheesecake, Farmers Market Fruit and ice cream and sorbet. At this point we could barely even touch the food, but it was all very tasty. Our favorite was the Monkey Bread(which we surprisingly somehow managed to finish, probably because it was delicious, but also because we are fatties). Overall, I think the Chef's 3 course meal is the way to go. The Steak by itself was $105, for $35 more we got ALL THE FOOD. We also shared a bottle of Malbec, which is always my favorite with Steak. They have a very extensive wine list. The service was all top notch, and wonderful. It was a delicious dinner and a fantastic experience.
5	Suuuuuper delicious.. sooo worth every penny. It is a splurge and a normal dinner for two will start at $300, so if you are able to fork out that kinda dough on dinner.....PLEASE DO IT!!!!   You will not regret it. The food is off the charts, our dinner was a masterpiece from start to finish with great service.
4	Ya... it was really good... but your going to pay for it.  Wasn't the best steak I've ever had but was still very good.  Service was excellent.
4	From the outside, the restaurant looks small but it's bigger than it looks. I like the ambience and decor. If you're looking for a quick bite,  this is NOT the place to go. Our sitting was about 2.5 hours and there wrre 6 of us. We had the Market Spinach Salad, Foie Gras (sooooo good), $55 rib eye, and chocolate souffle with cappuccino ice cream. Quality of food was good, but I did find a small piece of paper of some sort in my water. It wasn't a big deal to me, I just drank my husband's water. It was a great place to catch up with friends.
3	Off to sensation at Vegas a couple weeks ago! Since the event is at MGM Grand Garden Arena, decided to get a quick bite  at craftsteak before the party began lol We didn't make a reservation so only be able to sit at their bar area which is perfect for our quick dinner. Their lobster bisque is really good with chuck of lobster in there. Ordered the foie gras(good), wagyu ribeye, new york strip, potato gratin and hen of the woods. It's just an ok steak!!! Definitely think CUT has a better steak! But love the foie gras!!!!:) as I'm not able to eat that at CA anymore...Overall, nice ambience, ok foodBut when I ordered my second cocktail, there is a fly inside my drink!!! I let the server knew but she didn't even apologize and just walked away with the drink. I really think the service is horrible in a so called fine dining restaurant!!!!! She came back with a new drink without even said anything. I felt the server is so rude...Honestly, I think it's just a fair steakhouse. The best food they can offer is their bread! I really love the bread!
5	Our third trip here was definitely the best! My birthday and anniversary celebration! Started with a pear martini and a traditional one with bleu cheese olives. Fantastic! Order the steak tartare. Perfectly seasoned and yummy. We split the rib eye which was cooked perfectly. Rissoto was not up to par but was taken off the check no problem. They went out of their way to bring the dessert with birthday and anniversary wishes. A fantastic vanilla bean panna cotta with fresh fruit. Unbelievable! Not on the menu but you must ask for it. A great meal and it was the highlight of our day!
4	K they redeemed themselves. After wanting 23 min past my resv, svc was excellent. Food great and it's a lot. Did the 140 per person, choice 2 steaks , appetizer , salad, sides, and dessert OMG
4	It's pretty damn good, but with all the great steakhouses in Vegas, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. However, if you're staying at the MGM, its a must try.
4	So this will be short and sweet the food was really good the servers were awesome. Stacy was very nice!! My one complaint is I was charges $9 for Fiji water but all I drank was ice water from the pitcher on the waiters station right next to my table....next time I'll have to read my receipt before I rush to pay...
4	Great steak. Juicy. Medium was really a perfect medium. Lobster Bisque is amazing. All the sides were perfectly cooked. Definitely expensive. I'd come back.
1	So they have an annoying French woman haunting you to purchase pictures.  I thought we were at Disneyland for a second.  Drinks were amazing at the bar and the service was excellent.  The kitchen failed us miserably.  I ordered the Wagyu steak and the cooked it to death, despite ordering it medium rare.  My wife ate her whole meal and I still did not receive my dinner. I really didn't want it at that point and I never received it.  The manager comped our whole meal, which was unexpected, however that does not repay us for the 4 months we waited to eat here.  Tom needs to get off the TV and get back to this restaurant.  I really respected TC, but after this experience I may take a break from Top Chef episodes.I really am losing faith in 'celebrity' chefs.  I would not gamble on this restaurant with your palate and wallet.FAIL!
3	Let's first get something straight here: If you know you will be eating here, don't eat much during the day or you will not have sufficient room in your stomach.  My mistake.  Wish I could go back in time here.What I did eat was fabulous, no complaints on the food.  As other reviewers state, the lobster bisque was awesome!The service, however, was a little puzzling.  It only takes one person to make you feel out of place, and that one person was our first waiter.  He and another waiter took turns coming to our table, and while the second waiter was stellar, the first was aloof and condescending.  We had looked at a menu prior to our visit and thought we would do the $140/person domestic Waygu dinner.  But after eating a bit too much during the day, we were rethinking it.  Had several questions regarding the meal, but our waiter was abrupt and was like "Yes, you're getting it"  and walked off. No patience, just abrupt.  Okay, I guess we're getting it.  When the items starting coming to the table, there was one item I wasn't sure how to eat (sorry, we don't have such fancy places in our town).  When I asked, I was made to feel stupid.I mean, holy crap, we spent over $400 for a meal with tip, don't be such a condescending ass.  Just not a pleasant experience for spending a months worth of groceries.We were also seated at a round booth near the pathway across the restaurant.  Behind us is where the servers all gathered to talk and tell jokes.  Very distracting.Tried it once, and done.
1	Don't waste your money!  This restaurant is very overrated .  Coming from the dc area  this restaurant  just can't meet those standards of The Palm or Ruth Chris.  So expensive and service was lacking.  Go somewhere else!
5	If you are in Las Vegas and looking for a great steakhouse this is the place! I had the 14oz NY Strip and it was unbelievably delicous. The staff is extremely polite and the service is second to none.
3	Rating would be 3 and a half. Really loved the lobster bisque and spinach salad. Free range chicken was amazing. We also had the T-bone steak it was ok my father has turned me into a picky steak person it was good but not amazing. Service started out well but lacked after main course arrived. It was way better then STK but not as good as the Michael Mina stripstreak.
4	Fantastic is all I can say!The 10oz. filet and diver sea scallops melted in my mouth and the fingerling potatoes complimented these dishes nicely.  This is a must try and I'll be back again.
4	If you haven't tried Craft steak in LV, you need too. I had the ribeye and some mussels, and the ribeye was one of the best steaks I've had. The sides are absolutely tasty!!  The service was good, not great, but good..  They need improvement in that area. I also had one of the best martinis I've ever had there..  I enjoy a very filthy martini!!  :0). Ooh la la!  The hand stuffed bleu cheese olives were a delicacy all on its own.  I enjoyed the ambiance, the high quality and taste of their food and didn't think twice or flinch when the bill came..  It was well worth it!!  I'm planning to go again soon.  I really believe you'll enjoy everything about your dining experience here..  Treat yourself every once in a while..  Remember, YOLO!!  (You only live once). Bon appetite yelpers!!  Eat Well!!  YBW (You've Been Warned)PMAN
4	Craftsteak is.. for the uninitiated, one of the Las Vegas strip's finest steakhouses.  Located at The MGM Grand, I think it is better than Gordon Ramsay at Paris, on par with Jean Georges at Aria and the strongest challenger to the throne of my personal favorite, Carnevino at Palazzo.The sexy, elegant, and modern lounge and bar give way to a beautiful and relaxing dining room featuring an open kitchen, comfortable banquettes, lovely booths and ambience to match. This could be a five star experience, however there were some service issues that bothered me.For instance, while the service was good per se, and professional, it was also a little stuffy and curt. Again, I felt as if a case of reverse age discrimination was in effect just because me and my dining partners look young and were a bit rowdy and loud as the night wore on, we were written off as poor customers. Excuse me but between the eight of us we probably know more about wine, food and service than most working at Craft, but whatever. Just don't speak to me like I'm an idiot. Hate that.There were several attempts at choreographed drops and pick ups of food at the table and all staff members were clearly not on the same page and it made for some uncomfortable glares across the table as well. Awkward. Really? Instead of just dropping my food when it's hot, standing there till everyone is ready? I get it, I really do, but it was a little much. It's not a Justin Timberlake concert or the NYC Ballet, it's running food. Gimme it. Drop it. I'm hungry!For a party of eight doing a tasting menu on a reservation, and having industry connections, I thought we would have been shown a little more hospitality as was the case up and down the Strip all month. I believe we all felt the experience was a little rushed. Not only did support staff hover around the table but before you could put your fork down from your last bite your plate was being whisked away and the next course being rushed out.Another issue.. I don't know if this is just our server or everyone at the restaurant, but aggressively filling the bottled water and bring refills of cocktails without asking Is inappropriate. I've worked in Michelin starred restaurants,  I've worked at a Texas Roadhouse. I don't care where you are, you ask before bringing it. Maybe I didn't WANT five Dark and Stormies?Anyway, aside from the rushed, curt service and blatant money grabs, the food was outstanding, the space is beautiful and that's why this place gets four stars. We started out with six interesting 2006/8 Italian blends and a enjoyed a big, beautiful,  Bordeaux for dinner, but we never saw the Som, or we probably would've ordered more. Again, was it our Age?We all ordered the American Wagyu tasting menu. From the brief, rushed description by our waiter, we were to get three courses.  For the first course, appetizers disjointedly flooded the table, and I recall the Handcut Wagyu Tartar as a standout amongst them. I recall also, the risotto underwhelming most at our table.As second course, I remember trying numerous salads.. my favorites being the Italian buffalo mozzarella, pork belly, and pan roasted red pepper. As the steaks rolled out, so did that lovely Bordeaux.. I wish I could remember the name of it, but I was three or four dark and stormy's deep, not to mention all that wine?Steaks.. 14 oz pieces of marbled, juicy heaven from Snake River Farms, all varying cuts. As I mentioned there are a lot of places to get $150 steak in Las Vegas.. Carnevino, STK, Jean George's, Strip steak, Delmonico, Gordon Ramsay.. and of them all, Craft Steak is probably one of my top.. two or three.A bunch of the usual sides were at the table but all I remember are the white corn grits. Oh god.. white corn, bacon, Gruyere, and chives and oh my God I could've eaten four more bowls.Again before I could even rest my fork, my plate was being whisked way and dessert was brought out. Awkward.A TON of delicious food hit the table for dessert, along with some nice Ruby Port. Cinnamon Monkey Bread, Vanilla Cheesecake, Farmers Market Fruit, Ice Creams, and Spicy Sorbet. Well, that was a nice surprise. So the meal ended up being a pretty good deal now that I think about it.. considering my steak alone would've been $105.00 plus the appetizers, salads, sides, and dessert. Well we ended up ordering ton of wine and a bunch of cocktails so I guess the restaurant made out well, too. If Craftsteak figures out their service glitches and hires some people that want to sell instead of take orders and make sure the Sommelier hits every table, they'd have a five-star restaurant. For now four stars. This is a Tom Colicchio restaurant figurer it out.
5	Steak is steak...unless you come to the Craftsteak.  We didn't have reservations, but the host advised if we came right when they opened, they could seat us right away.  Seems like a lot of others had the same situation and advice, but with less than a 15 minute wait, we were seated in a very nice booth in what Hubby considered "power zone".  Took the other Yelpers advice, and skipped lunch prior to coming in.  Started with the Wagyu tartare.  Extravagant, but well done.  Yes, I know you shouldn't waste such good beef on tartare (sorta like ordering Wagyu hamburger), but we had our eyes on other entrees.  Followed that with a shared tomatoe soup and Persian cucumber salad.  Both were excellent (and yes, we paced ourselves, and didn't finish it....though very tempted!)Main courses were the filet mignon and rack of lamb.  Pir sodes were assorted mushrooms and Japanese eggplant.  It was a lot of food!  Everything was prepared perfectly, and the seasoning, temperature, doneness, presentation - couldn't ask for more.  Too full for dessert - but went ahead anyway and ordered the chocolate indulgence.  Despite the lack of reservations, after 2-hours, we were not being rushed out.  We finished our dinner off with some after-dinner drinks, looked at the damage ($$$$$$) but decided that on any subsequent visit to sin city, we will make Craftsteak one of our mainstays.  Definitely recommend you save up some money and make it point to dine here - don't cheap out!
5	Was in Vegas for both SEMA and daughter's 21st birthday; she's not into the Vegas show thing, so rather than spend our money on show tickets; we invested in a dining experience evening (daughter likes a good tenderloin/filet)There were 4 of us dining and we went for the Domestic WAGYU -- WOW!!!Our server talked thru the multiple appetizer options with us -- trying to get a feel for what we liked vs. didn't and thru conversation our server knew what he was going to recommend and order on our behalf.  Then we discussed steak cuts, sides and desserts.Appetizers - Shrimp cocktail / Prosciutto San Daniele w/fresh figs / Caesar Salad w/Anchovy on side / Italian Buffalo Mozzarella w/roasted red peppers and toasted hazelnuts --- all these items were presented and set in the middle of us -- each of these were servings enough for 4 people;  if you loved shrimp and nothing else, perhaps 2 shrimp would be in order if you could talk one of your dining partners into giving up theirs.  This was very similar to a small plates experience of sharing and conversation.Next was the steaks - New York Strip / Ribeye / Skirt Steak / Filet Mignon -- now my daughter would have originally preferred to order a Filet all to herself, but she went along with this WAGYU dining experience and as each beautifully charred and sliced steak was placed in the middle of the table, she tried each of the cuts and declared that she couldn't choose which was her favorite.  This is a girl who orders nothing but Filets!  The sides chosen were Asparagus (daughter loves) / Potato Puree / Mushroom assortment -- again these were in serving dishes portioned for 4 to share.  I had my way with the mushroom assortment as it turned out nobody else was really interested in them.Now on to the desserts....Monkey bread / sorbets n icecream / chocolate molten something / chocolate torte w/chocolate gelato / pane cotta w/raspberry sorbetA wonderful and memorable dining experience!
3	3.5 starsI don't want to write a book about the place, I just want to cover some bases so you are prepared to dine here. It's dark inside. Not romantic dark, but oddly too dark. After reading a lot of reviews and seeking suggestions from the Yelp community, it was strongly suggested that we go for the tasting menu. We chose the Domestic Wagyu beef tasting at $140/person. A bit expensive of course, but we wanted to splurge so we did it despite our better judgement. First of all, if this is the route you plan to take, please make sure you arrive with an empty stomach. The portion sizes would make Mr. Buca Di Beppo blush. As part of the tasting, you are allowed (I say allowed b/c the chef is rather particular about what and how you order) to order appetizers, salads, two steak options, of which you cannot order the same cut and a dessert accompaniment. Yes, that much food!!Cow:The steaks were prepared medium and arrived a little closer to medium rare. I am fine with it, but my lady doesn't like it too rare. I mean, could we send it back? Of course. But it would be nice if they just follow what's ordered. Sides: Potato Gratin was ok. I hate this dish simply b/c made at home or at a high end restaurant, it doesn't matter. Once you cut into it you either need to eat every bite within moments or deal with the fact that it solidifies quickly and no longer tastes the way it should. Mushrooms were a huge hit, for me at least. Roasted, seasoned well and delicious!! Baby carrots were, well baby carrots. Dessert:Selections were incredible! Choco indulgence was my second fave. Chocolate mousse covered with chocolate ganache and served with house made chocolate ice cream. However, this took a back seat to their Monkeybread. Easily the most delicious dessert I've tasted, possibly ever. Sticky, gooey, caramel and nuts slathered over warm, soft and delicious monkeybread. Wow!!
3	Me and my Business partner had dinner there last night. Ordered the Chief special with Kobe Ribeye and My partner ordered the Filet. Both were good. Nothing to rave over thou. I would expect better quality for the price and would probably choose a different steak house next time.
4	Since we didn't hit Craftsteak on our last trip to Vegas, I made a point to eat here this time. No tasting menu this time now that my husband and I have lost 120lbs together and are just eating differently. So, we were a tad more conservative, but still splurged and left with our bellies full. We split the lobster bisque to start, which was good, but cannot compare to Kokomo's (which is now closed to make room for Tom's Heritage Steak BOO). I didn't like the large pieces of tarragon on top, which feels like chewing on pieces of grass, but it was tolerable. The lobster was nice and tender.For dinner we split the 10oz filet, the potato puree and the risotto.  This was still so much food! The risotto was made with butternut squash and prosciutto and was so rich and creamy and really wonderful. I know this is what properly made risotto tastes like and how easy it can be to get it wrong.  The puree and filet were absolute heaven.For dessert we ordered the pumpkin cheesecake and I was pretty disappointed. It was a small circle of mushy pumpkin with a vanilla cream of some kind on top of it. I hate to say it, but Cheesecake Factory cheescake was better than this stuff. Major bummer, thus the deletion of a star. When you pay $15 for dessert at a place like this, you want to shove your face it in and eat 15 of them, not just pick at it and wish it were more like at a chain where you hate their food.
4	The food, ambiance, and waitstaff is great at craftsteak. Upon arrival my husband and I had some delicious free rolls which came in this nice hot pan with a sprinkle of sea salt on top. Then we shared the diver scallops for our appetizer. They were jumbo sized and cooked perfectly in a light sauce with lemon and fennel. For our entrees we shared a rib-eye steak and shortribs. The rib-eye was a huge portion. It was enough that we could have split that alone and been stuffed. I ordered it medium rare and it was spot on, really flavorful and tender. The shortrib was only okay, so I wouldn't order it again. Comparatively the steak was much better. For sides we split the potato puree and the corn grits. Again, huge portions! The potato puree was really smooth and a great complement to the steak. The grits were tasty but pretty heavy. I would only get 2 sides again if I was there with 3 or 4 people. We were beyond full and had to leave a good amount of food on our plates.When the check came we expressed how full we were to the waitress and she said next time we could totally share an entree. Score! Next time I'll save some money and have enough room for dessert! I love that they are an uber fancy restaurant but don't mind people sharing.
3	We're having buyers remorse for spending so much money.  Don't get me wrong, this place is good, but it's pricey.  We had the "chef's beef selection" of domestic wagyu.  The service was exceptional and the food was all cooked perfectly, but there wasn't anything all that unique about it.  It's a steak place with excellent steak and well executed food, but it's the same ole things that have been paired with steak for years.
4	Nothing "Out-of-the-Box," yet everything was cooked to perfection.  All three meats we choose as a table of four to split were the best 3 meats I have had.  Again, nothing special about the asparagus and carrots, but still perfectly cooked leaving your mouth watering for more.  I'd highly recommend spliting a-la-cart items.  It seem like their combos are way too over priced.  Service was great and they know their wine!
5	My dad and I dined here for my birthday. The experience was the best I have experienced in town. I have eaten at all of the top steak houses in Vegas and Craftsteak serves the best steak I have ever eaten in my life. The service was excellent. I felt like I was royalty. The only thing I would say was a bad experience was the lack of enforcing the dress code. I know it's Vegas and a party town but seriously a T-Shirt and jeans does not equal business casual. I wish they would enforce the dress code for such a classy place.
5	Enjoyed a tasting menu that was one of my top ten meals.  Scallops and Wagyu Tartare to start.  Not thrilled with the tartare.  Scallops were prepared almost perfectly.  Then we entered a meat coma.  Ribeye, Filet, and strip.  The quality of the meat was excellent and the preparation was perfect.  Desert, they brought out a tray and we thought we  could pick one each.  We were wrong it was all for us to split among the three of us. Service was great. I'd go back and recommend that you try it.Oh, Lobster bisque, excellent.
5	The hubby and I came in for dinner the other night and enjoyed being stuffed to the brim. Since we couldn't decide between the Domestic Wagyu Ribeye and the Aged Bone-in Ribeye, we decided to get both.Both ribeyes were excellent, but our favorite was definitely the Wagyu, the flavor is absolutely decadent. If we had not ordered the two ribeyes side by side, I would have also been thoroughly impressed with the aged ribeye as well.Lobster Bisque - this is lobster bisque done right, I loved the chunks of lobster and the tarragon in the soup was an excellent touchPotato Puree - you know this is not going to be you standard mashed potatoes just looking at it, it was rich and flavorful and the perfect side for the ribeyesOur waiter was fantastic and a blast to talk to.The only issue I had was with the hostess, we had a reservation but still ended up waiting for our table, even though a fourth of the restaurant was empty.
5	Best steakhouse in Vegas I've ever eaten.  Excellent food and great service. Wouldn't expect less from a Tom Colicchio's restaurant.
5	WOW talk about great gourmet food!! Came here for a friend's 30th birthday and the meal was magnificent. Every steak we tried was fantastic and the sides were so delicious. Favorite steak was the filet and the New York Strip!We also managed to try a few of the desserts and boy were they decadent. The appetizers are amazing. Scallops are a must have! DO not leave without having them. Don't fill up on the rolls as that can be mighty tempting!
5	Came here for an impromptu celebration dinner! There were three of us so we split the porterhouse, side of risotto and broccoli and a bottle of wine. Of course the meal started with their delicious baked bread that came sprinkled with salt and a very good  soft butter. The porterhouse was expertly cooked and came with bone marrow as a bonus! Of course we got more bread to spread the marrow on. The risotto was cooked to perfection! Not overcooked like most restaurants. The broccoli was also very good. Overall a very good meal!
2	Maybe we came here on the night the greeting ladies/waitresses were unhappy to be working but from walking up and being ignored until they were done talking about other people, to the fact they were frowning, ALL OF THEM, to the fact that they sat a couple that checked in after us that had a later reservation.....who cares what the food tastes like why do you want to step in door ?And on another note why are they tables so low set that you can't cross your legs?My recommendation skip this place, try a Morton's
2	My boyfriend and I were looking to eat something before we saw Ka, so we walked over to craftsteak and decided to try it out. He had had it once before, and I hadn't eaten here before but he got me excited for it. Unfortunately our whole situation was handled so poorly that I had to comment on it. First off, it took close to 20 minutes after we sat down to order, which we weren't too worried about because we still had over an hour to eat and walk two minutes away to catch Ka. I ordered a lobster bisque, asparagus and the short rib, he ordered the Wagyu skirt steak (as suggested by our waitress). The bisque came out almost immediately and was INCREDIBLE. so good. Scarfed it down and then waited for our entrees. And waited and waited and waited. Close to 45 minutes after the bisque our waitress came back over and told us the food would be out shortly because she knew we had a show to catch, and then walked away- we weren't exactly sure what was going on but she was kind of rushing so we could tell something was up. About an hour after we ordered (when we said we had to leave by) the food shows up. And by this time we knew that we only would have enough time to shovel it into our mouths and run. The food was so wonderful, I was honestly heartbroken to have to leave over half of it on the table so we wouldn't have to miss the show we just paid for. Our waitress came with the food to explain what had happened, I guess there was a glitch in the kitchen and they weren't able to cook for a while, which I totally understand-things happen, not a problem. Then right before we had to leave, the manager came over with two new drinks to take with us to the show as kind of a apology, which we did appreciate. We were just so frustrated that no one came over really to explain anything beforehand, and that we ended up paying over $200 for a meal which we only barely got to enjoy. It was a nice gesture to bring us two fresh drinks on the house, but I didn't go there for the drinks, I went for the food, and I didn't get to eat what I wanted. Had we known that all the grills were shut down, we would have paid for the soup and our drinks and left. Instead we were stuck paying for two beautiful cuts of meat that we just got the bare minimum of before we sprinted out the door. Really, really bummed.
5	You know I really cant find any reason NOT to give this place a 5 star rating!  Good steak, good service, good sides (potatoes, salds etc...)When in Vegas you have a zillion choices for a good meal.  I go to Las Vegas about 10 times per year so have tried just about every restraunt in town and most outside of the strip as well.  This place should be one on your list for business dinner or just a fun night out.  Not so much for a romantic dinner though.
4	Creative sides, AMAZING steak and terrific service!
5	Best food I've ever had.
4	I didn't know what to expect when my brother said, "we're going to craft for dinner". Anyway when we arrived we were promptly seated. I checked out the menu online and knew exactly what I was going to order. I had the spinach/pear salad, the 16oz ribeye and Maui onions. Everything was ala carte. The bread came warm to our table with a touch of sea salt on top. Everything was delicious. The ribeye was cooked perfectly but I barely touched it. I was already full from my salad. I was happy that the ribeye was cooked on the bone as that is where all the flavor is. Not once were our water glasses empty. The. Waitstaff here is exceptional.
5	Imagine this: Thanksgiving day...In Vegas...No dinner reservations...Looking for a turkey dinner. Nearly impossible, right? Right? Yep, it sure was until I found reservations were still available here at Craftsteak!I book a reservation online and 45 minutes later I was in! Yay! Craftsteak had a Thanksgiving menu and that's what I ordered. I think it was an 8 to 10 course meal. However, I wasn't able finish it off. I didn't even get to try the dessert since I was completely stuffed! In addition to the great meal, the staff here is excellent. The ambiance is really nice too. The next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely come back here to try their steaks!
4	steak is very good.one of the hosts told us rudely..there r no seats available and twirled her hair..a second later another host told us.. i can seat you guys!  what a weird first encounter/impression craftsteakhouse!bone in rib eye was amazing.  we got that and lobster salad, pureed mashed potatoes and brussel sprouts.  the lobster was good but had too much lemon.  it was too sour.  brussel sprouts has bacon and i didn't like em that much. other people ordered spinach and that looks less buttery and better.id say order bone in rib eye and mashed potatoes and ur good.  big enough for 2
5	Went prior to comedy show, w brother. We ordered the Angus Steak prix fixe foe $119 each. Started with a Lobster Bisque, and two starters. The beef we ordered was rib-eye (med) and Filet (Med-rare), sides Brussels w bacon, creamy mashed potatoes and fungi. Was all great. The house cab complimented the beef nicely. Then a dessert sampler. A whole lot of food, and the prix fixe is a much better deal than ordering separately. Beef was great, service attentive but not bothersome, price what you'd expect. I'd definitely return.
5	Awesome. This place is nice, steak done well (not well-done), and the sides are awesome. I've been to many great steakhouses and this is one of them. The restaurant itself is very nice and the staff was great. They offered a steak tasting the night we went which was a great way for us all to split several steaks and try many different cuts. ... and who doesn't love Tom. Enjoy!
3	This was my 5th time here. I was very disappointed. The prix fix menu was very boring and not very tasty. In the past I could cut my steak with a fork. I dont ever remember skirt steak as an offering but this time my skirt steak could barely be cut with a steak knife. Appetizers were all tasteless. Service mediocre. Dessert and cocktail were excellent though. Definitely not worth the $430 for just me and my wife. Time to start trying some of the new steak restaurants in LV.
3	Overall, an okay experience. I was really torn trying to decide which of the many steakhouses in Las Vegas to visit. I think on my next trip though, I probably will not make a stop at Craftsteak. The food is definitely good, but not quite on par with other steakhouses in the area. When we first arrived, we had a reservation, and it wasn't particularly packed, but they still asked us to wait. We waited in the bar for a while, but it got pretty warm, so we decided to step outside. When we stepped outside, the manager up front said good bye to us, and we had to tell him that we weren't leaving, and that we were waiting to be seated. He kind of looked surprised, and within a minute or so, asked us to follow him into the restaurant. Not a great start, but we didn't really mind - just a little strange. The food was good, but again, nothing special. We both ordered the ribeye, and although they were in the pan, we found that the steaks got cold rather quickly. The sides that we ordered were also nothing out of the ordinary. I did however, enjoy my Caesar salad. I thought the presentation with whole leaves of lettuce unsliced and whole anchovies on top was kind of cool and tasty. And of course, the monkey bread was fantastic.But once inside, the service was great, and the decor was nice. I found it to be more casual than other steakhouses, but it was a nice environment nonetheless. Personally, I thought it paled a bit to our next stop at Delmonico...if you need a comparison.
5	BEST. RESTAURANT. EVER.I went here with my boyfriend as an Anniversary dinner, and it was ultimately the perfect place to have it at. We both weren't sure if they were going to be able to seat us since we made no reservations and really just came here on a limb.  But they accommodated us pretty quick, which was great since we had a show to go to afterwards.My bf told me that Tom was a guy who was on Top Chef and that this restaurant was known for it's steak and he really wanted to try it.  I'm glad we did because it was by far the best food I've ever had.  I ordered the Wimbledon cocktail, and it was simply refreshing.  If you love gin like how I do, definitely give this drink a try.  I ordered the the Divers Sea Scallops that was served with spaghetti squash and WOW, the scallops were the best I've ever had.  They were cooked perfectly, melted into my mouth like butter. My gosh, what I would do to have some of it now! We also ordered a side of the Brussels sprouts and I am now a fan of them more than ever! Perfectly caramelized and cooked with bacon?! SOLD! I forgot what type of steak my boyfriend got but does it matter? I bet they're all good, I mean this place is known for their steak!The service and our waitress were very accommodating and helpful. I absolutely loved the ambiance of the restaurant and the food was overall amazing!
5	This popular Las Vegas steakhouse doesn't need one more 5-star rating, but here goes.I decided to keep things simple, as it had been a long day attending a financial software conference.  I decided on some iteration of a green salad, filet mignon, and a chocolate dessert.  All of these delivered beyond my expectations, and I only wish there was a Craftsteak closer to my home in Florida, so I could visit on a semi-frequent basis.The spinach salad with pears, called 'Market Spinach, Pears, Port Wine' on the menu, was simple and generous.  The pears had a bit of a chew and the port dressing wasn't boozy at all.The filet mignon, a 10 oz. Blank Angus under the 'Roasted' section, was prepared to perfection.  It was prepared the way I would do it at home:  butterflied, one side crusted with crushed peppercorns and coarse salt, pan seared, and then finished (most likely) in the oven.  The accompanying pan sauce -- not listed or described on the menu -- was rich and savory (I actually wished there was a bit more).Finally, choosing a suitable dessert wasn't difficult:  the Chocolate Souffle with Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream was the very center selection listed on the Dessert menu.  I have made dozens of chocolate souffles at home, and I was curious how Craftsteak was going to pull it off.  Was it going to be crusty, like a hot, just-baked chocolate cake?  Or was it going to be soupy, like a hot pudding? Well, my Yelp friends, it was a flawless combination of both:  a hot, spongy, fully-baked moist soft chocolate cake that was served perfectly cylindrical and tower-like.  I Instagrammed a photo and posted it here.  The scoop of homemade, white chocolate chip mint ice cream looked like a hard-boiled egg on the plate, but don't let that distract you -- homemade ice cream is always a treat.  In closing, the service was flawless.  My server that night was named Alexis, who I learned not only holds 11+ years of experience with the restaurant, but also grew up near me in central New Jersey. In fact, we attended rival high schools, but that didn't matter:  at Craftsteak, we were passionate allies in search of a perfect meal.
4	Every year my boyfriend and I go to Vegas for our anniversary because we met in Vegas. To celebrate our 2nd year together we decided to go to Craftsteak.The restaurant is dim lighting and all the tables were filled. Bread Basket- Freshly baked bread! I have to wonder why I didn't take this to go! I love bread but I usually get full off the bread basket from eating one to many rolls! lolHand Cut Waygu Tartare- I think I like eating my meat raw. Less chewy but full of flavor. The waygu was tender and great on the crostini. Porterhouse- I'll be honest, I only had to pieces because I was so full from the bread and waygu tartare. I cant figure out what makes meat good. It wasn't chewy, the meat was tender and had alot of flavor. My Boyfriend ended up finishing most of it. Potato Gratin- creamy, but on the heavy side of coarse. I would probably recommend getting a veggie dish. Risotto- My boyfriend loves risotto, however he would agree I make the best risotto. Craftsteak risotto was very heavy and I didnt like the gritty texture. No dinner is complete without Dessert!We got the Earl Grey Ice Cream and Strawberry Ice Cream- I love Earl Grey ice cream, its one of my favorite flavor. As well as Lavender. Overall food was great, but it not a place i would come every year. I feel like there are a ton of different steak options in Vegas.
5	In case you were wondering, Tom Colicchio isn't just all talk on Top Chef.  This Texan girl gives major props to his upscale Vegas steakhouse.  Also, I still have dreams about the warm, butter-slathered salt-sprinkled dinner rolls that arrive at your table in mini cast iron pans.
3	Wow, I was so disappointed. The service was 5 star, but the food was barely 3 star. The lobster bisque was great. The beet salad was not. It had a dressing that was... I guess olive oil, and not much else. There were little globs of something else that probably was supposed to add flavor (bright red in color), but didn't. The only flavorful moment was when one little leaf of anise flavored tarragon managed to work it's way into the mix. My filet was done to perfection and delicious, but the scallops were slightly over done. My husband's $56 ribeye was only about 3/4" thick and didn't taste as good as the supermarket cut we had barbequed ourselves last week. The risotto was delicious. The shiitake mushrooms didn't even look like shiitake. We come from Portland and eat wild shiitake all the time... The brussel sprouts were bitter and the bordelaise sauce was invisible. In summary: The meat was pretty good, but the side dishes were a total fail. I do have to compliment the service. It made the experience itself special, even if the food didn't. However, $100+ per person should include wonderful food. Next time we'll try Gordon Ramsey.
5	Went for my 5 year anniversary, it was absolutely amazing.  Couldn't think of a single flaw.  Quick tip though, the tasting menu is A LOT of food.
4	When we arrived at the restaurant they told us it would be a few minutes before our table was ready and we could wait at the bar. No problem. My husband and I ordered drinks and once our table was ready the hostess notified us and was ready to show us to our table. However, she made no offer to have our drinks brought to our table. Not that I was expecting HER to do it but she could've had someone else do it. It's awkward when you're at the bar, have your purse in tow, jacket on and have to carry a martini glass wearing heels to your table. That's my only gripe :)Food and service thereafter was great. The best thing about this place is that they are completely fine with you splitting an entree. We shared the lobster bisque which they offered to split for us which was great! We then shared the rib eye which was cooked perfectly medium rare and ordered the risotto as a side. The food was really tasty and just the right amount without being overly stuffed. Our waiter and staff were all very good. The waiter even put a rush in for our food since we had a show to catch. Very nice of him.
3	Once you enter it's like a maze. They have tens of small rooms rather than one large room. Each room has wooden crafted enclosing from 1 to 5 dining tables. I did not like the design myself as I rather be on a larger setting where I can see everybody. The food is Chinese with one item as much as $450!  I got the Mongolian beef and fried rice. It was just average. My wife had green salad. She seemed to like it.The service was excellent. The waiters came along often.
4	Made reservation for dinner and still had to wait 10-15min to get seated. It wasn't too bad of a wait since they temporarily sat us at the bar and football was on. Everyone was really nice it seems like each table gets two waiters/waitresses so there's always someone to help us if we needed anything. Overall experience with customer service was fanatic. However, the food there didn't really blow me away. Don't get me wrong everything was delicious, especially their lobster bisque! But nothing really exceeded my expectation in terms of taste. I wish they had a bigger/better dessert selection though.
4	This was the second time I have eaten at Craftsteak. The first time was in Los Angeles. I like this restaurant very much. It's very easy to get to especially if you are staying in the MGM.When we arrived we were seated right away and experienced terrific service all night long. We ordered the beef tartare to start. I thought it was pretty tasty, but my wife thought it was a little gamey. For our entrees we split a 22oz dry aged bone-in NY strip with sides of potato gratin and creamed spinach. Personally I was not a big fan of the taste of the steak. It tasted of hamburger to me. I don't have much experience with dry aged steaks, so maybe that's just part of the flavor. It was better dunked in the sauce that came around the steak. The previous time we had split a Rib Eye and loved it.Overall, a little pricey, but a great dining experience.
3	Boring and overpriced. $840 for three people. We had wagyu filet mignon, ribeye, and NY strip. Couldn't tell the difference from wagyu to regular prime cuts. Sides are boring. There is no wow factor here. Purre'd mashed potatoes, Brussels sprouts, and asparagus all cooked like every other steakhouse. I should have known better steakhouses do not try hard. There is zero creativity in this place. Poured our own wine every single time. Service was okay. I might be biased because I don't think grilled beef is worthy of high ratings.  Just boring for a wow factor bill.
1	Food was definitely not nearly as good as it should have been for the price. Orders were mixed up, the pork belly appetizer was three tiny slices, sommelier did not know enough... and to top it off my friend has food poisoning from an undercooked steak. What kind of meat do they serve?
4	Amazing grilled bison steak!  Blue cheese stuffed olives.  Prosciutto served with two tiny poached pear slices.  The kale was tasty but offered too much slab bacon and drippings for my taste - I was instantly transported to the south!  To be fair, everyone else in my group of 8 liked it.  The focus in the restaurant was food expedition.  Everywhere, food was being served all around, and it took a long time to serve it all as it is all ala cart.  However they let us sit with our dirty dishes, empty glasses and without our bill for too long after the meal, while other tables were served endless plates of food.  Overall this was a very good experience.
4	My only regret is that I did not save any room for dessert. I really wanted to try the monkey bread, but alas I could not eat another bite. I ordered the ribeye and my boyfriend got the bison steak. Both were very good. Wasn't the best steak I ever had, but I would go back. Everything was cooked perfectly, and the rolls. So good!
3	The steak was good and especially liked the sweet corn with pieces of onion mixed in.  Prices are high but the service was excellent.  One thing that I really did NOT like (and I hope the restaurant manager is listening) was the photographer lurking around taking photos. I know you dont have to purchase the photos if you dont want to (and we didn't) but if I am paying $50-$90) for a single steak and another $100 for a bottle of wine, I do not want a photographer bugging me and telling me and my date how to put my head on my hands for a stupid pose and then coming back with the prints and bugging me again with the hard sell. Its really sleezy!   Sorry guys, its a good restaurant but I don't need my photo taken there.  And now, months later I am getting spam from the photographer on a weekly basis.
4	A superior steak experience without the overblown nonsense. I love steak, but I only go to steakhouse two or three times a year because it's normally way too much. The sides and bread alone are enough to choke a whale. Eating at those places often feels like a competition where manhood is measured in your ability to over eat. Craft Steak isn't like that. The cuts of meat are flavorful and well prepared. The hanger steak and the short ribs are both great choices. The wine and whiskey selection is extensive and a glass of Johnny Walker Blue was $20 less than the price in New York. There are decadent choices like the monkey bread, the carmel cheesecake and the addictive garlic rolls. But none of it is so large and overblown to turn you off. The service is exceptional and thr decor is warm and modern. The paintings of sad cows on the walk might make you feel guilty so don't look over there while you enjoy your steak.
5	Hands down the BEST, most PERFECTLY cooked Filet I have ever eaten. Went with the Wagyu Domestic Chef's Selection, a perfect 4 course meal!  The desserts (Monkey Bread and Carmel Cheesecake) were the perfect finish to such a lovely date night!  Pricey, but worth every penny!
2	We had the worst meal here two weeks in a row. I mean if we're spending $1200 bucks for 5 people it better be pretty good. I've eaten here a total of 3 times. First being a great experience. Food was epic and service was on point. The last two times have really changed not only where we eat from here on out in Las Vegas, but also has really burnt me and our friends on steakhouses. I'll never eat here again and I hope you have a better experience. If you don't please share about it. Chef Needs to step up food and service.
3	This place wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. And if I am spending that kind of money, I expect great. The waitress was nice, but very un-attentive. I had to waive a different server down to get my bill. The filet was prepared in a way I wasn't super stoked on, but it tasted good. The sweet potato side was horrible. The potatoes were hard as a rock. To top it off, one of the hostesses said (in a rude manner) I couldn't get in that night and as I was about to walk away, another hostesses who watched our conversation grabbed me and said they had a table. So that was nice, but I should have just gone in.Overall, very very average, but for that kind of money, not some where I would go again.
4	It's a tradition that for my birthday, my husband takes me to a restaurant that's a surprise, and somewhere we've never been before. When he revealed that was taking me to Craftsteak, he prefaced it with a lengthy justification, mainly centered on the fact that, yes, Craftsteak is a steakhouse, but they have an impressive assortment of vegetable options. I was not disappointed.The menu changes daily, apparently, and does have lots of veggie options (though most of them are garnished with some manner of pork products, so if you're strictly vegetarian, this is not your place). When we sat down, we were brought a cast-iron pan of the most delicious dinner rolls--fluffy, light, and yeasty, but impossibly buttery, with a sprinkle of salt on top. I felt a little ridiculous putting butter on mine, but I did it anyway.yeasty, buttery rolls with a sprinkle of salt on topWe ordered the Billionaire Cocktail (Booker's Bourbon, lemon juice, simple syrup, dash of grenadine, star anise) and the Cucumber Gin Martini (Hendricks Gin, cucumber, fresh lime sour). Both were delicious...sweeter than I normally go for, but not unbalanced. They bring the martini glass with the garnish to the table, and then an individual shaker with the cocktail separately. The shakers has roughly 1.3 martinis.The Bibb salad was a generous portion, beautiful, smoky, crisp, with pickled onion, chives, blue cheese, and lardons. It was perfet to share.We were thiknking of skipping entrees altogether and just loading up on all the tempting sides, but my husband insisted it was too ridiculous, so we got the European Sea Bass (beurre blanc, chives, a pile of sauteed Napa cabbage, shiitake mushrooms, and a piece of crispy pancetta on top). The fish was well cooked and flaky, and the sauce complemented it without overpowering.I was particularly excited about the mushrooms--you can order several different varieties, or get the Mushroom Assortment. We were planning to get the assortment, but there were too many other things we wanted to try. I'm glad we didn't...the Hen of the Woods was tasy, but not impressive. (NB, If you want amazing mushrooms, go to a Thomas Keller restaurant.)Since it was my birthday, I ordered a few things that I normally would have compromised on, but it turned out that my husband enjoyed them--kale and Maui onions. The kale was cooked to the brink of death, and studded with cannelini beans and lardons. It was more of a Southern greens preparation, and it was delicious...smoky and bacon-y. The Maui onions were cut in half and roasted, with Minus 8 Vinegar (made from ice wine). They were perfectly tender and sweet. DeliciousThe butternut risotto was good but I expected it to be more flavorful, especially with the scallions and proscuitto. The service was really good all night until the very end, when we had to wait a little while to get our bill.Overall, it was a highly enjoyable meal, even sans steak.
3	3 guys, 1067$ bill.  This place is overkill and not in a good way.  8 dessert plates and each one had at least 1 scoop of ice cream. This place is insane.
3	For what you are paying you need to be wowed.  I was not wowed.  Now, I do get to eat out quite often and as such am picky, but if I am paying 56 for a steak (cheapest filet) and potentially even 115-260 for a steak it needs to be something I couldn't cook at home.  The steak prep was uninspiring, the sides were ho hum, I had the corn grits and they were just wrong.  I live in the south, eat grits all the time, for breakfast for dinner, creamy, cheesy or stone ground, etc... and these were just not worth the calories (though the bacon on top was good :)).  The Parker house yeast rolls served before were fine, I have had this twice now on the west coast (la the time before) and I think it is a "new" thing - supposed yeast Parker house rolls with salt on top, but they aren't the right style of roll - yeast rolls need to melt in your mouth, these do not, more boring basic white bread roll.  A southerner needs to teach both places how to make yeast rolls! The service is also one of those "sit and savor", it was late and my first night there, I didn't want to sit or savor :) the staff was friendly enough, but again I wasn't wowed for what was easily a $2000 bill for our group. So, if you don't get to go out to nice places often this is probably a great upscale very nice meal, but honestly the food does not warrant the prices they want you to pay.
4	I liked it here. I have tried a fairly decent portion of the Steak Houses in town and I decided to try this one during my last Stay-Cation on the strip. My boyfriend and I decided to do their tasting menu for two... It was WAY too much food, but everything was very good. We also chose to add the wine pairing, which was wonderful.I would completely give this place five stars... but our server did something that made us uneasy. We ordered the mid-level wine pairing, and he insisted on pouring us from the top-level wine pairing but didnt charge us additional $$. Every time no one was around, he would pour us EXTRA wine. I understand he was trying to go above and beyond, but I found this slightly tacky and a little offensive. It almost made me feel like he thought we could afford it or something...It was a little strange. Other than that, the food was amazing. The bread is awesome, but try not too fill up because their portions are very large.
2	My wife and I went a week earlier to celebrate Valentine's.  Based on the reviews, we decided to try Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak.We made our reservations at 6:30pm and were promptly seated.  First impression of the steakhouse environment, it is very intimate.  The colors, designs, and furniture were all very warm and inviting.  However, the dining table was rather interesting.  It is a large square slab -- too large to be honest.  My wife sat on one end and I sat on the other.  In order to communicate, we felt we had to "yell" out for the other to hear us.  After 5 minutes, we decided to sit "together" on one side.  Throughout dinner, since people had to speak up, we could hear the conversations on either side of our table.  This was not very intimate.Upon being seated, because we came early, it was not busy.  About 6 waiters converge on a central plate area chit chatting.  We waited for a good 20 minutes, no waiter, now water, no orders were taken.  Finally, we hailed a bus boy requesting our waiter.  He promptly came, named Blass, took our orders and left.  Throughout the dining experience, a group of bus boys and a different server brought our dinner.  Not once were we asked about our dining experience or whether we need additional water or menu items.  I had to hail our waiters a couple times to refill my water.  Unreal.  Even worst, both tables on either side of us had the same complaints.  I had no idea what our waiter was doing; but, he was definitely not doing his job.As for the food, we ordered the following:1.  Appetizers      -- Lobster Bisque -- this was recommended by a friend.  The texture and aroma           was perfect.  It had a lightness to it and flavor was good.  However, it needed         major salt     -- Scallops -- They were plump.  And, presentation was nice.  However, it lacked              flavor.  It was not juicy and tasted kinda dry.  This could have been done                              better.2.  Entree #1      -- Striped Bass -- this was the worst dish possible.  My wife was very upset.  The bass was NOT fresh.  For 30+ dollars, this dish was a waste.  The reason why we know that it was not fresh was that the fish was not flaky.  Instead, it was extremely sticky and tasted OLD.  This was inexcusable.  Of course, we tried to track our waiter down, but he never showed up.   3.  Entree #2      -- Short Ribs.  This was Tom's signature dish.  It was very tender and very good.  Flavor could have been better with salt; but, overall, we were not disappointed4.  Drinks -- We ordered a couple Raspberry Martini's -- these were excellent.Usually, I tip between 20-25%.  When I received the bill, I was tempted to put zero.  However, because the bus boys did a good job, I could not penalized them for the lack of service by the waiter.  Dinner for two was about $225 with tip.Here are my ratings:1.  Environment - good ambiance, however, dining table was a major issue.  When having an intimate dinner, you do not need to be able to hear your neighbor's discussion -- 3 stars2.  Waiter -- service was horrible --- Zero stars3.  Hostess and Bus Staff - they saved the night for us.  They were polite and prompt - 5 stars4.  Meal -- the meal was at best ~ average.  For a high dining restaurant, you expect better quality for the PRICE.  - 2 starsOverall, we would rate this as a low 2 stars.  Obviously, we were not pleased.  As a regular diner to many of Las Vegas's finest restaurants, we most likely would not return.  We do hope that their management fix the service issue.  We were sorely disappointed and would not recommend dining here.Thank you.
2	I just got home from a week in Vegas and went to nice dinners every night.  I was really looking forward to Craftsteak because of all the hype and the chef.  Was it good, yes.  Was it great, no.  For the money I paid I expect it to be great or beyond.   The ambiance and drinks were phenomenal, but the steak and sides were par.I ate at 'The Country Club' at Wynn and 'Prime'  at the Bellagio - both exceeded this place and were cheaper as well.
5	Oh. My. Goodness. Such awesome food. I can't remembert the name of the meal we ordered. You started off with (dinnerf or two) two salads, three starters (shrimp cocktail, heirloom tomatoes, and bruscetta). Then we each got to hoose our meats. One wagyu sirloin and one wagyu ribeye. These steaks were superbly cooked. Very flavorful and melted in your mouth. The steaks came wth three sides. Bacon and cheese grits (to die for!!), asparagus, and potato gratin. Basically, we were full half way throught he steaks. After all that, you also got three desserts. So being as full as we were, we took them to go. He Cinnamon Monkey bread was exellent. Paula Dean would've loved the butter flavor. It simply melted in your mouth. There was also a chocolate cake and a fruit tart. All were yummy. Was a great food experience. Dropped $500 for two people, but how often do you get to eat this quality of food? Definitely reccommend if you have the time and the money. Great experience.
5	My husband and I came here for Valentines day and just loved it. We had a wonderful server (I believe her name was Sheryl or Sheralyn) and she took excellent care of us. We did the Chef's Beef selection which allowed us to sample a lot of different things from the menu. We LOVED the rolls that came out prior to our meal -- they were crispy on the outside and so soft inside with a hint of salt on the outside. Our first course came out -- we sample the Prosciutto, the baby bibb (which was my fave), shrimp cocktail, and the persian cucumber salad. Our second course ( we were able to pick 2 meats) so we did the domestic wagyu ribeye and filet mignon. Our sides were potatoes gratin, risotto and carrots. The meats were cooked perfectly and tasted so sublime. Our favorite side was the potatoes gratin but the risotto and carrots were yummy as well. Finally, our final course was dessert!! We sampled the cinnamon monkey bread (my husbands favorite), two sorbets, a caramel cheesecake (my favorite), and fruit sampler. The Chef's Beef selection was great because we sampled a lot of what was on the menu however it was slightly more pricey than just ordering a few things that we were interested in. We came back to Craftsteak another night we were in LV (that's how much we loved it!) and we just ordered what we liked and it was about $50-70 cheaper. That night I had the wagyu skirt steak which was also super yummy but a little too buttery for my liking. My husband had the regular filet mignon (non-wagyu) and he could tell a big difference in the meats. The second time around we tried the chocolate souffle which was good but no where near as yummy as the cheesecake or monkey bread. Over all we had a great experience both times we were there - both with service and food. The ambiance is somewhere between casual and romantic. We saw some people in jeans but we opted to dress a little nicer both times. Needless to say we will definitely return to eat here the next time we are in LV.
5	My husband and I waited rather late and thought our Valentines would be spent at the Denny's on the strip but MGM managed to find a few dinner openings for us and we settled on a late seating (10:30 to be exact) at CraftSteak. I was a bit concerned with having a reservation for the last seating of the night but we were not disappointed. Since everything is made from scratch as ordered it is all fresh and everything on the menu is available. Our waiter was a Swedish gentleman by the name of Peter and he was a delight. There were three other young men that assisted him at his four tables. The menu was overviewed for us and our waiter asked if we were wine drinkers or other. We asked him about his food preferences and he said for him it depended on what we wished to drink. When we expressed that we enjoyed wine he further explained the menu with foods that would complement the reds we wished to taste. We went with the Wagyu beef tasting for two. Our waiter suggested each of the dishes he planned to bring out letting us know that we could stop him at anytime to make a change in anything we did not want. He was spot on with the entire meal. It was the most amazing dining experience we have ever had. There was an so much food though but what we did not eat was packaged up for us to take back to our room. We had quite an amazing snack at about 3 a.m. after a late evening of gaming. We can not say enough about the food, service, and ambiance of this restaurant. Beware those rolls though, they are delicious and filling. Our waiter warned us about them early on so that we would have room for the wonderful food to come. In all we had four appetizers, two steak cuts, three accompaniments, and four dessert samplers. We plan another trip in May and I will be making reservations well in advance.
4	4 stars on everything other than their steak. Not that the steak was bad, but that would only register a 3.5 stars. Their cauliflower was crazy awesome, as were other sides and appetizers. Overall experience gets 4 stars.
5	We had a reservation and arrived 30 minutes early, planning on a short wait. They had a table openining and were quick to clear it and get us seated.We had the Domestic Nagyu Chef's tasting.Appetizer:- Shrimp Cocktail. Shrimp prepared perfectly and a cocktail sauce with perfect amount of bite.Three small salads: - Arugala Salad I am not a fan of Arugala salad, but theirs was excellent. - Persian Cucumber and Watercress, was better than average. - Itallian Buffalo Mozzarella with Hazelnuts, added a little twist that was very nice Steaks:Ribeye and Filet for the cuts of meat. Both cooked to perfection and as very delicious.Sides: - Brissel Sprouts, in season so on everyones menu and they didn't dissapoint - Au Gratin Potatoes, found out that my mother was undercooking the potatoes for my entire life. Both happy and sad at the same time, because I always loved my moms Au Gratin. Even if she were alive, I would have never told her this.Deserts: - Cinnamon Monkey Bread w/Vanilla Bean Ice Cream - Awesome - Sorbets, Coconut Lime and Rasberry - Chocolate Indulgence - Close second - Farmers Market FruitThe only let down to the entire meal was that they brought us four deserts when two would have sufficed... It is simply too much after that much provided in the prior courses.The service was top nothc from start to finish. A must stop for anyone. I am glad we did the tasting because I would have missed out on some excellent items i would have otherwise not have tried.
5	Absolutely amazing. Not much to add that other's haven't said. The tasting menu is expensive really god damn excellent in terms of getting a taste for the whole menu. Also, more steakhouses should have an entire mushroom section of their menu.
5	I actually had low expectations, as I had bad experience at Collichio & Sons in NY and the MGM shopping mall is not that amazing either. But was pleasantly surprised at this place. The space is large and beautiful so you don't even think about being in the middle of a shit mall. The staff is friendly. The food was great. The Waygu skirt steak was great and worth the $75. All the sides were yummy. Especially the grits. And the monkey bread dessert was amazing.
3	Came with a group of 6.Ordered the group Angus course, which was salads, then steaks and sides. Deserts at the end. Comes out to $129/ per person.I enjoyed most of the salads, except the kale - heavily salted. The steak cuts were mostly enjoyable. The horse raddish sauce was powerful. Of the sides, I enjoyed the pureed potato the most.The deserts were good, but overkill after all of that. Not a bad deal though.My biggest gripe is with their sommelier and their wine list. She needs a clue: I wanted a good dinner wine. I usually like leathery Grenache wines from Rhone Valley. I've had great ones for $40-$80 per bottle. Dinner wine/table wine. Instead, I'm inundated with a list of $1000 to $12000 wines. I like table wines. Great wines can be had for under $100. If a sommelier needs to keep pointing at pricey wines in order to recommend me a good wine for dinner, then they're not doing their job to me. They are a piss poor sommelier. I just want a decent dinner wine at a fair price. Get a god damn clue, and save your most over-priced grape juices for the whales. Understand how to read your customers so a simple dinner doesn't have to be so awkward and idiotic.I had to settle for a martini and a beer rather than a reasonable wine to go with my dinner. I was annoyed by that.Summary: Pro:Steaks were decent.Most of the appetisers were decent.Some of the sides were great.Decadent Deserts.Con:1.) They wouldn't take phone reservations. Forced us to come downstairs and forced us to wait around.2.) There needs to be a reasonable wine list for reasonable people - some of those thousand dollar wines are to be savored for an experience someone might want. I want a decent dinner wine. Get a clue.For half the price, I had a better experience at Wolfgang's CUT
5	wow, wow and wow. the hostesses are smokin hot, the tables are fancy and good sized, the chairs are comfy.the food. holy crap the food. We tried to call the hotel concierge for reservations and were told 10 pm was the next available (it was 6:45) so we decided to walk downstairs. Oddly enough we were seated immediately.I had the Wagyu Ribeye. It was phenomenal.My wife and daughter, the filet. The cut was epic. i've never seen a larger piece.the service was impeccable, i was overall impressed beyond amazement. On that note......... our total bill was $394.77 including tip, for 3. So as much as i was impressed, it damn well better have been amazing. final summation, very good value.
4	Food was good. Not bad but I would not go back. Service was so slow I wanted to kill myself....Our service a Swiss older gentleman was really nice , however the service was soooo slow , i wanted to go to sleep and dream about Pink Panther ( don't ask me why)The steaks were all yummy. I got filet mignon. Perfectly cooked.Sides were good but nothing special. The mushroom was a let down.Dessert-- monkey bread was OMG so gooood.
4	I had a signature ribeye steak here. Very juicy and good flavor. The food and atmosphere had a certain memorability to it. Totally recommend. The potatoes au gratin. Off the hook!! Ok that sounds corny. But they were...
4	We shared the rib eye, which was grilled and seasoned to perfection.  It was amazing!  We also had a salad, fingerling potatoes, and grilled veggies.  The only thing that didn't come through was the dessert.  We ordered 6 scoops of sorbet/ice cream.  One of the flavors was mango/passionfruit and it was unbearably sour and in my opinion inedible.  The dessert should be be spot on as this is your last chance to make a great impression.  Unfortunately it left a sour taste in our mouths.  And when we notified the waiter, he didn't really apologize or ask if we'd like another flavor.  Other than that, it was an amazing dining experience!
3	Dinner there on Saturday.  7 of us celebrating a birthday.  We had the chef's choice surf and turf menu and wine pairing.  The meats were terrific, sides excellent, wine smartly chosen and plentiful and our server Marvin was pleasant and a pro.  Star count would have been higher but the surf in the surf and turf was overcooked lobster and not just a little overcooked.  Rubber city. We said something but were dismissed.  I would have made a bigger deal but did not want to ruin the occasion for the guest of honor.  When multiple guests complain and leave quite a bit of lobster on the table uneaten. there is a problem that they should have addressed.  Bill was well over $1200 and the lobster was $30 per person.  They should have eaten that loss because we certainly did not want to eat the lobster
4	Service was excellent - our server was very knowledgeable about both the wines and menu and encouraged us ("We're not toooo hungry") to share - which was the right choice!Our steaks (the bone in strip & the filet) were both very large cuts.  The strip was perfectly cooked, and the filet a bit under - but still delicious.  For sides we loved the potato puree, roasted Brussels sprouts, and Bibb salad.  We also ordered the roasted butternut squash but had to send it back as half of it was completely undercooked.We also enjoyed two desserts - the baked souffle and the kind of "deconstructed" creme brulee... to die for!  It was pricey, but worth what we paid.  Would I go back? Ehhh... on the fence... with so many options, can't say I would or wouldn't.
4	I was staying at the MGM so it was quite convenient to have this restaurant downstairs.The atmosphere was quite comfortable sitting at table in the bar area.The wine list was broad enough that I was able to find "reasonable" priced selections that worked well.We split a lobster to start. It was supposed to be 2.5 lbs and maybe it was but out of the shell it was a few choice bites for each. The Kumamoto oysters were divine.Kept it simple with the dry aged strip that was super tasty yet slightly cooked past my medium rare request. The mushrooms were a very interesting assortment so we got a mix of all of them. All in all everything was good to very good. The service was spot on and being so convenient in my hotel a short walk to the elevator made for a pleasant dinner.
1	Had a reservation at Craftsteak on a recent Thursday night.  The hostess would not even look up from her podium when she hardly gave us an insincere verbal acknowledgement that was a simple and bothered-sounding "hi".   We asked if we could sit side by side at a table and with her same bothered demeanor we were told sure but it could be 10-15 mins.  About 30 mins later with NO communication we asked the hostess for an update.  Again we were made to feel like we were being a bother and life would be easier for the greeter (and the manager who we called over) if we just left.  So we did.  And took a taxi over to Ocean Club at the Crystal Shops where we had a fantastic experience start to finish.  On a side note, as we waited in the bar for our table we saw a lot of food being delivered to tables that looked and smelled amazing.  But there are far better places in Vegas that will give hospitable service from the point of entry as well as great good food.
5	If you have the money and want to spend it on a great steak dinner, this challenges any steakhouse I've been in.   Enjoy the great scotches, steaks, and atmosphere.   Just a fun place for good food and elegant surrounding.
1	I have lived in Vegas for 11 years and have eaten at most every steak place in town.  In my opinion, Craftsteak has terrible cuts.  Their fillet was tough and dry with a strange flavor (medium rare).  Their mushrooms were stale and asparagus was old.  The service was mediocre at best, I felt neglected on water refills.  It was not just the fillet but also the t-bone my wife had.  The T-bone was very thin and tasted very strange, almost a chemical flavor like the solution they used to clean the grill.
5	The food and service was just simply amazing here. My husband treated me to this amazing place on Valentine's day and we ordered so much only because everything was so darn good. Seafood Sampler was to die for!!  The wagyu beef tartar was ok a bit over powered by sesame seed oil.  But the porterhouse steak for 2 was just melt in your mouth,  slice it with your fork bomb-diddley-iscious!! What you pay is what you get...  from service to food quality. I am definitely coming back here. Keep up the amazing work management and staff!!
4	Service was solid, steak was amazing.  Tuna tartar was one of the best i have had in the USA.  Well done Tom!
2	As an avid fan of Top Chef, I have watched Tom Colicchio on so many occasions shred a chef for failure to season food, especially not to use salt and pepper.  Imagine my surprise to find underseasoned food in every course at Craftsteak.  At $300 for dinner for two with one drink and one glass of wine, no dessert, I do expect better than this.  The starter of lobster salad was very good, just woefully underseasoned, lacking both salt and pepper and not tasting very much of the ginger alleged to be in the dressing.  My very expensive shrimp cocktail had a very faint taste of iodine which really surprised me.  Moving to the salad course, my partner's beet salad featured under-roasted and bland beets with no salt to speak of and a dressing so mild as to be nearly nonexistent.  My salad of persian cucumber was nearly undressed and the vinaigrette tasted barely of lemon juice and olive oil.  There was no savor to the dish at all.  Since everything is a la carte, here, $14 for unseasoned raw veggies is not the way to my heart.I will say the short rib main was delicious.  My bone-in prime NY steak was a flavorsome cut of meat, but the absence of seasoning did not enhance the steak.  While the room was very nice and service good, underseasoned food in every course pretty much ruined the experience for me.  The side dishes were generous portions, but ran the gamut in quality.  Asparagus was bitter and a bit woody.  Grits were very nice if in need of a bit of salt.  The mushroom assortment was undercooked.  The Maui onions were the star side at our table.  Quite good.  Again, for what this place charges, they need better quality control.  I could not in good conscience recommend this place to friends, because at this level, the food ought to be well-seasoned and well-prepared, every course, every time.  I know "celebrity" chefs are too busy to actually cook in their eponymous venues, but they could at least hire executive chefs who would occasionally taste the offerings to find out what the line cooks are doing.  The wine list is quite extensive with some very nice offerings, but with such variable quality in the food, it would be frustrating to order a special vintage if the food was as uneven as we experienced.  In short, would not return here since there are too many truly wonderful places in Las Vegas.
5	Really enjoyed this restaurant! We arrive a bit early for our reservations, and were still seated within minutes. My husband and I were able to enjoy a couple of cocktails and then a half bottle of wine (this combination was suggested by the sommelier), and shared the filet mignon and the rib eye, with sides of brussel sprouts and risotto. Everything was just amazing and our steaks were perfectly cooked to medium rare. The sprouts and risotto were flavorful and rich. We were a little bit overwhelmed by the wine list, which was mostly full of wines that were priced much higher than we would consider ($200-$3,000 a bottle). But we were still able to find a good, though very small, selection of more reasonably priced wines. We would have liked to try an appetizer or dessert, but we were sort of crunched for time so didn't have the chance. Maybe next time!
5	Food is amazing. Service is even better. My wife and I have gone here for our last three anniversaries and we have never been disappointed. It is a bit expensive but you get what you pay for. We always get the 4 course tasting menu. The salads and soup are a great start. The meat was cooked perfectly. I always come back for the mushroom sampler platter. It is the perfect compliment to any steak. We will be back for sure.
5	Hands down the best food I have ever had! Craft will undoubtedly be one of my stops the next time I go to Vegas. It's definitely pricey, but well worth it in my opinion. The steak is so tender and juicy, you can cut it with a fork. Everything is absolutely amazing at this restaurant!!!
5	Food was wonderful - service was great!!!  Large portions - sides were enough for 2.  Had reservations & was seated immediately..  Pear martini was delicious.  Another treat on the menu was Monkey Bread for desert.... Food was pricey but worth the experience....
4	We had a work dinner on St. Paddy's day - it was wonderful.  Everything was served family style and everything was just plain old delicious.  We started with organic greens, and a plate of prosciutto - both were awesome: well seasoned and well executed.  The mains were rib eye, salmon, chicken with a side of risotto, mushrooms and asparagus.  Everything was just great esp the rib eye (as it should be since it's a steak house afterall).  But the best part of the meal was the dessert - the chocolate banana bread cake was to die for (in fact, I had an extra one to-go!).  But so was the awesome cinnabon-like glazed doughnut - it was just too die for!  I'd come back here just for that.
5	Every time I go to Las Vegas, I always make a point to dine here. There are hundreds of steakhouses in Vegas, and I've tried many, but I always compare every steakhouse to meet Craftsteak standards and none has so far (Cut comes close). Their domestic waygu surf and turf tasting menu is fantastic. They give you 3 meats to share: hanger, strip, and ribeye with sides and can't recall what fish was included. The meat melts in your mouth and everyone leaves so happy and full. I've ordered this for my brothers bachelor party and when I'm here for business with other colleagues and clients. When I'm in Vegas alone for business, I like sitting at their bar and order grilled hanger steak. Best bargain in Vegas in my opinion for a great steak. From their service, the decor, and to a great selection of wines, Craftsteak is my favorite steakhouse in Vegas!
4	This was a very good dining experience. Having visited high end steak houses all around the world, I would say our actual food and drink experience at Craftsteak was delicious and the service very nice (with some gentle requests...a table not next to the service stand, and time to enjoy our pre-meal cocktail). All requests were honored, and the service and meal memorable. My only complaint...if we are dropping $500 on dinner, please do not run your vaccum until we have finished our after dinner cordial. I look forward to returning.
5	We had a lovely dinner experience this past Tuesday at Craftsteak. It was our first time dining there and were guests at the MGM Grand.My scallops were absolutely phenomenal and my husband's steak was also wonderful. We loved the sides and SERVICE, but the monkey bread and apple creme brulee desserts were the pinnacle of our dinners. Our only complaint is the number of men allowed to wear hats in such a fine dining establishment. No staff made the attempt to ask them to remove them.We look forward to our next experience at Craftsteak.
3	My girlfriend and I have been to the Craftsteak at MGM Foxwoods a number of times prior to it closing and I would give that location 5 stars. Our experience here wasn't as enjoyable.We decided to give it a try Wednesday night. Having looked on opentable the day or so prior, it seemed like there were plenty of times available so I didn't bother making a reservation. When we arrived at 8:15, we were told the soonest we could be seated was 9:30.We decided to look elsewhere to eat. While doing so, out of curiosity I decided to take a peak at my opentable app and was able to book a reservation at 8:45, which caused us some confusion. Why couldn't they have booked this reservation at the hostess desk? We show back up at 8:45, were seated within a minute, and walked by several open tables at the bar which we specificied earlier would have been fine. Kind of left a bad taste in our mouths to start. Every time we've gone to Craftsteak at Foxwoods, we'd share the wagyu ribeye and it was easily the best steak I've ever had, every time. Worth every penny of the $100+. We ordered what we assumed was the same waygu ribeye, but it was unmistakably different. It was the leanest ribeye I've ever had, from the Texas Roadhouse to Grill 32 Boston. If I was told it was a sirloin, I'd think yeah this pretty good...for a sirloin.The Foxwood's steak was cut to be shared and the marbleization was so extensive the pieces would fall apart as you lifted it, and those smaller pieces would melt in your mouth. A knife was not needed. I did some research, finding the Craftsteak at Foxwoods menu PDF, even though they closed: http://www.foxwoods.com/uploadedFiles/Pages/Dine/craftsteak_menu.pdf. They were both 14 oz wagyu ribeyes, but the one at Foxwoods specifies the grade (8) and the farm (Sher Ranch, Australia), and was also $134 vs the $105. We were told by the manager they get their meat from the same farm as the other locations. I didn't have these details at the time, but it didn't matter, it was not comparable. The price different is my only objective evidence of these steaks being of different grades and/or from a different ranch.What saved the rating was the service. We voiced our confusion and slight dissatisfaction, and they were more than willing to replace it but we declined. To our surprise, they comped the steak which was shocking considering the price.
5	Love this place!! We eat here at least once when were in town,normally we come here our last night in Vegas for a great and wonderful evening dinner.The Kobe and Wagyu beef is phenomenal and prepared excellent!! The beef practically melts in your mouth.
5	Classy, but pricey! I loved loved this place, but wow do you pay for it. 6 of us topped 830 bucks for wine, dinner, and apps. Didnt eat a bad thing though, but loke I said, you pay for that privilege! Stop in for a special occasion!
5	Amazing! There were 4 of us and we shared 2 steaks- plenty of food! We had a filet mignon and a sirloin which were both amazing cooked medium. The sides we chose were carrots, Maui onion and grits all to die for! The raspberry martini is sweet and a must have. The staff was also great and on a week day we called an hour before and got a reservation- highly recommended and came in here with high expectations!
5	Order anything... it's great.I have been there many times over the years.  It is my favorite steakhouse, second only to Pappas Brothers in Houston, now that Ben Benson's in NY is closed.
5	We love this place - we discovered it in December and have been back multiple times. The service is great, the food is really good (scallop skewers are PERFECT), and we love the build-out. We like to eat in the bar because we feel like we are floating over the gaming floor. High, high recommend!
5	Top quality steak. Had the domestic wagyu ribeye. It was delicious. I did sample a friend's wagyu skirt steak, which was really tender and juicy. Good appetizers and great service as well. Making myself hungry just thinking about it.
5	Tom oh, Tom... How do we "Colicchio" our other meals???  Would you come to our house?  My stomach would pay dearly for your services.  The staff was terrific, the food was excellent across the board.  Using such high quality of meat brings an air of unusually soft and flavorful mouthfeel to your palate.  I'm coming back... I think my stomach has already made a reservation!Steve
3	The service was fine but the food was average.  I shared the porterhouse which was cooked well. However, it came already cut (which is something I'm not used to and don't like). The potatoes au gratin was not quite cooked all the way. There were a few layers of potato that was a bit crunchy. The eggplant side was delicious though.Craft didn't have the worst food but I left thinking, eh. The decor for the most part is appealing except the portraits of cows lined up on the walls which made me think that I was eating the steak of that cow so I find that to be in bad taste.The monkey bread dessert was delicious. The price was typical vegas price--about three times the amount it should be.Overall. I wouldn't spend my own money or suggest this place with so many other options in Vegas.
2	The best part about Craftsteak was their dinner rolls.  Hot, fresh, salty and perfect with a slab of butter.  Other than that, the steak and sides didn't impress anyone in our group.  I shared the Porterhouse for two and quite frankly didn't even end up finishing it.  The steak wasn't seasoned well and had bit of gristle and huge chunks of fat.  For the sides we went with the turnips which were just ok.  Everyone else ordered the surf and turf and weren't impressed as well.  Next time we'll have to go to CUT.
5	An amazing meal! You must try the signature Short Rib dish - a very generous portion! Prompt seating, attentive service from table team and attention from everyone encountered. I will definitely be returning to this restaurant!
5	This was my first trip to Vegas since turning 21 so I wanted to go out to an amazing restaurant while I was there. I am a big top chef fan and wanted to try Tom Colicchio's restaurant knowing it would be awesome considering how high his standards are. I went in with high expectations to this dinner and let me just say that this restaurant surpassed my expectations. I can't say enough good things about my experience at Craftsteak. First, we had the chilled oysters. AMAZING. I wanted 100 more of them! If you're a seafood person like myself then starting off with these is an excellent choice. They are light and won't fill you up. I had read on Craftsteak's website that the lobster bisque was one of their signature items and now I know why. Wow. It was mouth watering. Hands down one of the best dishes I've ever had in my life and I've eaten some pretty amazing food. I was blown away. You can't come to this restaurant and not order this item. For my entree, I ordered the flat iron steak. It was cooked to perfection, no surprise there. I could have cut my steak with my fork; that's how tender it was. It was absolutely delicious. But what really blew me away was the risotto. I could eat that risotto every day for the rest of my life. They should put the risotto as one of their signature items if they haven't already. Aside from the spectacular food, the service was IMPECCABLE. Our server was so kind, so efficient, and just wonderful. Not only was our server terrific, but the busser and the person who ran out the food to us were so polite and nice as well. I've never had such good service before. We got drinks at the bar before our dinner and the bartenders were awesome as well. Also, the ambiance is lovely. I loved the interior. I wanted an amazing dinner in Vegas and that was what I got an then some. Tom Colicchio has high standards as a judge on top chef and those high standards show in his restaurant as well. This was the best dinner I've ever had in my life and I cannot wait to go back and eat here again. It was a very expensive dinner but it was completely worth every penny.
5	This place is the best part of mgm grand, the lobster bisque is amazing. I love how they put the bowl in front of you with big chunks of lobster and then pour the bisque over it. It is honestly the best lobster bisque I have ever had. The filet was really good as well. Mm now I'm craving the bisque.
3	Great food...what else can you say about top chef, tom colicchio...service was out if this world...our waiter Marvin had a slick, smooth way about him that spelled class. We had the kobe tasting menu and holy smokes that wagyu beef is amazing...so much flavor and tenderness....off the charts...sides were awesome and the bread...OMG!!!!!!
5	Another wonderful meal here!  Probably my favorite steak place ever, they just do everything well.  Maybe it is a tad pricey but it is worth it for the care they take in their food!  I plan my meal around a few things: Lobster bisque soup, potato puree, cinnamon monkey bread.  Normally I get a steak but have some leftovers to save room for the monkey bread as I will tell you it may be the best thing ever! Great staff, great food, great dining experience!
4	This was my first time to Craftsteak but i have to say there food is really good. I was in Vegas for Sema show and my company took us out to dinner to this place and they said over whatever you want so i went with the 32 oz porterhouse steak. It was massive but destroyed that dish. It was like a man vs food meal. It has such great flavor and they gave me the bone marrow to such out of the bone it was delicious. I highly recommend this place its very upscale steakhouse. A little expensive though.
3	. My boy friends T-bone steak was amazing.The risotto with peas may have been the high point of the meal for me.
5	If you have the money and the time I would definitely recommend the chefs tasting menu.  I went into it thinking it was going to be little bites of food here and there. It started with our maitre d' asking if we wanted an alcoholic drink.  I decided to have sparkling water (two bottles in total) which I later came to find out was 8 bucks a piece.  It was a good addition to the rich food but helped our final bill climb. I can't remember all of the items that ended up coming to our table but every one of them was substantial and oh so tasty.  The mashed potatoes are a must have even if you are just having a steak get the potatoes you will enjoy them.  The meats including Wagyu skirt, strip and lobster melted in my mouth.  The lobster came with a parsnip butter sauce.  All I can say was oh my goodness.  It also came with the potatoes I mentioned earlier, asparagus, wild mushrooms and a grain of some kind.  When dessert came out they had brought several different plates and I was expecting to get to pick one.  OH NO they all were for me.  Cheese cake, two kinds of ice cream, chocolate mousse, seasonal berries and the ever so delicious monkey bread.  By the time the bill came it was just around 400.00 including tip.  The experience was worth it for this foodie.  My full tummy felt like it was going to burst for hours after and was pretty uncomfortable even the next day.
5	The most I have ever spent on dinner and I say worth EVERY penny.  I had the most memorable and enjoyable birthday dinner here.  I'd say a must visit while in Vegas.  Go hungry!My boyfriend and I had the chef's menu with two cuts of steak.  Probably the best steak I've had in a restaurant.  I loved the presentation of the steak- in a skillet with the meat cut into strips with care.  The sides and starters were definitely not a throw away.  I think I could have licked the bowl of the lobster bisque.Then when I though we were done, the dessert came!  Came with our chef's menu.  In addition- they gave me a happy birthday monkey bread!The service was top notch.  Not a flaw and perfect timing from when we sat down all the way to dessert.  While the service was in teams...which I am not sure I liked...they really made sure we had what we needed and were enjoying it.Minor complaint- the chef's tasting menu was a little hard to understand when reading from the menu..but our waiter was very patient with us.  I am glad that we decided to order this!I am definitely going back to Craftsteak the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	I've been to a lot of amazing steakhouses in Las Vegas.Craftsteak just didn't do it for me. It's not that they served bad food (other than serving me a medium steak when I ordered medium rare), it's just that at this price point (about $200/person) it should be absolutely exceptional, and everything was just average. The only real plus to the place is the noise level wasn't over the top so you could conduct a little business during the meal without effort.
5	This restaurant was incredible. Great service and top notch food. You've got to try the lobster bisque. Unbelievable. If you like scotch this place is scotch heaven. It has one of, if not the biggest selections, of scotch in the western United States.Alexis was our server and she is a true professional and personable. Craftsteak is a must!
5	There are few times a restaurant is able to continue to out do itself year after year in service, food and providing a memorable experience -- Craftsteak is one of those restaurants.  We've tried other top notch steakhouses in LV and none have been able to beat this place. The food is expertly prepared, the servers are knowledgeable and friendly and you never feel rushed to open up the table for the next party. If you try nothing else, you must experience the steak tartare. It is mana from the gods!
5	There is stiff competition in Las Vegas for exceptional restaurants, and despite the crazy long walk back into the district of the MGM Grand, it was one of my all time favorite restaurants. 1. Unlike many restaurants in Vegas, our reservation meant something and we were instantly seated, where a server was already waiting for us at our table.2. Very knowledgable about wine pairings and let my husband try a few to get just the right one. 3. Plenty of space, so it still felt intimate, yet you could still enjoy the cozy yet modern decor (Edison lights hanging, are my favorite)4. Food was timed perfectly between courses.5. My sea bass and his waygu filet were sensational, a party for your mouth. We had sugar snap peas and au gratin potatoes, which I am pretty sure we both wanted to lick the bowls.6. Superior service the whole way through the meal and created a very special night out for us!
4	I came here with a group of 11 guys while in Vegas. We were happy with our choice and thought it was worth the price tag. The service and atmosphere were great, although we all thought the cartoony cow pictures on the wall were a little unsettling.We were able to try a lot of things being in such a big group, which definitely added to the experience. The rolls we were initially served look incredible and tasted almost as good as they looked. As for sides, the Shiitake mushrooms and whipped potatoes were both mediocre and the fingerlings were bland. The potato gratin was delicious and creamy, and the broccoli was superb with unique seasoning. All of the steaks I tried were superb. I had the Wagyu skirt steak (a suggestion from the server), which was incredibly tender, moist, and flavorful. I wouldn't put these in the top steaks I've ever tried, but they were close to reaching that bracket.For dessert, a couple of us shared the monkeybread, which was like a cinnamon bread pudding served with ice cream. It was spectacular--probably the biggest wow of the night. Save room for this dessert!
5	Hands down the best dining experience of my life!!! From the second we got there the service was superb. Our table wasn't ready yet so we had a drink at the bar first. The bartender was incredibly knowledgeable and gave me a great glass of wine. Once seated the waiter took us through their menu point by point and made us feel very comfortable with everything. We ended up going with a tasting menu with the Japanese Wagu beef. It started with a salad tasting menu. Each was better then the last. We probably got full just on the salads!!! The next course was the beef with the sides. We got the New York Strip and a Filet. The sides were the asparagus, mushrooms, and the mashed potatoes. Everything was melt in your mouth amazing, including the beef!!! I don't think I've ever eaten a steak that good and I don't think I ever will. When dessert came we were almost comatose with the amount of food we had already had so we just took it to go and went to our suite and enjoyed it later. Once we had digested a little of our amazing dinner!!!A must go to while you're in Vegas!! Can't wait to try the Craft in LA!!!
5	Ive been here several times and every time it is an amazing experience. The service is fantastic and the food is even better. The steaks are always cooked perfectly and the sides are also amazing. They have a great wine and whisky selection as well. I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	Get Brianna!!
5	Really great place! Quality is amazing. Maybe best fish I've ever had. Everything I tasted was delicious:)
2	Steak restaurants in Las Vegas, like internet cat sites,  exist in a hyper competitive cut throat market. Some places that would be thebomb.com in other markets just can't cut the mustard when compared to Vegas Gold Standards like Carne Vino or Outback. IMHO Craftsteak is just such a restaurant- it is pretty good, but given its similar in cost to just about every steak place on the strip it isn't one I would recommend. I always get the same thing first time around- Bone in Ribeye, Potato side, Mac and Cheese- except for they don't have mac and cheese- terrorists win :(. The Steak- the bone in ribeye was mediocre at best. Ordered medium rare the meat was barely pink which was a huge misstep. It didn't have a very good crust and was sort of bland- given how often TC yells at people on Top Chef for incorrectly seasoning, and given it was a steak and should have enough salt on it to choke a deer, this was pretty disappointing. Now again, if this was your first Vegas steak experience you could overlook this and still have a pretty good meal. But if you have been to other great steak restaurants in the area these mistakes become more crushing. Now I will say- their specialty is clearly the more expensive steaks (US and Australian Wagyu, Kobe... or Japanese Wagyu? Does anyone know what these things mean? Nope? Ok I figured). So I will admit the fault could lie with me not going for a big boy steak. Potato Gratin-this was actually pretty top notch. It has a garlic cream sauce that is STRONG so if you are on a date or with a fancy prostitute you may want to stay away.White Corn Grits- I'm from the dirty south so naturally I had to order this. It's not exactly what you would expect if you have been raised on three Michelin star restaurants like Waffle House- but it is chock full of so much bacon and gruyere cheese that you can't really go wrong. DessertThe Monkey Bread is pretty amazing- overall the sides and dessert were the stars of this meal with the steak more of a creepy extra lurking in the corner. If I went back here I would probably skip the steak altogether and get more apps/sides/desserts.
5	I warn you my review may not necessarily represent the main reason you'd come here for: STEAK. So if you're looking to see how that was, I cannot help you with that.With that being said, everything I did order was perfection. Their warm bread with just enough sea salt was an epic way to start out the evening.  I began my delicious journey with the avocado appetizer which was to die for. Most of my colleagues regretted their choices (which were delightful themselves) after tasting mine! It was truly that good. Then came my scallops, which were cooked to sheer perfection. We ordered various side dishes for the table , all of which were excellent. I wish I could name them all, but after endless bottles of Pinot Grigio, the night was a tad fuzzy.What I do remember crystal clear is what was what I considered "la piece de resistance" of the evening. MONKEY BREAD! I dug into that monkey bread like I was making sweet love to it. I forgot if anyone wanted a piece. Quite honestly, I did not care. It was ooey gooey, crunchy, warm, sweet, decadent, naughty and oh so wicked. It was bliss. Eventually I was forced to pass it around, but I probably ate most of it. I love you, Monkey Bread.
4	We had literally just eaten at Earl of Sandwich like 2 or 3 hrs ago and nobody was hungry...but I'lll be gawdamned if I'm not gonna grab a steak from one of my favorite bald ass chefs of all time whilst in sin city.ASPARAGUShttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tom-colicchios-craftsteak-las-vegas-2?select=RpRac7faUh0xTnh7l6tnwQ#RpRac7faUh0xTnh7l6tnwQThis is what $15 worth of weird smelling pee looks like.  It tasted great btw...the asparagus....not my pee.HANGAR STEAKhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tom-colicchios-craftsteak-las-vegas-2?select=RpRac7faUh0xTnh7l6tnwQ#ij_QQBzoVZLyi_byXqIxkAI went cheap and just got the $36 hangar steak.  I remember thinking...this better be the best damn hangar steak I've ever had in my life....luckily....it was....BUT just a bit overcooked from the medium rare I asked for but still damn good.FILET MIGNONhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tom-colicchios-craftsteak-las-vegas-2?select=RpRac7faUh0xTnh7l6tnwQ#NHzK-xRK4EXoORJ0hjf8yQThe wife's "go to" cut of meat.  Not too shabby for $56.....I guess.RIBEYEhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tom-colicchios-craftsteak-las-vegas-2?select=RpRac7faUh0xTnh7l6tnwQ#Ih4UY4l7CzOtgmUNXIr1ZgThis was free.MOOOOOOOOOO.
5	Butternut squash soup is EXQUISITE! All the food is remarkable, a real treat for your palate. The service is outstanding, and the atmosphere is relaxed. Perfection every visit!
4	Craftsteak is worth every penny. We didn't have a reservation, and had show tickets afterwards, neither thing was an issue at all. We got a table with very little wait, they took our drink order and brought out these delicious fresh from the oven rolls. These rolls, are still piping hot when they get to the table, and they just melt in your mouth. At first bite, I knew things would go well.We ordered our meals, and while waiting kept refilling our drinks and bringing us more rolls...I think we were starting to get full just from those amazing rolls. Out comes our food. As a group of 3, we decided to order only 2 sides and slipt them between us, the sides are huge and easily fed the three of us. We ordered the asparagus and the potato gratin. Both were delicious.For my main I ordered the t-bone steak, that thing filled up my plate, it was huge! Something I definitely was not expecting, most steakhouses give you such a tiny portion. The steak was perfectly cooked, juicy and tender I didn't even use the knife provided to cut it, wasn't needed it was that tender.This place is definitely worth a visit.
5	Definitely a steakhouse that offers to fill you and your friends up with high quality meat and appetizers.Its all about quality but not quantity here....so grab your AMEX and get ready to spend on their renditions of steak, potato puree, assorted muchrooms and brussell sprouts!Perfect spot for a classy dinner before a night out in vegas.
5	FOODFrom a recommendation of a friend I went with the NY Strip Bone-in, Dry Aged Roasted Steak. My friend was right. The steak was perfectly cooked, juicy, and flavorful. It had already slid of the bone by the time it reached me. I really wanted to try the wagyu, but I didn't want to have to sell a kidney.I also ordered the Fries, which might sound average, but these are soaked in sherry vinegar before frying, and topped with smoked paprika. They're delicious.DRINKSA very good selection of various alcoholic beverages, but my attention went to the Whiskey. They have several smokey whiskeys and scotches and was able to try one that wasn't even on the menu yet, the Audbeg. Smooth, smokey and I wanted more.PRICENot cheap. Probably the opposite of cheap, but it's Tom Colicchio, so you'd be ignorant to think otherwise.
5	Once again Craft did not disappoint. There were 4 of us and we did the tasting menu. 4 different steaks with 4 appetizers, 4 sides & 6 desserts. Steaks were cooked perfectly and the waiter couldn't of picked better dishes for us. Highly recommend this place!!
5	My sister and I each pick a new restaurant to try every year in Vegas and highly enjoyed craftsteak.  We didn't do a tasting menu, but each had a bone-in ribeye.  The steaks were done perfectly and I thought had tons of flavor, but I'm a sucker for even a standard ribeye.  We got spinach and fries as sides, which were both delicious.  I'm just starting to like cooked spinach and this was done really simply but well-garlic, salt, and cooked well.  The fries have smoked paprika, which I love and were crispy.
4	My spouse, a friend, and I dined at Craftsteak while visiting Las Vegas in March 2014. This was on our list of can't-miss restaurants, and I think that overall, they lived up to our expectations. We each ordered the same steak entree, each of which was prepared to our preferred level of doneness, which is to be expected at a steakhouse of this caliber. Side dishes were delightful- we shared the white corn grits and the heirloom cauliflower with garlic confit. The staff also kept us well stocked on fresh-baked yeast rolls, which were jaw-droppingly good.Cocktails were yummy, but not extraordinary. Atmosphere was lovely and conducive to conversation. My only complaint is that our server did not tell us that sides were family-sized, and so our party ended up over ordering a bit compared to what we would have if we'd been better informed of portions. Overall, we had a great time and would recommend Craftsteak to others.
5	Our group of 8 arrived for our 8:30 reservation and were seated promptly. We all decided to do the domestic wagyu tasting menu ($145/person). Our total bill came to be about $1,500 after tax & tip w/ wine and other drinks included. IT WAS SO TOTALLY WORTH IT! To be honest, my expectations weren't too high for Crafsteak, but I left mindblown (my stomach was goin to explode too LOL). We basically had a feast fit for way more than 8 people. Service and food were excellent!! Overall it was3 courses and for each course, the servers came out with the dishes in symphony.They start you off w/ their addicting bread which I regret eating so much of because it filled up my stomach space. The bread comes out hot & fresh in a rectangle cast iron skillet. The butter is sooo good w/ the bread. It's some sort of hawaiian roll w/ sea salt sprinkled on top. So buttery, rich, fluffy, and flavorful w/ a hint of sweetness. We got 2 rounds of bread cause it was so goodFirst Course: Salads & appsCaesar Salad - Unique twist to a classic salad. The romaine lettuces were left full in leaf form rather than cut. The dressing wasn't heavy and the minced anchovies weren't overpowering.Baby Bibb - the buttermilk blue cheese & bacon complemented the salad very well. Normally my bf & I don't like blue cheese, but the way it was incorporated in this dish made it light and tasty.Avocado Salad - Light lemon vinaigrette dressing and PLENTY of avocado fans. The avocados were all ripe and smooth as a baby's butt.Hand cut Wagyu tartare- I LOVE TARTARE and I totally could have eaten this w/out the crostini. There's also a small raw quail yolk right in the middle of the tartare. I liked eating this app w/ the bread they provided in the beginningProscuitto San Daniele - KILL ME. The best proscuitto I've had. Not overly salty and it was delicious w/ the pears. It tasted even better wrapped around the cheese garlic breadsticks providedShrimp cocktail - fresh plump shrimp, but it was like any other shrimp cocktailProscuitto Risotto - OMFG the risotto is THE BEST I've ever had. OUT OF THIS WORLD AMAZING. It contained english peas and scallions mixed in. The risotto had that creamy rich texture that just melts in your mouth. I couldn't stop eating this, had to force myself to stop so that I could share it w/ the rest of the table.Potato Puree - Yukon GOLD POTATOES!! It was really creamy/smooth. I actually prefer this over Joel Robuchon's mashed potatoes.For the vegetables we had asparagus, baby carrots w/ honey, snap peas w/ romesco & shallots, Mushroom assortment, Zucchini w/ maui onions. All of the vegetables were cooked perfectly. My fav were the assorted mushrooms (it included all the mushrooms like shiitake, french horn, etc) & baby carrots. The only bad dish of the night were the french fries. They weren't crispy enough2nd Course: MEATSWe basically had a whole cow on the table. Overall 8 cast iron dishes of diff cuts were laid out at the table. Half cooked medium rare and half medium. Each one had a nice beautiful red warm center w/ the perfect outside searNY strip - normally I don't like NY strip 'cause it's too lean and dry, but the NY strip cut here was my 2nd fav of the meat dishes! It looked lean, but was really juicy and soft yet flavorfulOutside skirt - #1 fav for the table. This was the only plate that was gone at the end of the night. It was so melt in your mouth delicious! Tender and savory, best outside skirt I've hadRibeye - lots of fat, but was a bit more chewy than the other cutsFilet Mignon - Not as tender as most filet mignons I've had, was my 4th fav dish.Flat Iron - my 3rd fav dish! Came in a huge plate and we killed half of it. It was similar in taste to the outside skirt, but not quite as tender/softPorterhouse - 4th fav dish of the night! Oh man for a dry aged steak, it was delish. My friend has had their porterhouse at Crafsteak in NY and said it tasted just as good as the NY location.3rd course: DessertsIce cream - Banana, Pistachio, white chocolate, and mixed berry swirl, and raspberry sorbet. The sorbet was a bit sour, I enjoyed the ice creams more especially pistachioCinnamon Monkey bread - I was so excited to try this since everyone kept talking about it. For some reason it didn't get topped w/ vanilla ice cream, but it was still good. The pecan toffee sauce made it addicting. This tastes basically like a cinnamon roll, but not as sweetChocolate Indulgence - Chocolate cake w/ caramel on the bottom. It was just okCaramel Cheesecake - Light & airy, but I prefer Capital Grille's cheesecake.Apple caramel tart - Was basically like an apple pie tart. It wasn't overly sweet and the crust just lightly crumbles in your mouth. Loved itFarmers Market Fruit - Everyone's favorite! Came w/ an assortment of fresh fruits. Our fav were the kumquat, starfruit, passionfruit, tangerine, and strawberry. Each were sweet and ripeI'll be back to try the surf & turf tasting menu!
4	Awesome food! Steaks are amazing! And service is great too,. 1.5 less star as we asked for 3 different steaks (filet mignon, prime, ny strip) all medium rare but they were cooked -really- differently, one too cooked, the other one not enough. I was fine with it but it did bother my friends. But great experience overall
5	let's begin by clarifying that I don't give out 5 stars haphazardly. It's gotta be special. Craft was, indeed, special.I had the task of trying to find somewhere for a business/client dinner after a conference day. We decided on steak, so I looked for steakhouses in Vegas. Of course I love Tom Colicchio, so I figured Craftsteak had to be a good bet, coupled with other Yelp reviews, I made my choice.From calling to set up the reservation for 11, to arriving and being greeted, seated, and served, the entire experience was fantastic. I was not disappointed in one single thing.The 11 of us opted to order separate entrees and a bevvy of sides to share. I'll get to that in a minute. First, I want to comment on the Dark and Stormy that I ordered. One of my favorite drinks, a close second to the Moscow Mule, this one was hands down one of the best drinks I've ever had. Try it, prove me wrong.As far as food, I ordered a fresh mozzarella with tomato and balsamic reduction appetizer, and it was creamy, fresh and delicious.  I also wanted to try the famed Hangar steak after hearing a co-worker rave about it. It was every bit as good as he made it out to be. Tender, yet packed full of flavor. Not too fatty, but not too lean. I could have cut it with a fork, and I'd order it again if I ever get the opportunity. The sides I tried, from the french fries to the grits to the sunchokes, were all super. After dinner, we of course had to have dessert. I opted for the tropical sorbet, and the mix of passion fruit and mango was so flavorful, I didn't want to share it. I also tried the monkey bread, amazing as well.Bottom line. Worth it. Worth every penny. If you love meat, and you get the opportunity, don't pass this one up.
5	If I could give more than 5 stars, I easily would. Yes, it is expensive but after spending a week in Vegas trying different places, not near that bad! Service was amazing. Very attentive & super fast even though the restaurant was busy!Food was literally the best I've ever had. Hands down so amazing. TRY the tasting menu! It seems kinda high but worth it!!! Thanks to our wonderful waiter we decided to give it a try & were very happy. Substituted a main course side without a problem and each course came very quickly Ambience & noise level were spot on. Yummy!!
1	I'll make this short and sweet...  Don't waste your money. Service is average at best. I got the impression that this was supposed to be a steakhouse. To be honest I've had better steak at Outback. Overpriced, underwhelming food.  700 dollars of disappointment.  Try one of the other 200 steakhouses if you're in Vegas. I guarantee they're all better than this place.
3	After scoping Yelp, we decided this would be our "fancy" Vegas dinner.  While we dressed up, other people were just wearing T-shirts.  Par for the course in this city.The place is big, warmly decorated and dimly lit.  Once you pass a bar with televisions, you enter the main dining room.Our server was great.  An older, friendly, talkative guy.  He told us the menu changes every day, depending on what produce their supplier buys that morning in California.You start with complimentary hot buttered, salted rolls in a skillet.  These were outstanding.I ordered the 16 oz. New York strip steak, grilled.  This was a massive piece of meat.  I ordered it medium rare, but it came out entirely pink.  Our server picked up the steak and summoned a new one.  Unfortunately, this meant my girl would have to eat while I waited.  When I got my new steak, it seemed closer to medium rare, but it was straight-up cold in the middle.  Not wanting to wait for a third steak, I just ate it.  Fairly middle-of-the-road.For sides, we ordered the Maui Onions, which my girlfriend loved.  They were a nice addition to any fork full of steak.  We also ordered the Potato Gratin.  Sadly, they tasted fairly bland.  We needed salt to bring them up to par.Another deduction: A photographer came around to snap several pictures of us.  About 15 minutes later, she returned with books of photos she tried to sell us for something like $130.  We didn't see her snapping pictures of any other couples.  Nothing like having to shoot down a sales pitch in the middle of a fancy dinner.While I liked the atmosphere and our server, the food fell short.  I really wish I'd enjoyed it more.
5	Had a great dinner last week.  Had the cucumber/watercress salad with an asian style dressing.  It was really great.  The steaks were perfect (bone-in rib eye) and the sides were all really good, not heavy like you get in some steakhouses.  The spinach was particularly good.  Excellent service.
3	The service is wonderful at Craftsteak! The food is less desirable. I had two bites of the lobster bisque and debated sending it back. The potato gratin side was delish, but the spinach was worse than I can cook at home and the risotto was nothing special. We also shared the baby squash which was very interesting but also nothing special. I shared a filet mignon with my sister and neither of us were wild about the steak. A friend had the baby bibb salad and she said it was DELISH but we left most of our steaks unfinished. Overall, disappointed to have chosen Craftsteak for our one fancy meal!Great cocktails and very good wine selection.
4	A dinner I will never forget....
2	went here last year with my wife. both had filet,shrimp cocktail, caesar salads and chocolate volcano cake for dessert. Ambience was ok. Steak was good. The highlight of my meal was the garlic mashed potatoes.Creamy and close to perfection.Best I have ever had!gave it 2 stars for 2 reasons. Our waiter put the hard sell on us relentlessly to buy these $135. pkgs(all inclusive) What a turn off!Second I thought this place was overpriced compared to most hi end places in vegas.Not a relaxing great experience!
4	4.5 stars. Had the bone-in ribeye.It was cooked perfectly to medium rare as I had requested. TASTY! - Not quite Mastros but very close. Decent wine list with bottles starting at $60.Great service with comfortable atmosphere, not too fancy. Got out of there for $300 including tip. (2 steaks + 2 sides + bottle of Malbec)
5	BEST MEAL OF MY LIFE!Went there for our "splurge" anniversary dinner. Everything from start to finish was amazing. We had a reservation and were promptly seated in a nice cushy booth. The restaurant was packed, but it wasn't the usual "so loud I can't hear anything you say" loud. Our friendly waiter brought my perfect Dirty Martini quickly and made great recommendations on the menu.We ordered the Chef's Selection package which was pricey--but again totally worth it and a TON of food.We selected the Kobe cuts of the NY steak and Rib Eye with a side of 1/2 a lobster. The lobster was a decent size and wonderful; and both steaks were melt in your mouth delicious and so perfectly prepared, I might never be able to have "regular" steak again. The package came with a ton of sides, we ordered the mushroom assortment, a potato gratin and 3 (!) salads the highlight being the Buffalo Mozzarella salad. It was actually way too much food, but everything was amazing.I've read some complaints about the photographer, but since it was our anniversary, I didn't mind. She was a bit overpriced, but the photos are very high quality and a nice momento we wouldn't have otherwise gotten.All in all, a perfect meal and evening. Just writing this is making my mouth water. Eating there again is incentive enough to go back to Vegas more often!
5	We were about to go to some "old time" "rat pack" style steak house near downtown that people were recommending... but a nagging voice told me this would be a huge mistake... and I didn't want to make a mistake...I wanted to eat a really great steak. You see how I just got smart with words? Just there? Get it? Mistake / Steak? You see, it seems that once you have been to the mountain top, its hard to go slum it in rougher strung out pawn shop parts of the valley, so I made a last minute and very decisive decision as my executive brain is wired to do... we are going to Craftsteak... nothing less will suffice. Just because one is in Vegas... one need not roll the dice when it comes to dinner. Am I right? Or am I right? Your so right Mr. Papageorgio. Anyway, while I have been to the location in LA, I had not yet been to the one in Vegas, and my foodie instincts told me that it would be just as good. And not surprisingly, I was right.Now, just to get it out of the way, I will quickly cover the negatives:1) As compared to the exceptional service interactions we had with virtually every single person we came across working in Vegas on the trip, the hostess the night we went, I believe Sunday May 18, 2014, was leaning toward the rude / I'm totally over doing this job / I'm tired of being nice to people who think they can win me over side of things.... you get the point. 2) While the food is great, well prepared, etc, its a bit of a departure from the type of fare one would consider to be tough to replicate at home if they had seriously good taste, access to a quality grocer, and an ability to prepare food properly... its rather, basic, I'm sure by design... and it lacks that "over the top" quality one might hope for, but in no way does it disappoint. To the contrary, it satisfies. That concludes the negative as I don't hold the restaurant accountable for attracting a lot of drunk DB's who eat like they are in a barn and ask for ketchup. Now, on to the good:1) We ate at the bar which was a much more intimate experience both between myself and my dining companion, and our bartender / server. Eddie. Who by the way was a true pro... the best of the best. Eddie has been with the restaurant since it opened 11 years ago. He knows what the hell he is doing and he suffers no fools. I hope he is there when I dine there next. He made our night.2) They pour the stiffest drinks imaginable. Perfection.3) While pricey, its actually a great value considering what you get. Top quality food and service.
2	First, let me say it makes me sad to write this review. I have been telling everyone for years that this is my favorite restaurant in the world. Which is quite a statement.  Always eat here when in Vegas. This last trip was kinda special for me, as I brought someone who had never been to Vegas before and really wanted to show them the Vegas that a lot of people don't get to see. Having already told them that this was  all time favorite restaurant, I made reservations before I left home. Reservations were for a Tuesday at 7pm.  We arrived early and were seated immediately.  We were sat in the bar area, next to another couple. I was upset, because I was trying to make a good impression and here we are in the noisy bar. I so wanted to get up and complain, but didn't want to look stupid in front of my guest. I ordered the short ribs, which are always amazing. This time they were beyond terrible. The entire bottom layer was pure fat, which gave the rest of meat a grease flavor.  The broth like gravy they come in tasted like vinegar. I could have cried. I just bit my tongue and tried to have a good time, but I was so embarrassed. My guest had the surf and turf and loved the filet, but said the lobster was rubbery.  Couldn't wait to just leave. I spend a lot of money dining out, and a $264.00 meal for two before tip doesn't bother me at all. But my food was so bad, and the table was so bad, I would have been happier in the food court.  I am going back to Vegas in 3 months and I will go back one more time. It is hard to give up on a place that has been your favorite for so long. But I think I am done with the short ribs, they were so gross I have lost my taste for them.
4	Started with spinach salad w/apricots, arugula salad and buffalo mozzarella salad which had hazelnuts and pimentos.  Spinach salad was clearly market fresh spinach but didn't have enough dressing to have much of a taste.  Arugula and Mozzarella salads were good.  The mozzarella salad included hazelnuts, which were quite tasty.  The steaks were as expected, good.  The 29 hour short rib was melt in your mouth good.  The potatoes and asparagus were good but not memorable.  The service was great and so was the wine.  Ambience was very cool as well.  Your definitely paying for the name, steaks were a bit on the pricey side.  It was good but I wouldn't go back, too many other James Beard chefs in Las Vegas not to try others.
5	One liner....Amazing.As I walked through the door of this humble (for Vegas) exterior, I'm instantly struck by the full length bar wall covered exclusively in various whiskey bottles. The thought crosses my mind, "Yeah, I can totally do that for dinner." My eyes like to wonder around a place to check out the eccentricities, and I notice that  they literally have hundreds of bottles of wine stashed all around the entire room. They've won me over already.Their dinner rolls are light, fluffy, savory, and are topped with glazed butter and probably ground sea salt. Honestly, they remind me of my great grandmother's homemade recipe which I haven't eaten in nearly 20 years. So whiskey heaven, and a time warp to home cooking.......yep, I'm loving it.Medium rare grilled New York Strip comes out lightly seasoned, cooked to perfection. I'd also ordered a couple of sides consisting of au gratin potatoes and grilled, sliced carrots. I couldn't have asked for anything more. After working my way through the sea of food, I cannot possibly eat anymore, and they were quick to box it up for me with everything individually separated to not spoil or comingle the flavors. Over the top? Absolutely not. Great, high end steak restaurant? YES. I would have no hesitation going back.Check it out for yourself, and I'm certain you'll not be disappointed.
5	So I decided to give Craftsteak a second chance after my not so great first visit last year, and I'm glad I did.  When I came last year, my steak was overcooked, and that was a huge disappointment, but this time things couldn't have gone better.  I ordered the Rib Eye and it was cooked just to order, along with a side of delicious fingerling potatoes.  I also had the Garlic Soup as a starter, and it was delicious prepared and very nicely presented.  But the highlight of the meal was actually the dessert, my waitress recommended the Cinnamon Monkey Bread, and it was heavenly.  GET THE CINNAMON MONKEY BREAD, you will not regret it.
5	I'm a fan of Craftsteak, and this location didn't disappoint... My steak was delicious, perfectly cooked, and complemented by some awesome sides. The waitstaff were also great, and very patient with our large group.They have a terrific wine list here, though it's overpriced in typical Las Vegas fashionRecommended
5	We had dinner here last Saturday night for the first time, and it was fabulous. We started with he lobster bisque and it was very good, with plenty of lobster in it, I ordered the short rib, which I loved and would absolutely order again next time I visit, my friends ordered the rib-eye, they were also happy. We shared sides of risotto (our favorite), potatoes gratin, asparagus, and mushrooms...all very good, but I would have been happy with just my short ribs and risotto.The service was also exceptional.Can't wait to come back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Iv been here several times it's a great place for a date. NEVER WOULD I EVER BRING A GUEST HERE FOR A BUSINESS DINNER. The main room is very quite and intimate.  The party room was so noisy we had ear fatigue and at the end of dinner and we all were grumpy from the noise.  Plus we couldn't hear each other talk. Of course the food was good.  But the worst service I have seen on a long time. Maybe I'll try and eat there again in 5 years after I have forgotten about the 1200 dollar dinner I hosted where we were punished.  This was at the Vegas location.  Thanks for nothing craft steak by the way yes I did complain and no they did not care. Give me a break I buy dinners for a living and these guys suck.
3	I have done the craftsteak experience, I have had it where it is above reproach.   Tonight was not one of those nights...  I have been here when it is spot on.  Tonight was bad, sent back twice bad.   This should never happen.  To be fair, Blue, took excellent care of us as did Marvin.  But the kitchen fucked them this day...  Too bad, I love this spot, but you will have to earn my respect again.
1	Its been 5 days since I had dinner for business at the Craft and im still pissed.  Never bribng a large party to the Craft... Never.  they were horrible.
4	The focus: fresh, seasonal menu items that highlight bright and natural notes. I personally enjoyed the heirloom tomatoes, sweet corn and chefs menu beef selection. A bit on the pricey side but definitely a great treat while in Vegas. Sometimes you just have to splurge!
4	after spending hours reading all the reviews on Yelp of all the different steak restaurants in Vegas, we decided on CRAFTSTEAK for our 10 year anniversary dinner.i want to rate this restaurant 3/5 stars because of the issue with my husbands $106.00 steak, but the service we received from the restaurant manager, Jim, made up for it and earned an extra star.   SERVICE:let me start off by saying the service here is EXCELLENT. end of story.AMBIENCE:not too loud, not too bright, spacious, plenty of room on the table for all the food you're going to order.WINE: this restaurant's wine list is PRICEY!  the least expensive bottle of red cab is $118.00.  we opted for a half bottle of Peju from Napa Valley for $55.00 and it was excellent.  normally we'd have ordered a full bottle to celebrate our anniversary but we were poolside all day and had already consumed a lot of alcohol so we didn't want to drink too much more.FOOD:the complimentary mini pan of BREAD is AWESOME!.  it's served in a very hot cast iron baking tray and it stays warm the entire time.  the butter they serve with it is not rock hard so it's easy to spread on the soft warm bread.  this bread is "melt in your mouth bread"....mmmmm. starters: LOBSTER BISQUE and TOMATO SOUP were outstanding, so much flavor although they could have been served a bit hotter in temperature.  I had planned on ordering the Butternut Squash soup but it was not on the menu last night. mains: SALMON and Domestic Wagyu 14oz RIBEYE.  my salmon was excellent and cooked perfectly.  our server told me it's normally cooked med-rare and asked how i'd like it cooked so i said medium.  my husbands $106.00 ribeye is a different story :(  although it's served in a cast iron skillet and was cooked perfectly (med-rare), his steak was room temperature.  not warm enough to even eat.  he sent it back.  our server apologized and said she'd take care of it and would let her manager know.  in less than 5 minutes she returned back to our table with the "warmed up" $106.00 steak.  my husband said it was warmer but i could tell he was just "settling".  the manager Jim came over to our table and asked my husband how his steak was so he told him the truth, that he was not happy with his steak.  Jim was sympathetic and offered us free desserts/coffees/cappuccino's and said he'd adjust the price of the steak on our bill.  we were happy with that. sides: POTATO PUREE and CORN.  if you love garlic, tell the server to add the cloves of roasted garlic on top of the potatoes.  these potatoes are SINFUL.  the best potatoes we ever tasted.  i don't know what kind of corn we had, it was roasted in brown butter (it's not shown on the online menu).  it was very good as well.dessert: compliments of the manager, we chose the monkey bread on his recommendation.  we were so full at this point that we could not really enjoy it.  had only a few bites. it was very fresh, warm, DELICIOUS!  topped w/nuts and served with a side of ice cream.CONCLUSION: we would definitely go back.  our bill for the ribeye was adjusted to 50% off.
4	--------------------------------------------------ESSENTIAL TIPS & EXECUTIVE SUMMARY:--------------------------------------------------# Craftsteak is in MGM Grand. Follow the signs to Wet Republic and the floor will change from carpet to smooth concrete. It's on your right, next to Shibuya. # The "Hawaiian" bread they serve is whatever so don't eat too much of it.# They can do half portions of the salads and side dishes# I recommend the Wagyu Skirt Steak (14 oz). It's tasty and has a nice crust. Not too hungry? Split it with 2 ppl. It's pricey at $79, but it's Wagyu.# Average steak price is around $60. Cheaper & pricier options available.--------------------------------------------------MY EXPERIENCE: --------------------------------------------------The walk to Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak is the same walk you'd take to get to Wet Republic, MGM Grand's dayclub. It was close to dinner time when I strolled to the restaurant and as I did, I went past the opposing traffic of Wet Republicans. It was a testament that the pool scene was coming to a close. For them, it was the opposing traffic of a man who lost $120 at the poker tables and ready to blow $140 more on fine dining. Of course, that wasn't obvious to them. I wasn't wearing a scarlet letter "L" for loser or anything. [THE ATMOSPHERE]As a single diner, I just sat in the lounge area of Craftsteak, right by the bar. The area was fine. It overlooked the bar's illuminated collection of whiskeys, gins, vodkas, and other magical tonics. Craftsteak's ambience is familiar and comfortable -- it is clean, sleek, and modern. It's not pitch black like old school steakhouses or brightly lit. The soft yellow lighting, modern furniture, and calm noise level murmurs classy. Surprisingly, I was anti-classy, but felt comfortable in a t-shirt and shorts oddly enough.  The yelpers say "dressy", but I say being dressed in clothes is good enough for this occasion. I don't think they enforce a dress code, but if you have a date do wear a shirt and slacks. Look who I dined with in my plain clothes -- NOBODY. [THE FOOD]You will be served "Hawaiian Bread" sprinkled with sea salt on the top, in a small Staub cast iron cakepan  It's nicely browned on the top. It looks appetizing, smells, appetizing, but why why is the taste underwhelming? The other Yelpers are right. It's too delicate in texture and taste for it to go with steak. I mean the taste is just flat and blander than actual Hawaiian bread. They need a heartier bread. I wanted to eat some vegetables instead of eating just steak. However, the side dishes and salads seemed like too much food and a waste of money. At $13-15 for a salad or side dish uhhh probably not.  But, the server allowed me to get half orders of the Persian Cucumber salad and the Snap Peas for my side dish. Now that's more reasonable!  Now, I can get some dose of fiber and vitamins for EDC Day 2 recovery. The Persian Cucumber salad had a nice clean taste, but it was on the plain side. I just tasted fresh leafy greens and light oil with a tiny bit of zest from the ginger. I wanted more OOMMPH from the salad.  If you want a simple salad, this is your dish. Avoid this one if you expect more from your leafy greens. My medium-rare Wagyu Skirt Steak (14 oz.) was very tasty for a lack of a better word. It had a decent caramelized crust on both sides and the dish itself was surrounded by a small pool of sauce. I love when I bite into a steak that has a full crust over it -- you get that sweet taste of caramel, marbling fat, and protein in every bite...but my Skirt Steak only had a decent crust so I didn't feel all of the magic. But I will say that the skirt steak was still an excellent choice and highly recommended under the Yelp tips section. I have no idea what kind of reduction was in the steak's pan, but it paired very well with the meat. You couldn't really taste the sauce unless you dipped your fork in and only tasted that. My belief on pairings (whether it's wine/meat, sake/fish, sauces/food) is if your taste buds can't really notice the contrast between the 2 flavors, it means they complement each other very well. In my example, the sauce and steak almost blend into each other unnoticed. Hence, a great pairing. The glass of Pinot Noir I got wasn't a perfect pairing with the steak, but it was easy to drink with its fruit and warm spice notes  -- c'mon it's a Pinot. It can do no wrong. I got a serving of fruit out of it. Fruits, vegetables, carbs, and meat...the U.S. government should be proud of me for having a balanced, elitist meal. I skipped dessert because it was a no no on the U.S. Food Plate diagram. Just kidding. I was just too full. [THE SERVICE] The server was polite and attentive. Everybody from the water guy to the steak delivery man checked up on you to see if you needed anything or if you were satisfied. I liked the service. I'll see how the service stacks up when I get an actual table with peeps
2	It's never a good sign when the side dishes are better then the steaks at a steakhouse. The sweet corn was excellent. Got the filet and it was really tough. Had trouble cutting the steak and it was really chewy. When you drop $$$$, the meat should melt in your mouth and cut like butter. Good ambiance and service, but I've had better steaks at Diners.
4	Food was absolutely incredible, the only reason I give it four stars is because of the really high prices.  Probably some of the best steak I have ever eaten.  The experience of the 4 course meal was fantastic, our waiter was also very memorable as well, so nice and friendly.  The food is very very good just overpriced in my opinion.
5	So wonderful! Our new favorite steak place in Vegas. Everything was wonderful: the bread the tomato salad the potato puree the mushroom the corn and the Steak!  My wife and I both had the domestic wagyu hanger steak. Cooked medium rare. The service was great and they did not constantly bother you but they also did not ignore you. Besides the Steak the corn side was the standout. It just made everything taste better. My wife and I were too full for dessert but we heard from regulars her that the monkey bread is the way to go if you have room.
4	Awesome place for a good steak.  The seafood sampler was great. The service was spot on.  Will be back.
5	Came here after looking at reviews for other steakhouses but since I was staying at the MGM it was convenient.  it was one of the best steaks I had ever had on and the lobster bisque is an explosion in your mouth!!  we had the chefs special which was a lot of food. Make sure you come prepared to eat a lot if your going to order that option next time I'll just order a la carte. try the monkey bread it's outstanding.. bill came out to 302.00 for two people but it's Vegas and it was worth it !! will come back again !!
5	I went here a few nights ago and there was 4 of us for dinner. We couldn't decide on what to order, since everything on the menu looked so good. After much back and forth, we finally decided to get the chef's selection domestic wagyu. For the Chef's selection, the nice thing about it is, you had to order a minimum of 2 orders, but you didn't have to order for one per person if that makes sense. We had 4 people and we did 3 orders of the domestic wagyu plus the lobster bisque. We didn't know what we were going to get, so it was all a surprise. The plate of warm salted bread came out first and I thought that was okay, it was very soft, but it tasted a little dry. Next came out the lobster bisque, even though we just ordered one, our waiter brought out a small bowl for the other 3 to try as well, so I thought that was really nice of him. Next came our appetizers, we had a salad, heirloom tomatoes and there was one more dish, but I can't seem to remember what it was. After the appetizers came our steak, we got 3 different cuts, the filet mignon, the skirt steak and the rib eye with 3 sides, the potato puree, the brentwood corn (YUM!) and then assorted mushrooms. My favorite was by far the filet mignon, it was so tender, I could cut it with the back of my knife. The skirt steak had a great flavor to it and I think our ribeye may have been cooked medium well, vs the medium rare that we ordered. We didn't finish our steak between 4 people, we were pretty stuffed already and no one really knew if we were getting dessert. 5 minutes later we got 5 dessert dishes, boy were we in for something we couldn't finish. We got an assorted ice cream, mixed fruits, creme brulee, a chocolate cake and finally monkey bread. After this meal I think we all had food coma! I would definitely come back here! the food is so delicious and I think I would probably try a different chef's selection next time.
5	Part of my Vegas traditions is to hit up the steakhouse at the hotel I am staying at. I love steak and I am somewhat of a steak snob. This was the best steak I have ever had hands down. I ordered the Black Angus Filet Mignon and it was amazing. I like my steak on the rare side and when I go to a place that specializes in steak I go medium rare cause they actually know how to do that right. It was perfectly cooked. It was tender and juicy and every bite melted in my mouth. It was a pretty thick steak too but it was still so tender and soft. The knife just went right through it with ease. For my side I ordered the lobster bisque soup and it was good but I have  had better lobster bisque than this at the Luxor steakhouse. It was not as creamy as I would have looked but there was plenty of lobster in it and that was good. It was not bad just not that best. For dessert I went with the caramel cheesecake. It was a hard choice because they have an awesome dessert menu. It was a good choice though. It was downright decadent! It had a perfect mix of caramel and cheesecake flavor. Neither one was overbearing. It was rich and creamy. Every bite was pure heaven! That meal was more than enough to fill me up. Not only was the food amazing but so was the customer service. Since I was dining solo I ate at the bar. My server JT was great. He engaged me in great conversation about where we both come from and how he ended up living in Vegas. He was a great server and had awesome customer service skills. I really enjoyed my meal here and would like to come back some day.
5	Came here for my wife's 40th Bday. Been wanting to try them out because if their ratings and pics looked great. We've tried plenty of high end steak houses in and out of Las Vegas and this place is probably on our top 2 now.  Had the porterhouse and scallops. The Carmel sticky bun is a must for desert.
3	Overall quite disappointing. Started out with slow service, but they finally got things dialed in and it picked up a bit. Baby Bibb starter salad was huge and delicious. One table mate started with two of every kind of oyster on the menu and thoroughly enjoyed them. When the steaks arrived, 3 out of the 4 were tepid and one that was ordered rare was medium at best. We understand the concept of letting steaks rest, but these were napping on the job. We were in a time crunch so we didn't complain too much, but they brought another rare steak out. Sides were ok. We all looked at each other after and agreed that it was a bit of a letdown. Oh well, live and learn. Hopefully you learn from this and go to a better steakhouse if you're in Vegas. If this was Top Chef, Tom Colicchio would have booted himself off the show had he served himself that meal.
2	I love Tom Colicchio, really, I do. It pains me to say that my experience at his MGMrestaurant was less than stellar. If this had been "Restaurant Wars," I don't know if we'd see Tom advance to the next round...When we approached the hostess desk, four hostesses/servers were present and not one greeted us until about three minutes had passed. I had the lobster bisque and found it overwhelmingly over seasoned with cinnamon. It tasted more like cake batter than bisque. Next, I had the arugula salad with lemon vinaigrette. They actually refused to add tomatoes to it! For the first time in my life I had to send food back to the kitchen. The taste of lemon was so intense, I felt like I was biting directly into one with each bite. I couldn't muster the courage to finish the dish. The risotto that we had as a side had a taste that reminded me Betty Crocker Instant scalloped potatoes. It was sticky and undercooked. I must say, the service was wonderful; very attentive and friendly. Other dishes that we got (scallops, Wagyu tartare, and hangar steak) were delicious. Overall, a disappointment. I still loveTom though.
4	Have been twice. Steaks are very good and flavorful, especially their NY strip. Nice crust and cooked perfectly. Too many servers waiting on the table though and hard to figure out who is in charge.  Tried their raw oysters and one of them was bad and they handled graciously.  Great place before or after a show at MGM.
5	We had a wonderful experience at this lovely restaurant. The Diver's sea scallops were cooked to perfection. Maui onions will blow your mind. I highly recommend eating here.
5	Lobster bisque was simply amazing... Over the course of a week, I tried 5 different high-end restaurants' bisque (Vegas and San Diego) and none of them came close. The Wagyu New York Strip was the best tasting piece steak, outside of some Kobe I had while over in Japan,  that I have ever had the pleasure of tasting. The $35 wine pairings were also a great deal to go with the meal.We tried the inclusive wagyu surf and turf meal for 3, so we tried multiple different cuts and sides alongside the items I am recommending above.4 stars for the other items that came with the surf & turf meal.5 stars for the wait staff, the bisque, the wagyu strip steak, and the wine pairings.
4	Although I have been wanting to try Craft for about a year, I ended up here on a whim. This place exceeded my expectations, by far! We began our meal with drinks. There were beers, cocktails, and wine. Tons of options at various prices. I ended up getting the prosecco, which was wonderfully crisp. We settled on the grilled calamari as an appetizer. It was OK, but nothing to rave about. I ended up ordering the surf and turf, which was FANTASTIC. This can easily be shared. The lobster sauce was buttery awesome perfection. However, I think the largest highlight was the monkey bread. An explosion of flavors for sure! Overall, the food is great. The drinks are strong. The staff is knowledgable.
5	Craftsteak is the absolute best way to start off a weekend in Vegas. High class all the way, I have never felt more under-dressed but the staff was so cool Victor, Edgar, and Oscar were on point.We started off with a round of drinks, I figured sense we are in Vegas I should have a Nevada brew. The Tenaya Creek IPA was excellent along with the grilled calamari. My lady got the surf and turf while I got the dry aged T-Bone for our entree. Everything was cooked to perfection, that T-Bone steak with the filet and the skirt steak melts. baby spinach and roasted asparagus to compliment all that beautiful red meat.Their beer and wine selection was fantastic, I believe they have over a 1000 different bottles to choice from. I also enjoyed the Dogfish 60Minute IPA on tap. To top off the night the table shared their infamous Cinnamon monkey bread and the strawberry shortcake. The atmosphere is wonderful, one of the best meals of my life.
5	We're staying at the MGM so wanted to eat at a restaurant here. Service is 5 star and so is the food. Had the ribeye bone-in. Magnificent.
5	celebrated our 13 wedding anniversary here tonight......being 69 years old...I have to say this was the best "gastronomic" experience of our lives...we travel quite a bit around the world, but this tops all of them!!!  The food, the service, the atmosphere....
4	I am not a big fan of steak restaurants and was out numbered by my coworkers when we voted on where to dine. Craftsteak impressed me. The food was very well presented and prepared. The service was superior , which only added to the experience. I had never tried true wagyu beef and I am glad I did. Truly an excellent steak. Do not and I mean do NOT skip the monkey bread at the end. One of the best desserts you will ever have!
5	There comes a time when you just go all out.  Whether you are in the right mindset or not, you just go for it.  You don't think about cost or consequences thereafter.  You just close your eyes and hope for the best.  With Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak at the MGM, I did just that. I knew it was way over my budget, but I just went with it. Maybe it was the Vegas air and wanted to live the Vegas dream of fine dining. It's not like I won big at the craps tables. I just wanted to "do Vegas right" and dine like I never do.  It's not everyday you get a meal with all of the fixings and trimmings -- maybe when Christmas or Thanksgiving rolls around, but even then, nothing like this -- nothing like having dish after dish after dish, all laid out in front of you. This indeed was something special. Expensive, but special.Las Vegas is all about grandeur.  Excess of everything with a splash of flashiness is what everyone expects in Vegas.  Craftsteak, with the interior design and cuisine is a bit dialed down.  Some may see that as something negative, but this was executed with excellence.  The food and the design exuded a sense of humble refinement.  A kind of "my food doesn't have to be extravagant" to be Las Vegas enough, kind of attitude.  Tom Colicchio's menu is simple, and does it elegantly.The bread and butter was served in a not so normal cast iron pan. The bread was soft and warm -- the butter was delicious as it should.Appetizer: The Lobster Bisque was near perfection. The way they did it was unique and interesting. The soup bowl had nothing inside expect spices and chunks of lobster. The waiter then poured in the hot bisque inside the bowl. The taste was amazingly delicious. Lobster chucks filled every spoonful. The bisque was rich and creamy and full of seafood flavor. The Lobster Bisque itself was well worth the experience.Appetizer: The Itallian buffalo mozzarella with hazelnuts was mellow. Not robust in flavors, the taste was a bit subtle. The tomatoes and balsamic helped round out the flavors. The mozzarella was fresh as can be.Appetizer: The Warm Frisee salad had some intense flavors going on -- a great thing. It had a farm egg, smoked bacon, mustard seed, and blue cheese. The bacon and blue cheese were rich and fatty, and the mustard seed helped cleanse the palate. Intense tastes and bitter greens made this dish amazing.Appetizer: Their Caesar salad was a bit bland. I dug the pickled anchovy though.The Ribeye is one of my favorite cuts of steak. Mine was 16 oz, bone in, cooked to a medium rare. Perfectly cooked, I couldn't ask for a better piece of meat. Each bite was perfect texturally, but I felt it lacked seasoning. Maybe the rich flavors of the appetizers killed my taste buds, but the Ribeye could have used some salt. Heck, this might be cheating, but I would have loved some blue cheese on the side. Translation: I love blue cheese.Interestingly, the 22 oz T Bone had a better flavor for me -- it must be the dry aging process. It had a rich beef flavor that was missing from the Ribeye. Still cooked perfectly, the meat was succulent and tender.Side: The yukon potato puree was amazing. It was such a simple dish. It was rich with a lot of butter and cream. The taste was like no other. It was smooth and delicious and the chives on top gave it enough zest to keep me coming back for more.Side: The assorted mushrooms were a perfect accompaniment to the meat. What's better that meat and potatoes than adding mushrooms in the mix? They each had a different bite to it.Side: Another potato other than the puree was the potatoes gratin. The potato slices were mixed in with a roasted garlic cream. The taste was perfect with the meat.Dessert: I thought monkey bread pudding was a funny name for a dessert, but the taste was addicting. The bread was sweet and dense, kind of like a cinnamon bun. The rich caramel sauce with the bread pudding and ice cream all mixed well perfectly.Dessert: I always see cactus pear sorbet on TV, and always wanted to try it. I was pleasantly surprised, and I fell in love with it. The taste was very mellow and not too sweet. The color of the sorbet was vibrant as was the flavors. The fruit slices, candied dates and dragon fruit were mediocre. My favorite fruit is the Asian pear -- I like it because it has a nice bite to it with a lot of juice. The pear sliced wafer thin gave it no bite and not a lot a moisture. The dragon fruit was exotic, and taste was mild. None of this fruit mess. I am in Vegas -- more Monkey Bread Pudding Please!Dessert: The most decadent dessert was the chocolate moose. The chocolate in this was super chocolatey and dense. The vanilla ice cream was as pure as can be, but the peaches on the side didn't excite me.Tom Colicchio's steakhouse was in the end, worth it.  Plate after plate, dish after dish, the food seamed endless.  The impeccable service and comfortable seating arrangements made this long endeavor a treat I will never forget.
4	We really liked the oysters, and the surf n turf. The scallops were perfectly cooked. The 6 oz filet mignon was cooked perfectly too, but that was a very small 6 oz steak. The side dishes were a generous size though, and both the fingerling potatoes and the glazed carrots were delicious. I had the key lime martini and it was the best drink ever. I swear, I could've had 10 of them!
5	Food was amazing!!! I had the scallop starter which where the best scallops I've ever had they were a great size , for the main T-bone steak which just broke off the bone was absolute quality! We had a side of mixed cauliflower which was cooked beautiful! Would defo recommend this restaurant but must book in advance!
2	If you want the top steakhouse experience don't bother.  The steak had a great tasting seasoning on it but when I am paying for good steak I want to taste the steak, not something from the spice cabinet. My wife and I both had the 18 oz Ribeye, mine medium rare and her's medium.   The steaks were cooked identical to a little more on the rare side than medium.   Since we had a show to make my wife just ate around the edges of hers.When the steaks come out they are brought to the tables on a room temp cooper pan and they bring you a room temperature plate.  So by the time you are done eating the steaks are cold.  At top quality steak houses I am used to sizzling steaks on warmed plates.The steak knifes they brought out were about as dull as a butter knife, they could barley cut the roasted onion much less the steak.  So while the steak was tender (but not even close to fork tender) you had to fight with it to get a bite off.If you want an overpriced steak that is slightly better than Texas Roadhouse come here.  If you want a great quality steak with the top steakhouse experience find somewhere else.Maybe we are biased because of the top quality steakhouses we have in Denver, but we were completely disappointed here after rwading all of the great reviews. If I wasn't expecting a top notch steak house I would probably be close to 3.5 stars but compared to what they are billing themselves as I can't go higher than 2.
4	Very solid steakhouse on the Strip. I have been to Craftsteak once, years ago (before I became a Yelper), and the experience was just as good as I remembered. The service from start to finish was attentive and friendly without being overbearing. Our server was very polite and explained the menu thoroughly, then gave us enough time to make our decisions.I ordered the Lemonhead Martini ($14), lobster bisque ($18), and my dining companion and I split the ribeye ($55) and an order of the corn (I can't remember the price on this one, I believe it was about $12). The server was very accommodating and the chef sliced the ribeye for us so we could share it.The food was very good. The bread that they brought before the meal was amazing. Lightly salted, warm, soft, and melted in your mouth. The lobster bisque was poured table-side over chunks of lobster. It could have used a bit more seasoning, but it was enjoyable. The steak was perfectly done, medium-rare, and had great flavor. The corn was good, but unremarkable. The best part of my meal was dessert! We ordered the Monkey Bread with pistachio instead of banana ice cream. The server mistakenly brought us vanilla ice cream, but they quickly caught the error and brought us the pistachio as well. On top of that, the server noticed that we didn't eat much of our corn, so she bought our dessert! I thought that it was a wonderful and thoughtful thing for her to do. The Monkey Bread was heavenly- it was basically like the best sticky bun that you'll ever have!  I'd come back just for that! Overall, this is a great choice if you are in the MGM and in the mood for a steakhouse.
5	Amazing service especially our waitress Sharon whom was very attentive and her personality was out of this world and the food was amazing! What a GREAT first experience!! I ordered the wagyu  skirt steak which was AMAZING, the corn, risotto and potatoes. All were SO good!! Will definitely come back :) @babydashco twitter Http://www.babydashco.com
5	Steak was outstanding as was the service. Loved the ambiance. Not much else to say.
5	Crazy Good Food!  Also Crazy Expensive Food!  We went her with another couple & while the meal was beyond amazing, the prices were so crazy high, that is what I remember.  The wine was remarkable... Also, it was beyond a normal night out budget. I really, really liked this restaurant, as did everyone in our group... We were all blown away by the bill.  I guess I am not that uptown.  Lol We are just as happy at SW Steakhouse in the Wynn or T-Bones at Red Rock Casino.
5	One of my favorite steak houses on the strip. Be prepared for the best steak of your life.
4	We had an amazing meal at Craft Steak Wednesday night.I had the scallops and they were great.The orzo was also amazing and the fresh shucked corn was outstanding.Our waitress, I think her name was Sharon was great.
5	Amazing food! Perfect service! Great atmosphere! This place is as good as it gets!
5	Went to Craft steakhouse for a bachelor party dinner.  I didn't have high expectations because I haven't been to many steakhouses on the strip and I'm used to typical Ruth Chris or wolf gang type places.  I must say this is probably the best steak I've ever had.  I had the wagyu rib eye with snap pea risotto, potatos, mushrooms for my side.  Steak was cooked and seasoned to my liking and the risotto is so delicious.  We order the shrimp cocktail appetizer which was good but nothing special than any other restaurant.  The monkey bread dessert is to die for.  Heaven in your mouth... I will say the one down side is the price... def the most expensive steak dinner of my life.  But worth it.  We ordered 2 bottles of wine so my portion of the bill came out to $200.
1	I don't mind paying high prices for food when it is worth it, but I have had much better steaks at a fraction of the cost. The signature short ribs were good, but not the best I have ever had. I didn't like the cheesy photographer harassing people for photos... really takes away from the intimate dining experience. Not worth it...
5	Had a wonderful meal here.  Service was exceptional and food was wonderful.  I'm from Dallas, so I know what a proper steakhouse is about and this one ranks high up there.  We ended up doing the chef's menu with a couple of suggestions and it was really a special evening.  I'm not sure I would do that chef's menu again.  It was wonderful, but it was a TON of food.  I think we took 6 take home boxes with us.  Highly suggested - a steakhouse that also has a bit of creativity and doesn't just present a hunk of protein.
5	Craftsteak was amazing. Definitely worth the money and worth all five stars. We were a bachelorette party of 4 ladies who were on a time crunch as we had tickets to see Boyz II Men at the Mirage at 7:30. One of the great things about this restaurant is that you can make a reservation via Yelp/Open Table or on their website. And our time was 5:45, I believe. For appetizers, we tried the Diver Sea Scallops. I LOVED THESE. They were so flavorful and perfectly seasoned. So perfectly cooked as well! Honestly out of the world, and certainly the best scallops I have ever had. It's definitely a dish you must have and try whilst here.We also had the organic lettuces with lemon vinaigrette. Good salad, but very large pieces. I didn't care too much for the lemon, but that's on me and not on the restaurant.I split the Free Range Chicken au jus with my girl friend and that was moist and tender. Seasoned very well. We had french fries and the Brentwood sweet corn as sides. French fries were your typical french fries, nothing extremely special, but still delicious. That corn, however, also amazing! Never thought to saute corn and green onions together, but it was innovative to me, haha. The seasonings they used were on point though. Very immaculate service from the chefs and staff. I would go back again and again if I lived in Vegas. We were in a rush for our show, so our poor waiter was rushed by us. We tipped him generously though and hoped he didn't think we hated his service, he was excellent. He even brought us dessert and congratulated my bride friend.
5	This is considered a very high priced place (+$100/pp) from my traditional dining, so our expectations were very high from an experience and food quality perspective. It delivered on both accounts. I initially struggled to make my choices for dinner...so many great options. Then when the waiter described the chef's beef selection, we were sold. It is essentially family style with a HUGE variety. You get around 4 appetizers, 2 beef choices, 3 vegetables, and 4 desserts. This doesn't even includes the fantastic dinner rolls. Of the food we had, my strongest recommendations would be: Prosciutto San Daniele, Domestic Waygu Filet, Shishito Peppers, and the Cinnamon Monkey Bread.
5	After spending a long weekend working, my co worker and I, who were both staying at the MGM Grand, decided to stay in house for dinner, and try out Craft Steak. Everything from the ambiance, to the wait staff, to the amazing food was perfect from the moment we walked in. The Pork Belly Slaw was a amazing twist for a stater salad. That followed by the perfect medium rare cooked bone in ribeye was a perfect combination, along with the Risotto. The Mushroom & Pancetta Risotto has to be the best tasting side dish I have had in Las Vegas, and I have eaten an numerous places there. All in all, I cannot say anything bad about my experience. I would definitely recommend dinning here.
5	Excellent service,  Excellent Food.  Be prepared for a huge bill.  $350 for dinner for my wife and I.
4	Craftsteak is an upscale steakhouse neatly tucked away in the enormous opulent MGM Grand Hotel and Casino. It's a beautiful restaurant with stunning decor. It's running a close second only to the gorgeous decor at Stack inside The Mirage.We were greeted by one of the hosts right away and we were seated in probably 3 minutes or less even though we were about 20 minutes early. The entire staff was excellent, everyone was very friendly. Beverages were refilled promptly and so was the fabulous bread that they start you with. The bread looked like Hawaiian/ pretzel bread with some coarse salt sprinkled on top delivered nice and hot to the table in a small rectangular tin. The bread was excellent!We ordered the Caesar salad to start, however the salad wasn't quite what I expected. They serve you an enormous portion of romaine lettuce that's uncut... Yes.. uncut. I have never had to put in so much work to eat one salad! I nearly broke a sweat. They also put a couple of small anchovies on top of the salad as well. Those quickly found a home somewhere off to the side of my plate. The croutons were awesome though.We ordered the rib eye bone in, risotto, & fingerling potatoes. Unfortunately, the rib eye didn't live up to expectations. It was under seasoned and didn't have that fall off the bone quality that I like. It was a good steak but didn't reach the championship level of Mesa Grill or The Steakhouse. The risotto on the other hand was excellent! Excellent flavor no doubt, my regards to the chef. The risotto is something you MUST order at this restaurant. Overall, a great dining experience that I highly recommend.
2	Since I wrote this review Craft Steak has apologized and contacted me. Again, it wasn't that a mistake was made by them it was the lack of accommodation. I feel better taken care of now and might return. I don't mine paying for anything but I expect a great experience.
3	The service was amazingly wonderful, made reservations online and was seated within minutes of arriving there. The servers were very nice, answered all my questions and gave good advice on what to order for appetizers. Ordered a couple of appetizers. The hand-cut wagyu tartare, which was very good and never had anything like that before.  Ordered the NY strip medium rare and it was a bit plain and not cooked like a medium rare. Service was fast and got in and out of the restaurants relatively fast. Beautiful restaurant with a great table/chair setup, felt very comfortable and was not too dark for dinner time.
4	I'm not a big meat eater, but I do appreciate fine dining. Craftsteak is one of those restaurants that has a small menu, but makes sure that everything on the menu is perfected. In terms of steak, we ordered the porterhouse, ribeye, and filet. Out of all three I enjoyed the filet the most. So tender and melted in my mouth. For the other two meats, I really couldn't tell the difference. The texture and taste was similar for both, except the porterhouse came with a special sauce. We also ordered the potato puree, some kind of mushroom, the heirloom tomato salad, and the monkey bread for dessert. The potato puree WAS TO DIE FOR! Extra yummy mashed potatoes! The mushroom was just meh. You can probably tell my feelings towards it since I don't even remember what kind we ordered. I loved the tomato salad. Very fresh and light compliment to the heavy meat dishes. And finally, the monkey bread is something you have to try here. It's absolutely delicious, but it does remind me of a less sugary version of a Cinnabon. The banana ice cream was a nice touch to take away some of the sweetness of the decadent dessert.  Fabulous service with multiple waiters. This is a given with the price tag you pay to eat here and with Mr. Colicchio's name hanging above the doorway. If you are a dedicated carnivore, this place will be a delight for you taste buds, but remember that you pay for what you get as this place is pretty pricey.
1	Bad experience with a very rude server. Manager was great and offered to take one of the entrees off the meal- then offered us a round of deserts- which was very generous - but it still ended up being very expensive for a less than pleasurable experience. Food was really good but not amazing like we heard. Kudos to the Manager- but when you still pay $300 for a bad experience- I have to give them a 1.
5	We came with no reservations and set at the bar. The food was amazing. The bartender was very nice and professional. She recommended us to share a steak since the portions are big, we did and we didn't even finish it. It was very nice of her (since the place is not cheap..)The wine was delicious.Overall very nice place.We had fun!
5	Nestled in a corner of the MGM Hotel and Casino sits this fine dining steak establishment. In Vegas on a business trip, my colleagues and I had dinner here and were quite pleased.  Our server, Joe, had his hands full with our bunch (9 of us) and he handled it like a champ.  Cocktails and appetizers were served with promptness, making the hungry patrons happy. I chose the organic lettuces salad and hamachi. The salad was lightly coated with a lemon vinegarette and pleasing as well as cleaning to the palate. The hamachi was perfect!My main course was the 10 oz filet (the smallest you can order unless you order surf and turf). I cannot recall having a steak cooked more perfectly. It could have been cut with a butter knife. And for dessert, I enjoyed a mixed fruit bowl which included a selection of berries, melon and my favorite....fresh fig. I have already begun suggesting this place to friends and other colleagues.
2	hmmm. what can  I say? it was definitely tasty. atmosphere takes the stars down. I expected a little more swank and a little less shorts and frat crowd. that's all I can say....Location was in the MALL - had I realized this, I would not have made the reservation. Service was pretty good, and food was as expected. I won't rush back to this place.
5	The dry aged (non wagyu) ribeye served at Craftsteak is in a class of its own. Prepared as simply as possible and not uber salty like other steakhouses.
3	Got porterhouse for 2, lobster, lobster bisque. Sides included  risotto, potaots au gratin, spinach and corn. I didn't love the steak. The lobster and lobster bisque were amazing. Sides sans spinach were awesome.I've been to Heritage and thought it was a lot better. If I had to go to Craft again I would try the Wagyu.
5	Just ate here last night......it was awesome. Ribeye was cooked to perfection. Sides were- grits, squash, corn as well as the Caesar and Arugula salad. Had the monkeybread for dessert as well, everything was great. I liked it better than Old Homestead.
2	We eat here last week. Second time for me. This time our steaks were not hot . When we shared that with them,No apologies just OK we take take themBack and warm them up . Second time around still not hot ! Manager then checked in and asked is how the " flavor of everything was" like he really did not want to know , we eat At lots of great Restaurants . If you want a great steak there are many better choices in Vegas than here.
2	I was excited to try this place,  but unfortunately, it fell short for me. To start, the restaurant itself is nice, but unfortunately we were there on a Friday night and got seated in the back at a large round table that made me feel like I was at a conference room having an expensive meal.  The food was presented well, but was just ok. The cocktails were not great...lacked flavor (other than the taste of hard liquor) and looked boring.  The only positive at this place was the staff.
4	We were a party of 12 and we had the Chef's Beef Selection for 10 . It is served family style. We started with the shrimp cocktail for the table and several salads we enjoyed the Baby bibb buttermilk blue cheese with bacon. (reminded me of a wedge) and we loved the Italian buffalo mozzarella, wild arugula and roasted baby beets. Our meals had 24 hour short rib, rib eye, NY strip, flat iron , hangar and filet mignon. These were accompanied by asparagus, sweet corn, Japanese eggplant, mushroom assortment, potato puree, risotto (snap peas, prosciutto, scallions) and white corn grits. Just when you thought you were on food overload they brought out all the desert. cinnamon monkey bread, soft chooclate cake creme brulee tart and assorted sorbets.. The deserts were not as good as the meals. If you go as a group I would recommend the chef tasting vs a la carte we had plenty of food and were able to taste alot of different meals. Staff was attentive and had good suggestions.
5	the ambience, decor, and the staff are excellent. I've had a couple fine dining experiences and this one was magnificent. I love cooking and I think I can do steak pretty well but what I love about what they offer here is they give me a product I can't make myself and my was it delicious. you're definitely in for a treat
5	We went to craft steak mainly because I had Ka tickets and wanted to eat some place close. Craftsteak fit the bill. Plus it came highly recommended from a few co-workers so we decided to try it. We had 6 pm reservations. When we checked in, we were immediately seated. The ambiance was elegant and quiet, perfect for a fancy dinner. We decided we weren't going to stuff our faces too much so we skipped the appetizers. I ordered the surf & turf with scallops and an 8 oz filet mignon. The steak was perfectly cooked and so tender but still retains its "beefiness." The scallops were exceptional. Not over cooked and served with a lemon butter sauce. My friend and I split a side of risotto. I still dream of that risotto. Very rich and heavy with peas and prosciutto. Part of me wanted to stop eating my streak and just eat the risotto. Service here was excellent as you would expect from Mr. Colicchio. And the other thing worth raving about is the bread! Salty, sweet, bread. This restaurant far exceeded my expectations.
1	Great ambience but the food doesn't cut it.  The only thing that was pod was the free dinner rolls that were buttery and had sea salt on top to offset the sweetness.  Got the $55 ribeye that came luke warm and under seasoned.  By far the worst ribeye I've ever had at a nice steakhouse.  It was full of fat too.The risotto was horrible.  Sour like something we bad and it came with huge cherry tomatoes, very unrefined.Short rib was delicious, highly recommended.  Scallops were just whatever and the carpaccio was good, savory and worth trying.Service was excellent minus out main server.  He didn't do much but the other help was amazing.Monkey bread was recommended so we tried it.  Very very very sweet, too sweet.  I y thing that was good was the banana ice cream but I wouldn't get this of you for like your deserts too sweet.Overall, it was a bad steakhouse.  Skip it
2	Came here to celebrate our anniversary and had high hopes since we've heard great reviews for the LA location. The restaurant was decorated nicely with classy decor. Our booth felt private and overlooked the rest of the tables. The service was somewhat spotty. The hostess was pleasant, our main waiter was nice but seemed to have disappeared toward the end of dinner. The guys who brought our the food were very nice and attentive.Appetizers:1) sea scallops- came with 3 large scallops which were perfectly cooked; however the taste was lacking. It had a very light lemony butter taste but it just didn't stand out. I would not order this again.2) wagyu tartare- this was one of my favorites. Delicious and flavored just right. Came with plenty of crostini to spread that delicious meat on. If you like tartare- try it!3) rib eye steak- very big disappointment!! It was more than $50 and came lukewarm. Seasoned and cooked well but the temperature really killed it. It was also way too fatty and we had to cut large chunks of fat out to eat it. I love my fat but it was just too much.4) braised short ribs- this was very flavorful and tender. I wish it came with some sort of starch to balance it out. Eating this by itself was a bit too salty and it was difficult to eat a lot of it.5) risotto side dish- I really liked this one with red corn, prosciutto and cilantro. Great flavors and risotto cooked just right!6) monkey bread for dessert- got this because of all the fantastic reviews. It cane warm and soft but way too sweet for my taste :(Overall it was an extremely pricey meal for subpar food. I'm disappointed Tom!
5	I came to this thinking its just another fancy steak restaurant....(yes very expensive) but man I put this place hands down the best steak restaurant I been too. I travel a lot and every where I go always end up eating at least 1 steak restaurant. I order a Kobe wagyu (note to everyone) Kobe steak does exist but it comes from certain type or cows. It was $270 and that's someones week paycheck but it was worth it (order medium or medium rare). I would describe it as eat foie gras of steak... very rich flavored. I also had a piece of the local filet and when you do order this have them slice it for you. I have eaten here 3-4 times and I will always come back when I crave steak. Getting it comped is a plus for me.
5	Best Skirt Steak on the Planet. Need I say more.
5	I went here with the highest expectations and Craftsteak exceeded them. You can get Angus beef, prime, dry aged, etc....etc at any steakhouse. You can't get Wagyu. And if you're going to get Wagyu, go to Craftsteak and get the Chef's Wagyu Beef Selection. This is the best value for Wagyu beef and you won't regret it. You are permitted to request and substitute as you wish. Just make sure you go in with an appetite. Service was impeccable and easily five stars from Eric and his team.I went with two other hungry buddies and had three amazing courses, all five stars. We arrived 15 minutes before our reservation on a Friday night and we were seated immediately. Drinks: complimentary champagne (thank you), 18 year Jameson, and $45 wine flight with chardonnay, cabernet sauvignon, and tokaji. Appetizers: dinner rolls, frisee salad, shrimp cocktail, heirloom tomatoes, and buffalo mozzarella. Entrees: Wagyu filet, Wagyu skirt steak, and Wagyu strip with potato puree, roasted peppers, and Brentwood sweet corn as sides. Desserts: Monkey bread, carrot cake, blueberry creme brulee, fruit plate, sorbet assortment, and after dinner chocolate brownie/cake.With all that food, the beef was still the star. I would do it again in a second and would recommend this restaurant to anyone that loves beef.
1	Most unpleasant dinner I've ever had! Before ordering I told my waiter that I am allergic to nuts and fruits. He assured me that he had it written down and he will notify ALL chefs! With that in mind my boyfriend and I ordered the Domestic Wagyu chef's selection. Comes as a 3 course meal. The first two courses were not too bad, everything went downhill when dessert hit the table. EVERY SINGLE DESSERT HAD NUTS AND FRUITS! seriously?! I told my waiter that I am HIGHLY allergic. They apologized and told me they will make me something else. 45 MINUTES LATER they come back saying i'm sorry our chef's cannot accommodate you! Seriously? it takes 45 minutes? Not only that, he comes back and tells me he will give me a lousy scoop of ice cream instead. He said "You Paid for it" might as well eat something. Unacceptable, my dinner was $400! If I would have known I wouldn't have chosen the stupid Chef's Selection! Not only that they did not have the courtesy to have the Manager come out to tell me anything they can do to help me. Ridiculous place. DO NOT GO HERE.
3	A good meal on 10/1/14. Very reasonable price for the quality of the meal and great service. Not my favorite meal in Vegas but worth the visit.  The interior of restaurant is less than special and reminds you of a low end Vegas buffet versus a fine dining establishment. I would visit again if on this end of the strip but would not make a special trip.
1	The place was nice and staff was polite. BUT the food was just ok. My favorite party was the free bread with butter before the actual meal. Now that's pretty bad. We got oysters which they were not bad, cucumber salad was missing something, I loved the purely mash potatoes (can't remember the name),  asparagus so so wouldnt order again,filet mignon one we had to send back it was almost back grilled not what we ordered. I got surf and turf which was alright.  The waiter was very kind and apologetics for the steak. Next time in Vegas. I would pass on this place. Not a winner. Try SW at encore.
5	WOW!! Let's start with their fresh petite oysters! OMG, i can have more of that as my entree.  The ambiance is very elegant; beautiful lighting; made it perfect for any special occasion.  Glad that we went here on our first nite out on the Strip.  He had the NY Steak (which was crazy good) while i had Scallops and the asparagus was prepared in perfection. The services was pretty awesome too. Definitely a must go to for any of you celebrating something very special and would like something intimate.
5	Great food, super friendly and attentive staff, great drinks and ambiance.I ordered the T-Bone Steak which was outstanding and very flavorful. My wife ordered the Filet Mignon which was tasty but a bit overcooked. The complimentary bread was freshly baked - delicious. We shared an ordered of asparagus and half orders of the Mashed Potatoes and Risotto.  Probably one of the best risottos we have had. The drinks were good - not overwhelmingly strong but very flavorful. The service was outstanding. The staff is very attentive and helpful. No complaints. Recommend it for a group outing or for a dinner date... The place is good for both.
2	Vegas 5 Days 3 Nights at steakhouses and unfortunately they were all this trip from OK to downright awful.  Our last night was going to see a show at the MGM and we decided for simplicity sake to eat there at one of their many restaurants.  Craftsteak was the selection. 5 of us arrive and its a handsomely appointed modern vibe type steakhouse that certainly has the ambiance downpat. We had requested a table not a both and there are no tables available in the main dining room so they stick us in an ANNEX room that appeared to be part of the private dining area. Just us 5 here took away from the incredible ambiance of the place. MAJOR STRIKE 1.Wine list presented and 150% to 200% mark up on the wine but the sommelier was very good and we ended up with a not over the top price wise cambernet that was excellent.  Hot Buns more like whitel castle hamburger buns were served as we perused the menu that aparently changes daily.  Heavy meat selections almost no fish  with very high price points particularly to the point only 2 of their cuts were prime meat so you are talking overkill for a step down in grade. A Beets Salad to start was fresh and tasty but really had nothing to offer that made itspecial $15.00Roasted red peppers with garlic chips.. Not quite sure what that ment but they were out of jar red peppers with no taste and some sliced garlic and olive oil $15.00 (FAIL)2 Shrimp Cocktails 5 to order 12 to a pound size shrimp $24.00 each... Umm HELLO over priced so I could not get past the price points for the ok Shrimp. 1 Ceasar Salad $15.00 Nothing Special at all Dinner:2 bone in Prime Rib Eyes were OK and their steak knives were awful ... Their 3 Bone IN NY STRIPS were also OK but with prices points of 69.00 each they are Completely out of their Minds.  All and all Price was Steaks Fail.  Sides were Asparagus dry and tastelessFrench Fries GoodRissoto excellent and baby shitake mushrooms sauteed tasteless  ...5 Coffees hot and fresh... So 5 Persons 2 bottles of wine with the above order and with tip $1025.00 Sorry folks I don't mind paying for top shelf but from the seating to the really fail food I can't go over two stars here. PASS better options around.
4	Place is a great steak house. The family style is the way to go and let the chef pick what he sends out. I have been here a few times and always like to go here if anyone I know is staying at MGM. Thinks it's the best restaurant in that whole hotel.
4	I must first start off and say I've never had steak before. I was advised by my friend if you're gonna have steak, you might as well have the best. So we decided Tom Colicchio might know a thing or two about steak. Therefore if you are a steak connoisseur, look at someone else's review! Pros:Very nice casual atmosphereMy water glass was always filled... always... like if I just think about my water I see a water person waiting in the corner ready to refill my glassVery little noise,  not like creepy deserted quietness, more like a nice low murmur. Waiter and all the staff we met were very kind and courteous about everythingCons:I don't know if it'll be too memorable. The food was good, the service was good but when I come back to Vegas again I'm not going to be like "I have GOT to go to Craftsteak, like OMG gurl."4 stars
1	Food$23 diver sea scallops shaved fennelThree scallops, appeared to be fresh, slightly over cooked, mild flavor, nothing special. Just so so. $22 hand cut waygu tartare crostiniThe texture was very soft and lacked something crispy or different to it.  They crack a raw egg into it and I think that gave it a slimey coating to the tartar. It has good flavor on its own but I wish that I hadn't ordered waygu in this tartare format.  It was difficult to tell if the meat was any good.  It didn't seem like but the egg and flavors covered it up pretty good. Good meat shouldn't be chopped up like this :(. The crostini is super salty but it was a nice size and good crunchy and fluffy texture.  $55 18 oz ribeye, dry aged angus, bone in, medium rareIt was served medium well :(Flavoring was amazing! It had a nicely grilled flavor that was a bit smokey, sweet, and salty.  Great dimension and balance.  The downside... The meat was tough and at first I thought it was because I had a dull knife. It took a lot of effort to cut through the chewy meat. It had a lot of connective tissue.  I was really surprised and asked if this was indeed dry aged.  The outer part of the steak had great flavors but the inner part was flavorless and bland. Sort of like a 20 minute aged steak where it didn't have enough time to soak into the main parts. I so wanted this to be good but it wasn't :($15 baby spinach garlic oilFantastic!!! One of the best spinach side dishes I've ever had at a steak house.  Fresh, perfectly cooked, and flavorful. I highly recommend this.$15.00 Cinnamon Monkey BreadCinnamon brioche pecan toffee sauce, banana ice creamAmazing!! The flavors had a nice punch to the palate and the ice cream was over the top! Don't leave here without trying this.Decaf coffeeCame in a French press. Very nice robust flavors for a decaf.  Excellent portion.ServiceAttentive and friendly staff. Great service!OverallWould not recommend the beef here. Come here for coffee and dessert instead!
2	Service and atmosphere is superb, waitresses were really helpful and polite. On the other hand, as you may know this is a steakhouse and ironically that's exactly the area where it fell short. We ordered the shortrib and the ribeye. Shortrib was OK a little on the salty side but the big disappointment was the ribeye. Lack of flavor and not tender add you would expect. I'm a big meat eater, so I know my standards are little high, but I know that they could and should do better. Being this my first time and given the experience I wouldn't recommend it to my friends.
4	Ambiance was great! Very attentive staff! My friend and I each ordered the lobster bisque and seriously 'moaned' while eating it....food of the Gods! My friend ordered the NY Strip and it was seasoned so beautifully and cooked perfectly (she gave me a taste!)...I ordered the house specialty short ribs...crazy good!! We shared a side because they're huge...white corn grits! Could not finish our meals....so much food! Would definitely recommend!
2	Yelp let us down this time.  I debated between 1 and 2 stars but settled on 2 because the steak (reason we came here) was good.  Ambiance was OK but we made a reservation and were seated in the bar area.  This was annoying.  Another couple sat down next to us and complained about it and were re-seated at a table.  So I guess if you complain they give you a better table?  The restaurant wasn't full (7PM on a Saturday night), so I'm not sure why we were seated in the bar area with a reservation.  Appetizers: We got shrimp cocktail and lobster bisque soup.  Soup was good, big chunks of lobster in it, shrimp coctail was good but size of shrimp was very small considering the price.  We ordered all of our food when we sat down and told our waitress that we were in a hurry and were very hungry, so please bring the food as fast as possible.  We then waited an hour for our steaks.  I didn't like how the menu had two options for steaks - grilled or roasted, the roasted was 20% more and our waitress offered very little information about the difference between the two.  Here is my take - I don't know what is the best way to cook a steak - I think the restaurant should have their method and sell it as the best method.  We ordered one of each thinking we could try each others to see the difference.  Unfortunately, the waitress brought us two of the same steaks and when we figured out they weren't what we ordered, there was no offer to bring another one, or anything other than a meek apology from our waitress. Steaks were good, but mine was luke warm, like it had been sitting for 15 minutes warm.  Got the broccolini and gratin potato for sides, both were very good.  Each had a glass of the house Pino and was good but pricey @ $17 / glass.  Ordered the apple vanilla crisp for desert and it was fantastic but way overpriced @ $15.  Total before tip was $250.  Very disappointing experience, much better options on the strip, not sure how this place got such high marks.
2	As the epicenter of the Strip keeps migrating north, the MGM Grand in general just doesn't seem to have the pull it once did.  I feel the same way about Craftsteak.  This was probably amazing in 2002 when it opened......but, I think the more recent hotels on the Strip learned from the MGM and really raised the bar.  The steaks at Craftsteak were good, but the overall environment, experience, and location just can't compete with the likes of Prime, the SW steakhouse, Botero, the Eiffel Tower restaurant, etc.The tables near the entrance felt like eating in a mall.  Just didn't work for me.
2	Came here a few months ago dinner time. I love steak and I usually order ribeye medium rare everywhere I go. I didn't order the famous waygu meat (maybe I should) but I had the chewy-est rib eye ever. Ordered also the scallops which was delicious and the salad was plentiful and tasty.
5	Amazing food! My second time there and i can't wait to go back. I had the surf and turf which is steak and lobster. It was the same thing I had when I last visited, so I had to order it again. Also had the whipped potatoes and the assorted mushrooms. Outstanding wait staff. They made sure the food was perfect. They also sent over a little happy birthday message on our dessert for my husband. Best steak and lobster I have ever had!
4	Ok. I'm going off the (proverbial) ranch. I've had so many great (and not so much) ribeye steaks over the years, I've decided it's time to start cataloging. Tonight I had the 18oz bone in ribeye which was perfectly cooked with the juices served in the pan. The ribeye was 8.3/10. The butternut squash side dish was amazing. The banana and rum raisin ice cream put me over the top, but their dinner rolls simply rocked. Nice Kosta Browne Pinot to complement.
5	The bisque, steak, mushrooms, oh hell, everything here is insane. It's the first stop we make here when we come into town and the last thing we talk about when leaving. My tip: Sit at the bar! The service is impeccable and you will always have a full glass. Make this one of your destination evening spots!
5	The food was excellent and the staff was even better.  The bread was fresh, moist, and delicious.  I ordered the lobster bisque and fillet mignon and it was quite good.  The attentive and polite staff never left me wanting.  I enjoyed it very much.
5	The service and the food was excellent. We had Kevin as our waiter. He made wonderful recommendations. We both got the 18oz bone in Ribeye and it was cooked to perfection. The lobster bisque was to die for!!
5	Great dinner...wonderful food, attentive waiters and beautiful atmosphere.  Recommend the shrimp cocktail, ny strip and the monkey bread.  The wine flight was great!  Thanks for the great evening. Randall the waiter rocks!!
5	Hands down one of the best restaurants I've ever been to. Every single plate they brought out was nothing but amazing and sooooo good!!!! I reccomend anyone who is ready to drop down some serious money to eat here. So worth it!
4	Came back for another tasty Craftsteak meal. The food was good but the service was atrocious. We were seated and told our server that we had a show to get to in 2 1/2 hours. We were assured this would not be an issue. We immediately ordered (since we knew precisely what we wanted) and thought this would be a quick in/out since it was not particularly busy. Long story short.....we arrived at our show late. The drink refills came slow, food came out slow, and we waited for our ticket for what seemed like an eternity. I am only knocking off one star because the food was still tasty (but not as tasty as I had remembered it being). We will give it another try the next time we are in town but perhaps we will do it after a show!
5	I had this place 7 days ago and I still crave it!! The entire table got something different and the four of us are rather picky. Let me just say our entire table was beyond pleased! I got the chicken which is step 2 chicken and hard to attain at most restaurants. They bring you incredibly high quality ingredients and spices. You can taste the difference even in the fingerling potatoes. The chefs back there must really have it down everything was just awesome! It is pricey our meal for 4 people with 1 whiskey drink and 4 meals and 4 sides was 400$ +so make sure you look at the prices and don't be shocked by a big bill. This place is totally worth the splurge! Will be back 100 times every chance I get I will eat here!
5	I've been to nearly all the high end steakhouses on the strip, and this is hands down my favorite. The A5 Wagyu melted in my mouth... I really think it melted. Service was top notch, and everything from A to Z was perfect. The presentation of their food is a major plus as well. Having Silver Oak by the glass? Also extra points. Wonderful restaurant.
4	We hit it big with the slots so we decided to use the $10 bucks we won to treat ourselves to some steak.  I recommend the risotto as a side.  My bone-in ribeye was good.  Our server was very attentive and the service was great.  Drinks were tasty and reasonably priced.  We made reservations ahead of time and was seated within 10 minutes of arriving.  I was satisfied with my meal and do recommend Craftsteak.  This place is on par with say SW Steakhouse but not a birdie.
5	Craftsteak is delicious!! I highly recommend the 3 course meal, it is a ton of food so you can even order it portioned for 2 people and split it between 3, or be ready for some leftovers! The food is great and the staff are awesome!
5	Divine!  That really sums it up.  Have the hanger steak.  It is simple perfection and honestly enough for two.  Tender, with the juices perfectly sealed in.  I dream of my next visit to Vegas and another amazing meal here.
5	I don't know a lot about Tom Colicchio. I don't watch Top Chef. I have just never seen it. So my opinion on this place is not because I am a fan of his TV work. I am a real fan of his food! I have eaten at many high end, low end, and everything in between "steakhouses". My experience here was perfect. There is no other word to describe it. We ordered the chefs selection with wagyu skirt, and wagyu strip, both came out cooked to perfection. They were exactly the way that we ordered them. The service was completely on point, the appetizers delicious (steak tartar, shrimp cocktail, warm frisee salad, heirloom tomatoes), the sides were very good ( brussel sprouts, potato puree, and mushroom assortment), and the monkey bread and perfect chocolate cake made a great ending. You are probably thinking that the portions must've been small to eat all of this, but they weren't. I just kept eating because I literally couldn't stop. I can't wait to go back. I enjoyed it so much that I want to keep going back until I don't like it anymore. I guess I will make it a point to watch Top Chef because I am definitely a fan now.
5	An amazing experience.  i had the shrimp cocktail, rolls, flat iron, butternut squash, and ice cream and  sorbets for dessert. It's definitely  a budget buster, but it was worth every penny. Friendly staff! The waiter grew up about 20 miles from me.
2	Honestly, there was little that was memorable or interesting about our dinner here last Friday. The food is solid, but overly salty (my tongue was swollen the next morning) and verged on boring.
4	I'm not a big foodie so I don't know who this Tom guy is, but my friend who booked Craftsteak says this guy is a pretty famous chef on the food channel. I guess that fact gives the guy the right to charge a pretty penny for dinner!  Haha. Anyways, I had the 14 oz wagyu ribeye.  I have to say it was a pretty awesome piece of meat!  I asked for it medium rare (that's the only way to eat a fine steak) and it was cooked to perfection!  If you're penny pinching don't come here, but if you're willing to pay a bit more I don't think you'll be disappointed!  The food and the service are both top drawer!  My mantra in life...  Sometimes you get what you paid for!  Haha
2	Huge disappointment. When you go out for an expensive steak dinner, the one thing that matters most is the steak, right? If that is done poorly, nothing else really matters. I went here with a party of 7, and 4 of our steaks were poorly done. Mine was so bad I had to send it back - twice! I ordered it medium rare, and it came back overdone. It was solidly medium, and probably on the well side of medium. At a Sizzler-type place I would have just eaten it, but this place is called 'CRAFTsteak', so presumably they should be able to get it right. I genuinely tried to be polite about it, and our waiter assured me that if I wasn't happy with it, I should absolutely send it back. I waited 20 minutes for the replacement, and when it came it was lightly seared on the outside and totally raw 1 millimeter in. That absolutely felt like a 'fuck you' from the kitchen. One other guy at our table also sent his first one back. At least his second came back right. Two others said theirs also weren't what they wanted, but they didn't want to bother with waiting for a new one.The icing on the cake was the manager. He came by when my second steak arrived and had the gall to tell me that my black-and-blue steak looked 'maybe a little underdone' from medium rare. The most he tried was to offer us a free dessert. That's a straight-up Applebee's move, not what you should have to deal with at a premium place like this. Two stars instead of one because at least three of our seven steaks were cooked the right way. The sides were fine, and our drinks were good. The service was mediocre. A place like this should have better odds than a roulette wheel.
3	Average Vegas steak house. Nothing that blew my taste buds away. Your pocket book might for a subpar experience. This is a missed target on the range of upper echelon steak houses and really should not be considered one except for their overpricing
3	Unfortunately it did not live entirely up to the hype for us.   It was definitely good overall, but for the price point ($225 dinner for 2), and the Chef's awards, I expected a lot more--perfection, or darn close to it!The appetizers of shrimp and oysters were fantastic.  The big problem for me was the Caesar salad.  It was warm, slightly wilted like warm lettuce is want to do, and just pretty lousy in flavor.  I've had better Caesar salads at inexpensive chain restaurants.  I was also disappointed the staff did not notice or remark that neither of us ate the salad.  A whole entree sent back to the kitchen unnoticed.The steaks were cooked to perfection and we very much enjoyed the butternut squash risotto.We did not get dessert because the choices were less than stellar for gluten free options.Overall, the food was good, but minus one star for inedible Caesar salad, and minus one star for no gluten free dessert options (sorbet and strange flavored ice cream does not count). I would recommend you try this restaurant, but temper your expectations.
5	My husband and I went here for my birthday on 11/24/14.  We had the angus steak tasting menu.   I've been reading reviews until I was blue in the face trying to figure out how many courses and how the tasting menu worked. This is how it works.  Everything is family style except the soup.First, you get lobster bisque.Then they bring some appetizers - we had proscuitto with pears, an heirloom tomato salad with champagne vinaigrette and Italian buffalo mozzarella with hazelnuts and balsamic.then you get your steak - we had ribeye and filetwith sides - we had potato puree, brussel sprouts with bacon and roasted mushroomsThen, dessert - we had orange basil sorbet and rum raisin ice cream, a fruit plate and sweet potato cheesecake.Then, for my birthday, they brought out the monkey bread with banana ice cream.My favorite parts were:the lobster bisque.  I love it anyway.  Hubby never had it and he loved it.  It comes to the table with just lobster in the bowl and then they pour the bisque over the top.  So, big chunks of lobster in the bisque.  I LOVED it.  The flavor was amazing (i think i tasted sherry in there, which is YUM).  I could eat a vat of that.the filet was perfect.  We ordered it medium rare to rare.  it was medium to medium rare, but it was melt in your mouth delicious.  The ribeye was great too, but next to the filet, it was definitely second fiddle (as you would expect).  the monkey bread with banana ice cream - this was just perfect perfect perfect.  I was sad I had to share.the not so great:proscuitto. - i like proscuitto, but it was just proscuitto on a plate.  come on, man.rum raisin ice cream - way to boozy.  the raisins must have been soaked in rum and then covered in rum and then tossed in rum and then the ice cream was mostly rum.  super rum rum rum.  ew.There is SO MUCH food.  Hubby and I left some behind - we were very sad.  and we practically rolled out. so, bring your appetite if you get the tasting menu.  Now that I've done it, I will probably go back and just get the bisque, filet and monkey bread, but I suggest giving the tasting menu a shot at least once.  the wait staff was incredible.  It was a fine dining experience that wasn't stuffy or uncomfortable.  Blue was our main waiter and he was just so great - helpful and accommodating and just plain nice.  There was another waiter that stopped by here and there to make sure everything was perfect and I wish I could remember his name, but he was really nice and personable as well.Only one bad thing, there was a photographer who came around and took some seriously cheesy posed pictures.  Then, later came back with them all printed out to sell to us.  I didn't even like the pictures.  I didn't want this intrusion.  I hope they stop this practice.All in all a great experience.  I was torn on where to spend my birthday dinner and ultimately chose Craftsteak because I knew both me and hubby would enjoy it and I have ZERO regrets.  I think this is going to be one of our must stops in vegas from now on.
5	Great service and great food. Both the Wagyu skirt steak and Wagyu New York strip (medium rare) was cooked to perfection. Warm centers and warm on the outside. However, I think my boyfriend and I over did the ordering. We were extremely stuffed and did not finish our food. We split the lobster bisque (did not smell like seafood) and the Wagyu tartare. Everything was delicious and not over done, definitely coming back.
3	You gotta do at least 1 fancy dinner in Vegas and staying in MGM and this was most convenient for us. We were seated right away with Opentable resos and checked out the really warm, wood-filled decor on the way to our table. We were seated and told we had 2 servers because 1 was in training. Ok, cool. We had the complimentary bread (the best part of everything), bottle of wine, lobster bisque, salmon for me and ribeye for him. Service was a little odd, again with 2 servers. It seemed like they didn't communicate well and didn't know if we ordered something or the tables near us. It also took forever and a day to get our meals. The lobster bisque was as cold as Chicago in February and this was no gazpacho. My fish was good but the veggies paired with it were crazy bitter. I don't understand why they'd pair these together. Hubby loved his steak and said it was a game changer since he never orders rib-eyes. They gave us little rich chocolate squares for celebrating our anniversary and brought the bill.Idk if they were trying to be slick or a genuine error, but they charged us one of the most expensive wine bottles in place of the regularly priced one we ordered. We had to wait quite a while for this to be corrected, since the server in training didn't have authority or whatever to correct the issue. It was fixed but just left an even more bitter taste after all those bitter greens. I was hoping TM's would blow me away but it was just ok.
3	I recently took my wife here for dinner as it was on her bucket list of restaurants here in Vegas.  I had a reservation, we were seated almost immediately upon checking in. We were seated at a table for two kind of in the middle. The noise level was a little high, which didn't really bother us, the table is pretty wide though and without the option to sit side by side made for some difficulty having any conversation. This was a little disappointing in that I had just rocked her world and she was so excited and it was difficult to share in that. The service was great, being addressed by name was a very cool touch. The food, mostly amazing, except her steak which was overdone and dry (upsetting to me a bit as this was her surprise dinner) but like a trooper she didn't let it ruin anything. I am not wealthy so this was a special night, I am hoping to be able to take her again (after some saving lol) and this time get her a properly cooked steak and maybe sit in a booth. This time, 3 star for the seating and the steak. I will reserve judgement and a 5 star rating for our next visit. Having been to Ramsey Steak we had pretty high expectations. As it sits now Gordon Ramsey Steak 1 Craft 0 hopefully we'll even that up next time.
3	I have to admit that the food is really good but I can't get past the cost ratio.  2 people at $600 plus is just to much to validate the experience.  Its the perfect choice when someone else is buying!
3	Good but frankly I expected more. Service was slow. Beer selection was average. Sides were average and I had better steak at triple George's in old Vegas. Super expensive for what our experience was. Went there to wine and dine a customer and we ended up poking fun at the service. I have to assume TC has a higher standard and I am sure it's only a fluke.
1	HORRIBLE customer service. Scheduled an anniversary dinner here, and was flummoxed when I tried to let them know we'd be running a bit late (15 minutes), as it was an unusual rain storm that had snarled traffic. First, the woman who answered the phone couldn't seem to find the reservation. Second, the fifteen minute grace period was obviously not okay with her. I was told the only other available time was three hours later. When I told her that we could either be there, but fifteen minutes late, or not come at all, she opted to accept that we wouldn't be coming and spending money there. What??! I mean, not everyone can have TOP CHEF money, but still. Craftsteak is not in need of building a client base? Give me a break. Clearly, the customer service of Tom Colicchio's staff is non-existant. Instead, hubris and bitchiness prevail -- almost like TOP CHEF itself.
2	I'm not sure what's happened here.  The service is still great, but the quality of the meat was really different than when we were here last.  We ordered the bone-in ribeye and it was chain grocery store quality at best.  You know how lower grade meat has that mealy texture?  We ordered it medium rare and it was still that way.  We were really disappointed because the last time we were here it was a delicious experience.  Maybe their purveyors are pulling a fast one on them.  To be fair, we are used to prime steakhouses and this wasn't listed as prime...but we still didn't expect it to be as low in quality as it was.
5	Expensive but delicious! I had the surf and turf and it was amazing! I would go again.
1	Very disappointing meal...  We take a yearly trip to Vegas and always have a steak dinner on the last night.  We've hit a them all on the strip, but this is the first time I've been truly disappointed. They were out of a few of the items on the drink menu. The steaks were mediocre at best. In particular the prime NY strop was extremely bad. No flavor at all and there was so much fat and connected tissue that I couldn't even eat 3/4 of it. Upon telling the staff, they were in different. No apology or effort to make it right.  I've had better steaks and service at your middle of the road steak chain on the side of the highway. I would not return and would recommend going elsewhere. On top of everything else they have a photographer walking thru taking pictures of you like you are at an amusement park...quite tacky!  Go
5	Great steak options and a full menu of great appetizers and entrees to choose from.  Our party of 4 all loved the steaks we chose.  I really don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu.  Great service...very friendly!
4	Made a reservation on Open Table and got seated right away. We were staying at the MGM and decided to find a good dining establishment right here in the hotel for the convenience. CRAFTSTEAK did not disappoint!Food:1) Roasted Beet Salad $13: this dish was beautifully presented. My favorite part of this dish was the pickled egg that was dyed pink. The acid definitely brought out the sweetness in the beets.2) Butternut squash soup $16: They bring out a soup bowl with pancetta lining the bottom of the bowl. Then they pour your butternut squash soup into your bowl. The soup was creamy and delicious.3) Wagyu Skirt Steak $78: Heeding the recommendations of several Yelp reviews, I landed on the Wagyu Skirt steak. I love skirt steak because you can really taste the beefiness. What made this skirt steak so special was that not only was the flavor on point, it was SOOO tender! I usually have problems chewing on beef because of some dental issues but with this steak, there were no issues at all. I was able to savor every bite and enjoy it. This was the best skirt steak I have ever tried.4) Angus Rib Eye $55: a nice hunk of beef! I usually get rib eye whenever I can but I was happy that my partner ordered this. It was meaty and fatty, just how a rib eye should be.5) Our sides approx $13 each: maui onion, yukon gold puree, prosciutto butternut risotto: we enjoyed each of the sides that we ordered. 6) Monkeybread with banana ice cream $15: It didn't take much convincing to order this dessert. Wish it came with more ice cream though!Total cost of dinner came out to about $300 after tip. We definitely had food leftover and packaged it up to go. It was STILL very tasty the next day!!!
3	12.28.14Now that I'm older and have no desire or energy to go clubbing when I'm in Vegas, I've found another way to blow my hard-earned cash.$$$$ restaurants definitely fit the mold. Unfortunately, Robuchon was booked up through the week, so plan B it was. OpenTable reservations were plentiful for Craftsteak, so this was nice and easy.We waited a bit to be seated. We waited a bit longer to get our drink orders in (highland fling for him, malbec for me). And even longer between courses. Service was spotty, to say the least.Portions, however, were generous. I'm glad we settled on sharing one appetizer (the lobster bisque), one protein each (short ribs for me, kobe skirt steak for him), and a side (shishito peppers).Lowlight: the lobster bisque was way over-seasoned, and didn't really signal a great start to the meal.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tom-colicchios-craftsteak-las-vegas-2?select=g3iit_zkN6Fw0eDJhvqzDg#g3iit_zkN6Fw0eDJhvqzDgSaving grace: both the short ribs and the skirt steak were cooked perfectly. The ribs came out steaming hot while the skirt steak was a tad cooler - perhaps was waiting for the other dish to be finished before being brought out all together.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tom-colicchios-craftsteak-las-vegas-2?select=g3iit_zkN6Fw0eDJhvqzDg#03DW_mPIiZEWZA0mEoTb6wThe shishito peppers were a good balance, but we could only finish half the plate given how large the meat dishes were.Overall: glad I checked this off my list, but no desire to return anytime soon.Total damage for two: $229
1	6 of us went NewYears eve to bring in 2015. It was about half full.  It was very disappointing.  One couple's steak had to be sent back twice and after waiting for it 30 minutes, we just cancelled it.  The side orders were warm at best.   The server did not not want to be there.  Just a very bad experience and we will not return.  The Mgr. did not handle it well.  We talked to some folks who ate there not long ago and it was a similar story.
2	Very disappointed at the house "specialties", the lobster bisque and the 24 hour shortrib. The best part of my meal was the side dishes (maui onions and the risotto). I spent $220 for a meal for two with a drink, my money would have been better spent at Flemming's or Ruth Chris. The place was also overly crowded and difficult to hold a conversation. The wait staff did do a great job explaining the menu and in providing quality service.
4	We visited Craftsteak before a concert the other nite.  I really enjoyed our visit, but wish that we had more time to enjoy the experience.  We had a reservation at 6:15p and the concert was at 8p,  so we thought  that this would be adequate time for our dining experience, sadly it felt a lil rushed. We were seated an promptly ordered our drinks, they started the food by serving hot fresh baked rolls with butter, we then ordered the 10 oz Filet Mignon, Potatoes Gratin with roasted garlic and cream and the Risotto with butternut puree, prosciutto, and scallions.  This was definitely enough food to share! I really enjoyed all of the food that we ordered and would definitely go back again! (sadly time ran short and we had to rush out to our concert, so I was not able to try any dessert)
4	This is a really tough review for me because I'm not exactly sure how I want to rate it. I am a huge fan of Tom Colicchio and I came here as a gift from someone. I point that out because I would never spend so much money on a restaurant. I ordered the domestic Wagyu Skirt Steak, as it was recommended to me. I found it to be tasty but not for that price. The Hen of the Woods mushrooms were good but nothing super memorable while the potato puree was really rich and just okay. We also had scallops that didn't quite live up to others I've had in recent months. My point is that I understand you are paying for the name and location but neither, in my mind, justify the steep prices. If I'm paying this much, I should walk out thinking this would be my last meal on earth and this one didn't even rank in the top 10 while this was number one on the money spent.What I will say is that the service was second to none. In fact, I'm not sure I've ever had such outstanding service at a restaurant. It was perfect- not overbearing but attentive and excellent recommendations. I just can't say enough.I liked the ambiance. It really worked well for this place and was in line with my expectations. It made for a great date spot.When it's all said and done, if you are willing to spend all this money then go for it. I think there are better options for steak in Vegas and when I factor in what I thought about the food compared to the price, this place is nothing more than a 3.5 star rating.
5	We chose this place for our christmas dinner because of the good reviews and also we were watching the show Ka afterwards so was convenient was well.We made reservation and got seated right away. We got lobster bisque and roasted beet salad to share. The server offered to bring out the soup in two separate bowls which I thought was very nice gesture since he knew we were sharing it. Both were delicious and the bread must have come right out from the oven cuz it was hot and tasty. We shared the 18oz ribeye steak and got brussel sprouts and potato gratin as sides. They cut the steak for us so it was easier to share. The portion was perfect for us and even had leftover. Steak was cooked to perfect medium rare and the flavor was just right. not too overbearing like some steakhouses.Everything came out in timely manner and servers were great! I highly recommend it if ur making a trip to vegas and want to treat yourself to a nice steak dinner!
5	I expected the food to be good and was not disappointed. However I did not expect the absolutely amazing service that went above and beyond expectations. Our waiter, Randal, was phenomenal! When he found out that we were running late for our show reservation he arranged an exit through the kitchen to where he had a cab standing by for us!! All in all one of the best restaurant experiences in recent memory mainly due to Randal. Thank you sir..
5	Holy amazing steak, Batman!! I was here with a group of 72 people, so we had a private-ish area off of the main dining room. Our servers were on point. If water glasses got to low, someone was there instantly to refill. If wine got to low, same thing. Everyone was super friendly and attentive. It was amazing. For appetizers, we had Beef Tar-Tar, Oysters, and two types of salad, plus rolls. The Beef Tar-Tar was delicious, and the salads were fresh and crisp. Our main course was a selection of Wagyu Skirt Steak, Filet Mignon, Lobster Tail, and another cut of steak that I'm currently blanking on, with sides of mashed potatoes, asparagus, mushrooms and spinach. It was all served family style so that everyone could try some of everything. I have never had such great pieces of steak...ever. The skirt steak was definitely the winner of the three cuts. The mashed potatoes were melt in your mouth amazing, and the asparagus was cooked to perfection. For dessert, it was a selection of ice creams, gelatos, apple crisp, and sweet potato cheesecake...all of which was out of this world delicious. For anyone staying in Vegas and in need of a great steak, I highly recommend this place!!
4	Made a reservation on OpenTable and was seated without any trouble. The restaurant is a little bit hard to find in the maze inside the casino. Once we were seated and ordered, food came on pretty fast. The salad, Warm Frisee, was delicious. The poached egg mixed well with the mixed green and the bacon was good. The salad was also pretty decent sized, so you could share it with someone else if you have a 3-course meal. The porterhouse steak came up and I will admit I was underwhelmed. I may have been expecting something like a Peter Lugers where the steak has been clearly aged. Don't get me the wrong, the steak was good, but it wasn't memorable. The bone marrow that came with it was also pretty oily. We also ordered a side of brussel sprouts, which was one of the specials of the day and it was very flavorful.
5	Amazing food, atmosphere and service.  Definitely 5 stars.The Ribeye was cooked to perfection, but the Braised ShortRib was the best.  The meat was so tender and the flavor made me moan with each bite.We had the potatoes gratin and Brussels Sprouts for sides.  I recommend both of them.  I wanted to eat the entire tray of fresh baked rolls,  but I resisted the temptation.  I did take them home and had them the next day.For dessert, the bf ordered the Monkey Bread.  While it was delicious, he said mine is better.  ha!  The bill was around $200 (we weren't drinking that night), so be prepared to spend some money.  But this is Vegas and you don't eat like that every day.
4	Great. Lobster sarad, Baby Spinach and Bone Rib-eye. Bar counter seats do not require pre-reservation.
