5	Excellent Hotel! You really feel like you are in New York City when you are in the hotel!
3	I like gambling here. There really isn't anything else to here.
4	My husband has stayed here before and found his room passable.  But I think this is one of the more fun casinos to stroll through.  It is outfitted with numerous small eateries, all with a delightful miniaturized New York decor complete with parking meters, street signs, and "outdoor" seating in the walkways.  The ventilation is good, so it isn't overly smoky.  There's a place where the roller coaster pops through and you can here people screaming.  Like all casinos, it is labyrinthine and easy to get lost in; you can get a free map from the front desk.
4	This is just for Manhattan Express.$12 you get the best way to see the strip and that's if you're not closing your eyes like a wuss!  The ride is long for a roller coaster ride and the wait was like 15 minutes.  The ride can be ruff and there isn't any padding in the seats, its just you and plastic!Oh and the hotel seems pretty nice too!  It hasn't fallen apart like some of the other hotels over the years.
3	Never stayed here but have visited a couple times - don't like it. My mom is from NYC and even she didn't like it. Not to be snobby but maybe it should be called new jersey, new jersey. the layout is crappy. walkways are small & always blocked by slow walkers chit chatting. the decor is a little dorky too - it's like nyc overdone. the gambling is good though. the coaster is good too
4	The last time we were in Vegas, my boyfriend and I stayed here and were pleasantly surprised.  Based upon the deal we got, we were expecting just an average hotel.  But it was actually pretty nice!  Big marble bathroom, and really spacious and nicely-done room.  Plus they totally hooked us up.  When we checked in, they upgraded us and gave us a big discount.  The staff were all super friendly and nice.  Plus we got this package where you get all these free or 2-for-1 coupons for things in the hotel.  We got two free rides on the roller coaster which was way fun!  I'm glad we got to do that but I don't think I would pay $12 for it.We got 2-for-1 drink coupons for Nine Fine Irish Men, the hotel's Irish bar.  We LOVED this place!  It was a huge, tri-level bar/restaurant with a nice little outdoor seating area.  We thoroughly enjoyed sitting out there on a few balmy September nights.  The bar somehow manages to remain intimate in spite of its size.  The bartender was friendly and generous, giving us big tastes of a bunch of beers for free because we didn't know what to order.Also included in the coupons was a 2-for-1 breakfast at the litte Italian restaurant.  Again, we weren't expecting much.  But the breakfast was fabulous!  The best benedict I've had in a long time, for sure.  Plus we got to sit "outside" on the "patio" next to the "river".  NYNY has a great location in the middle of all the action, which is another plus.The only downside was the selection of late-night eats.  We ended up settling on slices of pizza that were like cardboard and just NASTY.Oh, and the pool leaves a little to be desired.  Kind of cramped, and it feels "walled-in".I would certainly stay here again because I don't think you can beat the value.  You're not paying all that much but you actually get a lot of quality.
5	Love this casino!  Love it!  1. The floor boss remembered me and that it was my birthday the day after:)  2.  The roller coaster here is the bomb!  Sit in the front - you won't regret it!  3.  The whole place is just different than any other casino in vegas.  Its a nice change to the overly done chandeliers and neon.  If you are in vegas, check this place out.
3	Seems ok from the outside (I mean, the fake buildings are pretty amazing), but inside it's totally inauthentic. At times the decor seems a lot more like 'jack the ripper' era London than anything in New York. New York might be the greatest city in the world. How they managed to turn it into a totally dull casino is beyond me.
4	Overall a pretty cool place to stay.  However, not the place to go if you're looking to relax- for both the younger clientele and the roller coaster outside the hotel.   Being a new property, the rooms are still relatively lightly tread and the casino is well laid out.  The bars and clubs are fun.Not amazing, but certainly a fun place.
2	Great place if you don't want to actually stay in a room.  The rooler coaster is way fun, the design of the building and casino is great and the location is perfect.  Just the rooms suck.  I stayed at a suite here one time and it was a complete disaster.  Go for lunch, gamble, ride the coaster - then leave...
4	This review is for the Nine Fine Irishmen Bar & Pub--I've been here twice over the past two years.Nice two-story/loft layout with bars on each floor.  Authentic decor and design of the place which apparently was sent over from Ireland.  There are Irish dancers and a live band that perform while you drink and/or stand around and dance.  Seating is nice, if you are upstairs.  Downstairs is better if you're into watching the band.  The volume is quite loud, so expect to sit close and/or yell your conversation.Drinks are on the more expensive side--but remember, this is Vegas--but they have a large selection and several Irish favorites.  I'd recommend this bar if you're not into the club scene and you just want to get a drink and hang out.
3	casino was fun, food sucked, roller coaster was the shit, and i met omarion from b2k.
2	Blah.  At $159 a night, you can do better.First, you should understand a bit about my Vegas feelings to put this review in perspective:  I agree with one fella on the Web who likened the city to a great big "Golden Turd."  Seriously, the city is gaudy, artificial, obnoxious, crude, expensive, and -- IMHO -- largely not worth visiting except for some good shows.And speaking of gaudy and artificial... gah, NYNY just made me wanna puke.  I'm guessing that if any REAL New Yorker met up with the designer of this place, they'd a punch'im in da face.  And rightly so.It's basically a cartoonish, 204785471285-slot-machined, loud faux imitation of how a mentally challenged two-year-old might perceive the actual city of New York, right down to the "street" signs and other signs, wall coverings, and so on.  And the "America" diner?  Just like real diners in NY and around America, except more polished, obnoxious, and expensive.The pizza I had?  Definitely not NY pizza.  The "dueling piano" bar?  'twas people playing one real piano and a fake-piano synth.  They couldn't even have gotten two real pianos in the place?  No, wait, that'd be too much realism.The rollercoaster?  $12.50 a ride.  You've got to be kidding me.  I didn't bother.Blackjack tables?  Mostly $25 a hand, cheapest I saw was $15.  Again, no thanks.And, like most big hotels in Vegas, I guess, it's laid out and lit in such a way as to make...- getting to your room from the lobby entrance about a 20 minute trek- finding an exit a particular challenge unless you have a compass- enjoying even a tiny sliver of peace and quiet basically impossible, except in your room.Oh, wait, even THAT isn't very quiet, due to the paper-thin walls.And speaking of my room...It was barely serviceable, with a tiny tiny desk, Internet access that required you to string a cable (literally) from one end of the room to another (TV to desk) and pay $11.99, a fan (hot/cold) that had no automatic setting, and bedsheets that clearly didn't fit snugly on the bed 'cause they got all bunched up after laying on the bed for 5 minutes.And why is it seemingly a universal rule that tap water in hotels tastes and/or smells disgusting?  NYNY was no exception to this rule.Having the hotel store your bags after checkout?  Expect to wait over 20 minutes while they tag them and then later try to (with difficulty) find them.  Other service aspects were no better.  "Where can I get breakfast here in the morning?" elicited great puzzlement from the person at the weirdly-named Bell Desk, who didn't seem to have any knowledge of which of the 10-15 eateries in the hotel actually served food in the morning.*  *  *So, with all this crapitude, why do I give the place two stars?The bed, despite the ill-fitting sheets, was pretty comfy.  Room was nicely cleaned and not too horribly cramped.  Shower worked decently.But still... avoid this place.  There are MUCH finer places to stay in Vegas.  If you want peace and quiet, for instance, stay at the Renaissance Inn; no infernal slot machines, huuuuuuuge rooms (suites, basically), and friendly staffers.
4	They did an awesome job recreating the streets of New York. I mean, I've never been to New York... But if this is what it's like. I can't wait to visit! If New York isn't like this... please, don't burst my bubble.This was one of the first of the new generation of themed hotel/casinos in Las Vegas, I was around when they first opened... It was and still is sort of a big deal.
3	Eveyone should ride the Manhattan Express Roller Coaster at night. Aside from the 200 ft climb and 144 ft drop at top speed of 67mph, you'll be rewarded with striking sights of the Strip for only $12.50 - just remember to keep your eyes open.
4	I'm going to admit it -- I'm not a huge Vegas fan, though with Fix, the Bellagio fountains, Star Trek Experience, and a few other things, I would definitely go again.This hotel is the place to be.  It's got fun and whimsical theming, and they constantly are e-mailing me with specials for $79/night, Sunday-Thursday.  Works for me.The interior is lots of fun and I really, truly enjoyed the experience.  I don't think I'll stay at anything older than this place, because now I'm spoiled! ;)
4	New York was the first hotel I ever stayed at in Vegas, and it was a great time. I enjoyed it overall, but here's a quick pro/con list...Great:-The casino. Great slots, I won a lot of money here! Very friendly staff and waitresses. I don't drink but the waitresses were very nice and offered anything you could possibly want while gambling away. -The decor. Okay, so it's not an exact replica of New York. I've read a lot of complaints that it doesn't look authentic, but I'm originally from New York, and I think they did a good job. It's cute and a bit kitschy.-The rooms. Awesome but a bit overpriced I think. I had a jacuzzi right in my room and it was quite spacious.-The Mexican restaurant. I forget the name, but if you visit this hotel, DO NOT miss this food!-Roller Coaster. Beautiful views, but expensive!-Snack stand upstairs. Best caramel apple I've ever had. I went back about 5 times.Not so great:-America restaurant. Terrible service, terrible food. It's open 24 hours, but I'd rather take a cab or walk to another hotel if I'm hungry at 4am-Game tables. There's more slot machines, and when I went, the people playing the tables seemed pretentious and unfriendly.-Access to rooms. Confusing!All in all I'd recommend this hotel. For a theme hotel, they did a really good job. I'd return, but I like to try something new for each trip!
4	My husband and I stayed here for a week.  Our room was larger than expected, quiet, and exceptionally clean.  Our room was cheap and we were even upgraded  for free to a bigger room at checkin. We never had to wait long for an elevator and it was a quick walk to the strip.  I did not gamble or eat at NYNY except for a pretzel. I will definitely stay here again.
4	Being underage, booo!!! I get to go ride on the rollar coaster and play in the video arcade.  The rollar coaster is fun to ride on at night and it has beautiful views because of all the wonderful lights in Vegas.  The only downer of the rollar coaster is that it costs about $12.  The arcade will keep any young kid occupied for many hours it is large. Other then that it was nice, especially walking through the whole thing on allstar weekend!! INSANE DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE AIRPORT THAT WEEKEND? I was there, I thought if I moved I would lose my group.  I will never see so many people in one area ever again.
4	I have stayed at most of the Vegas strip hotels and here are my thoughts.What's nice abou this hotel is that it is in the middle of the strip and accessible to the other neighboring hotels like the MGM, Alladin, Paris, Excalibur and Monte Carlo.  This hotel usually draws a younger crowd without the arragance.The rooms are among the smallest in size on the strip.  It is also among the darkest lit which doesn't help when you want to look your best.  The bathrooms utilize flourecent light, which I find a bit odd for a nice hotel.If you are a coffee junkie, you will love this place.  It's one of the very few hotels on the strip which features an in-house Starbucks AND Krispy Kreme doughnut kiosk!TIP: Ask for a hotel room near the elevator since they are not exactly centrally located.  You will appreciate the short commute!
5	Loved this hotel when we came here the summer of 2003. Me being 18 and not being able to gamble, the arcade here was awesome. Better than Luxor or Excalibur, not as good as Circus Circus. The family got an upgrade to a Park Place suite, I believe, and we stayed in the building with the pink windows. We got a corner room, so that was awesome. We had like 10 window panes in that room. The bathroom, as I recall, was alright and the room overall was good. There was no buffet, so that sucked, but we went to the expensive ESPN Zone, and the food was alright. I would come here again if it's affordable...for my parents, that is.
4	Something about this place.  Maybe ranks up there as places I like cuz I have never lost here.  Since giving up all my money usually when I come to Vegas, places that make me money have to be highlighted.  They had the first electronic Roulette table in Vegas.  Others have it now.  But, a can't miss for gambling... good aura I guess.  Poker, craps, roulette, all A+ for me.  Ok, other stuff, lots of food choices here, like Gallagher's Steak House and a good Italian place as well.  Seems like Central Park ish but that is the intention.  Hotel is nice, and comfy.  And can't pass up the roller coaster ride on the outside, better than Sahara's version.  Late night, Coyote Ugly takes over this place, most nights, pretty decent lines to get in.  They sell merchandise on the outside and the staff dances on the bar counter outside all night so that is pretty hard to pass upu.  Its not a overly large club but its pretty fun!!  Shopping wise, subpar but if your a Harley person, you will like the fact there is a store inside.    But, did I mention the gambling......
4	One of my favorite places in Las Vegas, the NY NY hotel is great. I highly recommend the $20 trick when not staying on a weekend or during a major event! (Basically slip a folded $20 bill between your ID and credit card at check in and ask if there are any "complimentary" upgrades available. This is a Vegas hotel standard, all the check in staff will know what you mean at any hotel pretty much!) The rooms are nice, even the simple most basic rooms have a very clean design and upgraded feeling to them. The suites are also very nice. (The $20 trick got me an upgrade to a spa suite). The little book of coupons they give at check in are great, especially since it includes 2 roller coaster rides per room! The 2-for-1 drinks and meals can be useful if you stay around the hotel/casino. I'm a big fan of attention to detail, probably why I am such a huge Disneyland fan, and in many ways, I see Las Vegas as kinda like Disneyland for adults. From the cobblestone streets to the NYC style business facades, to the coney island arcade, NY NY does a great job of making visitors feel transported to New York. There is a great restaurant selection, and the piano bar is always a blast.
4	No complaints about the hotel. My stay was good even though I could hear the roller coaster out my window until pretty late at night. The rooms were good sized and comfortable. I do have to complain about lack of directional signs they give you to find the monorail. The city advertises the crap out of it but the hotels that the monorail connects to withhold that information to keep you wandering around the casino. Really annoying.
3	Hit up Chuck-a-Luck, skip the rest!
4	Things didn't start out so well but they did improve.    Upon arrival we were told that though we reserved a non-smoking room none were available.  We had to upgrade rooms to get a non-smoking.  The room we received was really nice but nowhere near the elevator as promised.  I spoke to a manager the next morning and had the upgrade charges removed and enjoyed the remainder of our stay.
3	For one of the new hotels in Las Vegas, it didn't hit all the right buttons for me.Sure, the guests are younger that at other casinos and the gambling area seems smaller and there where lots of non-gambling things to do (they've got a roller coaster).  They fail on some of the basics.  They wanted really wanted me to take a smoking room with one bed - I want non-smoking, it doesn't even need to have a bed!  My room didn't have a desk, only a side table the size of my laptop and the same height as the chair.  How is that for ergonomics?  The fitness center wasn't open 24 hours - who ever heard of something closing in Las Vegas.  Plus I had to pay $35 for the privilege of using weight machines probably from the mid-80's, albeit refinished to match the brown decor of the weight room.The restaurants had good food, but that is for another review (as are the not so good parts).We did get a really good room rate and a lot of attentive service from our meeting coordinator (yep, it was a work trip), but I don't think the NY NY is a better place to visit (to quote the Beatsies).  You can see the transplanted NYC landmarks - you can look up the statue of liberty's windblown skirt where she adorns a row of slot machines (I'm not sure of the socio-political metaphor) - but it doesn't call to me as a place to stay again, unless my company pays for it. Again.
3	I was kinda disappointed of this hotel for it being a 4-star. The street area is a bit crowded and there isn't much there worth stopping for.My room was really cool which is located above the elevators next to the asian cafe and the place with slabs of meat showing on display. It was exactly what I was expected it to be. But my friend's room (It's at the far end of the hotel near the car) was so much of a disappointment. They had to exit the elevator on the 39th floor and walk up two flights of stairs to get to their room on the 41st floor, that is just madness!!? They room was about half the size of mine, with a puny TV and a useless walk-in closet room.
4	===========================RJR - ISSUE #11 - Special Edition==========================="LOCATION! LOCATION! LOCATION!"This hotel is on my favorite end of the Las Vegas Strip...but best of all it's in walking distance and centralized between the likes of the Bellagio, Monte Carlo, MGM Grand, Luxor, and Manadalay Bay. Location is one of the reasons why I highly favor this hotel.Now we're not talking Waldorf-Astoria Hotel so don't expect Park Avenue perks when it comes to staying here.  But for Las Vegas glitz and glam its a nice fascade of New York Imagery.http://ltierney.demon.co.uk/webimages/galleries/12/fullsize/IMG_4394.JPGNow...I'm not much on gambling....But when I am in sin city... I do like to check out the glitz , a show or two, people watch among the tourist from all over the world, check out the local eats...and most of all...relax when I want to get away from the crowds...~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Which is why we like to stay at one NY-NY's Spa deluxe Rooms.http://www.nynyhotelcasino.com/images/hotel/center_hotel_spa.jpgRates From: $155 a nightA comfortable pad with 400-500 square feet...one king-size bed, sitting area and large clover-shape spa tub thoughtfully positioned in the corner of the bedroom.  The bathroom is very roomy with an over-size shower and vanity.   And there's more than enough space to unload your luggage & lay out all your gear for your Vegas stay.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Living the Vegas life with your own spa in your room is the way to go!  And keep in mind I do believe the Luxor and Caesar's offer similar Spa Deluxe rooms.I highly recommend!*SPECIAL BONUS FEATURES*-  Don't forget to check out there promotions board from time to time for package deals:http://www.nynyhotelcasino.com/promotions/ - Check out - Coyote Ugly - Where hot female bartenders will entertain you with their cool artistic pouring techniques.http://www.coyoteuglysaloon.com/vegas/coyotes.html
5	Love this hotel!  We just came back from Vegas last Wednesday night and stayed at this hotel.  We flew in around 11 a.m. on Monday and when we arrived at the hotel we could either check in to a room with 2 queen beds or wait until 3 to get the king.  We were both tired and decided on the queen for the time being.  Went down to eat and decided to upgrade our room to the "Spa room" which was only $50 more and we were so glad that we did.  Much better room... a big flat screen tv, hot tub, huge bed and a nicer decor.  We also requested a mini fridge because that room did not come with one and they were more than happy to supply us with one.  We just made it up to our room and 2 minutes later we had a knock on the door with the fridge.  We enjoyed all the different food options we had downstairs.  They have the 24hour restaurant named America which had awesome food and great waitresses.  We mainly stayed at that hotel and when we ventured over to Paris hotel the prices for drinks were more expensive. You have to stop over at Gonzalez y Gonzalez to get the awesome huge margaritas ... we paid about $12 for one.. but it was delicious.. I must say that we were not disappointed at all with this hotel or any of their services.  Everyone was great to deal with, from the front desk to the people at the restaurants/bars.  We enjoyed our stay here and would recommend this hotel to everyone.
3	The New York New York is now one of the older hotels on the strip and is on the Tropicana, Las Vegas blvd. intersection. This hotel is far less glitzy than the newer luxury hotels and I can't speak of the rooms other than they are decent and nothing special or bad. The best thing about NY NY is they house Zumanity!! Taking a night to do a themed evening and hitting Zumanity and the Piano bar would be about the only thing I would recommend but this is definitely something fun to see on the inside.
4	Love the arcade and the roller coaster!Gotta love flying high above the strip in a plastic yellow taxi - make sure that you yell out something when you're slowly making your way to the top of the incline.Put this on your list for "good clean fun" in Las Vegas - hehe.
3	Staying at the MGM Grand, a walkway bridge takes you to New York, New York without crossing the busy street below.  It was fun to see what they did to condense Manhattan into this building.  The little bridges actually imitated Central Park, but other than that felt like a Disney version of New York.Plus was the live band playing which was pretty decent.  But the best part was the mirror 'ball' shaped like a big apple and when you look at it, you inadvertently exclaim, "Look at the big apple!"  And then you feel like a dork when you realize what you've just said.
3	Stayed in a nice corner room last time.  Nothing extravagant, but no complaints.  The casino itself is kind of small, and the biggest drawback for me is...no buffet!  Il Fornaio is fine, and Chin Chin has decent Asian food.  The pool is okay - they have a little net set up for some water-volleyball action.  If you can get a good rate, take it and visit the other casinos around the strip to complete your visit!
2	Ok as for the hotel...pretty decent I kept winning in that HUGE slot machine that only pays out in coins so i liked thatas for the food! do not eat at that one resturant by the main elevators CAFE USA or something there's a big map of the US...DO NOT eat there!! FOOD WAS DISGUSTING! SERVICE WAS SO BAD...First off the wait to order the food 20 mins food comes out...COLDwe asked for the check and the guy ignored us and walked away! YES HE HEARD US! MADE EYE CONTACT and threw up his finger like wait a second...that second turned into 30 mins...we paid and left
3	Definitely a younger crowd at this casino.  A little too crowded for my tastes as well.  And when I was there it was mostly single-deck blackjack, which I don't like much.  The room was really nice though and I had a good dinner at some italian restaurant.  The hallways also seemed to go on forever and were a maze.  For the money I'd stay somewhere else, but because the room was so nice I went ahead and gave it 3 stars.
2	My work has had a sales conference in Vegas every year, and traditionally, my roommate and I get placed in the worst venue each time. Last year, all our friends got but in Mandalay Bay, and we were placed in an unrenovated, dingy tower at Caesars. I think god is trying to punish us for our sins. First of all, I hate Las Vegas and casinos especially. I think all the lights and sounds and masses of people tend to drive me insane. I also found navigating this hotel really confusing. Its like a maze and it took me forever to find the exits. As usual, we checked in and got placed in one of the smoking towers, and the week went pretty much downhill after that. The ambience of the room was similar to a best Western, or maybe Motel 8, and reeked of smoke and stale mold. All that for $140 a nite! Also, there was a shooting here recently which I think adds to its "hood" credibility. The restaurants and bars in this hotel leave much to be desired. There are a lot of fake new york pizza and deli places, and some stands that feature some pretty unappetizing looking "new york" hotdogs. The pool is not the greatest here either....its small, with limited numbers of lawn chairs. Also, the room service at this place sucks. Its slow, and the food is pretty crappy. But hey, I was in Vegas, where I typically drink things that i should not and eat nasty food late at nite, so there were a couple nites i went on eating binges . The lowest point during the week was when I woke up at 8 in the morning in a plate of fried chicken and mac and cheese. I hope to never repeat that again.
4	I have to tell you, I don't like Las Vegas a whole lot. I think the hotels always let you down, it's dirty AND people use it as an excuse to go nuts and dress slutty.The room:NY, NY, turned it all around. When we got there, we didn't like the set up of the room, so we asked for another one, but wanted to view it first to make sure it was OK (see headline, i like to complain).  So they let us view the other room, which we liked a WHOLE lot better. NICE Room Service:So later that night our friends came into town, we drank and needed munchies. The Room service made pizza for us even though it was after 2 am, extra chicken fingers AND they delivered free sodas = RAD.Plus he told me Jay Z was staying in the hotel so that makes him RADDER.The Pool: Yeah it was kind of small, but I wasnt there to be seen, just to relax. We had VIP service for the pool. Our own pool boy, our own floaties, free drinks and fruit and did I mention I had a pool boy to boss around? HAHAHA.The Gambling:The mister won a grand. Nuff said.(i lost like $100, BOOOOOOOOOOO)
3	The beds: not so comfyThe Room service: Pizza at 2am? 3am? when they dint even make it then super coolVIP Pool: AWESOME!!!!! we had one personal pool boy and like two other waitersI had the best turkey club at the poolI also got the best tanWe had floaties and drinks what more can we ask foractually the whole service came with two buckets of an assortment of juices, fruit, waters and chipsI didn't really gamble but i will next timethey have a crispy creme doughnut shop here to be carefulHousekeeping kept wanting to bring me towels but honestly we were in Vegas for 40 hours and we had plenty:)3 stars cause the bed was not comfy
5	I have died and seen what heaven is like !! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwBl16dMT2MDueling pianos,  are you fucking kidding me?? Out of all the places I went to in Vegas, this place was by far my all time favorite. If you want to have a loud evening of singing, dancing and hollering walk over to The Bar at Times Square where everyone is best friends. You will suddenly find you are all singing drunkenly at the top of your lungs the classic lyrics of miss Elton John:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alGL1-6pp9s"... my gift is my song and this one's for you... and you can tell everybody this is your song... i hope you don't mind. IIIiii HOPEYOUDONT MIND that i putdown inwords howwonderfullifeis now yourinthe world...."I must admit. Best singin group hug I've ever had in my life.
5	NOO YAWK in the middle of the desert!....this place is fun to just walk around and gawk at all the New York flavor around this place...i especially liked the miniature Central Park and Statue of Liberty....fun stuff...
4	Great place for snacking, of course it's not the real thing, but quite cute the way it's decorated.  Very colorful and bright.
4	I really liked this hotel casino.  The staff was very very helpful!  My room was in one of the rear towers, but it was nice.  I had a ball here. Nice eating nooks here, nice spacious casino area!
3	Stayed here for 3 nights when in Vegas for a friends birthday....here are positives and negativesPros1) We had a good sized room with amazing views of the strip, but we were in a corner room so thats probably why2) Was clean and classy without trying to be too swanky. Its Vegas after all...cheesy and cheap reign here3) The staff were very helpful in trying to make my friends birthday a memorable one4) My friend won $800 on the nickel slotsCons1) DESIGN!!! who ever designed this sucks. You could hear the rollercoaster in our room which is not exactly welcoming when its 9 am, you went to bed at 4 am, and are a little hung over. Actually, its really really really annoying. AND the rollercoaster goes right over the pool area. I like to relax and zone out by the pool, which is hard to do with screaming people going over you every few people. 2) Speaking of the pool....I was underwhelmed. Really generic and small. 3) Needs better night clubs. Coyote Ugly is the only option, and believe me, you'll pass on that!4) The hotel is better for families or business people (which who was primarily there)... our group of 20 somethings girls felt out of place Next Vegas trip, I'll look elsewhere.
3	This place is a'ite.  The food at the Nine Fine Irishmen restaurant will probably bring me back here in the future.  As we needed to be over at the Monte Carlo, (parking is a clusterfumble at the Monte by the way...  Monte Carlos parking may as well be Monty Python parking...), we parked next door at the NYNY and walked over.  Since this route necessitated rolling through the casino, we slot jockeyed for a while prior to walking over.  The place is ok.  Not sure if I'd want to stay here, but it was cool in a Vegas York kinda way.
5	My favorite place to gamble hands down.  I sat at one $5 blackjack table for about 4 hours.  The dealers were all really awesome and the pit boss's were hilarious.  The crowd there isn't too booshie nor salty, but a perfect diverse group.They made me a player's club card which I was very proud to have!  Not bad for my first time at the tables.  :)
4	I stayed at this hotel last year and it was very nice.  I love the design of the rooms.  Very fitting for New York.  The location was a bit off the main strip area, but we had a car with us so it didn't matter so much.  The best part of this hotel was all the little restaurants inside.
3	the novelty of the roller coaster is worth four stars but the price knocks it down to a three.
4	My 22 year old son (Jake) came to visit from N.C. during the Christmas school break and asked to visit Sin City before NYE. Although not really feeling up to it, I agreed & we bolted for the border.We enjoyed an 8 hour drive due to major sand storms in the Mojave desert that almost doubled the travel time. Fortunately, we communicate well, so it wasn't too torturous.I've visited this property numerous times, primarily for the gaming & steakhouse, so I felt that this property was a good selection for his first visit for a variety of reasons, including the fact that only a short stroll is needed to find additional venues for eating, drinking, & being merry and it's only a short walk away from the must-see MGM. We enjoyed an awesome dinner at Gallagher's, including vodka martinis, red wine, a prime NY steak & lamb chops, both bloody as hell, top quality, & delicious.In the Brooklyn section of the property, we enjoyed pizza loaded with the wonders of the meat-loving universe!We also visited the Coyote Ugly bar, a small, hot, stuffy drinking establishment that was MC'd by a loud, skanky little girl that would benefit from charm school. I felt too old for the place, so I went to a nearby bar for a drink and dollar video poker while the youngster tried to carry on in dad's footsteps.
4	It's been a few years but I want to come back here soo bad.  OK, NO it's not authentic New York, it would be impossible to do it.  Now it is pretty darn cool if you're a Missouri boy stationed in Cali that gets a chance to hit Vegas for the weekend.  I personally thought the inside was really cool, modern and clean.  Everyone that worked there was really cool.  I didn't get to ride the roller coaster though, next time.  I will be going back to stay here someday when my career gives me a couple days off in a row :)
2	So, we stayed at New York New York in one of the spa deluxe suites in January 2008 and the whole time I was really wishing we had stayed at theWynn as originally planned. We had originally planned to stay at the Wynn however I thought that possibly the SUITE at New York New York would be more fun and just as nice plus I was excited about the Jacuzzi tub in our room, WRONG! I will list the reasons why I didn't like New York New York. The employee's are rude! I work in a large bank and know what customer service is and I can promise you that these people do not know what it is! If you want to be treated like a New Yorker, with Yes and NO answers and no warmth and friendliness stay here.1. The roller coaster is loud and has fake screams, even if there is no one on the thing they still run it and the fake screams still sound. The damn thing starts running at like 9am and goes until 11pm. 2. New York New York is way at the end off the strip and not near a whole lot of excitement which means you either get on the bus (the Deuce) or take the Tram or walk all the way down the strip. Let me tell you about the Deuce, that thing is slow and the people getting on are all of course tourists and are all confused on how the damn thing works which slows the thing down more, they stop every dang block! Grrr! 3. The hotel is kind of old compared too many of the other hotels along the strip and could use some TLC. 4. Even in the Suites you have no amenities, no coffee maker, no microwave, no small fridge or mini bar? What the! Yes, I know it is so Ill go downstairs and pay $5.00 on a cup of coffee. 5. Our room had a view of the roof and a parking garage! How Romantic is that? Umm, we were on the 5th freaking floor and in a suite and got a view of a roof? Please!!!  Ok, I'm done ranting... I will stop complaining now. If you are not looking for luxury and or customer service you may like staying here.
2	I am not impressed with New York New York. It's cute, New Yorkie, but there's not much to do there, Coyota Ugly sucks, and it feels cramped when I walk around.Never have been impressed, but I will give them a few stars for their efforts. They put alot of thought and money into trying to make it like the big NYC. It's cute but no cigar.
3	This isn't the fancies place on the strip but it gets the job done. Sides, you're only there to sleep, shower and change right? After all you are in Vegas. Our 2 double bed room was very roomy. Enough space that 6 of us were not stepping on each others toes. A good price for the room size you are, but nothing over the top like you'd find a Bellagio or Wynn.
4	Pretty standard room - nothing wrong with that. Good maid service.EXCELLENT room service. Nothing like breakfast in bed - awesome bagel, cream cheese and lox breakfast, cranberry juice and tea.Good price, great casino, EXCELLENT restaurants. Gallagher's is the best.Great game room for kids and cute shops if your interested. Nice that the public bathrooms have individual stall/room that go all the way to the floor and a solid door. Clean too!
5	As I reflect on one of my most recent trips to Vegas, I try and contemplate on how many of the 7 deadly sins I broke...  I think I finished hitting for six of seven on that trip, I ain't gonna go into detail which ones I did and didn't commit.  That's for me, a friend and a few small animals to know...  Animal debauchery aside, (kidding) I managed to get a standard room and flight from a southwest deal for less then 70 bucks a night, during check-in the woman at the front desk inquired if I would like to pay a small upgrade to gain access to their Spa Deluxe Room, I figured I'm in Vegas, why not?  I am so glad I did in the end...  Man, the first night I was there was awesome, did some room service, caviar, a little bit of bubbly and chilled in the tub, while watching whatever movie they had to offer up on that big 'old flat screen TV!  I even ventured down to a local pawn shop to find top hat and wearing it while chillin in the tub.    Hey you gotta live it up when you come to Vegas right?  There was so much room that I could sprawl out and unwind, with over 500 square feet and a prime view of the strip, It was an awesome view of the Las Vegas skyline.  There was a second bathtub/shower if you didn't feel like using the jacuzzi tub, but who the heck would turn that down to begin with?I am not a super fan with the New York theme, still that aside it's a fun atmosphere and not to far from the tram which can take up and down the strip.  Ill be back for sure next time, I mean what could beat chillin in a massive tub, with my top hat, a tub full of bubbles, enjoying a cigar in one hand, a bottle of beer in the other, room service waiting for me at arms distance all while I'm watching sports center.  Ah I felt like Pacino in Scarface, only not as cool or bad ass or rich...  damn.... so I am not Pacino, still it was awesome!
4	4 stars for cheap pai gow tables.  $10 minimum bet is way better than $50!Great "outside" eating area with a bunch of food places on a New York-esque street.  The food is cheaper here.
4	Overall, I had a great experience at this hotel. Their staff is friendly, and they were very accommodating to my non-smoking needs even though I had a late check-in.The rooms are a bit dated, but then again, this hotel doesn't charge the same 5-star prices as some of the other high end places on the strip. Rates seem relatively reasonable, and the hotel and rooms are clean and well maintained.Going here isn't like going to NYC (that would be unreasonable). Then again, you don't feel like you're in Italy when you stay at the Venetian, nor do you feel like you're in Egypt when you stay at the Luxor. I think some people may take the "theme" a bit too seriously.All-in-all, friendly staff and service do it for me. The clean rooms and well-maintained atmosphere are nice too.
3	I'm wondering why I'm giving 3 stars to a place I've stayed several times and then I remember that I had to stay there for company functions.  They put so much effort into making this look like a hokie little NYC, but the place is boring and pretty lame.  I saw they had a Tavern on the Green and was hoping it would be as fantastic as the original restaurant in NY....it wasn't a restaurant at all, it was a high stakes one-armed-bandit room! Also, I'm not sure if they are trying to replicate the city, but the little restaurants sat their garbage out in front when they closed for nightly pick-up....that's not nostalgic, that's unsanitary!The reason for the stars?  The rooms are very nice.  Exceptionally clean, nice showers, good bedding and very polite staff (not so much like I remember NY).  Good middle of the road hotel, but I'd spend a little more and step up to the premier Hotel/Casinos.
3	this place is weird. it's a facade of a city inside another city. but i have won $150 on a slot machine here within 5 pulls.
5	This review strictly addresses the rollercoaster at the New York, New York.  What a rush!  We ride this rollercoaster anytime we're in the area. It lifts you up 203 feet and drop you down 144 feet. Simulating a jet fighter's barrel roll, it will turn 180 degrees, hang 86 feet in the air, take the famous "heartline" twist and dive, and get your negative g's on! The New York, New York Roller Coaster is open  Sun-Thurs 11am-11pm, Fri-Sat 10:30am-12am.
4	Didn't stay at this hotel, but it was sooo cute.  Love the many food choices and wow, had the best chicken burger ever.
2	I've stayed at nearly every hotel on the strip, and this one ranks pretty low. Rooms are cramped and devoid of any style, substance, or luxury. Beds aren't comfortable. Walking to our room was a nightmare.. the way the hotel is laid out lends to LONG meandering hallways (5-10 min walk to a room is kind of ridiculous, and I've stayed at many other large resorts). Found the quick food options to have LONG lines and bad service. Monte Carlo is similarly priced and I find it to be much better... better pools, better service, better location, etc, etc. The only redeeming thing about this place was that it's across from MGM and has a sky bridge. Otherwise I've found everything else about NYNY to be mediocre at best.
4	A friend stayed here last week for a work event and we decided to check out the piano bar. Very fun place. I would go back for it alone. It's right next to Galliger's steakhouse.Warning though, after 7pm on weekends they charge a fee to sit at a table in this place. We stayed for the 6pm show with no table charge and it was really a blast. Fun crowd, good songs, etc... The 8pm show had a much larger crowd and we didn't want to pay the $25 per person table fee so we just hung out in the bar area.
4	My Brother decided to get married by Elvis, so I had to make my first trip to Vegas.  My Girlfriend wanted to check out NYNY, so picking the hotel was easy.Along with being one of the newer hotel/casinos in town, it is also really unique from the outside.  Inside it gets a bit crazy.  I quickly caught onto the fact that the designers of these casinos want you to get lost, quickly, and pass a lot of chances to drop some dough while you are finding your way to your elevator.   While we are on the subject of elevators.... With the striking 'skyline' appearance from the outside, NYNY is actually made up of several different "towers", which means that each one has it's own set of elevators.  The first couple times through the lobby it can be a tricky making it to your specific elevator.The interior was pretty cool.  It might not be what you think of when you think NY, but it had a neat street feel to it.Our room was about average, no disappointments, but nothing outstanding either.  I was pleased overall though.One thing that really wowed me though was the wide variety of restaurants available.  There are really too many choices to list, but I ate at Il Fornaio Panetteria and Nine Fine Irishmen twice each.... the Panetteria for breakfast and Nine Fine once for lunch and once for dinner.  All of the meals were good, especially the ones at Nine Fine.  The restaurants were the highlight of our stay there.The pool was a bit of a disappointment.  I think it was more of an afterthought for the designers.Next time a trip to Vegas comes up, I would be happy to go back to NYNY.  Recommend!!
2	lame. i walked in a pseudo-NY themed casino. i really thought a nostalgic nerve would hit me- but it didn't. everything from the fake-ass Greenwich Village to Coney Island- are you sh*ttin' me?!?! anyway, it's not totally a slumped up joint- it has it's fine points, but i actually LIVE in NYC- so i was simply not amused. the casino itself is small and non-engaging. the pizza joints and delicatessens are merely imitations and not the same experience. but whatevs... if you want to play imaginary NYC in your mind as you're vacationing in Vegas- go right ahead.
3	Not a posh room, but a decent one.  Not the most stellar service, but adequate and courteous - no problems encountered thus far. When one needs to be in VEGAS, has to be on the strip, but can't always afford the 200/night, consider this place.  It's aight...
4	My best friend and I stayed here for our annual trip to Vegas, this past weekend. We stayed here last year and we'll probably stay here next year too.The price is reasonable, the rooms are clean, and the service is fine. Sometimes, I don't want to pay $400/night to then spend another $400 gambling because the minimum bet is $25/hand. That's just me, though.The pool area could be a little larger. However, it forces you to chat with the people sitting next to you. :) See you next year Vegas! Can't wait!
4	Once, a long, long time ago, my first time in Sin City, I happened to walk into NY NY with my girlfriends to do some gambling.  We happened to stumble upon a slot tourney and thought "What the hell?..Why not join in?"  So we signed up for our NY NY cards, plopped down in front our assigned slot machines, waited for the bell and then started pulling that lever in the likes of giving a hand job, just get off already.  My friend made it to the finals and ended up winning $250 bucks.  Then we headed over to the piano bar.  A man that kinda resembled Yanni was playing the piano and a good sized crowd was drinking booze and listening to him hammer out tunes.  I walked up to him and asked him to play "Piano Man" by Billy Joel (I'm sure he gets this request all the time)....he obliges....I ask if I can lay on his piano...he obliges...I get on the piano and sprawl out like some old school lounge singer (think Michelle Pfieffer in the Fabulous Baker Boys sans the gown).  Yanni's twin, aka the piano man, starts to sing "Lady in Red" to me....ah, shucks.  Maybe because I'm turning red.  A few dudes from the crowd join in and all are singing this song to me.  I'm the center of attention, drunk, hysterically laughing and being serenaded by Yanni and a bunch of tools.  Then Yanni sings my request "Piano Man."  The bar crowd is singing along and my friends are in the corner of the bar, bent over laughing.  The mustache man with locks of Jew finally finishes the song, I hop off the piano and we go on our merry way.Thank you NY NY for the lovely memories.BEST EXPERIENCE EVER!!!!
3	I was just finish eating in the "Greenwich Village" and was about to throw away some extra fries when someone stopped me and asked, "Dude, are you gonna finish that?" Was he some tourist who had blown out already or an employee of NYNY hired to give that more "authentic" New York experience? Either way I hope he enjoyed the fries.Some other observations: NYNY's pool has just one pond and is located under their rollercoaster. It's like tanning under the L in Chicago. I didn't visit Coyote Ugly but I'm sure it's just like the Coyote Ugly in your city: dirty but in a corporate-made way. And Nine Irishmen. I do like their truly outdoor patio but cmon, you did not come to Vegas to go sit at an Irish pub!
3	One of the cheaper MGM owned properties on the strip and you certainly get what you pay for.The first thing that struck me as odd was the absence of a grand hotel lobby. You walk in the front door and literally have to side-step a few slot machines to get to guest services.The rooms are clean and nicely updated. I don't spend a lot of time in the rooms, so this suits me well. Their park avenue upgrade rooms are well worth the money as they've been recently renovated to keep pace with other hotel amenities.Another issue with NYNY is the lack of pool space. Other properties Ive stayed at (MGM. Mandalay, and Bellagio) have multiple pools and lazy rivers to beat the heat. NYNY only has a single pool and its always jammin'...and why not when it's 100+ out.When I go to Vegas I go for two things: food and gambling. The dining is lacking when compared to other big hotels. I'd expect to see at least one big name chef, but no. We ventured elsewhere to eat.We always love to try new places, but I don't think we'll stay here again.
4	We had a clean park avenue room.  We ended up with a strip view even though we did not pay for it.  The pool might be smaller than other hotels but I liked it and the bar was nice.  The hotel is big and it took us awhile to get to our room everytime.  They accidently charged us for a day of Internet service, but it was immediatley taken off without any problem.  The constuction in the casino was loud somedays, but could not be heard upstairs in the room.I would stay again.
1	If you want an authentic NY, NY experience park your car here. I did and was robbed at gunpoint in the parking garage when I was going to leave. Doesn't get more authentic then that! When I got home I didn't leave my apartment for 2 weeks. Is that like post-traumatic stress? Yeah, I'm a wuss.That was eight years ago and I've only recently been back . . . to the casino, not the parking garage.PS - Watch out for white cars with 4 adolescent/early-20's men with black nylons pulled over their heads. They are NOT the hotel welcome wagon.
5	I stay in a lot of hotels and as far as hotels go, LOVED New York New York.  And i live in New York.  Let's just say the hotel staff is leaps and bounds away from typical New York service.  Can we say "Helpful!"?The room was the second tier room.  Not the cheapest, but certainly not expensive and it was flawlessly clean.  The bed was comfy and the room was really quiet except for the roller coaster which whizzed by about every five minutes.  "WHEEEEE!!!"   And the roller coaster didn't run too late in the evening.  The first day we snuck into Mandalay Bay's pool, but it was crowded and hot and yucky (and my friends weren't any more happy with their room (pubes in the shower)) so the second day we went to the New York New York pool and had a great experience.Will I be back?  Yelp better believe it!
4	New York, New York is one of the best casinos on the Strip, mainly due to its theming. While the inside of the casino is small, it makes up for this in its attention to detail--its microtheming of thematic elements like smoking manhole covers and the forced perspective used to create a Greenwich Village eating experience. If you hate theming, then avoid the NY-NY, or perhaps Vegas all together.
4	My review is not for the rooms @ NYNY. It is for the Casino floor and surrounding food area only! OMG - the attention to detail in this place is freaking awesome! They even have a unpaid parking meter and grafiti on the walls to bring the whole NYC experience down to Las Vegas - one city that never sleeps to another! We ate @ the Broadway Burger on Greenwich Village and I tell you, I am a fan for life. I am never going back to LV without having one of those 3.99 burgers. I would say - go inside NYNY once and have a look around - it might not be the hotel for you but the casino's interior decorator deserves a round of applause!
4	Good cheesy fun!  Decided this was a 'no' on a place to stay since we've been to NYC, why would we stay in a hotel dedicated to it?  But I must admit we had a lot of fun eating Brooklyn style pizza, taking pics with fake mermorablia and wishing Coyote Ugly was open to have good sleazy fun!  This place made my partner from NY miss home again.  Didn't do the rollercoaster b/c that was about a 3rd of the price as going to a Six Flags, and didn't look so fantastic.  Clean hotel, fun hostesses and all around good fun for a classic Vegas hotel!
4	Upgraded from Park Avenue room to Broadway Suite, for $15 a night. Worth every penny and more!What a room, not that fancy (compared to Wynn, at least) but WHAT A VIEW!!! Floor to ceiling windows all around the room, really amazing.And the other thing I just fell in love with was the VIP elevator, everyone else waiting in line to get into the "normal" elevator and us just cutting in line to use our own, score! Just 4-5 rooms per floor.... did I say S-C-O-R-E?!Love the location, walking distance to my fav hotel - MGM.And love the drinks at Coyote Ugly and the Beer at Pour 24.
4	We stayed here for one night last week and I would definitely stay again. We booked a cheap package that included an upgrade to a strip view, a few free drinks and a buy one get one free breakfast. Couldn't get the check in girl to upgrade us any extra but the room was close to the elevator, pretty & new looking and had a decent view of the strip. It wasn't amazing but for the price ($90) it was perfect.I give them extra stars for paying for our trip. Yes, we actually left with more money than we came with. The boyfriend kept coming back with black chips from the blackjack table and I was having a grand old time with the penny slots. First I won $75 on some insane bright flashing penny slot, then I won $200 on one right by the door. Yes, $200. On a $2 bet. Good times!We saw Zumanity while we were here too which was awesome though alot of the audience seemed really uncomfortable. Look, it's Vegas! Where else can you see hot naked flexible people!?! Anyway, it was one of the less expensive Cirques we've seen and I'd totally see it again.
1	This hotel does NOT do justice to NYC! It's quite ugly IMHO and doesn't come close to replicating the city I love which is also my home. The one * is for the awesome roller coaster ride! I LOVED IT although I almost peed in my panties! LOL!
4	I am really only writing this review for the Irish bar inside of New York, New York. I am surprised to be able to say that it really felt like an authentic Irish bar. Great live music, people doing their cute little Irish dance, and great decorations.We had a great time here.
4	I like this hotel even though it's damn cheesy. NYNY just has a ton of food choices for a quick bite during lunch. I love how their NY inspired food court really makes you feel like you're in Greenwich Village walking on a cobblestone path with trees lining the streets. Oh wait, you are. Rooms are clean and location is OK being near MGM. I can't really complain as it gave me a clean place to sleep, take a shower and put on my makeup. The room size was the typical 350/400ish sq. ft. but I really didn't care as I didn't really stay in the room. I didn't even utilize the tv.Typical (campy) tourist resort but I have no complaints. I'm a tourist on vacay and I like campy, cheesy things LOL.
2	i'm going to be a straight up bitch on this one.  I used to live in NY, hell i miss it sometimes, so when i had the chance to stay at NY NY this week for a business trip, i did in the hopes that i would be happy in one of my favorite places in the world, LAS VEGAS.But wait...2 stars...porque?THEY ARE DOING ALL KINDS OF FUCKING CONSTRUCTION!  WTF?  Tell me that shit before I book it.  Cheap assoles.  Their new glitzy club ROK isn't even open yet.  I could barely eat.  I had a shitty piece of pizza that wasn't close to a NY Slice.  And worst of all...they are doing most of the construction in the middle of the fucking casino!  NO SIC-BO.  I come to NYNY for the Sic-Bo, that shit is bonkers and still manageable when you are trashed.  Chinese Craps = Sic-Bo.  Look it up, its amazing and RARE in casino's due to it's "easy to play, easy to win" gameplay.  There used to be a lounge, but now that shit is gone.oh and hell, the "Times Square Bar & Grill" shithouse was a total bummer.  The mofo on the piano was definitely tone deaf and was murdering everything from Bon Jovi to Billy Joel.  I SUCK at singing and I could do better than that.I'm not done, i "splurged" for a massage and i got a bad back rub...i hinted "you can do it a little harder" and nothing.  It wasn't cheap either.  The lady was just not happy with her job and talked to me about how the economy is bad in Vegas right now and she is barely squeaking by....awkward, sob stories during massages equals NO RELAXATION.  The only good thing about the Spa experience was their eucalyptus sauna room but that got old quick because...it's a fucking sauna...180 degrees and you are suppossed to sit in there and chill.  I lasted 3 minutes max, then i wanted to stop sweating.The room was "meh" for sure...VERY NY (aka tiny as shit).  Whatever, i'm a hater, i expect more from MGM-Mirage, i thought NYNY was one of the "nicer" places on the strip.  OH and i hate kids at Casinos...total bummer.  I just realized that, when i'm enjoying a vice (CRAPS) the last thing i need is some little squirt in a bathing suit yelling at his mother.  If i crap out when that happens i think he deserves a smack.  Respect the game little one.I will take this review down if by the time i return the construction is done.  If not then I will probably update it with more hatred.Until then, i hear Mandalay Bay is nice?
5	No rating on the hotel rooms here, just the casino area...I love NY NY's casino, the dealers are always super friendly and helpful, if you sit at a table and don't know the game, they'll explain anything and everything to you.  Also, when I drunkenly explained the table that I was looking for (I told where it used to be located and what the game consisted of) the dealer was helpful in telling me what game it was, where it was, why it was gone and similar games that I might like to try instead...Great people, tons of resaurants to choose from with cool themes, the NY  Pretzel hotdogs are so good, I always get like 3 and take them back to my hotel room and then when I wake up hungover, I'm a tad bit more happy.Skip Zumanity, just make the trip to Monte Carlo or MGM for a Cirque show.
4	I admit it, I am a fan!  The rooms are clean and importantly, the beds and linens are comfy.  The casino is a great place to hang out, nice high ceilings so it's not claustrophobic and the music is good.  Also, the food court has some good stuff that's not too overpriced.  In particular, the bakery is crazy-good.  We go out of our way, from OTHER HOTELS that we're staying in, to get those pastries and have them in our room for breakfast in bed.  Yes, I am one of those people who needs coffee as soon as I open my eyes, so yes, I pack a small coffee maker and take it with me whenever we go to Vegas, which is 2-3 times a year.  I especially like to stay at NY-NY during the winter months as the pool area and pool are dismal.  Seriously - dismal.  I much prefer a hotel with a kick-ass pool area for the warmer months.  But NY-NY is a fun place with decent rooms and a nice casino.  IF ONLY PEOPLE WOULD STOP BRINGING THEIR CHILDREN!  I love kids, I have kids, but people need to understand this, Las Vegas is the wrong place for them!  This is Sin City, for God's sake!  Take your kids to Disneyland, take them to the Grand Canyon, take them anywhere but Vegas!  Never a problem with check-in, even if we arrive early.  Never a problem with check-out, even when we leave late.  Can't say anything about room rates as we have literally never once paid for our room!  And seriously, we are not huge gamblers!  I don't understand, but hey, not going to argue!  In conclusion, not my favorite hotel in Las Vegas, but a nice place with nice linens and great pastries!
4	The best part of the hotel/casino was that it was spacious and didn't smell like "casino" at all (e.g. stale smoke).  The ceilings were high, and there was plenty of room between games.  Probably the best casino and layout I saw there.There was also a very impressive beer stand in one of the halls - it had a vast array of beers - I got a passion fruit one from Hawaii.  And it was lovely.The hotel / casino also had an arcade, where I played a few games of Skeeball and was fortunate enough to win a plastic bracelet and body glitter that I can't believe made it back to Chicago with me.
2	My girlfriends and I stayed at this hotel at the end of May.  We booked two rooms - one was an upgraded room.  The front desk agent was nice enough to upgrade the other room for free at check-in so that we could be on the same floor.  The staff were all pretty nice and the rooms were decent.  So why the 2 star rating?  Throughout the entire stay, everytime we walked through the halls it literally smelled like shit!  Also, we purchased tickets to Zumanity and had planned to watch the show on our last night.  Just our luck, the A/C was not working throughout the entire ground level of the hotel and they ended up cancelling the show. I guess it was just bad luck but next time I'd stay somewhere else.
4	4 STARS FOR THE ROLLERCOASTER. I haven't stayed in the hotel so this review is directed towards that awsome ride.So the first time I went on this I loved it, its like a rush of excitement & energy throughout the whole experience. After it ended I went back on it a few more times because I loved itso much. Def. worth going on while your in vegas. (esp. if your under 21 'cause there's not much to do)
4	My wife is some kind of penny and nickel slots high roller at NYNY...so much so that they send her offers for two free nights every once in a while.  I on the other hand get zilcho for my table game play.  It must be her knack for putting in $20 and extracting $10-$100 on almost every machine that she plays.  I've never seen anything like it.  She booked a stay for Thursday thru Saturday this past weekend for a nice getaway.  To my surprise we got a Park Avenue room, which is a notch above their regular rooms.  The difference in rooms was great.  The room was huge (well much larger than a standard room) with modern decor and furnishings.  If I had to guess I would say that the room had been recently remodeled, because it was in great shape.  I had never really wandered around NYNY.  My preference is the MGM across the bridge, but the wife likes the slots better at NYNY because there are more penny and nickel machines.  To my surprise, I really liked the selection of food choices.  If you only had $5 you might starve to death at any of the other casinos on the strip.  At NYNY you can get a lot of different items for that price.  The pizza place must be good because there was almost always a line out the door when I walked by.Nice casino.  Not huge like at the MGM.  They have three different versions of Pai Gow...the drinking man's game.  I played for some 3 hours on Thursday night with some great guys from Northern Canada "next to Alaska".  We opted for the non-fortune bet game with the dragon.  Oh how the dragon can be kind to one moment and bite you on the ass the next.  I foolishly tried to run drink for drink with the cold weather inclined Canadians.  Man could they drink...They also have a roller coaster on the property that we meant to ride, but somehow forgot about it.  Next time...They are tearing up the center of the casino to put in something new.  That means in the middle of the day, there are multiple jack hammers pounding away on the concrete to bust it up.  That drove me to venture out of the hotel during the day.  That shit was loud.
5	I love the suites.  Fab place.  The restaurants are great.  The roller coaster is awesome.  So much fun.  We always stay here.  Great treatment always.
3	This place is okay. The room we stayed was small but it's fun to see jet coaster going around the hotel. I liked "Chin Chin Cafe" and their Chicken Salad is good. That's about it...
3	Like New York City, the traffic flow through this place is atrocious.....partially due to construction and partially due to the people inside.  Smokey and dark, I can't say I particularly liked anything about NYNY aside from the ESPNZone where I grabbed a soda and watched Sportscenter.Affordable but a tad far from the Strip, you'd think they could've recruited one of the high end NYC eateries like Le Cirque, B+B, Payard, Il Mulino, or others to come in here and improve the dining scene.  No Juniors is another huge miss.  A David Chang Vegas franchise could definitely elevated NYNY.
3	As a New Yorker, it is nice to see the Brooklyn Bridge and the Statue of Liberty in the middle of the desert, when I visit Sin City.While I never stayed in a room here, I have frequented this casino's floor, and played at the many great slot machines, card games and roulette tables.Also at this hotel is Nine Fine Irishmen, which imports the black gold (aka Guinness) daily for the patrons to enjoy. Also on the top floor is the "Manhattan Express" roller coaster and arcade. I was a tad tipsy on one of my Vegas trips, and a friend and I wound up on the coaster. We sat in the front row and away we went looping around the hotel's facade.Friends that stayed here said they enjoyed the rooms. So check it out, and if you get a good enough deal go for it. It is located right by the monstrous MGM Grand and badly out of date Excalibur.
3	As much as I heart New York City - this hotel just didn't do THAT much justice to the city. Sure, it has a broadway, a pizza joint, and a roller coaster coasting through the amazing skyline that they've created - but it just feels like everything is moving in slow motion at this hotel. NYC is about being fast, on the go, and trendy.... and well, NY NY - not so much. Located further down the strip away from the hustling and bustling hotels, NY NY offers a quiet convenience... Close to the Coca-Cola store and the M&M Shop - NY NY would be a good place to stay if you were going to Vegas avec familia.
4	I really like this hotel.  SO much more than the Las Vegas Hilton which I was staying at earlier in the week.  I see that many of the reviews complain about the hotel not living up to the city of new york.  And all I can say is DUH!  It's a THEME for crying out loud.  :) Do you expect to feel like you're on a pirate ship when you're at Treasure Island, or like you're in ancient Egypt when you're at Luxor?  They did put a lot of effort into detail though..  You do get that "gritty, hardcore" new york feeling to a much larger degree than anywhere else on the strip.....despite the fact that a large percentage of the people here are weekender transplants from LA.  What I find funniest of all is that the most "new yorkish" thing of all is the lines that you'll run across in the food establishments in the "village".  The lines are all VERY slow moving and long...just like new york.   I swear, they must've went to new york to hire these people too... because most of them seem to have everything from the accent to the look of typical new yorkers.  The room - The room is a pretty standard room.  You get what you pay for.  You're not going to get the posh opulence of the Bellagio....but it won't be a bargain basement slummy place like Hooters.  I did have a problem with a safety pin being on the floor upon my arrival.  (Must've been missed by the cleaning people, I almost stepped on it barefoot.. ouch), and one morning there was a problem with water temperature.  (Might have been a fluke as it was better later on in the evening, and the following morning).  Other than that, I have no problems at all with the room. It's a nice middle of the road hotel.  For 10bucks a night they upgraded me to a strip view, which has an excellent view!  The location is in a perfect spot on the strip.  It's within easy walking distance to the heart of it all.  Also, you're just a hop away from both the Monorail AND the Mandalay Tram.  There's a pharmacy within easy walking distance if you want to pick up essentials like mouthwash, bottled water, (condoms) etc...without paying the overpriced strip prices.  Highly recommended if you want to stay in a decent vegas location and room...while at the same time..saving money for vegas's other fun activities.
2	The NYNY is a very nice hotel conveniently situated on the four corners of the south end of the strip.  Easy access to MGM and Excalibur.  The rooms were clean and tastefully decorated.  With that being said, the casino was quite small in comparison to the other hotels on the strip.  The restaurants seemed uninteresting, and the hotel lacked any draw for me.  It seemed that we barely spent any time in the hotel and instead opted to walk to the other hotels nearby.  Next time i think we'll just stay at one of the other hotels instead of walking to them all the time.  The NYNY was nice, but i think there are so many better options for the same price, that i probably won't stay there again.
1	Smoke EVERYWHERE in the Casino, boooo!
2	Okay, just who the hell absconded with all New York New York's charm?  And for the love of God, WHY?Where are the trees, the street lamps, THE LITTLE BABBLING BROOK?  This used to be one of my very favorite casinos!Now there are 4-count-them-4 VP machines with decent pay tables, 2 have blurry screens and 2 have the jiggles.  WTF!?The decor has become boring, boring, boring.If I wanted to hang out at P-HO, I'd schlep my ass over there.
3	New York New York is a fairly cool casino. Unlike the MGM, they're much smaller, but offer way cooler stuff. Their clubs are fairly bunk, but the roller coaster is one of the best ideas in Vegas. I think I rode the thing like six times or something.Their restaurants are top-notch offering some of the finest international cuisine around. Why is Italian so much better in Nevada?They have a few sports bars and plenty of good gambling. I found that the place was a tad livelier than the Grand next door, with more youth and less oldies.
1	Oh my god, people still stay here?  What hobos? Traveling circus folk?  How could you book this place.
3	stayed here with my bf from thanksgiving day till 11/30/08. we booked the broadway room with king bed, through tripresv.com i think. and we got a free night off. we paid $316 total. so we got there like at 11pm thanksgiving night. the check in line was short. the girl at the desk said that they didnt have the room that we wanted. but they had a 2 queen bed non smoking and a king bed room smoking. we dont smoke so we got the 2 queen bed. but we did tell her to get us a king bed room for the next day she said ok. so we went up to the room and it  smelled like smoke inside. the room though was pretty big. 2 beds, a mp3 ipod radio/clock, a big dresser(with light inside when you open the door, it had 4 drawers and places to hang clothes oh the iron and ironing board) and big tv stand with drawers. it also had a table, 2 chairs, like 2 floor lamps, a seat that looked like a high heel in leopard print, a small blue chair, the bathroom had a dryer, a moveable mirror, big tub with a glass sliding door and granite sink, the soap provided was made out of bamboo. the water in the tub took a while to go down. we tried sleeping in one bed but was not possible so we each slept in one bed. so the second day we went down to the check in area and asked for a king bed room. we did get it after a lady went "to the back" for a while.  this room was in the 24th floor. the room did not smell at all. it was a decent size, smaller than the other room. it had the same stuff as the other room. oh yeah the maid came into our room twice....once each day in the morning. like at 9am we were still in bed. but dude i did not like that!  i guess that i should have locked the door, or put that do not disturb thing. as for the casino...this place was not happening. it was a lil bit empty. i tried to get a beer at a bar while playing video poker but when i ordered it i was told sorry because i have to put more money into the machine i was pretty p'od! so i was like well then dont bring me anything, thanks. and i cashed out. never did i play again at this place. as for food the only place that i at was the pizza place in the village that was good. there is construction in the middle of the casino but its boarded up so i dont know what was there but it had ROK vegas ads i guess thats the new club idk. ps this casino is really confusing!!! i got lost a lot of times!i wouls stay here again because i liked the rooms.
3	I can't pass up the Manhattan Express Roller Coaster whenever I'm in Vegas.  It's always on the short list of things to do.  NYNY is also pretty spectacular to view from across the street, and you can't resist going inside to check it out.Last time I stopped by there was some significant remodeling going on in the middle of the casino floor that caused some inconvenience in maneuvering around.  I made an attempt to gain access to the Coyote Ugly bar/club one Wednesday or Thursday night but the line was backed up way, way out the door.  I'd like to stay here at least once if a decent room rate was offered.   Maybe that'll happen next year.
2	I am sorry... this is my Paris Eiffel review as well....Utter Ambivalence, but this place is pretty bad regardless with it's strip malls and lousy casino.One side:  fun & cute replica that is sort of fun.Second side:  Baudrillard's Simulacram.  People actually come to this place, see this thing, and *actually* believe, in a repitlian part of their mind, they have been there.  This is a long conversation of fun yet esoteric nonsense.  Still... I can't get it out of my mind.
5	J'adore this casino.Every trip to Vegas requires a trip here. The casino floor is just big enough to have room for everyone (except on the busiest of nights in Vegas). The location is perfect with cheaper casinos within easy striking distance.The rooms are just fine. Nothing overly special - just clean which is all I really want out of a room.The pool sucks, yes, but I never go to Vegas for the pools. The rest, however, is perfection.
4	I stayed in this hotel for a birthday trip with my husband and two of our friends.  We got the room through a deal online, so we got a much cheaper price than normal.  That made up for the location of the hotel.  It is a far walk to anything, which I already knew, but it was not fun hiking down the strip at midnight in high heels.  The rooms were clean which is most important to me.  It was a decent size room as compared to most hotels and while it was sparsely decorated, I appreciated that it was not over the top with the New York theme.  The casino floor is nice, but small.  It never seemed overly busy to me and I liked that it was less insane than some other places.  We felt free to play slots and not have to listen to drunk people screaming at the blackjack tables.  The staff was friendly as well.  I used the gym twice during my visit and was happy to find more than your standard two treadmills and an exercise ball.  They had four or five treadmills, several elliptical machines, and all kinds of weight equipment.  Free water, fruit and towels were also available.  The roller coaster is fun, but watch your neck.  This coaster is not what I would describe as a smooth ride.  Still cool though.  The New York theme is not as over the top as some other Vegas hotels, but it is done tastefully enough.  Overall, this was a good experience and I would stay here again.
3	I would say i went to Las Vegas more than 10 times already, not because i like casino but my grandma love playing slot machine, so when she come visit me here in the state, i'd like to please her by taking her there, and every time i visit the city that has never been sleep, i'd like to stay in different hotels. This time we went on Last X'Mas and stayed at NY. NY. in century side, the room was just FINE, nothing is special. But the restaurants are top-notch offering some of the finest international cuisine around which i really like to try something different. Also there are some sport bars here so while i drop my grandma playing her favorite machine so i can grab some drinks.
2	I'm afraid this place has gotten rather long in the tooth. There are better places to stay for the same rates. I got the sense that New York New York has been a little neglected. It's nothing that can't be fixed with a nice remodel but I wasn't impressed. My room was on the small side, which isn't a big deal because I didn't spend much time there. I was mainly there to sleep but little things left me with the sense that there was some wear and tear that needs to be fixed. First off, my bed was sagging a little in the middle. Not to mention the sheets and towels seemed a bit worn. In the bathroom, there was a large scratch on the mirror that didn't obstruck the view but just left me with a sense that I was in a second class hotel. Also one of the curtain rods was broken in half.When I was sleeping, I could hear folks in the hallway which isn't a big deal but it added to the impression that I could have done better.
4	You gotta come here and find a table Tai Son (pronounced Tyson) is working at. He usually works at the Sicbo table, Big 6 (Money Wheel), or the Chuck A Luck table. The nicest and funniest dealer you'll meet. When he takes your money, it doesn't feel that bad because he keeps your spirits up.I first encountered the man on a trip in May 2008. Clarisse C. and I went back a few days ago and was hoping to see him again. Not only did we find him, he remembered us! Remember the name Tai Son!
1	Probably won't stay in the hotel again.We stayed on the sixth floor.  There was a really loud annoying sound going on all night.  It sounded like the rollercoaster, but the rollercoaster doesn't run all night, so I have no idea what the heck it was.  Nobody else in our party had this problem.  They all stayed quite a ways up from us.  It was so loud our friends could hear it when we were on the phone with them.We had a king size bed and our hotel room totally sucked as far as size.  It was the most cramped room I've ever been in.  You open the door and there's your bed!  The bathroom was larger than our room.  I recommend going for a two queen bed room, as your room will be bigger for the same price.  We were tripping over our stuff in the middle of the night.  Otherwise the furnishings are nice and the hotel room was clean.On the outside, I'm wondering if there is supposed to be water around this place?  We were standing on the bridge to the Paris and noticed a bunch of pipes in a concrete thing under us.  Didn't look very attractive.  Perhaps there were budget cuts.If you go on the rollercoaster, be aware that you can't take purses, cell phones, or any loose items with you.  They make you rent a stupid locker for that for something like fifty cents or you have to give your stuff to someone who doesn't want to ride the rollercoaster.
4	In comparison to all the hotels on this end of the Strip, New York New York is one of the nicer ones despite of its cheesy theme. There is also a lot of stuff going on. There are tons of restaurants and bars. It is also kid friendly because it has an arcade and a roller coaster.The last room I stayed at had windows on two walls. So I saw a view of south of Las Vegas Blvd. and a view of MGM. Pretty darn cool. The room decoration was nice. The beds were still comfy. The bathroom was obviously a little bit older than everything else in the room, but it was super clean and had fresh new towels.I would recommend anyone to stay at New York New York. I guarantee you will have a pleasant experience.
3	Won back $65 at the $10 blackjack table in this casino the next day.WOO HOO.
4	New York New York was the best price for a room.  Since I was in the nasty-wasty Excalibur last time, I bit.I was upgraded for no additional charge, and wound up in quite a lovely remodeled room on the 23rd floor with a view of the top of the roller coaster hill, the entrance to the Monte Carlo next door, and the mountains in the distance.Another person in my party stayed in a smaller room on the 19th floor, which appeared not to have been recently remodeled.  Still, it was a nice room.My room's floor-to-ceiling, wall-to-wall windows really made it a treat to sit in one of the two cozy armchairs, which we turned around to face out the window.I called in a late checkout, which for New York New York, was at 12:00 noon.  At first I was a little miffed but then I discovered that the bell desk will store your bags for you all day free of charge.  I felt like a big shot when I tipped the bellhop $5.00, and had no problem recovering the bags at 4:00 pm on the way to the airport.  All in all, a solid 4-star experience.
3	I come here to ride the rollercoaster and play the arcade games when I am in Las Vegas.  They do a good job of capturing the New York atmosphere, right down to hiring a lot of people who are apparently from New York or very good at faking the accent.  The coaster itself is a lot of fun, especially if you like vintage-feeling bumpy coasters (it feels like a wooden coaster) as opposed to super smooth rides.   Getting on the coaster is not as much fun as actually riding it because you have to rent a locker for all your stuff.  You can't just leave your glasses or cell phone or whatever on a shelf when you get on and grab it when you get off - You need to rent the locker.  Since you have to walk quite a long distance to get to the coaster after you put your stuff in the locker, it's a bit of a hassle especially if you left your glasses and can't see without them.  Also if you want to ride twice they make you go out and come in again even when there is no line.   Finally, when you leave you have to go out through a very overcrowded souvenir shop.  I like the arcade game room and again it does a pretty good job of capturing a New York amusement park vibe.  It tends to be way full of kids though since they have to have something to do other than the casino and this is one of the only options available. You have to walk what seems to be a super long distance through the casino to get to any of this fun stuff, which is a pain.  The casino itself seems overcrowded and a bit grubby and noisy, which puts me off from actually renting a room at this establishment.
5	Didn't stay here.  Ate at the steakhouse.  Fabulous prime rib.  Good cut.  Great flavor.  Good service.
3	I haven't seen the rooms but...- The lobby is designed to look like Central Park- The New York street re-creations are very cool- Zumanity is a great show!- This hotel feels a bit like Disneyland- I lost money on the gambling tables...- I luckily did not lose my lunch on the roller coaster but I was not so impressed with it either...
3	This review is based on their arcade/carnival that they have upstairs.  They have a decent selection of video and arcade games near the roller coaster.  Nice alternative to gambling downstairs
3	Las Vegas is not my city of choice for vacation.  It is expensive, hot, and smokey.  Three things I do not like and try to avoid.  If given the choice between vacation in Las Vegas and no vacation, I would most likely choose no vacation and just take those vacation days as an opportunity to do some laundry.  Thrilling, I know. On to New York, New York.  If forced to take a vacation to Las Vegas, I could stay here and never leave and feel completely okay about that.  I have stayed here twice.  The rooms are standard hotel rooms but just steps away are some really cool time consuming activities. Okay, these things are technically a lot of steps away since Vegas hotels are built all maze-y and confusing to keep people stuck inside to spend more money.Coyote Ugly is fun in a "I saw the movie and can totally do that" sort of way.  I love any place that actually encourages my friends and I to dance on their bar.  The dueling piano bar is great if you are there will a smaller group and want to laugh your booty off.  Get there early if you want to find a seat and be ready to spend a large portion of your evening there. They have a roller coaster on top. I don't like roller coasters but I have heard from friends that it is an adventure. Regardless of which activity you decide to partake in, I highly recommend enjoying drinks in your hotel room beforehand...except maybe the roller coaster.
2	I've never stayed here but I have lost money here. A good deal of money and for that I hate this place. I am only reviewing the roller coaster. It kicks ass. I mean, goddamn, this isnt Knotts Berry Farm or Magic Mountain, its a feakin hotel, but that roller coaster was a welcome experience after losing a couple c-notes and drinking watered down cocktails.
4	I loved the New York-New York Hotel & Casino.I didn't stay here, didn't gamble here, didn't see a show here, and didn't ride the rollercoaster. I did eat here once, at Gallagher's Steakhouse.  And I walked through it a bunch, as I stayed at The Excaliber, and NY-NY was kind of a gateway to the rest of the strip.  But mostly, it was my second favorite casino - Paris was my favorite - and if I had to choose only one casino to remain in Vegas, it would have been NY-NY.This is because Las Vegas is a strange, frightening place. I grew up in the suburbs of NYC and have lived in Philly and the suburbs of Philly. I'm an east coast lad.And Vegas is NOT the east coast, in big and small ways.  It's a different color! It's all pink and yellow and red... and there are no trees, except palm trees (which make no sense in 35deg Vegas February weather), and it's flat everywhere, but then there are these mountains rising in the distance... the buildings are low and the city just... stops.  You can walk 10 minutes away from the strip and find motels and fast food and a whole lot of... nothing.  No traffic, no apartments... open, undeveloped space.  Where do the people that work in that city live?  It baffles me.  Try walking in any direction when you're in Center City, Philly or Times Square, NY... are you going to find undeveloped lots or lazy motels?Vegas is truly the city that doesn't sleep, with old women sitting at slots at 4 in the morning.  Smoking appears to be allowed everywhere, and Hispanics in hoodies line up in rows along the sidewalk trying to get you to take cards advertising prostitutes by snapping them back and forth, as if you'd say no to 10 in a row and then yes to the 11th.  Everything is a mockup of somewhere else, a city that doesn't have its own soul so it borrows and exaggerates on everything else it sees.  Then it bedazzles it, adds a light show, and charges twice as much.Ok, getting off track.  Basically... when I was outside, and I looked over at the NY-NY... it felt a little like home.  and when I was overwhelmed by the smoke and the flashing lights and the hooker cards... it was a good feeling.  And when I went inside the casino... that fake version of NYC felt more real than any other place I went in Vegas.Less melodramatically... I liked the casinos who stayed true to their themes.  Luxor is a giant pyramid with a sphinx outside, but inside, it's just a sleek black and gold colored casino.  And it's the same with most of them.  But the city themed ones, Paris and NY, they took it to heart.  The stores and restaurants a mocked up to make you feel like you're on streets outside, the foods and gifts stay true to the theme as well.  Outside and inside, they're dedicated to the conceit.  And I liked that a lot.So I can't tell you about the rooms or the tables or the rides, but I can tell you I was happy NY-NY was right in Sin City, and if you're an east coast adventurer looking for a feel of home, this caricature of it might be able to get you through.
4	This is one of my favorite casinos to gamble in (not that I gamble much anyways).  The gambling floor is huge, and the cielings are tall.  It's a good way to keep me feeling great while losing my money.
4	They've got a new circular bar in the center of the casino that plays awesome...AWESOME...music.  The table games are now set up to radiate out from that bar.  Love it. Blackjack paid.  Pai Gow paid.  The Penny slots paid.  Nice.Shockingly, when we visited a few weekends ago the joint was pretty full...and the MGM was shoulder to shoulder.
2	Thank goodness for GREAT deals for Vegas! Hubby received a promotional code for $49 per night stay here and couldn't resist so off we went. We stayed here once before but I don't recall the experience but this time around, I will definitely remember it since I am also yelping about it.Yea, I don't think I'll be staying here again unless it is for free. The rooms have NO insulation to block out any noises. I mean ANY noises!  I was woken up at 1:30 am to a moaning neighbor...(yes, pretty gross). The number one thing I hate, when I am in my REM sleep! I mean what if I had a family with kids...that would be horrid! The walls in the rooms are so thin, you can hear every word in conversation if people were not whispering, you can hear water running, like everyone was in the same room.Besides the thin walls, I don't know how well they clean. I won't go into details but I saw some left over stain on the bathroom walls ( I will let your imagination roll with this). If I think about it too much, I think I'll throw up. =PI have stayed in other hotels with better insulation; maybe NY NY needs to do a make over!?
3	My girlfriend (at the time) wanted to stay at NYNY, so I booked. The price was pretty decent for the strip (100/nt). The rooms were ok, neat, clean but my GF kept complaining about the beds being uncomfortable.There are a lot of cheap food choices here, but my fav was 9 Fine Irishmen. Irish pub with decent food, good beers, and excellent service. The waitresses' uniforms did not hurt either. Ben & Jerry's was convenient and great as always. Il Fornaio and America were decent, but better food could be had by walking to MGM or Monte Carlo. The only breakfast buffet was at Chin Chin, with an Asian twist.NYNY was all over location. It's centered in the south strip, across the street from MGM and next door to Monte Carlo. Excalibur is across the street, but I only used it to pass through to Luxor and Mandalay Bay.Next time I will definitely skip the spa services at NYNY. Their spa is small and overpriced for the amenities. Also, the guy on the men's side was kind of rude.
4	Alright! New York- New York has got to be one of the most beautiful yet simplistic hotels on the strip. As soon as you walk in it's an inviting setting. While I didn't stay there the hotel sold itself quite well. The casino was very well organized and it was easy to get through. They also had a kids area that I must admit was quite fun! The roller coaster there was A LOT of fun and is definitely worth the $14 a person ticket. Although be prepared to hold your head very stiff because it will shake a lot if you don't. It is very worth it though. Definitely something to go on when in Vegas!
4	I'm gonna give New York New York 4 stars, where I would normally rate a large Vegas Hotel of any type at 3 stars max (due to prices)...    And the reason this gets 4 stars is due to the fact that their roller coaster was so rough, violent and scary that it pretty much frightened the living son of Jesus out of my brother and I.   My brother and I are veterans of some of the most notorious roller coasters in the US.   And upon walking by New York New York, and hearing the screams of the people riding, we thought it looked "cute".   We noticed the signs warning people with heart conditions, etc., not to ride it and just thought "Yeah, yeah yeah, whatever, bring it on."  I can tell you why the people were screaming.   I know now...    It's because they were terrified of dieing!     This coaster shakes more than any I have ever rode in my life, and from an engineering point of view, when riding, I was 100% certain that the wheels were going to break and we were going to be killed.   I was totally sure of that.   In fact my brother says that I screamed "I want off this ****** NOW!!!!".    I don't recall that, but once you're on it, there ain't no one to listen to your demand that it stop.....     :)After that ride, our parents were laughing and said that we looked "pale".    So we rode it again.    After the second ride my brother could not stop laughing as I had "slobber" all over my shirt.   I don't recall "slobbering" but sure enough I was covered in slime.     Those two rides are all I care for on this roller coaster.   I won't do it again.    But I highly suggest it for anyone that wants to get to know their own religious beliefs a little bit better, quite fast.
4	New York New York is a cool hotel/casino for not being in the  middle of the strip. Our room was super nice and reasonably priced. I appreciate the overall air filtering, customer service, and cleanliness of the place. The pool and jacuzzis were fine and inside, there are places to eat EVERYWHERE. I went to the spa last year and that was lovely.Their 2 major clubs, Rok and Coyote Ugly are complete jokes. Didn't wanna stand in line forever for Rok to have my bf pay for himself to get in. We got into Coyote Ugly for free but left after 2mins bc the "host" was so loud an obnoxious and there really wasn't anything to do at that point - not even get a drink!The bf and I have been wanting to ride the coaster for a while - and we finally did. Verdict: Never again! It was just painful and not smooth at all. Not worth the $14 ticket. If you want a good coaster, go to Speed at the Sahara.Overall this was good place to stay at - it's manageable and there's plenty to do.
4	Great hotel!!!!!..If you get a chance to see a show pick Zumanity it awesome!!!!!.  The waitress kept the drinks coming and I kept hittig.. We ate at the america  restaurant and the food was very good.. My next visit is in august and I'm coming back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
3	Just got back from vegas and wanted to yelp my experience.  New york New york was ok.  It was comfortable however I expected a little more because this hotel if fairly new if compared to excalibur or circus circus.  The housekeepers were friendly and called everyday to make sure we didnt want our room to be cleaned.  The casino itself was fun too.  My bf got addicted to a Monopoly slot and I got addicted to a slingO slot machine.  We liked how the hotel was connected to MGM and excalibur.  This made is easy to from hotel to hotel without bumping into the crowd.  Overall, an ok stay.....Heres a tip, in the walkway between NY NY and MGM there is a coyote ugly bar......grab one of those drinks for 18 dollars or so and get refills through out your trip for only 9 dollars.  it was a great deal....and yummy.
3	i know its corny, but living in nyc i really wanted to check out this casino/hotel.the replicated ny streets are fun to walk through, and the outside facade very well done (in a super tacky/awesome vegas way).that said, i prefer my neon fanny-packs to be on hipsters - and not fatties from nebraska.
4	I've stayed here a few times now and I really enjoy the scene at this place. Its a place for the younger crowd to hang out in. The casino is clean and staff is really cool. Won big at this place. Had great killer margaritas and food was delicious.The rooms both times I stayed here had great views! Love this place.
4	Stayed here for my 30th birthday.  Rooms were nice, room service was quick and generally everyone was friendly and helpful.  This hotel also has a nice mix of high end, moderate and inexpensive places to eat and drink.  Pool was a little lackluster and small for a hotel of this size.
4	150 yards.  We'll come back to that.I liked NYNY better than I thought I would.  Having been to NYC a bunch I wasn't sure how I would receive this simulacrum.As a hotel/casino it is a pretty good base.  There is no shortage of food, gambling and people watching.  I got a double upgrade from the room I reserved for some reason.  It could be because I "chat people up".  It's a good skill.  Could also be because they had low occupancy and want to woo me back.  No, sure it was purely as a result of my charm and wit.So the room was nicely appointed.  Tasteful and modern decor.  I got a corner room with a ridiculous amount of windows all along two walls.  Nice view of the strip to the south, mountains to the west and a roller coaster zooming by.  NYNY has some odd layouts, probably as a result of the effort to resemble the Manhattan skyline.  I think this leads to unusual things like this:  my room had two large pillars, one near the doorway, the other toward the outside corner.  These pillars created dead space that could easily hide several people.  Hmm.  I am not a paranoid traveler but I am an aware traveler.  So I had to peer behind these pillars whenever I returned to the room to mentally check off - yes, I did make sure no one was back there.The bed was comfy and firm but the sheets felt slightly plasticized.  They felt a little funny and crinkled oddly when I moved.  What exactly were they expecting to happen in this bed anyway?  150 yards.  Remember the odd layout?  From the elevator to my door was 150 yards.  150 paces and my pace is just over 3 feet.  And there were rooms farther than mine.  I expected there must be another elevator at the other end but no.  And the hallway takes many turns.  The first time I left the room and headed for the elevator I thought I must have passed it already.Overall, I would stay here again for sure.  Hopefully I can "chat them up" for an upgrade or two again!
3	My first time in Vegas, stayed here with a bunch of my buddies for my bachelor party. We got three rooms total, all three were double queen beds. We also asked for roll-away cots in each room too and they gave them to us with no problem.... so we had a pretty comfortable stay.We did most of our gambling at other casinos just because the table minimums were a little higher than we wanted to spend. The inside of the casino though is unique compared to some of the others, which I liked.  Food wise-we ate at the Italian place one evening, had some late-night pizza one other night, and ate at the American place for some late night pancakes another night. All was pretty good.  The location is pretty centralized which was good, allowed us to go to either end of the strip easily.  I think though that we spent most of our time across the street at the MGM though, and while gambling at some of the hotels at the ends of the strip. All in all, if I were considering for only the hotel rooms and sleeping arrangements I would rate a 4 (maybe even a 5). But, I think given the sort of higher table prices and comparing some of the other amenities to the other nearby hotels I will give it a little bit of a cut (and round down).
2	This hotel might be great at the price point being offered today, but my experience is based on a visit prior to the economic downturn that is currently taking place.The only real advice I can provide that hasn't been covered in other reviews is that I wouldn't stay in the Zanzabar suite or anything in that stack of rooms.  If you look at the NYNY Hotel from the outside, you will see that there are several "buildings" that make up the rooms of the hotel.  For the Zanzabar Suite (and certainly some other room types) the exterior is green glass. In theory, it sounds nice, but after a few hours in the green glow, I was ready to leave.  It did not provide a good feeling.  Sound strange?  Check it out for yourself.  I have spoken to others who experienced the same thing.As for the hotel and the amenities, I don't really know what to say.  I don't understand who NYNY is trying to target.  They have magnet stands and Nathan's Famous hot dogs for sale when you walk in, a roller coaster and arcade for kids, and a themed restaurant row.  However, it is all wrapped around a casino that is for adults.  Didn't Vegas give up on the "kid friendly" thing in the 90's?  Time to renovate?  I think they did...oh well.I can tell you that the worst massage I have ever received came from the spa in this hotel back in 1999.  I can also tell you that the pool is in a terrible location where most of the sunlight is blocked by the towers of hotel rooms.On a lighter note, I once saw a guy in the NYNY casino win a small jackpot on the Wheel of Fortune machine.  The next day when I walked by the same machine, he was still sitting there.  I asked him how things were going and he said that the machine was still paying out.  He was smiling ear-to-ear.  The day after that when I walked by, the entire bank of machines had been removed from the casino.  I have no further information to share so you will have to decide how much of that is good vs. bad.
4	My husband and I are heading back to this place in a few weeks.  We love it here. We stayed here for the first time last month and got a wonderful upgrade to a spa-room.  It was great.  The bar in the middle of the casino is fun (the late night drunks are so much fun to watch).  The service there by most was just wonderful.  The only reason it didn't get 5 starts is because we had a blackjack dealer we thought had swine flu and kept flipping over the cards and was horrible!!  Also, we didn't win a thing here. But he did have fun at the poker games at the bar.
4	Loved the hotel. Loved the staff. Loved the room. Loved our view. Loved the late night American restaurant. Loved the location.Hated the smoking in the casino as I walked through. Hated the soliciting in front of the hotel by the time share people. Hated the prices of using the services of the business center.
4	Recently I have upped my star count to 5 stars, but for the sake of this review I thought I could reserve one star for myself. I thought that hotel was nice and our experience was enjoyable but, I wasn't too pleased with the rooms themselves. Being a hotel connoisseur I pride myself on being knowledgeable about what is acceptable in a hotel and what is not acceptable. For example, nice beds rank very high for me. A nice bed is defined as a bed that is cushy, not a bed that feels like its been a hotel bed for 100 years. New York New York beds were a little rough on the back and for me, someone who likes a softer mattress left some kinks in my neck each morning. The room service was very nice and I was happy to notice the opportunity to order whatever we wanted from the menu. We were very lucky when it came down to the front desk because we asked for a better room from our first room and they obliged. Interestingly, we went through 2 rooms before we found one that was perfect. We finally found a room that offered a strip view, king size bed and a little living room area. My fiance was there for 2 days previous to me and he was enjoying a conference for his work. They closed down the Brooklyn Bridge for a welcoming afternoon of open bar and appetizers. They also chose to close down the streets of New York for another banquet during the conference. All in all, New York New York did an excellent job of ensuring that our needs were met, despite the lack of decent bedding and provided a provocative format that would stimulate return business.
3	New Yorkers like myself are terrified at the gradual Disney-fication of our city.  Every time a Broadway show closes, it seems like Disney swoops in with a Little Mermaid or Mary Poppins show.  But if you want a fully realized look at what a fully Disney-fied New York would look like, you need to check out the New York, New York Hotel and Casino in Vegas.  The interiors and exteriors of this place look like something straight out of Epcot Center.  From the Statue of Liberty and Brooklyn Bridge on the outside to the food court inside that looks like the west village meets the Magic Kingdom, this place is really brimming with kitsch.  Throw in a roller coster to complete the Disney vibe, and an Irish Pub to keep desperately grabbing for that NY street cred, and you're left with a place you have to see to believe.  But visitors beware:  the food you find inside is a poor representation of New York's fine low brow dining.
4	Ahh, the infamous New York New York. I have to say, as we slowly entered into the hotel, I did not expect to see what I was about to see. I did not know there is a mini New York INSIDE the New York-inspired buildings themselves. The whole entire food court is based off of the infamous streets of New York. You can see mini ny apartments, along with the iconic ny food served there in mini restaurants. I started r frolicking around like a little kid in the candy store. NyNy's food court is so cleverly designed that we rarely ate elsewhere. Now, to the room. As we reached our room number, we heard muffled music. Weird. After a few tries with the card, we got into the room. Lo and behold, the blaring music came from the radio in the room. The room keeper must have knew we were coming to party our asses off as that is the only explanation I can come up with that explains why she left the radio on (with volume allll the way up). Needless to say, our little dance parties took off right away. The room was very spacious and nicely decorated. I have nothing to complain about except for one thing: there was no vent in the bathroom. So with no windows and no vent, one may wonder how to do their daily deeds (deeds that don't smell too great) without everyone else knowing AND smelling it. Yea, it was definitely tough......Anyway, all in all, I loved NYNY!
4	Really cool inside...resembles the streets of New York (great pizza place there). Very loud with great bars. Try the American Restuarant for breakfast - you won't be sorry. Sportsbook is too small, no seats, but the ESPN Sportszone is right next door and that has plenty of seats.The rooms are nice,  nothing fancy. Ask for an elevator room or else you will be walking 1/2 mile to your room from the elevator. One other negative, is that it is at the far end of the strip, so you may want to get a cab to go to the other end.
3	Nice place, good overall customer service, especially with the Front Desk and Bell staff. We showed up around noon hoping for an early check in. We were offered one of their "Park Avenue" room upgrades for $15 extra per night, available immediately. Sold. Great little room on the 28th floor, king size bed, view of the strip. Nice. Avoid the room service menu, the food comes from the America restaurant (see my other review). You're better off walking (staggering) to the Il Fornaio cafe or something like that.Great mix of folks here, too. Seemed like a healthy mix of couples, families, sluts and douchebags... you know, normal folks. If you're a monorail rider, keep in mind that you have to walk across the overpass and through the MGM. Not a big deal, but just something to keep in mind if you want easy access to the station. A 1-day, or even a 3-day pass will save you money on frequent cab rides.
2	NYNY was....OK....just ok.  I understand that everyone smokes at the casino's. I get it. But to sleep in a room where is seems that there is someone smoking in the room when there isn't was annoying. I think they need to check the ventilation of this place. After a few nights, the smoke that seems to be dubbed into the room was too much for me. I will give them credit for moving us into another room when we had a group of partiers next to us all night. I sound like an old lady but I am not. When you figure in the time change of 3 hours and go to be at 3a.m., I was up for almost 24 hours. The walls were so thin, it was as if the people in the room next to me were in my face yelling. I had to sleep a few hours!! So the last complaint I have is, and it may sound petty but I was served a bill at check out, for  the "phone". You are charged $4 a day, every day for the phone in your room even if you don't use it. Why? They just took my cabfare home.
4	Stayed there for 2 nights last weekend. We had a very pleasant experience at NY-NY. The room was decent size, the service was great. I read some yelpers were saying about thin walls. We stayed in New Yorker Tower on 5th floor. All the time we spent in the room, we felt there's nobody else stayed on that floor. No noise at all. The prices at the business center are unbelievable though. I had to pay 9 bucks for using internet for 2 min and printing 2 boarding passes.
3	I Came to Vegas recently with a group of about 9 girls to celebrate a birthday. We picked the New York New York because it was cheap and we knew they had several casual bar and restaurant choices which we thought would work well for a large group. As a hotel it was satisfactory but it didn't take us long to realize that the New York New York is not one of the 'happening' spots and we spent most of our time on the other side of the strip. That being said, here are some pros and cons. Pro's-The mini New York skyline and landmarks are pretty spectacular. I think from the outside this is one of the most visually exciting spots in Vegas.-The rooms were well decorated, spacious and comfortable.-The cocktail waitresses were attentive with the free drinks even when I was sitting at the penny slots.-I ordered a birthday cake a few days in advance of my arrival. It was at the door beautifully decorated at the exact time I had specified. -As mentioned above, there are a ton of cheap and fast food options downstairs that range from burgers to a New York Deli. While none of the food was spectacular I will say that it was a great alternative to going out for a pricey group dinner at a sit down place every night. We were able to bring food up to our room and chow down with our own cocktails while getting ready for the evening and listening to music on the iPod dock which was a nice in-room amenity. -Guests at New York New York can also use the pool at the Monte Carlo where we found plenty or sun, chaise lounges and tasty frozen cocktails. Cons-The vibe inside the casino isn't nearly as bustling and high energy as other casinos that we stopped in. The hay day for this place has clearly come and gone and the crowd here seemed a little sorry. -Our room keys got demagnetized and wouldn't work about 3 times. It was a huge pain to constantly have to traipse downstairs, through the casino and wait in line at the front desk. They did give us a $35 credit when we complained - but still- the constant key issues were very annoying.-I came down for coffee one morning as some of the restaurants were opening up and there were big garbage dumpsters out for guests to smell and see. Although I like the New York city street theme, I don't need it to be that authentic.-Based on what I've heard from other friends that go to Vegas a lot, I can tell that neither the New York New York or the Monte Carlo have the best pool scene. Both pools were pleasant enough but lacked that party atmosphere you look for when you are on a Vegas vacay. -The action is at the other end of the strip which isn't exactly close when it's a million degrees outside. New York New York served its purpose but I would never stay there again, or recommend it. The money we spent shuttling back and forth to the more exciting end of the strip could have just been spent on a hotel that was closer to the action.
5	I stayed here with a friend when I visited Vegas for the 1st time ever in 2006 for my 21st birthday. I love it's New York City theme and you really get your money's worth here. It's right on the Las Vegas strip so it's close to everything, the rollar coaster is great too that they have here!!. Stay here when you come to Sin City!!
3	The hotels pretty cool. I mean after going to every casino on the strip its just like the others. The scenery is pretty cool yet  nothing great stands out about it.
2	I stayed here this past weekend for my husbands birthday. Starting from the check-in she was very rude and I had called to let them know we would be in early and was told I would not have a problem getting a room when we arrived and when we did they we were told if we paid additional $100 a nignt we then can have a room right away? So we had to wait by the pool for 3 hours and finally got our room. We were unpacking and can hear our neighbors moaning and groaning on one side and on the other a hotel engineer banging and drilling fixing the room door adjacent to us. The room was dingy and dark it smelled like old cigarette smoke very staled our bed was so uncomfortable and smelly the bathroom did not look clean at all had no vent the room was so dusty and dark our view was of a roof and part of the roller coaster track the water in shower and sinks smelled so bad. The decor of room is so ugly nothing matched the lighting was horrible. We had our neighbor trying to get in our room from the adjoining suite in the middle of the night banging on the door and trying to force door open and then they started fighting and yelling was ridiculous. We had to pay $3 a day for having the phone in room??? Our room was not cleaned the first day somebody put a privacy card on our door so was never cleaned and called for fresh towels took 40 min and the ipod radio was broken the hallways were so dirty and smelly I would NEVER stay here again so much crammed inside casino it is so crazy you just want to take a shower from taking a shower its gross. We were so disappointed we spent our time at the other Casinos. Would not rec commend this hotel especially for these rates!!
2	This was NOT THE BEST EXPERIENCE.  Arrived at 1:30a.m. on a Monday.  Waited in line behind four couples.  Not ONCE did either of the desk clerks say, "I'll be right with you."  We stood there for 25 minutes after having had a three hour delay in Atlanta and a four hour flight, plus another hour in baggage claim and in line at the car rental place.  When we got upstairs, I did my standard bed bug check.  THERE WAS FOOD BEHIND THE BED!!  The carpet looked like it hadn't been vaccumed.  I asked for another room and was DOWNGRADED.  This room had sugar or salt strewn all over a bench seat, which had pooled in the button.  The bathroom was not cleaned well.  I cried.  Then, the next day I asked for yet another room.  This room was slighly better, but had mildew buildup around the drain.  At that point, I just gave up.  Next time, we'll stay at the Luxor.
2	This weekend, the front desk manager tried to charge us $150 to stay another 6 hours on a saturday afternoon and then told us the hotel was sold out. Really, NYNY? In this economy, in mid-July and 115 degree heat, you're sold out? I think not. Clearly they don't want our business, and they're never getting it again. Apart from that., our stay was very nice. Room service was fantastic, and Nine Fine Irishmen, the Piano Bar and Il Fornaio are Vegas favorites.  This summer NYNY guests get access to the Monte Carlo pool, which is where we spent our time b/c of their lazy river - which is not nearly as nice as the MGM river but what can you do.  Anyway I knocked off two whole stars because of the ridiculousness of the front desk manager, and will never come here again. Too bad, NYNY. Hello, MGM!
2	I think this hotel is okay. It is not as smokey in there and it is for adults and children as well. You can ride the rollercoaster as well, but it is quite expensive $14 dollars which is not even worth the money. The rollercoaster is not as fun either.  They do have an arcade which is okay. I tried their Nathan's famous hotdogs and their fruit punch margaritas were okay, but had way too much alcohol in it.  8 ounces for $8 dollars is sure is not worth it.  Anyways I like the slot machines and did win some money there.  I like the architecture outside however and definitely you can take good pictures.
4	I really enjoyed my stay at the NYNY.  Now, I don't think it is fair to compare this hotel to places like the Venetian and the Bellagio which are 4 times the price. Compared to other hotels in their caliber, like the Luxor, NYNY is a great hotel. We payed $55on Wed/Thur for their summer escape package. We only had the baseline skyline room (who stays in their room?). It was very clean and nicely decorated. My BF, who has a bad back, loved the beds since they were on the firmer side. I also thought they were comfy.  We were up on the 10th floor, so there was a semi view of the strip.  We were close to the rollercoaster, but it shut down late at night and you hear stuff all night long in Vegas anyway. The staff was very nice and friendly and the casino is nice. I loved the location - you are right across from the MGM and can easily walk to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. The downside is that the food is pretty blah - the Il Fornaio is worse than other locations I have tried. The chin-chin cafe was sort of blah and the America restaurant is like any Denny's in America. The pluses in the food category were Nathan's and the Hagendaz stand. The casino is also very small so we really didn't gamble there. Also there are more children than in other locations - but that is better than the trashy elements in hotels like the Excalibur. Overall, I am giving 4 stars relative to the price. The customer service was good and rooms were nice and very clean in a great location.
4	Good place for the price! Make sure you get on their email list for good deals. Ive stayed at alot of the different hotels on the strip and I got to say this place has been added to my list. I was kind of worried since I read different mixed reviews on this place, but they proved all the negativity wrong. One thing though...DO NOT UPGRADE TO BROADWAY!!!We got a Broadway room the first night  because the guy at the front desk had UPGRADED us....totally disappointed with the room. the decor was bland and the room looked very old. don't be fooled just because it says its bigger.  I was facing the back part of the hotel which is the parking lot.I called the following morning to change rooms....Very easy process. I DOWNGRADED to a PARK AVENUE room. Now this room was nice. very clean. Nicely decorated and a better view of the strip. I was on the 24th floor. Beds are comfortable and so are the pillows. The bathroom is like a normal bathroom nothing special...but I honestly don't care...I just need it to do my business and take a shower..Sound proof walls... I didn't hear any noise when we were in our room. The staff was very friendly. The location is good. if you don't feel like walking then you can catch the monorail at MGM which is right across the way. The roller coaster was cool said the hubby. Check out the schedule you have in your room because there is a 2 for 1 special during a certain time of the day. A suggestion though is to bring a cooler of some sort and buy some drinks and water to keep in the room..so you don't have to keep on going downstairs to get  something to drink.The reason I give it a four star is for the LONGGGGGGGG WALK to my room. I mean seriously...I had to pack water and food just for the walk to the room.lol. All in all....its a nice hotel for the price...remember your not in vegas to be in your room.....unless your on your honeymoon...in that case stay at the Bellagio, Venetian, or the Wynn...I definitely will be staying here again in the future....
4	From reading the reviews on NYNY I've come to the conclusion that people just expect too much from mediocre hotels on the Vegas strip. With that being said, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here. I had the pleasure of being in the Park Avenue room and it was perfect sized, it was actually bigger than I thought it was going to be. The beds were super comfortable, the IPOD docking station definitely came in handy and we even used the two chairs set up near the window. Our view wasn't the greatest, we got to stare at the starting tracks of the roller coaster but whatever no big deal. It was too hot to stand close to the window anyways. The bathroom was good sized, toilet worked great, shower had enough water pressure and the mirror in the hall outside the bathroom helped when girls were getting dressed in the bathroom and you needed to do makeup. As far as the rest of the property goes I was happy with everything. The amount of restaurants and eateries was more than sufficient, the casino tables were awesome, especially our guys at the craps tables! You know you're home when the craps dealers know your name or face by the second day. The pool is meh but I also didn't expect much from it because I looked at pictures before going. I do like that they allow you to drink while in the pool.  Most places will not let you do that so that's a plus in my book. The front desk clerk who checked us in was a little on the beyotchy side. She felt it necessary to point out that check-in wasn't until later in a not so nice tone. Yeah we know, hence us asking "We wanted to see if it was possible to check-in early" But we got our room early and it all worked out. Tip: The room keys suck! They get demagnatized very easily so try to keep it away from your cell phone. I tried to keep mine in my wallet and that worked for the most part. During our stay we had to get the key replaced twice which can be a little frustrating, especially when it's 3am and you're drunk and just want to eat food and go to bed. I would for sure stay here, the price is too good pass up.
4	Yeah New York-New York is cheesy as hell but it ended up being one of the better hotels on my trip. At least for entertainment purposes, they have some HOT shows going on right now!! Zumanity (think Cirque du Soleil meets sex) and Rok your ass off (a hot new club) will really entertain you. There is plenty of things to do at NY-NY, ride the roller coaster (personally I think $14 is a scam), play in the arcade, or just gamble like everyone else. Hungry?? Grab a pretzel from NY Pretzel stand (personally I've had better pretzels in NY) or maybe get a sandwich at Greenberg's Deli. There are all kinds of places to grab a quick bite here. Thirsty?? Check out Nine Fine Irishmen a perfectly good Irish pub or Bar Times Square. The service is excellent at both. It has all the standards, pool, golf, shopping, and a spa like most of the strip hotels do. I don't know what makes this one any different but it did seem a lot busier then the others. I'd go back but not stay here, it's just too many people.
2	Each time I book a trip to Las Vegas, I always stay somewhere I've never stayed before!  I had never stayed at NYNY, though I had stumbled inside in May last year during a Bachelorette party and we ended up dancing on the bar at Coyote Ugly...lots of fun!  I booked NYNY for a two-night stay during a promotional deal - discounted Zumanity tickets, a bunch of 2 for 1 coupons combined with Monte Carlo (think drinks, buffet, Lance Burton).  Overall, the promotional items were awesome, and had it not been for those, I would have totally regretted my stay at NYNY.Out room was the size of a shoe-box.  Our "view" was of a brick wall.  Not even kidding.  You couldn't even see the sky, we were right against another building.  It almost felt like we were in hiding!  Our room also must have been right above the roller coaster because every 7 minutes (long into the night...) we'd hear this crazy rumbling above us, even making our lamps shake!  Even though we were stumbling into our show-box room at like 2AM, I was still unable to fall asleep due to the noise.  Already planning on being hungover, I was NOT happy that sleeping in and mid-day naps were out of the question due to such noise (ROLLER COASTER!)  Every other place I've stayed at in Vegas allows me to get my mid-day rest in, so I'm alive the next night and able to hit the strip feeling refreshed!Our bathroom was pretty gross also, sure from a quick glance it looked clean, but the floors and bathtub were pretty filthy.I called the front desk on our second and last night to request a late checkout. I was asked to call back at 8AM the next morning to request it.  When my alarm rang at 7:59 AM and I called the front desk, they told me they were unable to accommodate me...When we checked out, the front desk asked me if I had a comfortable stay.  When I told her "not exactly", and went into detail about the noise and cleanliness, she just replied by saying "OK", handed me my receipt and that was that.  When I was emailed the customer service satisfaction survey, I checked the box that I would like to be contacted via phone regarding my complaints.  That was over 2.5 weeks ago and I haven't heard anything.I definitely won't stay here again - there are WAY better options than NYNY.  Think TI or Mirage...
5	Stayed a couple of weeks ago and I ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT!!! This hotel is amazing its hip, its fun, its everything at your finger tips... My room was very cozy the view exceptional.  If your looking for an hotel that has these type of atmosphere NYNY is the one. Don't forget the Roller Coaster and of course ZUMANITY... I'm going back in a few weeks I hope I get the same service but I'm pretty sure I will..
4	I have never had a bad experience here. In three trips the people have always been gray and the rooms have been nice. The suites are very nice for the price. It is in no way a luxury hotel but it is a great place to stay.
3	This hotel confused me a bit...  I chose this place over others because I love the casino.  The decor and overall scene is great, the place has been kept up relatively well.First off, we pulled up to the valet and there was no one working, I stopped my car got out and walked around looking for someone to take my car.  I looked around and couldn't find anyone so I figured screw it, I'll self park, it's not far.  As we drove out of the valet area there was at least 40 people waiting for their cars.We park and walk to registration.  There wasn't a large line by any means, maybe 6 people in front of us and 4 employees working the counter.  It took almost 30 minutes to make our way to the counter, once there the room reserved was no longer available so the guy upgraded us.  We originally reserved a Park Ave room which is just above the standard room, the clerk told us he put us in the Broadway room which was a level up from that.  All was fine and dandy until we got to our 'room?'.  Ever been on an Indian reservation?  Well me either until I got to my room.  The indian theme was pretty tacky but the purple pleather chair with tiger stipe seat cushion really pushed made it incredible awful.  The room was big enough for an after party but I mean even Motel 6's have coffee makers in the rooms...I can say for a room that runs $400 for a Friday and Saturday it's definitely, DEFINITELY not worth it.  We got a good rate, that's the only thing I can say I came away with from this stay.
4	stayed here on my 21st birthday with my best friend.. the room was great ..big enough for the both of us.. service was great as well.. food was top notch in the food court. you gotta check out zumanity =)
2	I went here 2 times with my friend to ride the roller coaster. Both times, FAIL due to rain. They shut down the ride when the weather isn't so cooperative. Whatever. Went down to get a drink. Me: Hey man, let me get 2 waters, and 2 long islands, and a patron shot. Bartender: Say please. (And no he wasn't joking, nor it was funny). Me: I love the minimum wage attitude but how about our drinks. And that was all I could stand from NY NY. Screw this place. Wouldn't EVER stay here just based on my 2 BAD experience. Wont be a 3rd. Especially when Vegas has options coming out the hizza! You're probably pondering... why 2 stars then Mr. John Tucker?! Well, I'll tell you why... I met some really GREAT people here. And I loves my people. Oh and you gotta pay $0.50 for a small locker. Rides are $15.00/person. *subject to change* Ha! Hope you have a better luck than I did.
4	I stayed here in late August for a joint bachelor/bachelorette party and was very pleasantly surprised by the hotel itself as well as the casino and amenities within it. There were 14 of us total so we ended up getting 4 rooms (all at the double occupancy rate which was $60 on Thurs. and $129 Fri and Sat) and passing out wherever we ended up. The rooms were surprisingly clean and nice and as far as we could tell, they pretty much all have a view of some sorts -- ours looked out at the roller coaster. I called the day before we left to see if we could reserve rooms that were right next to eachother and was told that rooms are never assigned in advance, but when we showed up they were able to give us two larger adjoining rooms, one other two floors below, and one a little bit separated. Not perfect, but it still worked out totally fine. Like I said, the rooms were a pleasant surprise -- big windows, comfy beds and pillows, a nice tv and a big dresser, and a pretty clean, newer bathroom with lots of counter space. The only MAJOR bummer was that the rooms didn't have fridges, so keeping drinks/mixers/snacks cold required buying cheap styrofoam coolers at the CVS down the block. The pool at the hotel is nothing special but it served the purpose. It's fairly small and the chairs and lounges filled up really fast. There is a bar and food served, though, as well as a volleyball net in the middle of the pool and a hot tub (we saw some people using it, though I can't see how they could stand it in the heat). Don't even think about diving our swimming around though. The deepest point is only 4 or 4.5 feet deep with a bench that goes the whole way around, so it's really only ideal for standing and sitting. Locationally, NY NY is pretty convenient. It's at what I think is the southern end of the strip, next door to the Monte Carlo and across/diagonal from the MGM Grand, Tropicana, and Excalibur. We never used it during our stay, but I noticed that the entrance to the Strip Tram station is literally RIGHT across the street at the MGM Grand and you can get there from a skyway bridge thing on the second floor of NY NY. Overall I had a great stay and was really happy with the hotel and the convenience of it and I would definitely stay there again if I found a good deal.
4	the place is a bit dated compared to the newer hotels like venetian, paris, planet hollywood and bellagio, but the rooms are reasonably priced.. and make sure to take advantage of their promotion rates during slower seasons! we stayed in a regular room for one night and a spa suite the next two nights. spa suite was excellent, decor was modern and the spa tub can comfortably fit two adults. it was heavenly after walking around all afternoon in the hundred degree heat. i love the location because of its proximity to a lot of other hotels. staff was accommodating, friendly and knowledgeable. when we arrived around 6pm after a few hours of driving, i was craving some fish and chips and they had a fish market in their food court! we took an order of calamari rings and a family deal of fish and chips, chicken strips and hush puppies to eat in the room. we had a view of the rollercoaster all three nights.. was not loud at all, it was entertaining to see the riders ascend to the top and then fall to their first drop. i would definitely stay here again!
3	This place was nice, casino had a bunch of cool lookie-loo's in it. Crappy part was, they had a cover on the ESPN zone. WTF!?
4	Obviously one of the better hotels at Vegas everything is koo i think they and Paris have the best "inside" to the hotels i love the steam stuff comming out of the wells with the pizza and pasta resturaunts alike. The one bummer man $20 to sit on that dumb rollercoster isnt all that cool. But you have to do it atleast once, so spit out that $20!TFR
3	This is one of the many MGM-Mirage properties on the strip.  The casino and hotel staff are all welcoming and friendly.   The casino floor and selection of shops and eateries is  decent and complete.The casino floor and shops are all looking very nice with the New York theme design and  layout (Obviously very well maintained). The hotel rooms, however, are starting to look a little dated and might be due for updating (My room had a tube TV, which seems like a ancient relic now in 2009 - especially for a large, reputable, mid-strip property).
4	Just came back from Vegas and went to NYNY to see if Tai Son still remembers me.He did, but at the cost of $20 playing at his blackjack table. Most expensive greeting ever.
5	We did not stay at this hotel but definitely spend a lot of time there.The gambling was fun, the clubs (Coyote Ugly and Rok) were great. The New York Pretzel shop was delicious and open late-so we could grab something there even late into the night.Over all the hotel was great and very pleasant. Next time we visit Vegas I will definitely stay at New York New York!!!
5	Just got back from LV I stayed w/my friend she also luvd this hotel/ Although it was a bit slow well it seem that entire vegas was kinda empty we had a great time. The staff was excellent, everything about NY-NY hotel was excellent. For now this hotel will continue to be my #1 choice.
3	Considering these guys hooked me up with 3 free nights, I hate to only 3-star em, but I gotta call it like it is...  POSITIVES:+Clean Casino+Plenty of TVs by the tables to watch the game on+Great deals for being part of the Players Club+Friendly employees+Self Parking had spaces right by the bridge to the entrance+Good variety of restaurants+Good location on the stripIN BETWEEN:-/+ Craps dealers lack personality.  They're friendly and professional, but they've got no soul.  Made for some lame action... especially considering I was winning.-/+ The ice machine in the room didn't make ice....made a decent fridge though.-/+ ESPN zone is cool, but could definitely use expansion during football season.  LONG wait.NEGATIVES:-The Park Avenue bed is on par with a Holiday Inn Express-Rooms are clean, but the furniture seems like it's in need of renovation.-Obstucted views in the center of the Empire State Building-Pool is pretty small-Pathetic sports book.  No seats unless you're watching horse racing.  Your neck will hurt like hell if your game is on the top screen.-Dont bother with room service for breakfast.  Big letdown.  I've had better breakfasts at Denny's.  -Come on...  no free wi-fi?  In this day and age?-CRT TVs...  Bottom Line:  They're clean and they're professional.  I'll keep coming back as long as they keep offereing me free rooms, but they're definitely due for a renovation.  There's better options around though if you're a sports fan.
2	They ruined the casino! The character of the "Central Park" Casino is gone. Their casino is now a cheap looking attempt to go, I don't know, modern? Tacky and boring. The shops of New York streets seem oddly out of place now. Once again, they could not give me the king size bed I requested. The girl at check in did upgrade us to a huge corner room on the 35th floor with a great view of the mountains. Opening the drapes upon check-in, we found 2 bachelorette party balloons on the floor. There was a tarry substance on the table when we got there, and was still there after they made up our room during our stay. New York New York has definitely seen it's better days, and unless they do some major upgrading, we'll be going elsewhere.
4	I like this place. It's usually a stop when we come here only because whomever I'm with decide we should visit 'the other side of the strip.'As Jeffrey L., already mentioned, the fact that we have a dealer who recognizes us and makes us feel like the usuals, even though we're usuals who only visit 1-2 times a year.They have Sic-Bo and Chuck-A-Luck here! OMGyes...and me saying that alone proves that I'm a pansy gambler that merely goes on luck. Now for a person who's pretty unlucky in life, I'm a pretty lucky person when I step into a casino. Haha *knock on wood* don't wanna jinx it.We haven't stayed here yet, but are planning to in November, so I shall update then about the hotel amenities! At least now when I wake up I can go directly down stairs and gamble at all my favorite places haha.If you or anyone you know have a gambling problem, please call (213) 386-8789  to reach the Gamblers Anonymous head quarters.
2	I'm ashamed to even write this review-- because it gives it away that I at this old age stayed there!  But for the sake of my fellow yelpers, I shall go ahead and write this review.The WHOLE place STINKS like smoke.  I know, I know, it's Vegas, but the ventilation system is horrible and you feel like everyone and everything is smoking.The rooms are eh.  It's literally like the NY,NY hotels where you get very little for the money.  I guess that's why it's NY, NY hotel...and apparently that the theme they're going for?The restaurants in the hotel are also EH.  I had beer, hot dogs, and cheese pizza... in VEGAS.  Oh wait, I forgot, it's supposed to be NY, NY.  So I guess the hot dogs and pizza fit the theme... but... what about the ethnic and hip places?  Doesn't the real NY, NY have those too?  Well honey, if you want that... then cough up a few hundred dollars and fly yourself to the real deal cuz you ain't gonna see anything like that in NY NY hotel!
3	We arrived here impromptu and decided to get a room for the night.. It was a bit on the pricier side for a hotel such as New York New York.. $70 for the night but the front desk worker, Johnny, was kind enough to upgrade us to the Park Avenue room.  I much appreciated the service and how friendly he was.  The rooms to be honest is nothing to be wowed by.. The furniture definitely need some new ones and some new designs to the room.  It looks old and gloomy!  I mean granite bathrooms and such but it still didn't really impress me.  The room itself was quite roomy but nothing compared to my past 2 nights at the Encore!! Major stoop down I KNOW!What i enjoyed about this hotel though was the theme it had. New York New York.. It is unique.. It is indeed different from the other hotels on the strip.. It gives you a more chill relaxing environment compared to the glamorous hotels such as Encore, Bellagio, and Caesar's.  I loved how there were so much food downstairs just like how you would walk in any real NY village to grab some food to eat!  I was able to eat at Coney Island Hot Dogs and Broadway burgers.. At the moment, my foot long chili cheese bacon dog satisfied my appetite!  It was just a good relaxing environment to enjoy with your loved one.. Too bad the view out of my room was of the rollercoaster carrying the folks up the trail!! boring!
4	Everything was great, we just had some problems walking up the Strip in the early September heat. Played at three tables; the first one was not nice at all, even after I tipped her more than normal (it was my first time gambling at a table!), but the other two were perfect.Our room was a good five minutes' walk from the elevators, which was annoying; if that's what "strip view" means, then it's not worth it.
1	Besides the pretty cool roller coaster on top of the hotel, they really have nothing good going for them. The hotel conceirge was horribly and took forever to locate my room reservation and she kept on question my other guest what was their sur-name to check if it was under their name(NO BIOTCH! IT'S UNDERSTAND MY NAME!!!), dealers paid no attention to cards what so ever!!!! Just strictly deal the cards and pay and take as their are taught and another dealer really pissed me off when she asked I.Ded me and I wasn't even playing on the table!!!!!!! However she did I.D. everyone on the table also a 50+ years old woman! The hotel room smelled like shit since we were stuck with a smoking room because my room was complimentary that was all they had for me, BULLSHIT! I don't even know why I'm complaining about the room since I am not even staying there! HAHAHA But it's an extra room for me buddy
4	I didn't stay at this hotel but did gamble here.  I had a good time, won a couple hundred bucks so I was happy.  It did take forever to get drinks but I guess thats how it goes.  I'm not gonna hate cuz it took a while to get my drinks.The roller coaster is awesome.  I didn't ride it this last trip but when I did I had so much fun.  I can't wait to go back.  Maybe I'll stay here and see how the rooms are.
3	You could easily walk in and out of this hotel in 10 minutes, tops.  Unless you've come here for a specific reason (i.e. Zumanity, Rok Vegas, roller coaster], there's not much reason for you to stay. * Zumanity - The Sensual Side of Cirque du Soleil.  Great show, theatre was comfy and complete with red lighting. * ESPN Zone - This place is a lot of fun if you're there to watch a game.  Plenty of tv's surrounding the area.  Can be a long wait, so come early if you really want to watch here.  Plenty of arcade stayle video games to keep the kids and kids-at-heart busy. * Nathan's Hot Dogs - We had a great meal here during our last visit to NY NY, but surprisingly we ddin't have the hot dogs.  The philly cheesesteak was insanely good; huge portions and very meaty.  The chili cheese fries were nom-nom-good.  Come by to the hotel to take a pic with the Statue of Liberty and walk over the Brooklyn Bridge... and then keep walking...
2	Last trip just played here, both craps, blackjack, and the sports book.  I agree with others that it's just not that much fun playing here.  I did win some $ so it's not all sour grapes.The whole place just seemed like it needs to be remodeled.  Kind of dirty and just not that pleasant.I had a floor person tell me upon seeing my blackjack basic strategy card "there's the cheater's card" without a hint of sarcasm or joking.  Wow!  I really want to give you my business now!  Had a dealer who was always PO'ed no matter what I did, tip or otherwise.  Yuck.  Had a similar experience last trip a couple years back and this experience sealed my opinion of the place.My 2 cents: take your gambling elsewhere!
2	Look, I understand.May have looked good on paper.Pales to real New York.
4	I love the theme of this hotel.  The Park Avenue rooms were really nice, especially the corner room we got, nice and quite place to pass out in.  The location is okay on the strip, but i still end up cabbing everywhere anyway.
4	A group of friends and I just got back from Vegas, where we stayed at the NY-NY hotel. We really liked the place. It aint the Ritz, but it's definitely not bad at all.One of the best parts was that they offer free Craps "lessons" every morning at 10am, and if you attend the lesson (which takes place right on the casino floor), they allow a $5 minimum bet on the Craps table (usually, it's $10).The cocktail waitresses come by often, though every now and then they will take your drink order and forget to bring it to you (even if you are regularly tipping them).If you want cheap eats, they've got stuff like Nathan's Hot Dogs. If you want a nice place, I've heard Gallagher's steak house is really good (in the hotel).  They've also got good pizza place (Sirrico's, I believe) that's open 'til 3am, which is perfect after an evening of drinking.The sports book leaves a lot to be desired, especially when you compare it to the ones at MGM and Mandalay Bay, which are in close walking distance.The only downside was that there were some seriously questionable/sketchy patrons along with us on the casino floor around 2-3am when we were gambling, but nothing too uncomfortable.I'd recommend it.
5	i can't believe it took me so long to review this hotel! i was here in august with fred g. and i LOVED, LOVED, LOVED it. staying here really makes you feel like your in NY. from the statue of liberty to the cobblestone streets of NY with hot dogs & pizza.
4	If I could be Katy Perry I'd start everyday waking up in Vegas! Since I can't the, occasional vacation will have to do! This was the case in April when my friends and I took a trip to sin city! We were greeted late at night upon arrival by a very nice concierge who graciously upgraded our room from the standard to the next level, it was quite nice with a view of the roller coaster right outside our bedroom window. The hotel itself is centrally located and they have easy access to whatever your heart desires including Cirque Du Soleil's Zumanity show which we watched. It was also great. All the staff we came in contact with were great and the hotel has all the amenities you can ask for. When I go back New York New York will be at the top of my list of places to stay!
2	I ordered a piece of pie and a coffee in the coffee shop at 2am when the place was empty. In half an hour no one even walked past my table enough for me to ask them where my order was. I had to walk up to the front desk and threaten to walk out.The roller coaster runs around the hotel. Think carefully. This means your hotel room shakes each time the coaster passes by, at all hours day and night.The only reason I give it two stars is that the room itself was ok. Too bad you won't be able to sleep in it or get food in the restaurant. It's also well located.
4	Like I said, we stayed here in November during the Pacquaio vs. Cotto fight weekend. We booked this probably before or after our intended stay in September so the price was a deal! I believe we got a night free!Now, prior to actually staying here I didn't even know where you head in order to check in, but wherever the taxi drops you off, you head to the left of the casino and you'll find the registration. What I semi-disapprove of is how there are FOUR towers. Now this was only a downside because we wanted to be near our cousin, but he ended up being in a completely different tower. Our floor was located in the Century towers and I believe our room had part of the word ROK on it, we're still trying to fig that out. Twanyways....we had a strip-view room which meant we walked down endless hallways to get to the LAST room. Now, if you don't care much for views, which I certainly don't care about anymore, I'd recommend letting them know you want a room closer to the elevator.Now, I thought the distance from our room to the elevator was pretty long, but that wasn't until I visited my cousin's room. I don't remember which tower he was located in, but it was behind the eateries. Where I expected his room to be, we continued to walk in about 2-3 more hallways!!! SO LONG!! That's terrible if you're going to be staggering to your room at 3 in the morning!! Or if you're lazy like me! (and my ankle is still healing from being fractured)Other than that, the location of the hotel is good on the strip and it has direct access to Excalibur and MGM. I didn't discover the Excalibur bridge until the day we were leaving. The late night eats they have here are yummy too! They have pizza, pretzels, hot dogs, and all of that other fatty stuff you'll stuff in your face to suck up all the alcohol from the many Fat Tuesday drinks you sucked down all day/weekend. Unfortunately, this last visit we didn't get to see our dealer Taison =(I'd stay here again =)
1	this is not NYC, and if you're too cheap to actually go to NYC, then please do not go here. This is NOT a replica of NYC, hell the buildings are off and don't look right, seriously wtf? Get on the roller coaster if you want. I think its being held together by duct tape and barbed wire. I'm surprised they didn't put king kong in there as well.but hey you can buy 12 keychains for 10 dollars! that's a deal right there! then again why would you need 12 keychains? Who knows.Seeing them sell I love ny t shirts and yankee stuff is totally weird. seeing them sell NYPD and FDNY stuff there is beyond weird, considering half of it isn't "authentic" or real or even endorsed or by the organizations, even though they put on a sticker or sign stating that it is. There's a sucker born every minute. I guess in here its more often than that.Coyote Ugly is located in here. Totally loud and overrated.
3	So me and my fellow yelper Mildred V stayed here for an industry conference, and we booked far in advance and got a great deal... $540.00 including flight and 6 nights at this hotel......  the only vice is this hotel is on the south end of the vegas strip...  if you want to be near just MGM, Mandalay Bay, Monte Cristo, and Luxor then this is the place to be at... It wasn't a bad room for the price and I would stay here again if need be.... but I'd rather much stay at harrah's or venetian....
4	Newwww Yorrrrrrk, concrete jungle where dreams are made of....I had so much fun gallivanting through this hotel. Piano bar, pizza by the slice, themed towers for the rooms...who knew you could go to Vegas and end up in New York? The room was great: clean, great view, comfy beds and good lotion.Room service is tricky, they include the 18% gratuity and then they ask for additional tip, I got duped and tipped more.I gambled some hard earned cash at roulette and played some nickel slots too. The cocktails were flowing and the cigarettes were burning. The club in the hotel, Rok offered an open bar from 6-9 with Vodka and Sapporo beers... lets just say we had our share and we partied in true Vegas fashion.
4	Okay  so New York New York  isn't the fanciest of places, but it really is a great  place.  While the New York part of their set up doesn't do that much for me, I do enjoy the conveniences of the place. I really love while in Vegas  going  to their dueling piano bar, it has a kitschy feel to it ,that just makes me relax, it's so predictable and yet comforting at the same time. I mean who doesn't love Piano Man several times in one evening..they also have video poker right on the edge of the Bar so I can people watch , play poker and have a nice lemon drop ...it's a win all the way around.They also have a food court that has great extended hours,  and they have a  Haagen Daas  just in case I have an ice cream emergency. The Food Court had a Pastry area that had really decent  tarts which I felt I needed to sample. The rooms have recently been remodeled and are clean and nice at the moment ( casino rooms get messed up really quick). Loved the marble in the bathroom and rich looking bedding on the bed ..yes thread counts make a difference.. and this felt good. One concern our room was very small , well planned out but small,  not that we needed a lot of space..but small.  Get the picture? But for the low price we got and how little we walk around the room no biggie. By the way  the Roller Coaster is a lot of fun and great to let out your primal screams.I recommend it. NYNY  is at a good location near MGM. Mandalay Bay is a tram ride away and the newish Planet Hollywood is just down the street. Good location to walk from.
4	Was staying at NY NY while in Vegas and what can I say about the hotel but that it looks like they built a mini city inside the hotel.  It's one of the bigger casino's in vegas with plenty of tables and slot machines.  Probably one of the advantages of NYNY is the food options.  You can get something reasonably price here (like under $10) or you can go to one of their high end restaurants for a night out.I stayed in the Century Tower and I believe it was like the 32nd floor.  Of all the places I've been to in Las Vegas, this room had the best view.  We had a great view of the strip and the mountains and the strip looked great all lit up at night.Besides the view, the room was nice.  Had plenty of room for 3 guys without being in each others way.  Things are a little dated in the room so no flat screen TV and some of the stuff here while in good condition was old.  The sinks were in a separate room from the toilet and shower which is always nice.  The shower was definitely high end and hot water was there quickly.Overall, was impressed with my stay here at NYNY especially with the view in the upper levels of the Century Tower and would recommend it to anyone.
2	A few years back, the wife and I came to see Zumanity, located in a theater inside the New York-New York Hotel & Casino.   Walking through the make-believe streets of Big Apple, I thought it'd be a cool hotel to stay at.A few weeks back, my wife suggested she'd love to celebrate her birthday in Vegas so I got online and booked us a room for a couple of nights at this hotel.   It coinciding with CES, the rate wasn't cheap... $169 a night or thereabouts, but Planet Hollywood or Paris were even more expensive, so I figured this would be a good time to try the NY-NY.Let's just say that the room we got for that price was absolutely tragic.   Yeah, it had a King size bed, but no, it wasn't a Cal-King, and let's just say that after the bed was placed in the room, it left very little room for you to walk around.  The TV is still good ol' Cathode Ray Tube, Pay-per-View does *not* give you the ability to pause or rewind your film.  The bathroom was actually pretty decent, but let's just say the Paris and Planet Hollywood both put this hotel to shame.As for the casino, it was nice to see $10 blackjack tables.  I'm not sure if that's a result of the economy crash-and-burning, but it was refreshing to see minimum bets go back down to reasonable levels.   The drinks, though, were a complete fucking joke.  $14 for a Ketel One and Red Bull at the bar, and I ain't talking a double or stiff drink.   This was pretty much a 1-shot drink.   I had the same drink at the Venetian and, while it cost me $15, it was poured in a 16-oz glass and had a stiff shot and a half, if not 2.   Compare that to a minuscule 8-oz glass at the NY-NY.While the Nine Fine Irishmen was a nice Irish Pub, and of course the America Diner provided much needed simple carbs at 3 AM to soak up all that excess alcohol, I must say I was not impressed with the NY-NY at all.   I don't plan on coming back here anytime soon, that's for sure.
3	We haven't stayed at New York-New York, but we have walked through it several times.  The casino action seems more active and "fun" than many other places in Vegas.  We love the New York-style pretzels that are available on the second floor next to the bridge entrance.  I think we've eaten at the Irish pub, but it was so long ago I can't give it a proper review.  Having been through this hotel again just last week to see Zumanity, we were surprised to see the rollercoaster ride cost $14!  Anyhow, great vibes and a cheerful crowd can be found here.
3	I always like NY NY every time when I visit LV. I was excited to stay in NY NY this time to attend friends' wedding during the busiest weekend because of CES. The service at the front desk was pretty good. However, the service on phone was bad. When we asked can we call valet from the room to pick up the car, the lady said she didn't know if it's ok or not. The lady didn't wait for me to finish the conversation and just hung up directly. The room "Broadway Deluxe" was old, and not come with the ipod play which shown on the amenity list. Therefore, we decided to stay in "Park Avenue Deluxe", it was small, but newer. The last night we upgraded to SPA suite, it was good. However, all the rooms we stay, they didn't come with coffee pot or kettle, and when I called the room service, they told me they don't provide any coffee pot or kettle. If I asked for hot water, they charge it. My boyfriend got down stairs to buy a cup of cafe, and he got me hot water for free! The last thing I was not happy about is that they charge for Internet. I can understand everything costs money in LV. However, who wants to stay in hotel room and surf online? I just want to get online and get some travel information and book tickets. Last time I came to LV with travel tour and stayed in Four Queens, and they had Internet for free! I thought it's the basic thing for business people or someone who always search online even when they come to LV. Overall, I still like NY NY, but I don't think I will stay here next time to LV.
3	Stayed here for two nights over MLK weekend. Got comped rooms so I can't speak to the rates. They do charge an $8.99 per night resort fee ($10.07 after taxes)... includes two drinks per stay (as opposed to per day), local and 800 calls, free newspaper (not delivered to your door, you have to pick it up at the convenience store) and 20% off at a couple restaurants (3p-7p only, however). Rooms are nothing out of the ordinary. What is out of the ordinary is the long ass walk to your room if you happen to get one at the end of the hall. Sure, it's a long walk to the end of the hall at any hotel, but this is a haul. It's a trek. A journey. I'm talking 146 paces from the elevator (yes, I counted). My stride is probably about two feet, so you're looking at about 300 feet, which is a football field folks. Another con: no poker room.You can take a tram to luxor, excalibur and mandalay bay, not that you'd want to visit the first two anyway. Be warned though, the tram stops running at 10 or 10:30 most nights. I had to walk from Mandalay Bay to nyny at 4:30am, which while probably less than a mile, is not what you want to be doing at that hour. The only saving grace was the krispy kreme in excalibur appears to be open 24 hrs. Didn't have any meals there this trip, but I recall the pizza joint is pretty good.Pour 24, a bar on the mezzanine, offers a decent selection of craft brews, beyond the usual bud, miller, coors colored water.
4	I can't believe I haven't reviewed New York-New York yet!  My then boyfriend brought me here for my first time in Vegas and we've stayed here several times since.  It's definitely one of my favorite resorts on the strip!There's now the daily resort fee, which at least includes two free drinks.  The rooms are small, but the beds are comfy and we loved the extra pillows.  There's plenty going on within the hotel, with lots of dining choices and bars.  Zumanity is here too, which is a great show.  My husband is also part of the Player's Club, and although he by no means spends a large amount of money gambling we got a great room rate offer.Definitely one of my favorites in Vegas!
5	I absolutely LOVE this hotel/casino. It's just purely amazing fun. The hotel is huge and there's so much to do in the casino. It's like a giant playground for adults!
4	I liked the tall ceilings and wide open feel to the place, didnt seem as crowded as some of the more Ritzy places on the strip.  I would stay here again, great atmosphere
2	I almost gave NYNY 3 stars but just couldn't bring myself to do it. A pretty large and decent selection of eateries along with a million different souvenir shops and a standard Vegas casino.The pool SUCKS. Super tiny with barely any room for more than 3 lounge chairs and I guess it's considered a family friendly hotel b/c it was crammed with kids and grandparents.The room faced the back corner of the hotel so the view was less than stellar, mostly just the walls of the hotel along with a partial view of the roller coaster. The room itself was nothing special, I've stayed in nicer Super 8s!It might be normal for hotels in Vegas to charge their guests to use their computers/printers but I've never had to do that in other hotels so that was annoying. Since I had to pay to use their computer I stupidly ended up leaving my credit card in their business center and of course I checked out right after that. They called me right away to tell me but when I called them back to ask them to mail me the card I got transferred around to 3 different people to confirm whether they even had the card! Least they did mail it back to me at their expense.I don't think I'd ever stay here again, especially given that there are much better places for the same price on the strip.
2	Let's get this out of the way first: the room was nice, prices were low (thank you hotels.com ) and i am not your average Las Vegas consumer. I just don't belong there. But the front desk did not tell us that the pool was closed until March, that it cost $20 to use the fitness center or that he was only giving us one key, for two of us. As another reviewer said, it is a looong walk to the elevator, and back to the front desk a) to get a second key and b) to get more keys when the second key didn't work. The resort fee was a surprise, still don't know if it was mandatory.  The lobby/casino area was way too noisy for me.Would try not to return here.
4	Nice hotel.  Would definitely stay here again.  The room was clean and the bed was comfortable.  Everything in the bathroom was updated and modern.  We got a great rate ($60 per night), and felt like we got our way more than our moneys worth.  Our floor was pretty quiet, and they stopped running the roller coaster at a decent hour, so we were able to get a good night's sleep every night (not that a person sleeps much in Vegas!).  Great selection of restaurants and bars here as well.My only complaint was that the folks next door ordered room service, and the room service cart was left in the hall for almost 2 whole days.We will definitely consider staying here again when we come back.
3	The NY NY is actually a really cool casino to spend time in, and I'm surprised to say that. I was half expecting a tacky, faux-type tribute to New York, but the bright lights, brick village walkway with New York pizza shops and general charm of the place won me over. I did appreciate the open-air feeling of it, as too much smoke can definitely be a problem. Bonnie managed to drag me onto the Manhattan Express - a monster of a roller coaster and my first upside down ride of any kind. It was terrible. Which means, for roller coaster fans, it was great.The circular bar in the center of the floor was nice, but understaffed, as we waited quite a bit for our drinks, refills, and our check. Overall though, a nice place to spend some time gaming. The dealers were friendly, except for one younger hot shot who had a chip on his shoulder.
3	I stayed here for 2010 CES.  You know what, I like this place.  It is clean, and doesn't reek of smoke.
4	This place is one of the favorites when I have no choice but to dive into the fishbowl we call the strip. The New York New York has the pretty cool places to grab a quick drink or a fast slice of pizza if you are hungry. There seems to be a lesser percentage of Douche bags in this place. The ESPN Zone is okay if you are wanting to catch some sports and grab something to grind on.. This casino is also pretty centralized and has easy parking.. This is also a pretty good place for us people watchers, they have seating outside of all the small cafes..... Enjoy!
2	To start cocktail service in the casino is crap! By comparison Mandalay bay, their sister property is amazing! Rooms are OK, beds uncomfortable and shower tight. Down stairs in NYC restaurant area had nice atmosphere, service there was better. Slots were tight, compared to Mandalay bay.. Over all Mandalay bay their sister hotel is a much better value. More bang for your buck!
4	I took the beautiful Carin S. (my lovely mom) on a mother and daughter trip to Vegas. Holy crap we had fun! I'm surprised Vegas is still standing after our trip. New York New York was wonderful and I'd sure stay there over and over again! We checked in fairly quickly considering it was peak time and spring break. When we got to our room I was amazed! The view was great and the room was very modern. I could have easily spent the weekend relaxing in the room. But this is Vegas, so of course we didn't. After we polished off a bottle of champagne we were off to the casino to give away our money. With a good buzz, I falsely felt lucky and donated my money to the starving casino fund. I have to say I had such a blast doing it that I didn't even mind! And lets get to the yelpers favorite part of places...The FOOD! Greasy New York style pizza, Starbucks, a really great Mexican restaurant, and room service! OH MY! My fat kid was blushing with all the choices. I have to recommend the pizza the most. It was a great way to start a night of drinking with my mom. All in all we had a blast, lost a few bucks, but made some great memories. New York New York was a wonderful hotel/casino and I'd stay there again in a heart beat!
4	It's Vegas, so it's very hard to expect too much. However, I give NYNY 4 stars because 1) Free self-parking on site; 2) Excellent customer service - all hotel employees were VERY nice; 3) The room was extremely clean and nice and 4) it's proximity to MGM Grand.We had a regular room and it wasn't super big or anything, but we weren't in the room much so it didn't matter. There wasn't a refridgerator, mini bar, hair dryer or coffee maker for those who are wondering. I had read yelp reviews before so I knew that going in. There are a couple of different places downstairs to get coffee, including Strabucks. The Starbucks line was always very long, but there's another little stand around the corner that will serve your coffee fix without the huge line.The Club - The Rok absolutely SUCKED. It's tiny. We only went in for one drink and left. We aren't big club people, but thought we'd try it. We literally couldn't move anywhere. It's super small and they overpack it (like most Vegas clubs) and the scene wasn't that cool at all.You can walk across a bridge to MGM grand and hit up studio 54 or their casino, which is quite a bit nicer. The sportsbook at NYNY is terrible - virtually no seating and the TVs are sky high, which will give you a neck ache by the end of a game. You're better off walking to MGM.Overall though, a nice place to stay for a reasonable price.
1	I actually didn't stay in the hotel but I am actually reviewing the rollercoaster. First of all, the roller coaster is really expensive, aro $14. It seems like the coaster is always busy. Let me spare you the time and DO NOT RIDE THIS COASTER. I have ridden many coasters in my life and this is by far the roughest. Not smooth at all. I hurt my shoulder also. I heard 3 other people complain about headaches. The coaster looks cool from the outside but BEWARE.
4	A very cool hotel.  It is big and has a fun roller coaster.
2	I like the concept of New York New York - but the housekeeping keeps me from staying there when I visit Vegas.NYNY is one of my favorite hotels to walk around due to all the little "streets" in the hotel. It's confusing to get around, but I think the theme of the hotel is a lot of fun. There's also a lot of reasonably priced places to eat mid-day when you don't feel like spending a lot of time and money on lunch.My peeve with this place is the housekeeping. EVERY night, we placed the "Do Not Disturb" sign on the door, and EVERY morning between 8:00 - 9:00, housekeeping would bang on the door and wake us up. It is NOT acceptable to wake someone up that early in Vegas! We won't be going back.
4	The companion and I were planning out first trip to Las Vegas just a few weeks ago. I narrowed our hotel choices down to just a few based on reviews: The Mirage, The Flamingo, and New York New York.I chose NYNY because it looked the most exciting and had a fairly good location as well as by far the lowest price of the good hotels. We booked the rooms (three days, two nights) and started packing.Arrival was a little irritating, unlike most hotels where you park out front and go in for a quick registration, you have to actually go around back, park, then walk all the way down to the front desk. A minor inconvenience and I can see how the valet area would get packed quickly, but still unintuitive. When we got to the front desk we chatted a bit with the girl checking us in. My limitless charm netted us a free upgrade from the Skyline to the Park Avenue Deluxe. What a sweetheart!When we got to the room we were instantly impressed and amazed with the quality of it all. The marble tiled bathroom, enormous bathroom, great view. It was fantastic. I highly recommend the Park Avenue as the minimum choice for staying here. Even if it isn't a free upgrade it's well worth the small price premium.Other amenities were nice. The spa gave a great massage and had great features, the restaurants we ate at (Chin Chin, Gallagher's, and Gonzalez Y Gonzalez) were actually really good, and the overall upkeep seemed really great. We also watched Zumanity which I highly recommend.I am very happy I chose NYNY as my hotel for my first trip to Vegas. That coupled with the choice to go during the week (Tues-Thurs) netted us an amazing experience that wasn't diluted with the weekend party crowd and seas of people flooding the streets. I highly recommend NYNY, and I'm sure I'll stay here again in the future.
3	I guess it is fitting that a casino based on New York City, it is nearly impossible to navigate through it. The casino and the hotel as a whole is very hard to navigate, especially with a few drinks in you. Each historic tower of New York City, which has been reincarnated are the rooms that make up the hotel. However, unlike most hotels where the elevators for each section of the hotel are close together, the elevators at this hotel are spread out. The rooms themselves are a little awkward, the normal rooms are a bit small. There were two of us in our room and sometimes when we walked past the bed closet to the window, one of us sometimes would scrap or bang our knee into the entertainment center. Ironically the bathroom in the room was huge and very nice. It almost seemed that the money was spent on the bathroom and not on the rooms. The standard rooms are best suited for a one-person party or a couple's weekend. I have stayed in what is known as the Broadway Deluxe room that is a little bit larger, I would recommend spending the extra money to have a more comfortable room. The customer service, however, is very helpful. I receive offers from the resort on what seems like a weekly basis and it is nice when you call them that they will go over all of the offers with you and let you know which offer is the best.  The pool is not very large and the roller coaster goes above it so if you are bothered by noise, it could bother you.  But one thing that I did like at the pool was that the cabanas are only around $100, which is a good deal. The casino itself is large and offers a wide range of games. I am a blackjack player and have really never done well at NYNY nor know anyone who has ever done well. Once in a while you get a good game of Craps, but that is about it. However, if you plan to do any gambling there, I strongly suggest the sports book. The restaurants at the resort at mediocre at best and can be downright bad. Gonzalez Y Gonzalez made half of my party sick. The ESPN zone is like any other sports bar that has mediocre food. Nathan's is not bad but you know what you are getting. The nightlife with Coyote Ugly is fun but the venue itself is small and when it gets crowded, you may not have any room to breathe. Rok is fun if you are a fan of rock music, which I am so I enjoyed the place more. But be prepared to pay, even girls, at the door.   I also do not like valet parking system they have, instead of giving your ticket to a person, you check in at a machine and more than once that the machine lose my parking ticket and had to wait up to 45 minutes to get my car back. Overall, it is not the worst place to stay in Vegas, but it is for sure not the best.
3	After making several trips to Vegas with friends and family, I decided to give a try by making my two night stay at the NY NY the last weekend of March.  I've always had the urge to stay here every time I visited Vegas--from the outside, it looks awesome, and everytime I walk passed it, looks like a really fun place to play/drink/eat.LocationNY NY is located a little south of the main four (Ceasars/Ballys/Paris/Bellagio) yet it's not so bad of a location if you're trying to get to the south end as well as the north end.  The tram out of the MGM (just a walk over the bridge) is an easy ride for the day.  It's also relatively close to the airport, which can be somewhat helpful.Check InChecking into the hotel was very fast.  Having the advantage of the "guest-invited line," it did save some time from standing in line.  My requests were all honored at that time as well--high floor, away from the rollar coasters, and a view.  Not bad.  9/10RoomsThe distance from the elevators of the 24th floor to the rooms was SOOO far!  It definitely didn't help when my friends and I were a bit drunk! :p  It's like walking through a maze.  Not very pleasant.  Once we got to the room though, I was fairly impressed.  It's got everything we needed--beds/tv/safety box...but I will complain that the bathroom door lock was broken.  Didn't bother to call maintenence b/c only there for a few days though.  It was overall--clean and well-kept.  In all, who cares how the room looks....only there to pass out and shower right?Casino FloorQuite spacious and a good choice of machines.  Could be winner's first luck!  Not too smokey.  Not gigantic which makes it easy to navigate the floor easily.Restaurants/BarsDidn't dine out at the restaurants however made a food stop at Nathan's!  Sooooo goood!!!Overall experienceI would return back to the NY NY.  The rooms were comped and the location isn't so bad.  Next time, I will be requesting for a room closer to the elevators.  Other than that, no complaints!
1	Blech.
5	Love it!
5	You know its funny because I really dislike the city of New York....but I really have enjoyed myself (ALOT) everytime I have come here. The resturants are great (and lots of em) the gambling is fun (helps that I won) and the bars here are even pretty damn good. Maybe is just the excessive goofy level of fake-vegas feel this place has too...It still confuses me how I like this place so much.... maybe the real NYC needs to take some hints from NY NY haha
3	I was excited to stay at New York-New York for the first time ever, as it was one of the more noticeable theme hotels on the strip when I first visited Vegas.  Though, in an amazing location, this hotel it generally average, and some things just plain annoyed me.We booked on Priceline, arriving to find that we were given a room with two queens, as there was no king option available....oh well. Our friends, who had already booked a king suite, were also denied.  I was further annoyed when I saw that my credit card had been charged a $349 deposit for our 3-night stay which would cover "incidentals" and would be otherwise fully refunded.  Well, I have no idea which incidentals they were talking about, as we were refused when we tried to charge our poolside drinks to the room, stating that we had not arranged with the desk to do so.  Further, our room came without a fridge, and they tried to ask for $30 per night to rent one.  We refused, and they still gave us the fridge.  The maid service was fine, except that they called each day at 1:00 PM stating that they could not clean the room because the "Do Not Disturb" sign was still on the door, which is fine, but a little early to decide they cannot clean the room at all. The final annoyance is that we constantly heard the roller coaster from the room, but it wasn't too loud.On the bright side, our room overlooked the pool, which makes for a nice view.  As I said, the location is convenient, and there is a bakery downstairs right at the elevator, perfect for hangover breakfasts.  We checked in and out quickly and easily, and there was never much of a wait at the elevators.All in all, it is not bad, but I'd prefer to pay a bit less and stay somewhere else, or a bit more and stay somewhere nicer.
3	We prepaid for our room over the phone, but when we got there in person they told us that prepaying didn't guarantee us a nonsmoking room, or a deluxe room, like we had wanted and paid for- those rooms have a view, and are away from the roller coaster, it just guaranteed us a room.  They really should tell people that upfront.  So we got to our "non smoking room" and it was so smoky it gave us both a headache after 5 minutes, so we went back downstairs, which from where we were was a trek, and got a different room, at the very end of a very long hallway.  When we finally were able to settle, the room was nice.As for the rest of the hotel, I didn't find their service through the casino or at the restaurants great. It was nice that they offer a service to hold you luggage if you're checking out, but not flying home right away, and they did offer late check out which is almost a must in Vegas, both which were free services.  Would I stay again?  Maybe.
3	New York City was my second home growing up, so naturally I figured it would be cool to stay at NY, NY in Vegas the last time I went. Like most people, I just need a place to crash when I'm in Vegas. If you get a good deal, then NY, NY is for you. But if you spend any significant amount of time in the hotel where you stay, I would look elsewhere.The room service is fine, the rooms are adequate, but that's about where it ends. There are a good number of kids (read: real kids like 12 years old, not 20-somethings) here, it's not as bad as Excalibur, but it's close (they have a sizable video game room on the second floor). The clubs are lame to say the least and it has got positively the worst sports book I've even seen in Vegas. If you're trying to place a bet on your way to dinner, it's fine, but to watch anything for real? Go to Luxor or pretty much any other hotel in the vicinity. The casino is half decent though, I genuinely enjoyed myself there.I'm giving it 3 stars because as a hotel it's reasonable, but I won't be staying here again because it's Vegas and mediocre doesn't cut it in Vegas.
3	Spa in the room was nice, but the beds aren't comortable, and the pillows were like rubber. Casino is smokey compared to other places.
4	Very big casino. Clean rooms.  Moderately priced. Location is OK. It's on an extreme end of the strip. Takes about 12 minutes to walk to Belagio, Ceasar's etc.  1 mile away.  The theme is NY city so there are a ton of little deli's and chinese restaurants and pizza stands etc.  Cool place.However, they had no problem taking my money at the dice table at 4 AM on my way back in from the bar.
4	Good hotel/casino to crash at out in Vegas. Nice location. Across from the MGM and near all the cool shit on the strip.Got a chance to catch the show Zumanity... That was sexy!!! That roler coaster was one of the best I've ridden. I'll ride that ride every time I go to Vegas. Left my neck sore the next day but I don't care :)
3	our room had a view of a wall! we barley saw any daylight! but the room was clean and cheap.  there are a lot of places to eat and grab a quick snack
4	It was my honey's bday and surprised him with a Vegas adventure. I booked with NYNY because the location was primo and the price was not as ludicrous in comparison to the Wynn, Venetian, etc. for Memorial Day weekend. We arrived in Vegas at 3pm on Friday. We were afraid there would be a slew of people at check-in for the holidays. Luckily, there was no line, and the lovely desk lady quickly checked us in, upgraded us to a nicer room with a view for $15 extra, provided us info on things to do around the place, and gave us coupons for 2 complimentary drinks and shopping discounts around the NYNY hotel.We went up to the rooms. OK. They aren't Wynn quality or anything like that. But the place was clean, spacious enough, and had all the basic amenities you need (AND free water! A must in Vegas!). It did not come with a mini fridge though, so forget about bringing back food. AND, I did notice the cable channels SUCKED. Very little channels. The NYNY commercials were cheesy and adult oriented. More class please! What if kids were flicking through the channels???Anyhoo. Aside from that, we had free access to the pool and fitness center. I didn't swim in the pool, but it looked big and nice. I did go to the fitness center. It had everything you needed to get a good workout. Cardio machines, free weights, weight machines, mats, balls, etc. It also came with additional free amenities like bottled water, headphones, and the cardio machines came with your own TV. The views were nice because it overlooked the pool. I really enjoyed that part of the hotel. Additionally, for an extra $10, hotel guests can get get access to the spa amenities such as: jacuzzi, steam room, treats, etc.Overall, I think the stay was pretty nice. It wasn't a 5-star experience, but the atmosphere, freebies, and price made it a good 4 star rating.
3	The room was small, but clean and they took a lot of walking to get to from the elvator. Bathroom was nice and clean as well. The theme itself isn't bad, it felt more targeted to the under 30 crowd and families. Has a floor of arcade games and attractions and a roller coaster, but not as kiddish as circus circus or Excalibur.  NYNY lacks any decent shopping, and it's the only hotel on the strip with no buffet (which i don't care about since I went to the bellagio one). It's too far on the side of the strip, and not the good side. Honestly if you're staying in Vegas for 1 or two nights I'd rather just get the cheapest room possible and spend the money elsewhere, since really you will only be sleeping there. I probably complaining because we paid too much for memorial day weekend, it wasn't a bad expereience nor was it great - just not worth the money. IMO if you want to stay at a decent hotel I'd spend a little more OR suck it up and spend a lot less on sleeping and more on fun!
4	This is another one of the older hotels in Vegas that has a cool theme to it.  It's supposed to resemble new york city of course so as the hotel becomes outdated and nasty looking the more it looks like the real new york.On my last trip out to Vegas we stayed here for a couple of nights.  I liked the room a lot since there was a jacuzzi in the middle of the room.  When the showers got backed up I just jumped in and took a bath!It's not perfect but still has a place in my heart. Plus they have a roller coaster out front!
4	NY  to those who knows vegas is a great easy on the pocket  friendly hotel.   Your pocket book determines the level of service and thus the hotel but regulars love NYNY.   Recently the clientele has changed to more younger generation and bit louder than I (50) would like but  still its all good.    If u r driving  there is no easier place to go in/out than NY.   who wants to drive through the crazy strip on wknds...  Easy access to MGM or to excali., plenty of affordable foods, all the types of gaming and machines you would ever want.  great arcade for kids, very friendly staff and hosts especially @ high limits.  Bar @ high limits has awesome gorgeous bartenders who will treat u like a vip .Rooms at NY is very unique.  they have sooo many diverse rooms and suites because of way it was built.   I've stayed at all the high end hotels but at the end i always return to NY because its my home away from home.
3	The decor is reminiscent of the NYC I knew in the 80's which is sad. So sad. Kinda cheesey, dark and drab. I was happy since I won some cash and then a purple monkey at the Coney Island style carnival games. Then they were introducing the Absolut Brooklyn vodka, which is flavored with apples and ginger, at the outdoor pub which had a live alternative rock band playing. Dancing with the monkey on my shoulders + drink + good live music = me likey.
4	This was my first time staying here! As I checked in I was offered a upgrade Park Avenue at the 25th floor. My room was also near the elevator so I had save some time. The room was good. It was a bit neat but enjoyed it. I didn't dine at the hotel but ate somewhere else. I wasn't satisfied that there wasn't a buffet. I had to walk from NY NY to Excalibur eat there. The arcade was a bit bad because the employees seem to say bad words so I wasn't happy with that. The worker are like "Uhhh can we have break now.. I hate going from here to there.." It seems that I can't access the elevators floor 30-36.... It said that you need a card key but it didn't work......Overall Exp.........4        Rooms..........4.5   Location: 5Food....................N/A
4	Came here on a thanksgiving weekend. To me, this is a four star hotel. This is located on the strip. Inside the casino are cool they have a New York theme and also there's a club called ROK inside the hotel. Room is very good and very comfortable. We piad $100/per night which is very decent price. They also have a gym inside the hotel i get to work out for an hour. The swimming pool is big and they have a roller coaster on the top floor which is cool. I'd like to go back here someday but i have to try other hotels( planet hollywood, and maybe belagio)
4	We didn't stay at the hotel but we sure spent a lot of time here. We saw Zumanity here the first night the BF and I were in Vegas. We came early to eat & gamble before the show. We were gonna go to ESPN zone but its closed now. Instead we grabbed a quick slice of pizza at Siriccos and it was awesome! They have NY style pizza & Sicilian and it was cheap and delicious. They also serve draft beer & other italian food. We also ate at the mexican food place here the next night I got the carnitas and the BF got chicken fajitas. The carnitas were good and the BF liked the fajitas. We gambled a bit here and had a good time didn't win any money but we expected that much. They have a bunch of little eateries here like pizza, burgers, fish n chips, stadium food. They also have restaurants like an irish pub & more. The decor is really cute and the hotel just seemed really laid back. This actually ended up being my favorite place after exploring Excalibur, Luxor, Caesars, Planet Hollywood, Tropicana, Ballys & Paris. When we come back to Vegas I think we'll probably stay here for the laid back atmosphere and good little eateries.
5	I have been making annual trips to Vegas for the past ten years, and I have never failed to visit this place for a slice of pizza.  I typically order the classic thin crust cheese pizza with a Coors, and I am always extremely  satisfied.
1	We came here w/ friends for a weekend.  We would not return.  Room - Don't bother staying here!  You can spend only a bit more and stay at a much nicer hotel.  The "non-smoking" room smelled like an ashtray, the tv only worked intermittently, and housekeeping knocked on the door at 8 am despite the privacy sign on the doorknob.  Nothing seemed very clean.  Comfort Inn would have been a step up.  Casino - Two things happened within about 5 minutes of playing:  1)  a friend was told to "hurry up" when throwing the dice at the craps table (and he had taken all of 10 seconds... not an unreasonable length of time!), and 2) when the two of us (one playing, one watching) ordered cocktails, we were told that I wouldn't be served unless I bought some chips and played.  I have never heard that before, and I didn't hear it again during this trip at any other casino.  Very odd.  Il Fornaio - We had salads, pasta, and steak - all were good.  Zumanity - Worth seeing (just stay elsewhere).
4	We stayed at the nearby Monte Carlo but kept coming over here because the scene was much more lively with the singing at the Bar at Times Square and other things going on.  Lots of traffic flowing thru too so we stayed and played the slots.  And just like earlier in the year when we came here, the waitresses were pretty good at finding us and hitting us with the "free" drinks.    Also yelling from the rollercoaster as it slides in from the track outside make for a loud but fun feeling place.  Too bad they closed down the ESPN place though.
4	Although, we didn't stay here. We came here to play and eat and let me tell you this place had a lot more going on then the Luxor which is where we stayed (borrrring!). We had dinner at the sit down Italian place which wasn't the best but was pretty decent. I got the Asparagus bisque and a huge salad. My table ordered a pretty good pizza and some seafood pasta dish to share. I thought it was well worth it and satisfying. This hotel can be a bit overwhelming though with the over the top trying to look like New York feel, and the amount of kids running around loosely without parents. Other than that, it was a good time.
4	My first time in Vegas had a buddy and I staying here.  Overall, a very nice hotel with a great casino.  In fact, it is one of my favorite casino's of those we walked through.It was very easy to get free drinks here, even playing the penny slots.  The tables weren't overly busy, and I had a spot whenever I wanted it really at blackjack.The food was very average though.  The Rainforest Cafe over at the MGM was far superior to anything here, and the breakfast at the America restaurant was downright terrible.Another downside was the room.  It was apparently an upgraded room, but it was a bit dirty with long black hair in both the shower and the toiler.  Decent enough beds I suppose.I would stay here again, because of the good casino and closeness to the MGM which is a really cool place.
4	Loves it.I also had hair in my sink too. *shrug*
4	Got a deal for $59/night for the weekend this past January. It was definitely worth it! The room was nice, everything worked. Rok was kind of small and bouncers were kind of snooty. Casino was cool. Dealers were helpful during lessons.
2	I want to love this place.  I really do.  But time and time again my experience at this hotel is a disappointment.Let me start with the good:Zumanity!  Love this Circ de Soleil show located at NYNY.  Such a fun show with amazing energy by some awesome performers.  Definitely a must see if you're in Vegas.  Plus it's one of the only Circ shows you can find some great discounts for if you look around.The Theme: As a former Manhattan resident I love the New York theme from the hotel shaped like NY skyscrapers, to the little Greenwich village inside the casino with restaurants and shops.Location: Great location on the strip with easy access to MGM, Mandalay Bay, and City Center.Now on to the not so goodThe room: The rooms here are tiny and drab.  Plus because of the layout of the hotel it's usually a hike from the elevator to your room.  The air conditioner in our room seemed pretty weak, which left our room HOT, even with it running on "high."  In the middle of summer in Las Vegas you do not want to be sleeping on top of the sheets and blankets still sweating balls.  Also the walls are extremely THIN.  Every morning at 5:00 am I could hear the lady in the room next door talking on the phone.  And I mean, I could hear her entire conversations.  Not very conducive to sleep when you were out late.The Pool: The pool is way to small for the size of the resort.  Also there are not enough chairs around so you usually end up without one.  And it's a BORING pool.  Nothing exciting about it.  The drinks are overpriced which is to be expected, but they are also extremely WEAK.Prices: The rooms are about on par with the Excalibur in my mind, but the prices are usually double.  You're better off staying there than at NYNY.  The $12.95 resort fee is ridiculous, as is $14 for one ride on the roller-coaster, and $5 for a hot dog at Nathans.  I have never tried any of the other restaurants here so can't comment on them.Bottom line: definitely check out the NYNY while you're in Las Vegas, but spend your money elsewhere.
4	DETAILED REVIEW:We had a decent room. It was whatever. Nothing spectacular. Big-back TV, wardrobe instead of closets, 1990s style bathrooms. Whatever right?Our room was near the elevators - view of the pool, the Monte Carlo and all of Las Vegas city. Non smoking room, only faintly smelled of cig smoke. A/C worked too good. We were freezing at night but turning it off would have killed us. It was 104 F at midnight! I know it was the middle of July but when the sun goes down and there's no reprieve of the heat - you're doomed. The mirrors in the bathroom were not cleaned. The steam from my shower revealed a message to a partygirl long gone. "Lisa, meet us at Piano. Dress slutty." Our maid Rosalina came in knocking on Sunday at 830. WTF? She goes, "You're still here? Oh! When are you leaving?" I'm like, "Lady, get out of my room... I'm not wearing any pants!" It was pitch black in our room, that should've been the first indicator that we were still sleeping. Rosalina apologized and backed out of the room. I left her a tip worthy of that stunt. I didn't realize my room came with free drinks. The coupons are located in the envelope your room keys come in. They're good until the end of the year. Wi-Fi was good. No problems with that. There's a tax on the resort fee... one for each day you stay there. I would've appreciated a newspaper at my door but oh well, it ain't the Hilton.We didn't use the pool - that's next time.
4	NYNY has made a fan out of me. I was very skeptical of this hotel due to the type of clientele that some of the attractions entice. (Coyote Ugly, ESPN Zone, Arcade area on 2nd floor, Mediocre restaurants) but after a lot of research (on Yelp and other sites), we decided to give it a try. Luckily due to the crappy economy, there are a LOT of hotels offering killer rates, especially for the Sunday - Thursday crowd. NYNY was offering free upgrades to the Spa Suite including a bunch of coupons for drinks, food, and BOGOs. Also, the Spa at NYNY was offering a deal: 2 50 minute treatments for $170 which is about $70 off of the regular price. ALSO, Zumanity tickets were 40% off. Signs pointed to stay at NYNY this trip and give them a shot. Check in was a breeze. Arriving on Sunday is great. No crowd at all at the front desk. We got our keys, went to our elevator which was very close to the front desk, and went to our room. We walked in and it was BIG! Huge picture windows overlooking the pool and 1st drop of the roller coaster, Big flat screen on the wall, Huge Kingsized bed with footside bench, Roomy bathroom with walk in shower and big shower head, and the coup de grace, the elegant Hot tub for 2 with all kinds of mirrors surrounding it. Lots of stuff in one room but there was still enough room to run around, do cartwheels, whatever you fancy. It really is a nice room with modern decor and a lot of space. Too much space almost. It seemed like a chore to walk all the way to the front to answer the door for the bellhop who brought our bags up, but I complain in sheer jest. First order of business? Test that hot tub out! It had one of those cascading water spouts that pour into the tub. After about 10 minutes, I finally realized that it wasn't filling up and I had to close the drain. Duh. It took around 20 minutes to fill and we were ready to dive in. We actually took a shower first because we didn't want to soak in dirty water. Must be the Japanese in us. Once in, it was nice. 2 little seats to enjoy the jets. Very very very nice way to start our vacation. Also, you would think that it would get a little musty in the room that has a hot tub in it, but the venting system was very good and it didn't stink at all. Good job to the engineer for that job! We decided to get a drink at Pour 24 because they boasted a large beer tap inventory. 24 I presumed. We sat at the bar and got 16 oz pours of Moosedrool Brown Ale and Abita Purple Haze. Both were very good beers. We also had the Rogue Stout and the Blue Moon Honey Wheat. All were good and will be reviewed more deeply in Pour 24's dedicated Yelp. :) After getting a good buzz, we decided to go pick up our tickets for Zumanity at Will Call and also make reservations for dinner at Gallagher's. We didn't want to walk outside the hotel for the night and Gallagher's was the best option for this hotel. Both Gallagher's and Zumanity will be reviewed separately as well. Good for both though. Next day was our Spa treatments in the morning. Great experience. Review to follow as well. Same goes for the pool. Not huge but a great atmosphere. Perfectly crowded on a Monday afternoon. After a great dinner at L'Atelier at MGM (highly recommended) we came back to some leisurely gambling at NYNY. They have a good assortment of everything for every budget. I stayed in the high roller area just to kill time (yeah right) We headed up to the arcade area to check it out. Wow, still a bunch of loud and obnoxious teenagers running around at 11pm. Bleh. Decided to grab a slice of NY pizza and Nathan's hot dog and head up to the room for the night. Both were delish BTW. Check out was a breeze. BTW, everything is payable via room card so you don't need to carry around your wallet except for gambling and such. Great system. No employees acting skeptical as to how to charge the room or anything. Very professional. I didn't meet one employee that I didn't like. Like I stated above, NYNY has changed my mind about staying here. I still wouldn't come here if I wasn't staying here, but I would definitely come here to stay. Spa Suite or better only according to the other reviews.
5	Clean rooms and on the strip.  I love the theme.  One thing:  You have to step up high into bathtub/shower combo.
4	I like this place alot. Trying to go to all the casino's on the strip made me leave this one. For late night it had good live music going on.
2	We stayed here for our wedding. The biggest disappointment for me was no coffee in the room, and nothing opens downstairs until 6. We're early risers anyway, but we also had a morning wedding to get us going, so good coffee early is important. I thought every hotel and motel nowadays had coffee in the room, or at least a good cafe open 24/7.
4	New York, New York took my wife and I's Vegas virginity away from us back in August of 2006. It was hotter than hell that week! 110 to 118 the whole time we were there!This is one of the last themed hotels on the strip. We had a great time at this hotel. The roller coaster was fun but made me sick. Everyone who worked at the hotel was very nice and pleasant. Our room was clean and comfortable and had a great view of the mountains. Those were the most beautiful sunrises and sunsets I have ever seen!My only two complaints are that our room was right near the roller coaster which made it hard to sleep at times and the fact that this hotel is far from all the action in the middle of the strip. (Wynn, Caesars, Bellagio etc) You are also around all of the "porn slappers" and the people that try to get you to take timeshare tours.All and all a solid place to stay while in Vegas.
5	On our trip to Vegas we visited all the lush casinos and hotels. They were often extravagant in a Vegas way...and they were all kind of cheesy.  None of them impressed us more than NYNY. New York isn't exactly exotic, or perhaps my first choice for a theme, but I thought the hotel was beautifully done and the theme was much more prominent than any other hotel we visited. Our room had an amazing view of the end of the strip. The room itself was nothing amazing, but it had a very nice touch of class, and was a good place to lay our heads between trips to the casinos--and certainly wasn't badly priced considering the alternatives.  The hotel is just a convenient walk away from the monorail behind MGM.  The casino was large and dark, with bright neon signs everywhere- echoing the look of Times Square.  NYNY is also known for its miniature Statue of Liberty- which is fun to take pics with- and fullsize rollcoaster. The casino itself had a gorgeous bar in the center, and the tables were always hot.  We met a very nice couple one night that taught us how to play (and win!) in blackjack, and it quickly became my favorite game.  The vibe was fun and not stuffy like the Belagio or Paris. The buy-ins were usually comparable to hotels around us, if not lower (exluding Hooters).Overall, it was a very memorable hotel and a trip I will never forget.
4	The theme is very well integrated through the hotel and casino. Unlike some casinos which have a theme for their lobby, or shops, but have a boring/drab casino, NY NY seemed integrate its casino floor into the New York theme which I enjoyed.If you do your homework and pull some strings you can usually get some free drinks and other coupons with your reservation.For the money we got a great room with a view of the airport (awesome because I'm a plane buff) and the strip. I'd definitely come back.
3	I had two free nights here and it worth every penny! Well, I still had to pay $14 a night for "resort fee" which basically translate as internet service. But still this was a good value.Rooms are small but comfortable and quiet. The hotel layout is quite strange as it has to accommodate the pretend NYC skyline outside. Because of that, you may walk quite a bit to get to your room. There is no buffet here, so if that is what you like about Vegas go elsewhere.
5	I dont know what the rooms are like because we didnt stay here, but the decor of the place was really cool. I love how they have it set up. We stayed at the Wynn and they didnt have much in the way of 'normal food'. There was all kinds of it here. Wish we found this place earlier in the week when we just wanted to eat a burger or something cheapish and ended up with a pricey mediocre buffet. We went to see Zumanity here and ate at the steakhouse Gallagher. It was all awesome. More our crowd at Newyork newyork than the pretentious Wynn we stayed at.
1	I didn't stay here but when we walked in to check it out, all I could think was - cheeeeeeeeeeeap! The casino had a strong cigarette smoke smell that I couldn't shake and the crowd was definitely different from the one seen at the Wynn. Yes, if in Vegas, you should definitely do a walk-through, but I wouldn't stay there. Sound bougie, but it's the truth!
1	The absolute worst time I've had in Vegas. Don't get me wrong, the rooms are pretty nice, we got a great view ($20 goes far at check in). However,  A bartender at the center bar refused to help my gf  play a machine, then proceeded to charge her for the the drink she ordered ( shoulda been comped due to her play) . He the proceeded to tell her to "grow up" and "welcome to Vegas". After speaking to three managers who didn't know their ass from a hole in the ground who continually offered us free drinks and had nothing else to tell us, we finally made a written statement on some classy yellow legal ruled paper provided by the beverage manager. If I wanted inept management and horrible service I would have stayed at the motel 6 in San Diego. Customer service should be their goal, not an afterthought.
3	Great place to walk around didn't spend much time in the CASINO part, but the roller-coaster is FUN.
4	After searching for good deals for weeks, the bf and I finally decided on NYNY due to the good reviews.  We were not disappointed.  =)Parking was easy to find.  However, they have drivers roll down their windows before entering into the parking lot due to the possibility of inspection.  I didn't see any other hotel do this, so it was a bit of a puzzlement on what they were hoping to do by stopping cars, especially when it led to backup traffic.  Check-In was simple.  We already had our rooms reserved, and we were able to get our Park Avenue room with a king-size bed and nonsmoking with no problems.  We also booked the room for Mon-Thurs, so this might have had an affect on which rooms we had.I loved the consistency of the theme of NYNY through every part of the hotel.  When we visited the other hotels, I didn't see the consistency as much.  Then again, a them of "New York" should be more easily updated than with other hotels...Room: 5 stars!  Clean clean clean clean clean.  My bf and I absolutely loved our room.  The a/c worked (o thank goodness), the sheets were clean clean (which meant I didn't even do as thorough of a UV light cleaning like I would normally do :p  ), the furniture was stylish, and the entire floor was non-smoking.  I had previous experiences in other hotels where they didn't segregate the non-smoking from the smoking rooms very well, and I, with my sensitive senses, could not stomach the smell.  So, I was very happy with our room/floor.  One of the negative things was the bathroom.  You REALLY have to lift up your legs to get into the tub/shower.  There were more than a few times where I nearly tripped and fell into the tub because I was trying to get into it...  By the way, the TV channels weren't that great.  Best thing I found on TV was probably PBS.  No minifridge or microwave, but that's the same with the majority of the hotels on the strip.  We anticipated this and brought our own ice chest and filled it up with the ice from the ice machines on the floor.  It worked great.  =)Didn't do room service, so can't comment on that.Walls were fairly thick, as we didn't hear our neighbors.  Doors not as thick.  Then again, drunk patrons are hard to ignore when they're loud in general.Lots of different foods on the first floor.  Hot dogs, deli sandwiches, ice cream, lots of drinks (it's Vegas), Italian restaurant, and American restaurant.  Probably lots of others I'm missing.This was the first time the bf and I went to Vegas together, with each of us not having been back in a decade.  So, we were disappointed that the penny slots were not actually penny slots.  All machines accept either cards or dollar bills, but no coins.  So, we didn't really gamble much.  Go to the America Restaurant.  We had the steak with crab legs dinner.  IT WAS AWESOME.  Steak cooked to the way we wanted it, the crab legs were huge, the baked potato was done right, and the appetizer of buffalo wings hit the spot.  And, the steak/crab legs was only $15 per meal.  It was seriously one of the best meals we've ever had.  One negative thing may be when we checked out and really saw all of the charges.  We were expecting the taxes and resort fees and the resort fee taxes, but it still made our hearts sink to see that those fees and taxes by themselves was basically an additional 20 a night on top of the room cost.  Still, it would have been the same in any hotel we stayed at on the strip.  For our 3 night stay, bill came out to around 200 dollars...Overall, very likely that we'll stay here again.  Compared to other hotels/casinos on the strip, NYNY was ventilated very well, and the smoke smell didn't really cling onto you.  Staff was courteous and helpful.  And, the room was awesome and better than I thought it would be.
1	If I could offer this place negative 10 stars, I would. My partner and I made the unfortunate mistake, more than once, of staying and NY NY. The first time was with my parents. They had our reservation completely wrong! They checked us into 2 smoking rooms with no strip view. Both my mother and I have health problems when it comes to smoke but that is not even the point! We booked 2 special packages, offered directly on NY NY's official website, that included strip view rooms that were NON smoking. I verified this with the clerk at check in and he rudely told us they were indeed nonsmoking. NY NY did move us to 2 rooms that were nonsmoking but they were on separate floors. That is not what we arranged when we booked our reservations. I completed an online survey about our stay later on and they actually offered us 2 nights free if we came back. My partner and I returned alone a couple of months later and it was an "OK" stay. During our second "free" stay we experienced HORRIBLE service at more than on of NY NY's food establishments. Many reviewers point out that NY NY's food options are not great. We chose to return a 3rd time because of NY NY's location and price several months later. This 3rd trip was THE WORST of all 4 stays. While we were there one of there house keeping staff walked into our room WITHOUT knocking. He was clearly in a hurry and and ran in to drop off pillows. We were not even up on a our feet before he was standing in the middle of our room. We jumped the moment we hear him coming in but he was going way too fast. When I reported this the manager on duty was completely rude. He actually tried to blame the situation on us! I later reported his conduct and was assured his manager would be contacting me. I waited one week to hear from them and then emailed them myself and competed their email survey, very honestly. Still nothing! POOR follow up! After I emailed the original contact from our first issue moths earlier, they offered us another 2 night stay and my partner and I sad "this is THE last shot." The general manager assured me that he would be at the front desk to greet us when we arrived and that our stay would be flawless. When we arrived, our reservations was completely wrong! After paying for flights and taking time off from work we arrive to find out that we would have a view of the parking garage and that our free stay was NOT free! They told us we would have to pay a resort fee! Unbelievable!!! After quite a long period of time at the front desk and meeting with yet another manager, the general manager emerged from some special place in their back office. He actually argued with me about the fee! Finally it was waived when I caused quite the scene in front of other customers. I will not stay at NY NY again and highly recommend you stay elsewhere if you wish to have privacy. Some will say we should have locked our door but we just stopped back into our room for 5-10 minutes to use the bathroom and then hit the strip again. If you value your hard earned money and wish to have a fun relaxing vacation where staff members are well mannered and trained to provide you quality service, DO NOT STAY AT NY NY. Try another hotel down the strip. Note: All of our troubles occurred between 9/09 and 5/10
3	MehhhhhhExpect a New York experience at New York, New York.Shouting people, crowded floors, rude service, no views and depending on what you do, an expensive experience. Think I'll stick to more lavish Hotels in Vegas if I'm looking to gamble my money away.
4	had a great experience gambling here, tables didnt cost much to play and the cocktail lady kept the drinks coming! One of the dealers at The pai gow tables was cute and fun to talk to while playing.
5	We got an email special for $44 a night and a Park Ave room which I was very pleased with. The deal came with 2-for-1 drinks and coaster rides but i think everyone gets those coupons anyway.  Loved the decor, the bathroom wasn't anything special but no biggie. Bed was a little firm but not unomfortable. We had a partial strip/rollercoaster view. The pool isn't overly exciting but it is kinda cool looking up at the "skyscrapers" and having the rollercoaster whizzing by. Very family-oriented pool (only 3- and 4-feet deep, volleyball net).  Pretty good location but not as central as I always think it is. I would stay here again for a bargain, but I'm always wanting to stay at a new hotel each time so I probably won't come back anytime soon. Good coffee at Il Fornaio downstairs by the casino floor (and help yourself to the ice water they put out, very handy on a 110-F day!). Good people-watching at some of the slots near the escalator to Coyote Ugly and the passovers to the other hotels. I always want to go to the piano bar but it's always too packed.  I would give it a 6th star if I could because I left my iPhone charger in the room and thought it was long gone, but still called Lost and Found and they took my info and remembered to check the room when the new guests checked out and actually called me back saying they have it!!  And only charged me like $1.90 for shipping too.  Highly recommend overall.
4	Affordably priced and located in the most popular area of the Las Vegas strip, New York, New York is my go-to place when planning a quick getaway to Vegas for the weekend. You literally will never have to leave the hotel/casino! It offers a pub, a steakhouse, an Asian fusion buffet, two night clubs and a dueling piano bar. They also have cheaper food items like deli sandwiches, hot dogs and other diner food upstairs. Pros: Affordable, practically never need to leave the hotel, clean, great food and atmosphere, not a lot of children, located in an area of the strip that is easy to navigate around, free parking.Cons: TINY pool that seems like it was an afterthought, $15 a night amenities fee for a gym that is impossible to find (Seriously... I couldn't find it) and for wifi that doesn't work.Try the breakfast buffet at Chin Chin or a Tiramisu at the Greenwich Village Coffee House. Yummy!
4	So I am a vegas addict. I have stayed at most of the MGM properties. NYNY though, is near the top of my list. The park avenue rooms were very clean and seemed nicer (better decorated) than an average hotel anywhere else. The best part about this casino/hotel is that they have EVERYTHING. Not cheap and not glamorous, NYNY sits right in the middle. BUT it is always fun time. Dueling piano bar, those big frozen drinks, Rok night club, pizza 24 hours and a roller coaster. Lots of fun slot machines and more young people at this place. Plus there are some cute stores that sell NY themed gifts and stuff that are fun to look in. I would definitely recommend if you're looking for a hotel thats lots of fun, great location, fairly cheap and nicer rooms. Be warned, there is a daily resort fee that can jack up the price but if you're a players card member you should get decent deals on this hot hotel.
2	We booked this stay as Invited Guests through the Players Club. When we arrived, the invited Guests check-in was closed and we spent twenty minutes waiting in the general line. Our room type we'd reserved through our Player's Club invite was not available (we weren't told this however, we got to "discover" it when we walked into our room.) No accomodation was made for this (an upgrade? something to indicate that the property was sorry?), and although we were moved to the room type we'd reserved the following day; we had a beautiful view of a wall and a sliver of skyline. Poor form.Additionally, this property now seems to be overrun by the "Jersey Shore" crowd. Tons of drunken "Situations" wearing their Ed Hardey and pumping their fists while preying on the stumbling "Snookies" who are too drunk to walk in their ridiculous heels.
3	among the MGM/Mirage properties, i've stayed at 6.  my favorite hotel rooms in order have been MGM, Aria, Mirage,  Luxor,NYNY, Excaliber.  looking forward to someday trying Bellagio & TI.   NYNYrooms very nice.  comfy beds.  most user-friendly hotel shower i've experienced.  outstanding places to eat.  clean everywhere.  beautiful, exciting casino floor.  pleasant & abundant front desk staff.  well done gimmick. my dealbreaker:  understaffed beverage service.  got 1 drink within 30min after midnight on a monday.  at 1am tues, i played craps for 10min with no server; i angrily scanned the entire pit area & didn't see a single server anywhere.  i got a drink from the bar & out of curiosity, walked around the pit seeing if drink service was there--nope.  i later played a tight slot machine & received a drink.   true story: that tues night, i encountered 2 prostitutes offering their services & 1 waitress offering her services. within the past year,  i have found beverage service has become intolerable/neglectful at 3 MGM/Mirage properties:  Aria, Bellagio & now NYNY .  once again, an improper staff to customer ratio tells me owners are cheapskates who don't mind torturing their few employees, & soon-to-be few customers.  but thank you NYNY;  from now on, i will buy in, then loiter at the craps table until i have a comp bevie on the way, then i will make my first bet.    i believe understaffed drink service is a jinx, & i will enjoy pissing off the pitboss as i wait for the comp drinks.
4	I stayed here the last time that we went to Vegas. We got into Vegas extremely early (like 7:00 AM early) but thankfully when we got to the hotel they had our room ready and waiting for us. We were celebrating my Birthday and Mother's Day for my mom and the hotel manager sent us a note welcoming us to the hotel and saying if we needed anything just give them a call. We got to the room and it was exactly what I wanted (it was a room with a strip view). The room was large, clean and while it was a bit noisy with the roller coaster I wasn't upset about it (I knew what I was getting into checking into a hotel with a roller coaster). The hotel is located in a great location (right across from MGM Grand and Excalibur).Of course we didn't really stay in the room much but when we were there to sleep and shower it was nice. The beds were extremely comfortable and the shower/bathroom was great. The price is reasonable (I booked through their website) and the front desk employees were great. I'll more then likely go back there.
4	Bachelorette party weekend.. we got a suite at NYNY.  Matron-of-Honor got ziggurate (sp?) suite.Roomy, comfy, and awesome.  We had a view of the rollercoaster and a bit of the strip.. so that was nice.Honestly.. I only used the place to sleep.. we were out most of the time.. I can't really judge it other than.. it's a great place to rest my head at the end of a fun evening. I'd recommend a stay there.
4	Bf and I stayed here for 5 days last week and we had no problems... there were little things like no bathroom fan and high tub, but not a big deal. Friendly staff, good coupons, good shows and a good variety of places to eat.  The pool tends to get crowded, so you have to show up early to get a seat because they are first come first serve. When we finally made it down to the pool with decent seats, we walked away for a few mintues to get a drink only to come back to our stuff moved to another chair by 4 old cougars....apparantly they "went to the bathroom to change" but didnt leave anything on the seats to let people know it was occupied. I decided to be a lady and let them be since they were bitters old women anyway! ahahahaha. But if your willing, you can fight for your chairs cause it was hell finding seats after that! Luckilly the lifegaurd was really friendly and helped us find seats:)We also we to ROK vegas which was only ok because of the music (and music video playing on a huge panoramic screen) and me being drunk! Crowd sucked. They were lame and alot of people didnt dance... (uh?). There were also older people there too. wtf! lol If you happen to be walking around the casino there will be promoters giving away free entrance to ladies and reduced for guys ($10)Saw Zumanity too. A M A Z I N G! very intertaining. If you stay at NY NY you must see this show! They had a 2 show/$100 deal so take advantage. We got pretty good seats...maybe we were lucky!
3	I stayed here recently when I came for a friend's wedding.  The service was very friendly and helpful.  The room was spacious and faced the Strip.  When we checked in the woman at the front desk gave us a corner room on the 32nd floor and it was an awesome view.  We also had a blast in the Center Bar in the casino both nights we were there.  Definitely a great place to stay if you are on a budget and can get a deal from Vinnie!
4	This is a reasonable Strip hotel and was good value for the money. I got the rooms for less than $70 per night. The rooms are clean and modern, rather sparse. One of our friend complained that there is no coffee maker or fridge in the room but that didn't bother me. The bathroom was very nice - shower water pressure was EXCELLENT. The beds were very comfortable. We had booked 1 king and 1 queen room, but the girl at check-in recommended we switch to 2 queens so we didn't have roller coaster noise. We appreciated the suggestion and took the change. Overall this is a good hotel to sleep and handle the basics when you're not checking out the rest of the town!
4	Good friendly people working herePrice was not bad compared to other hotelsRooms were nice and cleanI stay here again
4	Enjoyed my stay here... It was summertime so Vegas was pretty booked. They gave us a room in the Empire Tower which was close to the front desk, pool entrance and gift/snack shop which worked out well. We also asked for a room close to the elevator and the lady that helped us booked us the 1st one you see out of the elevator... Very nice of her. Our room was decent sized and because it was a corner room, it allowed for us to get a roll-away bed to accommodate other people while leaving a good amount of room to still to navigate the space.The pool area was decent. Not very big, so you gotta stake your claim on a lounge chair quite early or just wait around for some people to leave. But it was a good time spent cause there's no too many people like other Vegas hotel pools... The roller coaster screams overhead from time to time but you'll get used to it. Good times...What I like about NYNY was that it had a lot of places to choose from as far as dining options go. Whether casual dining or something a little more special. I tried a fish & chips place that was pretty good except the wait was waay too long. They seemed understaffed so I tried to understand but as hungry as I was and I was buying food for my friends as well, the wait time (over 30 mins) was unacceptable. There's also a decent italian joint that has pizza/pasta dishes with waiter service.Valet was quick to get your car... Even as busy as they were. And you know how important this is during the Summer in Vegas. Proximity to the freeway on-ramp is a plus for NYNY. Whether you're headed back to McCarran Int'l airport or to Downtown LV, the freeway is a quick right turn after you leave the valet pick-up.I'd stay here again... Friendly staff, decent amenities, decent dining, good valet.
1	I would not recommend this hotel at any price, any rate. They have the WORST customer service of any hotel I have ever spoken with. I made a reservation in JUNE 2010 for reservations in OCT 2010, my rate was 105/night. Great! I called to see if I could change to sat/sunday night stay instead of friday/saturday night and was told that my new rate would be $250 per night. Seriously? I am staying the same night, but am asked to pay more? I asked to speak to a supervisor, was not allowed to actually speak to one and was told there was nothing else that would or could be done. This is a terrible place for customer service and I refuse to frequent a hotel that treats its customers in this fashion. NYNY: learn how to treat people with dignity and get some real managers! RECOMMENDATION: DO NOT STAY HERE!
5	The interior of the casino is atrocious, and the exterior is an eyesore. BUT-- I won $2,000 on a .02 cent machine after only three spins, so that's why they get five stars. Thanks, NY NY!!!
4	Didn't stay here.This place has a great arcade, that my teen loved.  Dump the teen in the arcade, and gamble here.  Great drink girls, that kept the beers coming.  Lots to look at, and very clean.  Also had a slice @ the pizza place.  It was good.  I would stay here, because I like the location.
3	It's located on the strip and very close to all the major attractions and other casinos so they're all in walkable distances. It's very convenient since driving can get hectic with all the pedestrians at night.The rooms and carpets are very clean, which is a must. I don't like waking up feeling icky in sheets that doesn't belong to myself. We left a note for our cleaning lady requesting extra towels and shampoo and she provided us plenty, which we are very thankful for. My only complaint is that my room smelled like cigarette smoke in the bathroom despite requesting a nonsmoking room. I do also get hostile feelings from the female booth attendant in self parking. They always make you roll down the windows so they can have a look at your face. Also be careful about the prostitutes roaming around in the parking garage, they will upfront approach males offering them services. No joke.
2	Only worth coming to see if you want to ride the rollercoster.  I mean I am sure the average tourist wants to see this place,, UMM hello I did!  I certainly would not stay here.  It felt cheap and seemed dirty. I felt like at any moment Snow White would walk around the corner just returning from her smoke break. I wish I could "heart" this NY, but my heart is with the real deal.
4	A group of friends and I met in Las Vegas for the Halloween weekend, as we had in 2009.  We again chose to stay at NYNY, due to our experience last time which was pretty stellar.  Once again, we had a great time.  This hotel/casino is pretty classy, without being ridiculously expensive (i.e. Bellagio, Wynn).  I booked my room no more than 2 weeks in advance, due to not being 100% sure I'd be able to make it this year, and still had 3 nights for $500.  Sure, there are cheaper places to stay on the strip, but NYNY offers the glitz and glam of some of the ritzier places without the super-heavy price tag.  Book earlier and I'm sure you can get a very decent room rate.The casino itself covers a lot of floor space, and it really does feel like a miniture version of New York City in there.  Last year, they had $5 blackjack tables on weekdays (except Fridays), but apparently now they have converted over to minimum $10 tables, according to one dealer.  I guess that's my only real "complaint".There are plenty of resturaunts, clubs, and bars in this hotel to entertain yourself if you don't feel like venturing out of the hotel.  I never rode the rollercoaster, but some friends told me it was pretty fun.For the most part, the staff and cleaning crew at NYNY are friendly, helpful, and polite, which is refreshing for a place that caters to many thousands of people a night.I may try staying somewhere else next time in Vegas, simply to add a little variety, but NYNY comes highly recommended by me.
3	2009 I stayed at MGM and thought this year I would stay at New York New York to try something different.  I was not impressed with the rooms at all.  It was a maze to get from the elevator to the room due to the fact of the design of the hotel (just look at from the strip).  The rooms were very average and bathroom small.  I don't have any complaints, however I wasn't really impressed.  The inside of the hotel/casino/bars was nice.  The different places to eat and the New York theme inside was cool.  A nice place to visit and eat, but very average to spend the night.
3	We came here just to lounge around and eat out!!!!!A great place and location if you plan to just hang around the southern part of the strip.  This hotel is just a block away from Bellagio and across from them is the MGM Grand Hotel and Planet Hollywood Hotel.  Tons of eateries around but if you prefer to stay in, the hotel has many restaurants.  We looked into the spa treatment but we thought it was overpriced.  There is a resort fee and what comes with the added $12.95 resort fee: are 2 comp drinks at the local bars, newspaper, free internet access, and health spa (gym) and pool access.The unfortunate part of all this, if you like smoking this hotel and this city is for you!  It is a tragedy, I know they attract the gamblers, and most of them are smokers.  What's the deal with that?  That's our opinion and another topic later.Decor                =    BStaff                   =    CEnvironment    =    F
4	Stayed here on a recent trip to Vegas. The boyfriend and I booked a Skyline room which I believe is the cheapest of the room selections. I hope its the cheapest, since the room was relatively small. When youre in Vegas you arent gonna spend too much time in your room anyway so I was OK with the size. The room itself was clean and the bathroom was nice. The Ipod dock barely worked and when it did it was mostly static, but again, you arent gonna hangout in your room and listen to music while youre in Vegas. From our room on the 18th floor, we had a decent view of the strip...I wish the windows were a little bigger though. My parents also had a Skyline room but they were lucky enough to get a corner room with double windows for a better view, so I guess its hit or miss. That brings up my next point. My parents and I booked seperate rooms but at the same time, so we were expecting to get connecting rooms or at least be nearby, but we weren't even on the same floor! They were on the 25th floor and way on the other side of the building. Its not like I was planning to hold my parents hand or have them tuck me in, but its something to think about if youre planning a stay with a bunch of friends and plan on booking more than one room. This may be something you need to specify when you book by calling the hotel rather than just booking online. Other than that, I loved the exterior/interior of the hotel. I've never been to NY, but it made me feel like I was really there. Inside of the casino was nice without being too rich or intimidating, its very relaxed and easy going and I liked that. Cocktail waitresses were friendly and came around frequently. Check in seemed to take forever, so we opted to use the express check out from our rooms which required me to leave a voice message to the main desk...kind of weird but whatever. Lastly, I was dissapointed that the room came with neither a microwave nor mini fridge! This made it impossible for us to bring leftovers back to the room and forced us to toss out perfectly good food. Still, I would recommend staying at this hotel as you can find pretty good deals if you book early, and its relatively close to most of the action on the strip. I'd definitely come back.
5	The food is wonderful.  We loved all the action, the crowd and activities apcked into an easy to find location.
1	Where it asks would I recommend this hotel to a friend, I must say absolutely, positively not.  My very first night at the hotel, my father and I went down to the casino and the strip for a few hours starting at about 4 PM.  I had brought enough money for me to be able to safely play for our three day trip, and I hid it in a book in my suitcase and placed that book under another book.  I told my father out loud only in our room what I was doing in case I forgot where I had put the money.  We returned at 10PM tired from the flight and our time in the casinos.  The next morning, I went to replenish my money for the day, and I noticed that the books were reversed from what I had last left them.  The wrong book was on top, and the money was gone.  We searched the room and found no trace of the missing money.  It is my opinion that it was an inside job and that some sort of listening device was placed in the room.  Security came up to check and verify the report we made, and despite saying that ""these things tend to have a happy ending," nothing was done to either compensate or show that anything was actually being done.  I would never recommend this hotel to anyone, and I will personally never stay here again.  My advice to travelers thinking about his hotel is to enter at your own risk.  I only have an opinion of what happened, and based on my story, I will let you decide if you think I am right or wrong.The hotel and casino itself was not bad.  The economy room reminds me of a slightly nicer courtyard by marriott, and the casino is about average size with normal games and several five dollar tables during the daytime.It would have been fine to have lost the money in the casino, but the fact that it was stolen out of my room made me spend most of my time elsewhere on the strip.
3	This place is a little older, and it's starting to show.  Luckily for any travelers going to book a room here in the future there is tons of construction going on to make it look better.  As for me it was a bit annoying.  I only stayed one night at in the Park Avenue room which is one step up from the lowest of the low.  It wasn't anything too special the room lacks many ammenities I've come to expect.  No robes, or mini bar and very liminted channels on an old tube TV.    The casino was fun.  I got to play craps, rapid roulette, and a Happy Days slot machine.  Players club people were friendly, they found my account number and printed a new card for me even though I had not played at a MGM casino for at least three years.  Overall it's a decent place to stay.  Lots of places to eat and it's in a great location.  The rooms are clean and staff seemed kind.
1	If you're a part of the older crowd, sure, go ahead and book here cause if you end up getting a suite and feel like partying with 10-12 of your closest friends, they'll eventually kick you out (we got kicked out at 3 AM-- that's pretty early for Vegas--so much for a city that never sleeps). Apparently, in this hotel, they sleep at 10PM.So if you're a part of the retired crowd and feel like you need to sleep at 10PM, by all means, book here cause they'll accommodate you. If you're a part of the younger crowd and love to be loud and party it up in Vegas, choose another hotel cause eventually, you'll probably get kicked out for having fun. By far, the worst hotel I've been in (I have never been kicked out of a suite until this weekend).
2	Decor/Location = OLD and dim.  :(   The location is good and close to a lot of things.  It is across from the M&M store.  Small casino area within hotel. Service = $13 Resort fee per day with the pool closed :)   what resort???Food/Drinks = The food court there is good.  It has better food selection than other places.  The Italian place and the fish & chip are awesome for the value :)Value =  about $100 a night for the regular older room.Kid Friendly = They have a tiny arcade for older kids.. not for the small fries.Recommendation = I will go somewhere else next time.  :(
4	Checking in was easy only a 10 minute wait. We stayed on the 4th fl in a Park Avenue room with a view of Excalibur and MGM, the rollercoaster did not bother us. The room is of decent size, the bed was comfortable and the was room clean. The t.v. is old, but who wants to watch t.v. in Vegas, I'll do that at home. I like taking hot showers, the bathrooms could use a fan. Got too steamy. It was a long walk from the elevator to our room, almost too long. Didn't go to the pool but walked by, looked small. Didn't try out the gym or spa either. The line was slow for a players card and getting comped. The sportsbook is weak. Probably 9 seats and you strain your neck trying to watch the t.v.'s. I think it's overrated as a 4 star property. Given the level of service and room I think it's more of a 3-3.5 star property. I only paid $55 a night so can't complain. Not a fan of the $12.95 resort fee. Why don't they just build that into the room rate. It's at the other end of the strip so it's a long walk to the hotels by Bellagio.I didn't lose all of my money and they comped 4 nights of our stay. All in all I would stay here again if I got a good rate.I gave 4 stars based on what I paid. If I paid more, I would have given 3 stars.
3	Hotel is a mini new york for sure! I stayed here post 9-11 and wondered how they removed the twin towers part of the hotel so quickly and found out they were never apart of the hotel to begin with, weird! This hotel has some cute features like for their elevators being named after famous buildings like empire state, and chrysler building. I stayed in a suite and it was nice, but it wasn't that nice since it was on the bottom floor! uhh no view except for a piece of railroad track of the roller coaster! Luckily the roller coaster would only operate mid-morning at 11ish and stop running around 7 or 8 so it wasn't a problem. Location wise this hotel is okay, but its more toward the beginning of the strip.  But the whole look of the hotel of Manhattan all bundled up is a must see!
5	The check in for this hotel was painless esp considering that I was asking for quite a bit. You see why had about 15 or so people on the trip which require 4 rooms. The check in clerk did his best to get the rooms as close as he could. I was worried cause I had heard from other yelpers that when they had several rooms, they ended up in different tower, but we no such issues. In fact, all the rooms we really close to each other. And since we weren't going to use the wireless Internet in the rooms, he waived the resort fee! Navigating the hotel was pretty simple but could require a long walk. The towers of the hotel are at the back meaning that often times the are as far as possible from the entrance. The rooms themselves are pretty nice. I didn't notice anything that looked old or out of place. The only thing that might be considered "old" was the TV. It was just a regular TV and not a flat screen, but if you're watching a bunch of TV in Vegas you're probably doing something wrong, so that that didn't bother me Since we were in Vegas and getting wild with a bunch of people in 4 different rooms, our doors were often open to let people come and go as they please. I guess the doors have sensors in them, because several times during our stay security would come to the rooms and make sure everything was OK. Its a very cool thing for the hotel to do but it got annoying after awhile. But really, we can only blame ourselves for that, haha. Since we were there over the summer we decided we should check out the pool, which was surprisingly fun. They had a DJ and loud clubby time music which was exactly what our group was looking for! The only issue that we had there was that it was a little difficult to find seats.
3	New York New York, hotel and casino, is probably a mid-class hotel that I would probably consider, if you want to stay on a the strip for a low to decent price. Just spending a night, I really didn't expect much out of it, but pricing is reasonable. We stayed in the Park Avenue rooms, which was decent. It does lack amenities. No fridge, old school tube TV, small window and thin walls. On the upside, I liked that the Internet was free and had its own table. We had a king size bed, that was comfy and had extra pillows. The bathroom was decent, but not fond with the shower head. The room was a decent size just for the wife and I. Other then the room, we really did enjoy walking around the hotel. We liked the food at Nine Fine Irishmen, which was a new experience. We also did some gambling, where the dealers were friendly and helpful. The staff at the front desk and all over, was very friendly. I would probably consider this place for those who aren't looking for much in the hotel amenities and just a place to lay your head. But the staff are friendly, the dealers were friendly, and its on the strip. This is probably a place that you would get your money's worth and depending how adventurous you are, then sure enough you'll get your money's worth and them some.
2	A four star hotel? Really? the rooms felt like a high class motel ... dark and definitely past it's prime days. If this was an "upgraded room" I wonder what the original must have looked like !!!at least it was clean and comfortable so can't really complain except it's not worth the star rating at all!
4	We got a great deal on this hotel during the Thanksgiving holiday. With the basic room the average rate per night after taxes and the resort fee was $99 for 4 nights. The resort fee covers internet access in the room, a coupon book with 2 free drinks, access to the business center, and a newspaper. We only used the internet and we used the business center to print boarding passes. The interior of the hotel is decent. There was a lot of construction and some escalators were out of order, but a lot of things in Vegas were out of order or under construction. There were a quite a few restaurants. I visited the Starbucks, Haagen Daz, and a sandwich place. The sandwich place was the least satisfying. And of course the prices are jacked up at Starbucks. The room was very clean and spacious. We had the smallest an most basic room with two double beds on the 16th floor of the New Yorker tower. The room could have easily fit a desk in it. I really appreciated the mirrored closet doors. The beds were comfortable, the shower was hot. One complaint about the room is the tv, it was SO outdated. I think it might have been a 13 inch tube. I've seen bigger and better televisions in cheaper, crappier hotels. Let's be honest, no one comes to Vegas to sit in their hotel room all day. New York New York was a basic, clean hotel to sleep in and it had more than enough entertainment for late night hours if you didn't want to go out in the cold (it was freezing during Thanksgiving). For the price, I'm really happy we stayed here. The only reason why I wouldn't stay again is that there are just too many other hotels  to explore.
4	I often stay here for free when my cousin comes to town about twice a year. The rooms are okay we stayed in a room with two queens . What I like about this room is there is a desk with a big mirror in between the beds. This is especially helpful if you are traveling with a bunch of girls. The desk can be used to put on make up and do hair because there is a convenient plug on top of the desk. There is also a full size mirror right outside the bathroom where someone else can get ready. The casino has plenty of things to do if you want to go dancing you can go to the Rok, if you want to sing in unison with a bunch of strangers you can go to the Bar at Times Square. If you want a thrill you can go on the Roller Coaster so there is something for everyone. The casino has it's share of new games but I try to stick to the ones I know because I'm always afraid I will lose my money quick if I don't choose wisely. I don't know anything though cause while my sister in law was following me I chose a machine I was familiar with and she played next to me. She won like $80.00 on her first spin betting 80 cents! It's all luck ! When I'm here I try to stick with the Miss Kitty machine because this is only a twenty line game and it has sticky wilds. I like sticky wilds because during the bonus if a wild shows up in this case it would be a cat it would stay on the board for all the free spins. Sometimes the board would be filled with wilds which equals a big payout!
4	This review is for the casino and public areas only.I enjoy this property and here's why:- When we have out of town visitors, it is a fun place to take them.....they can gamble while we do other things, like.....- Kiddo can ride the roller coaster and play games in the arcade.- There are plenty of bars and restaurants to hang out at.  Most notably the piano bar, which can get packed and be a lot of fun.  Also, Il Fornaio has bomb Bread and Italian Food.  I've also recently discovered the Sporting House (separate review), which is great for Beer and eats.- Easy access from I-15.  Since it's located on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd & Tropicana, it's an easy in/out for locals....the entrance on Tropicana is convenient.- Parking garage is relatively close to the action.  It's not a long walk to/from the parking garage.- MGM & Monte Carlo are a short walk away.  If we get bored, it's not a bad walk to either of these hotels, which gives us plenty of choices for entertainment and fun.Overall, I recommend friends to stay here if they want to be in the thick of things without spending too much money.Will I return?  In a New York Minute.....wait, is that good or bad?  Of course I will!
3	I stayed at the New York New York the past three days when travelling to Las Vegas. I got a really good deal to stay there, and was excited to see the room. My best friend and I arrived early in the morning and were hoping to get early check-in. Unfortunately, you have to pay for early check out. I asked for a room on a higher floor so that my friend and I can have a nice view of the strip, but I only got floor 18.The room was very nice, and seemed clean. Everyonce and in a while you can hear the rollercoaster go around the building. There are a lot of restaurants downstairs as well. Although I love New York, I was a little bummed out about the experience in the hotel.
3	I booked a jacuzzi suite 6 months in advance because I was coming for the National Finals Rodeo!  When I went to check in at 2pm I was told that my room was NOT ready!  WHAT!!!  The rude lady asked me to come back in an hour because their check in time was really at 3pm.  I told her that I was on a short time table and that my room HAD to be ready by that time.  I've stayed at TONS of MGM properties and I have always checked in early...12 noon, 1pm and even once I checked in at 10am!So we go have lunch at America (their cafe) and come back in an hour.  I get a second rude lady and she tells me that my room is still not ready!  Now I'm PISSED!!!  She tries to give me a smoking room on the third floor.  I tell her that if I have to take that room I want a major discount.  Or she tells me that my room would be ready at 5:00pm!  I even asked if they were sold out due to the rodeo and the lady said...NO, we have plenty of rooms!!!  Then WHY wasn't my room ready???  So she gets a manager...and he comes over and in TEN SECONDS finds me a nice room on the 28th floor!  HELLO BITCHES...you just wasted an hour of my vacation time!  So we get up to the room and it's a really nice room with a jacuzzi shaped like a four leaf clover!  The bed was O.K. and the view from that room was nice.  After the check in problem things went really well for two days...until check out time.  We were leaving early because we both had to be back to work later that day.  So when I went to check out via the TV I see that they charged me four "resort fees" for only two nights.  SO I have to go and check out in person.  This time however I get a nice lady and she takes off ALL of the resort fees for their error.  That's great customer service!  I would stay here again but if I encountered problems at check in I would ask for a manager right away instead of wasting an hour of my time!
5	Gottah Love NYNY! It even feels like NYNY!
2	Mainly liked it from the outside - clever architecture and a roller coaster. But, it is like a bad version of a Disney Hotel. Frankly, I'd rather go to the real NYC, which by the way is in our country, than a gimmicky hotel themed like it. From afar, the pizza looked good at least.
3	I love the 'feeling' of this hotel and I tried real hard to give it shot. NY NY  tried to make you feel like you were in NYC- but it comes off more like.....well...like a Universal Studios NYC SET.  I kept expecting Carrie, Samantha and Miranda to pop out from one of the psudo buildings and start sashaying down the street wearing manolo blahniks. There IS a starbucks in the hotel. A HUGE plus, for the AM.  The gym was okay- the spa was ...heh.The rooms were clean, cute but nothing special. I got this room for 59.00 a night when my girlfriends and I stayed here for a wedding celebration. The best thing about NYNY was the second floor Starbucks. Downstairs they do have a place to have breakfast if you like that powdered eggs kind of breakfast.
3	A-Ok, but not off the charts. Roller coaster closed for rain...bummer. Would like to check our more things next time.
1	Really lousy service people at the rollercoaster. You know the kind, that don't have any power in life, so they take it out on their customers and threaten to call security if you roll your eyes.
3	If you're into old broads, east coast douchebags, sub-par food, sub-par bars and clubs, slow bartenders, and janky looking table games then New York-New York is for you.  None of these things float my boat so NY-NY isn't the spot for me.Another thing about NY-NY I despise is their ATMs try and charge you a percentage of the money you're going to take out, and it's like 10 or 15 percent.  Screw that I'll just go across the street to MGM Grand and pay just a $5 fee or try and hit a gas station or bank off of the strip for an ATM.One thing I really like about NY-NY is that they have smoking hot cocktail waitresses who are quick with your drinks when you're gambling.  However there are enough other spots on the strip that have the same so this alone is not a good enough reason to come here.
3	Pros: The room was cheap I wasn't sexually assaulted I didn't get food poisoning They never tried to throw me out Cons: Crappy bars The room smelled kind of funny Affliction t-shirts Overall I think it was a pretty positive experience. When I go to Vegas I try to not get stabbed and make my flight home, I accomplished both on my last trip. Keeping in mind that this hotel is on the lower end of the pricing spectrum I think is is pretty decent. I just wish they had better food and drink inside the hotel but that can be rectified by going to any of the adjacent casinos.
3	My husband and I stayed here the first time we went to Vegas.  I found a deal on Expedia for 7 nights and everyone told us we were crazy wanting to stay that long.  My friend meet up with us here for about three days and we had the best time.The hotel looks like the New York skyline on the outside and has that charm on the inside.  The room is your standard room.  Nothing more, nothing less.  The view left little to be desired as it was a big parking lot view.  I did not try the roller coaster which I regret since I LOVE them.  The pool was a disappointment though.  For such a huge place, I thought it would be bigger.  And better.Overall, I feel for my first stay, it was a good place to get my feet wet.
4	I enjoyed this hotel a little more then others that I have stayed in at Vegas and like this location.  I don't remember the name but the Chinese restaurant in there was probably the best Chinese I have had before and the steakhouse is pretty good as well.  The NYNY environment in hear is kind of neat to see and a lot more appealing then the typical other casinos on the strip.
3	The GOOD- Rooms and Price- for the Price I was very happy with the room- our floor was quiet and our room had a great view at night! Very clean and bathroom stocked and the linens looked clean- nothing smelled. The Good- Valet for car- quick- never waited more than 10 minutes to retrieve the car- The ok- no in room coffee- of course and Starbucks only choice in the Hotel/CasinoThe Bad- no HOT water for drinking- unless you want to pay $9 plus tax plus tip for some to be brought up via room service... Lots of smoking in casino.. I know.. but I am not a smoker.. seemed smelly in the casino.. but again that's part of the atmosphere.. SO what did my $15.00/per day "resort fee" cover??? Guess I should have made use of the coupons in the book.. but none of the eating choices seemed to be on my list... everything quit serving breakfast at 11 on Sunday... that seems early after Saturday night but... For the price and the room though I would stay here again-
5	Nice gym
5	We had a great time!My boyfriend and I stayed one night in a spa suite and never had to leave the hotel for the whole night! We started the evening at Gallagher's steakhouse. Yum!Next, we went to Chin-Chin for sushi. Suck.Next, off to Zumanity! Fantastic!After a few drinks and a few songs at The Nine Fine Irishmen, it was back to our own private hot tub. What bliss! The Nine Fine Irishmen is one of my all-time favorite bars. It is so nice to get Magner's cider on tap and sing along to some of my favorite Irish tunes.As long as you avoid Chin Chin, you'll have a great night!
3	The statue of liberty and a roller coaster right outside my window, I must be on something. Comfortable stay and the area is well-kept. The hotel may look older on the outside, but the inside doesn't reflect its cover! Plenty of inexpensive quick food/snack selections downstairs.
5	the atmosphere and crowd was a lot better than Excalibur...and there fun arcade zone is soooo much cooler!!!!
3	I've never stayed at the New York, New York, so this review is for the main level which includes the casinos, restaurants, etc.I'm from New York myself and I have to say I love the restaurant level with the cobblestone walkway. The restaurants there are always crowded but they're all definitely NY themed. I also like the piano bar which also gets crowded once the music gets going.I've never tried the roller coaster there, so I'm definitely gonna have to go back!
4	Didn't really spend that much time in the hotel as my friends were staying at MGM but they had good food, footbridges to MGM and Excalibur and good gambling. The roller coaster is fun but a bit expensive ($16)...but hey, it's Vegas. Everything is expensive! I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay on the strip at a hotel with everything you need without completely breaking the bank.
4	I didn't ride on the roller coaster.  Booo!  But then again... spending $14 to ride it might seem like it was good that I didn't ride on the roller coaster.  It's still something I would probably do once and that's it.  When I came to check in, there was a portion of the counter that was closed because the roof was leaking water in multiple places.  They were using trash cans to catch the water.  I don't know what happened there.  The staff at the check in counter all seemed nice.  We paid about $73 for 1 night on a Thursday and it was from Travelocity's website.When I was here, it didn't seem like I was there for leisure because I had business to take care of which will bring me to my next point: the business center.  They had a business center where you can check your email, fax, and print stuff.  I needed to photocopy something and there was nobody there to help.  The other person who was there tried to help even though that's not his position.  All the computers in the business center require you to use a credit card (maybe a debit card too?) in order to use their computers.  The prices varied for each transaction.  Eventually, I got everything I needed to do taken care of.One thing I liked about the room we stayed in was the internet.  I think it was included but I forgot.  It was an ethernet cable that you could plug into your laptop.  The room was roomy and the bathroom was good, too.  I don't think anything stood out in the room so that's all I'm going to say about the room.There was an arcade but I didn't get to look at it when everything was turned on; instead, I quickly walked through when it was shut down in the morning.Other than that, this place was good to stay at and I wouldn't mind coming back (especially to ride the roller coaster).
2	I couldn't believe when my husband booked us to stay here.  I hadn't heard good things, and my dearly beloved is a serious hotel snob, so I hoped for the best but prepared for the worst.  It is sincerely unpleasant.  The bathrooms obviously haven't been updated in years, and for some reason - whether it is the general hotel location, bad windows or just our room which faced south toward the airport - the sirens from the strip were constant at all hours.  For the price, you can do much better.
2	My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel and the only reason I stayed because of the price, it was cheap. I do not like this hotel and will never stay there again. There's nothing fun about this place ... there is nothing nice about the rooms. If I can make any advice stay at the Hard Rock, Bellagio or the Wynn. You'll have a much better time! :o) Happy travels.
4	This review is for the casino and gift shops :).I think this casino is the most "family" friendly compared to other ones on the strip. The Arcade area by the Roller Coaster entrance was pretty impressive for kids all ages (including me). Too bad I'm such a chicken, I didn't ride the roller coaster. The casino is just like any other casinos in Las Vegas. I have to say, I love the gift shops merchandise. They have cool t-shirts compared to other casinos. Who doesn't love a t-shirt with New York New York writing on it? On top of that, the t-shirt has Ed Hardy feels to it...of course you will love to get one (now I'm being sarcastic). In all seriousness, I will consider to stay at New York New York for my next visit. :).
4	I would totally stay at New York, New York again. We upgraded our room  so we could have a view of the strip. Although a little pricey, the room was big for a hotel room with floor to ceiling windows which gave us amazing views. Not a lot of time was spent in the hotel room, but the views at night left amazing memories. I was warned by a friend that the roller coaster is noisey but it was actually pretty silent, it was never loud enough to bother or wake us up. The friends we went with were pretty stoked to hear that you can ride the roller coaster for free if you stay at the hotel (i think its about $10 to ride the roller coaster normally).The beds were really comfortable with super soft sheets. I never sleep good on hotel beds but I actually had a really amazing sleep the nights we were there. The room was always nice and clean, as well as the rest of the hotel. As for downstairs, theres a Espn sports club as well as a Coyote Ugly. Dont forget tons among tons of slot machines and card tables, but since its NYNY there are New York facades that have breakfast and lunch foods for pretty reasonable prices. Its really cool to walk around down there before adventuring onto the strip. On the same floor as the arcade, theres a Nathans NY Hot Dogs that has amazing chili dogs, hamburgers, chili fries etc. NYNY is definitely worth checking out.
4	Great view, great service, great rooms! I'd totally stay here again. The rollercoaster was a little noisy, but oh well... I slept through it lol. I would definetely recommend it for family/kids... This place is alot better than circus circus! 10X better! The roller coaster was awesome. Rode it like 10 times lol. They offer military discounts on the rollercoaster so we went for it!
4	I always like hitting the food court here because of the unique variety. Unlike the other vegas casinos a good number of the food places are actual new york or east coast institutions. Also the restaurants are setup to represent famous parts of new york city
1	Disappointed would be an understatement.I stayed at the NYNY shortly after it first opened and in between that time and now, I've been staying mainly at The Venetian.  However, because I have a younger friend in from London, I decided to book someplace that might be a bit more fun and decided on the NYNY.  I booked a room that was comparable by price and so my expectations were comparable what I expect at The Venetian.  Not so. Not even a little bit.  The 1st room was as old as the day the hotel opened (the bedding, wallpaper and the antiquated TV) and the only word to describe it would be, dank.  I requested a move and it wasn't until the 3rd request that we were upgraded a somewhat more modernized room.  I use the word somewhat very sparingly here, as the the room was in disrepair.  The curtain rod fell right down when I went to open up the curtain.  The shower pull thing to activate the shower, came right out, the lid didn't fit properly on the toilet, the TV was yet another dinosaur (completely with crackly reception) and the internet SUCKED.  I cut my trip short and left a day early.  I WILL NEVER STAY AT THIS SORRY EXCUSE FOR A HOTEL AGAIN. The price for the room is worth about $59.99.On the way out, the only thing the hotel clerk had to say was, "you know you can't get a refund."  Refund?  Who asked for it? I made the mistake of booking the hotel and blame no one but myself for not being a little more thorough.Warning to Parents: The NYNY doesn't know who they want to be, with the fact that they have a roller coaster and gogo girls right on the casino floor, makes this an inappropriate place for children.   Advice: Stay at the Wynn, Trump, Venetian or Bellagio.
4	I LOVE New York, but in this case... New York New York.  Just walking around the eateries inside the hotel was enough to remind me of New York.  The plus side is that I also won at this casino compared to the others.
3	We stayed in the Park Avenue room for 5 days, this was my first time staying on the Strip in Vegas. First of all when I booked the room I asked for a (non-smoking) King bedroom for me and my GF, but when we got there they told me they only had 2double rooms left. I let the check-in guy know that I had booked a king bed almost 2 months ahead of time, and he actually got annoyed with me and went on a spiel about how they don't guarantee anything when I book. After I started getting annoyed myself he finally told us we could have the wheelchair accessible room, which had a King sized bed, and the only difference was it had railings in the bathtub. Fine.Also, 2 nights in a row, around 6pm we had hotel staff walk right into our room without knocking. Even though the room was already clean. We went straight down to the front desk and he let us know that sometimes management comes to inspect the rooms to ensure they've been cleaning properly. Thankfully it never happened again after that.ProsVery Cheap to Stay inNice sized room, very clean and bigGreat ViewVery comfy bedsRoller coaster didn't bother us with noiseGood selection of fast/cheap food in the lobbyFun but expensive piano bar in the lobbyConsThey Don't Guarantee the Room you Book  Sometimes Rude and Disorganized Staff Ancient TV, with bad reception$15/day Resort fee, which gives you Internet and a coupon book.. Sounds like a scam.
1	+2: The casino area: I loved Ten Fine Irishmen! Fun pub with live Irish music! The Piano bar was fun, too. I also liked their eateries better than the nicer hotels. It's weird that Paris and Venetian have McD's and other disgusting chain food eateries. NY NY actually tries to stick to a theme...-1: The casino area: I know. I loved most of it, but the arcade and roller coaster have to go. Noisy (some of their rooms have double-paned windows, but not all) and attracts a "family" atmosphere. Bleh. It's Vegas - leave the kids at home or go to Circus Circus. Plus it takes away from the theme. On a side note, we looked up a review and they were listed as a kid-friendly Vegas hotel. Definitely my bad then. I guess the pubs and go-go girls threw me off. Oops. +2: The spa tub: Super romantic and relaxing!-1: Cleanliness: The rooms weren't filthy by any means. Everything you used, or could see, was clean. However, once we pulled the pillows off of the dresser, dust flew everywhere. Pretty ick. The wall paper was also peeling and dingy. +2: The gym: Their gym was conveniently located and nicer than I'd expect to find in a Vegas hotel. They even had complimentary purified water and towels. Sadly, I was too hungover or drunk to use it after the first day.-1: The neighbors: By far the worst part of my stay. I guess it's not the hotel's fault and they really did try to help. But knowing the clientele this place attracts made the decision to never stay here again an easy one. The first night we had a room (with a connecting door) next to a family with a brat (yes, I know. I should have considered their poorly chosen arcade and coaster idea). The brat cried and the parents constantly yelled at it. We moved to another room. Not as nice but quiet... until the next morning. A group of German guys moved in. They brought their own sound system and cranked the European techno full blast, bass pumping. They even used our adjoining wall as a drum for emphasis. Maybe they wanted to let us know which tunes they liked best? The entire floor was serenaded with lovely Euro tech which saved us the trouble of complaining - someone else quickly beat us to it. -2: The view. Each room we had a view of the back of other hotels or buildings. At least the second room had a view of the mountains, but the windows were really tiny. Total: One star wonder. I would never stay here again. Ever. But they weren't 100% heinous.
4	Embarrassingly, the only thing I remember about my stay at New York New York was that the rooms were small, the bathrooms ... I don't remember, but the pool was incredible.This is probably one of the few properties I stayed at where I stayed during a time where going to the pool was possible. For some reason I tend to avoid Vegas when it's a reasonable weather outside. The 92 degree day meant that the pool was the perfect place to chill, literally, and relax with a drink and have absolutely zero agenda or worry while the boys went gambling through the casino.I heard that they have great minimums, especially during the day or late late at night but I'm not too much of a gambler so I wouldn't know. My stay here was so memorable because it was so relaxing, which isn't really a word you usually use to describe a Vegas vacation. Nevertheless, there is a small complaint. What is with that Coyote Ugly bar? I was so expecting some hot girls at the bar.
4	Only in Vegas, can you have France, Italy, Africa and seemingly every other theme.  So why not place a hotel which highlights the civilty of The Big Apple...Thats right...Place the city which never sleeps, in a town, which frowns on resting...add some gambling, booze, shows,  food and you have yourself a casinoI like NY, NY, especially since Vegas is so under capacity, its darn cheap to stay really in any casino.  The benefit to this casino is location, its reasonable minimums and pedestrian, yet enjoyable food....Rooms, service and amenities are on par with the rest of the other themes
4	So many bars to pick from....do them all!!
3	New York needs to get its act together. And by that I mean the city, not the casino. Because this place puts NYC to shame. Why don't we have a roller coaster roaring above the Chrysler Building?Why isn't all pizza $4.95 a slice ($7.95 with a side salad)?Why can't we just combine 'hoods so we can shop in "SoHo Village?"Why is our Brooklyn Bridge so big and unwieldy?*Why does our United Nations have to have ALL those flags?**Why can't we have tourists staring upward, taking pictures and getting in everyone's way? Oh wait. We have that last one.But if you take away all the hackneyed, gimmicky attractions, the casino itself is classy, modern, and a lot of fun. And that Irish pub is actually pretty solid ($6 appetizers at happy hour). ___________*And this compact version here doesn't force me to deal with pesky Manhattan when I want to cross.**It's so much nicer with just have the seven or so here, including two for the USA.
1	I've had 2 occasions to stay there, both in the context of business trips. Even on someone else's dime:  it wasn't enjoyable.The only good thing I can say is:  the showers get hot quickly. Otherwise, the design is poor, the rooms are small , the acoustics are poor, some of the rooms are dark. Depending upon what tower you are in (I was in the 'Chrysler" building-  VERY small windows) you either have a view or you look @ a parking lot.When the rollercoaster runs  you can hear it-  the screams, the cars on the track- and it can interfere with sleep. The fire alarm was set off when I was there and for 10 minutes a BLARING message was PA'ed into the rooms warning us of a possible emergency. I understand it's  a safety precaution but that thing is ULTRA loud, I suppose to wake up any drunk passed out people.I like higher end digs- even the MGM is better than this.
4	Another great Las Vegas hotel and casino located on Las Vegas Strip on the corner directly accross from the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino. My check-in and check-out went without a hitch. The hotel is well maintained, has alot to offer and is centrally located. The pool areea is small, but, quite nice. I ate at the hotel's Gallaghers and the Nine Irish Men, which were great restaurants. I would rate this on a par with Planet Hollywood, which is also within walking distance.
3	Great roller coaster.  One of my favorites of all time.Disgustingly smokey casino - they must have NO attempt at ventilation in there.Fun kids' arcade area.  The end.
4	Although the gimmicky era of Las Vegas Hotels has come to an end- due in part to the elegance of the City Center and Cosmopolitan- The NYNY is still a great place to stay. Here's why:1. Entertainment- With a cirque show (Zumanity) an irish bar, a piano bar, coyote ugly, and a nightclub (ROK), you won't know how to split your time equally amongst the choices. Plus they have a roller coaster and arcade for the kids.2. Deals- Sign up for a players card if you are going to gamble. The NYNY marketing team is very generous with their offers. I got 2 free nights, 50 dollars in free play on the slots, and 2 for 1 mgm show tickets on opening NCAA Tourney weekend with out having to lose the t-shirt off my back. The only stipulation is to get GOOD deals you must bet at least 15-30 dollars a hand consistently. 3. Location. Directly across from the MGM where you can take the monorail all the way to the North End of the strip. Also a 5 minute walk to the City Center. Also if you are renting a car, the parking garage here is conveniently located to the freeways for easy access to off the strip adventures.4. ETC. Newly renovated rooms, (ask for one closest to the elevators) good sportsbook, tons of food options from italian to mexican to japanese at good prices, nice employees,  and a great atmosphere.Other than a noisy roller coaster and unflattering gimmicky design, The NYNY is a great value.
3	I love NY.. so staying at NY/NY has been on my Las Vegas "to stay list"  for years. Typically I stay at Cesars, Luxor, Venetian, MGM, and I've even stayed at Stratisphere and Sahara in my college years..   so I was really excited to feel like I'm in NY.We got there on Saturday, got our room, supposed to be Park Ave with strip view... The room was clean and modernish, but very very very small for Vegas.  At 200/night I expected more.. I went down and complained and after several attempts to make me "happy" the manager allowed me to pay $30 more for an upgrade to a "spa Suite"..  this was much better with several windows and a decent view... this was much better.   However, the room was not as modern, but was still clean..Bottom line: I don't think I will stay at NY NY again simply because for the money I can get a lot more in Vegas.  I much prefer Luxor (a sister hotel).  The rooms are bigger and I love the Egyptian theme, and the rooms have a slanted window which always mesmerizes me.. who thought of a slanted wall and uneven windows??
3	The casino area is just OK.  No poker room.  Possibly the worst sportsbook on the strip.  I've stayed here multiple times before I became a local.  The fake NYC setups like Greenwich Village, Central Park, and Brooklyn Bridge etc are always a chuckle.  Maybe they should hire actors as homeless people to give more authenticity to the NYNY name.    I always park on the roof of the garage because it gives a not so bad look at the strip.  Plus you witness the rollercoasters riders terror as they take the first plunge.  This is also a great place to park when seeing a performance at the MGM Grand Arena since it's always so easy to get in, walk over and get out of.
3	Stayed here for a job. Free room, and frankly though it wasn't huge it did the trick, not smaller or larger than many rooms I've stayed in.Pillows were kinda un-comfy and the AC was loud enough that I turned it off to get some sleep.That being said, the staff was very nice and helpful upon check-in, and the call-in check out is great since I forgot to check out and just called it in upon my leaving town.The whole being able to hear the police cars on the strip despite being 24 floors up was kinda a drag, and I heard from friends you can hear the rollercoaster riders screaming at 11PM or 10PM or something like that if you're in a room that faces that thing.The restaurants are fine, and again the staff was great.Would i seek this place out. Likely no, but I'd stay here again.
2	will NOT be staying here again. Did NOT expect it to be sooo mediocre...This hotel is for the loud, roudy, and uncouth...As if the constant screaming outside our window till late at night from the dinky overpriced rollercoaster that was stupidly placed waaayy tooo close to guests' rooms (like ours) wasn't BAD enough--We were startled awake at 3am by a LOUD, SHREAKING group of idiot girls and their blaring tv... Come to find out the next morning, my parents who were on a completely different floor than I was, were also awakened by some lunatic who banged on their door screamin' "security" "security" also in the wee hours of the night!! Wow. never again. You get what you pay for. Pay just a little bit more, and stay with a little more civilized group of folks.
4	Pretty nice hotel.  Conveniently located on the strip. The rooms were newly remodeled and the service was great.  It has a 24 hour restaurant, America.  The food is nothing to write home about, but it can be quite convenient after a long night of drinking.
4	The hotel was nice, the room price was great for a weekend with a lot of big stuff going on (CMA Awards, NHRA, Final Four).  Housekeeping was on top of everything. Late check-out was easy & free.  The pool is just okay. It was clean & warm, but the bar ran out of beer by 1:00.  All the other MGM Hotels have 2-5 pools, this just has one.  However, I travel a lot for business. I've stayed in 5 star luxury hotels and Roach Motels. I have NEVER stayed at a hotel that didn't have a coffee maker and/or a fridge in the room. NYNY rooms were newly remodeled and didn't have either. No coffee maker? No fridge? All the resturaunts serve huge portions, but you can't take any leftovers with you because you don't have a fridge. You have to go down to the casino and spend $6.00 on a crappy coffee because there isn't even a single-cup maker in the room! I guess this is typical now of Vegas.
2	Rooms are too close to the roller coaster. If you travel for business, do not stay here. The price is good but not worth the loss of sleep. Rooms are meh. I would expect more from an MGM property.
4	This really deserves a 3.5/5 stars. The room was the largest I have stayed in, with a separate suite, but the view was poor and it was loud due to the roller coaster. The casino itself is great. Would recommend this to friends.
4	I loved my stay over here. Me and my wife went to the marquis suite and loved the view of everything. It felt very classy. I loved the location of the hotel and the atmosphere. Only thing I didn't like was the tv they give you. Its a crappy ass tube t.v. I guess I need to go up a few levels next time if I want flat screens. I feel as if a stay is as good as your room. You get better deals if u go during the weekdays. No drunk crowds its just real couples during the weekdays. I wanna go back soon.
2	The casino is always crowded as ass and hard to maneuver through.  Rooms nice enough, pool sucks.I generally don't like to kick it here.
3	I stayed here for 3 days while I had friends in town, and the rooms were decent but not great. Just typical...The hotel/casino itself is soso and really more enjoyable from the outside than in. They need a real sportsbook, better pool, and a way to get into the parking garage driving east.
2	I come to Vegas 2 to 3 times a year.  This place has great customer service and nice rooms.  The American Cafe has the best breakfast and lunch.  I eat healthy and I can always find a fresh Turkey burger or healthy selection.  The pool how ever was a different story...they have a couple of waitress taking orders for those who sit in the chairs.  They totally igonored my friends and I...she saw us sitting there and we had to go too the outside bar ourselves and get our drinks while the waitress took orders from everyone around us and ignored our section.  Too bad she missed out on great tips.  This would be one of the reasons I will not stay here again but will eat at the New York New York.  They will give away tickets to ROK the night club but when I asked for tickets to the Piano bar I was refused.  If you are a guest of the hotel and you ask for passes to a place your going to spend money at... wouldnt you think that a $100 bar tab over rides a $10 entrance fee?  We are returning next month and we decided to go with Luxor which has great service all around!  They never ignore you anywhere at the Luxor!
3	Summary: The 80s called, they want their hotel room back.  Not bad, though.  Not great but not bad.  OK if you're on a tight budget.Pluses:* Front desk upgraded me 2 levels, and the rest of the staff is friendly;* Room they upgraded me to is pretty big* Not including room, the place has aged well.  The outside still looks good (it was built back when Vegas was trying to be family-friendly...ha!) and both the outside and casino area have aged well and don't look dated.  However...Minuses:* The room is pretty dated.  The fact it was built in the 80s is very clear here.  I think the TV has to be at least 15 years old (it does work well though.  But the channel choices are pretty limited);* Cleaning staff could do a better job cleaning; I found a bunch of toenail clippings near the bed;* I worked late so ordered a steak thru room service.  Meh, pretty mediocre, salty and not worth the $26.  (in fairness, the salad I had the next evening was very good);Random:* has a resort fee.  Internet access included in the fee;* For some reason, I slept well here.  There's nothing special about the bed, very typical old-school mattress; I would even say the mattresses are quite old and need replacing.* There's a guard at the entrance to the hotel parking garage, and you must stop and roll down your window to get in.  I've been to a lot of Vegas casino parking garages and I've never seen this before.  I had no problem with it (I kinda liked it, probably keeps things more secure).
5	One of mine and my wifes favorite places on the strip. Many games and places to eat inside many good shows going on all the time fun place.
4	we have stayed here 3 more times and booked yet another stay in May.  I can't wait.  Love the service. love the spa room.  Some of the rooms are small but you are there to be in Vegas not in your room.  Gallaghers is awesome for dinner (split an app, a caeser salad and a bone in NY strip.  It is so much food for 2.  The Irish pub there is great.  And the AMERICA dinning room is the best.  If you are up at 3am- lots of funny people watching at the circle bar. --heck lots of that bar at almost anytime :)
1	This review is for the candy shop on top level.  Worst attitude and service ever.  To think I had the audacity of interrupting a workers IPOD listening enjoyment during work hours.  My 8 year old daughter wanted to purchase candy and I had the nerve to interrupt the Asian girls iPod time to ask  where the candy bags were..  The  Asian girl  pulled her ear phones out of her ears and waved us to the bags and then proceeded to make facial gestures rolling eyes etc.  When My husband pointed out her obvious irritation with us  and her ridiculous behavior.  I put the bag down and she screamed.  Yes, literally screamed at me that she didn't want our business anyway.  Wow, I was Shocked.  I contemplated going back in but, I reasoned that just maybe it wouldn't of done us any good to complain to New new York. Maybe shops are independent?? That and it was our first hours in lAs Vegas and my little one was already upset she didn't get the candy so we rushed her away to M&M world which was very pleasant experience.  The rude Asian girls boss or coworker was standing right there watching as everything took place.  Still in shock with her behavior what happened to customer service?  We will never go back .
3	The NY-NY is a solid casino / hotel. The rooms are usually moderately priced and can be quite nice. There is a decent selection of casual and fine dining. And there are some great bars. The spa, salon, and pool, however, definitely leave something to be desired. And I can't say that I'm much of a fan of the latest makeover. But, all in all, it's a good place to stay and play.
4	Wow! this place got so many restaurants!So interesting and it right across from Hawaiians Market place!Came here to see a show here and had to go back to our hotel...Very Interesting place!Next time I got to check out Hawaiian Market place across the street!
4	I've only been to LV once, and I stayed at New York New York. I loved that I could mix two of my favorite US cities together like that :DThe first thing I did when I arrived was throw my bags in my room and then went straight to the roller coaster. I call it the CSI coaster, since Gil would ride it when he was in deep thought at the end of a CSI episode. I decided to ride it just like him, pensive, with no smiling or yelling. It was hilarious. I loved the smell when you walk in....like vanilla. It was so nice! I loved the pizza place downstairs, and the piano bar....the magic shop....everything about this hotel I loved. The room was nothing special but who hangs out in their room? I would stay there again in a heartbeat, although I would like to check out some of the other hotels (except Circus Circus...who would WANT to stay in the Clown Hotel??).
4	Came across an excellent deal on a JetBlue vacation package to Vegas and decided to give NY NY a try. I tend to go through Priceline for my hotel bookings, so it was nice to actually pick a place on my own for once. I am not too fussy about hotel accomodations, but I wanted to splurge a bit this time since it was Vegas and there are many great hotel resorts throughout the city.Check-in is probably the hardest thing to do when you are staying a Vegas hotel. The lines tend to be very long. NY NY is a good hotel, but not one with the best profile so the line was not too bad here. Checkout is super easy though. You can even checkout using the TV!I checked in at around noon so the room I wanted (king bed/non-smoking) was not available. Rather than wait for a room, I checked into a 2 queen bed/smoking Park Avenue Deluxe room for my first night.However, I was able to change over to my desired room on the following day. I just called reception to request the change. Once the new room is ready, you will get a message from them about where to move. No need to go downstairs to change your key card though. Just use your current card to enter the new room. I have to say that staff was very professional and handled my request with grace and patience.The rooms here are stylish. The marble tiles in the bathroom are classy. It really does have a New Yorker cosmopolitan vibe to them. The Park Ave rooms are quite spacey at 400 sq ft. and are located on a high floor. Because of that, you take a different elevator to get to your room than guests staying in a Skyline room.The room amenities are kind of basic though. Expect the usual of fragrant toiletries. But no coffeemakers or mini fridges. There is wi-fi access here and it is included as part of the $15 a night plus tax resort fee. That resort fee gets you a daily newspaper and access to the pool and gym.As for hotel attractons, the casino here is okay. The slots are kind of stingy. Knew I did not like Monopoly's Mr. Moneybags. Restaurant selection here appeals to a general audience and priced moderately. There are a quite a few cheap/affordable fast food options here too. And they have serval places here like Nathan's in which you can try NY food fare as well.Location is on the south end of the Strip. I would have liked to stayed closer to the middle so I did not have to walk so much. There is a free tram at the Monte Carlo next door that you can take to the Bellagio if you want to rest your feet a bit and the Monorail is across the street at MGM.Overall, I liked NY NY and enjoyed my stay. Though I think that I would stay a little closer to the middle of the Strip next time.
4	This hotel casino is one of the places my husband and I always come to play some slots. They have horse racing that you can sit and bet on, gambling tables with girls dancing on them to put on a show, plus all of the different slot machines. Plenty of bars and restaurants to grab something to eat at. We also road the roller coaster. I had promised my husband that I would ride one before he deployed because I'm not a huge fan of roller coasters,  but all in all it was a lot of fun. After the ride was over one of the attendants gave me a high five! lol
4	Stayed here for a 3- night stay to watch the Pacquiao fight. I would say the amenities could be improved, mostly because our first room was a little outdated with an old school tv. But once we made a complaint they were quick to change our room, free of charge. The new room we got was bigger, with new furniture and big flat screen tv. I think they put  you in first available rooms, but if you're not satisfied, definitely make a complaint and they will accommodate. The service is fast and the staff very friendly.The location is very convenient, right on the strip with many cool places to go inside the casino and hotel. We love the Bar at Times Piano Bar! Also Coyote Ugly is in there but not a big fan of that place. Food court at ground level, so if you need a quick cheap bite you can just go downstairs. The gym is nice and new but the pool could use an upgrade. But overall a good stay for a Vegas get away!
4	The New York New York Hotel and Casino is one of a few hotels I like to stay at where I come to Vegas!!! Nice rooms and the front desk staff at checkin and out is really nice!!!
1	I have to admit that I like New York-New York's kitschy Disney-fication of the Big Apple.  New York-New York went to great lengths and painstaking detail to try to capture landmark like Times Square and the Statue of Liberty.  Hey, it has to be accurate if the Postal Service mistakes faux Lady Liberty for the real deal!  Still, looks aren't everything.Unfortunately, this is Las Vegas and New York-New York is a casino.  Sadly NY-NY falls a bit short in being able to impart the Vegas experience and a solid gaming, dining, and boozing experience.  The most egregious sin in my book that a casino can commit is to offer games that are blatant rip-offs!  It's a Saturday around noon and one of your few open blackjack tables, one using an 8-deck shoe, is only paying 6:5 on a blackjack...a fact noted only by the very small and easy to miss print on the placard that displays the table minimum   That, my friends, is a casino that's ripping off its customers.  MGM Resorts, I thought you were better than that! If I can make it there, I'll make it anywhere...It's up to you, New York, New York.  Or at least that's what the song says.  New York-New York, the casino?  Not so much!  In a nutshell, there's no way in hell that you'll find me sitting at a table or machine in New York-New York.  If I'm going to lose money, I'd rather it be in a straight up game than one were the odds are even more stacked against me in the house's favor!
5	They saved us from the dreaded Luxor! Liza at the lobby desk, Rich at the American Bar - the first two NYNY staffers my sister and I came across made us NYNYers for life. We thought we had better save some cash and try Luxor, got bad directions to our room and (an hour later) almost threw up walking into the room. GROSS. Dirty! SICK! WTH is this doing on the strip?? And who knew?? After getting our money back and heading to NYNY the rest of our trip was perfect. Every encounter with staff was excellent. The room with the view was more than we could ask for and the entire hotel had everything we needed we really didn't have to go anywhere else. Piano Bar and Pizza were our fav's. From the Slimko Sisters, Thank you for saving our trip and give Liza and Rich raises! Or at least a high-five for making you shine :) Cheers, k
1	So to begin with, overall, I do like this hotel. The accommodations are okay, the casino is alright, and the eateries are pleasant. Here's the big HOWEVER: IF YOU EVER LEAVE YOUR BAGGAGE IN THE HANDS OF THEIR EMPLOYEES OR IN THE BELL HOP AREA, LOCK YOUR BAGS!! My boyfriend and I vacationed there May 1-3, and when we checked out, our baggage went to bell hop because our flight wasn't leaving for another 12 hours. When we got back home in Honolulu, we found some personal items (brand spanking new!!) MISSING!! I called the hotel and TWO weeks later, they are still giving me the run around about how to go about filing this complaint. Initially, they allowed me to file a complaint and i got a report number. Then they said call the RISK MANAGEMENT office (which I don't think exists!!) to follow up. I have called the office EVERY SINGLE day and EVERY SINGLE time it goes to voice mail, saying they are busy or away from the desk. They must be playing all day cause cant get them to answer ONCE. When I brought this up to a manager (about how i cannot get a hold of the RISK MANAGEMENT), they said "oh, they must be backed up." WAIT. That's the last thing I want to hear: That they have SO MANY report complaints that they re backed up. WTH. So, I call front desk, and i end up talking to several different managers saying they'll get back to me. THEY NEVER DID. I asked to be connected to an actual speaking person from the Risk Management office, and the managers say they cant connect me (How sketchy is this?!) Then just recently, the manager said they don't even have my report number. THAT WAS IT: I'VE HAD IT UP TO **HERE**. Its very frustrating because as paying guests, we should get the treatment and respect, and so far, the only thing I've walked away with is that THE ENTIRE CORPORATION DOESN'T CARE. They haven't called me back since, they haven't offered to take care of some of the expenses. I wanted to share this HORRIBLE experience over yelp because I don't think anyone else should have to experience this. By the way, if you ask to speak to a manager, don't even bother (I'd put their name on here, but I don't do threats). Yeah that's right, I just called you out.
1	Perhaps giving this place one star is not fair.  That being said - when you think of anything that is representative of NY, you think of big, bold, beautiful...okay maybe not.  Or maybe you do, but certainly not while in Vegas.  I know the BF was incredibly disappointed (he had other words) that the odds at the blackjack table was all off (he had other words too).  Though I will say that in spite of that, they do have a same selections that you will find at most of the casinos in Vegas.  Table limits I thought were a little high though for the middle of the day, even if it was the start of the "weekend".But even going beyond the gambling.  It was kind of cheesy and not in a good way.  I vaguely remember walking through here last year - and I think the only reason we stopped here this year was for coffee.  Can't say we will do that again!Start spreading the news - don't go here
4	Stayed here because I got a good deal online. I liked the room, the hotel, the bars were great. There's a little area that's designed to look like the streets of new york with bars and some hot dog stand type eateries. Coyote Ugly bar! The restaurants located in N.Y. N.Y. were so so. Unfortunately the roller coaster was closed for maintenance when I was here. The location is good, I would have preferred to be a little bit more central on the strip but for the price, the room was right!
3	Happened to stay here a total of 2 nights for a Bachelorette weekend (not by my choice). Was really dreading it, thinking of how old the property is. Turns out, they've done a half way decent job of doing some small renovations here and there in the public space that make it feel a little less outdated; but there are some pros and cons: Pros: -Good selection of restaurants from a cultural and price stand point. Loved me some cheddar burger at the Irish Joint and the NY Style Pizza was FAB. -Pool has a DJ -Cute theming carried out throughout the property. Loved the middle section with the cobblestone and big signs. -Roller coaster! -Couldn't hear our neighbors on either side.Cons: -Bad pool scene. Where did all the white trash float in from? I saw several people smoking in the pool and then ashing in it, having adult-like relations, letting unattended kids swim about, plus they rent out the cabanas (for $400 a day, mind you) and each cabana gets it's own sound system. Kind of defeats the purpose of having a DJ if you're sitting next to a cabana that is BLARING country music! Not enough chairs either. -Standard rooms are circa 1997. I swear, the bathroom fixtures, purple leather & leopard chair and blush colored wall paper must be originals. The comforters also looked to be showing some age. -Room could have been cleaner.-Couldn't check in until 3:00 PM.  Not sure if that's a Vegas standard, but an early check in to ditch our luggage would have gone a long way in my book.-No ammentities in the room.  Hello mini bar?-Tub and sink were very slow to drain.-Bad cell service in the rooms and in the hall ways of the room floors (although it wasn't bad inside the casino area).  We tried both AT&T and Verizon with no luck...Eh, I'm not sure I'd pick it to stay at again if it were up to me....but overall, it exceeded the low expectations I had for it. What else can you expect, it's Vegas baby!
4	This place is modern and clean...Lots of gambling to be played here.Limits are affordable at $5 minimum.A food court is available and ESPN zone has an adult arcade, try playing the football throwing game.Roller coaster is fun to ride, unfortunately the coaster was closed due to some bees swirling the area.
2	Stayed here mainly because my friend was getting married at Excalibur and I thought it would be better than staying there.  Major Cons: 1: Shower clogged first time we used it. had to shower in 4 inches of standing water. We called the front desk and they did have someone come repair it while we were out. Problem was when we got back the shower was unclogged but completely disgusting. Covered with black specks of god knows what. Had to ask a maid in the hallway to come clean it. 2: On the topic of maids (and really this is probably not that big a deal but just irked me). We are in Vegas...why is housekeeping knocking on my door before 9am. I mean I should have put the stupid don't knock thing on my door but holy cow. We are checking out at 11 the same day. Why are you bugging us at 830?! 3: Everyone is right - the walls are paper thin. It's obnoxious. Also (and this is probably our fault for staying here) but the roller coaster was outside our window and sooooo loud (even though we were on the 24th floor). 4: The pizza sucked. My husband is a New Yorker and was looking forward to some good New York style pizza. Instead we got about 5 pounds of smooshy dough. Nothing New York about it. 5: While the room was clean and okay in style, the bedding sucked. The pillows were horrible. I usually love hotel pillows because they are so soft and nice. These ones were like Prison style. Super uncomfortable. 6: Last but not least, there is no way to change the temp in the room. We were pretty hot and uncomfortable. Would have been nice to have been able to kick the temp down a few degrees. So basically, yes it's a bit cheaper than staying more central to the strip but unless you can't afford better I would not recommend it at all. We are 100% we will never stay there again.  It's not a dump so to say but it's not the Vegas experience I look for.
3	Rooms are big but empty, lack of furnishing.  It is located in a convenient part of the Strip.  Easy access to the airport and I-15.
4	Overall, I enjoyed my stay at the NYNY.The good:- NYC theme is cute, and pretty well executed- Room was a good size, beds were comfy, everything was clean- Casino floor is sprawling, with lots of food/drink options- Some fun penny slots for the gambling n00bs (my favorite being The Wizard of Oz - Big Event!)- Decent priceThe bad:- On the far end of the strip, so you'll be truckin' your butt across the desert if you want to hit up other spots- While I'm sure its intentional, the layout can be confusing - we got lost almost every time we were trying to find our elevatorI'd stay here again :)
4	I never stayed at this hotel. I've only been there to ride the roller coaster and walk around the casino. It does feel like I am in NYC which is one of my favorite cities. New York New York is a nice casino and the roller coaster is the best. Not sure if I will ever stay there if I return to Vegas cuz I know people who stayed there and said it wasn't what they expect. Who knows?
4	Stayed here over the May long weekend (in Canada) and had an amazing time! Was able to book a package through Southwest that gave us free tickets to Cirque shows as a bonus. We received an upgraded Park Ave room and it was huge and lovely. The beds are very comfortable and we loved the funny packaging on the toiletries provided. Our bathtub drain was ridiculously slow, but otherwise everything was great.I would recommend checking out the room-service menu. We browsed through it the first night we were in and found that their specials (and meals in general) are very reasonably priced. We got a huge slab of prime rib, that came with veggies, potatoes, buns, and a side salad, an entree salad, and a plate of nachos all for $50. There was more than enough food to feed the four people we had staying in the room, plus leftovers. And the menu is fairly similar to the 'America' restaurant down in the casino.There is a wide variety of gaming options in the casino, plus food and bars to keep you entertained. Note that the Zumanity box office is the only one that sells day-of tickets in the afternoon and can usually give you a better price than the other ticket retailers. Watch for the Rok reps walking around the bar as they'll give you wristbands to get in free and there is free champagne for ladies from 11-midnight. There is always a giant line for Coyote Ugly but if you're a lady and are with all girls, head up to the front of the line as they'll let you right in. Guys, befriend girls as this will be your ticket to avoid the lineup. I would definitely stay here again as the walk to the center of the strip isn't too long and the hotel has everything you could need. We had a fabulous time and really enjoyed all of the subtle signs mocking NY/NJ.
4	I didn't stay here, but it was nice playing table games while scantily clad girls danced on tables in front of you.  Made it less painful to lose money in roulette.
4	The NYNY is one of my favorite stops on the Las Vegas Strip for a lot of reasons. Some of the following include:1. Location (Tropicana and the Strip. Nice.)2. Theme3. Price4. Gambling Facilities (that I like)5. Dining options6. Size: not too big, not too small, not hard to get lostI the NYNY casino because of the fact that it's in a great location and the theme that it offers is rather genius. I honestly do not have a desire to go to New York city, however, I do have an appreciation of the fact that the designers of the casino did an excellent job at making sure that the details were made to look really nice! It's a classy place, and for me, it wasn't over the top, which some places feel like. It's location on the South Strip is nice. Most of the facilities in that particular area are really new, mostly stuff built in the 90s, with the exception of the Tropicana (which I hear is perking up). Either way, it's good for families that choose to go to Las Vegas. It's the epitome of the "new" Las Vegas, which is what Al Pacino calls the "Adult Disneyland," as he describes in the movie Casino. For the record, though, I'm a big fan of the old school Vegas, where you can have your whiskey and gamble at the same time while trying to be somewhat classy, but not way over the top like many places are now. The Theme. Awesome. What can I say? The design is brilliant and fun. Prices for hotels for this particular hotel are average for this area. Book online and you will find good rates. If you like living on the edge and know that travel season is not "hot" or it isn't fight night at the Mandalay or MGM, waiting last minute can be awesome too. Gambling facilities. I like the smaller sports book this place offers. Also, I appreciate the fact that the sports book is distinctly separated from the race book. I like the racing aspect of gambling and appreciate the fact that cocktail waitresses are quick to offer beverages for gamblers in this area. They were also really nice, too. Food. Good food makes a big piece of the casino. The Burger Bar they have in here is really good. Go see my review. The size of the whole resort is really big. It's not as big as the Mandalay Bay, MGM, or other similar resorts, but there's still a lot of room. I wouldn't be surprised that if they gutted out the casino floor, they can host a huge monster truck show and fill it up with about 20,000 seats in there. Either way, I appreciate the fact that casino is roomy and structured in a way that I won't easily get lost in the sea of tables and slot machines. I hate the fact that I can get lost in a casino and take hours for me to find my way out (case in point the MGM Grand). Yay! I'm a fan.
4	I stayed at New York New York for a weekend while in Vegas. When I checked in I asked for a good room and was not disappointed. The very nice check in clerk set me up with a corner room which provided views almost 180 degrees around. Awesome. After we checked in our bathroom sink was clogged and not working. We went back to the front desk to tell them and no less than 2 hours later it was unclogged and working. No big deal, and they fixed in quickly. I love the restaurants at NY NY and the casino area. There is easy access to other casinos with the bridges. The pool however is not so great, I have seen larger pools at airport hotels. Tip if you get a lower floor you might have to deal with the sound of the roller coaster, which I heard complaints about. So when you check in ask to be put away from the roller coasters. Another reason why NY NY didn't get 5 stars is that the elevators are slow and there are only two of them to get to some of the rooms. So had to wait sometimes up to 5 minutes just to get upstairs. But overall this is a great place to stay for not alot of money. Employees are nice, the rooms are nice, the casino is nice so this place is all around nice.
2	Rooms look old, run downed, had vomit smell next to one of the beds. Hallways had weird smells too, saw lots of drunk young adults being loud, sitting outside the rooms, heard people partying in their rooms! Not very classy, if you are in your 20's and want to party and drink, bump into loud drunk young people  then this is the hotel for you :) Swimming pool area was not attractive at all, small and crowded!
3	After staying here 2 different weekends in the past month, I should probably give it a review. Very comfortable, but nothing very exciting:Pluses:-Location: right across from MGM for (Wet Republic) and about a 15 min walking distance to Aria (Haze) and Cosmopolitan (Marquee)-Coyote Ugly, well not sure if this is a complete plus due to the type of ppl who show up here..-Quite a few quick bite places to eat here when you're on the go: pizza, sandwiches, etc.-Price is fairly decent, you can probably land a pretty good deal with hotwire.-Lost and Found is pretty awesome. A friend left her heels at a cafe here one night after a few too many drinks and they kept it in Lost and Found. I was back a few weeks later and was able to pick them up fairly easily.Deltas:-Small unexciting pool although easy to find beds to lay on-Noisy ppl in the hallway, it's like the doors block absolutely no sound.-The rollercoaster is one of the worst ways to spend your $14.-Drinks at the bar was unnecessarily $$. A Corona for $8?? I know it's Vegas but goddamn!!-Ultimately, it's a very meh hotel for Vegas.
1	I will never stay here again.  We are Las Vegas locals. I recommended the hotel to a few friends in town for a couple of nights.  We only stayed there one night.  First we chose the upgrade to a spa suite.  The jacuzzi tub had 6 jets in it.  3 were stuck in a poor direction and could not be moved, 2 others on the other side of the tub did not work at all.  Secondly, we patronized 2 different restaurants and had bad service at both.  We won't be having any more "staycations" here nor will we recommend it to friends or family visiting from out of town.
3	Stayed here 6/24-6/26/11.I didn't get the best room, but because I waited too long, I had to pay over 900 dollars for these two nights in their second cheapest room the "park avenue" room. That's what I get for being last minute.  The casino is okay, people make a huge deal about the huge slot machine and it's annoying to get to the Chrysler elevators, which are slow to pick you up even though there are six of them. Room itself was next to the roller coaster which was fun to watch. Cons--room occasionally smelt like sewage for some unknown reason.-they pimp that zumanity crap everywhere even in my room's bathroom-really really long hallways to get to your room-their pizza in the food area made me sick but I have a sensitive stomach.-frat guys yelling in the elevators (to be sadly expected at cheaper hotel like this)-maid carts always in the hallway empty and gross food carts left there forever-I think the maid stole my shirt The shirt story-Left a shirt in the closet, brand new from the Harley davidson shop.called them, they said our room had not been cleaned since we left and they would send someone to check the closets. They said their was no shirt there. Suspicious because it's not in my luggage or in the room where I left it, it must be in the maid's  closet now...Pros--it was open last minute-beds didn't hurt my back -room seemed clean enough(even though there was toothpaste spit left on my sink)-tv was nice enough-24 hour breakfast and room service (which I didn't try)-they had my favorite wheel of fortune secret spins slot machineIf you stay here, don't leave anything behind, book in advance and have fun!
3	We stayed over the July 4th weekend in a standard room with two double beds. The room was pretty large and had a view (corner room). Staff was friendly.I wanted to give this hotel a four star, but the bathroom took one star out. While the room itself doesn't, the bathroom shows the age of the hotel. The sink is small and old. Cold & Hot water knobs were confusing!! We never got the right direction for opening and closing the knobs - LOL. I felt the bathtub was kind of odd with a heavy glass door, which was hard to open. The tub was deep so you'd have to bring your legs up. Otherwise you'll hit your knees with the door frame (ouch!). I like taking a bath, and am a bit picky about the tub...Our rate included two buffets per day at the sister group hotels. We tried MGM and Monte Carlo, and enjoyed the one at MGM:) WIFI and parking fees are included in the resort fee ($15/day). Bed was SUPER comfy!!! Five star matress!
4	We stayed over 4th of July weekend and this hotel was awesome!  We were comped concert tickets and our room so I figured it wouldn't be all that great, I was so wrong! Our room was nice it was a park avenue suite, kind small but definately comfy and served its purpose. Probably the only thing I would have changed was our sliding glass door shower, after a day of walking up and down the strip I really love to soak in the tub not possible with that model. Plus the hubby is a big broad guy so it was kind of cramped on space.  We walked down to the registration desk to ask about our free concert tickets and met Christian (think that was his name) he gave us such a hard time , was a total smart ass made us crack up laughing I loved him! We are definately staying there again, we had a blast!!
4	I got a chance to stay here for a night in a complimentary room. I LOVE the interior decor, it has flare =) There's even street names! Some places to check out: Sirrico's for pizza (big slices of pizza for less than $5!), Fulton's Fish for fish n chips! Il Fornaio has good Italian food, but it's on the pricey side. Don't forget to take a ride on the roller coaster at night! Great views and fun!Wifi comes with your room too. Big bonus in Vegas, where you usually have to pay for wifi!
4	New York New York is a nice hotel. Can't really complain because I always stay here for free. The rooms are nice and always clean. It's conveniently placed at the beginning of the strip so you don't have to decide which way you want to walk first. I also like the eateries inside. Chin Chin is a really good asian food place. Their seafood noodles and friend rice are amazing! Very nicely seasoned and not too salty. The cafe with the desserts is really good too. I love my chocolate! The hotdog joint is really good as well. I recommend their chili cheese dog. It's SOOOO good!I know I'll be staying here again since free rooms are always offered! :)
5	new york new york never disappoints. Love the theme and decor. love the rollercoaster ask for the 2 for 1 deal. love nathan's hotdog. room is clean with comfy beds.
3	Nice suite with in room spa. The beds are very comfortable like home. Room is big with it's own dining area,  living room, 2 TV,  Bose surround system and home like amenitiesThe bid thumb down is the awful cigarette smell.  My family and i had one year of our  life gone in smoke.    I recommend to this Hotel to smokers only and keep kids away from there.
4	Good location. Clean rooms. Check in took at least an hour.. Didn't eat inside hotel cuz everything closed around 10 or 11pm... Nice to have a rollercoaster outside your window..staff was very friendly
5	We didn't stay at New York, New York, but we did gamble and eat there. I had more fun in this casino than any of the others we went to. I loved the atmosphere! We had the best service when we were here; either on the floor with the comped drinks, which where not watered down like some other places, or at any one of the bars or restaurants there. We moved around a lot and it seemed that every time we'd stop to gamble, one of the waitresses would come and ask us if we wanted a drink. We never went with out one for long. We'd chuckle every time the rollercoaster would come through and you could hear the people on it screaming. It just added to the fun.  I enjoyed this Casino much more than I did the hotel/casino I stayed in. The next time I go to Las Vegas, this is where I want to stay.
2	I wanted to try this hotel because I thought the design was neat. I have never stayed here and the price was pretty good. I liked the gambling area and the restaurant area was cute. Looked like you were walking on a street through a neighborhood with trees and everything. We stayed in a Broadway room. You have to be careful when you book that you are not put in a room with pink windows. I was warned of this before we booked because apparently your whole room is pink all the time. The room was pretty spacious. Unfortunately it did have a big column in the room that blocked part of our view. You do get two big windows though. I know you don't go Vegas to watch t.v. but when it's late and you just want to fall asleep to it you want it to work. It's a small junky old t.v. Keep your little kids away from it because it's really loose on the little swivel thing that holds it. The remote had a mind of it's own. It didn't matter what you pressed on the remote it just went all over the place. Plus you had to use your muscles to even get it to work at all. Then, of course 50% of the channels rolled so your couldn't even see a picture. So I thought, heck with the t.v. let's listen to the ipod on the ipod dock. Nope. Volume didn't work. Finally, after ten minutes of poking at it with a pen I got the volume to work a little. When you stay at this hotel remember to bring your Draino. The bathroom sink drains slooooww. While washing my face I looked down and almost the whole sink was filled. I liked the shower though. There was a light in there for good leg shaves and it had plenty of shelves for all of our girly things. The room itself was pretty clean although I think they need to clean out the dusty vents. Lots of sneezing going on.Pool area was B-O-R-I-N-G. It was pretty small and the sun didn't hit it until about 12:30 or 1:00. So if you go out early to get a seat then prepare not to get any sun until then. Though that might be a good thing. We sort of enjoyed not being scorched. But if that is your goal then don't rush out there. Poolside seats are limited but people get so bored they leave so you could get a poolside seat if you wait it out a bit. So if you come to Vegas on the cheap this hotel isn't too bad. Just warning you of all the little pitfalls.
4	I really had such a good time at this hotel.  We loved the interior of the casino, the small restaurants are laid out like new york neighborhoods and has a really cool and fun feel.  We ate at Greenbergs Deli every morning for breakfast and ordered the Nova Scotia smoked salmon platter and it was amazing.  I would say they give you too much smoked salmon but I don't think that is possible.  The Nine Fine Irishmen pub has a pretty good happy hour and handsome bartenders with Irish accents!  Chin Chin was a decent place to go to for some sushi. The rooms themselves were pretty nice.  We upgraded from the cheapest room that we had reserved and it was very clean.  The TV would mysteriously change channels on occasion, honestly that is the biggest complaint I have for the room.  The pool isn't that big and it doesn't get deeper than 4 feet and that is only close to the volleyball net.  The pool area does stay shaded for a good portion of the day but I am so fair skinned that I didn't mind though my friends who were looking for a tan were a bit disappointed.  It was a great way to stay cool in the 100+ heat plus you are allowed to take your drinks with you in the pool.I'd definitely stay at this hotel again and again!
4	New York, New York will always hold a special place in my heart because, well, it's New York. :) I'm a serious sucker for themed re-creations, and New York is Vegas' prime example. Their little downtown shops & restaurants, complete with phony upstairs apartment windows and fire escapes; their Coney Island;  their Brooklyn Bridge. Just charming.I've stayed here before, and I'm definitely a fan. Prices are reasonable, and this hotel maintains a high level of quality, even though it's not brand new. The inside just sparkles - it's completely mesmerizing, and you can totally get into the NY vibe.If you haven't checked this one out, it's a must visit. I love New York!
2	Stay at the Monte Carlo. The bars and casinos are better. The casino at NY NY is too busy, the layout of the hotel is confusing, and service is slow. The restaurants have great food though. I rarely take the time to write reviews, but I felt compelled to write about how terrible our room was. The sink had the smell of sewage in the pipes, the TV kept changing channels by itself, there was a cigarette burn in the bed spread, and they only gave us two flat pillows. I had to ask for them to bring more and that took 30 minutes! And, the concept of being "environmentally" friendly is a load of crap, like all hotels. Find a hotel where resort fees are included if you're not going to use any spa or fitness services. Paying extra money for things I didn't use was a waste. The food at all of the restaurants were great. I recommend staying at another MGM resort hotel and then go to New York-New York for food or drinks. Seriously, you'll see the difference in all of the hotels when you visit and you'll find the layout and gift shops are A LOT better.
3	Walked there for the roller coaster because I thought it was cool.........it was kinna short, I've seen better.
2	I will NEVER go to this hotel ever again. I was promised a room with a view of the strip but when we arrived they said that it was changed to a pool but when we went to the room there was no view but a stupid wall and a piece of the sky. The service was bad they left the food in the hallway for more than 2 nights it was horrible. Seriously the spa suite that  smelled like a garbage dump. Next time go to Monte Carlo were they have better rooms and service for the price.
3	I had a decent time in NYNY. Their bars were awesome. The main Times Square bar had dual pianos/karaoke nights which were a lot of fun.The rooms are just Ok. A bit small if you ask me an the location itself is not very central. Yes, you could take the monorail to wherever you need, however, getting to the monorail is a good 20min walk every time you need to go out. They also have no poker rooms and you have to go to MGM to play. If you are looking for a fun hotel, NYNY might do it for you but if you're looking for something central that's reasonably priced, I'd recommend Flamingos.
3	The scenery in this hotel is awesome-- especially their little New York suburb area. In this hotel there's a sandwich shop that is a good deal if you're looking for something cheap and filling to eat. You get sandwich, chips and drinks for about $10 or less. The rooms here are alright. Of course New York themed. This is one of the newer hotels when it comes to the MGM brands. There is also a walk-way to Excalibur and MGM Grand. I went on the roller coaster back in the day when it first opened. Not the most thrilling coaster, but it's something fun to do. I would suggest doing it at night. I've been to Rok Vegas in the hotel. It's a very small, bar/club. If you're a girl you get open bar until 11pm or so. Definitely not a place I would want to stay all night. Gambling here isn't the best. I feel like they don't have the best tables.
3	I've never actually stayed here, but I like it here. There is a lot to see and do. The casino has a wide variety of slots and other games.
3	A few years ago it seemed this hotel was pretty happening - not so much anymore. I stayed at a newer hotel this trip but thought I'd mosey on over and see how the blackjack tables were at NY NY. We also stopped by for dinner on a Friday night at Gallagher's and found we weren't missing anything.Well needless to say the venture was a waste of time. The place wasn't happenin' whatsoever on a Friday night nor a late Saturday afternoon. The bj dealer was super lame and was talking to the pit boss the whole time with a pretty full table. Guess the fun dealers are down the road at Cosmo.Just wanted to stop by and re-live the past...but as they say keep the past behind you.
2	We stayed here this pass Friday night and Saturday. Rooms are nothing great, but seemed clean. Like that they have a safe available in the room free of charge.We decided to gamble there Friday night and I swear there was like one waitress working this big slot area. We moved to other machines and I flagged her down and she said she'll be right back when she dropped off the drinks to other customers. I waited and she never came back so I decided to go to another section and saw her and basically had to chase her down. Really NYNY......it's a Friday. Boo to them!Gambling here is ok as they have a good slot selection and it's not bad.
3	The price was just too good, so we booked the hotel for one night. I don't think I will ever be curious about this hotel again.Check in was lovely. We got a free upgrade from a Skyline room to a Park Avenue room, which is very nice! So front desk service was ace. Too bad we got the wrong direction to the elevator we needed to go to, but hey, maybe the free upgrade was worth it. Or maybe. Going to our room was really annoying. When we got to our floor, it felt like endless turns to get to our room. I guess because the building is a funny shape, the hallways are built accordingly. Too bad that it's really annoying, but at least you won't get lost. You just feel like you're in an intestine, waiting for the relief that is your room.Rooms were decently clean. Bed was scratchy, and I just couldn't get comfortable. Very uncomfortable. I didn't sleep very well. In fact, I couldn't wait to wake up. This was very bad planning on my body's part, and because of this massive miscommunication, led to a not so fresh and energetic Hayne that was a little bit sick and required a little help from Starbucks and Theraflu... the former which was thankfully and conveniently located in the hotel. Bathroom was big, but the tub was kind of gross because it didn't drain. By this time, we had just given up on the room and was grateful to check out and move on. Bartender service was a little unfriendly. I felt like because the bartender saw that we were Asian, that he could skimp on service. Um, no! I felt super uncomfortable at the bar and instantly regretted even going there!Also got a coupon booklet. Word of advice: get your jello shots from Fat Tuesdays. They're $1 and not... more than whatever they have the coupon for. Also, coupon for well drinks isn't really worth it. In fact, we just threw away our coupon book after thinking it over. There are lots of better deals out there that you can take advantage of. Overall? You get what you paid for. I'm glad I didn't pay full price for this joint, and I would stay here again if a good deal like this popped up again. I just wouldn't be looking forward to the clogged drain and the bed, and I wouldn't get my drink on here.
4	So NY NY is my favorite casino.  I'm not sure why but the energy here is just pretty cool.  It's fun and laid back and the amount of douche-tards walking around is somehow kept to a minimum.  You've got a good selection of entertainment.  There's the cirque show Zumanity, the nightclub Rok and a few restaurants that are just yummy.  Nine Fine Irishmen is the irish pub with great fish & chips and guinness poured the correct way.  There's a midway area for kids and a pretty damn cool roller coaster.As far as the rooms go, they're pretty standard.  But check this out....for about the same price (or less) than you would pay at another hotel on the strip, you can upgrade to a spa room which has a clover-shaped jacuzzi in the room.  The spa room is a bit bigger than the standard room which makes hanging in your room and relaxing pretty cool.  The amenities are pretty standard for a vegas hotel.  Nothing really over the top.  The beds are comfortable but nothing special.  Bottom line is that if you're staying on the strip, NY NY is a nice convenient place to stay with a couple of affordable upgrades!
3	My husband and I have stayed here for our anniversary the past 3 years.  Overall, I enjoy this hotel.  Reasonably priced, and when I have had complaints about service they have been resolved (mostly) satisfactorily.  On this recent trip, I stopped at the desk the morning after I checked in to make sure that I was in the correct room type because it was so much smaller than the room's the previous years.  I was assured that I was in the correct room but that sometimes the room size varies because of the building architecture.  The desk clerk offered to move me to another "building" without my asking and the room we were moved to was much more what we were accustomed to.  However, one evening I slipped and fell in the Village Eateries area, and was informed that the hotel can't be held responsible for people spilling drinks.  Ummm?  Do you serve bleach water now?  Because that's what the puddle I slipped in was.The coffee shop that has some desserts available was awesome.  The desserts are delicious and they are reasonably priced. However, they aren't open very late, so if you want a post-show treat you're going to need to get it in advance and put it in your room on ice.Zumanity is a great show, and there are frequently deals on tickets.
1	Terrible, we've stayed at other MGM resorts and they were all better (regardless of price) than this one.
1	so to start i should tell you we stayed at the vdara for two nights (hotwire for $97) and then we moved over to NYNY for two nights (expedia $124 ) i tell you DO NOT STAY HERE!! it is like a going from a hotel by neiman marcus to a hotel by walmart. this is clearly one of those theme hotels they plan to tear down after 10 years or so. downstairs in the casino is fun and whatnot, but stay somewhere else! expedia gives it a 3.5 stars but it is not......
4	Only writing about roller coaster. FUN!
3	I like this place.  Didn't stay, only gambled.  I really like the decor, inside and out.  Dunno what it is, I just think making the whole building look like the buildings of New York is a really smart idea.  Lots of places to eat and all kinds of gambling options.  Try the turkey burger at the Broadway Bar & Grill.  If you do, you'll be thanking me later.
3	Cool hotel on the south end of the strip, close to the newer hotels.  Decent prices
1	I had the worst experience ever at this hotel.  I was woken in the middle of the night by a man from security standing at the foot of my bed.  He said he was from hotel security, and was there to check on an alarm that was supposidly going off.  There was no alarm going off.  He then saw that my son had woken up in the other bed, and turned around and left.  Hotel management confirmed he was with security, but why was he standing in my room?  He didn't knock or anything.  At first the only thing they offered was to comp the resort fees.  I had to ask to get the night comped too.  What I told one of the managers was that I understood he might had gone to the wrong room, but when he opened the door and saw all of the lights were off, and no alarm was going off, why did he enter?  Per their policy, a phone call was supposed to be made to the room first, which wasn't.  I will never stay there again.  Hotel security has no respect for privacy.  And, I haven't heard a thing from the hotel regarding the matter.
4	Pros: 1. Location. Right next to Excalibur. From Excalibur, take a tram to Luxor or Mandalay Bay. Right next to Monte Carlo. From Monte Carlo, walk into Aria or take a tram to the new Crystals mall or the Bellagio. From the Bellagio, walk across the street to Caesar's Palace (which is across from Bally's and Flamingo).Walk across the street to MGM, M&M World, Coke World, and GameWorks arcade.2. Spa Suite. Spa Suites (with jacuzzi tubs) on the Strip range in price with the Luxor and NYNY on the low end, MGM and Monte Carlo on the slightly higher end, then up to Treasure Island and Caesar's Palace, until you get into the super expensive hotels like Bellagio and Venetian or hotels that only have jacuzzi tubs in pent-house priced suites like Paris. NYNY's spa suite is spacious and the tub is a clover-shaped tub with four jets in the bottom. The jets can hit the small of your back or your legs, but because of where they are located, they cannot massage your back or shoulders. There is plenty of room for two. For the price, well worth it (we paid $80/night in August). 3. Nine Fine Irishmen. Good food with real Irish (or at least British) fare as opposed to an American menu with fish and chips thrown in. The food is quality (I highly recommend the butter and caramel bread pudding) and the vibe is relaxing. 4. Dueling Pianos. Throughout the afternoon and evening, one bar has dueling pianos where two pianists take requests from the audience and play them on the piano and sing. However, it's more than that. They are entertainers and will sometimes parody a song. There's no cover, actual tables (but also dance floor) and food and bar service. It's a great way to have an entertaining evening without the ridiculous cost of a bottle service at a night club and since you can influence the music being played, more likely to cater to your tastes. 5. The resort fee includes the wi-fi. 6. Access to Monte Carlo's pool. Cons. 1. Temperature control in the rooms. The thermostat is not programmable. You just toggle a little bar from "warm" to "cool". Our room was freezing, but if I moved it just a smudge toward "warm," the heater (and it's bad, unused heater smell) kicked on. 2. Pool is unimpressive, but you have access to the far superior Monte Carlo pool as a NYNY guest.
3	I stayed here this past Labour Day weekend with my boyfriend, as they offered us a complimentary stay. The room was clean and decently sized and the hotel is pretty constant with it's New York theming. It was cool to walk around and enjoy the shops and kinda get that "New York Feel"My BIGGEST draw with this place is the walk from the tower elevators to my room. This could have been better planned out, for sure. It seems like there is only a set of elevators at the center of the building, meaning if you have a room at the END of  the building, the walk to your room can be slightly ridiculous.Props for having a roller coaster running around the building though. That's kinda cool, and the coaster is actually amazing to ride!
2	In the land of Vegas, New York looks beautiful but the casino inside is meh.. There's a decent food selection and the rooms are nice and clean. But I've stayed at several hotels in Vegas and I know this one is one I won't be going back to. The highlight of this place is the Piano Bar. Its located near big hotels, but its not even close to the central part of the strip. Everything is being build around Venetian and expanded out the opposite way, so to get to the Bellagio or Caesars requires a cab. And their sports betting area is just a huge disappointment.
2	We stayed here because my dad spends lots of money in the casinos so we get free rooms and comps. The Merriweather fight was on the weekend we went so we didn't get our first, second, or third hotel choice. We went with NYNY since we'd never stayed here and it looks cool.First, the parking was fine. It was quite a long walk from the garage down the elevators, through the midway, down the escalators, then to registration...but at least we weren't carrying lots of bags (insert sarcastic mark)The trouble began once we started dining. We had breakfast on Saturday at Il Fornaio (delicious!)...then when we tried to charge the meal to our room I was told (very politely, btw) that I wasn't authorized to room charge. I informed the waiter that I was on the room and also authorized, so he talked to his manager and it was fine.Nine Fine Irishmen, no problem. Then we go to the pool (they don't allow outside beverages - ridiculous) and get a couple of drinks. I'm told I can't charge to the room (again). Repeat earlier experience, except this time the incredibly rude pool bartender doesn't call his manager or the front desk and simply says NO. Ok fine. Here are the drinks back that you already poured, except you have to waste them. Definitely better than getting money for them (insert another sarcastic mark).We call the front desk and ask what's going on as we can use the room charge sometimes and sometimes not. They say that I am on the room charge, but whomever is running the bill has to call the front desk for authorization. Sounds like a broken system to me.The cherry on top was checkout. We go to checkout, and the rooms, room charges, etc. are all on the bill. My dad argues with the supposed casino host for about 15 minutes (reading off of printed email confirmations of offers of free room and food) and only gets 2/3 off of the bill.Overall, the good was good, but the bad was so bad. The people we encountered (except the pool bartender and casino host on the phone) were actually really cool people - you could tell they were hamstrung by the suits upstairs and actually cared about the customer (they were the only reason I didn't leave one star). Their system is so messed up that if you were less aware, you'd think the faces you see incompetent, but in actuality, they are in dire need of a system overhaul.Needless to say, we will NOT be staying here again, even if offered another free room, as apparently even that is not guaranteed.
3	I spent Labor Day weekend with friends in Vegas and NYNY served as our homebase. The hotel itself is clean and well-attended with a nice variety of eateries, games, bars, and other standard casino fare. Self parking and valet are free. I opted to self park and parked on the roof of the garage and could see my ride from the room. Late checkout gives you an extra hour.The burger joint, steakhouse, and Italian restaurant are particularly delicious with excellent service and the Irish pub and center bar are fun and lively spots. I didn't ride the roller coaster, but heard it was good enough to not feel ripped off.The pool is nothing special, though cabanas are available to rent and I had the pleasure of relaxing by one. A flatscreen TV, fridge, outdoor fan, and plenty of lounge furniture made it an enjoyable intermission to the trip.Visit the spa before booking, if possible. It's not the luxury you might expect from a hotel spa off the strip, but still nice.Our room was situated in the New Yorker B tower, which overlooks the parking garage, roller coaster, and pool. The windows in this tower (and possibly others, too?) are quite small, allowing very little light into the room during the day. Lighting in the bathroom was also dim and water pressure somewhat weak. Our room had no fridge, but offered a safe and clock radio with iPod dock and a 40" flatscreen TV. Beds were moderately comfortable and extra pillows were provided. Free WiFi is available in all rooms.The connecting bridge to Imperial Palace is handy as it leads to the free tram travelling to Mandalay Bay, home to House of Blues. Overall, this hotel is fine in terms of cleanliness and convenience. I'd stay here again, but if you're looking for Vegas extravagance where you're immersed in the hotel theme down to the detail, look elsewhere.Room Tip: Some rooms are quite far from the elevators - if you have mobility limitations or fear the long walk an impossible chore after an evening of drink, request one close by!
2	We spent the weekend here on my last visit to Las Vegas.  The interior of the lobby is nice.  They've done a good job making you feel like you're walking down a street in New York.  However, the rooms were small and the hotel was generally kind of shabby.  Once you got past the glitzy bottom, the actual hallways and rooms felt out of date and on par with a Best Western.  Personally, I would never stay here again, especially considering the price.
4	One of my favorite MGM properties.I haven't stayed at NYNY since 5 years ago, so I can't really say anything about the rooms, but I love this hotel for the feel and for the main public area and the restaurants!First off, my favorite steakhouse anywhere is Gallahger's.  It's is the same Gallahger's as the one in NY and when dining inside, it does feel like a NY steakhouse.  It's not the fanciest, yes, but it is just good steak.  There's a display fridge showing you how they dry age their beef and shows you that's exactly what they serve!There's also plenty of other eateries that's legit.  It's overpriced, especially for pizza, but having a pretty authentic NY pizza at 2am in the morning is awesome.  Also others that's a little more "fast-food-ish" but they all have something to do with NY.Lots of bars, such as the Irish pub/piano bar.  It gets packed on the weekend and the crowd is a little older, but the pub does offer a good Guiness on draft.  Probably due to the crowd and moving through kegs faster, it just tastes fresher, or maybe it is the psychological effect :POne thing is that the casino floor is a little dark and a little random for me in terms of the placement but it's still "new" enough compared to some of the other hotels on the strip!As a themed hotel, it does a pretty good job in presentation, albeit corny, but c'mon, can't expect real NY in Vegas!
3	It's an A-OK place to hang your hat after partying the night away. All the bars are really LOUD if you like that sort of thing. If not, you'll need to party at another hotel like we did. They have plenty of affordable eateries in the hotel when compared to most places on the strip.Our room was decent except for the fact that there was visible blood stains on the bedding. You can tell the sheets were washed, but my wife was having none of that, Fugetabboutit! We called housekeeping to change the bedding. The desk clerk didn't recognize this as a problem when reported at checkout since no financial accommodation was offered.I'm hoping the bedsheet thing was an aberration and would return if the price was right.
2	Stayed here a few years ago. So this review may be very vague from what I remember. Ive both gambled here on other occacions, also caught the zumanity show. But I'll get to the point.There really is no wow factor to this hotel. Rooms are clean, yet small. Sheets are clean, but not very modern. Amenities, well I don't remember any. It's all pretty bland. Didn't get on the roller coaster, which I kinda regret. Pool is small. And theres a very strange odor that lingers every now and then around the pool area.I think the best part of the hotel is the lobby area. They have mock shops there, with restaurants. They have this one little pastry shop that is really cool. And sells great tarts. Right next to this gag magic gift shop. That carries a mock Shaun Connery mask. Its hilarious, other than that. I can't bring up anything memorable. Id say this is a good family hotel, or close to it here in Vegas anyway.
4	walking around streets of New York.  always worth a visit
4	This place is pretty neat, It's new york themed of course and it has an awesome Roller coaster on the top as well as a game room.The pizza place is pretty expensive I got a large coke for about $4 and some change. One of the many perks about Vegas over paying for a simple item.The atmosphere is nice, they have cool gift shops as well.
2	Casino review only.  So here I was, waiting for my hubby and friends to get back from the M and M store across the street.  I found my favorite Lord of the Rings slot, and sat down for 45 minutes or so.  The casino just feels SOOOOO dirty and grimy to me.  very dark...and awkwardly shaped and laid out.  very loud.  VERY LOUD.  i didn't lose on the slot, but due to the weirdness that was around me, I'd never go back.  the bathrooms are now really dated (and very dirty)...and hard to find.  upstairs was the arcade (completely empty) and Nathan's hotdogs (no one there).  the casino seemed busy, but not too busy on a weekday afternoon.  this place reminded me of the Luxor dark, dingy, and disgusting.  oh well.
4	We didn't stay at this hotel but will choose it for the next trip to Vegas. We were WOWed by the fact they had so many affordable food options compared to the other hotels on the strip.The village eateries were inexpensive and good.  Sirrico's Pizza was delicious and they had a special: slice and beer for $6.50 - can't beat that in Vegas. America restaurant is open 24/7 and they have delicious food too. The roller coaster is a good adrenaline boost.We also liked the casino and dueling piano bar a lot.
1	One of the filthiest dirtiest casinos I have ever been inside. This hotel is so off my list I can not explain it ! The casino floor was so filthy dirty, empty drink glasses all over the place, full ashtrays everywhere, disgusting machines so dirty that you do not want to touch the buttons. When I asked the floor "key" person, he simply shrugged and said, "you can go anywhere you want, why do you come here if you do not like it?" Seriously- the bathrooms are so dated, you actually have to flush your own toilet, imagine that ! The bathrooms were also very filthy dirty, no one had been around them for a while, most were dilapidated of toilet paper or seat covers. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME at this hotel !
5	We just got back from a three night stay in Vegas and the New York, New York has a fan for life in me!   I read through many reviews trying to decide where to stay when we are there and am so glad that I made the decision that I made!Sure there might be swankier hotels on the strip...and if that is what you are looking for, go ahead and shell out the extra cash...But for me the NY NY was JUST RIGHT!  I love the restaurant options it offers...Really nice to be able to either eat at a nice restaurant or just grab a slice of delicious NY Style pizza and a beer for $6.50! We had a blast dancing at the Rok Nighclub... Saw Zumanity our first night and loved the show.,,,.The dueling piano bar entertainment is really fun...and Coyote Ugly offers another fun night time option as well. We rode the roller coaster and had fun playing volleyball in the swimming pool. I also love that it is a hop skip and a jump from the MGM and the monorail that goes up the strip! Very convenient. The housekeeping staff was warm, friendly, and non-intrusive...and we had excellent service at the check-in desk as well as w/ the bell hop when we checked our bags after checkout for a couple more hours of gambling before heading to the airport...which is really close too! Look no farther if you are looking for a fun, hip, and welcoming place to stay on the Vegas Strip!  Be a part of it at the New York, New York! :-)
2	I was disappointed with my room the last time I stayed here. It wasn't cleaned properly. I only stay here when I'm on a budget crunch. The restaurants at this hotel aren't good and are very pricey.
3	The hotel is in a great location on the strip and the rooms were nice. There are so many food options and the serve huge portions at an affordable price.  The pool area is small and the sports book is tiny! If you're interested in betting on sports and watching the game, be prepared to stand or go to the restaurant next door.
1	I've stayed here everytime I go to Vegas because I love the Spa Suites, but this time I booked it for my wedding and the lady checking me in tells me I had to pay $100 deposit for each night which amounted to $1000. Are they freaken out of their mind!?!? I've never been charged before and if this was their policy, how come they didn't mention that when I booked it? The lady never smiled and just kept telling me I had to pay it until I started getting loud enough for other people to hear me. She then said she would talk to her manager and came back and told me they will cut it in half?!?! Excuse me, money doesn't grow on trees. If I wasn't there for my wedding and all my friends & relatives were staying there to be close to me, I would not have stayed there.To top it all off, I asked for a smoking room and the B*&$# gave me a non smoking room.  And like clockwork, housekeeping ignores the "Do Not Disturb" sign everyday. They would knock lighly for a second and then let themselves into my room!!!! WTF  NEVER AGAIN NYNY
4	I wasn't expecting the rooms to be all that nice here due to being next to Excalibur...(which has crappy rooms) but I was really pleasantly surprised. The style of the rooms inside reminded me of the comsopolitan's decor. They were very modern and clean. I thought compared to the price of other similar rooms at other hotels - the price was fair too. I would stay here again, for sure. However, we were given vouchers for the "breakfast buffet" but we ended up going to the wrong one. The restraunt (I think its asian themed) thats next to the elevators to the rooms - SUCKS. Dont go there for breakfast if you want a quality meal. We paid way too much money for the "buffet" which consisted of nasty eggs, boring hashbrowns, bacon and overpriced orange juice. They didnt even have belgian waffles, pancakes, or french toast (pretty obvious breakfast staples) and there was no variety of tasty food. The cantelope they surprisingly offered was dry, tastless and out of season. I stayed at a Quality Inn for $50 a night in a not so great part of San Diego last weekend, and their FREE breakfast in the lobby was much better and had more variety. So thats sayin' something!
4	I've always liked the New York-New York. It certainly has one of the more exciting street-fronts. They have a fun little casino in a mini Time Sq type area. Lots of slots, not too many table games. Good drinks. I really love the NY Pretzel joint at the top of the escalators. MMM.
3	We came here just for the roller coaster....Boy o Boy  i didnt know it was going to be that painful, that was the most painful roller coaster EVER!!!! other than that it was really fun! I wouldnt mind it if the top restraint wasnt so hard...maybe they can improve it with some cushions so your head and neck dont smash in the restraints as hard...
4	First place I ever stayed in Vegas it was like 13 years ago. It has aged well. Roller Coaster rocks!
4	I really loved my stay at NYNY during the first week of November 2011. The room was awesome (Park Avenue Premium View on 29th floor of Century tower). The beds were super comfy, especially with the cushioned headboards. The view was awesome. I really have no complaints. As far as dining options, Gonzalez y Gonzalez was soooo good! I am still dreaming about the shredded beef crispy tacos and the guac they make tableside. Chin Chin was pretty good too as was America. We ate at America for breakfast (veggie egg white frittata-yum) and carried out rueben sandwiches at 3AM  that were pretty good. The fries are really great, good seasoning. It was nice to have a 24 hour restaurant to order what ever you want and take to your room. My only dining warning is to stay away from NYP-the pizza place they have. It is worse than Sbarro! Cold pizzas that were cooked hours ago with very little to no sauce on them that are then reheated in the oven when you order a slice. They were really gross and the garlic knot I tried was dried out, hard and flavorless. The center bar was a cool place to chill with leather couches all around (2 drink pp minimum which was no problem for us!) Pour 24 was a pretty chill place to with a great beer and cocktail selection. NYNY was exactly what we were looking for. A comfy room to crash in, plenty of restaurant and bar choices, good casino with decently loose slots and great walking distance from the other main hotels. And I hit the jackpot on one of the penny slots for a cool $1300! Thanks for paying for my trip and then some NYNY! I will definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Vegas.
3	We pulled in at 2am and all they had left were smoking rooms. My friend was tired so we decided not to shop around...The front desk lady was pleasant and offered to change our room if it was too smoky. The room is pretty nice I guess... Big tv, nice view... I expected more but then again it was my first time in Vegas. I thought the hotels were supposed to be nicer/fancier. The valet/luggage service was pretty swift and they got our bags up to the room shortly after we got situated. We ended up going downstairs to their restaurant (American?) and I had a 3AM steak dinner and a lovely cocktail aptly named "all-nighter". The service and the food were both good and I left a happy camper. I shouldn't have stayed downstairs to gamble (only getting about 2 hrs of sleep) but hey, when in Vegas...
4	NY-NY.....Great spot on the strip.Clever use of space for a fake neighborhood food court.  Great gaming area and home to the Coyote Ugly Bar.  Its touristy but I enjoy it.  You get Nathan's hot dogs on the second floor and delicious pretzels.Love the look of the outside and I think it is one of the best themed casinos in Vegas.
4	My husband and I spent three nights in Vegas as part of our honeymoon. We stayed at NYNY and we had a great time here. When we first arrived we were greeted by a bellhop and they took our bags off our hands right away. They gave us a claim ticket and told us to call when we got to our room and they would deliver our bags to us. Check-in was quick and easy. We made it clear we did not a room too close to the roller coaster and they accommodated that. We barely heard it at all. We decided to upgrade to the Players Suite for an additional $90 a night and I am glad we did. It was a great room. When it said there was a spa in it I assumed it would be a spa bathtub but to my amazement it was an actual spa!!!! It was so relaxing and we enjoyed it. It had two TV's and a sitting area. Now I am spoiled and addicted to suites. LOL. They have a very extensive room service menu and the prices are not too bad. They are also very prompt and polite when you order room service. The only real issue we had here is when we first checked in our phone in our room was not working. That is why I am deducting a star because that should not be an issue at all.  I used my cell phone to call downstairs to have someone to fix it and the lady who answered seemed to not believe us. I also requested our bags at this time and they sent someone really quick for that. Then she had us push all these buttons and then she said she was going to try to call the room and of course it did not work so she finally sent someone up. It kind of took a while and we called back and said we want to go out so how much longer and they said we did not have to stay. As we were getting ready the guy arrived to fix it. Turns out the phone needed a new cable. Kind of annoying but it got fixed and that's all that matters. The casino was great and I love how they had it set up like NY. I thought it was cute. the outside of it looks really cool too. There is no shortage of games to play and we had a blast. We have a list of hotels we would like to stay at so we will change it up next time but I do recommend this hotel. I will stay here again one day.
2	Didn't really fancy this casino.  Small and didn't have any slots that I wanted to play.  I really like the facade of this casino.  It is really swell.
1	Stayed at Ziggurat Suite @ NYNY over Thanksgiving. Service: Although the line was long at the check-in, some of the clerks were just looking into the computer screens and not bothering to help ppl check in faster.   Unit: EVERYTHING in the unit  was very dated: from plumbing to the bed covers. Not even basic toiletries were provided. No tea or coffee pot.  Old bulky TV's taking up lots of space. .. Dual Piano bar was hideous with $25 per person entry.  Wait is extremely long by the elevators,  10 -15 min during check-out time.  Will never stay there again.
4	Never stayed here but I love the casino and Zumanity! Will hopefully stay here next time around & will be sure to update my review!!
4	NY-NY is a huge hotel. Just like all the other casino/hotels next to each other. Although this hotel is nice, there is nothing really that stood out to me. I would come and stay here as well.
4	stayed here for 6 days. I eat at there nicer restraunts. went to there show, did a bit of gambling had pretty ok time. i would have maybe liked a little better customer service. spent  a bit of money and never got noticed. but over all the place is nice and pretty clean and rooms are good but the pillows suck.
4	I'm a fan of New York, New York. It's a great location on the strip, and it was super convenient to the MGM Grand where we stayed. We ended our night on their gaming floor and lost some cash in Roulette, but the waitresses were on the spot and really friendly even though we weren't playing any high stakes games.The high ceilings make it comfortable and airy- definitely no claustrophobia in this place. We did get a chance to ride the roller coaster at the top which was a little pricy for the length of the trip, but I'm glad I did it once.
5	I do have to say I was satisfied with my stay. I would stay here again. Easy access to the strip and freeway. Lots of great restaurants and a huge roller coaster. Prices on rooms are very reasonable.
1	This place is hell. Avoid at all costs. So tempted to elbow my way through the obese, slow people who can't get out of the way and give them a real NY,NY experience.
4	Stayed here for 3 nights when I was in Vegas to get married. The rates were awesome in December and since we planned on venturing off the strip quite a bit, it had great access to the interstate without having to drive on barely any of Las Vegas Blvd. We did not gamble at all, so I have nothing to say about the casino, but it seemed much more open and airy than a lot of the other ones we walked through. All the staff I encountered were very nice and pleasant. The room we had was very clean and had a nice TV and a great view of the strip and the roller coaster. I haven't stayed at any other hotel/casinos to compare it to, but there was nothing I could really complain about. The only thing I noted about the other hotel/casinos on the strip that I may have liked better was that they had more "cheaper" food options.
1	This is the second time I've stayed at this hotel and the only reason I came back was because my friend was staying here. I'm very disappointed with my current stay not only because of the resort fees, but the room we had was horrible. After unpacking I decided to take a shower and when I started the water brown water came out of the faucet. There were other little things that I disliked, but I would end up writing an essay. I would only stay here again if I really had to. Let's say that it's bad enough that I would pay to stay somewhere else even if I could stay here for free.
4	I stayed at the hotel for day and the rooms were fantastic. I got the room for 45 a night. I stayed for three days days at monte Carlo and wish that I had booked nyny instead. The only disappointment was that checking in at the registration was a pain and it took an hour. I would love to stay there again. The casiono was OK and if someone is looking for 5 dollar Black jack tables on Sunday night then look no further.
2	First Time in Vegas and as with anywhere you need to stay in an area at least once to learn where to stay and what to do. I booked the hotel on a promo "Vegas Party Scape Package" which includes 'free' cover to four bars/clubs and some other minor 'perks'Well Rok, one of the bars was closed, Coyote Ugly was handing out free cover vouchers and the other two bars I believe didn't have a cover. Only thing we benefited from was a 15% reduced room rate of $68.  Some promotion.Our room has a stunning view of a wall and the backside of the roller coaster. I tried to get them to bump me to a Strip View room for free, which they would do, FOR $15. Oh well I tried. Maybe since I had the "Vegas Party Scape Package" they felt I was already getting a deal. $15 resort fee blows. Sort of like getting a haircut for $10 and then paying a mandatory $5 fee to sit in the chair. No way around the fee, outside of staying at a 'resort fee free' hotel. But let's be honest - if they aren't out right charging it to you, it is most likely packaged into the price somewhere. I was less than blown away from this hotel/casino. The location is on the South end of the strip. My wife was less than thrilled after the 1.5 hike down to the Venetian Casino. If I had to do it over I'd stay at a more centrally located hotel along the strip, then you can walk North or South and check things out. This is really my fault for not knowing the area. Lesson learned.Rooms are meh, ok, I guess. Only two pillows on the bed. Their upgraded strip view rooms get more pillows...seriously? Has the feel of a worn Westin Hotel room. Decent but not what I expected for "Vegas Baby".  I'm cheap, so paying a premium wasn't a priority for a premium room, but IF I ever come back I'm looking elsewhere. We didn't spend much time in the room anyway, but do want to feel that you are getting the most BANG for your buck. I'd take a 'gamble' on another Casino/Hotel if I was doing this again, took a gamble on New York New York and lost. Oh well that is Vegas and we all know the house always wins.
3	My first time to Vegas. We stayed here. What to say what to say...First be ready to be tricked into staying in the casinos hours on end.No clocks in sight. You are unable to see exits and entrances without asking a million people and walking for ever. Free drinks, yep, so you keep gambling, No windows, so you can tell how long you'v been there. No cell reception in the rooms and wifi is a joke. TV channels are also a joke.  Ok that said, its probably standard for Vegas, i'm sure that's how they make their money.The Good, pillows and beds were comfy. Bathroom clean. Lots of restaurants to choose from. Located conveniently near MGM Grand and Excalibur. I did win big on one of the slot machines my second night so that's a plus. My friend stayed in a penthouse. Beautiful, spacious, great balconies, and 3 televisions with DVD players (I couldn't even rent one from the front desk).The Bad, A long rough walk to Venetian. WiFi is a joke. One night water was shut off until 6 am... yeah, either hold it or go to Casino, what do you know, the water works fine down there. Housekeeping cleaned my room while I watched TV, tired from walking, and had the balls to steal my heels right out of the bathroom. i had them on the sink to clean the heels from night before.... I had just put them there and they vanished. Hotel didn't care. Carpets are kind of grimy. $15 a night resort fees ugh.The GREAT: Zumanity is shown in the hotel AMAZING show. Front row tix are over $100 but guests of the hotel get 2 for $100.
3	Room is pretty decent, customer service is horrible, OMG, those people look n acted like they hated their jobs, apart from that it is in a very convinient place near everything, n it had almost everything we needed
3	Very interesting hotel. The lay is is just as interesting. Usually hotel have 3 to 4 long hall ways. This hotel has long halls that go left and right and back to right then left. hahaha. If you plan to party hard and sleep in at this hotel, think again. The roller coaster starts up in the morning and that's all you're going to here when you're trying to find off the red-eye.
3	As a native New Yorker who no longer lives there, this place was a little creepy. Walking from self-parking down into the casino, if you stop to use the restroom, you'll see signs for "Central Park" and "Bryant Park", which was a bit surreal. On the casino floor we walked through areas which felt like mini/Hollywood versions of the village. We parked here first before walking around to Excalibur and Mandalay Bay, and we walked over the "Brooklyn Bridge" on our way there. I can't say I'm a fan of the fake NYC stuff, the fake Arc De Triumph and Eiffel Tower at Paris; it just creeps me out.The casino floor was pretty nice though. Later we came back to eat and do some slots before heading over to Penn and Teller, and ate at the Bar at Times Square. For the strip, they had a good happy hour: $5 drinks and 50% of food, which meant $7.50 cheeseburgers and fries. The kitchen messed up the hubby's burger order, and the bartender was very nice about getting a new one and comped us one drink. They were very nice, and the food was pretty good. And most of the other HH's we saw were drinks only.So: creepy, nice floor, good HH at the Bar at Times Square! Kinda wish we had done Zumanity too, looked cool!
3	NYNY is a pretty average Vegas strip hotel.  I enjoy it more than, say, Excalibur across the street, but much less than a place like Cosmopolitan nearby.  Other than the novelty of the mini Statue of Liberty, there's not much draw here.
4	Stayed here for my 1st time in Vegas like 10 years ago, back then I was 13 and didn't have much to do. I remember hanging out by the pool and the roller coaster. This time we went in just to waste time and gamble before the NYE countdown. I loved walking by the dueling pianos, those bars are so cool in a nerdy way! And the hole in the wall hot dog shack, those hot dogs were huge! We saw a Michael Jackson impersonator do some cool moves and at midnight we were right in front of the Brooklyn Bridge. When we inquired about tickets, the vendor said it was  $170 each, that's kind of crazy... For free beads and you still had to buy your own drinks. View was just fine from the street, although I'm pretty sure I remember getting hit in the face by some beads (at least I got to keep them). At one point my drunken claustrophobia hit and I did start pushing, SORRY! It was still fun. And NYNY is right next to where we stayed, Monte Carlo.
3	I wonder if this is what the real New York feels like...Comments on casino and roller coaster only, not hotel. The casino itself is worth a walk through. It looks like pictures of new york. A cool concept. The dealers were hit and miss (ha!) with friendliness, let it ride was a hit, roulette was a miss. The roller coaster, which I seem to recall was $7 per ride, was pretty intense! Really. It was frightening because we were stalled at the bottom for a good 5 minutes before it started working. The ride itself was fun but intense, not for the weak of stomach. The casino has a dirty feel, "dirty new york" feel. I haven't been to New York. Maybe it's a clean place, but I've watched enough TV to believe it is a dirty place. Like this hotel.
4	We got the recently renovated Park Avenue rooms, with a pretty sweet view of the roller coaster, Luxor and that side of the strip. All in all, unless you are going with a girl or meet some girl, rooms are just used to pre-game and sleep after a long day. This place gets that done and some. Came with a nice closet to hang out coats and jackets, an iron board, and a nicely stocked bathroom.
4	New York New York has been my go-to hotel/casino for well over a decade, and I'm only 22. It's a step up from Luxor and two steps up from Excalibur and Circus Circus and a bit more. It might not be the most luxurious hotel, but it has its odd charm and their nice staff. I've experienced some of the worst customer service at Wynn, so that's telling you something. My review is going to answer some of the complaints below, just because I was annoyed...This isn't a very big hotel and it doesn't have a very big casino. So, if you get lost... urmm.. good luck? Let's say you come off of the NY Tower, to exit, you can either walk straight and turn left at the round bar and follow the path to the escalator (go up), and you'll be given two choices-go right and you'll end up at Excalibur and go straight and you're at MGM. If you didn't want to go there, follow the path by Il Fornaio, and in front of the front desk is a path leading to the taxi area or walk passed the front desk towards the bell desk and you'll end up at Valet. That simple! If not, the other exits include the one by the Sports Center (goes out to the bridge), Nine Fine Irishmen, and another one by the parking garage-ish (never use that one, it's weird).As for security, although there aren't many in uniform, you can count on the retailers and shoe-shiner and other employees there. There was once a shooting upstairs by the NY Pretzel stand and the first person to take the shooter down was an employee at the gifts shop. So don't underestimate the security, also notice the numerous cameras by the NY Tower elevators, it's there for reason.Yes, the hotel is a bit "outdated," built in 1997 (when I was in the 2nd grade lol). But it's not as old as Tropicana, Excalibur, Luxor, or MGM.  There's a complaint about pillows, which I thought was weird. Anyway, if there isn't enough of something, you can always ask...it's not difficult to call Housekeeping and ask for more pillows, the standard for most Vegas rooms is 2 plus the one or two extra in the closet. For first time Vegas goers and New York State residents, you can't really take NYNY Las Vegas seriously for the real thing.  It's a themed hotel, and they'll try to mimic as best as they could, it's not going to be a perfect replication.  It's like taking Excalibur and Luxor as the real thing, which would be absurd.   And before you stay at the NYNY Hotel, why don't you just check where it is on the map, how stupid of you to complain about the walking distance to another hotel, it's not like the hotel can move and be closer to your destination. STUPID.... Now to answer the big topic of the day, resort fees. All of the Vegas hotels have resort fees, so suck it up and pay it. The Harrah's Entertainment Group (Paris, Rio, Harrah's, Bally's, etc) say they don't have resort fees but you still have to pay for your internet and all those small items (we all know someone brought a laptop to Vegas). NYNY has one of the smallest resort fees, incomparison to the Wynn, Aria, and Vdara at $20+.  The wireless was fast each time I used it, so to those who had connection problems, I have no idea what you did (I used the internet to check-in for my flight to Southwest, A group all the way).To end my "review," let's talk about food.  Check out casual dining at Greenberg's Deli in the Village, awesome sandwiches for your tummy and chicken noodle soup, there's also Nathan's Hot Dogs in the Arcade and 2nd floor Promenade.  Also don't forget the sit-down restaurant Il Fornaio and how can I forget Gallagher's, the only casual steakhouse on the strip (lamb chops bomb.com).  Room service, try their Ribeye Special from 3pm-10pm for $14.95 and their dinner entre Cedar Plank Salmon with extra onion strings for $17.95. That is all for now, I can say so much more, but so little space. =]
3	It seems like New York-New York is best suited for the younger, college-age crowd because I remember liking it a lot more many years ago compared to my most recent visit.  Their biggest plus for me is that they location has easy access to the Excalibur, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, and Monte Carlo.  It's also convenient that they they they have a lots of food options but a lot of it is also carnival-type, junk food.  The roller coaster in front of the hotel is a nice novelty but the ride itself is very bumpy and jerky.  They have a big arcade which is fun but just like slots, you'll drop a bit of money playing the games.  One of the biggest drawbacks is that it's very smoky which is pretty much a deciding factor for my decision to stay in the future.  Also, the rooms didn't seem that great.  I stayed in the suite that's one step down from the  penthouse suite.  I expected it to be grand but was mostly disappointed.  The highlight of the room was the big hot tub with jets in the bedroom.  That was awesomely relaxing and felt decadent but it was really loud.  The room was kind of awkwardly arranged so that there was a lot of wasted unusable space.  The fixtures in the bathroom looked a bit dated and old.  I liked that they had complimentary drinks (sodas and water) in the frige but they were all Pepsi products (which I'm not a fan of).  The large curved couch in the living room was comfy but I questioned the cleanliness of the room when a single dirty sock and glasses were found under the couch.  Also, the room was adjacent to the roller coaster so we could hear people screaming as they were riding the coaster well into the night.  Overall I think I've outgrown New York-New York.
5	My second favorite after MGM. Have had moderate success at the tables. Dealers have been friendly and it is easy to get a cocktail. The village eateries are a good go. Pizza place is open late. Sometimes get a slice and sit outsite the Apple Bar and listen to the dueling piano entertainment.We were first drawn here by the Coyote Ugly Daquiri bar upstairs. Now we go because we like the casino. We have stayed her a couple times, rooms are comfortable but nothing special. Only negative for us has been a couple of loser waiters at the "we are better than you - italian restaurant." Hey we just walk on past and enjoy the rest of the property.I had a tourist come up to me and proclaim with excitement "this place is exactly like New York City" I told her she was right except NYNY Casino was clean, didnt have garbage everywhere and didnt smell like pee.
4	This one is mostly aimed at the outside sights.  From excellent photo ops to just it being "informative" at least pictorially for non-NY resident, it is quite awesome.  We walked South on the Strip and came up on what I believe was a Brooklyn Bridge replica which made for some cool pictures.  From across the street you can take in each of the buildings and if you know your history you'll be able to identify them.  Around the corner you can take a picture with a Lady Liberty replica and there's a very nice memorial for 9/11 public servicemen.  It is worth the walk to and the time to take it all in.
5	Nice hotel.  I had a great experience at New York New york.  I used to be a big fan of those newer hotels like Palazo and Aria.  But without my comp from mlife, I now go with New york New york.  The service is great there.  As you know if you are a mlife member and you book with your mlife offers, you get to go to their invited guest line for check-in and check-out.  The rooms are roomy, nothing super fancy.  The things I like about their room is it was very clean, has everything you need, a flat screen TV, and a bathtop.  Nice right. Location: it's right off the freeway exiting Tropicana and it's connected with Excalibur and MGM.  It's super convenience for me to go visit other hotels around nyny.  My tip is ask for Tower A so you can get to the table games faster and it's closer to the parking lot.  The price, I really can't tell you because I usually get it for free or at a discounted rate less than $60 per night.
4	This is a great place to stay if you're on a slight budget or if you have kids.  The rooms are kind of on the small side, but they're just right for a group of 4 if you're just planning on staying there to rest your little head.  I remember staying in an updated room which looked really nice!  The bathroom is of normal size - not small, not large.  Everything was clean & I didn't have an problems during my stay.I feel like the hotel has a lot to look at - architectural wise with the NY-style image they portray.  Interesting for kids I'd say...  plus, there's a roller coaster that runs through the inside of the hotel/casino & outside on LV BLVD.  Gonzales y Gonzales is a good place to check out if you're craving Mexican Food.  Portions are big & their margaritas do the trick.
2	Casino is modern and nice but the worst thing about the hotel are the pillows! I would like a small rock better because my neck wouldn't hurt as much. They came with 6 more pillows after I requested a softer pillow and all with huge, bulky, and hard. You'd think they would have different pillows for a nice hotel.  In addition, I found a dead cockroach next to the bed...
2	The room itself was updated and comfy.  We had the spa suit which made it nice after walking around the strip all day.  However, I must say I was disappointed with the hotel from the time of check in until we left three days later.  Upon check in the line was extremely long and it took us over 20 minutes before we reached a person.  Then we come to find out in the fine print there is a $15 resort fee PER night. So we paid $45 more dollars then we expected.  They also charged my visa an extra $100 a night as a damage control fee.  They even ended up charging my card an extra $100 then they even needed to!  Yes I did get the $400 back after check out but it really put a damper on the spending money for our vacation. As we got up to our room, I noticed we did not have a fridge or coffee pot that both were advertised for in the room.  The fridge we were able to get free of charge only because I have a medical condition that requires my meds to be cold. Still NO coffee pot?  What kind of hotel now a days doesnt have a small coffee pot in the rooms?  We were told it was a fire hazard.  Really?  I think they just wanted us to get up and crawl downstairs to their in house starbucks to spend more money.The last day of our stay we did ride the roller coaster and I think that is the best thing this hotel had going for them.Considering it was my first time in Vegas and my birthday, I was sure the hotel would give us some sort of incentives for eating/ gaming in their casino but apparently I was wrong cause I couldn't even get as much as a cup of coffee.
5	I always stop by and get a massage at NyNy. Right by the escalators very convenient. Good stress reliever.I like the sports book here even though it's kinda small. There's a snack place right behind it with the best popcorn.Always gotta try the $5 Wheel of Fortune in the high limit area. $20 investment and got a "spin", won $200! Yay!We didn't stay here this time but always make time to visit, we love this casino!
5	This is a fun casino.  The roller coaster is fun and the tables are often kind to me.  :)
4	Rooms are nice, service is great, gift shop with liquor store down stairs, bar by the pool has plenty. Restaurants all over. Location is good also. I will stay here again
3	I'm not a big fan of NYNY, mostly because of the crowds that it pulls in (it feels like Jersey people that come to Las Vegas and claim they are actually from New York). When it's less busy I don't mind it; I like the roller coaster and have had good times at Nine Fine Irishmen. The rooms are nothing to write home about, but the prices are pretty reasonable and I feel like you get about what you should expect for the rates here. I'll say that they do take care of their frequent gamblers here better than a lot of other places. My mother and her friends have stayed for free a number of times because of time that their husbands have put in at the tables.  All in all I can't say that it makes my list of favorite places, but I do appreciate the way they handle their regulars. There are better places to stay in Las Vegas, but there are also much worse.
5	Went here to meet up with friends.  Got some drinks and acted like tourist that is the best part about having people in town.  So we got the big drink and took silly pictures.
3	I never thought of New York New York as a super nice hotel, but we just had an amazing time there! We were upgraded to a much better, corner suite with the Jacuzzi which we really appreciated. I really liked that the hotel has an option of earlier check-in (even if it's for additional $20). Also nobody tried to kick us out of the room on the day we were leaving, and we were able to have a lazy morning and leave the room around 1pm (the check-out is at 11).Love their quick eats option - a bunch of tiny cafes and restaurants where you can grab something quick and cheap to eat.One thing that I absolutely hate about Vegas hotels is how full of smoke the main floor area always is. It sucks that you have to pass through the stinky area and breathe in second hand smoke every time you go in and out of the hotel. Right now it is just an annoyance, but staying in such hotels would be out of the question as soon as I'll have kids. I understand that the hotel doesn't want to ban smoking completely, but they should at least separate smoking and non smoking areas, otherwise they will start loosing customers.
4	I was at the NY NY  fro 6 nights  from the 9th to the 15th.  It was a great time. M life is a great rewards program.. for what my parents and I spent.. I got comp'd  2 nights, 2 meals and 4 resort fees!   Oh yeah! It was awesome and I am very happy with the room service, front desk, registration service etc... It was a great experience for my family as well. On the weekends instead of the girls dancing near the tables, there was an awesome Michael Jackson Impersonator.  It was awesome.
4	Simply put. Glad they renovated the place. I think the overall hotel is a fun place. They have little areas for children to enjoy and areas for adults to enjoy. It's got variety and lots of options as far as things to do. IT's also a convenient spot to really see a lot of the strip without having to walk so much. You can cross the bridge to shop at the small shops and watch a movie at the Shocase Mall. Also, the M&M Factory is just a few steps away, alongside the ultimate arcade, Gameworks! The other bridge also sends you to Excalibur if your in the mood for a nice renaissance adventure.The rooms are very nice and clean. Very spacious (I mean like can get 20 people to dance in the common room special) for a standard suite. The bed is big and comfy with a small little lazy seat. The bathroom however, is small but I guess it's because the wide open spaces are taken up by the big living area and sleeping area. Great view of Las Vegas as well! OH...definitely DO try the roller coaster. It's just too fun of a ride to pass up (definitely take front or back to get the full experience. Middle is for the weak and timid!).
5	l love walking through here. It brings back memories of New York. They inside looks like the city with the decorations they put up.
5	One of my favorite hotels from the outside. I actually got to see the statue of liberty :) Being from Hawaii, that was a cool thing to see. I felt like a little kid in the candy store again. Speaking of candy, they have an exact replica of the statue inside the hotel made completely of jelly belly. I know! Was pretty mean. :) Even inside the hotel they made it look like the streets of NY. 5 stars for the creativity. I like also liked how we walked here with connecting walk ways from the Luxor to the Excalibur to the NYNY. ;)Visited Aug 2011
3	Cool! It's like a mini NY outside this hotel. It's cute~ Inside it's very NY themed. I liked their mini jelly bean sculture of the Statue of Liberty. There's also a roller coaster that you can pay to ride outside. I wonder if it's noisy for the guests. It's a new hotel so it's very clean and nice looking.
4	Based only on casino.  A 4 becauseOnly casino I won at while there!
4	I actually felt like I was in new York!  This place is huge with great gaming!
4	The rooms here are comfortable and the staff has been friendly the times I have stayed here. I stayed here for a bachelor party and the front desk was very helpful in allowing me to upgrate my room to party size! The casino has been renovated over the last couple of years and has a much nicer feel than years past. The dining situation is so-so. Numerous fast options that aren't that great largely due to the fact that they are not operated by the hotel but by ARK Las Vegas. Galligers and Chin Chin are quality food. Nine Fine Irishmen is owned by the hotel and is a cool Irish pub. A little on the spendy side and not as nice as some of the other Irish themed places in town, but I still grab a Guiness there every now and again. They have outdoor seating that looks at the Brooklyn bridge and on to the strip. Overall, it's a good room value for the money, it's located right on Las Vegas Blvd at Tropicana, but I'd probably eat and drink elsewhere.
2	the best thing about this place is the food options in the lobby.  Otherwise you can stay somewhere else and walk there lol.  Their customer service was horrible.  I've been to Vegas many time, in many casino's, they do not give you the Vegas experience you look to receive.
4	Very nice clean place in a good location, but the sports book section sucks.
2	Oh New York New York, I am so glad we did not stay here, I am writing this review solely on the casino. The casino gets SO confusing after the while because of the layout, there is a bar in the center and all the tables are around. Every time I went to the restroom, I would come back and have no idea where my friends were and I have a great sense of direction, seriously. It's just like New York City, so crowded. One waitress was a BITCH, we were tipping her all night and I was getting change to give her a tip and she walked away Rolling Her Eyes at me, I guess I wasn't fast enough..effing wait a second!! My friends and I asked the dealer why she didn't like us and her reply was, "You didn't tip her", we've been tipping her all damn night!!! The drinks were shit too, and the dealers had on gross t-shirts or something. It's a cool atmosphere but the waitress and dealer just turned me off.The one thing I love about this place is cheap food and the MANHATTAN EXPRESS, if you haven't been on it, goooo, but not after drinking a lot. You might throw up.:)
4	I am a fan of this casino. I like where the elevators for the rooms are located (at the front of the casino, not the back) and that it is at the four corners. This casino is a very good home base casino. The prices are usually pretty reasonable and the staff typically very helpful.One of my go to places when in Vegas.
5	Omigod I LOOOOOVE this casino!  It's really easy to get lost.  I will say that, I was looking for a machine by the escalators and could not find it and you'd think with a landmark like "escalator" that would not be a problem.  It made me feel like I was home!  The layout of the "streets" was great and the BEST part was the high ceilings studded with "stars" that did not make me feel claustrophobic or like the casino man was trying to confuse me and keep me there forever and ever.  It helped that they had the monopoly machine.  Watching that machine is like watching coffee.  If you can imagine the non-boring version of that.  I feel like if I explain this comparison further, it's just going to get weird and confusing.  Anyway, I love that machine, AND I love the wheel of fortune machines that are located by the car that I would never want to win because who wants to win a stupid four door white car and then have to pay taxes on it?  Not I, said the fly.  Yeah, I think the ceilings make this casino great.  That and the decor.  And the Brooklyn Bridge.  I was afraid to try the bagels, because then it would have ruined my fantasy about being back on the East Coast fo sho.
4	I really like this casino, but the rooms were just ok.  I think they are overpriced for what you get.  I could stay at the Monte Carlo for cheaper and get the same room.  The casino is great, though, and they have good food here.  There is a pizza place downstairs where the little city streets are which has the best pizza at the casino.  Upstairs is the NYNY pretzels, OMG, must try the jalapeno pretzel.  My hubby loves Nathan's hot dogs, and that is upstairs also.  I love 9 Fine Irishmen, they have good food and a fun atmosphere.  As for the casino, there was a big jerk working at the center bar, Vincent or something.  He talked down to all the customers he waited on, including us.  So avoid him if you go there.  We are part of the players club, and although, for us, I thought we spent quite a lot of money, we only got $8 back toward our room bill from all our slot play and things we charged to the room.  BUT the lady at the players club booth was so nice, she refunded our daily resort fee, which is around $15 to $20 a night, which was a great surprise!4  stars for the casino, 3 stars for the room... We probably won't stay here again unless we get an awesome rate.
4	The coolest looking hotel that we stayed in for sure. We had fun walking the streets of New York. The bed was clean, and we watched an in-room movie of "Tower Heist". That was fun. This was our last night, and we slept like rocks on the soft bed. We had a minor problem, and guest services fixed it for us. Good job on their part.
5	My cousin (whom I had not seen in 27 years) came to visit me on March 17-21, 2012 and I wanted to treat him to a memorable time, so I booked him and myself into a "Player's Suite" at this terrific hotel, because I had been a guest there, once before.The room was ALMOST perfect, only because of the following problems:1. There was no DVD player attached to the TV, as I had been promised by a local reservationist.2. There were problems with the Cable TV connections in one of the 2 TVs in the room, requiring a maintenance staffer to make two visits (and doing some cable re-wiring) to correct the problem, which was never fully corrected (not due to anything involving the maintenance worker).3. There was no in-room coffee maker/pot, as one sometimes finds in lesser-quality inns.The room where we stayed for 4 days (March 18-21, 2012) had a whirlpool hot tub, and it was terrific.  While there, we utlized room service on two occasions, and the meals were delivered quickly and at a reasonable price.  One meal was breakfast, while the other was a late-night pizza.  I was most impressed with their room service delivery and amenities, and would certainly recommend it to anyone who has the good fortune to be a guest there.In particular, I'd like to mention managers Charles and Robert, maintenance worker Edwin and security staffer Tina, for the excellent customer service they extended to myself and my cousin.I would encourage you to stay at this ultra-fine establishment, whenever you are considering a visit to my town, Las Vegas NV.For sure, I will be going there again, whenever I am able to do so.
4	This was our second time visiting NY NY. We had a blast as we did the first time. We enjoyed how the crowd skews young and how there is always a buzz about the place.This time we upgraded to a Spa room and it was worth every penny. The jaccuzi tub was amazing and the room was a perfect size for a couple to feel pampered. The housekeeping service was efficient and did a great job tidying up for us. One downside was that there was an aroma of stale vomit beneath a bedside table that sorta detracted from sleeping on that side but, hey, it's Vegas, these things happen. The sheets and bed were luxurious although the pillows could not handle my big head and were rather uncomfortable.The table games are great in a fun environment. Dealers are hit and miss but when you get a good one it makes for a fun evening.  We rode the roller coaster this time and it was enjoyable (for my wife, not much of coaster fan myself, had to make up for the time she spent escorting me at the blackjack tables) for a really decent cost. Gallagher's is a must for a fancy evening. One of the best steaks I have had in my life and some really decent vegetarian options for my wife. The wine list was great. Our server, Preston, really added that something special to our evening and is really good at his job. Had a really horrible corned beef sandwich at the deli, the culinary low point of the trip. But Il Fortino was a great meal when we first arrived.All in all, a great Vegas experience at a decent rate! We will be back.
4	Younger crowd, tables are priced high compared to some of the cheaper casinos nearby, but the women that go here are better looking.  The dealers are more stoic than some of the cheaper casinos and drink ladies are slow but the rooms are always nice, even the cheap ones, and the pool is filled with hard bodies at all times.
4	New York, NY is a nice casino that makes every effort to mirror the atmosphere of the real New York. They do a pretty good job of it, especially when it comes to food. There is a good variety of restaurants available in the "downtown", and upstairs, they offer a good selection of fast-food variants. Lots of character. I have been coming here for years and it never seems to disappoint.
4	Replica of NYC. I like the concept of the theme. Even indoors feel like you're in NYC. They have a small food court who has NYC food. Haven't tried any of them yet but I will next time. They have a roller coaster too. The only one on the strip. Shara closed down and Stratosphere is far away.
5	So Much Fun will be had in Vegas this week! I figured the only time I will be coherent enough to write my own name I might as well get the review completed. We started off with some pints in the PHX airport and sat next to another HOT CHICK that let me touch her leg every now and then... And got word that we would be partying with Perez Hilton for his B DAY!Great things about The New York New York staff is that they follow the Vegas Rule! Tip and be spoiled! We had a laugh with the desk clerk talked about our BFs allowing to have a GIRL WEEKEND and got the free upgrade!!! WooHoo!!!The beds are amazing! I don't find us spending too much time in them though. The record label got us into pretty much into everything. But any resort that knows a gay man needs his cuddle pillow that goes between my legs is 5 Star to this Yelper!!!Enjoy Life Everyone!
5	We did not stay in the hotel so this review is based off the Casino.GREAT! We left Excalibur (see my review) and came here based on the recommendation of a buddy. Fantastic recommendation. Within five minutes of sitting down on the slots the drinks started flowing. I got fairly drunk and dumped quite a bit of money into the slot machines here. Funny how that works isn't it?There were half naked dancing women behind the poker tables, great way for the house to win LOL. All in all, we will definitely be back, and may never wonder anywhere else on the strip. New York-New York is about the best we found in our walk of the strip.
1	I had a horrible experience with the hotel. The room was in a bad shape. The bathroom was rusty and the shower tub door was wiggly because a little part fell off. The light turned off when I plugged in the blow dryer. They sent a mechanical and it took 30 min to fix them at night. I had to wait till he left. There was no apology or anything. It was a bad service. I expected more than that. I totally don't recommend staying in the hotel.
5	This review is for the casino, I haven't actually stayed at this hotel. As for the casino, it was one of the first casinos we were in that we felt had 'young' games....you have got to play BATTLESHIP! Had tons of fun on that machine, as long as you have four people sitting down...it brings back childhood memories of playing the actual game:)Next, we had so much fun on the electronic CRAPS game.....that was something we hadn't found at other casinos so all in all....we really enjoyed the casino game choices they offered and also getting a quick massage at the top of the escalators, and there was Ben and Jerry's around the corner, pleasantly memorable casino that we will visit again on our next visit.....too MUCH FUN
4	I didn't stay here, but my bf and I came by to hang out and humble a bit! This place was bumpin!! They had the best music at the center bar!! Also at one point, there was a Michael Jackson impersonator, he was AWESOME!!!!! Makes you wish, you had a chance to see the real thing in concert! The only thing about this hotel that I would change, would be that there was more then 1 restaurant, that was a nice restaurant, to be open longer at night. There was only a steak house open and I really wanted something else, oh well. We'll be back, so fun!!
4	We stayed one night here in the Empire State Building. We booked a non-smoking room through Expedia, and were kind of disappointed that our room had been a smoking room until recently. Unfortunately the smokey smell was still present in the room. Aside from that, this hotel and casino was pretty fun. Our room was big, although the bathroom left something to be desired with it's tiny shower and low shower head.The casino is pretty nice compared to others on the strip. It's comparable to the other MGM properties. The food court area designed like a New York City street is fun and offers a decent variety. The patrons seem less pretentious here than at some of the other casinos. I would probably stay here again.
4	I was a little hesitant to book our stay at this hotel due to the ratings, but my best friend mentioned her friend stayed here and enjoyed it, so we gave it a shot. I'm so glad we did because I loved our room at the NY-NY hotel. We signed up for the Park Avenue Deluxe room, and the room was exactly what was pictured on their website. We asked for 2 Queen beds in a non-smoking room, and the room was quite spacious, and the beds were extremely comfy with 4 pillows on each bed ;) We were located on the 6th floor, and had half a good view of the MGM grand, but the other side of the view was a part of the roller coaster. It wasn't that loud, except minor hearings of the riders screaming, which didn't bother my friend and I. The room had AC which we were able to adjust to our preference (very nice!). The bathroom was nice and clean, and not too small. I wish the bathrooms had double sinks, but we didn't mind the one sink. The shower was clean and did not have any mold (YAY!) You could tell that the room and bathroom had been thoroughly cleaned before we arrived =)The only thing I disliked about the hotel was the smoking in the casinos. When we arrived through the front valet entrance, we located the registration desk, but we had to walk through the casino to get to our rooms. I was sick with a bad cough so the smoke did not help. Another thing that might bother someone is getting around the hotel. Do ask for a map at the registration desk. =) Also, be sure to ask which elevator to take to get to your room. There are several elevators with different names that take you to different sections of the NY-NY building. This will help you with your stay so you don't get lost! =)We arrived at the hotel around 5pm, and check in did not take more than 5 minutes. Our receptionist was a young, pretty Filipino lady, who was extremely nice and helpful (Thank you Christine!). Check out also took only a minute. Partially because we did not order room service so all we did was return the room keys, and she printed out the bill (just the hotel fee per night). Beware that practically every hotel on the strip will charge you a resort fee per night. This  fee will include the usage of internet at the hotel so it didn't bother me too much.We only tried one place to eat at NY-NY, which was the New York Pizzeria. The pizza was big, soft and crunchy. YUM! ^_^ Overall, I really enjoyed our stay at NY-NY and am so glad we had a great experience with the hotel. =D THANK YOU NY-NY!
1	What a pit.Dirty, threadbare and garish. There are so many nicer places to spend your time in Vegas. We couldn't get out of there fast enough. It's head-poundingly loud, the wait staff are rude and the whole place needs a good cleaning. Just.. don't.
5	It is one of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas and it has an amazing atmosphere. The cons are that the "Roller Coaster" (used to be Manhattan Express) is very rough and very expensive, not worth it. Also, I didn't like how they removed the Central Park section just to expand the Casino. NY-NY is also very family-friendly.
4	Great place.  Nice room.  We were upgraded to a spa suite (and mysteriously charged less - go figure).  Hotel is a little bit older than some of the others we stayed at on the strip, but well maintained.  Views are great.  Only gripe with this place was the fitness center check in clerk.  A little on the rude side.  One lesson for her would be to answer the question asked and to not assume things.  We asked where the pool was.  She responded that the fitness center was only for 18 and up.  I said "my son isn't going to the fitness center.  Where is the pool?).  I was going to the gym while my 11 year old and my wife went to the pool.  The pool looks like it is undergoing a renovation, so we weren't able to use it while we were there.  It is also a kid friendly hotel.  There is an arcade area for kids right by the roller coaster.Resort fee reasonable compared to other spots on the strip ($17 compared to $25+)
3	I didn't actually stay here but I did hang out in my friends room for awhile and it was pretty standard. The room lacked character and didn't have anything to separate it from a standard chain room.          That being said I had a pretty good time in the casino portion. I got to try some of the locally brewed Vegas beers at one of the bars (it was called 441, I think), play a few games at the giant video arcade (what can I say I'm and 80's child at heart) and I even got a giant slice of pizza & a beer for $7. All in all not a bad afternoon. However, the casino/restaurant portion looks very dated and needs a little make over.      Overall, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here if I found some sort of deal, but I wouldn't go out of my way to target it.
4	You have to visit the Food Court at New York' New York. You have everything from Pizza by the slice, Steak house, fish & chips,  to Katz's Deli, etc. I recommend you stop here before you go to a Pricey restaurant. At least you feed your Craving.
5	Yes, everything good here.  The ADDED TOUCH was the recorded messages on the room phone by "Vinny."  The elevators which had a direct shot to the higher floors which meant less stops.  The vehicle valet "scanner" was great.  The staff had personality.  Our Madison room was large and spacious.Only one bad thing to us though:The music heard in the casino at  1:00 AM  on Sat into Sunday  was loud and BAD BAD BAD.   They were blasting  RAP music,  which I consider the lowest common denominator of bad taste in music.  It's not even music,  it's street thug, gangster, low class, low IQ, poor people's NOISE !   Electronica music would have been a welcome change.   If I was the hotel manager,  I would fire the music director because of his "limited" scope and vision.  Also at that time all the drink spots were full to capacity, standing room only, no available seating,  with a bunch of drunks everywhere. That's O.K. but I've been there / done that.  I just wasn't in the mood that night to be a part of it.   So my wife and I left.   But I still give NY NY high marks and would go back there again.  Just we would skip the late late night casino scene.
1	Cool place to visit if you're in Vegas, at least once, but DON'T stay there!!! I'll never stay in their hotel again. They gave us so much trouble when we stayed there last time. There was a heatwave going on, which I understood all of Vegas was experiencing over heating problems, inside all areas, we're not snobs & we ARE patient, BUT our rooms were a nightmare, the air conditioning didn't even turn on, at all, they kept making excuses about it & though they had other available rooms, they wouldn't move us the first night, they said they fixed our AC while we were out, but they didn't. My parents room was just fine, so their excuses that ALL the rooms were experiencing some minor problems wasn't true. We had to demand to change rooms. TWICE! The second room they moved us to had an AC but it wasn't working well. It was also very dingy & NOT what we paid for! So they moved us again. But were very put out that we even asked. They did not offer help with luggage, even though they changed us on completely different buildings, both times, I've got a disability & can't walk very much, my husband suffers from migraines, which he was experience while there because they made us sleep in a room that was about 98 degrees inside & super stuffy. But they still never apologized for ANY inconvenience & wouldn't even help us move our bags??? It was a nightmare!The rooms were somewhat clean, but... could have been so much cleaner. Hair was all over all of the bathrooms! Which grosses me out! & the room was just... old & not what you'd expect. We paid higher prices for nicer rooms, but they weren't so nice! AND they overcharged my parents & us, & refused to give us the reserved price & would not refund us the overcharges. We complained & showed them all our paperwork claiming THEIR promised discount (wasn't a lot, but it WAS an overcharge). So we paid a lot more money for a lot less quality! I've never been to New York, but I hear that people in general are busy & rude! & that is the staff here at New York New York. Busy, so if you DO have to stay here, plan on waiting a million minutes for anyone to help you out, then expect to be treated like dirt for choosing to stay with them. RUDE RUDE RUDE!!!!!!Oh they would also not help us out with little things like printing boarding passes (even though they advertise free online services/printing for hotel guests) OR with wifi problems in our rooms & other little things like this.Walking around the shops & deli's area is a neat experience, & I fell in love with a sweet lady working at one of the eateries there, wish I remembered where & who, I'd give NYNY 5 stars JUST for her! But the rest of the people.... they deserve the 1 star only rating from me! ESPECIALLY the hotel staff!Save your money & stay someone else, anywhere else!!!!!!
3	We booked the penthouse and found out that there are many many different layouts for the penthouses and the one you get is not guaranteed. So anybody who sees the videos on YouTube or the pictures on their site, trust me they don't all look like that & some are a lot smaller than the one they advertise. I tried calling in a few days before to ask them to block me into one of the penthouses with the balcony and every person I spoke to was unhelpful and sort of robotic about their speeches. I felt like nobody really wanted to help me.At check in I was really nervous that we'd get the small penthouse. I needed the large one because I was having a gathering in there and needed room for my guests. We were so lucky to have Daylinda as our check in agent because she was so helpful and patient! We got checked in to the penthouse called "The Ritz" and while it was nice it wasn't what we were looking for. I went back to the desk and saw Daylinda again to see if she could help us out. She offered another option to us and let us go up to see it before we made our decision. We ended up LOVING "The Regency" penthouse. Very spacious & wide open. My boyfriend tipped her for being so accommodating. We really appreciated her help!The penthouse easily fit a lot of guests. The jacuzzi tub is the very best I've seen in Las Vegas. We had a nice view of MGM out of the bedroom and of the Excalibur out of the living room. Also if you have an iPhone or iPod, they have a docking station with speakers set up in the ceilings of every room including the bathrooms. Party mode is awesome it plays the music EVERYWHERE! The only thing I didn't like was there was no microwave. It's a penthouse it should at least have that (other models do).Room: 4.5 stars (very nice but could use microwave)Service: 2 stars (this includes everybody I spoke with except Daylinda)Price: 3 stars (you easily get money's worth but it entirely depends on the luck of the draw with the penthouse you get assigned to. It really shouldn't be the same price for such huge differences in size. I would have gladly payed more to guarantee the larger one)Daylinda: 5 stars (she deserves a raise!)Overall: 3.6 it could be a good experience if you're lucky like we were, but there are a lot of chances of a letdown. You won't beat the price but is it worth the risk ??
4	Fun Casino to tour.  We enjoyed visiting and waited there for our Zumanity Show. I'd recommend going to the show and getting a slice of pizza.
3	We were in and out of NYNY to pick up tickets, then see a show.  We did have dinner and wander around a bit.  The place was crowded and perhaps that was due to the narrow pedestrian channels. It had a fun vibe, but we preferred the Palazzo's ambiance.
5	I absolutely love this hotel!  I usually try to go with a less expensive hotel in Vegas since you get gouged everywhere else, but I made the reservations during a special.  The decor was nice, I had a view of the roller coaster, the bed was comfy, and the staff was very friendly.  Free wifi is a definite perk, too.  I think this will be my regular hotel for Vegas trips from this point on.
4	Would definitely stay here again. Wished we were on a higher floor, but great place to stay. Best part: fantastic, comfortable bed! When we came back at 2am, it was nice to sleep in such a great bed! Loved the rollercoaster and all the great restaurants. The pool was nice and the staff was great! Just wish housekeeping didn't replace the bathroom towels each day as we were trying to be green... ya know conserve water and energy and such!
5	Awesome hotel saved my honeymoon after a horrible night at the Luxor. New York New York is my new favorite place in Vegas nice clean rooms that even the most basic have a feel of luxury. Friendly staff and best of all besides outside the hotel they don't have any annoying timeshare people in here.
3	Love this Casino.... I walked around and felt as if I was walking in the streets of New York City...!The roller coaster ride is pretty intense, you must try it at least once..!!I love the huge arcade full of all sort of games...! It was super fun..!
4	Probably one of the nicest casino I managed to walk into during my trip to Vegas. I'm 19 so I wasn't able to gamble, but I have to admit that I felt the urge to because of how attractive the casino appeared to me. The arcade is amazing; spent a couple of hours there with my family and we found ourselves there for the ice cream a lot too at the entrance of the casino. I'm glad that there was the tram station about 3 minutes from New York, New York that was able to take me back to Mandalay Bay.The first night, we walked the whole LV strip, and the tram possible saved my feet from bleeding,
2	2.5 StarsI've experienced so much better in so many other hotels. Three stars for the price, 2 stars for the overall quality. A lot of robotic treatment over the phone before arriving as well as once we arrived. There was also a lot of unlearned ignorance with the hotel operators who told us that it was available to visit other hotel's pools at a charge and the Bellagio told us that they never heard of anything like that, and the MGM Grand said out right - NO! At least the management were accommodating (though it wasn't easy). One of the manager's was nice but was more talk/schmooze than action (I guess she really didn't have a lot to work with here).Clean rooms some partially updated, some not. Our initial non smoking room smelled of smoke. Sinks and tubs way out dated & rusty parts.Overall OK, but only if you are not picky nor if you pay attention to details.
5	I love you Vegas and I will see you soon.  We were lucky and got a great cocktail waitress who was bringing us drinks every 10 minutes.  We kept tipping and she kept coming.  I also love the bar in NY NY called Nine Fine Irishmen.
2	In all fairness I have not stayed in the hotel, so this review will be confined to the public areas. The casino is dark, cavernous and loud, making it seedier than the actual New York (no easy task). All that being said, they still have the nerve to have high table limits. The steak-house, however was good, as is Nine Fine Irishmen. All in all it is worth a look.
5	First I was down $200 - if I could give it 0 stars I wouldThen I broke even - okay 3 starsThen I hit a hot streak and walked away with $930 - okay this place is awesome. Rode black all the way.
1	If I could give a negative review I would.  During our stay, I originally posted a review for this place and gave it four stars, but a combination of things that happened, especially on our last night, have compelled me to reduce that rating.First, I called in early June to check rates.  Was told $60 per night double occupancy, with 30$ additional per person charge per night for extra people.  I claimed that was too pricey for me traveling with my wife and three kids, so they said "oh, we can waive the additional per person fee".  Great, I made my reservation and got a confirmation email.During our subsequent road trip, I called two days in advance to reserve a roll away extra bed.  I was told there was "no record" of them agreeing to waive the fee, so I would have to pay an additional $90 per night for my three kids, and an additional $30 per night for one roll away bed.   I explained the offer to waive the fee, and that I had a confirming email, but the person on the phone basically called me a liar, said it was my problem, and offered to get her supervisor.  I proceeded to wait 27 minutes on hold before hanging up and calling back.  Never did talk to a supervisor.When I called back, second person was more pleasant, and helpful, confirmed fee was waived and took care of me.  So even though at this point I had spent about 2 hours on the phone with this place, I gave a good review because I thought they had done a good job taking care of me.  Not so fast.Our stay was ok, until the last night.  We had a wake up call at 5:30 AM so we could travel back home.  Unfortunately, maintenance decided to start replacing the vending and ice machines right outside our room at 3:00 AM.  After we were all awakened by the banging and pounding, I went out and asked them why they were working so loudly at 3 AM.  Guy responds "that is just when we do it, too bad if you don't like it, we will be done soon".  As someone who has actively practiced martial arts for a number of years, and still does practice, I fought off the almost overwhelming urge to pound his face through the wall.  I take my sleep very seriously.  So I opted to just tell him he was an A$$.I call front desk but cant get anyone.  I call hotel operator, who says she will call supervisor and get them to stop.  That never happened.  Well, after listening to this another hour, I finally get through to someone at the front desk, who apologizes and offers to reduce our bill by $75.  I thank they them, and we get up and get on our way (at this point why try to go back to sleep for like 15 minutes).So, then we get home and a "final bill" is emailed to us showing a charge of $175 more than we were originally quoted, and no indication of any $75 credit.  I call, spend another half an our on hold, finally get a person, who tells me "That is just a mistake, dont worry about it".   She sent me a receipt with an adjustment.So, did they take care of us?  Yes.  But all the hassles and being woken up at 3 AM were just too much.  I will NEVER STAY HERE again.  Be forewarned, and stay at your own risk.
3	This place is awesome.  I've stayed here a lot because they give the best comps and deals.  I do wish I wouldn't find issues each time but I always do.Invited guest line is supposed to be VIP treatment yet they only have 1 rep working at a time.  My last stay there I had to wait 20 min for the guest in front of me to finish strangling the reps throat about the best deal for 1 more night.  I could've gone through the normal line 5 times if I tried and wouldn't have missed the first 2 rounds of a prelim UFC fight if it weren't for this.  Anyways talk about bad checkin service as the IG line wasn't even open to checkin the time before that.Also on my most recent trip the people in the room next to us seem to just be blasting music all night and it took 3 calls over a 45 min period before the security finally showed up to enter and quiet them down.  It was 4 in the morning and the music was so loud they couldn't even hear him knocking. It shouldn't take any calls for these people to be quoted down.  Some places just need a "room off" button for disturbances in the middle of the night.Besides this last trip most of my experiences are really good and if the deals keep coming I will definitely go back as long as there aren't any repeats checkin hogs or midnight rappers.
2	We stayed here during our visit to Las Vegas in March. Our reservations were for   three nights , after returning to the hotel after a long day at the races we get to our room just to find out we couldn't get in. We immediately go to the customer service desk to see what was going on, we were told they had checked us out , I was extremely upset because we had paid for three nights not two nights and all the lady could say was sorry. We had also signed up for their players card during our visit and was told you could use it at every restaurant and coffee shop there, well that wasn't true and with every associate we questioned about the card we got a different story . Everyone that was with our group all decided that we would never stay here again.
1	Really bad service, they just did the bed, and didn't change the blankets, didn't sweep, didn't give us Anymore glasses or soap or shampoo or anything, for ALL three nights we were here Thursday friday and Saturday of last week. we always come every 6 months to this hotel, but we really are planning to stay at a different hotel next time since this time the service was just horrible.
4	I heart New York-New York! The skyscrapers, Statue of Liberty, roller coaster, the Fire Dept boat and harbor all make this an  incredible icon on the strip. I even love the bathrooms here, they have a real subway feel, just without the smell. The interior of the casino is electric. Lots of food choices, lots of bars and clubs. Rooms are okay, and you can get pretty good deals to stay here. Service on the casino floor is a little slow for drinks, but our waitress brought us two at a time. (Yay!) The best thing I can say is that the strip wouldn't be the same without it, and I will always lose some of my money there on any visit to Vegas just to make sure they keep the lights on.
1	This review is for the casino only.I am not a big time gambler.   I love to play, but I only play $5 or $10 tables as I hate losing money.   I can play for a long time even if I am losing and not go broke.   That is why I was excited to hear NY NY was adding $5 tables blackjack.  It worked, it got me to gamble there for the first time.You usually have to wait for a seat to open up, but it usually only takes a few minutes.  No issues with that.I have only one issue.   It is the dealers.  They completely lack personality.  I have tried on multiple occasions and it does not matter who you get.   They rarely speak at all.  They just deal like robots.I have given up trying.  I will be going elsewhere for my gaming needs.
2	What was once 3 stars is now 2. It's the natural evolution of hotels I guess. New York New York Hotel and Casino is only 15 years old, but it looks 25 now with worn carpet, furniture, and matching down-trodden atmosphere. I've had some of my best casino wins at New York-New York, but don't feel drawn back despite generous player perks.Once you've stayed at a few of the nicer hotels in Las Vegas, it is hard to go back to normal-size rooms, motel furniture, and basic amenities. Even so, I don't hate New York New York Hotel. It is what is has become. A lower priced hotel option with plenty of $10 tables to work your gambling magic. It is convenient to MGM and most other places on the strip. If you're looking for a "reasonable hotel with a cool theme" for a first visit to Vegas, then New York New York may be a great choice. It also is probably a decent option for families since kids can hit the arcade, food court, and roller coaster on their own. Otherwise, if you are a Vegas regular, foodie, or have the $$$ to spend on something nicer then you can find better hotels in LV than NY-NY.
3	I am giving this casino 3 stars purely based off of the free entertainment that we saw while visiting!The casino is not "winner friendly" so no need to stop at the tables.  The bars were crowded and of course, overpriced.  We strolled through the casino and were headed for the door when we saw a hot dancer dancing on a platform between some slot machines.  She was beautiful, very 'Vegas-like'.  Then a Michael Jackson impersonator emerged on stage!  He was awesome!!  'Michael" danced with the dancer and covered the songs perfectly!  A ticket worthy show!I wouldn't return to gamble but I'd return to see Michael again!
4	This was my favorite casino out of all of the casinos on the strip. I loved the design of the New York "streets" and eateries within. Gorgeous. I had some great New York style pizza and also some amazing beer battered halibut in "Chinatown." Yum. I agree with other reviewers that there were many afforable options to eat compared to other casinos on the strip, along with high end restaurants. We were there on a Friday for Zumanity, so the atmosphere was club like. The music was great and we had a great time playing the slots. Before we headed out, there was a Michael Jackson impersonator that was kick ass. The crowd really enjoyed it. I don't know that I would stay here because it is towards the end of the strip, but I would definitely hang out here again. There is a roller coaster and arcade, too...lots of variety!
3	Stayed here for one night over 4th of July. It was a decent room, no complaints. Solid hotel, but I prefer a bit more upscale. Lots to do and places to eat downstairs.
3	Not so impressed with this hotel. It is overpriced in my opinion for the service. There is not much to do in the hotel. The restaurants aren't that good. The furniture in the rooms is very boring, and looks old. The roller coaster is very fun! But that is probably the only part of the hotel I really enjoyed.
3	I came into NYNY all kinds of ready to HATE. For some reason I expected it to feel all kinds of greeeeazy and naaaasty (like what I imagine Excalibur to be like). But since I only came to Vegas to party, sleep, then party again, NYNY did us right. Our room was clean and spacious enough for 3 people (got the step above the cheapest type of room---BALLERS! haha!).Pluses: - Didn't get kicked out even after a baguette throwing incident in the cafe downstairs AND a few knocks on the door re: noise. Yay!- We got a cheap-ish room booking on the EDC website- No embarrassment walking the casino post-EDC, all weekend long- Center-ish to the strip- Clean sheets/ pillowsMinuses:  - Check-in was RIDIC on EDC/ Pacquiao weekend. ALL of the MGM computer systems WENT DOWN on a few nights! W...t...f...- Rude-ass food court workers!Would I stay again? Probably not. For doin' it cheap 'n dirty in Vegas, Flamingo still has my heart...
4	Is it bad that I loved the New York- New York? After all, I am from the big apple. Neeew Yooooork, concrete jungle where dreams are made of there's nothing you can't do!I took a walk through on the way to the Roller Coaster. The casino was very fun themed and full of busy bright lights, a lot like the city I love. Even the guys handing out flyers, and discount books added the New York flavor to the hotel/ casino. There were pretzel shops, pizza shops, ice cream stores and a coyote ugly to definitely make you feel like you're in the heart of New York. I definitely wonder how it would be to stay at the hotel and constantly run into that type of traffic.
3	The New York, New York is a wonderful safe haven from heat when trying to walk from the MGM Grand to CVS.  The only down side is, well, it could have just been the time of day we were there, but the drink attendants are not nearly as attentive as at MGM.Other than that, I enjoyed my time here, really like fact that it's not overcrowded, and there's a couple of good restaurants in there!
3	The staff was polite. We were assigned a room that we discovered had someone else in it already. That was corrected quickly enough. The excitement of the casino was fun. Lots of people on the 4th of July. No coffee in the room. The towels smelled of cigarette smoke, nice shower though. The decor is current and the big screen TV was nice. The view from room 3026 is amazing at night time. All in all it was pleasant enough.
5	Been going here since it opened and it's still one of my favorite hotels in Vegas :) The rooms might be a little on the smaller side, but as a whole this hotel has character and the types of people who go here are more laid-back and not party crazy. The whole hotel is themed like NY, ofcourse, and some parts of it even are made to resemble old new york streets. For breakfast, I recommend the America restaurant, which I believe is open all day. I mean, it was around 4am and I had a craving for country fried steak and eggs and people were inside, eating away. Awesome :)  But my favorite restaurant here has to be the Nine Fine Irishmen. They have great food and live irish music that starts at 9pm and it's a blast! Also, if you are going as a family, they have a wonderful arcade with plenty of games and entertainment! Since Gameworks closed, this place probably has the best arcade now and they still have the rollercoaster ride! (which i've never tried, lol) Sure, since NYNY opened, their have been many new hotels that are fancier, more elaborate in decoration and have more "pizazz" (fe: The Cosmo, Bellagio, or Wynn) but even after visiting all the newer casinos, this is the one I always go back to.
2	Well it is a sad story. Girl likes casino, casino doesn't live up to her expectations anymore, girl moves on....NYNY is not the worst and not the best. It is mainly for families since it has the roller coaster and arcade area. They do have lots of restaurants that are sit down and fast food. Booked a non-smoking room but right when I walked into the room I was hit by an invisible wall of smoke smell. The bed mattress was very uncomfortable and the horrid scratchy sheets didn't make sleeping any better. We booked the hotel for three nights but after that first night we jumped ship and went to another hotel for the remainder of our trip.The fitness room is a joke. All of the cardio machines were ancient and half of them were not in service. Small free weight area and a water cooler. Had an hour wait at the box office picking up show tickets at will call. Two people working the windows but took their sweet time and later blamed their computer for having issues. Oh well, NYNY thanks for the fun while it lasted but I bid you goodbye.
5	We had a perfect time here, got in at midnight waited only a few minutes to check in. We got lucky and got a room in the Chrysler building, its a little futher down but worth it. The elevators are never crouded and it is the quietest part of the hotel. The room was very clean, bed super comfprtable and the temp was perfect. We will come back here many more times.
3	If you come to NYNY, you must greet the bobbleheads in the front and then make your way to the alcohol slushie bar and get yourself a freaking 70 ouncer.Yes, I said it. A 70 OUNCE SLUSHIE DRINK WITH ALCOHOL. Clearly I did not finish it or else I would be drunk for the rest of my life. But it's one of those things that you must try at least once.
1	If I could put zero stars I would, this place sucked so bad... You can't find a waitress to serve you at all during slot play and when you do they ignore you and walk away... Then when you ask one of the staff to find someone they tell you oh that's a different area we can see if we see someone and send them your way but we cant call them... WTF never staying here again!!!!
4	The casino it'self was just like any other casino in Vegas.  It was clean, large variety of games.  I'm happy with that.  I am THRILLED with the selections of food options at NY NY.  You name it and it's there.  Love everything I had to eat.  The hotel was extreamly clean and the bed was one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in.  NY NY will be where I stay in vegas from now on.  Loved It!!  Just wish all the restaurants were open 24/7.
2	This review is just on the lobby and the casino.It seems like this hotel was great during the 90's when Vegas was all about families.  It also looks like not much has been done to update the place and make it look a bit classier.  It looks like a theme park on the inside complete with a roller coaster.You can find cheaper table games here but it's more smokier in here than in other casinos.  We came in here to see if it had changed but it still looks and feels like it did when it opened.
3	Very nice hotel and rooms. I would say it is more for a family type of environment. But the location is perfect. Right in the middle of the strip. The Irish Pub was also good. I did not like the Italian restaurant. The service was horrible, there was an older guy there that had no communication skills and barely said anything. Food was ok as well. The Burger place is awesome and delicious! Checking in and out was ok. Computers were down and it would've been nice if someone would've said something rather than stand in line for over 30 mins when I could've checked my luggage and roamed around until they came back on... Overall the hotel is decent.. rooms were nice.
1	I have very strong feelings about this hotel.  Probably the worst hotel I've ever stayed in with the exception of some gross shack of a hotel I stayed in during a visit to Key West. I have nothing good to say about this hotel with the exception that the beds were comfortable. We stayed here for a convention and we had our room and flight expensed. This was not our choice but I was still looking forward to it as I have never stayed at the NYNY. Check in was extremely frustrating. We were given 4 different sets of directions by 4 different workers to our elevators. The elevators are not clearly marked or distinguished from the other towers (there are several sets of elevators). Seriously awful planning on the hotels part. I think it took us 1/2 an hour to find the right set of elevators. The room was on the 33rd floor and when we arrived I noticed that there is a pink film on the window. It gives a weird red hue during the daytime and makes the room look even smaller and darker than it is at night. There is no source of natural lighting in the room what so ever. It's like a tiny outdated bat cave.  As a  woman, it is the most poorly lit room I have ever stayed in. I would actually have to get ready and then go downstairs to the casino bathrooms to check my makeup because I literally never knew what I actually looked like when I left my room. I was ready to leave the hotel by the first night but didn't want to insult the company I was traveling with.   Also, to say that the rooms and hotel is dated, is an understatement.Let me also say, that ALL 3 MORNINGS of my stay, prior to 9am housekeeping would just walk right into our room totally unannounced. Of all of the hotels and times I have been to Vegas a maid has never even knocked at our door prior to 10am or just walked right in.
2	The wife and I got a good deal for New York New York so here's how we did....This is gonna be a quick right up since there are already over 600 reviews for this hotel.  We pulled up to the front to unload our bags and to get checked in.  I'm handicap with a busted leg.  The security guard and the bell man were complete assholes about it.  They were all over us.  "What do you think you're doing?" and "You need to move your car right now!"  Both at the same time was a bit aggressive.  If I wasn't crippled I would of.....just kidding.  I'm not a fighter.  But they told me to go park on level 3 because it was "right next to check in."  We thought, ok great.  It was not right next to check in and i had to hit the escalator twice.  F U security and bell hop!  We got an upgraded room with a jacuzzi (pic) in it.  It was nice to use it at the end of the night and anytime I can see the wife in a 2 piece of a no piece I'm a happy man.  We only spent time in the room while we were getting ready and to sleep so it wasn't that bad.  Although the room had no view and everytime i dropped a hammer it would clog the toilet.  I don't really care because I'm with my wife but every time?  C'mon man!!!!!Will I again?..  Prob not, too many other options in Vegas.  Toot toot!
4	I really love the layout of this casino as it's easy to get around. Also, the ceiling is very high so you can breathe unlike some of the smoky casinos with low ceilings. There is a good variety of places to eat. The only negative for me is the roller coaster. The line was very long and the ride itself hurt more than it was fun. This is coming from someone who is a roller coaster junkie.
4	Good location on south end of strip but away from most of the crowd. Get 'park avenue view room', we were on the 30th floor of the Chrysler building, nice view. Looking for cheap drinks? Check out the 'chiller' stand in the casino, souvenir cup is $16 but refills are only $12 and you can really taste the alcohol so you get your money's worth. There's a New York pretzel stand that sells 'pretzel dogs', but don't get any there, goto the Excalibur and check out Auntie Annes. You get more for the same price and they make it fresh when you order. The sign says parking is only for guests but they give you no decal or anything to distinguish you as a guest of the hotel and they wave everyone in, so be careful about locking your car.There's a 'resort fee' of $18 a day but they'll waive the fee if anything is wrong. We found a wet spot on the carpet when we checked into our room, they took two days off. My boyfriend accidentally used a towel stained with grease and he was able to get 3 more days off, so that we didn't have to pay the resort fee at all. They have a Cirque show 'zumanity' playing at the hotel but it wasn't playing the week we were there, although we did see the KA show across the street at the MGM, a must see if you can get tickets. There's an indoor 'tix4tonight' box office across the street inside the coke a cola store front, we got a good deal from them, at least a $40 discount from reg price. But if you want KA or another really popular show you should show up at least by 9:15am to stand in line the day of the show, they open by 10am. The Chin Chin restaurant is a good choice for their breakfast buffet or for dinner. The breakfast buffet is really limited but they have a rice dish with pork, peas, and carrots that is delicious.All in all it was a good hotel to stay in, we would use this hotel again.
4	Stayed here for 3 days and had a great time.. My wife loves this place!! Just hung out by the pool!!!!! Great time!!!
5	Stayed here for 4 nights and I really enjoyed it.  The room was clean and accommodating the staff was friendly and courteous. Various food venues to choose from and all so yummy. We got to see Zumanity and the show was phenomenal! I highly recommend staying here. We got the Mlife card (free members card), we used it several different casinos and restaurants and racked up the comp points!
4	I absolutely love New York; it has been my spot since I turned 18.  I had the opportunity to go to New York last year and I cannot wait to return w/ the boyfriend in the future because everything from the 24 hour subways, food being delivered (bagels, Chinese food, Thai food, etc.), and the freedom to live w/o a gym membership because w/ all the walking (no car required [I hate driving, too]) is the life that I used to envision for myself.  Now that vision has dissipated because it's not just me, myself, and I anymore.Walking into this hotel brought back good memories and I love the pizza that my boyfriend and I shared at Sirrico's Pizza.  The architecture, the atmosphere, the food.. everything reminded me of New York City so kudos to this hotel for creating that experience!
2	Not all that impressed with this establishment. Room was nice and clean, updated, warm showers, Nice TV, clean linens and all that. You really don't get a view with the windows being as narrow as they are, and not your usual floor to ceiling window I've had in other hotels on the strip. Restaurants are not all that. STAY away from The America. How do you burn an English Muffin? and when it comes back, it's not really warm. Options are burnt or just out of the bag with some brown spots. The BF had an omelet and had stomach issues for a few days after. They have a cool Statue of Liberty made purely out of jelly belly's, now that was cool. Casino is a bit small. Now on to the pool. many of us go to Vegas to party at night, and lounge at the pool during the day and get a little sun. Because of its location, the pool doesn't get much sun unless the sun is shining right above. (buidlings are on either side of the pool blocking the rays. I've been to Mandalay Bay, Excalibur, The Flamingo, and this pool looks like your basic pool. Not a fan.Rates are ok, but honestly, I'd rather pay a little more and stay closer to the heart of the strip than near the end. Would I stay here again? erm, It's not a terrible place, but honestly, I have experienced better.
3	This hotel is alright. Pretty good price but kinda old. The concierge did not under stand why I wanted a room with two-queens when I was the only person staying in my room. Why did they not understand that my alternative personalities needed their own bed?? There are some restaurants down stairs that stay open fairly later but once again, very old looking. Also, you hear intense shrieking every 5 minutes from the roller coaster RIGHT OUTSIDE the window. Also the iPod player does not work (we just want to listen to 90's pop!!!) and why is the clock wrong????? Since the price was comparable to many other hotels on the strip, I'm not impressed. Also, my friend brought animal stickers which I was totally excited about but half of them were gone, HUGE DISSAPOINTMENT. I might stay here again.
2	I was not happy with my stay here at all and I'm still disappointed in the quality and service at this hotel. I'm not complaining about the price per se because I am well aware of the service fees and extra charges. I just think the quality received was extremely poor compared to the price payed. The room didn't even come with a fridge.I am also convinced that housekeeping stole a stuffed animal of mine. My friends thinks they thought it was cute and gave it to their kids. The item in question was never removed from the room by myself and several calls to the lost and found produced no results. It just seems odd.Would not stay again.EDIT: WAIT, THERE'S MORE! Say it in the Billy Mays voice. My ipod also never left the room and has mysteriously not turned up either. Change "would not stay again" to "would NEVER stay again."
4	Free craps lessons here at 11am-12pm. I won $500 on the $1 slot machine last trip in january and this trip, I won $1,080, also on the SAME machine. I wish I kept the monies :(Greedy, I went back to where we were staying, Aria, and lost it all back and more.Will try again next time :)
3	Love this hotel and most of the staff here.  Roller Coaster Review: As a New Yorker I know that sometimes you come across the wrong people and their attitudes on daily basis. But, this time I got one after another from the roller coaster staff.  The older woman was my first encounter and then followed by the gentlemen boarding the passengers on the ride.  Finally, the guy standing behind the counter was too busy on his cell phone to pull up the proper photo with me in it.  Really, you guys need to get it together!!!
4	Spent some time in New York New York Casino today.   I'm ambivalent on this review.  I liked it but I lost a shitload of money.  Okay... maybe we define "shitload" differently, but still.  My favorite parts of the NYNY Casino:  ~VERY decent sized casino.~They have that AWESOME piano bar and guess what, during the day, NO COVER!   I hate paying a cover to go into a bar so I can BUY a drink.   In the evening, there is a coever, but not in the day time!  YEA!~The bathroom stalls have cup holders.  LOVE THIS~!~Checked out the pool and, wow, I like it.   Compared to the Venetian, looks way more fun... has some spraying things and places to sit and just overall, small, but fun-looking~tons of restaurants and bars and check into the 24 bar and get a free jello shot at the Center bar.   Yea!  Free is good.~ rum and cokes ordered while playing actually had rum in them!~Very good arcade... even had ONE pinball machine; more pinball would have equaled better score.Not so favorite:  um, I lost a hundred dollars!
3	Nice enought place.  Very busy place. Great for groups wanting to have fun in Vegas.
4	This hotel was horrible. The staff was too nice the food was too good and the room was clean and spacious. If i had a fridge or microwave I would have said 5 star. If you like that sort of thing stay here as for me I'm not staying here again til the next time
5	4 star hotel in the middle of everything great value for the money. Overlooked roller coaster. Casino $5 blackjack tables staff was friendly, lots of nice resteraunts in the hotel. Got a m I've card butmforgot to redeem everything. Stayed at bellagio before but this hotel has a younger fresher crowd to me.
4	Better than I expected!  After stopping by a few times, I actually stayed for the first time.  The Tower rooms are pretty nice - newish, plenty of drawer space and free if ineffective wifi.The casino is usually lively at night - plenty of craps tables.  And really tiny but functional horse-racing space.Plenty of cheap food at night as well.  Il Fornaio for breakfast was fine (basic breakfast stuff:  pancakes, etc), but I'd probably go to MGM across the street for more interesting choices.
4	I actually enjoyed my stay here.  Please forgive me for being a year late in my review.  I am sure things shouldn't have changed much since then.  But the casino is decent, they have the Zumanity Cirque du Soliel show there if you are interested, they have a night club, Coyote Ugly, a roller coaster ride, a decent bar that features people singing and displaying their talents, and restaurants among other things.  Typical Vegas.  The rates were reasonable when I went in September of last year.  It is at the very start of the strip so it is a long walk down...HOWEVER, if you are going to be on any end of the strip, this is the one!!!  This year, I stayed on the opposite and very far end of the strip at Hilton Grand Vacations and I will review that later.  The NYNY room is reasonably sized.  I will say it fits two comfortably.  Of course you have the resort fees which is a downer - but to be expected in Vegas.  I really have nothing negative to say about the place.  I would stay there again.
4	One of the four Casino's I hit for gambling consistently. Part of the four kings as I call it ;)The food is decent, and varied, but I have not tried them all. They have these GIGANTIC donuts in one of the coffee shops. Gambling here is pricey, but that's gambling for you. :)I hit the craps tables and you won't find anything less than $10 a play.
3	I've always wanted to stay here ever since I was a little girl, but always got around to staying at other hotels. All I can really say about this place is that once you stay here, you've stayed here and there's really no incentive to go back. One thing I did not like is that when you call to make reservations, you have to pay for the room up front, NOT pay for it when you arrive. Cardholder must be present with the actual card. If you use your bank card, they have to take $100 deposit, which I thought was bullshit. Then I was told that it takes between 5 to 7 days to be refunded that $100 if you don't use any of the room service, etc. We were given our room keys (hotel attendant was extremely nice and professional) and went up to the 23rd floor to our room. Something I don't understand is that they have separate elevators for floors 1-30 and a completely separate elevator for floors 3-38. Maybe to divert traffic? Who knows. It was just a pain in the ass to have to take our elevator to the 3rd floor and then get in the other elevator to go up to the 31st floor to visit our friends in their suite. We got up to our room and our rooms keys didn't work, not only that, but it sounded like the room was occupied because the tv was on very loudly. It was such an inconvenience to have to go all the way down to the lobby to have to see what was going on. The same hotel attendant helped us and apologized for the inconvenience but offered no comp whatsoever. I still feel that the maids were just hanging out in the room. When we got up there, the tvs were on, but they were on very low volume. A far cry from how loud they were 15 minutes prior. The attendant then called our room and told us that we were comped the ridiculous $20 something resort fee.The suite was gorgeous, I thoroughly enjoyed it. It was nice for the price we got it for for just a night. I just wished the spa tub (that had whirlpool jets) had been in a place where we could have looked out to see the Vegas lights. That would have been awesome. We had a mini bar, two tvs, a killer place for me to do my makeup. The only things that sucked, the windows were tinted green, they barely had any toiletries, the water pressure in the shower SUCKED, the air was recycled, and the bed was extremely uncomfortable. Now for the actual casino part. I loved that this casino was not a smokey mess. I wasn't coughing and gagging profusely. My husband enjoyed the slot machines until it was time to call an attendant over, which took almost a good hour. This place has like four places to eat, two or three shops to shop in, and they offer one show. Oh, and an arcade and a roller coaster. Other than that, they have nothing special to offer Vegas goers. The receipt that they send to your email if you do the express checkout is so hard to read. From the looks of it, it looks like they over charged me and then comped me the entire stay. I still need to give their customer service a call so I can confirm the charges that they made on my card. I did, after all, not sign for a few of those charges.Like I said before, once you've stayed here, you've stayed here. Time to venture off to another hotel on the Vegas strip.
4	This is the coolest of the theme oriented casinos in Vegas.  It's cheesy but it works.
4	Isn't this exactly the kind of hotel you think about -- or dream about or fear -- when you think "Las Vegas?" There it is, a jumbled pile mock-up of the venerable Manhattan skyline -- the Empire State Building, the Chrysler Building, the Public Library -- all crammed together, along with the 150-foot Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island, all built to approximately one-third scale. And as if that weren't enough, they threw in a roller coaster running around the outside and into the hotel and casino itself.Inside is a different story these days. Once as highly themed as the outside, the main casino space has gotten a makeover that has removed much of the New York detail. Gone are the Big Apple Bar and Central Park-themed gaming areas, replaced by a sleekly modern decor that while pretty, is nowhere near as entertaining. The replica of Greenwich Village, down to the cobblestones, the manhole covers, the tenement-style buildings, and the graffiti, remains (Yes, they even re-created that!), and you'll still find enough of the Gotham silliness elsewhere to probably evoke a smile or three, but dizzy laughter over the sheer spectacle is a thing of the past.Upstairs is the arcade, which is Coney Island themed (naturally) and this is where the line for the roller coaster starts. There are many restaurants, all housed in buildings that fit the theme of whatever New York neighborhood is represented in that particular part of the hotel.Rooms are housed in different towers, each with a New York-inspired name. The place is so massive and mazelike that finding your way to your room can take a while. There are 64 different layouts for the rooms, which have moved them ever farther from the original Deco-inspired decor to something bland, albeit comfortable, and though the bathrooms are small, they are pleasantly decorated. There can be a loooonnnggg walk from the elevators, so if you have ambulatory issues, you had best mention this while booking. Light sleepers should request a room away from the roller coaster. The health club and spa are nice but nothing to write home about and the mediocre pool is right next to the parking structure.In addition to a particularly good food court and the aforementioned restaurants, there are several festive and beautifully decorated bars and club opportunities plus the topless and adults-only Cirque du Soleil production Zumanity, which we think is improving but not the best that Cirque has to offer.
4	The hotel rooms are big like where you can have a small party in the room. The beds are soft and comfy. Casino is cool. A good variety of restaurants. I enjoyed staying there.
4	Great hotel! I love the atmosphere. Restaurant section on the casino floor is so cool!
4	I had never been to Las Vegas before and I think we all see the glitz and prestige of "the Strip" dramatized and characterized on TV and that sort of excites one to go. I will say out of all the hotels in Vegas on the strip, NYNY is the best hotel I have seen that has a total them inside and out. My sister and I decided to walk down the strip (bad idea with my sister in flats) since we didn't know there was a bus/trolley that goes up and down the strip (bad planning...I know). As soon as we saw NYNY we made a quick turn into the hotel and instantly it's like an overwhelming sense that you're in NY w/o the smell. I just can't sum up how well themed this hotel/casino is. It's like you hardly notice the slots and casino feel off it because it's like you're really on vacation. We didn't get a chance to ride the roller coaster outside, but I'm sure it would have been a blast. The food was excellent. The slots were looser one that day than most of the other casinos on the strip (disclaimer: probably not going to be loose on the day/time you go.... :P ). We stayed in the Stratosphere but next time I go to Vegas I definetly will be staying at NYNY or that other hotel that has a man made beach inside or Luxor.
4	#30DaysOfYelp: 17/30My first time playing slot machines in Vegas! I only lost $6! (From $23, haha.) Woohoo! This casino sticks to the cheesy NY-NY theme really well. Statue of Liberty outside, cool art deco art & structures, the restaurant area fashioned to look like streets...all in all, I was impressed with all the sights! Had some pizza, & Reuben sandwiches for dinner. Prices were ok, considering the area. There are some sit-down restaurants I'd consider trying in the future. We passed by a dueling piano bar that would be fun to hang out in - I always wonder how they remember all the songs! Also, they have a roller coaster upstairs in the "Coney Island" arcade! We didn't go on it, but I suspect it's expensive or has a long line. The casino part was pretty standard, but I don't know much about casinos or gambling. They all kind of look the same to me. Hourah Ghostbusters & Batman game though - high tech visuals & vibrating chairs! Hostess came by 3 times & each time we got our "free" drinks...got a bit hammered so I was having fun. I think it would be cool to stay here one day, especially if rooms are themed too!
3	Good casino, good food options, fun bars, just go.
4	When you were a kid, did you ever want to have a giant slot machine? Well, I did. How are you expected to get on the elevator, past reception, with that giant slot machine staring at you...laughing in your face because it knows it's going to take all of your money. True story folks. It all started when I put $20 in this machine. First few pulls and I'm down. Next few pulls and I'm up. Up, down, up, down, up. Now I'm exhausted and have a crowd around me as I've been here for about 20 minutes (I'm sure people were just gathering because they were fed up with me not sharing the machine). I am heaving and hawing, yanking on that machine over and over. Every time I got back to  the original $20 I had put in I told myself I was going to leave, but I never did. Downward spiral. In a matter of minutes went from $47 to $1. I took my last $1 pull and gone, the money is gone. I share a moment with the machine, pulling my face close to it...more like using it to cover the tears gathering in my eyes. I take a moment, step back and take a breath. No longer than a minute and someone else has already taken my place. $1 in. DING, DING, DING, DING. $1, 1 pull, jackpot of $4,793.54. For realzies?Things to remember:1. That was a true story2. You can't ask someone for a cut of their winnings, even if it was you who had just dumped an endless bucket of cash in the machine for over 20 minutes. It doesn't go over very well. 3. Don't go in March because the pool is closed (I learned that the hard way)4. Nice accommodations, good value.5. They have a chipper in the hotel :)
3	The restaurants are great, I've never stayed in a room here but I like the shops, I don't recommend going to ESPN restaurant because they put a limit on how long you stay at a table...literally they told me I need to spend a certain amount of money each hour in order for me to stay and watch the games...really??? I told the lady all I wanted to do was sit, eat and watch baseball...I don't want watch the clock and time my food patterns...
2	Didn't think much of it to cramped inside cool outside though.
3	So hard to rate/review hotels since there's so many positive and negatives based on experience.  The positives are something of a perk.  The negatives are due to inconvenience or experience.  So here's my list.Positives:- Cheap room rates!- Plenty of food options (Food Court)- Cheap tables (BJ/Craps/Roulette)- New Beds!  So damn comfortable!  - Parking structure is fairly close to the lobby.Negatives:- Non peak weekend and our rooms were located in a smoking tower.- It was either way too warm in our room or too frickn cold!  They need to go digital on the thermostats.- Our room was close to the Roller Coaster....  Thicker glass please!  I have sensitive ears when Im hungover in the morning and I hear the roller coaster with people screaming.  =)- Everyone won money but me!  Better to lose hundreds at a game than to spend it all on a stripper.....  So I've heard..... lol!
3	*on the marginal side of awesome vegas style but OK*pretty cheesy, literally, cheese pizzza, hot dogs and kinda fast foodie*the DJ and mini rave in the bar were strangely cool
3	I enjoyed my stay. It was pretty on-par with its peers on the strip. The dining was enjoyable; I ate at Greenberg's sandwich shop, Chin Chin, and America Restaurant. Separate review for those.Overall it was a great, stress-free stay. The hotel is in a great location, easy to get to. MGM and m&m factory are just across the street. I didn't ride the rollercoaster but it looked like a lot of fun.
3	I don't know if I ever stayed at this hotel but I always go here for restaurants and the piano bar. It's a fun place to walk around and the dueling pianos is lots of fun with a group of people.
1	Once again....we popped in for lunch on a Saturday.   We entered...a uniformed woman was standing across from us....she looked at us.   We went to sit at a empty table and a uniformed man "yelled" at us...you have to wait.    We left.   Needless to say, this is very bad service...no service ....silly service.    Of course the main attraction is good food but they  insist on an unlimited Mimosa, Bloody Mary policy, which means, most of the people having lunch are drunk or near drunk. This is a very sad place.
4	Our first time staying at this hotel.  Check in was longer than most. But this is a large hotel in Vegas so you expect lines.  Once at counter the agent was friendly and engaging.Very nice room overlooking the strip and roller coaster.  You did get some street noise, you're overlooking the strip, but the roller coaster was not an issue, I thought it would be, but was not.The room was clean, quite and decent size.  Doesn't have coffee in room, refer.  But does have safe and separate AC/Heating.The whole ambiance of the casino/hotel was fun. Just like being in a NY neighborhood.Staff was friendly and efficient.Our friends had a Zaggat suite. It was 1200'. Big room for a great price.  Had a lot of windows, big couch, mini bar area, Jacuzzi tub with view. Shower separate sinks.
4	I think I had more fun here than anywhere else I went in Vegas. This is the ONLY casino that still has Sic Bo machines (there are no more tables in LV). The roller coaster is rough, its not a smooth ride as I had expected.  Good Casino layout, and food at the restaurants.
5	My friend booked the hotel because she wanted to try it. It was my first time in Vegas, and I would definitely recommend this hotel!We had a bunch of friends staying over at The Luxor, but oh my goodness, please just book at NY NY. Compared to Luxor, we had wi-fi, much thicker blankets, and a cleaner/newer room (not moldy and damp like Luxor). Our view was okay; we could see the roller coaster. At times, we could hear people going down the coaster and screaming, but we weren't really in the rooms that much, and at night by the time we got back to the room to sleep, the coaster wasn't open so it wasn't a problem. Compared to Luxor, we also had a fantastic variety of places to eat on the main floor. The front desk was helpful and brought things to the room promptly (we requested more towels and hangers). The room service was also great (nothing was stolen ha!, they gave us enough towels, replenished and gave us a whole bag of toiletries, and tidied up our room well). We stayed in the New Yorker Tower, and the shoe-shiner was very pleasant and greeted me whenever I walked by. There is also an Italian restaurant on the main floor next to our tower (II Fornaio) that had happy hour specials (4-6pm?) that was pretty good. $7 entrees (pizzas) and entrees (we got calamari), $7 wines, and  cheap domestic beers. No complaints about this place!
1	My dad was here 7 years ago and was approached by a prostitute. Tonight I learned the hard way that this place is a dive. A Swedish prostitute approached us at the bar at Times Square my mom and I were enjoying the music and drinks. The lady began distracting me by telling me about a club I should try out while her friend walked up and STOLE my clutch!! They had pulled this exact same scam many of times at NYNY and security can't do much about it. Girls, I am not a drunk stupid person please believe me when I say watch yourself here!!!!!!!!!! Gypsies are on the prowl at NYNY.....
4	I just finished my second visit here and for the price it is still a good place to stay. Some of the other casinos on this intersection are showing their age, but NYNY is keeping up pretty well. I will probably stay here again if they continue to keep the promo's going.
3	Pros: Cheap. We paid about $400 per person for round trip airfare plus 4 nights stay. You can't beat a price like that. Good Location - across from the MGM Grand and next to some of the best hotels and Casinos on the strip, such as the Aria, Cosmopolitan, etc. Nice casino - small, but good blackjack tables, and if you go early enough in the morning only $5. Cons: They didn't have a king bed available when we checked in. Frustrating, but they upgraded us to a strip view room with two queens and we managed. Maid service forgot to come twice. This was sort of shocking to us. The first time it happened I complained as it was 4pm and the room had not been cleaned. The next day it happened again and I was very surprised. Eventually they fixed the problem.Cant really say too much good stuff or bad stuff about this place. Overall the rooms are very standard, the type of thing you'd find at a Hilton or Marriott. Very basic. Clean. And there were enough little bars and restaurants to keep you busy if you wanted to stay in instead of going out. I wouldn't stay here again but I'd go back to gamble!
3	Of all the times I've been to Vegas, I have never entered this establishment.  So thanks to a special player rate promotion offer, I decided to gave this place a try since we decided to take the kids on this Vegas trip and figured they should have a kid friendly area with the coaster they have there.  When we arrived to check in, the front desk staff were very nice and friendly.  I was told that our room was quite far from the elevators, but I can call the next morning to have them change rooms for me.  What really stopped me from giving this place a 4 star was the actual walk to our room from the elevators.  It was a bit confusing with so many twists and turns just to get to our room.  It really felt life forever to just get to our room.  The lady that checked us in wasn't kidding about being far from the elevators.  The rooms were small, but clean.  Another reason for the 3 stars was the TV.  We had issues with the signal and the channels went black, so that was a bummer.  At least the wifi was working (comes with the resort fee), so the kids had something to keep them busy while we were in our room.  The next morning we were able to get a room closer to the elevator, so our next day stay was a little better.   The TV worked fine in the beginning, but we ended up having the same signal issue as the last room later on that night.Another pet peeve that I had was the cocktail service when I was at the tables.  While I was the table to kill some time before dinner, it took a while for someone to come by to take drink orders and when the girl finally came and I placed my order, she never came back with my drink!  I was sitting there for a good hour since my order and was so bummed that I didn't get my drink before I had to leave for dinner.The kids seemed to enjoy themselves when we took them to the arcade here.  I think I'm just spoiled by my stay from places like the Palazzo to Encore, so NYNY wasn't impressive to me.  But honestly, in comparison to Luxor... it's way better and the prices aren't going to leave a hole in your pockets for a night stay.
2	They took out their Sic Bo machine :(  I was really bummed out, it was my favorite game in Vegas and it was here less than 30 days prior. Could not find any help here or a Slots Manager to ask, but walked every inch of the casino and it was gone. In its place were slots and a similar craps game moved up (could have been the Sic Bo machine reprogrammed).
1	We just came back from a trip to Vegas and I've got to say that this was probably my worst experience yet. It seems like the staff is not happy because they act like they don't care for your business. From check in, to just the general staff.      Later my wife and I decided to go gamble downstairs and after spending about an hour at the table, not one single person approach us for a drink. I even started waving down waitresses who kept telling me that they did not service area I was in.This was two days in a row and we were drier than the desert itself. Worst part is I got up and lost my table to go get a drink and when I asked him for a common beer like Shocktop, the bartender told me they didn't serve it and I had to get it from another bar across the casino. He told me I'd find it under a certain sign but when I got to that sign everything was closed. From there we decided to no longer gamble in the hotel. There is definitely some other hotel that would appreciate our money. Later that night my daughter got a little sick and her throat was hurting, I called downstairs to see if they could send up some sugar so we can sweeten some hot tea that we made for her and and we explained it was for my daugter. They wanted to charge me $7 dollars to bring it up to me. I asked if I could come Down and get it and they tell me know that I would have to find some at either one of the coffee shops or a restaurant. Seriously? What kind of crap is that? The rooms were nice and spacious but even the beds were uncomfortable. I felt like that episode of I Love Lucy where Ricky and Lucy have to type themselves to the edge of the bed because the bed has a big dip in it. And the Internet is horrendous. I swear DialUp with AOL is faster than the Internet at this hotel and you're forced to pay $18 as a "resort fee". What a serious rip off, every time I tried downloading a file from work it would lag and I would have to start over. Just browsing the web was a joke.The only time I actually complained to anyone was about the gambling with no one approaching us for drinks. I actually had to tweet someone to get a response, but the only response I got was "I apologize and I'll forward this message to the manager". Whether they did it or not I have no clue. I would seriously suggest staying in a different hotel, some where that not only appreciates you as a guest, but treats you like one. Overall my experience with this hotel was horrible. I've been coming to Vegas for years, and this has got to be probably my worst stay ever.
3	Overall good, Lack of a buffet we could find left us hungry, but the America restaurant was fine. Resort fee of 18 dollars, we used the internet, but if we didn't, it would be a rip off. lots of food options, not too kid friendly though. The arcade sucked balls..most games are a dollar, and the few we played were all broke, I don't let my son play the games where you drop money to win tickets, its encouraging gambling at a young age...:-(  ok room size, I prefer South point though compared to NY/NY
4	hotel staff was great check in great  entertainment great check out greatbut be warned there breakfast buffett at chin chin resturant was verry disapointing had only 8 iteams and  cost 15.00 bucks
4	Great Hotel, great value.  Not expensive, but the rooms are beautiful, the bathrooms spacious.  AND the only hotel I've stayed at where you don't hear the other guests in the hall or in their rooms!  Heaven.  Make sure to get breakfast at Il Fornaio off their casino.The rollercoaster jerks you around a LOT, so if you like that kind of thing, go for it.
3	First time there as an Mlife member and don't think I'll go back. Requested for a crib when i booked the rooms months in advance. Upon arrival reminded them about the crib. still no crib arrived to the room. Called and asked about the crib and was told the hotel does not uses crib anymore so there's none. "Linda" said "mam we no longer have cribs and I don't know when you requested it because we stopped using cribs a long time ago." She offered me a roll out bed with six pillows and 4 blankets to use as a crib for a 9 month old. I relent and said ok. Well housekeeping showed up with 6 pillows and 4 blankets in a damn crib. He was using the crib as a carrier to transport the stuff. I asked about cribs he said they have tons and gave me the one he had. The other experience was my daughter asked for a late check out and they said yes. I asked for one they said no. I offered to pay the fee and Cecilia still said no. So I ask to speak to her manager who immediately came on the phone and gave me late check out without a fee since I'm a Mlife member. This place is getting to be a dump!
4	I hadn't been to Vegas in 15 years much has hanged. The strip blew my mind. My husband and I took our 2 boys ages 8 and 10.  I chose NY NY because I was told it was one of the best kid friendly hotels and room rates were low. We got incredible value! Our kids practically lived in the arcade! There are so many great places to eat or grab a slice of pizza, Deli sandwich hot dog ala Cony Island style. The hotel is across the street from M&M World and Coca-Cola store. Kids loved it!We were all too scared to ride the roller coaster, but enjoyed watching others screaming by us. Maybe next time we will be brave enough because we will definitely be returning.
4	Hotel New York New York sends a general outline of Manhattan. The entrance is a 45-meter high replica of the statue of Liberty, surrounded by buildings, typical of New York. Front of the statue of liberty is a copy of the Brooklyn Bridge.Roller coaster "Manhattan Express" run around the entire complex and returned to the store "Coney Island Emporium".Inside the complex there is a casino area of 7800 meters and kvadrtanyh imitation of New York's streets with lanterns and sewer manholes.Casino was one of the biggiest one with lot's of possibilities for gambling..
5	This place was just amazing! Ppl at the register desk were beyond helpful and so nice! I booked thru facebook and receieved a 50 credit which came in hella handy! Who doesnt like perks! Will be back for future stays for sure. Center Bar has great bartenders. Thanks to eveyone for making our stay wonderful
4	Aside from having to pay a resort fee to stay at this hotel of approximately $20/night (BTW, this fee is taxed), I had an enjoyable experience. It is interesting to peer out of your window and see a roller coaster go by your window. Since it was my first time staying at this hotel, I was dreading having to enter into this property since it is located on the NW corner of Tropicana and Las Vegas Blvd. Since I was exiting off the 15 freeway, I wasn't sure if there was an entrance off of Tropicana. As I was making my approach, I did notice an entrance off of Tropicana Avenue. However, the left turn lane can be easily missed at night. Also, there is a long curb delineating the left turn lane so if you miss it, you will have to enter through Las Vegas Blvd which is not really the best idea due to the traffic congestion. When you get to the parking garage, there is an attendant who supposedly monitors people entering the garage but all he does is just say hello to you. Once you find parking, there are two pedestrian bridges that lead into the property on the 3rd floor. Actually, they both lead into the lobby registration area so don't worry about getting lost although the signage can be spotty at this property as I was confused initially as to where registration was.Being that it is a MGM property, many of the properties are right next to each other such as MGM across the street, Monte Carlo, Excalibur, Luxor, and Mandalay Bay are pretty close by if you just take the free tram.I love that New York New York has a wide range of restaurants from budget to pricey food, there is something for everyone. I really wanted to eat a Nathan's hot dog, but of course got distracted from all the other food and entertainment choices on the strip. Since I was inebriated for most of the time in Vegas, I found myself stumbling to Sirrico's Pizza frequently. Even though I was on vacation, I found myself also heading to their gym on the 3rd floor of the Empire Tower. It was actually a very decent facility, must bigger than the gym at the Tropicana. Since the gym was included in the resort fee, I might as well use it since I was paying for it. The casino area had a wide range of games that seemed to be quite reasonably priced for the strip that is, although if you wanted lower limit tables and slot machines, the downtown Las Vegas area would be better for that. Overall, I enjoyed my experience at this hotel and casino.
4	Stayed here twice so far. Rooms are clean and modern. Tons of shops inside, great restaurants, large central bar. Walking through the hotel halls is like walking down a city block. If your room is located further from the elevators, prepare to walk a good deal. Concierge was helpful but the lines moved a bit slowly as expected.It's on a good part of the strip so you'll have fun which ever direction you decide to take. It's location is on the south end but not more than a few min walk from all the great casinos. Airport is a 5 min drive directly down Flamingo and the freeway is another 2-3 min drive going the other direction. Price is mid-range for Vegas.
3	I stayed here on my last trip to Vegas for the first time and am hesitant to say whether or not it will be my last. I'll admit I love the set-up of the casino and was very happy that my significant other (who swore up and down he wouldn't like Vegas) loosened up while wandering the mini street replicas of a city he really does love. Yet despite the friendly service at guest registration and the casino's atmosphere I was less than pleased with the room itself. The beds were comfortable enough, everything was in working order, the setup desirable, and things seemed clean.. however there was broken glass in one area of the room and upon further inspection I do not see how this room could have been vacuumed before our arrival. When calling our complaint in we were apologized to and told it would be cleaned right away. Well, it wasn't and since I didn't want to spend my time on the phone growing frustrated (I save that for calling my internet company) we just avoided that area of the room -- the entire time. Okay okay, so perhaps we should have called again. Maybe two peoples mistake  (the person who didn't vacuum and the person who didn't send someone to clean it up) was not worth knocking an entire hotel/casino down despite the fact that the hotel is supposedly four stars. Well, I'll give you that.. but I have another complaint too! Upon our arrival we were informed that since we were staying at the hotel we could get 20% off tickets to see Zumanity, the Cirque du Soleil show available at NewYork-NewYork. We had planned on seeing a show to begin with so the proposed deal somewhat swayed our decision. After walking the strip we decided to just go with Zumanity and headed back, found ourselves in line, and then waited to be greeted by a less than charming woman behind the box office. No 20% off apparently, that was only for certain days of the week. (Alright, fine.) But, as we asked questions about the show to make sure we were making the right choice we were privvy to annoyed responses. Look lady, I'm not some cheapskate but registration told us the show was AWESOME and also told us we could get 20% off. Since one was a lie I want to make sure the other one wasn't as well. After realizing I wasn't going to get anywhere with this woman we just took our chances and purchased the tickets. Ugh, I suppose I wouldn't completely write this hotel/casino off but I will definitely look elsewhere before booking here again. There are just too many options to have to deal with these types of scenarios.
3	dislike the area of the lower floor food court, very slippery. the ride was amazing! kinda sad they dont have that many rides. i love the $5 min roulette
4	This is a great casino.  Lots to do in here, lots of very good places to eat.  It is also conveniently located, next to Monte Carlo and across the street from MGM.  More than enough tables and machines to gamble on. My only negative is that you cannot walk into this place from the bridge without being hit on for money or someone peddling their rap CD's for their "burgeoning careers."  This seems like the place where the TV show of the LVMPD spends most of their time busting trouble makers.  But it is an awesome experience inside here.  Great dining area and roller coaster that has people screaming while you're eating your meal.  Awesome! Very vibrant place.
4	Each year my work takes us to Vegas, and each year we stay at a different hotel.  I must say I enjoyed my stay at New York New York.   The standard rooms are ok, nothing special, however we decided to upgrade to the spa suite for just $40 a more a night....This was worth the money.  The jacuzzi spa was wonderful after walking all over Vegas during the day.  The people that worked at New York New York were nice and helpful!  The restaurants on site were affordable and offered a nice selection of  different food.   I would for sure stay here again.
3	I stayed here for a few days in late 2011 for a work trip.Pros: lots of food options; parking's easy to get in/out of; room was nice.Cons: can be hard to find your way around inside; especially since its primary function is to be a casino.
5	One of my favorite's in Las Vegas... Fun at a reasonable price.NYNY is great to spend some time strolling and drinking beers. the gaming floor is laid out well and the staff is generally friendly and helpful.Be sure to get a slice of pizza :)
4	Spent 6 nights here on a business trip to CES.  Check-In time is offically 3pm but they will start checking in a couple hours early for an additional fee ($50 I recall) and you can store your luggage with the bellhop service if you decide to wait.  I arrived around 11am from the airport and was told by the very friendly and courteous attendant at the front desk that if I didn't care about a view, I could have a Spa Suite on the 3rd floor right away.  I wasn't there for the view so I accepted and went up to the room and immediately realized why this room was available......It's surrounded by large VERY VERY NOISY fans and other roof equipment.  The windows in the room (357) look out onto the top of the roof of another section of the hotel.  No big deal, like I said, I wasn't there for the view.  But the noise was insane!  Sounded like a diesel truck engine running in the room!  I went back down to the front desk and told them about it and they said "no problem, we'll move you up to another suite as soon as one opens"  which turned out to be a couple hours later.  The new suite up on the 21st Fl was excellent.  Same basic room layout as the noisy 3rd floor room, very spacious bordering on huge, king bed, 2 person hot tub in the bedroom, decent size bathroom, free wifi, nice TV, and a really great view of the West side of Vegas and the scenic mountains.  Only thing really lacking was a refrigerator.  Not even a small one in the room.  The next size upgraded suite apparently has one it but not  the Spa Suites.  Hmmmm I'm used to having a fridge even in a basic Hilton room!  Anyways....The bed was very comfortable, tons of pillows, and really no compaints about anything in the room.  I was a little worried about noise when I first looked out and saw the big arc of the roller coaster where the coaster climbs slowly up to the big drop.....and everyone screams......but unless I was listening for it, I didn't even notice after a short time.   having the hot tub in the room was awesome too after some long days on my feet doing a lot of walking around.  So nice to come back and relax in the hot tub in the privacy of my own room.  The casino is well laid out in a central location and most of the rest of the first floor is filled with eating establishments.  Being there for 7 days and 6 nights, I got the chance to try many of them and was very pleased with the variety and quality of the choices.  They run the full range from very cheap to rather expensive too so there really is something for everyone's budget here.  They have a couple shows to see as well and my wife and I saw Zumanity with a nice discount from the hotel conceirge.  Good show for adults...a bit odd at times but very entertaining overall.  I'd highly recommend not renting a car from the hotel's Avis desk though. They charge twice as much to rent from the hotel as they do from the airport which is a 5 minute cab ride away.  I only needed the car for one day so it was worth the cab ride over to save $100.  So overall, I'd recommend the hotel and wouldn't mind staying there again but I'd make sure I got a room with a fridge next time and wouldn't even think of anything on the lower floors due to noise.
4	I will give this place 5 stars when I actually have the opportunity to stay here! I have always wanted to because of it's perfect location on the strip and becuase some of my favorite places are located inside. Sorry Venetian, sorry Paris, but New York, New York has the best themed indoor-but-you-feel-like-you-are-outdoors area! I just LOVE walking the streets, stopping for a hot dog or popping in to the dueling piano bar. Coyote Ugly is a great place for a more laid-back club experience (I say laid-back loosely... it's still a club-like atmosphere, just more laid back in comparison to, say, Tao or The Bank.) and the frozen drink vendor outside of it has the best bang-for-your-buck drinks- even better than Fat Tuesday! I also really enjoy the Nine Fine Irishmen bar, and, even though I do not enjoy sports of any kind, I even like the sports bar and grill.NY, NY is a must-see casino when visiting Vegas. Don't pass it up!
3	Not bad for the price - but not too great either.  My biggest pet peeve was the bathroom - no fan, no window - thats just not right.  Staff was very friendly and was accommodating to some special requests that I had.  Food in the restaurants was pretty good, and I am a VERY selective eater.  NYNY draws a mixed crowd - the occasional drunken group from Excalibur that I could do without, and a few early morning jackass drunkards - but yes, you are in Vegas.SIDE NOTE - the 'free' wifi is paid for by the RESORT fee which is not included in the room rate.  Also included is gym access but most people in that place have never found it.
4	Want to start by saying Vegas is not my preferred Vegas destination; my bf chose the city, I chose the hotel based on location, size, and proximity to the attractions I wanted to hit. I'm glad I went with NYNY. The hotel itself is not as massive as some of the other resorts we visited (MGM, Caesars, Bellagio,) so you don't feel like you're walking for days between your room and the exits or somewhere else in the hotel. The staff at check-in was fantastic and accommodating -- we had asked for a room near an elevator and while she tried to up sell us to an upper floor for $50, we stayed on the 3rd floor, about four doors down from the lifts. Also, I had a fabulous chat with the ladies at the MLife desk (I wish I could remember their names... One was from NC!) and felt very much at home at NYNY. While is isn't much in the way of shopping, the restaurants are superb and I recommend hitting up a slice of NYC-style pizza on the cobblestone streets for $4 (or $7 with a drink). Plus, at night you can listen and dance in the street to the piano bar through the open windows. Also, I don't know what other people are talking about... The mattress in my room was incredible. Best sleep I've had in a LONG time!
4	I had last stayed here back in 2007 and had said "never again". Spring break with the kids  all drunk at the pool was too much for me. My sister made the reservations and we saw the reviews had gotten better over the past few years. I was so glad to see so many improvements in the lobby and casino bars etc. Much cleaner and easier to find things. the City area in back is even better with food choices more and menu selections more varied! The starbucks helped too! The arcade and coaster area upstairs is still a fabulous place for kids and grown ups alike! The center bar staff were fabulous and the 9 fine Irishmen still rocks!
4	I have now stayed multiple times at this hotel and have little to complain about.  The prices are in line, if not lower, of other strip locations and offer rooms that have recently been remodeled with great matresses. The tower room set up is also a big plus to me- I appreciate stacked rooms that are easy to access instead of walking miles to your room.Food variety in this hotel is great. The offerings have a steak house, chinese, italian, express and a sports pub. Entertainment is great, Zumanity is one of my personal favorite Cirque du Soleil show matching the hotel well. Times square also has a dueling piano bar which is packed at night, much fun. The location of the hotel also is right near the center of the strip which is great for driving/ walking access.
5	Stayed at NYNY from the 2/10/13 - 2/14/13 in a standard room with two of my friends on vacation. I was extremely please with my stay overall. We arrived via shuttle to the hotel around 11am, so our check in wasn't ready yet and we dropped off our bags with the bell hop. After walking around for about an hour and a half, we walked up the front desk to check in, and even though check in time was around 2, they let us in at about 12:30pm. Rooms are separated into different buildings so you have to take a specific set of elevators to your room. We got the corner room in the Chrysler building on the 27th floor, facing away from the strip towards the mountains and the Monte Carlo Hotel. Room was pretty standard, and the beds were very comfortable. We asked for a cot and more fresh towels, all of which they brought up right away. My only qualm with the room was the bathroom didn't have a fan, and also the water pressure was extremely weak in the sink and the shower. Other than that, it was all pretty nice, clean, and comfortable. This is an excellent hotel and casino to vacation at if your with kids, or with friends, or just looking for a great deal overall. This hotel isn't the Ritz so if your looking for sheer classy and elegance, a place like the Aria or Bellagio might be your place, but it is still a nice, fun place with a lot of character to it. PROS*Price - Compared to the other prices for hotels, you can't beat the price. A much cheaper price than anywhere else, yet the rooms, atmosphere, and everything else was fantastic. The best bang for your buck on the Las Vegas Strip for sure. Only con on the price was the 'Resort Fee'. Basically, you have to pay it anyway, so why not just include that in the original price. It's a little deceiving, but all of the MGM properties do that. *Food Options - We ate at the Broadway Burger Bar and got some other random food there like a slice of pizza, but there was so much more that we could have eaten. The options there are incredible, and lots of places to choose from. The Burger was was reasonably priced and good food. The slice of sicilian pizza was good, but $6 a slice!*Casino Options - One of the much smaller casinos on the strip that I saw, but they have lower table limits like $5 Blackjack which many hotels do not offer. I also liked the layout of the casino how it was more of an open air atrium like Paris had, as supposed to low ceilings that almost every other casino has. Maybe it was a bit of a dead week, but they didn't have as many table games open as they could have.  *Service - Everyone was extremely friendly from the wait staff, to the maids who cleaned the room. Every single time we ask for something (towels, soap, cot, etc.) they brought it up right away and were very nice about everything. We also met a host on the floor who gave us our mLife Cards right there and helped us out with advice.CONS*Location - More towards the south of the strip, but still not a bad walk if you want to travel to other surrounding casinos.
4	I have always disliked this part of the Strip. My previous Vegas Vacation's (yeah, I went there) have been further north - Mirage, Paris, etc. However, due to budgets and the desire to try something new, the six of us stayed down at NY NY for a bachelor party recently. I must say that I was impressed with the hotel in a way I didn't expect. But I still don't like this part of the Strip. We arrived around 6:30pm on a Friday and I expected a long wait at check in. But...there wasn't. We had our keys within 5 minutes or so. We had two Park Avenue (base) rooms, and one Madison Avenue room. Park Avenue - Small but comfortable. The bathroom was large enough, and the beds were comfortable. Everything was very clean, the TVs were nice and had plenty of channels. Madison Avenue - On a corner overlooking the Strip and the airport (great, because I'm an aviation nerd). There was more room, but also an annoying column that was randomly placed and took up park of it. There were plenty of windows, a large bathroom, two comfy beds. Food options are good, and mostly on the affordable side. I recommend the Greenberg's Deli or the Broadway Burger place. Also Nathan's which is quick and cheap. Bar wise, Nine Fine Irishmen is a blast. Pour 24 is okay. Coyote Ugly is a great place to get a to-go frozen beverage for the road, but I have no desire to actually go inside. The casino is fine and has all of your standard games, but feels (only feels, I have no facts) slightly smaller than others. The sports book is awful - best go across to either MGM or Excalibur, both of which have better sports books.
3	4 night stay....I would return.I had the standard room...Try to get a room near the elevators, or you will be walking forever.  Smoking floors available if you smoke.  The bathrooms are a good size and there are plenty of towels. Beds are super comfy.  The room service is excellent as well as the restaurants downstairs.  The drink prices are super high!!  Pour 24 was a nice bar/good bartenders.
3	We didn't stay at New York New York, but walked around to see what the hotel had to offer. It had an old New York type of style to it. The shops looked like sections of Manhattan & the casino was pretty good. They have an arcade and roller coaster, which is much higher than it appears. The Brooklyn Bridge replica on the outside is nice, as well as the Statue of Liberty. The outside of the hotel does need updating.
3	This review is for the deli.  Service was good.  Had the matzo ball soup which wasn't so good.  Chicken flavor was missing in the broth. Other reviews indicated just like homemade but it wasn't.
3	We often pay a visit to New York New York whenever we're on the prowl in Sin City. The resort offers a fine assortment of dining options and the casino is busy, but not unenjoyable.I've never stayed at NYNY, so this review is based solely on casual visits and gambling runs at the property. I'm a machine player, not tables, so this casino has always been appealing in that it really is machine-heavy. NYNY seems to always have new machines as soon as they come available as well, and a fine assortment of old favorites on tap, including some really old ones near the bathroom next to the casino escalators.There is a midway upstairs and a roller coaster at this property, so DO expect a fair amount of family traffic here; it's not Circus Circus or Excalibur status when it comes to kids, but you will see them here. The coaster is something I haven't been on in over a decade; we rode it the night NYNY opened in 1997 (we drove from Orange County to Vegas and arrived at about 3am, just hours after the resort's midnight opening) and once was enough; nothing special, and now, it is VERY expensive. No thanks.During our last trip in January, we ate dinner at the resort's Mexican restaurant, Gonzalez Y Gonzalez and LOVED it! Can't speak highly enough of the food quality (see my review under that business) and freakin YUMMY drinks! Go there and enjoy!NYNY is within walking distance of the south end of the Strip, although Luxor and Mandalay Bay or Hooters may be a bit of a hike for some. It is right next door to Monte Carlo and across the street from Excalibur and MGM Grand; great location, and definitely worth a visit! It's changed a lot since opening day, but still has its New York theme mostly intact. One thing you won't find here are a lot of video poker machines on the floor; this casino is mostly catering to slot machines of other types (yes, VP is considered part of the slot family, but that confuses people) such as Lord of the Rings, Goldfish and Sex in the City.Good luck!
3	cool place and fun atmosphere. gallaghers restaurant is DELISH and coyote ugly is fun if you like that sort of thing
5	Love, love, love NYNY!  Every time we go to Vegas, we find ourselves at NYNY for the gambling.  Love the friendly staff and fun atmosphere.  The 11am Craps lesson is the best and it's free!  I never thought I could understand all the complexities of the game of Craps, but after the lesson, I was totally confident in my ability.  The room we stayed in was clean and quite comfortable.  Definitely going back in the future.
4	We stayed at NYNY when our original flight was canceled due to weather.  The room was clean (basic room), bathroom was tiled with marble, beds had crisp fresh sheets and fluffy pillows and we had a great view of Las Vegas Blvd. Only small thing was sink was cracked. We were impressed with the speed of check-in, the professionalism of the valet and bellhops and how easy it was to get some food and good show tickets (Blue Man Group) for the same evening. All staff had smiles on their faces and were very considerate of our being stranded. We would stay here again. It was an area of Vegas with plenty to do and see.  We had a blast! Food was on the pricy side. Only downside was the volume of slot machines, my ears were ringing after walking thru the casino floor. We caught the double decker bus ($8 for a 24 hr pass) across the street in front of the MGM and toured the strip and a few other casinos.
4	I had a conference at Paris Las Vegas, but I was unhappy with the group room rate, a price I was able to beat by a couple dollars by doing merely a few minutes of e-searching. After a couple weeks of on-again, off-again digging for cheap prices, I came to the conclusion that NY NY was a good option for me. Although Paris seemed to brag about not having a resort fee and NY NY has a $20 daily fee, I was still able to save ~$40 a night by staying here. After talking to a fellow conference goer, I found Paris charged extra for internet access anyway, so the wifi included in NY NY's fee made the deal even sweeter. The fee also included use of the fitness center and the ability to print out your boarding pass in the hotel's business center - be sure you have your confirmation number with you.Overall, I was very pleased with the space. I was given a basic "Premier" room with two queen beds - meh, I don't need a king - on the 14th floor in the "New York Tower," with a view of the roller coaster. I found the bathroom to be quite large and stocked well with towels. There is no desk in the Premier room, so if you need one, you'll need to obtain a more expensive unit. No refrigerator, microwave, or coffee maker. I did use the ice bucket to keep my yogurt chilled, which worked well for me.Not having been to Vegas for 10 years, I was surprised at how much the Strip had changed. Remembering the major pain it was to cross the street way-back-when, I did a happy dance when i saw there was a pedestrian walkway from the mezzanine level across the Strip toward the MGM Grand. From there, it was a 10-30-minute walk to Paris. "A 20-minute difference," you ask? Yes, 10-30 minutes. A 10-minute walk at 6:30am if you walk fast, but otherwise, if you need to get anywhere quickly during the day, forget about it, unless you're assertive/borderline aggressive. There are just too many slow, alcohol-infused bodies.NY NY offers express checkout, perhaps predictable since establishments in towns 1/10 the size of Vegas often do so, as well. Because my workplace is partially reimbursing me for this trip, and because I work for the state government, I had to go through the traditional checkout process for paperwork reasons. Front desk staff, as they were at check-in, were friendly and helpful. My only issue with NY NY was that, upon asking where I could pick up a shuttle to the airport, a staff person said I needed to call in advance. Um...what? In Vegas?? When the airport is such a short distance away and there are a bazillion people coming and going at all times? Sheesh. When I picked up the house phone to make a reservation, the operator connected me to a shuttle company that didn't come for me on time. Luckily I was able to get to the airport via another shuttle service. So, if you're making reservations in advance, you may want to clarify the shuttle issue--unless, of course, you win big and score a limo.
4	Hotel is nice. NYNY has easy access from freeway and their parking structure is very easy in/out access. The hotel has a lot of fun places to eat. Pizza, steak, ice cream, Starbucks---all at your fingertips. Rooms are nice and they let us check in at 10am which was a big perk. I recommend joining the M Life club at hotel as makes it so you can check in in a preferred line. Also, sports book in great location. While book is small you can still get the bets down so its all good.Biggest drawback is as in most hotels in Vegas every time you walk through casino you get coated with the stink of cigarette smoke. Never understand the stupidity of people who still smoke but they are still plenty that do.
5	love it love it love it
4	First time staying here. Liked the convenience of their location, central to what I was looking for. Checked in late at night and just beat the crowd, getting there before midnight. Rooms are nice, nothing out of the ordinary. Clean and comfortable what else could you ask for? Food options are not great but I really enjoyed the Nathan's pretzel dogs. Nice sized casino with all the games you could want. Cocktail servers were attentive and kept the drinks coming. Nice fitness center that apparently doesn't seem to get much usage. Daily resort fee includes daily USA Today from the gift shop, free fitness center access, free internet (wireless and wired.) Would stay again.
2	Staying on the strip again at just another huge strip themed hotel. I didn't find anything spectacular about staying here. And what I found to be a huge negative was where the pool is located. You don't get a lot of sun at the later part of the day. Because they have the parking garage build up right behind it. The only real benefit I found was in the resort daily fees they include Wi-Fi. When I come to visit Vegas again I will choose another hotel for sure.
5	We stayed at New York, New York for a long weekend & loved it!  The atmosphere, the rooms, the restaurants, the clubs... everything was great!  Upon arriving my husband checked us in & he was upgraded because he is active duty military.  We also went to the Irish Bar & Coyote Ugly (both inside of NY NY) where we both got in free, no cover, because of being military. Also, we were able to eat right in NY NY every night because of all the great restaurant choices.  We had pizza from the NY Pizzeria, it was good & not over-priced.  The deli style restaurant they have there is the absolute best sandwich I have ever had in my life!  Again, not over-priced espcially considering you are in Las Vegas.  The last night we went to see the show Zumanity at NY NY (where they also gave an incredible military discount for tickets) & ate dinner at the Mexican restaurant, Gonzalez Y Gonzalez.  It is semi-expensive for mexican food but worth every penny!  We ordered a crab guacamole where they have everything cut fresh & mix it right at your table.  The margaritas are to die for as well!  The only down fall is, of course the additional resort fees you pay like any other hotel on the strip.  Other than losing some money at the craps tables... this was our favorite trip to Vegas!!!
1	Spent Easter Weekend at New York New York Hotel and was very disappointed.  My teenagers wanted to spend some time at the pool when we arrived, but it was small, there was hardly any room for chairs, the roller coaster is overhead so you hear screaming every few minutes and it inexplicably closed at 5pm even though it was still hot outside & SUPER CROWDED.  Overall what should be relaxing, was not relaxing at all!  Our room was very small, the decor was very dark & depressing and the bathroom looked like it belonged in a jail.  I paid extra for a premium view room, but there was no view and we were near the roller coaster so we had to hear that late into the night.  Not relaxing at all.  The layout of the casino was confusing - knowing what was on what floor was difficult.  On the positive:  beds were comfy, shower was hot & had good pressure, faster food options (NY Deli in particular) were good & well priced.  However, these few positives were not enough to get over the fact that this hotel is priced similar to other 4-Star Hotels, but the NY NY is FAR below the others.  The overall feeling I was left with was this is a cheap hotel with a splashy facade...overall was very unrelaxing.
4	I was travelling with a friend who was visiting Vegas for the first time. As we were roommates in the real NYC for many years, I thought it would be funny to stay at NYNY in Las Vegas.  I haven't been to Vegas in over 3 years, so I was curious if it had changed much, and curious how exponentially more expensive Vegas is now than in the many times I had been there over the past 12 years.We arrived on a Thursday to check in around 5:30pm.  Despite traffic on the strip being a gridlocked parking lot, the NYNY wasn't crowded at all. There were only two people in front of us in the check in line, and very soon we were in our room on the 21st floor. The room was a looooooong walk from the elevator, but I didn't request a room closer to the elevator so I can't really bitch about it.  We faced the Orleans and Monte Carlo and had nice views of the sunset. And, despite being close to the roller coaster, I didn't hear it at all, as many online reviews had warned.As far as large resorts on the strip go, NYNY is probably the smallest, which is a good thing for me. I am partially disabled so walking at length can be painful.  The casino, restaurants, gift shop, and exits weren't a ridiculously long walk unlike other places (MGM, Luxor, Venetian). I didn't gamble for long at all, but the cocktail waitress swooped down on me like a hawk getting me a drink in a New York minute.  Lots of new machines in the past few years:  The Hangover, Sex and The City, and Pawn Stars to name a few.  I'm waiting for HoneyBooBoo slots!  The only restaurant we ate at was the America restaurant, which had very good food and excellent service. And, the prices though high, weren't ridiculous for the strip. Cocktails were strong as an ox and were a better deal than the food. There was NYC favorites like Ben & Jerry's and Nathan's, plus higher end options like Gallagher's and Il Fornaio.  I wish they had a Blimpie like I used to get in NYC all the time.  Blimpie is far superior to Subway sandwiches.The rooms were the smallest Vegas rooms I'd stayed in, but not exactly tiny either.  The beds and sitting chairs were very comfortable. My only complaint was the bathtub which drained slowly and had the highest step-in I've ever seen. You almost need a foot stool to get in the tub.  The resort fee was extortionary but every Vegas hotel has this now, not the NYNY's fault.  At least the wifi was the fastest hotel wifi I had ever used. Even faster than my broadband at home.  Maid service was good and didn't steal anything, always a plus.In summary, I enjoyed my stay at NYNY and would definitely stay here again.
3	For being one of the older Hotel/Casinos on the strip, The NY NY is holding its own.Its always plenty busy, which I assume is due to their fair prices for both food/drinks as well as descent hotel rates.It's location is good and the restaurants are set up like at the Paris with a mini old school NY feel to it.Always worth a walk through, not the nicest but not the worst.I do think its getting time for a facelift though, its looking a bit darkn and worn out in there.
2	Stinky dirty hotel
4	It was a great hotel. The lineup was a bit long at midnight. Because it was my birthday, they upgraded our room. We got a $50 food voucher and we went to buy pizza, a huge one. My only complaints were that the hot tub was out of order the last day, but they gave a resort fee refund for that day. The other complaint was the roller-coaster kept me up late the night because it was loud. Besides that it was a great hotel. I loved the mini new york
5	I love NYNY. I had previously stayed here with my family 10 years ago however i stayed this past December with my GF. This hotel is very nice and so are the rooms. We stayed in the Park Avenue room with a view of the roller coaster. I love that they have alot of eateries in their hotel. If you're a sushi fan you must eat at Chin Chin inside NYNY. Their sushi is good and their crab cakes along with shrimp tempura lettuce cups. The pizza place inside is also good. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Oh and their resort fee is cheaper than other hotels. i thinks its 12.50 a day but all hotels have a resort fee now. I also got the room at a discounted rate so i was very happy. Friendly environment
5	I happen to really enjoy the gaming floor here. I love Nine Fine Irishmen and make it a point to go every trip. The hotel itself is loud, but the rooms are pretty nice. I hate the roller coaster being right out the window though.
2	New York Hotel Las Vegas is not a 4 star hotel it is 3 star  hotel all the way... The bathroom was old and outdated. It looks like something you would see in the a motel.  I ask for champagne and got it in a glass instead of a flute.The Chinese restaurant food was grose, awlful and very nasty. We paid $60.00 for food we had to throw away, my stomach still hurt . The service in the Italian restaurant was poor from the old man bartender.   Please pay the extra money to stay somewhere nice like Venetian or Bellagio
3	We stayed three nights here, ate at Il Fornail and gambled.THE GOOD:Great location if you are driving from the airport.  Easy off and on from the freeway!  Close to MGM, Monte Carlo, Excalibur and Luxor, plus you can catch the tram across the street.  The Canyon store across the street also has a big selection of alcohol and lots of nic nacs you might need that you forgot at home.  Close to Ross Store too if you need clothes while you are there!  Easy walk to Bellagio for the light show and the many other hotels and shopping down the strip.We got upgraded from the Park room to the Madison room which was roomier and very nice.  They were out of Strip views but we got a great room on the 28/29 floors with a great view anyway.The matresses were very comfortable!Free newspaper each day at the little store near the exit to the parking garage.All the staff I dealt with was very friendly.  I never came across anybody with attitude or rudeness.Free wi-fi included with the resort fee (see resort fee under THE BAD).Check-in as quick on a Wednesday night but each time I passed by the line was always much shorter than what I have experienced at Excalibur and MGM.THE BAD:Our room the first night was next to some up-all-night party goers... it was so noisy and the hub did not sleep very well.  We asked for a new room the next night and the people next to us were not as noisy but they were still loud and noisy, just not up all night!  The walls are too thin if you get the adjoining rooms.  As for rooms that don't adjoin and that might be better.There is a $20 resort fee (typical I think of all the hotels on the strip) per night so even if you have comped room you still pay the resort fee.  They did tell me at the check-in that if you play enough, you can use your comps to offset the resort fee.We asked for a cork screw and wine glasses and there was a $5 fee for each plus a delivery fee added on from room service!!!!  OUCH!I did not win any money on the slot machines but it was fun and they did let me play for a while...Overall a good visit and I might return if I find another good deal!
4	This review is for the casino area. Nice layout, I love the central park area.. a number of restaurants and shops in a Manhattan style layout.. This place is kept nicely updated and seems state of the art.
4	I have TONS of family who now reside in Vegas, so I rarely make it down to the strip to hang out. I'm there so often during the year that I'm considered somewhat of a local. However, I went to meet up with some friends yesterday @ this hotel & was quickly reminded of how cool it is!First, we nibbled on affordable $5-6 pizza slices @ New York Pizzeria. The slices were big & tasty (I was hungry so I completely forgot to take photos of the food b4 we started eating). Shame on me! Then, we took a ride on the roller coaster. It's only $14 for a 3-minute ride with a minimal wait (we were in line for about 5 minutes). The ride is hella fun with all of the dips, twists, & turns! Since I was acting like a tourist, I decided to pick up a few items in the gift shop next to the arcades. I was long overdue for a new sippy cup (it's purple w/the Welcome to Vegas sign on front) and yet another beer-opener magnet for my fridge (as if you can ever have too many of those, right?). After my brief shopping spree, we hit the slots & roulette table for a while. Unfortunately, none of us hit it big, but we still had a good time enjoying the ambiance. Overall, I had a great time & was pleasantly pleased @ my 1-day casino visit. Guess it's ok to play the tourist role every now & again because I ended up having a blast! :-)
4	- MGM properties (MGM, NY-NY, Excalibur, Luxor, Mandalay Bay, Luxor...) are pretty good at giving locals/military personnel discounts so inside NY-NY the Coyote Ugly and Times Square bars waives the night-time cover charge for locals. - 24/7 $5 blackjack table(s).  When I was here on Sat/20 Apr about 8 pm there were 2 such tables near the escalators and if I recall correctly blackjack still payed 3-to-2 (some places, eg Excalibur, $5 blackjack pays only 6-to-5).- The "Times Square" bar with the dueling pianos is also pretty cool, though it draws an older (over 28) crowd.  At night cover charge is $5 or free with local ID.
3	One of the grittier hotels on the strip, I've never booked a room here, but I did stop by for a roller coaster ride. While a fun idea, it's one of those things you do once just to say you did and never have the desire to repeat ever again. Rides aren't as fun when the sides of the shoulder restraints play pong with your head. That might be an exaggeration, but it was by no means a smooth ride. NYNY roller coaster - check. Next.I do appreciate the reasonably priced and simple food available. NYNY had a few smaller spots perfect for just a quick bite in between your extravagant $50 brunch and four dollar sign steakhouse dinner found at other casinos. I just can't justify dropping $20 on some chicken strips. I had some chili cheese fries at a cost that wasn't ridiculously inflated.The casino (and pretty much this general area of the Strip) could sure use a bit of a face-lift, but I enjoyed the time I spent there, though it was a very short visit.
4	In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. Never stayed at the hotel, however, love browsing and spending time here 'cause my kid at heart is at play. I haven't done much time in NY, therefore, cannot comment if this properly emulates the feel of the city, however, for what it is I had fun. If you're one of those people whom can't stand children, I would stay away from this hotel. There is a fun arcade in the hotel. I have yet to do the roller coaster. The souvenirs are cheesy "I love New York" souvenirs, however, more in it or the laugh than actual retail therapy. Not a lot of interaction with the staff personally but they looked all happy serving people at the front desk.
3	Compared to the nicer hotels on the strip this one has earned itself 3 stars. But as far as getting what you pay for, NYNY isn't bad. The room and bathroom were clean and the beds were comfortable. There just isn't much extra floor space in the rooms (in rooms with two double beds), few tv channels, and static on some channels that were available. The food options seem good although I didn't try any and there is a lot to do as far as slots and casino activities. The pool was small and there isn't much going on there. There is no coffee, fridge, or minibar in the rooms. For a cheap trip I would stay here again.
4	Great rooms. Very clean. A fun casino floor that makes you feel like you're in the big apple. Cocktail service is okay. Table limits are a little high for us low rollers. Great overall experience.
3	will i come back again, probably, will need to think abut it.Cons: Muppet at front desk added up our iniial room fee wrong by over $600 what a mess. rectified thoughYou pay $20 to have access to wifi its a resort fee, not great. should be covered in room fee etcbathroom so so, the showers are old and a bit out dated, but clean so not all bad.tv channels or lack there of, alot were locked out.cigarette smoke in our room, even though it was none smoking..unacceptable.Prosthe reason i gave it 3 stars where it really should have been 2, was the room serviceroom servie was great, goodfood big portions, nice staff.great view of roller coaster and vegasgood eaterys down in casinopool was good a few hot chicks down there, always welcome!beds soooo comfy, lookin at buying the same bed for home!chin chin breaky super goodlooks great outside the hotel
2	We made reservation through orbtiz. However, the when we reached NY- NY hotel they started charging us $20 extra for the resort fees and othe stuffs. As per the reservation, everything was included but the receptionist informed us NO it isn't because ususally they don't charge through ORTIBZ. Bummer to reach the place and have to pay additional fee.Overall the hotel was okay.
4	I walked and walked and walked ugh... I have walked all over this casino and for the life of me I cant find a poker room. Really no poker room. I cant imagine going to NY and not being able to play poker. So why would the NYNYC be any different. What am I to do at a casino that don't have a poker room? Eat & shop... (I'm a POKER PLAYER.)  When I think of casino I think (POKER ROOM)This casino is a nice local spot to hang out. The people who work here are kind and very professional. That alone is a reason to return and shop and support the things that are going on inside this casino. You have to enjoy people who make you feel at home. If you have not had a chance to stop in and share in the fun do so today. I go often.
5	Probably as close to the real New York as you can get here in Vegas. The highlight of this casino is the roller coaster of course. If you are a thrill seeker this is definitely the place for you!
3	I have stayed at New York New York twice now, and the feel of it has significantly changed over the years.  I first stayed here 10 years ago, and thought it was one of the nicer hotels on the strip at the time.  When I recently visited, it felt so worn and outdated.  It just hasn't aged well.  Not only does New York New York feel old, but many of the surrounding hotels are newer or more recently renovated.New York New York is an average place to stay at on the strip.  It is a 'no frills' type of place, with not a lot of fun stuff to do and lacking in attractions.  The best thing about New York New York is Zumanity, which is an awesome show!  Besides a few places to eat and a fairly small casino, there are not that many fun things to do here.  If you want a place on the strip to sleep at night, New York New York serves that purpose.  If you want a happening place with lots going on, I would suggest looking elsewhere.
3	Third trip to the Strip. A decent room with good space. Not quite the view. Back end of Monte Carlo for us on rhw 15th floor. Not a seperate shower. Pros lots of small deli and eateries.
3	Stayed here for my first trip to Vegas this past weekend. I have no big complaints but I didn't spend much time outside of sleeping here. The atmosphere is pretty cool. The donut shop is really good and of course Nathan's. Didn't get a chance to ride the rollercoaster sadly, next time for sure. We had a smoking room but it was really clean and nice. I am super sensitive to smoke and didn't smell anything. My only complaint is how loud the cleaning staff is and when we first checked in we had to ask for a blanket but everyone who worked here was really nice. I want to try other places but would stay here again.
4	This hotel is great if you have kids because they put a roller coaster ride which i thought was to attract a lot of families to stay at their hotel and bring their kids and make it great for the family too. Their prices are decent to stay and their rooms are very nice. You don't get all the glitter and glitz that you would like some of the other fancy and classy hotels on the strip but this hotel is still great for a vacation for families that can't stay away from the casinos and still want to have fun for the family. The pool is nice and the ride will keep the kids entertained. The food is great so you can't go wrong if you chose this hotel on your next Vegas vacation.
2	We stayed at NYNY over the Memorial Day holiday, so a crowd was certainly expected.  But, it seemed like the wait at the elevators (Century Tower) was longer than it needed to be.  There are only 4 elevators that service the very frustrating, you were already annoyed when you came downstairs in the morning because of the wait.The VIP check in area is very nice, and the women were fantastic.  Very quick process.  Same with the valet.  The room left a little to be desired.  We required a fridge due to some medical supplies, and when it was delivered the guy delivering it commented on how small our room was.  He had to put it by the door because it fit no where else in the room.  This meant it was bumped a couple of times on our way in/out of the room.When we arrived the safe did not work.  This caused us to have to wait in the room about 20 minutes for security to come.  The woman with security was very nice and solved the problem quickly, but it was an annoyance to deal with right when we arrived.  Also, the safe was on the floor of the room.  In other MGM properties I have stayed at (Bellagio, MGM Grand), the safe is inside the night table next to the beds, so you can sit on the bed and get into the safe.  At NYNY, I had to sit on the floor and lean over, which was also annoying.MLife employees were friendly.  There are lots of casual dining options in addition to a very good steakhouse in Gallagher's.  I think if the rooms were upgraded upstairs, it would help a lot.  Good location, with a quick walkway to MGM Grand and a very short walk to Monte Carlo.  They do need to remedy the elevator situation.
2	Came for a bachelor party.  The room was good but the rest of the casino was pretty 'meh'.  The line to check in was huge, I had to wait about 15 minutes. The elevators and corridors to get to the room are extremely confusing especially after a few drinks. I had to walk about 5 minutes (felt like forever) to get from the elevator to my room ... the whole place is confusingly designed to make it hard to find anything you're looking for. I got the impression that most of the surrounding casinos were much much nicer.
5	Won on craps, had a blast at this casino. Great dealers and it has a Nathans too.
4	Great hotel..great rooms ..good restaurants and a roller coaster..Not much of a gambler but the casino is pretty mid sized and has all the basicsThe restaurants serve some great choices, from Mexican, Italian,Chinese,Pizzas etc.The restaurant staff is very friendly and helpful.Rooms are nice and big.Not very modern I must say.But clean and ample storage for clothes.They have a roller coaster ride for $14 which is one helluva thrill.Have stayed here twice and its always been a great experience.We New Yorkers are biased.You cant really take a new yorker out of new york, can you? This hotel is home away from home..:-)
3	Review is for casino only:It's been awhile since I've been in New York New York.  I went today to pick up a ticket for Zumanity and I was reminded about the convoluted walk from the garage to the theatre.  I wish I had remembered the two short cuts which would have made my trek more pleasant.  Having said that, it was fun to see the tourist in its grazing area.  In fact, some were just standing there acting like they had a laser sight aimed at them and they were frozen in position.  Get out of my way, you dolt!I made it to the theatre without too much difficulty but then I waited.  They were understaffed and they also had a customer who needed to make a phone call to find out about a lost reservation booked through her airline.  That kept that agent from helping others for awhile until the agent handed the phone through the bars and let the woman talk directly to the people with whom she had to get the problem resolved.Ten minutes later, the woman is still on the phone and I make it to the window where she is.  The NY NY rep was a pure delight.  She found the ticket in the system with my confirmation number and she had me on my way in less than two minutes.  And, I took the shortcut back to the garage.As for the casino and the areas in it, I always liked the vibe of this casino.  The New York theme, the restaurants, the food court--it all goes into making this place OK in my book in spite of the tourists (we have to love them--they pay so much in taxes)!I'll be back in August for Zumanity.
4	Loved it! We were looking for a hotel my son would enjoy (he is 12) and that we would also enjoy so we decided on this hotel.The roller coaster was a blastRooms were clean and fine (although they need more outlets for technologyLoved all of the shops downstairs made to look like new york restaurants.  Pool was beautiful and a lot of fun for kids and mom and dad. I would definitely stay here again with out son, you can't beat the deal you receive.
4	I enjoyed my stay at this hotel!  The room was clean and spacious, it is located on the southern end of the strip and there is plenty to do in the hotel.   My one complaint is the resort fee.  They should just hide that fee into your stay....not make is secrete because it really doesn't give you anything.  No discounts. No free ride tickets. Just a $20 per day fee on top of your nightly rate.
2	If NYC was this vacant, it'd be the beginning of a disaster movie. I feel like this is only fun when you've never been to NY and don't get what they're trying to replicate.  Or maybe it's not fun even then, I'm not sure.The restaurants are 'meh' for sure, the service is oddly lacking (hellooooo????) everywhere you go and the whole place seemed to have lost it's appeal a year after opening.Bathrooms were messy, bars close early (wha? in Vegas?) and food is scarce and bad after midnight.I don't think I'd go back in unless dragged.
4	I enjoyed my stay here while I was in town for work. The pricing is what first caught my attention when I was looking for a hotel, plus they have a roller coaster so that was some incentive as well. I was able to get the spa suite with king bed to fit in my budget which was really cool and seemed to be a better offer than some other casinos that I looked at. The room was clean and on the newer side and the jetted hot tub was a nice touch. If I wanted to be picky I would say the bathrooms need some improvement but in reality its not a huge issue. I did notice you can hear the jetted tubs running in other rooms but I don't think there is much you can do about that. Service was good for the most part and they helped me out when I had to extend my stay longer than expected. One gripe is the line at the front desk would pile up and it seemed like they should of opened more counters when it gets backed up like that. Overall this was a really fun hotel and when I didn't feel like walking in the 110+ heat, staying within the casino was still very entertaining. I would stay here again and for the price I feel its worth it to go with the spa suite.
4	This hotel I stayed at a few months ago.  The staff there is great and the trip booked through expedia.  Upon check in there was a line of about 5 or 6 people with the 2 open lanes both customers had problems about the rooms.I just waited got my room.  The room was nice and clean and stayed that way the entire time I was there.  3 nights it was quiet as if no one was next door.  The casino has gaming just like any other.  It's located at the end of the strip but wasn't a problem.  Parking my car in the lot was no problem and no charges for doing that.I ate at the Italian restaurant which wasn't as good as I thought it would be.  But the sports bar in the hotel I have a review for that later.The check out was optional and I just texted message my check out.  No hassles no fuss.  The room also had a small safe which I used and had no problems.
5	Nice Room on the 26th floor. Easy access to the strip.
4	Had a great time here!  Spent a majority of one day gambling at the blackjack tables in NYNY.  I loved the decor of the casino, and all of the authentic New York eateries.  Unfortunately we were still super full from breakfast so we did not partake in the deli, which smelled amazing.The free drinks were nice and strong and I got a pretty good buzz while gambling!  The dealer was funny and witty and it was nice to have her engaging the table rather than just standing there dealing like most of the places.My only gripe is about the roller coaster.  We wanted to go on it, but I had a small cross body purse with me.  I needed to put it in a locker but I had no quarters.  I went into the roller coaster gift shop and they refused to break my $10 - I had to buy something (which I refused to do).  So, if I wanted change, I'd have to cash in my $10 all to quarters, which was out of the question.  I ended up getting annoyed and pulling hubby out of line and we just left rather than dealing with that pain in the ass.  For the money, I can't imagine it's really worth it - we live 2 hours from a real amusement park so I'd rather just go there!
3	Ok so this review maybe half ass but that's all I got in the short time of going through this hotel. The only reason that I entered this place was because I saw the roller coaster on top from the strip and I'm a HUGE roller coaster fan(I mean if there's a coaster I'm gonna ride it, maybe twice in a row). The outside of the hotel kind of resembles the NYC skyline, which is cool to take a pic in front of across the street. Once I entered making my way to the coaster, the place just looked like most of the other budget friend hotels around the strip(slot machines and old retired folks). Finally made our way to the coaster and it was pretty decent, smooth with good amounts of turn and loops but nothing mind blowing. Definitely worth a ride if on the strip. But then again I'm more of a fan of the wooden coasters!
5	We didn't stay here, but went and gambled a few times and had lunch here! We are from the NY- Tristate area and think they NAILED it with decor. They set up NYNY like the suburbs of NY and did a killer job! Coney Island with the coaster and rides, staten island with the killer subs and delis and just everything else was really great. We ate at one of the deli's which was incredible. Hugest portions ever - enough to feed two.The casino was dope. super clean, bright and a large selection of tables and slots! Go check it out, ESP if you've never been to NYC before because you totally feel like you're there !!
1	I did not stay here... but I did go for Zumanity [great show, btw] and to ride the NY Roller coaster. The roller coaster is $12, and the wait was about 30 minutes. not sure why it was taking so long, but that's besides the point. After waiting in line for 30 minutes, I nicely asked one of the employees [the guy taking pictures of the people on the roller coaster] if he can get me some water from the water dispenser they had. Mind you.... I could've easily grabbed some myself, but it had a big note that said EMPLOYEES ONLY! So, out of respect, I asked! He not only said NO! but was flat out rude about it! I had been coughing in line for almost an hour, and needed to drink something. He was a f@#$ing jerk... walked over to the dispenser, and served HIMSELF some water, and drank it in front of me.Funny thing is... this isnt a big deal. but, I am HUGE on Customer Service.... and simply because of this... not only will I not EVER stay in this hotel, I will not even walk in there! If they can't spare on glass of water, then I dont need to give them my business..NY NY, sorry... but, you give my birthplace a bad name. Shame on you & little Asian kid... I hope your water was great! You have a lot of growing up to do, Schmuck!
4	All in all, I can't complain about the place. We upgraded from a Park Hotel room to a Marquis suite and I gotta say, unless you're in need of the mini Jacuzzi that comes with the upgrade, it's not worth the money. We were in a group, and had three rooms at three different levels, and I'd say the Madison Ave. room is all you really need.The hotel is fun. The pool is no frills, it's got some good music, but it's family oriented and not the day club atmosphere. The pizza when you're coming back from a late night hits the spot, and the Greenwich Village Coffee company beat Starbucks hands down in my book for a good pastry and cup of iced coffee. The rooms were clean, the service was good, and so it goes. The one down is a down not just for New York New York but all the M Life hotels- not only is their loyalty product beyond confusing, the customer service for that in particular was incredibly horrendous. I looked into it since you can transfer points between that and Hyatt now, but I must say, it's nothing impressive whatsoever.So stay at New York New York if you are looking for a cool mid range hotel on the strip, with some good eats inside, and some fun just around the corner!
3	"New York New York" isn't quite the class act it was a few years ago, but it's hard to get bored here. The food, the shows, the $10 gambling tables... elbows up, chin out, gut on the floor... more for slobs than Gatsbys. #maturity
4	First time staying here and I liked. The staff is very helpful....room service is great. And house keeping is also very good. It's very nice place to go eat by the where all the restaurants are it very cute and you feel like you're no longer in a hotel.Casino is just like any other not much of a gambler so it all looks the same to me.The beds are comfortable. I didn't really like the bathroom it was a bit small. The room itself was nice though but our view sucked.
1	The fun atmosphere and nice staff, plus a great room with an awesome view, can't make up for food poisoning from the America restaurant.  I didn't want to spend my vacation in the bathroom.  We will try a different hotel next time we go to Las Vegas.
1	I stayed at New York for the first time in mid-July, and I won't stay there again.  For some background, I've been to Las Vegas a half dozen times before, and I am not a demanding person.  I made reservations for a two-bedroom, nonsmoking room a month in advance and called the hotel to confirm, they assured me my reservation said two-bedroom and nonsmoking.  When I arrived, I was upgraded to a one-bedroom room, I tried to decline but then they admitted they didn't have any available two-bedroom rooms that were nonsmoking.  When I got to my room, it reeked of smoke.  They sent up a rollaway bed and offered to send up some air fresheners as well, but didn't do anything else to make up for it, repeatedly reminding me that I had been upgraded, as though I should say thank you.  An apology would have gone a long way, their customer service is the worst I've encountered in Vegas.  The upgraded room had one king bed and a giant tub in the middle of the room, which seemed awkward.  The room and hallway looked a bit old, and the sink and shower in the bathroom had trouble draining.  The standing water covered my feet from a 10 minute shower and I managed to get standing water in the sink from washing my hands.  The bathroom also didn't have a fan.  The casino, like the room, is smokey and disappointing.  I had dinner at an Italian place in the hotel which was very tasty, but I wouldn't stay here again.  For 2/3 of the price, I can stay in slightly-less mediocre hotels elsewhere on the strip.
4	My mother in law works here so I may be biased lol.We usually just come in to see my mother in law but a couple nights ago she got a room. The registration line was amazingly long for a Sunday night but they were quick! The lady who worked there was very friendly and gave us a room with a strip view! So we went up to the room and it was a pretty good size. The room had enough space to run around in and it was just your standard two queen beds size room. As for the bathroom though it was on the smaller side, which surprised me. Other than that everything was great!!
4	What a cool casino, I love the interior looking like the different neighborhoods of NYC.  There were so many places for food and drinks, you definitely have a lot of options.  My two favorite things inside this casino was the Irish Pub and Cirque show "Zumanity".  I think I may have to stay here next time I'm in Vegas, as I really enjoyed wandering around this casino.
5	This was our first time staying at NYNY, and we frequent Vegas.  We had a comped room (Thank you MyVegas), which was the Spa Suite.  It was awesome!  The room was so nice, clean....and oh how my tired achy feet and body loved to sit in the warm Spa after walking the strip!  The Pool was nice, good music, good atmosphere.  I also love to play here, especially since they have the lower limit electronic craps and roulette... not to mention the nice pizza joint on the casino floor when you need a middle of the night bite!
3	The reason I even give this place 3 stars, the service is impeccable. New York New York hires very classy individuals to work for them. The room was nice, but the hallway on the 6th floor smelled like a dead dog, disgusting. It was really a turn off. There isn't any shopping in this hotel either. The food is hit and miss. I like the Italian Bakery downstairs.
1	The check-in was horrible. We waited 45 min only to see that the room was nothing like we booked. We asked for a non-smoking room with a king size bed, got a smoking room with two queen size beds! They said they will change it at 3 pm today which does not help because we are here for two nights only. So thanks for ruining the first one.
3	I like the casino and would go back again.
3	The hotel isn't bed, the rooms are a little boring, but the casino floor and restaurant areas are great.  The person I shared a room with is a MGM properties VIP but for some reason we got stuck at the last room tucked in the corner with no view.  Our walk from the elevator was a longer walk than any of the walks in the casino.  It was kind of a bummer.
4	Absolutely well worth the hype of staying on the strip. The ease of entrance to n going to the strip was very convenient. The luxurious jacuzzi was a plus. The hotel gave complimentary buffet with the reservation. The blankets were not as comfortable as when I stayed at Treasure Island...Zumanity was a fun filled experience compared with what other shows had. Remember to tip the hotel housekeeper for their awesome room service.
4	The coolest part about this hotel (besides the roller coaster) are the old NY places. I loved walking through this hotel and seeing Nathan's Hot Dogs, Coney Island, and NY Pizza. Cool.
5	Nice room, staff is very, very nice, the lobby has over 25 very good places to eat. I had a great time.  The location is great, it is right in the middle of the strip.
2	We've stayed at NYNY before and always had a good time, but this trip has been the exception and so much so that I feel compelled to write this.  Check in took 45 minutes - a huge line of people waiting for just 2 front desk employees working.  Checked in on Thursday - no hot water.  Took 2 days to get it fixed. WiFi was intermittent at best.Room temp could not be regulated.    The icing on the cake was stopping into the 'dueling pianos' bar tonight for a drink and being driven out by the blasting pianos and screeching piano players/singers that apparently thought screaming lyrics was a good way to overcome the fact they were so hopelessly off-key.  I gave NYNY two stars because we've had a good experience in the past, but it's obvious their services have gone down hill.
3	Checked in and was not given the room I reserved. I reserved a queen size non smoking. He said oops, all we have is 2 beds smoking. BUT for $15 a night we can bump you up to what you want. UHM, no thanks. Once we got in the room, we had a view of the corner strip, basically the rollercoaster and Excalibur. The bathroom is teeny tiny, but the bed is the best I have stayed in a long time. I like that there are 2 Starbucks, lots of restaurants and options of games. I would stay again but hope they will have what I "reserve" when I check in.
3	For my first trip back to Sin City in at least a decade, my friend and I decided to stay at NY, NY (even though we're both from NY to start with. It's got a pretty central location on the south portion of the Strip, making it easy to walk around to MGM, Luxor, and Mandalay Bay to the south, while being within very walkable distance of all the new CityCenter stuff (which wasn't around last time I was here), Planet Hollywood, Bellagio, and the likes to the north. Although we arrived quite late (after midnight on Friday night), there was still quite a bit of a line to check in, with only 2 people helping to get people processed. It was late, but this is Vegas - so expected a bit more attention to service to be paid. They also didn't have the room we booked handy, so they gave us a 'Madison'-style room in the smoking section that was clearly for people with accessibility needs. I didn't mind the extra space, and they actually did a decent job of keeping the smell of cigarettes muted (the hallway, not as much). That said, the amenities in the room are of rather poor quality - the TV had really bad reception; the shower set-up (a no-bath setup without a door) had water leak out a bit more without the proper sloping towards the drain; and the weirdest thing of all - our toilet always required 2 flushes to work properly.The room experience was rather poor, but the rest of the hotel is pretty solid. The roller coaster was actually a very fun/solid ride, and there's a good assortment of restaurants inside the hotel to cater to any stereotypical New York-inspired needs you may have (steakhouse, Italian food, Nathan's hot dogs, etc.). The casino itself was okay, although I felt like there weren't enough tables for card games relative to how many slots/video poker terminals there were (I'm sure these are the main moneymakers, but still). Parking is free, which is a nice plus given how hectic driving around the Strip can be. However, just like nearly every other Strip hotel, you get charged a 'resort fee' (in this case, $20/day) that's not really worth the price.Would I stay here again? Possibly, but I don't know if I would pay the price that I did. The weekday prices (which are around $60/night, as far as I can tell) seem fairer than the $130/night that it gets on the weekend, given the absolute quality of the hotel. That said, there's plenty to keep you interested within the hotel itself, and they do a pretty solid job of imitating the look (if not the exact experience) of New York City.
3	My favorite thing about staying at the NYNY hotel is their Chinese restaurant Chin Chin on the casino floor. Nothing says hangover cure like a giant bowl of their yakisoba!  The 2nd thing I love is the roller coaster, formerly known as the Manhattan Express (like Prince, I do not know it current name). I go on it every time I come to Vegas. It's the scariest ride I will go on (I managed to elude the bungee ride at the MGM until they took their amusement park down) and it rises high enough to see a large portion of the Vegas strip - for a quick second. It also cuts through the casino - which I think is very creative.  The 3rd favorite thing is that you can take the sky bridge over to the MGM or cut over to the Excalibur (meh!) then to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. You can also walk north and hit the Monte Carlo next door. I love being in the middle of things and although this isn't exactly in the middle, it's close enough. Besides, from the MGM, you can take the monorail all the way to the north end, stopping at any casino except the Stratosphere. I also love the good deals you can get to stay here.The rooms are nice - for what you pay. They are standard, but then, you won't need to hock the pink slip of your car to afford a few nights here. I was sold on staying here simply because I had never been to NYC, so a hotel in the design of the New York skyline was the next best thing. They house the Cirque du Soleil production of Zumanity - but it is not kid friendly. This is for grown up's who want to go to a strip club but don't want to admit out loud that they want to go to a strip club. On the down side, the pool is small. So small, that we opted to sneak into the Monte Carlo pool and risk getting the boot. We didn't get caught, but it was a close call. If a really great pool is your main criteria, stay at their sister hotel, the MGM Grand.
3	This is a definite bookmark for those that have kids.  The arcade looks small from the outisde but when you enter through the hallway it proves to be formidable gaming facility.  Nathans hot dogs is located right next door to it so after the kids finish with the rollercoaster and games lunch is a few steps away.  The pool is however a little lacking.  I'm sure the rollercoaster makes up for it though.  I have not been to the coyote ugly bar but for a universal good time guys and girls (adults) my choice is the piano bar on the weekends.  Get there a little early and save your seats other wise there is a cover charge.
4	I really enjoy going here and having drinks with friends.. Good times, and good people around in the casino
3	I have stayed at this hotel, Excalibur, Stratosphere, MGM Grand and Mandarin Oriental on my trips to Vegas. This is not a bad hotel but theres nothing that stands out here. Pros: *Location location location. Close to MGM, Excalibur, Ceasars and a lot of other hotels on the strip. *Free parking garage (as most hotels on the strip) *Lots of restaurant choices to choose from. My favorite? Gallaghers for the steak. *Rooms are large and modern. Feels like its been recenty remodeled*Starbucks opened at 05:30 in the morning wich is great for the jetlagged europeans like myself. Cons:*While not an expensive hotel i think its a little to pricey for what you get. *The pool area. Small and with poolbar that fits it and theres not a lot of people there. It also gets shady pretty early in the afternoon. Conclusion? This is an "ok" hotel with fair pricing and lots of restaurants that has a good location on the strip. As the Excalibur is cheaper, has the same quality of rooms and a lot better pool area i would stay there instead. Yes the lobby/casinopart of Excalibur feels really old and dated but as im not a gambler who spends a lot of time there, i dont care. And if moneys not an issue? Mandarin Oriental all the way in Vegas where the service and ambiance is unmatched.
3	This nice place hotel, always come up here for the view of ppl
2	Meh...The wait to check in was long and annoying. The spa was mediocre (facial was really great; massage seemed rushed and routine) The rooms decor was lousy. It was very old fashioned and desperately needed an upgrade.The food.... The MGM has much better offerings. The buffet, The District, etc. Find somewhere else to stay!
3	Not bad. I was there just 1 night and I think is a nice hotel. Of course old fashion but is not so bad and have low price. Inside there several restaurants and the Irish Restaurant Galagher is really special.
2	I love hotel rooms.  Seriously.  I could go on vacation and just hang out In a hotel, and what better place than Las Vegas where your hotel has a casino, several restaurants, bars, shops.. It's like, my ideal vacation spot. I've stayed at NYNY before when I was younger and was drunk over half the time I was here (who isn't?) but now I'm a little older and can't keep up as much and like to chill and relax.  The rooms are a decent size and decor is fine, bed is comfy BUT- the Internet is absolutely terrible.  You can't load ANYTHING.   And my TV kept cutting in and out and was always broken and jumping like a satellite dish with interference.  It's a sunny, hot day right now too, not a drop of rain since we arrived.  I'm giving it 2 stars just because of how ridiculous it is that you have to pay 20 dollars a day for things included like the Internet and TV, which isn't worth 5 dollars a day.  If they want to say it's for all the other shops/restaurants/attractions here then they need to lower the prices of some of their items.   I doubt ill stay here again.  I prefer something like Paris or Planet Hollywood.
4	I've stayed here twice but the last time I stayed was a couple of weeks ago as part of my honeymoon. The check-in line was long and kinda dragged, which is why I gave it 4 stars. Everything else was great. The lady checking us in upgraded our room for free since we mentioned we were on our honeymoon. We got a spa room, which is just a room with a hot tub in it. I LOVED the view from the room! We were on the 33rd floor with a great view of the strip. The bed was comfortable, the hot tub was great and I loved the fact that there weren't a lot of rooms on our floor. We didn't hear much activity up there and felt like we had the whole floor to ourselves. We ate at a few different places while we were there. We knew to stay away from America since a lot of people got sick there, according to a few reviews. I tried the buffalo wings and fries from the Sportsbar restaurant (I can't recall the name). The wings were ok but instead of dipping the wings in the buffalo sauce, they cooked them in it so they came out a bit dry. Still pretty good if you dip them in ranch. The fries were really good! We had one order of the regular fries and one order of the parmesan fries. Get the regular fries. My husband got the sliders. They were ok. We then tried a place that was famous for it's burgers. I can't recall the name of this place either but you can't miss it since it's around the same area as the Sportsbar place and they literally have all kinds of burgers. It's their thing. I really liked that place. The burgers were good!! The service there was awesome. The waiter we got was very attentive and made sure we always had our glasses full. As for the gambling, I don't gamble much but I did play a few of the slots. They were ok. Overall, I would stay here just because the rooms are comfy and I always get a room with a nice view.
3	I love the food court!  Where else can you get a corn beef on rye, slice of pepperoni or hot dog?  NY, NY if course!
4	I stay here everytime I come to Vegas. Why? Well, beacause I like the location of the hotel. It's A bridge that connect you to Mgm and Excalibur and both of those hotels have the tram to take you to other locations on the strip. Also, I like the fact that NyNy is not so huge to were I get lost when trying to get around the hotel. They have plenty of bars that play good music for all ages and they have plenty of restaurants to choose from with America restaurant open 24 hours. Vip check in is always fast & they always remember us everytime we come back to visit. Rooms are always clean and comfy and because of this, I will always be back to NYNY.
4	Affordable fun hotel! Spacious room, comfy bed, awesome shower, great decor, beautiful view of the city, great restaurants, & a roller coaster! I have to be honest I wasn't expecting much from this hotel. I got a great deal through Expedia which included two free buffets so once I actually saw the room, I was pleasantly surprised. I would definitely stay here again. One added bonus for any iPhone users: iPhone charger dock right next to the bed which I LOVED! The only reason I'm not giving this hotel 5 stars is because when you have signs all around the hotel advertising $5 dollar blackjack tables all day and all night but then ONLY have two tables who are running that special then you probably shouldn't advertise that. It was very frustrating to never be able to find a $5 dollar table when it's constantly promoted throughout the casino.
1	Very dirty seriously needs updated. Stains on chairs in room, horrible shower will not stay here again. To top it off a homeless bum urinated in middle of casino and guest services did nothing to remove him or even care. He was allowed to wander around casino. Dont stay there.
5	I stayed at NyNy for my birthday during labor day weekend. This was my first time staying here. The hotel was great and didn't smell like smoke like a lot of hotels in vegas do. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful starting with Miguel,  the guy who helped with my check in. He made my bday great by upgrading my room without me asking and wishing me a happy birthday. Next we had a really nice bellman bring our bags to the room and compliment us on bringing our own beer pong table to vegas. Then the house keeper brought me up a bday card and chocolate bar from the hotel. The room was amazing and the bed was divine. The pool was great especially since it was so hot. And coyote ugly was a great bar to dance the night away in. I will definitely stay at the hotel again. Thanks NYNY.
3	I've never stayed here. I've played here. I've lost here. I've gotten ripped off by Haagen Daaz here. I have gotten stinkin' drunk here. I have seen debauchery here. I will visit again, for a sandwich, gambling and frozen alcoholic drinks.
3	Completely true to its name. The casino decor is reminiscent of time square. The have taxi cab themed games and even a new york style pizzeria. There are a lot of slot and table games here. The minimums aren't too high. The drink service was on the slower side though . Loved the statue of liberty and the brooklyn bridge. I did not get to ride the famous roller coaster but it looked really cool. I got lucky on a Judge Judy machine here. A really fun spot.
4	Had a great time here. All kinds of good places to eat.
3	Have never stayed here yet.  I do like visiting this hotel and casino though.  It looks both cool on the outside and inside as well.  I've been to New York itself several times, and the exterior and interior design of this hotel represents the city quite well.  So if you are craving for a taste of New York city, then head on over to New York-New York.  Besides playing at the casino, I also enjoy playing in their Arcade.  Yeah, I am still a kid at heart.  They have midway carnival style games and coin operated video games similar to Excalibur and Circus Circus.  They also have the roller coaster ride which is expensive, but makes for a fun quick ride.
5	I've been in Las Vegas for 4 months now and have pretty much explored the entire strip and this one is easily in the top 3. They have excellent restaurants, I won gambling in their casino and they even have a roller coaster which provides a fantastic view of the strip at night. My friends and I spent the night here and thoroughly enjoyed everything about it. A must see if you have a few nights to kill in Vegas.
1	I will never stay there again. I went to Vegas for one of my birthdays. It was my first trip to Vegas, I drove from LA and was rather tired. I booked a room beforehand, and wanted a nice one, so I have paid online for the upgrade to a Strip View room. What a disappointment it was for me when I have seen that the "Strip view" was a view of that part of Strip where nothing was built (it was a few years back). The room itself was OK, just a hotel room. When I went down to talk to a receptionist that I really wanted a Strip view (with some view, not empty roads, and not a partial Strip view), and it was my birthday, the receptionist looked at me like I had a disease or something and said nothing. Really, he did not say anything, not I apologize, not an even attempt to make me feel better. So, I was stuck in this room with an ugly view of a desert having paid for it a higher price. Could I talk to a manager? Yes, perhaps, but this is the last thing you wanna do when you are in town for two days and want to have fun celebrating your birthday. It already sucked to be there all by myself. And New York New York did not help. I guess it might be selective treatment: regular mortal people who don't rent penthouses don't count. I was very unhappy about the hotel staff behavior.
4	Ok it's not the Bellagio, Wynn etc. for the price nothing wrong with it. Clean, furnishings ok etc. did not use the pool but seems small. Check-in fast and efficient.  Would actually give it five stars but so sick of resort fees just build them into the price.  Resort fees were originally suppose to be for if you took advantage of amenities the resort has to offer and it was always a choice.
4	Came here for a 3 night and 4 day stay in August. This was a last getaway before summer ended.Room: 3.5/5We had the NYNY tower, and stayed in a double queen room. Room was clean and specious. TV worked well, free wifi is provided, however don't expect to stream anything, though. Checking email and surfing the net was sufficient. The room/non smoking floors didn't have any scent of smoke, which was a big plus. Nothing fancy, but a decent room to stay in for a few days.If you want to pamper yourself, look somewhere else.Service: 4/5Friendly and accommodating. Gave us a free room upgrade. One reason why I took off a star was because it took us 4 calls to get our room cleaned. Friendly Concierge and Bell services. Upon checking out, we stayed a few more hours, and checked our bags in. Check-in and out was no hassle.Hotel: 5/5It's in the middle of the Strip. Great access to all the local resorts...it's literally walking distance from MGM. And since it's part of the M life chain hotels, it was easy to pick up my Ka tickets at the Concierge. Final Verdict:Will probably be my go-to LV hotel from now on. Gotta love NYNY!
4	Get a room with a view on the strip. It's only 15 dollar a night extra but it's totally worth it. The hotel is fine. They have a nice selection of restaurants. I would recommend the italian place and the oriental restaurant. Great Hotel to get into the Vegas Vibe.
4	A very nice hotel but some additions could be added to make it better. For one thing having a microwave and refrigerator in the room would be nice!  Also at the front desk they told us there was a computer we could use to print our boarding passes and when we went to use it the computer stated it was a $5 charge to use it which was fine but then when I checked my bank statement I got charged two $11 charges for it. One of the charges then fell off when the charges went from pending to posted. I didn't make a fuss or anything about these charges but users beware! Also in this hotel the ATM charges were crazy. To use the ATM with your debit card it was like a 6 dollar charge and to run a card as a credit card on the ATM was a 19 dollar charge and if you were running it as a credit you would get a receipt from the ATM machine that stated you had to take it to a cashier to finish the transaction because it was run as a credit and not a debit.Overall though the hotel and casino was very nice and I would stay there again. The bell service was amazing and I called the operator 3 times during my visit over little things such as needing Kleenex or requesting someone to come pick up a bag of garbage in the hall way that some drunk decided to kick over. The hotel acted fast and was extremely friendly with every interaction.
4	This was the first hotel I have ever stayed at while visiting the Las Vegas Strip. I was very impressed by my choice of hotel!! We booked a Madison Ave Deluxe room and it looked big! The view was 'ehh' considering they gave us our room on the 4th floor but hey, its Vegas right?? I came to enjoy the ambience of the Strip, not to stay in a room all cooped up all weekend!! The staff was very friendly here. We ate at their buffet, which was at the Chin Chin restaurant. It was very affordable at only $14 a person! Other buffets were going for above $30. Heck no Im not paying that amount!! Their breakfast at the buffet was very delicious. Its cool that their hash browns are little and triangular in size!! I hadn't seen those since high school!! The casino area was pretty big, which also reeked of cigarettes, which also didn't bother me! We checked out Gonzalez y Gonzalez restaurant and club in the night time. It was a small place but with a good ambience. The music was great-Spanish music, the best kind to dance to!! Especially if you wanna see some ladies shake it!!! Since it was only a one night thing, we didn't get much of a chance to see the rest of the hotel. We did venture around it for a little bit on the day of our departure. Its cool how outside of Coyote Ugly, they have a little machine that lets you take free pix. The significant other fell in love with that and was hooked instantly! Women are such shutterbugs!! Yeah, this hotel isn't one of the new ones like Cosmopolitan, Wynn, or The Bellagio, but this hotel is very cozy and very affordable in price. Oh yeah, Gonzalez Y Gonzalez has no cover charge; just a little donation in the entrance is recommended. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anybody who is looking for a great hotel at a very affordable price. For only $20 extra at the time of booking, you can have your room ready by 10:00am. That's what we did and I must say, it worked out to our advantage! The pool was okay. Honestly, I saw much better looking pools with a greater ambience at other hotels we were checking out. I'd still give this hotel a very high recommendation to anybody. The only reason it gets 4 stars in my book is because I was looking forward to walking across the Brooklyn Bridge they had there, but it was under construction! Boo! Check out this hotel though, people! Take my word for it, it is very nice and one worth staying during your rendezvous in Las Vegas
3	Stayed in the players suite. Amazing views. Jacuzzi in the room! We were only there for one night. Room could have done with an update, decor was tired and it was advertised as having a Bose sound system - you could tell it was old as it was only a CD player, didn't have a function for mp3!!! Staff were friendly.
5	Awesome place and definitely found my number one choice when I decide to come back out to Vegas. My check in was quick and easy and had an awesome sweet with a great view of the Vegas area. I think New York New York separates themselves from the other resorts because of all the things there are to do there. From an entertainment standpoint shows like Zumanity, and all the bars/ restaurants they have make it hard to leave the resort to go somewhere else. I would call New York New York an "all in one" type of place because there is always something new there to do!
3	I like the casino but the past couple times I've been there it's really hard to get a drink from the waitresses. I sat at the same machine for more than an hour and never saw a waitress. If I'm pouring money into slot machines I want drinks poured for me.
4	stayed there this past weekend and glad I did. The location is great, the check-in process was smooth and Monica who helped me was fantastic as she found my friend and I rooms in the same tower, so we were able to use the same bank of elevators.I had a great view of the roller coaster and the noise didn't bother me at all.they had TWO Starbucks! wonderful for me, because I need my coffee. The Chinchin restaurant has a great sushi bar.America coffee shop was a great place to get breakfast, and the even had a food court.The beds were wonderfully comfortable.Room was clean, and houskeeping did a great job.the walls were a little thin. I could hear whole conversations from people in the next room but thankfully it's Vegas so no one stays in their room for long.my only semi-complaint is about the toilet paper....it was cheap and very rough. We even joked about bringing our own rolls next time. LOLOverall, I would recommend.
3	Not a bad place, there is no buffet here and the self parking here is a little weird because you have to stop and roll your window down and some guy waves you through. I stayed in a room near the roller coaster... don't do this. It's highly annoying and runs non-stop and nobody told me this. The staff, as in any MGM property, are always nice. The walls seemed a little thin as I could hear most of the conversation from the guys in the next room. The bathroom seemed tiny and a little grimy if you ask me. Not a bad place, but I stay in Vegas every other week and I could find a nicer room for less money else where on the strip.
4	I am apparently a fan of the cheese factor when it comes to themed hotels/casinos in Vegas. Paris. Venetian. New York-New York. The decor here is just adorable. I've never been to NY, but whatever, I love it. We stayed across the street at the MGM, so we ended up spending quite a bit of time here since it's so close by, and I was having a love affair with the decor. I love all the little streets full of quick service food locations. The casino floor is pretty extensive. They have a Coyote Ugly Bar too, if you're into that sort of thing. They have a bar upstairs near Coyote Ugly though that serves good, strong drinks for a good price too. It's good for people watching. The decor here is awesome though. They definitely put a lot of time and effort into it. It's a fairly family friendly hotel too. Especially with the Roller Coaster. The Cirque du Soleil show here, Zumanity is awesome too. It's adult themed though, it's like a cross between Cirque du Soleil and Burlesque/Cabaret. We loved it!
1	Valet was a prick. Check in was bear. They were smiling as they were being smug and unhelpful. This hotel was big mistake.
3	Good things: Great roller coaster, Above average restaurants (affordable), Nice room, on strip, SMS discounts, GRRRRREEEEAAAAAATTTTTT concierge (curly red head, mid 30's) - talked us into Beatles LOVE!  P.S. GREAT SHOW!Bad Things: Smoke, smoke smoke (bad ventilation), Bad plumbing (SLOW drains), a/c / heat thermostat is from the seventies (difficult to regulate), very small happy hour drink selection, mixed drinks very expensive, oh....smoke!Would do it again though! Overall good times :DOoooohhhh!!!....one more thing, ....PUT A DAMN COFFEE MAKER IN THE ROOM, THANK YOU!
4	hotel room was very clean and worth every every penny. first floor had A LOT of eateries and the casino was fun. second floor had an arcade and a roller coaster. hotel was located right on the strip so shopping was easy. the only downside is there is no exhaust in the bathroom but I would def stay here again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Ok I have to put my hand up for ny nyIf you are traveling to Vegas and are between 18-30 you cannot go wrong I think the ppl rating this so low are just older and bothered by small things... No offense We got a comp upgrade And the room was great. Flat tv big bathroom comfy bed And CLEAN. I saw a basic room and it was still clean and nice just less fancy.The staff is nice the ambiance is great small pubs 24 HR eateries and rok night club.Plus it is central to everything MGM Excalibur Monte Carlo right near a duece bus stopThe only thing I'll say is while i was there the pool was closed so we could go Yo Monte Carlos pool ( right next door) it is a great pool lazy river wave pool jacuzzi bar restaurant. If you can sneak in there just flash yout room key and go on in ( I think they are sister properties)
5	This is the second time I have stayed here at NYNY. The staff was great. We arrived early and were given a room I asked for immediately. This kind of service alone makes me want to come back again and again.After arriving to our room, we noticed it was very clean. My girlfriend ended up having bad allergies after the first night. I also woke up with allergies and I hardly get them. I'm an hvac technician, so my first thought was to check the filter for the a/c and heating system. I looked inside the return grill and noticed the filter was clogged and filthy. That was the culprit of the allergy issues we were having. I called maintenance and the issue was addressed within 5 minutes. This is amazing service. This is the kind of service that all places should have. Overall we had a great time and we will definitely be coming back to NYNY.
4	Stayed here for Halloween weekend. Out of all of the Vegas hotels I have stayed at, this has been the only one that did not let us check in early. We had the option to pay extra, but we didn't wanna do that since we never had to do that at other hotels. We were able to "check in early" meaning we would call this number starting at 1:30 and they'd let us know which room was ready. Hmm okay.. We called at 1:30, room wasn't ready. 2:30, room wasn't ready. 2:59, we got a room! We got a Madison room on the 19th floor with a view of the pool and roller coaster. The room was so much bigger than I thought! It was clean and the bed was super comfy. Also loved that it was pretty central on the strip.Decent food options, esp for late night cravings.Overall, it was great & we would stay here again if the price is as good as what we got for this stay!
4	Rollercoaster = OMFG!During a recent trip to Vegas, I didn't book a room at NYNY because they were more expensive than nearby Luxor and Excalibur.  I did, however, do the iconic Manhattan Express rollercoaster ride here-- which made for one of the most memorable experiences of my visit to Sin City!Admission is $14 a pop (half price for a repeat ride), which is kinda steep for a thrill ride that's over in a couple of minutes.  We figured, 'what the hell, we're in Vegas!' and went ahead with it.  All I can say is WHOA!  This thing loops, twists, and plunges it's way along a skinny metal track high above the Las Vegas Strip and alongside the faux New York skyline.  It was a blast, but I was happy to step out of the roller-taxi alive and without tossing my cookies.  What a rush!No cameras are allowed on the ride or in the loading area, but they'll sell you photos from your ride for $15 each (of course).  There's also a large arcade/midway located just outside of the rollercoaster loading areaAs for the rest of NYNY, it was pretty much the same as all the other mega-casinos on The Strip: lots of overpriced food and drink options, and of course tons of gambling.  As far as I could tell, the rollercoaster is really the only thing that sets this one apart.Oh yeah- we also bought a 32oz daiquiri here for $16.  Not exactly a great value, but pretty damn tasty!
3	Came here to visit on my routine Strip visits since i wanted to stop by the MGM i decided to stop here since i haven't been here since they opened back in 1997. They were doing construction outside where the Brooklyn Bridge is it's all fenced up and looks like they were doing construction also inside by the sport book so when crowded can be a pain to get around.  Probably will comeback here again after the construction is done maybe another 10 plus years lol
3	It was decent.. its on the end so a far walk to get to the center of the strip. There was a TON of construction so basically only 2 entrances and exits for the hotel. The room was clean. The a/c didn't feel like it worked to well... had to turn it all the way down to get the room cooled off but still wasn't "cold". A little crazy they charge extra to check in an hour early... like are you that hard up for $20? Didn't get to ride the rollercoaster because it doesn't open till 11am.
4	Pleasantly surprised and I will be open to coming back "if the price is right".Got a $118/night rate on Priceline for Thur - Sun. My last time through Vegas I stayed at Caesars Palace but needed a place on the south end of the strip for a conference I was attending.Gotta love the digitization of gambling: no "cha ching, cha ching, cha ching" deafeningly pounding into ear drums, no dirty coins to mess with for the gamblers in the crowd and video game looking  machines that almost tempted me into giving them some electronic cash (but not quite, lol).The hotel, casino and shops were all clean (not a given in some of the place on the Strip), the staff were consistently friendly and attentive and the room was great. The wi-fi was free, if not super fast. The pool was well attended, although we didn't have time to do more than walk by the lucky sun worshipers. There we a couple of kids in strollers at New York New York, but no more than anywhere else on the Strip.I wouldn't pay rack rate but if I can get a reasonable nightly rate, preferably $100 or less but up to $130 in a pinch, I will be back.
4	Very cool hotel & casino. Had so many restaurants and a Starbucks (very important) and we got food right there before heading out to the club and strip. Our room was very nice. Only complaints are that their toilet made a lot of noise when not in use - yes, weird- and the "Mexican" restaurant Gonzalez Gonzalez was just not authentic and food was poorly "re-heated" so just skip that. Other restaurants and delis were pretty good. We stayed in the 29th floor and the view of the strip was amazing. I would definitely go back.
5	We stayed at the MGM Signature, but found us spending most of our time at NYNY instead of MGM. I can't speak about the rooms, but we loved their casinos. Our favorite blackjack dealers were here and I had a great streak of luck at the slots here. We will consider staying here for our next trip.
4	I've stayed here a few times because the location and price were right. I go every year because of the Strip at Night half marathon. This past weekend, my husband and I decided to upgrade the room to a players suite for more square footage and just to be comfortable. We enjoyed the two tv's and my girlfriend and I enjoyed foot soaks in the jetted tub that is in the room.I'm inspired to write this review because we mainly stayed here and got to pretend we were living in a New york apartment. Go downstairs for breakfast (grab a cronut at the America place, or breakfast samich at the italian bakery) or heading down to go to a show or grab lunch. I like choices. While there is no buffet (we walked to Cosmo for Wicked Spoon which is amazing!) I did like the diversity of quick eateries that were available.The one thing I would stay away from is the Cell phone accessories place located on the Mezzanine level. That guy is a total con artist. My phone charger broke (it's a cord I bought at the swap meet) and since I was only there for one more night I didn't intend on bothering to charge my phone. I passed by it and specifically asked if the item in my hand was the cheapest iphone 5 charger. He said $24 and then proceeded to try to sell me a phone case that included a charger. I asked if that one was cheaper than $24 and his reply was it's $99. Did you NOT just hear what I was asking you. When I stepped away to leave he tried to pull me back in and say he would sell the first one to me for $20. When I asked what time he would open til (because I still wasn't justified in $20 purchase for just 12 more hours til I got home) he said "I won't be open later for you, after you leave, I'm closed". That was the last straw.Later as i was passing the Essentials shop by the Empire elevators, there was a Best Buy machine! the cord I needed for charging my phone was $15!! PERFECT since it's an actual APPLE product and exactly what I would need to buy once I got home anyway.
5	$285 for 2 nights and 3 days for me and my hubby to stay in a suite.We stayed in the spa suite and loved it so damn  much. I was so sad that we did not stay there for a week. We went during the summer time when it was blazing hot. luckily we had a decent size spa tub that could fit the two of us along with my two year old. Our room was big, over looking the roller coaster & the strip. At night, we'd lounged in the spa tub in warm water (since it was hot) & turn on the bubbles. My daughter loved it so much! Being in vegas does not mean you have to gamble, drink, and party. Heck, i'm 21. It was my first time in Vegas & I truly had a blast. I think it was because being in our suite made things feel so relaxing. Can't wait to go back to the New York New York again!BTW, we also had a special deal with our hotel room purchase. We received a free buffet for the 2 of us at any of the participating hotels :D
4	Great choice for a strip hotel. Coffee maker and mini fridge would be nice ; however, these $ grabbing hotel chains want to try to squeeze every penny out the consumer. To avoid walk across street to McDonald's for your $1 coffee & have breakfast lunch elsewhere i.e Denny's or food court across the street. Friendly staff, great valet parking and nice Casino area. Their restaurants & bars are severely over priced ...maintain your own room bar!If you have a car rental drive farther south on the Blvd. About 10 min. out bargain priced liquor outlets! $1 brand named coolers put a smile on my wife's face. We're on a fixed income & we can't afford to throw $ away if not necessary.
4	My last review was written as a Vegas local, time to update my review.  Since I moved out of town a few years ago, we've stayed here twice.  In addition to the points I made with my last review, which still hold true, I'd want to add that the rooms are a little small  compared to other rooms at the hotels on the Strip.Despite the small rooms, this is still a fun hotel to stay at because of the location.  It's close to the MGM Grand and Hakkasan and not too far from Mandalay Bay and City Center.  I'd stay here again if the room rates are at a good price.Return Factor - 75%
2	Stayed here one night on my last trip as I extended my stay one night and couldn't extend the rate on my other reservation.  My wife and I have debated staying here but never did so it was a good chance for me to evaluate for 1 night to see if it was worth staying at on our next trip.While I do like the high ceilings of the casino I don't like the fact that checkin is basically in the casino and there is not a dedicated lobby like other places.  Other issues are I arrived to checkin at 12:40 and because it wasn't 1pm they charged me an extra $20 for early checkin.  I've stayed at 4 or 5 other properties in Vegas (mostly MGM ones) and always checked in in the morning and have never had to pay this extra fee.  In fact a week earlier I checked in at 9am at the Monte Carlo and it was not a problem.  That in itself will keep me from staying here again but beyond that this is just a very odd building.  My impression is that great strides were taken to focus on the exterior of the building despite what it would do to the interior.  What it resulted in is very long (even by Vegas standards) halways with countless crooks and turns and overall a very disconnected feel to the building when trying to get from point A (your room) to point B (anywhere else).Room was nice but the other things will keep me from staying there again.
4	Great hotel- on the strip, right across from MGM. This was my first trip to Vegas and chose this hotel because it had a good deal on Travelocity and it's on the strip! Isn't far to walk or take a little bus down the strip to visit other places.The casino looks great but we didn't really gamble this trip. The pizza place is good and there is a Coyote Ugly inside the hotel which was pretty fun. All the staff were helpful and overall, we had a great stay!
4	Got a really amazing deal on Expedia to fly and stay at NYNY for 3 people and 3 nights for around $200 a person coming from Denver.  Maybe its the season since it's colder but I will take 45 degrees vs Denver's current less than freezing.  Thought the hotel is gonna be less than desired but the rooms are super clean and beds are comfortable!  I love our location, I can see In-n-Out burger from our room with an amazing mountain view.  It's easy access to all the surrounding Vegas hotels and the interior looks like a mini NY with cute shops.  Who needs room service when the pizza place downstairs is open until 3 a.m.?  Gonna go across street today to check out the M&M store.  I will for sure be back again.  Took away a star because we waited in line for 30 mins before being able to check-in.  Mind you, it's low season December, on a Tuesday night....  but great customer service at the counter once we got there.  :)
4	I've stayed in many of the big themed hotels on the strip over the years, including some of the higher end places, but on our recent trip this was my first time staying in New York New York.  While certainly not high end, it's still a decent 4 star hotel, especially considering the price, you can get some really good deals here.However, with that comes the main downside - while a 400 square foot room is adequate for a short stay, I'd advise anyone to upgrade if they are staying longer or look for a deal elsewhere.  It just feels a tad cramped, and while staying in the room is not anything we really do much of, for me who is used to a lot of space at home it just makes me feel a bit claustrophobic, like they just tried to cram a little too much in there.  One thing they failed to cram in is a fridge - this is not the only hotel on the strip I have this complaint about by any means, but it still bugs me and adds another slight level of inconvenience.  Beyond that though, the room was nice, the king bed was really comfortable and the room was clean.  Can't really complain for the price we paid.The casino here is great, especially the tables - has some of the friendliest dealers I've experienced in Vegas, and also seems to draw really friendly people to play as a result.  It was really fun playing here and while we tend to wander all over on the strip when visiting Vegas, on this last trip this was the only hotel we actually played in.Food options are good here - I highly recommend Nine Fine Englishman for any meal be it breakfast, lunch or dinner.  II Fornaio (Italian) was good for breakfast.  I have separate reviews posted for those.It was a really fun time - I think considering the deals you can get and the great location of this hotel on the strip I'd certainly stay here again, maybe with a room upgrade!
1	Hotel is older and very dirty. Casino is small, cramped and dark. Also we went upstairs to visit the world famous Coyote Ugly bar. This was a terrible experience. While waiting in the line they inspect your purse, this includes opening up your Advil bottle and snooping trough it which is disgusting. If I was going to sneak in pills I would have just put them in my pockets. The bar is small, cramped, only the front bar was open with only two bartenders. The "girls" we're not singing or doing anything other then talking about people into the microphone and they were less then appealing to the eye. The entire place I think may have been a waste of time.
4	We went here for our company party just to ride the roller coaster, I had never been here yet and the casino area was amazing!!! Super clean and pretty.  Though I didn't gamble they seemed to have a lot of different fun and interesting slot machines.The process to get on the roller coaster wasn't to bad, not sure the cost as my bosses paid.  There was not many people in line for the ride yet there wasn't much order.  The ride was fun but scary (still cant believe I did it)I looooove that they take pics of you before and during the ride!!! Thought that was an awesome touch!I cant wait to come back to New York New York to play some games......no more rides though :)
4	I liked New York New York each time I have visited the location. They have a big statue of liberty made out of jelly bellies which is cool. The outside also had a smaller version of a cable bridge you can walk over which is a nice touch. There is a section of restaurant shops on an upper level with the casino and other restaurants down on the lower level. Prices for most of the options here are decent when compared to some of the other hotels. They have a roller coaster which goes through the inside of the casino which is something you do not see everyday. Pretty cool location that you should check out on your visit to Las Vegas.
4	I recently stayed here for five nights with my partner. The check in and check out process was fast and efficient. The cocktail waitresses there are lovely as well. Just wish the slot machines weren't so tight. Generally speaking, it's quite aesthetically pleasing and the faux streets of New York are a great touch. The rooms are spacious and clean. Overall I would stay here again.
5	Great place to stay very pricey but nice rooms great bars and restaurants and the staff was very pilot and helpful. Loved the atmosphere it by far is one of the coolest looking places in Vegas and even if you don't stay there you have to go ride the rollercoaster it is a blast and worth every penny
4	First, got a great price on the room through bookit.com.The room was nice and clean, no issues with the room. Really liked the downtown area that looks like old school New York City. The only issue I really had was the wifi. I couldn't connect because of their slow Internet connection.  So no Internet during my stay.
5	You know, this place turned out to be way more awesome than I thought it would be.  I'm a little OCD when it comes to cleanliness and this place was clean.  I don't think I've felt this comfortable in a hotel room in a long time.  I even felt comfortable running around this hotel room without sandals.  If you know me, this is a big thing because I hate hotel room carpet.  Maybe my room was recently remodeled?  My boyfriend got us the spa suite (room 1815).  He paid $111 a night (not including tax and $22 resort fee (everyday)).  This was on a Friday and Saturday.  It was a deal from SmarterVegas.com.  Wow, I never knew how cool it would be to have a hot tub in a hotel room until we got this room.  While he was playing poker at the MGM (New York New York does not have a poker room), I got to sit in the hot tub and read and watch television.  I loved this so much.  AND, the hot tub was clean.  It looked brand new.  I looked at the yelp pictures and the other spa suites did not look as big as ours.  Our room was huge.  Much bigger than the 500sqft that it was suppose to be.  Our room was probably 600 or 700 sqft.  Check out my pictures.  We had a view of the roller coaster and parking lot.  It was fine.  I could hear people screaming on the roller coaster occasionally, but it was muffled.  I didn't really notice the noise at all unless I was standing at the window watching the roller coaster.The casino didn't smell like smoke.  I really appreciated that.  Plus, I liked how the rooms were close to the parking lot.  In some of the other hotels, you have to walk forever to get to your car.  This place, not so much.  I also like that this place is located on the corner of Tropicana St.  This allows for a quick escape to and from the 15 freeway.  We never had to get on the Vegas strip in our car.What I didn't like - the hot tub created a lot of steam.  I felt like I needed a vent in the room for the steam.  I hated operating the television because they didn't have a tv guide channel.  I like being able to go to one channel and see what's playing on every channel.  It sucked cycling through the channels from the hot tub trying to figure out whats on each channel.  Eh, first world problems.  The wifi is spotty.  Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.  However, wifi was included in the resort fee.Overall, I would stay here again.  I really loved it!
2	ugh. not sure they've updated anything since they opened. compared to many others on the strip, this is tired and below standard. at least its cheap.
4	On the corner of the Strip and Tropicana are four iconic casinos: NY NY, MGM, Excalibur and Tropicana.  You can't miss them.  They all look cool, although Tropicana is out dated in comparison.  I think the coolest looking one is NY NY.  Statue of Liberty, Brooklyn Bridge, NY Skyline and the roller coaster.  Day or night, it's a Kodak moment here.  Then you walk inside and see a nice, not necessarily great, but nice casino.  Plenty of table and slot play here, even it it isn't the largest one.  Room towers are nearby directly connected to the casino, unlike other casinos that make you walk forever to get to the actions.  Rooms are nice and clean, but they are small too.  View outside of the room are pretty good from most angles.  The big negative is that the other casinos are boring surrounding this one so you may need to jump in a car tor more action.
2	Just checked into a 16th floor, upgrade strip view room.... hallway to room is dirty and littered with trash and strip view is less than spectacular.  Not impressed, would go back to MGM
3	One of my favorite places in the whole wide world is New York.  If I ever win the lottery that's where m moving too....  Maybe I should start playing???  I digress.  One of the best parts of Las Vegas (besides the booze) are the themed hotels.  I love the theme hotels, the really goods ones transport you somewhere else.  Yes, the "luxury" hotels are nice, but i much prefer to be in Faux-Paris, Faux-Venice or Faux-New York any day.::::::::::HOSPITALITY::::::::::As is expected in Vegas, service is great.  We had an issue with the TV in our room and they were quick to replace it.  And quick to replace the replacement that died too lol.  The service technician was really funny so it wasn't all bad.::::::::::ROOMS::::::::::We had a basic room and it was decent.  They have upgraded rooms available as well.::::::::::EXTRAS::::::::::The roller coaster and arcade is great if you have family in tow.  Also, strolling along the mock city is pretty cool.  Once, a date and myself came in for a drink.  We had one drink (I think) and we were feeling pretty nice.  We went down to the machines and won a couple hundred dollars....SCORE.  I met a nice man here a few years ago... well I'm not sure if he was nice, but he kept buying drinks... and in my book that makes you nice.This hotel is good for being on the strip on a budget and with family.
1	The one star is generous. This poor poor excuse of a "resort". How dare you charge me a resort fee for wifi and other amenities when the internet NEVER worked, no coffee maker in the room, cable tv would digitize the picture to the point of making it unwatchable, and the rooms don't have a mini fridge. Sat at a slot machine for 40 minutes and never saw a cocktail waitress. I had to get up and pay for a luke warm Corona. Bartenders walked by us 3 times before we got up and left the bar. Wallpaper was peeling off our hotel room wall.In the sports book, the chair I was sitting in looked like it had been chewed on by a dog. The stuffing was coming out of it. The players club perks are a joke. After gambling over 2000.00 we only earned 2.50 in resort credits!!! Man is that a perk or what?? This place stunk!!! Too many other places to stay in vegas that are much nicer and just a bit pricier.
4	Cheap place to gamble. Great Bathrooms. Cheap Drinks. They have a little mini New York with all sorts of restaurants and shops. Indoor Roller Coaster. They got alot of things going on for them.
3	We were in NY NY for dinner, and passed thru the casino.  Guess I am not a fan of the city, and this is modeled after that ... so ... meh.
4	This is my favorite place to stay when in Vegas. You never have to leave the hotel because everything is in this one! Lots to do in this hotel.
3	I've stayed at nearly all of the MGM properties in Las Vegas, and you really can't go wrong with New York-New York.While it lacks the style of Aria or the sophistication of The Bellagio, it's a totally acceptable place to stay. Note, they're undergoing renovation as of January 2014.If you're an M-Life member you automatically get 20% off room rates, so it doesn't hurt to sign up.Tons of free parking in the adjoining garage, and it was good to see bicycled security patrolling the lot.I got a Park Avenue room for cheap. It had a desk with a LAN and wireless connection ("free" with your $20 per day resort fee). Showers are a little narrow and the tubs are quite high so be sure you don't bang your knees. Everything else is clean, comfortable, standard.I had a late check-out (3pm) tacked on for $20 and they were fine accommodating another 30 minutes after.I did note that NY-NY seems less busy that then other South Strip properties. On the flip side, there were more kids here, probably because of the roller coaster and arcade.Didn't eat here but other patrons seemed to enjoy Il Fornaio quite a bit. Always seemed to be a fun packed crowd at the Bar at Times Square.I've stayed at Mandalay and Luxor plenty of times, but sometimes get tired of tramming it. NY-NY offers a central, clean spot on The Strip.
4	We did not stay here, only gambled and hung out. We decided to check it out because we heard they had $5 minimum black jack tables all night. Well they do, but they only have two so good luck trying to actually play at one of them. We ended up at a $10 minimum roulette table and had a great time. My husband played and I watched, we were there for maybe 30 minutes and were offered one drink, the service seemed slow. We then headed to the little pizza place right by Coyote Ugly, I can't remember the name but it was delicious! It was actually better then pizza I had in New York City! We then headed into Coyote Ugly, we got a "special pass" so in before 9 you get free admission all night and 2 for 1 drinks till 9. We then headed back out to the casino for another hour or so, and then got to cut the line to head back into Coyote Ugly. Overall we had a great time here, the casino and bars are a really good time!
5	This is my husband and I favorite casino!!! :) Loved the music, big chills, and slot machines:)
5	Stayed here for my Vegas vacation in January. It's a nice resort, Kid-friendly even though I had no kids. Got a room that faced the roller coaster, which was kinda annoying when you're in your room and you hear people screaming, but I wasn't sleeping in the room when the roller coaster was running so no compliants. Booked through Expedia, got a room up high for about 440 for 4 nights, not bad. I think I paid at least 3 times more the last time I stayed in Vegas.
3	This hotel is blehhh.. It's pretty standard Las Vegas strip action. Minus one star for the AOL circa 1995 speed internet and another for the high price for the weekend. The beds weren't awful though and the customer service was okay. The next time i'm in Las Vegas i'd rather spend a little more money to stay at a far nicer place (:cough: Cosmo).
3	Compared to what is available now (Cosmo, Aria, Palazzo, etc), New York New York is probably two steps behind but it still keeps a bit of old school charm which I enjoyed. A large casino with a nice central bar in the middle, a good selection of food choices that aren't too spread out (I enjoyed the 24 hr diner) and of course the old school roller coaster and Statue of Liberty. The rooms were actually nice, all though a tad on the smaller side. Our strip view didn't look out into much. Overall a good middle tier Vegas hotel.
3	Decent service but they kind suck about timeliness will take About 20-30 minutes to get one drink!!!!! Fun environment with good energy! Good places to grab dinner or a drink... But would prefer all participates to get a few drinks before coming to this casino it's not the best definitely needs some improvement! I dunno who to say other than it's not up to my par there add plenty more things about New York. New York' lol.. I love here I know what's up you shouldn't have to pay to get into any club! Zumanity is the greatest show on the strip and the best cirque!
4	I didn't Stay at New York, New York during my  Vegas Trip but I wished I had.  Looks very nice all around and quite a few attractions in the Hotel itself.  A good variety of restaurants inside, from high priced to some of the dirt cheap awesome deals t hat were the best on the strip.  No lower-priced machines on the premises that we could find, which was kind of odd considering the demographic of their patrons, but what can you do.  I intend to stay here on my next trip to Sin City.
1	Not a bad place but from a hospitality standpoint the customer service is horrible. Of course your in Vegas its fun and there is a lot going on but as far as the actual hotel forget about it. Most employees I came in contact with could not be bothered. The houseman was the star of the team here. I arrived at 5 am, among other things the hotel doesn't even have earplugs for guests. Although i loved the Jacuzzi in the suite. A friend stayed at some motel across the street where the manager greeted us in the parking lot and was so welcoming I almost wanted to stay there.
3	During my recent stay here, I checked in really late (about 3 AM) and got stuck with an accessible room because we wanted a king bed. For those who don't know, accessible rooms are generally for disabled persons. This meant that the bathrooms had railings, there was no bathtub in the restroom -- just a shower, the shower has a foldable seat, and the shower floor is level with the rest of the bathroom floor. This spelled disaster when I tried to shower. First, the shower head was in the middle, so it faced the middle of the bathroom. I think they should have had it on the side, but I understand that most people who would stay in these rooms would just take the shower head off its hook. Second, the bathroom floor flooded because the entire bathroom floor was level. We ended up having to switch out of that room into a regular room.Now, all is fine, right? Well, it would have been if we hadn't been missing a few things in the room. Both the tv remote and do not disturb signs were not there. Minor problems for some, but very important for us since we knew we'd be sleeping late and didn't want housekeeping to disturb us, and the remote is obvious. While we had some problems with our rooms, there are many things about NY NY that are good. We enjoyed the roller coaster (although my husband said it was a little slow). The location is good, and parking was quite easy to find most of the time. Service for the most part was good minus a blip during checkout when the guy told me I had more Freeplay than what the Players Club gave me. And this time, I stayed high enough that I didn't hear the roller coaster from our room. It's not the best hotel on the Strip, but for the price and its amenities, it's not that bad.
4	This was my first time here so there will be more pros than cons: PROS: - outside of the hotel is very appealing to look at- casino floor is a decent size - staff at the counter are really nice and are glad to answer any questions you may have - very clear on how to get to your room (which elevators to take etc) - rooms are a good size (depending on which room you get) - decent views from each room (my view was a view of the airport, MGM grand, roller coaster) - housekeeping is very nice and will clean your room on demand - room on the 25th floor = nice CONS: - casino is a bit on the small side- can get crowded on the weekends - not many selection of game tables (MGM has more) - room was very stuffy when we walked in - dim bathroom lighting Overall a good experience and would stay here again
1	Ok. The cocktail servers will try and get you drunk. Even if you don't order any alcoholic beverages. I was at the blackjack table and I ordered a SOBE Energy drink. The server came back with a SOBE & VODKA. I took a sip and said, "whoa, this has alcohol in it" She said, "No it doesn't. I saw the bartender pour it in the glass from the can." I gave the drink to my friend to try and he definitely agreed there was alcohol in it. I wouldn't make such a big deal out of this but being that I have been sober for over 2 years, it's a big deal to me. The servers should be extra careful who they are serving alcohol to. Nice try Hunty but your little plot of trying to get me to drink didn't work. Good luck next time!
4	This was my second time staying here. Though the main entrance and our rooms smelled like apples and cigarette, something about this place is so cool. The staff is nice. This place is truly good if you are on a budget but don't want to stay in a dump...I.e. Circus circus. I recommend staying here.
4	This was my first time in Vegas, and my boyfriend and I decided to stay at the New York-New York hotel and casino. I had a great experience here. The beds were so comfortable, our room was nice and clean, and most workers there were friendly. We stayed in the park avenue room with a king bed. We ended up getting a room on the 16th floor of the New York tower building and we had a pretty nice view from there, it was awesome. The only thing is that I wish the rooms had a refrigerator. We saved ourselves some money by getting the room with a promotion code from smartervegas.com; it came with two free tickets for the roller coaster ride (which was so much fun) and a $50 worth of drinks at the hotel. We didn't gamble, but we did sit down at the center bar to have our $50 dollar worth of drinks (and more) hehe. Drinks were good and strong too. I would definitely stay here again.
4	I have to say, for $50 a night I am really pleased. It's not super high end like the Bellagio but the price is right and it's a fun place to stay. The location on the Strip is perfect. We had a car but was in a good location for walking all over. I love the goofy fake NYC scenes in the casino. Drinks at the slots were good and generous. Chin Chin and Gonzales y Gonzales are both good dinner bets.My only grumps are:1. The hike to our room from the elevator was ridiculous. I would have love to have gone back and forth to the room more but it was in Timbuktu. 2. There were a lot of dings on the furniture and the rooms just weren't quite to the resort standard of upkeep. With that said they were pretty clean.
4	I really enjoyed my stay here. I checked in at about 3 pm on a Friday. No wait. The staff was really friendly and helpful. My room was very nice. A definite step up from the near by Excalibur and Luxor. Clean, nice view, and very spacious. There was even an old school view finder with film of what the front will look like after the update in the front. Loved the casino, except for the snail pace cocktail service. You really have to look out for the waitress and catch her attention. tl;dr - All in all, I liked what this hotel had to offer. Nice room, nice casino, nice restaurants.
1	Having stayed here previously with great experiences I booked a room for our anniversary. At arrival there was quite the line with only 3 employee's working. I found this strange because it was the first hour of check-in. After finally getting checked in we get to the room and my wife started to take a shower so we could go out for the evening. About 5 minutes into the shower the water stops. I call down to the front desk to find out what was going on since my wife was covered in soap. The front desk person was extremely rude for no reason telling me that it's a big hotel and things go wrong. I explained that I was just trying to get an estimate on time so my wife could finish her shower. The front desk finally agrees to bring a couple bottles of water so she can at least get the soap off. 45 minutes later we finally get a knock on the door and was handed 2 8oz bottles of water. They said that's all they can give and we'd have to make it work.Also hotel is located in the sightseeing helicopter flight path resulting in a flyby every 5 minutes or so and the windows are not very sound proof. I understand that things break down from time to time but the bad customer service is unacceptable. Will not be staying at NYNY again.
5	Looooved getting my booze on here when I was in Vegas last! Really quick and attentive waitresses. Tip them well and they take GREAT care of you!
3	First time staying here and it seems a bit dingy and not well kept here. TV channels were pixelated because of overload in the network. Not the greatest but again I was expecting anything relatively close to a 5 star quality services here.
4	This is a really fun hotel. I've been coming here since they opened over a decade ago. The roller coaster is still a blast to ride and not usually much of a line. You get to it through the arcade which has all the newest and fun arcade games. It's a great place for kids to hang out while adults do casino stuff. Rooms could definitely use some updating. Has a little to much of a motel feel when it comes to bedding, towels, etc... The Piano bar at time Square is always a blast to hang out at. good food court with many options and a tiny sports book for placing bets on the games.
5	On our Vegas stay we decided to change hotels and casinos each of the 5 days here. NY NY is by far the best hotel. We upgraded to a King Spa room with whirlpool tub. Extremely worth every cent. Huge room super clean and quiet.  I think this may turn in to our main stay hotel.
3	This hotel is decent -- no frills, but works for the price you pay (which isn't much through MLife, which is how I booked it).  I didnt care for the room decor very much -- it looked like a generic hotel room and was rather dark and dingy.  It was comfortable though, if not particularly spacious.  What I do like about this hotel is all the food options.  They have almost every type of food imaginable and at all price ranges. You don't have to leave the hotel to find something yummy to eat, and I especially liked the crepes place.  Another restaurant that stood out was Gonzalez y Gonzalez -- they serve huge, delicious flavored margarita's here for a great price and really yummy taquitos. A great value on the strip especially.  I wouldn't mind staying here again, just because it's cheap and I don't have to kill my feet walking out of the hotel to find affordable food options.
2	If the MGM Grand across the street is Manhattan, this place is New Jersey.  The staff all seem to feel that it is a HUGE imposition to wait on customers.  Internet service is included in a $20 day "resort fee" and is every bit as fast as the dial-up service I had 15 years ago.  Television service is iffy, often pixelating or blinking on and off.  The rooms are all rather boring; they don't say "Las Vegas Strip," they say "That Comfort Inn Out By the Interstate."  If you step outside, expect to be accosted by hustlers, time share scammers, homeless people, whores, and more.  T
5	Love Love Love!I was recently here with my family for 4 nights for my daughter's national cheerleading competition at another casino. I am so happy we decided to stay here! We booked a Madison Avenue room with 2 queen beds. About 2 weeks prior to my trip I was offered to upgrade to a "premium view room" for another $8 a night, so I figured what the heck. I am so glad I did. The room was big and spacious seeing how we had a corner room with views on 2 sides. No problems at all checking in, it was fast and easy. The beds were so comfortable my husband and I actually slept all night each night we were there. The room was quiet, I could only hear other showers in the mornings but that wasn't until about 10am or so. The shower/tub combo was great with a deep tub that was great to soak in after those long walks. My only complaint would be the door going in and out of the room. There is a door thingy (yes, the technical term for it :) at the top of the door that slowed the door down so much (so it doesn't slam) that you have to stand there and wait for it or try to pull it closed, but then it doesn't close right as the top of the door hits the frame. So, every time you open the door you have to wait to make sure it closes before you go walking off. But, really....that's such a minor little thing! I really loved staying here and with my family, New York New York made us all feel so comfortable giving we had to bring kids to LV. I will definitely be coming back as we visit LV 3-4 times a year and I would absolutely recommend this hotel/casino to anyone
1	Checked in for my daughter 13th birthday night going to the Miley Cyrus concert. I got the Penthouse Suite. I am a local and stay at hotels on the strip for quick getaways all the time. I worked all day and while my daughter was getting ready I opened the mini bar to have a cold beer. None to be found only soda and water. I called the front desk to have the girl laugh as I let her know my mini bar wasn't stocked. I stay at many MGM properties and have never had anyone check me in with such a slow pace and no service skills. Room service couldn't do a birthday cake because "we don't have a baker on staff for the weekends" Valet shouted at me after I got out of my vehicle and was getting the suitcases out because he was moving the line and wanted me to get back in my car and move it for him. Don't they drive cars for a job? The elevator didn't work with our room key in it. We rode the elevator up and down four times before getting to our floor. I will never step foot into this hotel again and letting my whole network of friends family and clients know not to come here.
4	Stayed there Feb 26-1st. Got there around 4:30pm or so. It was a little confusing getting to the parking garage due to the construction but not a big deal. Unlike a few of the other places I've stayed, it was a pretty quick walk to the check-in counter. No line, so checking in took no more than 10mins. We had a Park Avenue room(2 queen beds) with a view of the roller coaster(would be cooler to see if it was lit up at night too) and partial of the strip. You could hear the people screaming on the roller coaster only really when you're going to bed because it's quiet in the room by then. Beds were really comfortable. Bathroom was a basic bathroom, hair dryer, make-up mirror. Nice to be able to adjust the shower head to aim higher & lower, especially when your friend is shorter than you! :)Lots of food choices. The America restaurant has decent variety and pretty convenient for when you're ready to call it a night and eat after a long night out. Checked out Coyote Ugly on a Thursday night. Got in free so even if it had sucked, couldn't complain. It was kinda small but didn't matter. Had a great time there! Overall I would stay there again, just maybe ask for a room not by the roller coaster.
4	I'm rating off my one experience here, which was only a quick trip to go on the roller coaster. So. Much. Fun. There are signs directing you to the roller coaster, which is helpful. I went with a small group of people pretty late Saturday night- I think it was around 11. There are lockers to store your things (purses, bags, etc.) that cost .50 to use. They have them at the end of the line and there are a few at the platform to use if you've neglected to put your stuff away before getting in line. The roller coaster was quite entertaining. I especially loved that we went at night, so we got to see all the city lights flying by (although I had to take my glasses off, so everything was pretty blurry). I haven't been on a roller coaster in years (2006 was the last time, I believe), so this was a great time. Thrilling enough to keep me entertained but not scary enough to make me swear off roller coasters.
1	Not clean. Where the wifi guys???Happy with location and easy to find but the room need upgrade. Room and resort fee RIP.
4	Check in dragged, but we got there right at three. Staff was pretty friendly.We had a suite room with a hot tub for our week long stay. The hotel could use a face lift, but our room was well updated, clean and large. The bed was incredibly comfy! The casino is the same as most the others on the strip, and it was sadly not lucky for us but we didn't spend a lot of time there. The spa at the hotel is great, and it you wait till the second day of your stay they leave you a voicemail with deals for services (I got 20% off a pedicure- by the way one of the best I've ever had!). The location is great and right in the middle of town. If you're going to be there for a bit, buy a pass for the Monorail. It really pays off.Coyote Ugly was fun for us, but the drinks pretty bad. We went in around 8'before going into Zumanity, and it was dead, but we got our hands stamped for free cover the rest of the night. We came back after the show, and it had livened up a little bit. The drinks were awful and expensive so we got drinks at the bar next door and went back. I wouldn't go back and back for it but it's something to do while being able to stay in the hotel. The pretzel stand outside it pretty amazing, especially after a night of dancing.
5	I love this hotel.  Truly.  From the moment I stepped through the doors, I loved this place.  Front desk was fast, efficient and very nice.  Our room was amazing, beautiful dark wood furniture and a bed so comfortable you sank into it - and almost didn't want to leave your room.  We had WIFI and ample storage space.  I did wish the room had a mini fridge but that's a miniscule detail.  The restaurants and bars inside the hotel were great as well.  It would of been even better if they had an eatery that was open 24 hours inside the hotel.  The gift shop was nice, and they also had a little boutique that had some cute things.  They have a show there called Zumanity, although I never checked it out.  At the very top is an arcade for the kids and they have a roller coaster...not for the faint of heart!  I was always a little too buzzed to try and ride it (hey! Don't judge! The bar on the casino floor makes great hurricanes!) Bottom line: I will definitely be back. I missed Vegas the minute I had to leave.
4	I really enjoyed our stay at New York New York.  I chose this one based on price and amenities and it's proximity to the airport.  There is a lot to offer here in entertainment and a choice in dining for almost any tastebud.  I really like the "sidewalk" seating.  This also seems to be a very kid friendly casino based on the seemingly hundreds of junior soccer players there during our stay
5	Awesome decor!!!! They make it look just like New York....
4	As I'm originally from New York, my husband thought it would be fun to stay at the New York-New York Hotel. Let's me just say that it didn't disappoint! There was even a small city within the hotel that highlighted all of New York's best food and entertainment. From pizza to Italian bakeries and Irish pub music to dueling pianos at the bar, you are in New York.
5	Our number one favorite place for price, location and the best suites,the marquis has a full size 4 seater jacuzzi tub and room to spare. The NY pizza (downstairs) has the best pizza and for a little class you gotta visit the Nine fine Irishmen.
4	I've always wanted to stay at NYNY and I was excited to get a good deal on our room for one night. The room was pretty nice but our view of a roof kind of sucked.Also it was a tiny bit disturbing to have a vent open to the hallway on the opposite side of our bathroom mirror. And I always wonder just how long do hotels let room service dirty dishes sit in the hallway? There was the same tray the whole time we were there.Gross!I was sad to leave after one night though since we were really enjoying ourselves. I'd totally stay again but try to get a room with a better view.
4	2 dollar minimum craps and some strong comp long islands is enough to make the NYNY my favorite stop on the strip for a poor college student budget Vegas weekend. Throw in the dueling piano bar and I'm sold! Seriously though if I were to be asked what my favorite hotel was before I got to Vegas, I don't think I would have answered with NYNY. I really like the Cosmo, and Ceasars, and hotels with better more modern decorum, but NYNY wins out because of their drinks and casino alone in my book.
3	Nice hotel but nothing special. The room was average size & surprisingly no cigarette smell in the room! I don't like their location on the strip so I probably wouldn't stay here again unless I got an amazing deal. I would recommend the hotel with the only drawback being location at the end of the strip.
4	We recently stayed here meeting up with family for a long weekend.  It was a great place to stay because it did have quite a few things for kids to do.  The adults enjoyed gambling and the pool while the kids rode the roller coaster and hit up the arcade.  We also liked having great restaurants right there as well as a Starbucks.  Our only complaint was the bathroom which could be updated and have a fan.  We also had some issues with our TV but they did give us a discount because of that.  Overall, I think we'd stay here again if we brought kids.  Otherwise we may stay somewhere more centrally located.
5	One of the best hotels on the street. Great rooms, great restaurants and great bars. I love to gamble here and when ever I get the chance I try and stay here. 5 stars all the way.
3	Strayed here many times. The cost goes up and the amenities go down. Still a fun place but used to be better. The piano bar sucks now and it used to be a place we would always go. Most dealers are not that friendly but they are the same in every casino now. Our favorite dealers was at NYNY but there was only one friendly one.
4	Rooms are clean and large and very reasonably priced. Good restaurants. Good access to points both North and South and a short ride to the airport. Walk over the bridge and through the MGM to get to the monorail. It is a long walk so don't wear silly shoes. The roller coaster is not loud and they shut it down at 11p and it is a fun ride. Internet access is not very fast or reliable.
4	The hotel staff was very nice and helpful. The casino is a casino there just taking your money.  Plenty of areas to check out within the hotel.....
3	The room was nice and clean and check was a at 11am which was nice. It's located at the end of the strip located right across from the MGM. I have been on the roller coaster awhile ago and remember it being really fun ( they offer pictures). The room seemed pretty plain, nothing really unique about them... Just standard. Everything was pretty cozy, the only thing that was the absolute worst was the television. It kept coming off to a weak signal and the screen would go blank. It was not just once, but we stayed 3 days and it was the whole time. It was really annoying when we would come back to want to relax and watch some television. Every time we gout into a show we would miss parts because it was off... It might had well of been off all together! It would be a 4 if it weren't for the TV.
3	Me and my partner stay'd here for are one year Anniversary the standard Park Ave. Room was clean and very nice looking. Currently a Mlife member we had a little problem when I checked-In the front desk didn't know I had a $50 Food & Beverage credit so it took a while to check in. On the day we checked out my partner mentioned to me that if you don't use the whole $50 food and beverage credit that they will take your $20 resort credit off. So we walked over to the Mlife Player card location the lady there told us that we needed to over to the front-desk to have them remove are $20 resort credit I'm not sure why the Mlife person couldn't just do it for us because I told her that I booked the room with them she wasn't that helpful. The food at the American Restaurant for breakfast  pancakes were tasteless and dry.
3	I love vegas and the strip always has something fun to do. I found New York New York to be exactly what i need on my stay but nothing more. I got a great deal for a four night stay and thought i would book it. The hotel did mess up part of my reservation but they fixed that asap and were very apologetic. We had free beverage credits which i used at one of the bars in the centre of the hotel. The bar tender was extremely rude and the bar wasn't even busy, but he was rude to the ppl next to me as well so maybe he was having a bad night or even year, i could care less. Each hotel in vegas has its unique flair but found myself spending more time in other hotels rather than my own. There was also construction work being done on the hotel facade and restaurants outside which was disappointing. My room was pretty good everything seemed updated and i had a good view of the strip. I like to play poker in vegas and was disappointed when i found out new york new york does nit have a poker room. The roller coaster outside was fun but no discount of tickets even if you are staying at the hotel. I did not eat at any of the restaurants at the hotel so i cant comment on the food. But there was some cool live music over the weekend. Overall the room was cheap and had everything i really wanted. The hotel is located toward the south end of the strip and is a bit of a walk to get to some of the larger hotels but you do get to see a lot of eccentric people on the way!
2	The casino part is super cool, along with the decor and zumanity. Nine fine Irishmen is a super fun pub with love music. The actually hotel part, not so great. The pool has been closed for 3 days, and not 20 minutes ago we went to pick up our bag from the bell desk (leaving today), and after we noticed pool is finally open (either that or they have weird hours)!!! AND, then, they wouldn't let us in with our bag!!!! I told the attendant we've waited 15 min to put our bag up this morning, another to get it so we aren't going to go through it again. So upset after three days we could t relax there for the remaining 30 minuteS we have left in this hotel. After not getting the requested single bed (got a 2 doubles, no availability to switch which I thought was a joke), and the bathroom was totally run down with a shower head that stung like millions of needles, my husband and I will visit the casino but we won't be staying at the hotel ever again.
4	This place is great!!! We came here for Spring Break and really enjoyed our stay, and did not have a problem while we were here.You exit the highway and you make a left to enter the New York New York. If you miss the left, you can go right up to the light at Las Vegas Blvd and make a left, turn left again into the Monte Carlo lot and make another left at the 1st stop sign. It sounds more confusing than it is.Anyways, I wasn't sure how the parking would be since the parking structure wasn't very big in comparison to the hotel and it was spring break. We had no problem finding a spot, and I recommend that you park on the 3rd floor of the garage so that you can go directly into the casino/hotel w/out having to hassle w/ a lot of elevators.Once inside it was very lovely, and had a pleasant odor. It's pretty straightforward to get to the registration desk...my only gripe was that you had to take an escalator to get down to that level, we did not see an elevator nearby. The line was really long since I got there right at check in time, but it moved super quick. The girl at the desk was very sweet and was able to answer any questions that I had. She asked me if I had a players card, I said no and she was very polite about it and did not try to pressure me in to signing up for one. I asked if it would be possible to have 2 beds (I booked on a 3rd party site and bedding was guaranteed above 1 bed) and that's what I got.Our room was in the Century A, up on the 19th floor. The only thing I wish the girl at check-in would have done was explain the elevators better. There are 6 elevators in the Century set, but 2 of them you cant take if you are on floors 19 and under. I realized after that the elevators are marked above, but at the time I did not see that sign.The elevators are SUPER SUPER FAST!!! We were on the 19th floor and I thought it would be a pain waiting for the elevators and then the ride would be slow, but I was wrong. I dont really care to ride in an elevator, and I will always prefer the stairs over one, but these zoom up and down. I used my timer on one ride, and it took less than 27 sec to get from the ground floor up to the 19th w/ a stop at the 18th floor.We got to our room...after walking around corner after corner after corner and ended up almost to the end of the hotel. We arrived in our room and it was one of the cleanest rooms. The beds were made very nice, the bathroom was clean and everything was in working order. My only gripe is that they only provided one tube each of shampoo and conditioner, as well as one tiny bar of soap. And the toilet paper that was on the roll was 3/4 used. I don't mind that so much, but I would like a whole new roll for my stay in addition.Our room had a nice little view of the pool and of the rollercoaster. I wasnt sure about how I would feel about the coaster, since I read in previous reviews that it was a source of noise, but we didnt have any problems. We actually enjoyed looking out the window as the coaster would zoom by. The sucky thing is that the pool closes EARLY, like around 5-6pm. My kids were bummed cause they wanted to go swimming, but we didnt get a chance to try it out cause we didnt want to waste the day exploring Vegas.We really enjoyed our stay here, and would def go back. The facilities and rooms are very clean and the employees we encountered are friendly and helpful.
5	We didn't stay at New York-New York but we came to the dueling piano bar after our late flight into town.  We ended up getting a table and quick service all night which was exactly what we wanted.  The piano guys do a good job of engaging the crowd and we had a blast on our first night in town.  We've come here every trip and I'm sure we'll be there again.  Check it out.
1	I am at this casino right now and my boyfriend just picked up $50 on a blackjack table and the dealer had the nerve to say "thanks for being generous" when he didn't receive a tip. We were at the table for 5 mins TOPS. Such a classless comment. We cashed out immediately and took our money elsewhere!!!
3	Location location location... Other than that they're much better hotels to stay at on the strip for the money.The best thing to do is wait and go during the week... You can get some pretty good rates per night. Less than $100. I would not stand the weekend when you're paying the hundred and 50 to 200 for these rooms
4	After a rocky start this AM when someone came into our room at 6:45 AM the assistant Front Desk manager, Robert S, a customer service superstar upgraded us to a bigger better suite in response and sincerely apologized - we had a stellar day at the pool and then at the Blackjack tables! Starting to love New York New York Las Vegas again.
3	This based solely on the food and attractions here, not on the rooms.So, I've had the NY pizza here and those were pretty good and authentic.  There also was a fish and chips bar there that was also REALLy good and worth every penny.the rollercoaster is def worth it.  While it's pricey, it's a lot of fun and gives you great views of the strip.
5	This was my first holiday to Vegas travelling from the UK. For the price paid the room was large with 2 big comfortable beds and a 40" TV, I thought it was excellent value and it's in a great location.  I had no problems with the hotel WiFi on my iPhone 5, I was required to log in each day though.Plenty to do inside the hotel with the casino, shops, bars, gym, pool, restaurants, food outlets, amusements etc. overall I was very impressed.
5	Such a fan of this hotel. We saw Zumanity during our last stay and loved it - scored tickets at a great price and enjoyed the show immensely. Actually staying there this time was even better. We stayed in the Player's suite, and it was huge. The four of us had plenty of room to get ready to go out, relax, and have a little privacy if work called or we needed a nap. The room was clean, and it's about a 15 minute walk to the Bellagio. We definitely appreciated the location. The pool was also excellent. We weren't looking for a wild party, just a chill place to relax in the sun. The music was a nice variety of classic rock, techno, and pop, so there was a little something for everyone.There was a slight hiccup with processing credit cards, but as soon as we pointed it out, the manager was all over it. Would definitely stay again.
3	As you walk through the different casinos in Vegas you get a "feel." Some are snobby, some are skanky, some are high class.  NYNY definitely has a laid back feel.  There were a mix of folk, from seniors, to 20 somethings partying it up.  The play great music.  Only complaint is the smell.  PU!  It's like a combination of smoke and fabreeze. Not pleasant.  Staff is very polite and eager to help.  Rooms are clean.  Pool was nice, good vibe, not a party pool.  Loud music, lots of folks having fun. Fun casino.  Nice hotel room for the price.
4	I have never had the experience of staying at NYNY yet, but vow to. It's my favorite looking hotel from the outside and in out of all the hotels on the strip. Bar none.On this visit we didn't spend an incredible amount of time in the hotel. I did lose 10 bucks to a Judge Judy machine (a small kick for this fan of her no nonsense TV show).. and I did check out the Coney Island Arcade that was a source of much enjoyment and fun for myself and my cousins years ago when our families stayed at the Monte Carlo. It's a gorgeous and fun themed hotel that is always clean, and tidy with a great feel of class and excitement sprinkled in. Count me as a fan.
4	I came to Las Vegas with my wife and her nephew to celebrate another of her Nephew's birthday.We stayed at New York, New York Hotel and Casino on this Vegas Trip. On the night that we had arrived, the winds were extremely strong.  I took about 5 minutes for someone to come to our Vehicle from bell services while we were standing in what seemed like hurricane strength winds.Arriving inside, we had no trouble with our room, considering it was 15 minutes until Midnight (we were on the verge of loosing our reservation due to heavy traffic on the I-15 from L.A.).  Once in our room, we wanted something cold to drink and we noticed there was no Mini Fridge in the room.  Bell Services arrived about 10 minutes after we were in our room with our bags from the car earlier...service here was faster than what it was at the Valet.  On our 2nd day were were out most of the day with our Vegas out of town Family, so we didn't spend much time at the hotel enough to continue this reviewDay 3, I left to run  a few errands and my wife had decided to order room service, but we had no Menu in our room, so after I had come back a few hours later we decided to go eat at the America restaurant down stairs, instead.Over all, our stay here was great and I would not mind spending another Vegas trip here...considering I never got to ride the Roller Coaster.
3	Stay here with my wife for 2 nights over a birthday weekend.  The views were great but the room was so hot even after calling for maintenance.  Not sure for the price I would recommend it to anyone.  Casino is small but nice.  Location on strip is good.
3	Love the Roller Coaster. One of the big reasons to visit New York New York is that awesome coaster. I have not played on the tables, so my rating excludes the casino floor for the most part. It was a bit dark, as the lighting remind me more of what I may come to expect walking down the streets of new York at night. Its a neat touch, but may annoy me if I were trying to roll the dice. Definitely worth a visit if you happen to be in vegas, and don't forget the awesome rollercoaster.
4	This hotel has always been a great experience.  Ive stayed here many times. The rooms are nice, everything is clean and the pool is at the perfect temperature.  Its a keeper! There was a night front desk agent named Jennifer that was really rude though.
2	They charged a $20 convenience fee per day and provided mascara stained sheets, no in room coffee maker, an undersized pool (not enough seats for everyone), and weak restaurant options.  I'd recommend staying elsewhere on the strip for the price.
4	I thought the hotel was quite charming, aside from a few flaws.  Wifi is decent, with capable speeds able to play video.The gym (in a separate part of the complex in another TOWER) should have been placed a tad closer to the other rooms.  The gym itself is quite small at any rate; though, there weren't a lot of people using it (probably for fear of people having to sweat profusely and then take the long and embarrassing trek back to the room).  The atmosphere and the amenities in the main floor are pretty fun.  Huge selection of a variety of restaurants to spend boatloads of cash on.The roller coaster is decidedly awful.  I must have banged my head five times on that hard seat--they should really consider remodeling that thing for a smoother experience.  They certainly make enough cash from it.
4	This casino is fun to wander around it. It isn't the nicest place in Vegas, but it isn't the worst either. Anyone who is a fan of the real New York will get a kick out of the details that are truly reminiscent of the Big Apple. I liked watching the rooftop roller coaster. This is also the spot to see "Zumanity" which is really fun (for adults). I won't likely stay here, but I will likely stop into the casino or go on the roller coaster again.
4	New York New York is a fun casino. As far as variety goes, it offers a lot of things besides the usual drinking and gambling. You've probably noticed the roller coaster, which is pretty good for what it is. The ride is slightly rickety, but it's an option, so why the hell not? There's even an arcade if you brought the children along to party. The restaurant/bar area is unique, decorated to resemble no other than the streets of New York City! Okay, maybe the city in its infancy (because I certainly never saw it look that way in my lifetime), but you didn't really come here to see the Statue of Liberty, did you? New York New York is also the home of Zumanity, absolutely the best Cirque Du Soleil show in town. Not for the timid and uptight. I've only stayed in the suites here, kind of an odd setup with the jacuzzi at the side of the bed, but I suppose if you are going for romantic that might be ideal. I don't know, I don't find there to anything romantic about drunkenly stumbling out of the bathtub and passing out in my bed wet and naked after a long night in Vegas. Some of the rooms received a face lift during the last couple years, but others may still be aged like the casino itself. Overall, a fun experience.
4	Just stayed in a spa room at New York New York for 3 days. The giant jacuzzi tub in the room was awesome. The price of the room was incredible as well. The only downside? The wifi was terrible. TERRIBLE. To have it included in the daily "resort fee" was just insulting.
4	Stayed here for 5 nights with a group of friends. They were able to put our rooms close together so it was very convenient. This is a great middle of the road priced hotel. The rooms are very nice and the beds are comfy. There is a wide variety of stuff to do in the hotel and it is a great location if you want to do stuff at that end of the strip. I didn't use the gym but my friends did and it wasn't anything special but met their needs.My girlfriend also recently stayed here and used the spa. She says it is overpriced for what you get. The spa at the venetian was a similar or cheaper price and had many more amenities.It is also convenient in that it is close to the airport and the parking is also easy to access.The wi-fi is also included which is a plus.
2	I hate to admit it, but  I've lived in (the real) NY for over half a century.  I even had 2 children in Manhattan.  I have been uptown, midtown and downtown and have a real sense of NYCThe indoor mall in Vegas, gives you a sense of the downtown area of Manhattan and it was nice.  Upstairs was a roller coaster,  which we did not go on.  The Brooklyn Bridge was built, but taped off. There was a Pizza Restaurant there, I cannot recall the name, but their pizza was clearly forgettable, don't order it.  We bought a hat at one of the street vendors, but after being in Paris, this was truly a disappointment.  I would not recommend this as a site seeing destination.
4	Good visit - good staff.Fluid flow of arrival to room to casino & eateries.I enjoy a good craps game . . . Perhaps not highly recommended here just do to the lack of reminders to new players of table etiquette ( seems more like they need players over experienced players )Poker room - again go elsewhere . . . Just no to little game hereBlackjack - play here ( roulette was also good ) . . . $ 5 blackjack & clean tables . . . PlusesRooms are comfy - staff accommodating - good locationWould return - given the competitive nature of the casino's needing customers it does reflect the stay was better than expected
2	I was there for a convention and had a very bad experience.The room was so dirty I couldnt believe it, there were hair all over the bed spread and dust all over the room.The bathroom had no ventilation and the room had the smell of sewer at all times.I dont get it the hotel was built only eigtheen years ago not fifty years ago how can there be no ventilation in the bathroom.There a few good things there the black gentelman who is called the Sax man was great,the hotdog place and the shower head.I will never go there to this motel like place again.
5	We really enjoyed our stay here.  We had the basic room.  It was comfortable, attractive and well laid out.  The shower was powerful.  Bathroom make up mirror with lights was a plus.   Everything was clean and well taken care of.  We will be back.
4	Checked in on a Friday afternoon for a one night visit. Pros: early checkin was FREE before 1Comfy clean beds. Not too fluffy pillows. Good locationLots of dining choicesSO many places to drink beerNice view from strip view roomPool was funGood ACRoller coaster $50 beverage credit! How did I get that??Cons:Shade at the pool comes w/ a cost. Longest hallways ever. Good luck finding your room if you're drunk. The non-stop flushing of our toilet. Had to jiggle the little ballcock (hehe) thing every flush so basin would fill. Eww. No mall type place like Caesars or PH
2	Hotel room was nice and clean. Staff was friendly. Check-in was fairly simple. Used MyVegas Rewards so our cost was low. Housekeeping was respectful of our do not disturb sign. Paid a fee for amenities which included wi-fi. It was slow and often did not work so the fee went to nothing we used basically.
1	In a word? Disgusting.They allow prostitution and move you when the "activity" in the room next to you becomes "excessive."  Long story short: I was in Vegas for 737 training and had to be in the simulator at 0630.  The "activity" in the room next door was obvious and at decibels.  Phoned security twice and they told me to my face that "there is nothing about the behavior in the room that should concern you, however we're going to move you."At 2:30 AM the valet arrived and I was moved. Done. Never again.
1	No. Just... No. Yes, the free wifi rules (with a $20 resort fee per night) and yes the dueling pianos are awesome ($5 cover just to stand inside, $15 if you want to sit...) but the pool is minuscule & has NO SUN (!!) until noon, there's very little people cruising the strip on this side, the food is mediocre and their customer service sucks. Hard.At 6:45am the morning after we checked in a strange man walked into our room, using a key & turned on the lights. We are two ladies passed out after a long day of getting to Vegas & had the hell scared out of us. Probably scared him, too. I call to front desk, obviously very upset & confused and she tries blaming it on me saying it either didn't happen or we must have left our door open & he randomly walked in!!! She checks the computer saying no other keys have been made for our room & insists it was our fault. Then she suddenly puts me on hold for 5 minutes because he came back down to the front desk saying exactly what I said. She offers no apologies, no making it up to us, just says it rarely happens & we can get a new key programmed. Like that makes a difference. Wow. When I ask to speak to a manager, she says she is one. When we ask for a room she says we have to wait until 9am to see if there is anything available. I ask if she'll be on at that time and no... I get to explain this all to a new manager. Very very very unhappy with New York New York.
2	Me and NY-NY, I don't know.  It just wasn't as smooth as it should have been or as smooth as pretty much anyplace else I've stayed in Vegas.  The keys stopped working because they didn't program them correctly.  The wifi's download speed ranged from 0.14 to 0.36 mbps, which is sort of useless.  The cable TV went out one night and they blamed the cable company for that.  The alarm clock was so weird that I had to download the manual to learn how to set the alarm.  After 3PM no one works in the business center but when you call, a message says someone will call you back even though no one is there.  And the room could have been cleaner.  There were empty shampoo bottles in the bathroom and garbage behind the nightstand.  The good news is that there were no bedbugs.I'll stay somewhere else next time.
4	Clean rooms. Good selection of food & stores. Convenient location. Nice amenities. Quick elevators. Loved the Zumanity show. No complaints other than the smell of smoke (which is in all Vegas casinos) & lack of drink servers on the casino floor. Would stay again.
4	Excellent place to stay, especially for the money. Booked on Priceline for about $60 a night. We were very pleased with our spacious and comfortable room. We had a great view looking toward the western mountains. Our room was clean and well appointed. I would have liked to see a microwave in the room or at least a refrigerator but there was an ice machine. The beds were super comfy.
3	For all it could be, I feel the New York - New York is completely hit and miss.  As for entertainment, food, and hotel, it's pretty good compared to other casinos on the strip.  As for casino play, I feel it just falls flat compared to others.  I've stayed here before and was impressed with the hotel features.  I've seen Zumanity and have eaten at a couple of their restaurants and liked those as well.  But in the end, it didn't seem as alive as other casinos and for that, I'd say it's A-OK!  Not a place I need to go to each time I'm in town, but worth going to if you're in a casino hoping mood.
4	Good place to stay if one has m life account. Pool is whatever however awesome pizza and now hershey candy store in premises!
3	I stayed here overnight as a flight home wasn't available until the next morning.With that, this review is specifically about the front desk person and my room.  I didn't utilize any of the many restaurants, food areas, games, etc....The front desk person was incredibly nice and super understanding when I explained I wasn't there for the "Vegas" experience.  I just wanted a quiet (quiet enough) room.  The room I was in overlooked the roller coaster which was fine.  I heard it and the screams of people for a while.  The alarm clock has a nice sound effect feature.  I turned up the ocean waves to block out the outside noise and all was well.  Otherwise it was a standard room.  It was clean, the bed was comfy and the shower was fine.  Overall, I had an "a-ok" stop over on my way home.
1	This hotel charges $22.50 each day for a resort fee even though you don't use the gym or the pool. Their player, comp benefits are terrible. I played for approximately 4 to 5 hours and most of the time it was at the maximum coin-in level. When I went to the booth to try to get a comp slip for a meal they said I only accumulated $10.59.
5	Now this is probably my favorite Las Vegas hotel. I know I'm going to get lots of hate from "true New Yorkers," but NYNY Is the hippest hotel on the Strip!!!Pros:-Home to Zumanity, the "Erotic Side of Cirque du Soleil": go as a couple, go with a group of girlfriends, hell, even go with your bros. This is the young, sexy show you can't miss. Yes, some call it a little "risque," but in my opinion, it's a tasteful topless show paired with stunning acrobatics. Hello, girls dancing in a large bowl, anyone? Or the sexy Antonio the Gigolo? Or what about the lovely drag queen host. College kids, please please please see this show so those awkward families finally GET A CLUE.-Home to the NYNY Rollercoaster: I've never been on because I'm a wimp, but it's definitely something that's attracted all my friends. And if you're not a coaster daredevil, go play in the upstairs arcade while your friends scream their heads off.-Home to America: Such a lovely restaurant to get brunch or lunch. Locals: 10% OFF!!!! Not that's a steal for locals on the Strip. I love their poached salmon and eggs, and their cocktails are pretty "inexpensive" for the Strip ($12). Also, grab a cronut or choose from their wide selection of donuts for an afternoon delight.-Home to Coyote Ugly: Opens after 6 pm...did I TELL YOU NYNY was the youngest, hippest feeling hotel? -Or if Irish is more your speed, head on over to Nine Fine IrishmenThere's plenty of other restaurants and bars. My friend and I were catching Zumanity and we saw all these dancers giving a performance on top of Poker tables...wild.There's a few specialty shops, including Stupidiotic, I LOVE NEW YORK, Swatch, Starbucks, etc.It's unique because it's one of the hotels that feels light "night" even during the day. There's also a Banksy-esque mural by the quick eats places and plenty of other things reminiscent of New York.Finally, I know that many college age or 20 somethings will complain that NYNY doesn't have a major nightclub, or any nightclub for that matter, but with this amount of energy, would you even need one? Save the clubbing for amateurs, and just enjoy a slice of the 2nd best city in the best city.
2	The parking structure is filthy, dirty gross. Don't wear your nice shoes. Wear rubber boots over them cause you're walking thru shit.That's why I like Bellagio and Wynn the best. He cleans the parking structure.The beds are great. Room is small. Wifi is a little slow. I had to call the tech to log me on.
2	Perhaps I stayed too long...Was recently at NYNY for 9 nights for work reasons and figured any of the big name hotels on the Strip would be just fine.  Sadly, by the end of my stay I had a little collection of less than favorable remarks for my Yelp entry, not the least of which was the fact that they didn't change the sheets on the bed until I left a note with an arrow pointing at what looked like some previous guest's dried nosebleed stain that the maid was I guess trying to ignore - Ewww.  On to better topics.. their premiere steakhouse.  On my first night, I sat at the bar and ordered a wedge salad, glass of Cabernet, and a filet. The wine and salad were fine, but the steak was so overdone that when the bartender came to ask how it was, she answered her own question by saying "oh that's embarrassing."  She had the host come and take the hockey puck away.  When the host brought a new one he said it was the least they could do because after all, they ARE a steak house and should be able to cook a steak. Yep.  Okay, so everyone has an off night, and I figured maybe since I was sitting at the bar, they didn't make their best presentation... several nights later, I thought I'd give it another try.  Came back to hotel from work, stopped at hostess stand and made a reservation for a couple hrs later and requested to dine this time at a small table - went and worked-out, showered, got dressed for the evening and came back to start it off with a lovely dinner.  They put me all the way back in the furthest room in the darkest corner.  Not exactly the right way to make a single diner feel comfortable or ever want to come back!      No problem, because there are a few other restaurants in NYNY.. none that are spectacular, but lots of street vendor hot pretzels and pizza slices, so you at least won't starve.  My fave dining experience was the night I went to the upstairs bar at "9 Fine Irishmen".  The bartender Dave made me feel welcome, suggested a great salmon, poured a good glass of wine and made conversation - I even enjoyed the Irish band that started playing at 9pm - a really fun evening! As far as the staff at NYNY goes, there were some interesting inconsistencies. The front desk folks, players club folks and concierge were all fantastic - accommodating, happy to assist, and competent.  The duds were at the pool and Starbucks.  The boy at the towel stand wielded his "one-towel-per-customer" policy like nobody's business.. which would've been fine if it hadn't been perfectly alright to have two towels the day before and the day after, so I don't know what his story was.. But the Starbucks ladies are not to be missed!  They are the rudest, slowest, most unenthusiastic bunch of Starbucks employees I have ever had the pleasure of dealing with!  Each morning, I left my room a good 15 mins early to get down there and stand in line to watch the slow progression of guests get manhandled by these women.  Monique or Monica even told me one morning (after the players club employees had trained me to use my players club card with every purchase in the hotel to get points or comps) that she had already entered the number.. she hadn't even looked at the card, so just to entertain myself I walked over to the players club desk and inquired about whether my Starbucks purchase had registered on my card... nope.  They of course made up for her laziness (and untruthfulness) and gave me credit for the purchase.  So if you want to feel like Piper Chapman in an episode of "Orange is the New Black" standing in the food line in prison, make sure to stop by the Starbucks each morning during your stay at New York New York!
3	Maybe I'm being a little too harsh because the first time I stayed in Venetian, and that was a godly awesome hotel. This one isn't bad, but...I definitely enjoyed Venetian more (and I believe this place was only $50 less or so).I liked this hotel in terms of accessibility. Compared to Venetian, this is the heart of The Strip. Since we depended on public transit, we wanted a hotel close to the express stops, and this was one of them. This hotel is also close to the airport express route, so I didn't need to transfer at South Strip (or take one of those unreliable hotel shuttles). I also liked the whole "New York" feel, but I only really felt it in the main floor, with the whole Little Italy/Greenwich Village feel.The rooms, for the price we paid, were decent at best. I can't complain much considering the beds were very comfy and everything went relatively smoothly in terms of checking in and out, and they even offer complimentary computer access for boarding pass printings! However the rooms were only about 40% the size of the Venetian rooms, and for $50 less I somewhat rather pay a bit more for a larger hotel.The wifi was also quite weak sometimes. Without the ethernet plug, the speed felt like dialup at most times.hotels.com is your friend when searching for Vegas hotels. Honestly most are the same, but this hotel is good for what its worth.
4	When I stayed here my room was much cleaner and much less inexpensive than Mandalay Bay.  I would definitely recommend staying here.  My room at Mandalay Bay was dirty and the elevator doesn't work probably and the escalator was broken.    Did not have any problems at New York New York.  I watched the Zumanity Show here.  Nice theater, wasn't too crowded.
2	This is based on our one night of fun here at the NYNY. Service was polite but a bit slow at the front desk when checking in, but whatever, we were in Vegas!Instructions to the 'correct' elevator were incorrect, leading us on a wild goose chase to find the right one. The entire time, there was no one working there who was roaming the corridors for us to ask. When we finally found it and got up to the 7th floor (2nd and 3rd night of EDC), the ENTIRE path from elevator to our room (deep on the right side because the rest of the floor was booked with EDC goers) REEKED of vomit, weed, and alcohol. On top of that, the smell was strongest at 3 locations throughout the hall, one of which was near our doors. When we tried to enter the room with our keycards, our rooms could not/would not open, and we were forced to wait outside in the putrid smelling air for service to get to us. We requested to switch floors or rooms in the hopes there would be one without the smell, but were informed we would be charged to upgrade - where's the customer love?! The rooms themselves were alright - just enough to get by.All in all, it might've just been because of EDC that these events unfolded but when I come back to Vegas in the future, I'll be avoiding NYNY - maybe the Aria or somewhere more baller/customer friendly?
4	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #135 - #365Start spreading the news!I remember the old New York New York commercial playing back in the 90's when themed hotels were in. NY NY was one of my favorite hotels in Vegas back than because of the various sky scrapers, Yellow Cab Rollercoaster, fake streetscape, and the water shooting from the boats. Sadly that was removed because of the water shortage. Even the Bellagio fountains had to cut back on their shows. Rating this hotel resort would be some where between Monte Carlo and the Mirage. Above average is what I'd describe NY NY hotel. The casino is full of action and the drink waitresses are plentiful, if you tip them more, they'll make your drink stronger. I remember the Coney Island Arcade and now the rid half of it to make way for some convention space. The pool is meh, about as average as the Paris and Luxor pool. Rooms here are average and clean. I loved looking out to the strip from the Broadway Tower and looking towards MGM, Tropicana, Luxor, and Excalibur. Beds and furniture were clean, bathroom could use an update. Location wise, it's in the center of the south strip next to the MGM, Monte Carlo, and Excalibur. Just recently they opened Hershey World but didn't have time to try it out. Themed hotels are what gave Vegas it's tacky image and made it a sight to see. Now corporations are removing the facade because they think it doesn't generate enough revenue. NY NY will always be on my list of hotels to stay in Vegas and the price won't hurt your wallet, except for the ridiculous 'Resort Fee'.
3	First the bad aspects.Choppy and sporadic internet connection. Not bad if you surf, but terrible for streaming live radio and slow for all other uses. Internet is charged in the Resort Fee. RF is about $21. per night so this is not free or comped, though many guests never use it. I record radio shows and had problems with this connection. The connection was strong, so that was not the problem. Bathtub was slow to drain. My wife had to wait more than five minutes for the water to drain after my shower.Long walk to our room, on the floor. Because of the building layout, there is a long walk to some rooms from the elevators. Every day, the drapes were opened by the cleaning staff. The first day. it was 106 degrees outside and pretty hot in the room because of all the heat conduction that came through the exposed (closed) window. After that, I made a point of closing the curtains and the room stayed cool. Now the good points.Great elevator service. Six elevators that moved rapidly. Short waits and rarely crowded. Great hotel location. Especially for RTC local bus service, many routes on the cross street (Tropicana) and no transfer to the airport (Route WAX without a transfer). Also WAX going west on Tropicana was a quick ride to downtown Fremont Street along I-15.Runs about every twenty minutes, with times posted and kept to its schedule, while I was using the route.   Fabulous Times Square Bar with two piano players. Great party every night. Be sure to request Piano Man, it fits this bar perfectly. Also, across Tropicana Ave. is a free monorail that stops at the three casinos south of Tropicana. Mandalay Bay has one of my favorite buffets. (Careful it is not cheap).
5	Me and a group of friends just recently had the BEST experience here last week (EDC weekend). Saturday morning in particular at the pool, the staff was the absolute best....Eddie I believe? Great guy, he defenetly made our weekend after dealing with a small problem we had.  They defenetly know how to treat their guest with the best service!
1	The rooms are nice enough, but were very warm, and no lock on the bathroom door. It beats me why anyone would want to stay here or anywhere near this part of The Strip. Congested and the prices suck for everything! The internet stinks here too. Then these greedy jerks charge you 20 dollars a night plus tax for it. The casino itself stinks too! Terrible paying machines, and not a good variety. Do yourself a favor and stay downtown or a casino a little ways away from The Strip.
1	This review is solely for the casino, not the hotel (have never stayed there), the restaurants (Sporting House is good, haven't been to anything else), or anything else on the property.I have what can only be considered a horror story from today. I was playing $5 blackjack, and a girl who hadn't played before asked what she should do in a hand. The dealer (who I will not name out of respect for his/her job) was no help, so I gave her advice. Suddenly, said dealer accuses me of "telling my players what to do."There are a plethora of issues with that statement. For one, I did NOT tell my fellow player what to do. She asked for advice, the dealer refused to give her any, and I helped her by explaining a particular aspect of basic blackjack strategy, as thousands of low-limit blackjack players do every single day across the country in casinos like this one. Secondly, since when do blackjack players belong to a dealer? I object heavily to the insinuation that I, or anyone else at the table, belonged to the dealer in any capacity. Thirdly, it's a $5 table, and a friendly one, not some high-roller table in the back. Relax, for crying out loud. Dealers are supposed to promote a good gambling atmosphere where guests have fun, and this one went out of his/her way to destroy said atmosphere.I left New York New York today for the last time and will not wager any of my money there again. There are other places in town that actually put a priority on their guests having good experiences. I'll be spending my money at THOSE places from this point forward.
5	We really loved this hotel. Everyone was extremely friendly, our room was very clean with nice decor and furniture, and the casino was practically smoke-free with reasonably priced table games. Even the cocktail waitresses are fast. Overall, this is a five star property that we'll be sure to rebook.
2	We stayed here 3 weeks ago and had a great time. My husband had a quick business trip so we went back here. Completely different experience. It started off bad in Valet. We were in line for the valet. We had already gotten out of our car and was getting our stuff out. (We were next in line) The next thing we know is one of the valet guys moved the cone for the other lane to open it. He told us to move our car over there. There was no way this was going to happen because we were already blocked in with other cars behind us and now people were pulling over to that lane also. We told him it was obvious we couldnt move and could he please take our car from where it was because we were next in line. He said no and if we didnt move to that lane then we could just wait until he had time to come back to that lane. He had all of the attitude to go along with that statement. My husband and I just looked at each other because we could not believe he spoke to people like that. We waited, but just to get out of line and find the parking garage. We usually self park any way, but my husband had hurt his back so valet would have been convenient. We went in to check in. After the check in process was completed, we asked to speak with management about the valet incident. She called for management and said they would be there soon. We waited for over a half an hour and no one ever came. We finally left to go to our room. When we got off the elevator and started to our room, we noticed it looked like the halls had not been vacuumed in a week. Once we got to our room, it was clean. This tower of the hotel needs a serious remodel and update. We value customer service and when we have a bad customer service experience we chose never to go back. There are too many choices in Vegas to ever be treated like we were.
3	Price were decent especially on a busy weekend when I went. The room were nice and clean. The only problem I had was room service. It took them over two hours to get to get clean towels.. Imagine if I had a hot rendezvous in another hotel and I couldn't dry myself..
4	Very nice. Went on the roller coaster - it was awesome. You were able to get a nice view of the strip. It was $14 - worth it.Loved the casino - I won some money there, also lost some. Food is good - lots of options.
3	Rooms are so so and bathrooms are a little run down and dated and small. The pool is fantastic for little kids over 3.5 ft as it doesn't get deeper than that. Casino and mini New York are cool as is the Hersey and Jelly bean Statue of Liberty. Not the quality of top service you expect in Vegas but we did go during summer month so quiet time and pool closed at 6pm.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed 2 nights (not in a row) in this hotel. The rooms we had was clean and cozy. The first one had a great view (room 1065) but the second view was a brick wall (room 777). Check in was not very quick but the service was perfect. This hotel is perfect for a short stay and it's very cheaper than other hotel in the strip.
4	This place is visually entertaining, lots to see and do. The rooms were very comfortable and clean. The pool is just "ok" nothing special but I've seen worse.The worst part about this casino/hotel and will keep me from staying here again is the tone and mood of so many dealers. Some (very few) were a ton of fun but my friends and i encountered quite a few irritable and obviously bored dealers here. They would snap at us and other gamblers and were often caught staring off into space with absolutely zero interest or attention paid to the table and guests. We learned that tips are shared with all dealers at the end of the night which seems like a really bad way to incent them to be engaged in the guests and create a fun atmosphere. They get tips whether they are nice or not making it feel like they just don't have to try therefore they don't. Last year when we were here we picked new york new york because the gaming area was super fun with the dealers, this year they killed that :( sad...they also have awful wi-fi but that felt the same all over the strip there is most likely too much interference so not their fault but it is part of the surprise $20 a day resort fee which was disappointing
2	Fun atmosphere, visually stimulating. Tons of things to look at.A good mix of restaurants and watering holes. Checking in and out was a breeze.The problem I have is about security. On the second night sometime shortly after 1:30 there was a jiggling at are door. There was a dude putting in door card trying to enter. We called the desk and said they would notify security. Meanwhile this guys trying other doors down the hall. 15 minutes later we call the desk again! In the meanwhile he comes back to our door and is shuffling through a handful of door cards to find one that might work. We yell through the door at the punk a few times to no avail. Security shows up 5 minutes later and confronts the guy. We opened our door to say that's the dude and were told by security that they got it. There was no further contact with security or the desk. So we were left in the dark to what was happening. ScareySecurity at the elevators like other resorts is a good thing after midnight.
1	The front desk just called and said we were using too many towels! They said we can have three sets, yet the reservation was made for my wife and three little kids in a large room. We had asked for enough towels for each one of us--five sets. I've never encountered this kind of pettiness in a hotel. Never! And I've stayed in many, many on business. With all the choices in Vegas hotels, why would I ever come back here? I recommend the Venetian or Paris, where I've had great experiences.
5	Love this casino.....just love it. Plenty of great bars and the slots. I like the layout of the rooms, lost of good choices. Restaurants are good - IL Fornaio is really good, plus there are plenty of reasonable food choices in the NYNY food a ante area - Greenbergs Deli is my favorite. Don't miss the Dueling Pianos.
3	This place is pretty fun and there is lots of food at a decent price.  There's lots of neat stores including Hershey's! The music is pretty good. This place is good for a gambler on a budget (foodwise).
4	This hotel will give you a visual overload as soon as you step inside the doors! I will certainly stay here again when I'm in Vegas. The entertainment and the bar scene are excellent; food choices are very reasonable and good quality; the gambling needs work.  That said, I'd stay here if I were you.  Here are some insights:Pro:great variety of food choices, reasonableBar at Times Square - dueling pianos is a must!!!hotel is connected to MGM and Excalibur by walkways; right next to Monte Carloclean hotel, great ventilationgreat service, check in was actually enjoyablefast evelatorsCons:poor wifiaverage pool6/5 black jack (play at the others connected)with few exceptions, dealers were not very friendly
3	Visually impressive.  Nice clean rooms at a fair price.  Gym was nice.  Pool was okay.  Restaurants are a little pricey for what you get, but you can find a few specials if you look around.  Wi-fi was very slow.  Check-in/Check-out was relatively easy.
5	came here I redeem a free room for my Vegas, spoke to Robert at the front desk, he hooked us up with a players suite for incredibly cheap. My god. Don't go anywhere else but New York New York. Trust me!
1	My husband and I have never, in our ten years of marriage, taken a trip outside of Oregon. We decided to celebrate our 30th birthdays in Nevada, and booked the New York New York for one night. We were excited to get away and have fun.We booked our reservations in February and arrived for our stay on July 12th, right at check in time. The man at the front desk said our room would not be ready for TWO HOURS because there had been a lot of guests the night before who had not checked out on time, and they needed time to clean the room. I'm sorry - the last time I checked, a reservation secured a room for the exact check in time listed!He was unapologetic and actually seemed very bothered by us being there. We stood and waited and told him we'd need to be in a room as soon as possible. He put us in the next room "up," which was the Players Suite. How awesome. It was directly off of the elevator, so all night long, we were woken up loudness. Not only that, but there was a $22 "Resort Fee" that was supposed to include wi-fi, and no one gave us the password. Even better was the roller coaster outside of the window, which was a cool concept until we realized that every time the roller coaster departed, the reception on our TV went out. The one and only perk was that the bed was comfortable. But this was NOT worth the hassle or the money we paid.
1	My husband and I booked a long weekend in a Marquee Suite over the 4th of July.  We requested a non-smoking room specifically due to my sensitivity to cigarette smoke.  When we arrived in our room, I was extremely upset.The first thing we noticed was that there were two ashtrays on the table next to the door.  One of these ashtrays still had cigarette ash in it.  We also were hit by the waft of stale smoke smell from the room.  My gut reaction was, "Oh great, they gave us a smoking room."  However, upon moving further into the room, we saw the advertised no smoking signs with associated fine for smoking in the room.I immediately called the front desk to express my concern.  The first concern was my discomfort, followed very closely by the desire to not be charged for smoking in the room because of the evidence left by the previous guests.  The front desk's only solution was to send someone up to "freshen" the room.  In addition to the ash trays, we were also greeted by what appeared to be a heavy duty fan of some sort.  When the bellman delivered our bags, he expressed extreme concern as this was no ordinary fan, but was a machine that, if it had been running, would have been harmful to our health.  Luckily, housekeeping was already on their way to attempt to cover up the smoking smell so the bellman didn't have to call to have this item removed.When housekeeping arrived, they pulled out an air freshening spray to assist with the smell.  This simply provided a different strong smell, which didn't last.  Over the three day stay, the smell of smoke lingered and was noticeable even on our clothing that we had not worn when we returned home.Finally, when we had started to unpack, we opened the mini fridge and discovered leftover food from the previous guests.  Overall, I was shocked at the overall disregard for our safety and comfort.
4	I was recently in Vegas to visit relatives/visit Vegas. We decided to stay in the New York-New York hotel as it was decently priced and seemed to be in the middle of the strip. This was my first time in Vegas and I was traveling with a two year old. Anyway now that you have some background lets get to the review:Rooms: Although we chose the cheapest room, it was perfectly sized, nice decor and great view. We were on the 31st floor and faced Southeast above the roller coaster. When I took my first look out the window and noticed the roller coaster, I thought---how loud is this thing gonna be. It wasn't loud at all and I really enjoyed seeing the riders screaming their heads off without hearing it. Entertainment: We had a baby sitter for the nigh so--me and  the wife took in a show--Zoomanity. It was very entertaining, we liked that it was performed in the hotel so we didn't have to go far. If you're easily offended or aren't into adult entertainment, this is NOT the show for you. It was a bit pricey but I'm glad we saw it.I could go on and on but to summarize...this was a really nice place for a fair price. Centrally located on the strip and has everything you want and need within walking distance for a satisfying Vegas trip. My only complaints about the room: There was a faint stale cigaret smell noticed when we first entered the room. It didn't overwhelm and seemed to fade pretty quickly. Secondly, the room was like a meat locker and when I adjusted the thermostat---I felt more comfortable standing in the Nevada desert. I adjusted it back, pulled the covers over my head and enjoyed a couple days in Vegas at the great New York New York hotel.
4	Great times at New York New York. Always clean, staff is friendly, love the location and proximity to MGM is a plus. No complaints.
4	We got this room through Priceline and we were very happy with it! The rooms were spacious and clean. The pillows on the bed are amazing!! The casino actually smells good! It doesn't smell musky. The reasons we did not give this a 5 star are minor but would make a stay here much more enjoyable. The pool closes at 7pm. It would have been nice to enjoy an evening in the hot tub. There is not a mini fridge in their rooms. One of the biggest issues for us was the limited selection of TV channels. Who comes to Vegas to stay in their room?!? We do! We aren't big on the club scene or walking the strip.... We live a few hours away and have been here more times than we can remember so we just enjoy coming to get away from the everyday routine. Unfortunately the selection of channels they did have did not have great reception... Oh and the internet was slow also but it was nice to not use our phones as much as we normally would. Other than that... Great time had at this hotel!!!
4	This Hotel is not as overwhelming as others in Las Vegas.Easy to navigate and easy to find ones way around from The Front desk,to Casino,to The Strip.Nice dining options to.
5	I love this place! The hotel is always clean and they have nice furnitures like sofa chairs and a  desk
3	I came down to Vegas for a trade show and booked at New York New York for a change, my room was large and had a great view, however had a very strong smell of urine, did not smell clean at all, even the bath tub was sketchy, they gave us vouchers for food, restaurant selection was good, but that crazy scent bothers me all night,
5	I've stayed at this hotel many many times and I have always loved it. The rooms are nice and comfortable. All the variety of yummy foods is wonderful. This hotel to me has so much to give. It's great for kids also, it has a roller coaster and large arcade. I would recommend this hotel.
2	Have stayed here and there's much to do inside with casinos going on forever, many restaurants, bars and stores. The hotel towers are many so the place is busy with activity and people.The group I went with, like 15 people, had similar comments. The rooms were run down and not that clean. The maid service had just left my room upon my arrival. I saw her leave my room. There were wadded up Kleenex balls right outside my room and she just walked by them. Gross. I thought maybe she just didn't see them. On the third day there, I'm pretty sure someone in housekeeping had to have seen them but they were still there. I was there on business so it was hard to tolerate hearing slamming hotel doors ALL night long and partiers yelling down the hallways at 3,4 or 5AM with no regard to others.Summary: if you're there to party and gamble and are OK with semi clean rooms, this is the place for you.
1	We stay here all the time. We usually really like this hotel and casino. However the players club desk at this hotel is awful!!!!! They have a promotion where you play win free play. After standing in line for 30 minutes to see if I was eligible to play, I won 5 dollars and had to wait in line for another 30 minutes although one person at the desk was taking people with their tickets without standing in line. Horrible system! And why are there only two people working at 12 on a Monday!!!!!
1	Terrible experience overall at this casino. I went on three occasions and had terrible dealers each time.One of the dealers I had, Lee, an older Asian man, took the cake in the "Rude Dealer of the Year" category. He had a bad attitude during the whole game and didn't speak unless something little upset him. When I sat down to play and handed my ID to the pit boss, he yelled at me demanding my ID. I told him the pit boss had it and he had the gall to shake his head like I was in the wrong. He immediately talked himself out of being tipped. When I wasn't playing and was watching my friend play, I pat the table when my friend got an ace (good luck measure for the next card to be a face card, seen all over the Strip), and he BARKED at me saying "hey! I don't like that! You're not even playing!" Excuse me, we're trying to have a good time and you're just an asshole. I didn't reach towards the cards or the chips and every other dealer is okay with this. I barked back "I don't like YOU" and my friend and I both left.The New York New York would've made some money off of us if they had dealers who had better attitudes but they quickly affirmed that we would never be back. If you don't like your job as a dealer and can't be entertaining, especially in Las Vegas, you need to switch careers.
4	I'm hesitant on the 4 stars, sure this is Vegas and it's a tough market to compete in, but I still think they could do a little better. Our "updated" room may have been updated 10 years ago. The bathroom symbolizes nothing modern. The check in process wasn't enjoyable, the woman checking us in was rude and didn't care to help or want to accommodate us. The manager soon took control and helped us. The other staff around this MGM property are great! People in the south are usually super friendly, and that rule follows right through here. Sure the hotel is not as nice as Caesars or the MGM Grand, but it's still very nice, has a large casino, roller coaster, arcade and shopping area!
4	Stayed in the players suite ....the atmosphere is great...so much to do...the suite was about 800 Sq ft....lots of room and great place 2 take the kids...although that arcade is overpriced and so expensive $20 will burn in a few minutes with the kids!!!
2	Oh, my. If you like all the dirty and decrepit parts of New York City, yet not actually be in New York City, this place is for you. It smells of a million un-showered people smoking cigarettes, combined with a vat of Fabreze sprayed over it all to mask the stench. There isn't a surface that isn't in poor condition, from the entrance pavement in poor repair to the filthy doors to the worn-out carpets, this place could not be more down scale.  And the people...no comment.We went so my husband and daughter could ride the coaster. They seemed to enjoy it, but we couldn't get out of there fast enough.  Perhaps it is unfair to NY NY that we had just come from Luxor, which is very, as the New Yorkers say, "classy," and NY NY casino was like going to a third world country by comparison.
2	I stayed here once a year and a half ago for work and couldn't remember why I didn't really like it then, other than the loathsome Chin Chin breakfast buffet. That work trip was otherwise hellish so maybe this hotel was the least horrible part of my stay, I don't know. Anyway, the Palms was completely booked up and this was the most convenient hotel to stay in that I wasn't scared would give me some kind of STD just from touching the sheets.Aaaaanyway, I remember why I hate this place. There's really no Verizon or AT&T service in the rooms, making tethered Internet useless, and the in room wifi is so slow I'd imagine I'd get better speeds on a satellite link in a dacha somewhere near Siberia. But I'm here for work, I'm not picking mushrooms in a forest so no useful Internet access is kind of a non-starter. Also, the food options here kinda suck. Chin Chin is miserable, Gonzales y Gonzales is kinda eh from my drunken recollections years ago, Il Fornaio is like a more expensive Spaghetti Factory, the sports bar that may still be here served me one of the worst steaks of my life....actually I've eaten at at lot of the restaurants here and I don't know why, I should have just crossed the street to the tram and gone to Mandalay.Also, my TV randomly turned on at 3:30am, and no, I did not bump the remote, it was on the far end of my nightstand, well out of reach, there was no kind of laundry bag for dry cleaning (which I like to steal for my dirty laundry), and somehow there was no shampoo or conditioner in my hotel room.Anyway, this would be one star, but at least they lived up to my expectations of not giving me an STD, I hope, and I think I won 50 bucks doing something stupid like doubling down on a 14 here years ago, so why not.
3	We rented a "Park Avenue room with a view."  The "view" costs extra and is not worth it; our view consisted of the roller coaster, a beat-up roof, the airport and two hotels: Excalibur & Tropicana.   Based on the extra cost, I was expecting a strip view (not two hotels but the ability to see down the strip at night etc).  If I had to do it over again I  would not pay extra for a room with a view as it is nothing to pay extra for.  The room itself was clean and the beds were comfortable.  It is a large hotel so the walk to/from the elevators is a bit of a hike but we were expecting that as all the mega hotels are like that.  We were on the 16th floor and one thing we did not expect was the noise from the roller coaster.  I certainly knew it was there when we booked the room but I did not think about it running all day and well into the middle of the night.  The roller coaster itself makes quite a bit of noise and when people ride a roller coaster they scream...constantly. There is a $20 "resort fee" with the hotel which is a total rip off.  What you get is free "high speed" wifi (that works at a SNAILS pace...think back to the days of dial-up internet). You get a free newspaper with it (if you want to trek downstairs to the shop and ask for it but I don't know why you would want one anyway).  The fee also allows you to print an airline boarding pass (what a bargain at $20 a day...insert sarcastic face).  The hotel looks awesome from the outside and has an awesome decor inside (they also brought New York prices in for all the shops and food vendors...a soda is $3).  The staff were all friendly and the casino was pretty standard.   While the hotel is neat and the room was clean I would not stay here again.  You can come (for free) and visit the fun parts and stay at a better place.  I've been to Vegas several times and sayed everywhere from the Stratosphere, Rio, Palace Station, Tropicana, etc.  While I am not unhappy with my stay or the hotel, I enjoyed all my other stays at the other hotels better.
4	Great hotel, great price. This one is fairly cheap and has a great feel to it. I love the New York theme. Check in and out was quick and easy. When we checked in we left our bags with the bell hop since we arrived before 3:00. At 1:00 our room was ready, and the bell hop brought our bags up quickly. The room was nice. We had the Park Avenue room on the 29th floor. It was clean and the bed was pretty comfortable. Not rock hard but not super plush either. I though the decor was simple but nice. It wasn't over the top, but I liked it. It wasn't extremely plain. There's a lot to do in the hotel and around the area. The roller coaster is fun but at times can be painful. There's a lot of good food in the New York hotel, too. Although, I will say skip the starbucks. We got a tall coffee, one of the protein boxes, and a small sandwich and it was $17!!! And then they wanted to charge 50 cents for a cup of water. There's other places to get a quick bite in the hotel, but it was very early when we went and it was the only thing open. Just avoid it. The only thing I really didn't like about the pool is that it was small. Like really small. Other hotels have multiple pools and they are large! But this one was one tiny bean shaped pool that was only 4.5 feet deep. That part of the hotel could use some improvement, but other than that it's a good place to stay.
4	I stayed here previously at the Park Avenue view suite.Hotel room-I wasn't a fan of the room. For a suite it was kind of small. AC was strong but was very loud, good view of the strip, bathroom looked old and not renovated. It actually looked like a motel bathroom. Room decor was very 80s, big tv, comfy beds and pillows, walls were really thin. I could hear our neighbors having sex (it was kind of hot)Hotel/accommodations- check in was by fast, elevators no line and fast, hallways clean, staff very nice, pool was rather small for the size of the hotel, wifi included in resort fee, valet was actually really quick.Restaurants-I have to say that this hotel has a ton of selections for food which I liked about this hotel. And a lot of choices to fit a person budget.Staff-service and staff was awesome. Everyone was welcoming and smiling, lots of staff and security. Felt safe and nice that staff acknowledges you.I would stay here again for the price.
3	Booked my room two months in advance with no issues and a conformation number that was sent via E-Mail.Upon arrival I noticed a very strong smell in the casino gaming area which appeared to be air freshener that was piped through the ventilation system for the gaming area. It was a very disgusting strong sweet aroma. I think it was to mask the cigarette smoke. I've stayed here in the distant past and always thought the air conditioner system was sufficient with no strong smells of cigarette aroma.  Anyway this freshener gave me a headache and was strong. It was absolutely terrible.I did in fact arrive early for check in ( 2 hr ) and was charged an extra $ 20.00 just so I could go to my room early which was already cleaned. RIP OFF!  I was told about this additional charge after they had finished processing my information for check in, how nice.The room was very out dated but clean. The bathroom had a tub shower combination with a sliding shower door.....very out dated, really?? The enclosure while standing in the tub taking a shower was tight and there was very little room to wash without hitting the shower door with your elbows ....This is 2014 , what happen to a big walk in shower. Does anyone really want to take a bath in a hotel tub sitting in someone's DNA from the last guest...not me. Anyway I would never think about a hotel tub in a nice hotel casino.The entire bathroom was very small about a 5 x 5 foot area, with the toilet situated right in front of the sink, thus cutting down the standing area. Having to step up and over the tub sides is approximately 14 to 18 inches, This could be a real issue for somone with limited mobility or the elderly. The room had popcorn ceilings,  really?? This is 2014!Overall the room was clean and furnished nicely. The room air-conditioning worked fine but the thermostat was out dated and  no digital temp display. It was very difficult getting the correct room temperature at night. The bed was comfortable and pillows as well. The TV was a flat screen but the cable signal was absolutely terrible. The signal strength was scattered and the picture would freeze and completely shut off.I was there for 5 days and the TV reception never got any better. REALLY THIS 2014! The restaurants were plentifully with various types of food available.To many to mention. On my first day at the hotel I had walked up to a center circular  bar and was met with an attitude from the bartender when I ordered a mixed drink. I had just sat down and wss fumbling with my money to insert into the table top Keno machine when he blurted out, you have to play to get a free drink. Made me feel unwelcomed right off the bat. He was just rude bottom line! Hope I didn't break the casino with a short pour of cheap liquor.....my wife had a similar experience at the same bar by another bartender. She ordered a Cadillac margarita while she was playing electronic Keno at the bar, she was served a watered down drink in a plastic cup and charged $ 11.00, yes eleven dollars!, REALLY??When she questioned the high charge and the fact the drink should of been free because she was gambling she was hit with an attitude from the bartender.He told her that premium drinks are not comped. It would of been nice to tell her this beforehand. She finally contacted a bar supervjsor and was refunded the price of the cocktail ....they need PR training here.The Casino is getting old and not really getting all the attention it really needs.The Starbucks within the casino charges more for the same drink's I get everyday elsewhere. I order the same two drinks that normally costs $9.60 elsewhere and here it is $11.84....REALLY??There was a lot of kids running around, and there is a arcade on the upper level with a roller coaster for a premium charge.Resort fees are charged everyday that you stay at the casino. $20.00 a day plus daily taxes. Some booking web sites will mention this and some won't. This can add up fast....just another way for hotel casinos to gouge for more and provide less in some cases. Everything has a tax associated with it, check your automated hotel bill on the TV in your room by going to the menu and looking at the itemized daily breakdown before you check out so you don't need CPR when checking out and not understanding the hidden tax.......Taxation and resort fees are absorbent and just another way for the hotel to make more by calling it Tax.......years ago there was no such thing!!All the casinos have jumped on this bandwagon! The covered parking garage is connected to the hotel by use of a air conditioned pedestrian walkway but is a distance to the lobby and down one floor and you must navigate screaming kids as you pass by the arcade. The hotel also has walkways to other casinos above ground level that crosses over the busy Las Vegas traffic..a lot of walking but some have moving walkways that transport you.THATS IT......
4	New York - New York has a really fun and energetic casino, I had a blast even though I didn't do very well at the tables, though I did win some cash playing the Dark Knight slot machine.  The beaty music and city ambiance gives the place a youthful vibe that is palpable and contagious, plus it doesn't smell like piss.  It's also one of the better casinos to still have $5 blackjack, and did I mention there's a Dark Knight slot machine? It's not the slot machine you deserve, it's the slot machine you need.
4	I want to give a shout out to the management team. I had some issue but they resolved it. Assistant manager Jackie is a lovely lady and she's a smart manager who knows how to handle customers complaints. Brian at the concierge is a wonderful manager. Charles is a wonderful manager. Lastly, Tim of the risk management   Team, he's a super nice guy. Thank you for all your help to make my trip even more wonderful than I could possibly imagine. That one star missing only because of the bell boy joe who had a nasty attitude and threw my bags on the floor and left. I have got to give props to the management team at nyny. Customers aren't easy here and they handled it extremely well. Thanks.
1	Gonzales  Gonzales is a mexican restaurant inside the casino. I've been eating there for years but not anything recent. I ordered chicken fajitas. Normally this selection would be served sizzling hot when arriving at the table. This item came out luke warm and the beans and rice arrived on another plate.The rice and beans were only luke warm and only about 5 bites of rice and 5 bites of beans, no cheese!The tortillas were luke warm...the service waiter was very good and attentive. no chips and salsa were served and chips and salsa have to be ordered as an extra cost.....most mexican restaurants will serve chips and salsa before you order......The chandeliers above the eating area need to be cleaned or shaved , they look hairy from dust and lint. Gross!That's it!!.......******************Security Warning ***************I was a guest at this hotel for five days. during this time period I stayed in the same room and at my request refused any type of room service or maid service.I had brought a pair of mini canon binoculars into the room, upon check out the binoculars were gone, I realized this a few hours or less after I left when I needed the binoculars for sight seeing at Red Rock.I contacted the hotel house keeping, short version, the maid said she had not seen them. A security report was filed and this is under investigation. It's hard to believe they had not been located , there's a possibility that someone used a room key during tbe week I was there unbeknownst to me.. The only people in the room was my wife and I and the cleaning staff, who cleaned the room one time right after we left. We had refused room service the entire week. I really hadn't seen the binoculars for about three days but wasn't looking for them either, when we checked out they were just out of sight out of mind. I didn't realize they were missing for a few hours after check out. Update will follow upon conclusion of the hotel security investigation. Just be mindful of these circumstances. I was sloppy for not having a good inventory of my stuff when I packed.08-27-14Update ConclusionHotel completed their investigation, nothing to support my claim other then my statement. Through their own follow up and interviews and checking electronic records of my room lock they feel the theft is unsubstantiated.  Bottom line I arrived at the hotel with the binoculars and somehow they were stolen from my room during my absence . They just didn't vanish into thin air...no compensation offered for replacement                                                                              ( WHICH I DIDN'T EXPECT ) and they closed their case.....I won't be staying here again for obvious reasons. Take the information for what it's worth..........THERES ANOTHER REVIEW THAT TALKS ABOUT THEFT OF MONEY FROM ANOTHER GUEST'S ROOM!That's it!!....
1	Just checked in 2 hours ago - shocked Room smells like old old house, windows so dirty so we will keep the curtains closed this time.We ordered room service, the food arrived 45 minutes later, cold. I decided to call Room Service, before I could say anything the lady on the other line said that she wants cash and if we are not paying cash the food will be taking away, she was super rude and didn't let me say a word. I asked her to charge this bill to our room.A half  hour later got a visit from 3 huge security guys that claimed we didn't want to pay the bill, they were talking about jail. Completely overreacting to a non exciting problem.  this is just 3 first hour.. I'm scared + The internet connection is terrible.New York New York NEVER AGAIN!!
5	This place is awesome!! The room is beautiful and clean! So far all of the staff have been extremely nice and not fake and very helpful. This is definitely our new place we will stay when we come to Vegas!!
3	Very basic hotel & casino on the end of the strip across the street from MGM.  Good no frills amenities, although I was rather annoyed our room didn't have a fridge.  I wouldn't mind staying here again although I probably won't.
4	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #6:spoiler alert: it is themed after New York City!; some very cool features including the outdoor faux Brooklyn Bridge along Las Vegas Blvd., the outdoor roller coaster that actually runs right above areas of the casino, and the Greenwich Village area of low key eateries; the hotel check-in is not impressive, basically part of the casino; the entry to the roller coaster is via a huge maze of arcade games - great area for the kiddos, I suppose, but Hades for childless adults; serene & classy conference room area on 2nd floor with cool black & white NYC photos; I must say that Nine Fine Irishmen is the greatest Irish pub west of Manhattan, especially with the house band Sin e Ri Ra kicking it almost every night; best craft beer bet = Pour 24 on the 2nd level has a great selection on tap (please stop ordering Bud Light here, people!), and the Broadway Burger Bar has a fair bit as well
1	Cash was stolen in my room!!! It was in my wallet inside my purse. Was there for business and our meetings were at the hotel too. Been fighting this with the hotel since June. The investigation is taking forever.They need to do something and I just want my money back!!! What's more insulting is they offered a compensation of $50 room service or $50 at Nine Fine Irishmen. No way!!! I refuse to spend another dime here.
1	I stay at this hotel A LOT.. Not once or twice but probably 6 times a year... This visit was awful.  A big hair in my jacuzzi tub,  a big greasy handprint on the mirror and clothes tags in the carpet.   Just a nasty room.  I photographed all to prove I am not making this up.
1	Worst FUCKING HOTEL EVER! We paid 1500+ dollars for the weekend PENTHOUSE! They tried giving us a crappy ass fucking suite! Really? What the fuck is wrong with you guys! Trying to fool us into giving us a crappier room thinking we wouldn't notice? It's my cousins BACHELOR PARTY and you guys try to screw us over like this? Are you kidding me? NEVER COMING BACK HERE, DO NOT COME HERE! THERE SERVICE IS REALLY REALLY BAD! IF I COULD GIVE A LOWER RATING I WOULD
3	We stopped at the NYNY hotel casino on a long road trip and thought it would be one of the more child friendly hotels on the strip since we were traveling as a family.One of the restaurants there, Chin Chin was very good. The sushi, chicken lo mein, and breakfast buffet are amazingly good. There is a big arcade but my very tall 7 year old was too short to ride the roller coaster, which is one of the reasons we wanted to stay there. The pool lights up at night so my son enjoyed that. Unfortunately the internet did not work in our room which created a bunch of problems for us. We called tech support and they woke us up with a knock at the door 2 hours after calling the front desk only to tell us there was nothing they could do.  I hear that this resort will be building a central park themed amusement park soon. That seems like it would be really fun. We enjoyed the new Hershey World and cute NY theme throughout.Bottom line: The NYNY hotel is affordable for the strip, is in a good location, and is within walking distance of a lot of fun attractions but next time I would choose a middle of the strip hotel like the Mirage or the Flamingo with kids. The hotel served its purpose and we would return.Pros: Price is affordable, Free Parking, Chin Chin breakfast buffet (yum), cute themeCons: Not as child friendly as say The Excaliber or Circus Circus, internet didn't work in our room, housekeeping left a roll away bed in the middle of our room.
3	So far so good. Nothing that is a wow factor right now.  I would suggest Hershey world. It is a cool place to visit.
3	I must admit I am a bit of a hotel snob. For those traveling on a bit of a budget this place is great. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. This hotel seemed to be catered to the party-crowd but was at least quiet at night while trying to sleep. There are lots of restaurants and dining options.
3	Overall, an average hotel experience for the strip. Pros: It was clean, everything worked, spacious room (Madison Park Deluxe). Casino was eventful and staff was friendly. Centrally located on the strip. Cons: Pool seemed small, so we decided to not venture down there. View was all concrete (expected for a lower end room). Bedding was a little shabby (they used a flat sheet to cover the mattress, not a fitted sheet, and then the sheet had holes in it). Lots of hidden fees. What started out as a $80 room ended up being $120. Basically, it served it's purpose. Viva Las Vegas!
4	So know we have stayed at several hotels here in vegas on the strip and I gotta tell you NYNY is still my top choice!! Every year I check in to VIP and is greeted with a smile from the same person that always recognized us from the year before. She makes everything so easy and comfy for us. The vibe in the casino at night is always nice. Nothing fancy, just good people having a great time, good music, good bar's and quick server's bringing free drinks as you play. No complaints here
1	This review is about the arcade. I'm sure most people wouldn't  mind it, but I'm so disappointed that they changed everything. The arcade was a place my dad took me to since I was a kid, and we had so much fun. I went a couple times as an adult and remembered why I loved it so much so we started making it a regularly visited place again. Then we go today and they changed everything to a new system where you use a card for everything. I can definitely see the positives to this system but now they have removed several games including my favorite one. Also, we something was wrong with their system and we lost out on several hundred tickets. These things probably don't matter to a lot of people, but for me, because of the changes, this is no longer a place I will be visiting anymore. :( On another note, Nine Fine Irishmen is a pretty good restaurant.
2	It was a fun place to stay, I really enjoyed the roller coaster!  Our room was the spa suite.  It was ok, however, for the price we paid it could have been more... We looked out over a lighting area and we had no view since they put us behind a false building wall.:/. It was ok, but I was disappointed and wished we had a view.  Aldo, the water in our room smelled metallic as well.
4	So this place eventually won me over because quite frankly we didn't start off on the best foot.Reservation was for a Park Avenue, King Bed Room.I arrived on a Sunday around 7:30PM and was told that they no longer had king bed non-smoking rooms even though that's what I reserved.  So they gave me a double bed room, 12th floor.  Upon arriving I was less than pleased with the room.  The desk was in the middle of the beds facing the back wall.  It was awkward.  The view was crap (to be expected for the lower paid rooms) and lastly the window blind was stuck open!  It couldn't close.  That's no fun when you're trying to sleep while the sun comes up.I went back down to the reservation desk to pick up my complimentary buffet vouchers as I forgot earlier.  This time I met with a different person.  I mentioned that my window blind was broken and asked if there were some way to fix it.  Instead he said he could move rooms for me and I asked if there were a King room available as that was my original reservation.  Rest assured (just a mere 20 mins after my initial check in) a King room was magically available!  I'm not sure if the original female check in person did their due diligence.The king room worked much better for me because I got a bigger bed (obvious) and the desk was to the side of the room.  And I got a higher floor (27 versus 12) with a slightly better view.  Everything else between the King Room and the Double Bed room were basically the same.It was pretty easy to walk from here to MGM, Excaliber, and Tropicana hotels.  The Hersey World store was a nice place buy some souvenirs.  I enjoyed the food court area some nights if I were a rush to get a bite to eat.  You get a younger vibe at this hotel than like...Tropicana.The Brooklyn Bridge area was nice to hang out and listen to street music.  And it was pretty affordable to stay here.  I would return.
4	It's your basic Las Vegas casino...nothing fancy. If I get food here it's typically Chin Chins...because of the sexy hostess that works there and their food is pretty good!! Lol Or the Starbucks.The bar under the Statue of Liberty light sucks...but that's due to TERRIBLE service. Chin chins and Starbucks...outside of that, you're on your own!
5	i loved the SPA at tyhe hotel Kristine and steve are excellent at nails and pedicure care i had a wonderful time and the price was right the taxi service from the hotel was great also i had a room with two double beds very clean i would recommend this hotel to everyone that visits vegas
3	Recently decided to stay a night here, it was my first time staying in a room here instead of only visiting the Casino or restaurants. I was too tired to care about the price and they had only non smoking rooms so I opted for that to save an hour of waiting around. The room is only 400 sq. Feet but the space is put to good use. It has a nice feel to the place. I was impressed by just how clean it was, especially the shinny white bath tub/shower combo, and the amazing blue tile. The pull out vanity mirror and oversized ice bucket were nice settle touches. My absolute only complaint is that they have no good channels so I never watched TV, and they pump way too much house scent into the ventilation system. Maybe it would have been a nice touch for a smoking room, but to a smoker in a non smoking room, I found it fairly over powering. Check In and Check Out took forever. The express checkout kiosk was broken, and only one girl was working the desk and in no hurry whatsoever. I feel the room was worth no more than $80 all fees included. I paid $107 and felt for that I ought to of had a mini bar or fridge included for that at least. The pillows are among the best I have had at any hotel and I am picky, worth mentioning :) On another note, the Sic Bo Machines have yet to make a come back after they were yanked out, and the main staircase up to the Arcade and Roller Coaster was closed off, so you had to walk the round about way.
4	Surprisingly a good hotel! Not sure I would pay retail price to stay here, but when booking via priceline and getting 30-40% off, heck yeah!!Great place, with lots of great restaurants, and centrally located!
2	First of all when we checked in to our room the door didn't lock the lock was apparently broken. Really? Ugh I had to go downstairs and complain and asked the front desk to give us a different room. So inconvenient we had to carry our stuff to a different room. I had to ask them for and upgrade for the inconvenience. Room service is bad they charge for everything $30 for a robe per day $30 for a refrigerator. This was the first and last time I will stay At New York New York. Btw the rooms are old fashioned and creepy .
3	One of the older hotels on the strip, but it's sure one of the classics.I've never been on the famous roller coaster, but I've heard nothing but great things. It's $14 per ride.The rooms are typical, normal rooms. Nothing fancy. Just a regular hotel room. I do like gambling here because they are a part of M Life. If you haven't already, sign up for an M Life card, and you earn points for gambling,  going to shows, dining, etc.You can redeem these points for food and rooms!I would probably stay at the hotel if I want looking to spend a lot,  but if you're looking for a nicer hotel,  go to Cosmo or Ceasar's.
4	"No complaints"4 nights and no issues. Rooms were nice and house keeping efficient. Well located and walking distance if you are up for it. Deuce bus stop across the road. Lots of bars and restaurants in the hotel, you could probably never leave the hotel. Cvs next to the hotel also
3	I would rate this as OK. The rooms are OK, but not great. We were satisfied, but not impressed. The casino and dining are fine also. The New York feel is cool. The location is good. Overall this is a good place to stay and a good value.
4	Loved my stay here.  I would give it a 5, but my view was a roof with mechanical equipment.  Staff was awesome.  Everyone was friendly and helpful, including Security.  Piano Bar was a blast and made my trip.  Very fun place to stay.
2	I went through several casinos during my recent visit to Lost Wages, and NYNY stands out as the most . . . um . . . different.When I saw pictures of the exterior, I always thought "cheesy".  Wnen I saw it in person, I thought "cheesier".  If I would have booked a room, I might have thought "cheesiest", but I'll leave that to people who did sleep here.I love roller coasters, so I planned to go on this one.  Then I got to the entrance, and found that it's $14/ride.  That is beyond steep.  I didn't ride.  My coworker, who was also in Vegas at the time, told me that she did ride it a while back, and it's so rough and throws you back and forth so much that it hurts.  At my advanced age (I've been 29 for many years now), I don't feel like booking a chiropractor after riding a roller coaster.Now for the good:  The Hersheys store.  Like World Of Coca-Cola and the M&Ms store, this one is overpriced.  But you can get a Hershey bar customized with your name on it.  And it has a chocolate Statue of Liberty at the inside entrance;  cool.New York New York:  a good resort hotel to walk through if you want an "only in Las Vegas" experience, and if you want to hope that what's built in Vegas stays in Vegas.
1	Only reason I gave them 1 star is their Sports Book.  Completely unprofessional and rude, In the middle of the 4th quarter they changed the Monday night football game to Americas Funniest Home Videos. We asked for them to change it back and they just refused.  Then the manager came out and bitched at us for complaining.  Who comes to a sports book to watch AFV?
1	Been here for four hours, still waiting for room that I reserved. Crap service, rude employees, and it hasn't even been one day.
5	We went to family nearby who proposed NY, NY for decent clean sensibly advanced, upgraded lodging. They were correct. At the cost we paid, quality was great. Was NOT loud whatsoever... yes, we heard thrill ride and incidental exciting ride clamors... be that as it may nothing excessively noisy. Restaurant choices were phenomenal... while numerous other of bigger super-uber become mixed up in-them inns around NY, NY had just smorgasbords or extravagant consuming alternatives, New York, New York offered about six or more boutique eating choices... counting Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream, Starbucks Coffee, a sandwich shop, and others. For the price we got, we're really happy and would return.  Not five star, but then we didn't pay for five star either, great value!
4	Loved the New York New York. Staff was friendly, great service, hotel room was clean and beautiful. We had a view of the roller coaster and also the MGM grand. We were able to check in early, our room was ready for us which made it very convenient to drop off our luggage and freshen up before hitting the strip. Casino and restaurants were great as well! Definitely had a great stay!
2	My husband and I stayed here for our anniversary. We booked our room months in advance and requested early check in, which you pay extra for. When we arrived at the hotel our room was not ready and they told us then that early check in is just a request and it is not guaranteed available- even though we paid for it... It was such a hassle to deal with the front desk and finally after much back and forth the girl who was helping us got a manager who (kind of) took care of us and got us in a room.... Not the room we requested .. It was on the back side of the hotel.... But none the less we got a room. That did not start our trip off on the right foot, but we rolled with it. When we finally got to our room, I heard a loud constant noise.... They put us in a room that was next to some kind of generator (?).... Electrical (?).... There was something in there and the entire trip we had to deal with that constant high pitched running noise... We ventured out to check the place out.... Originally from NY, I was super excited to stay here.... But I quickly realized that there was nothing to be excited about. Customer service at each and every shop/restaurant, etc was HORRIBLE!!! Let's start with Greenwich coffee.... We went to get a coffee and I asked the rude girl for a mocha. She asked me what size, and I asked her what sizes do you have? She said small or large.... I asked 'well what size is your small and what size is your large?'.. Her response with eyes and mouth wide open with a head bob was 'we have small.... And we have large...'.... Umm that's okay and I put up my hand and said 'actually, I'm good'... She walked away without a second thought.... FYI little girl, when I asked what the sizes were I was hoping for the ounces, so I know how much I would be taking in. Never gave that place a second thought.Went to the other coffee place 'Il Fornaio' and they were much better.. The girls were nice and the coffee was good. They get really busy and they handle it OK. I was a little frustrated one of the mornings when I went and ordered 2 small vanilla lattes, one regular and one decaf.... When I got them I tasted mine and realized there was no vanilla. Being really busy I went to the barista and asked if there was vanilla and she said no they were regular, I asked her to add it and went to the register to let the girl know, my exact words were 'I don't think the girl heard me ask for vanilla so the barista is fixing my drink but can I pay for the difference?' She said not to worry about it but 'next time make sure to ask for it'... I was only fairly annoyed with this because it was obvious they were busy but that's the exact time you need to hone in and listen to your customers orders, it was clear to me that neither of the register girls listened to me.. They were overwhelmed, but they were polite and accommodating. Nine fine Irishmen... Went in there and waited about 20 minutes for our server.... Ended up getting up and going to the bar instead.... Bartender was cool, not the best bartender but he was nice. Food was AMAZING... We went back here a few times this trip for the clams... Did not know they had a 24 hour shop in the hotel. This would've been nice if someone had told us at check in... It was unfortunate we toughed out midnight heartburn after drinking so much and didn't see this shop until the day we left. Really front desk people--- would have been nice to know that was there!! Okay let's talk about the casino... Craps dealers were talking about their weekend the whole time and missed paying us out at least 3 times during our game. That was really not cool... Don't waste your money at this casino... If you like the ambiance of Vegas and to people watch, go somewhere that's busier and more professional. The casino was empty by midnight... Was not worth it. Went to il fornaio restaurant for breakfast one morning and server dropped us some water and disappeared.... So long we ended up leaving and going off site for food. Luckily we tried this place again and sat at the bar and had really good service and the food was really really good.... All in all, the food here is good.... But the service sucks. Definitely better places in Vegas to spend your money.
1	Stayed in the Empire tower. Sad, tired affair - saggy sheets, hairs in toilet, smells from wash basin, beat up elevator. Everyone of the toilets on the casino floor was spattered with feces. Food options are sub par.Until management has the decency to do a major upgrade, they should not align their name with that great city.Yuck.
1	I've been coming and staying at MGM resorts for some time now. Have always had a wonderful time but this last time was a complete let down! Not only was the hotel run down and elevators all dirty but I swear I had bed bugs in my room. I woke up with bites all over my legs and spoke to management about it. This is the first time I go with my infant since having her, I'm just happy it wasn't the baby that got bitten.
2	We had always wanted to stay here, but I am very disappointed.  The room was very small, and I know your just there to sleep but I was just very unimpressed with the room.  Think I will stick to down town
1	Very poor emergency medical service this evening (11:50pm) when a young man with his head face down on a table and barely responsive. Security personnel with obviously NO MEDICAL training atempted to help and were extremely defensive with myself and my so. Both Firefights/EMTs trying to assist. We were both told to back off and " We have it handled, we deal with this every day" they obviously did not know what they were doing, and failed to call for professional emergency medical care. This type of ignorance is unacceptable in this day and age and is extremely costly (liability) to any business. Wake up.
1	1. Front Desk Customer Service was awful and rude.2. I upgraded to a players suite and customer service agent said room was going to be ready in one hour.  It took them 3 hours, Manager on duty waived room upgrade awesome right!!! NOT!!! room was filthy looked like barf was on the bathroom door bathroom shower was clogged with hair jacuzzi tube was filthy with hair and little tiny pieces of rubbish.  floor towel was brown and looked like DODO stains on it nasty.  Advised the front desk manager advised quote (Well we waived your upgrade) I was like Oh thanks but that does not mean you give me a dirty room I advised if thats the case I would have paid full price for a clean one thank you very much!!! they did nothing for me I was very disappointed because it was my birthday and  wanted it to be a awesome one but I would not stay here never ever again I would rather stay in my rental car it was cleaner.     3. Check in at 2:37pm got to room at 4:55pm room was not ready which we were late for our show and dinner needed to switch reservations so if you have plans to do things don't stay here.4. I would stay at down town at the Plaza hotel its cleaner there.
2	It's between 2-3 stars for me. The room was nice. Big bed that was comfy and a spacious room. A LOT of closet space. Friendly staff. Any whooo...the things I didn't like was a)The maid did not do a good job at cleaning it beforehand. Used tissues on the bathroom floor in a corner. Dried soap scum on the shower wall. It was a nice room but it was a little hard to enjoy when I'm imagining what gross icky stuff was lurking an all of the surfaces. So I was thinking the whole time...are these sheets clean? Was this bathroom cleaned/mopped/sanitized/wiped down at all? And how often? There were no other rooms available so we were stuck with it : / Unless we wanted to pay an upgrade fee to get another room. b) sometimes (random times in the day) there would be a burning plastic smell : / unpleasant c) the roller coasters starts at 8 AM. So anyone wanting to ride it at 8 AM is free to do so. Vacation is about sleeping in. Come onnnn! :P
3	Stayed here recently for two nights with a group of ladies to celebrate a birthday. We were 6 people, and we booked two double rooms. Everyone was flying in from different places, and I was the lucky one who experienced a major flight delay, so everyone checked in hours before I arrived.I took a shuttle from the airport, and went to check in and get a room key on my own so I could stash my stuff. You have to walk through the casino in order to get to the front desk, which I didn't love (it's pretty smokey and I have allergies/asthma). The check-in process was really easy- my friend had left my name, so they checked my ID and asked how many keys I wanted. At 1:30 in the morning on a Friday, there was about a 10 minute wait to speak to someone. But, the man working the front desk was really nice and complemented my wallet.The room was a decent size, and I found the beds to be really comfortable. Our bathroom was large, but the toilet made weird noises for about 5 minutes after it was flushed (it wasn't running or flushing itself, it just sounded...weird. We all noticed and commented on it, but it wasn't enough to call the front desk or complain about. I found the room to be clean.We didn't actually eat at any of the places in the hotel, and I didn't gamble in the casino, so I can only speak to the hotel portion, but I found it to be a fine place to sleep for a reasonable price, and the location was nice to be able to explore the strip over the course of a few days.
3	A fair hotel, a decent price.As far as hotels in Vegas go, it's not the most beautiful. But if you want to stay off the strip and not spend an arm and a leg to do it, New York New York is a good way to go.The rooms were large and quite fairly clean. They had all the amenities you could possibly require. My only complaint about our room was the serious lack of a view. We large windows on the corner of the building...and only really had a view of a portion of the roof and the roller coaster. Not the end of the world, but...mundane. Because of the price it seems this hotel attracts a moderately sloppy crowd. There will be no shortage of overweight white people in flamboyantly colored track suits playing the slots. I liked that the interior lobby was designed to look like you were in the middle of downtown new york, however, the architect would have been better served designing some window seating or something. We didn't eat here, but I'm pretty sure it's not possible to have a nice meal when you're directly across from someone loudly yanking at the slots.Overall this was a decent hotel. If you're in town to take in the get some good food and see some shows, you'd be better off staying at the Bellagio or The Aria. If you're bringing you're 3 kids and you don't mind walking a bit to get everywhere interesting, New York New York would be perfect for you.
4	First time in Vegas. New York New York is the only hotel I've been in this far and it's pretty awesome. There's little cities in here! This place is huge. Went to Coyote Ugly, (which is in this hotel) that super fun. There are plenty of food options and majority are open very late (woo!)The rooms are nice. We got a suite and the bathtub is soooo nice. Great way to treat your feet at the end of the night.
3	I read a number of reviews and was a little concerned about my booking.  I normally stay at the ARIA and am certainly use to what I get there.  I was attending Vegas on a conference and use some of my comps to stay at the New York New York.  The rate I had will not add value to your decision on booking.  Here is what might help.  Check In was quick even though I could not find the VIP desk.  I was in a room on the 17th floor of the New York tower.  The room was in great shape and very clean.  It had everything I expected from a Vegas MGM resorts room.  I had asked the front desk to get me away from the noise and that is how I ended up on the 17th floor.  That said the noise from the coaster is very annoying.  I think maybe the 34th floor if it exists might have helped.  Since the coaster runs around the hotel I am not sure you can escape it.  If you are not looking to get to sleep earlier don't worry about it....it seems to end around midnight.   The only issue that I have and cant seem to get a reply on is the rate I was charged.  I was asked if I wanted to be billed in CDN funds and I said yes.  I think I have been charged over 30% when my card would have charged about 12%.  I have tried to call the number provided and was on hold for way to long....so I tried to use the email that they provided and I have not heard back.  I will refuse to be charged a criminal exchange rate.....if I can confirm that is what they have done....so far I can only trust what little information I have been provided when I used the online checkout....if they ever answer me I suspect I can get it resolved.  The hotel experience was just fine and I would be cautious of believing all the negative that I read.
4	got free 2 night offer from here . love that it's convenient located on the strip. the room were nice and we also got 20 $ in free play. the only negative is , that they charge you a 20 $ per day resort fee , even though you got the rooms for free.
5	Finally getting to put in a review but of all the properties I've stayed in Vegas, NYNY is by far the most convenient and fun =). Through MyVegas, thy lover and I got 2 nights comped in their Park Ave room. Would've love to stay longer but life called for us to go back home. Either way the two nights there has definitely convinced us to return.What I love about this hotel is that the staff is SUPER DUPER friendly and courteous! Being the tourist that I was, I went to check in at the WRONG LINE, which I believe was for VIP type guests but guess what, they still helped me out. After checking in, I saw a long ass line with a bunch of people waiting about 50 feet away. Oops but your bad =P***BTW, we got a nice corner room facing errrthang bc I mentioned to the desk guy it was me and thy lover's first time in Vegas together (true story so we did not have to pay the rip off $50 upcharge for a corner and strip view)***As opposed to the other hotels I've stayed at, this location has more of a "we want you to enjoy your stay with us" vibe. It's smaller than a lot of other places so I felt it was more of a REAL stay for vacation rather than there to party, gamble and go home type feel.Anyways quick pros & cons:Pros:- Friendly staff- Family friendly especially if you got kids (they have an awesome arcade)- Easy to access a bunch of places on the strip- Nice clean room- Parking garage isn't a b***h to get to unlike other places if you need/forget something in your carCon:- Limited selection of quick food joints (mainly dine in)Ooooo another story, I pretty much lost a few hundos gambling at other casinos but my LAST $20 make it all up on this cool slot machine in NYNY. You the bomb!
4	Love the food area, looks like a miniature New York. Lots of good shops. Has a bridge to the MGM Grand. The magic shop is worth a look.
4	I had booked and paid for this trip months ago, so I honestly cannot remember what our stay cost.  My wife and I were involved in the planning of a large charity event and had planned this trip as both a reward and something to look forward to as we did the grueling work on the event.  On average, we go to Vegas 2 to 4 times a year.  Due to our work schedules we tend to go on Sundays- Thursdays.  This was our first time checking in on a Friday so when I saw the line at the front desk, my enjoyment of our trip was already in jeopardy.  The front desk had all windows open though and the line moved fairly quickly.  Check-in itself thought was surprisingly quick and efficient.  I was surprised that there was no talk of a room deposit.  This is the first time that I have booked a trip like this with American Express so I don't know if that had anything to do with it, but we were checked in MUCH quicker that those around us.Unlike many places in Vegas, the elevators were located near the front desk so we did not have to walk all of the way through the casino.  Bag service was prompt, especially for a Friday during prime check-in time.Our jacuzzi room was clean and spacious.  Everything functioned well except for the television which pixelated on most of the stations making watching tv nearly impossible.  This is an issue only because I tend to wake up well before my wife and am looking for something to do.  Valet service was prompt enough with no excessive waiting. We checked out via in-room television which went seamlessly.  All in all, I would stay at NY NY again and would recommend it to others.
4	Nice and friendly atmosphere great for people with children. The roller coaster was super fun and the cuisine was amazing. My room was clean and and comfortable.
5	Loved this place and the vibe. The New York theme is charming. A great place for my first trip to Vegas. It's also connected to the MGM which is nice.
1	My boyfriend and I decided to come here to try our luck at the roulette tables here and this place is the worse casino ever to gamble.  When we walked in we noticed that NOBODY was here gambling but that didn't stop us.  We went to a roulette table where it was a $10 minimum and decided to play.  First off the tables seemed filthy and dirty with stains all over like they don't know how to take care of their tables.  My boyfriend accidentally spilled his beer on the table and the dealer looked at him with a disgusted look and rolled her eyes at him and off top that was the first negative thing I noticed.  He continued to play at the same table and was standing at the corner of the edge of the table where its hard to reach all the numbers on the other side.  Usually when he can't reach all the numbers he gives his chips to the dealer and tells her which numbers he wants his chips placed (which is NEVER EVER a problem at any other casino but here) and after a couple of times she seemed very snobby and gave him attitude about it.  She actually told my boyfriend to move closer to the middle so that she wouldn't have to place any of his chips for him because it was so hard for her to do! I guess it was so difficult for her to do because that means she would have to pay attention to what's going on with the game.  After she told my boyfriend to move with such harsh attitude that's when we decided to leave! Worse customer service ever!!!!!!! Who the hell hires these people?! And they wonder why people don't gamble at their casino.  New York, New York please get your sh!t together.  I will never be coming back here for anything.  Worse casino ever.
1	These people are deceiving & cheats! They promise you certain deals then do not honor them. We had to spend our limited time by going to the front desk 3 times to fight for all their hidden charges. Read the fine print!!! They deny they ever said things! Record them if you go here, we will never stay here again!
4	This is my home away from home when in Las Vegas . I guess the New Yorker in me calks out to visit here. I love the atmosphere, though the  drinks in some of the bars can get pricey, the lobby bar is the most reasonable. I love the New York decore, it's a must stop for me .
2	This hotel gets 3 stars. If you are expecting a luxurious hotel, this is not the place to stay. Book a room at the Mirage for that. They have much nicer rooms for the same price. We got the king suite. Very tiny. Not good if you will be spending most of your time in your room. But if you want a cheaper place to stay and will be out and about while you stay here, the NYNY would be adequate.
3	I had pretty low expectations for this property and was pleasantly surprised!Don't expect accomodatations along the lines of Wynn or Venetian (I'd be more apt to compare NY, NY with Planet Hollywood or TI) but this resort did not disappoint during our one-night stay in October 2014.We stayed here for Red Bull Air Race for one night (company paid--we paid for Friday at the Trump) and had a fairly easy time checking in with a pre-paid room, even though the line was long. The associates checked in guests quickly and efficiently and gave us clear and concise information on the hotel, amenities, policies, and directions to our room. The property itself is a lot cleaner than I remember, but I haven't been to this part of the strip in years (it definitely caters more towards families/tourists vs. the northern side of the strip that's a bit more geared toward the party crowd). The casino was lively and there were plenty of food options within the resort.We had a room with no view, which was fine because we were barely there the one night. The windows did have a weird red tint which was a little annoying but not bothersome when the curtains were closed. The room was pretty standard--don't expect a massive layout or lots of luxury. The bed was comfy and there were plenty of easily-accessible outlets (which is surprisingly rare!). The bathroom was pretty basic and the toiletries were ok. The water pressure was actually much better than some of the pricier resorts I've stayed at!Room service was surprisingly cheap and very fast, albeit standard diner-tasting food.  They deliver pizzas late which we definitely utilized post-club (it came REALLY fast!).Parking was really easy as well. One bonus for a Kings fan from LA--they actually had Fox Sports West in their cable package so I got to watch my game! (although it wasn't HD--crappy quality hockey is better than no hockey!)New York, New York wouldn't be my first choice when staying in Vegas but I certainly would not rule it out when looking for a cheap, no-frills stay.
3	We checked in with ease yesterday.  While checking out the view from our room there was a light knock at the door I thought it was next door so I didn't open it. Next thing I know someone is opening our door.  The lady said it was a room check. Weird we have never had that happen.  Decided to watch the Seahawks game but since we are in cardinals nation we had to go to one of the bars downstairs. Fine.  Met some great people and seahawks won.  Even better.  Put 5 bucks in the slots came ahead 12.00. Put 1 more in the big slots won 4 more(then lost it in a different big slot).  All in all so far no major complaints.  Room is clean bathroom looks clean. View is nice although it really sounds like new York with the street noise. But hey we are in vegas right.
5	I very much enjoyed our stay here. They check in process was really easy and the guy was really nice. We had a very spacious room with a decent view. We had a comfortable bed, staff was great, food selection was great, everything was really, really nice. I'd stay here again.
2	The free wifi might as well not exist, it works intermittently and is incredibly slow despite full signal. The jacuzzi closes at 5 pm, which is absurd.
5	We didn't stay here but we came to visit specifically for the coaster. It was absolutely amazing. The price is about $14 a person but they do sell all day passes for about $25. Definitely a must do.
4	Some would say that New York - New York is a little passe, but I would disagree. This is one of the most fun hotels in Vegas. This review is purely on the attractions and casino floor because I've never stayed here, but I'm seriously thinking about it for next time. It's a great location - right in the centre of the strip, not far from MGM, Caesars, Planet Hollywood etc so you can walk right on in. One of my favourite things about it is the little fake new york neighbourhood, with the shops and cafes. There is a mexican restaurant somewhere there which makes awesome guacamole and even better sangria. I forget the name. My next favourite thing is the goddamn rollercoaster. Which goes THROUGH the casino and is genuinely terrifying. Definitely buy the all day pass (it's like the price of 2 rides) because you will 100% want to go on it more than once, and then it means you can skip the queue for second/third/fourth visits. Love it here. I'm sure to swing by every time i'm in town.
3	I have been wanting to stay at NYNY for the longest time! I'm glad I finally got the chance to book a room here! I went for the Madison Deluxe room and upon arriving after booking through my MLife membership I was greeted by a nice representative! I originally booked for a king but was told they were all out! So because of the request not being granted I was able to get two queens on a high floor providing a very nice strip view as well as a view of the roller coaster! The room itself was very spacious and provided everything i needed just for the short stay! The bathroom is rather small and the fact that the ice machine didn't work was super annoying!! I waited an hour and returned thinking that maybe it needed time to make the ice but this still didn't work! I wasn't going to go to a different floor for ice either! Other than the ice drama and the bathroom being way too small the overall stay was just okay! Maybe I'll try booking the suite with the whirlpool in the middle of the room next time..
5	It's sort of hard to read a review about a hotel in Vegas.?I have stayed at this hotel dozens of times it's one of my favorite places to stay. It's right across from MGM and it's right off the strip. They have a very nice food court of different restaurants and a lot of little shops. Honestly all the employees I've ever run into here are all very nice. I don't recall ever having a problem with the service at this hotel they've always been very accommodating even giving us a discount on the rooms and things to do out in Vegas. One downside is coming off the elevator from the parking garage there's always a very odd smell when you're walking down the bridge. Parking here is free it seems pretty busy but usually can find a parking space. It's your first time here I would keep her car parked and take a cab or walk so much easier. There's plenty of cabs always waiting in front of the hotel. Rooms are really nice try to get a view of the strip . on the top floors is really nice usually a little more quiet. Staying on the bottom floors it usually gets pretty loud at night with people getting in and partying. Really really comfortable beds. nice flat screen TV. No coffee maker but there is a Starbucks downstairs.
3	Solid 3 stars,  New York , I Love YouBut you're bringing me downLike a rat in a cagePulling minimum wageNew York, you're perfectDon't please don't change a thingYour mild billionaire mayor'sNow convinced he's a kingNew York, I Love YouBut you're freaking me outNew York, I Love YouBut you're bringing me down  $5 black jack
4	There was some  hesitation in voting the 4th star here, but like many other things, it wasn't as average as a 3, and not as great as a 4.  And since Yelp refuses to give us use of a 1/2 star, I am forced to round, and as this was a very enjoyable 3.5 star experience, it goes up to 4.We booked a room here for the Rock n Roll Marathon and Half Marathon weekend.  It wasn't our first choice, but we waited way too long to book the room, and by the time we pulled the trigger, it was either here or the MGM, which is where we stayed the last time.  I like the MGM, but we decided that we could save a lot of money here, and it would be some place new, so worth taking the risk.Neither of us had high expectations.  We looked at it like a Quality Inn or some similar quality hotel, just bigger (Vegas style).  We were wrong. Firstly, I booked the room using 2 methods.  3 of our nights were booked using myvegas comps from facebook.  Been playing those freaking games for a year, and it paid off.  Got 3 rooms for free, except for taxes and resort fees.  The 4th night I booked through the race website and got probably 30-40% off.  Unfortunately, because I wanted to use my freebies on the most expensive nights, it ended up being 3 reservations (thurs/Fri, Sat, and then Sun).  I heard stories that the hotel would make you check out and check back in each day, and possibly switch rooms.  However, that was not our experience.  The booking agents through myvegas and the race were able to link the reservations so that when we showed up to check in, the front desk clerk basically merged them all and we never even had to go back down to re-check in each day.  In fact, the only hiccup was the information housekeeping received apparently showed the checkout on Saturday, but they knocked and then left when I explained they were mistaken.  No harm done.So - customer service was fantastic.  As for the rooms - really comfortable.  Beds were easy to sleep in, linens were soft.  Rooms weren't huge, but spacious enough (we were in a "Park Avenue King," basically their smaller room (400 sq. ft +/-)).  Large bathrooms with awesome showers (hot and strong water pressure).  My only complaint about the room is that we were over the roller coaster and could hear it and people screaming whenever it was running.  Not very loud, and it didn't keep me awake for long, but you could hear it in the background.  Tip for you would be to ask if your room is over the coaster, and if so, try to get a higher floor so maybe it will be more muted (we were on the 17th).  And wifi was free (well, it was included in your resort fee, but some places don't give you wifi with your resort fee).The rest of the hotel was fine.  The casino isn't huge, but I found tables to play at easily enough with room.  As this is NY NY and not Wynn or Bellagio, they had plenty of $10 limit and other low limit tables.  It was fairly easy to get in and out of the hotel (i.e., unlike MGM, you didn't have to walk for 20 minutes just to get to the front door).  Our check in and check out was very quick and smooth, but we arrived at 8:00 PM and left at 8:00 AM, so timing might have had something to do with that.  The sportsbook looked comfortable, but I didn't spend any time in there (plenty of screens and TVs, like you would expect).I only ate at the Broadway Burger Bar and reviewed that separately.  We otherwise didn't spend any time in the hotel.  I did use their coffee stand for some coffee and tea (not starbucks, thank god, but that may have been somewhere else in the hotel).  Both the coffee and tea were very good.  Trying to remember what brand tea they served, and I can't, but I do remember it being high quality.  The only other thing to comment on is that this simply looked like a fun hotel.  Every night down on the casino floor were people cheering and laughing and having fun.  There is a bar by the room elevators that does dueling pianos, and it was constantly packed with people singing along.  Only draw back is I heard they charged an obnoxious cover for a lobby bar - even with entertainment.  I'd stay here again.  I'll probably want to try someplace new for my next trip, but I will definitely keep NY NY in mind as a fallback.
2	New York - New York was: Stinky, Crowded, Loud, Overpriced and Dirty/Rundown.Still it was a decent experience but we won't be back because of the above.Some Redeeming qualities:The Hotel Staff - Hard workers that labor in the above environment.Location - Good part of the stripThe Roller-Coaster and Coney Island are neat additions that my kids enjoyed.  MGM should spend some money and renovate NY NY and not just use it as a cash cow.
3	This has been one of the south-strip staple locations to see for years. The main attraction here is actually the roller coaster and the game room for kids. The casino floor itself is not huge but its not too small - it does have some modern touches after a recent renovation about 2 years ago and they are currently working on redoing something near the entrance that is near the sports book (I was here the weekend of Nov. 21-23 2014) The casino can be a bit hard to figure out as it can circle you around a bit. The upstairs attraction is the Coyote Ugly bar which can get crowded quickly and seems to turn into a mess of young people - not exactly one of the more better established bar/clubs that are on the vegas strip but it has been a staple to the New York New York for about 10 years or so.I have never had much luck in the casino here - not sure if its what I was playing but I have seen winners come out of this place so it may be a place to try if you feel like bank rolling some of the table games. A nice touch here is the lack of smoke in the casino itself compared to some of the others in the area. Give this place a walk through the next time you are in.
2	Thin walls.terrible view from the dirty window, rooms FAR away from the elevator,no refrigerator in the room, loud vacuum from the maids, Took forever for the toothpaste to arrive.un friendly staff when you check in, I'm the guest remember?free wifi? its really NOT free if you're charging your guest $22.00  a night for a "resort fee"WHAT A SCAM!!!
5	This hotel was super cheap to stay at during the off season. Came here with my girlfriend in November and it was $45 a night !!! Great atmosphere within the hotel and I loved the interior design. The main floor is a casino but if you go up to the second level, there is an arcade. That is also where the entrance to the roller coaster is located. They had some great games at the Arcade too. You can also find Hersey's Chocolate World attached to the hotel. I think this is a new attraction since I don't recall seeing it in the past before.We booked the most basic room you could find and it was very welcoming. Had all the amenities we would expect, AC, Cable, Free Wi-Fi, King Size clean bed, Sofa and great window view of the roller coaster.My only gripe with this hotel as with any other place in Vegas is that the food was very expensive. They did have a Pizza place that was super cheap to eat at. All the other places charged on average $15-25 per person. That's what you would expect to pay if you went anywhere on the strip. I won't knock the hotel down because of this though. The hotel had a very family friendly atmosphere and I would definitely stay here again.
5	Love this hotel check-in is at three the roller coaster is cool and the atmosphere is really nice ! It is one of the older hotels but is cute  ! The shoping and food is hella good !
4	Stayed here for 3 nights last week and I have no complaints. Short distance between parking lot and your actual room, that's always a plus. I love how big Vegas hotels are, but sometimes after a long day of walking on the Strip you don't really want to walk another 30 min from your car to your room. Standard rooms are a little on the small side but that's not a problem for me. Why do you need all that floor space anyway? (Cough cough, Venetian) Front desk was very nice and polite; she waved our first night's resort fee because we got there super late at night. The only thing I dislike is their location. The hotel is a bit more South than the hotels I usually stay at, and that means further distance from hotels such as Bellagio and Caesar's Palace. For a more centralized location on the Strip, you're better off staying at Paris or Planet Hollywood.As far as dining options, NYNY has everything from quick bites like Nathan's hot dogs to an upscale restaurant like Gallagher's Steakhouse. We had a $35 dining credit and used it at their Irish pub, Nine Fine Irishmen. Pretty much ate for (almost) free. Overall, can't beat this hotel for the value. I had a free night from myVegas, got the other two nights from an Expedia deal, so I stayed for three nights for under $200, that's including resort fee. I'm definitely coming back!
2	Rude craps dealers talking all kinds of mess to you and ruining your rolling of the dice making you crap for nothing ...  This one again gentleman who I will keep nameless was working there yesterday morning and had the worst attitude in the world.. He gave me a bunch of crap for rolling short like I can actually control where the dice go!!!  I throw the same way every time if they land a certain way don't give me a bunch of lip and ruin my roll please thanks...
1	Most likely won't stay here again because of the experience.Even though the price is great, the trouble wasn't worth it.I discovered bed bugs on my bed, so I slept with my clothes on.Too tired to complain that day since I've been walking everywhere.On top of that, the front desk accidentally charged me twice for my room..I caught the first one when I was checking out. They refunded me for the first one, then I realized they charged me again once I got back to my hometown.I had to email billing dispute and wait for another week for a reply & a refund.Too much problem & the bed was filthy. Gross. Make sure to check your bed, cause I always do.Won't be coming back.
3	For the amount of you pay, the locations a steal. We checked in twice over the course of a week and both times our rooms were upgraded (once to a strip view and once to a deluxe) upon check in and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful.We stayed in the Chrysler tower for the majority of our stay. If you're traveling with a lot of bags/kids/things that need to be lugged or pushed, enlist the help of the bell desk as it can be a maze to get to your room. We stayed on the 21st floor and I swear a vent from some burger place shot right up into the hallway. The room didn't have a fridge or microwave, and the bathroom looked like it could use some upgrading, but the beds were so plush and comfortable.....I'm also pretty convinced the room we were staying in was haunted. The bathroom light turned on and off and so did the TV. Also we would come back to a completely dark room at night when we distinctly remember leaving a light on.......Other than the ghosts its a pretty decent place to stay. Casino doesn't get too crowded and there's Hersey's World!
3	I stayed here with my girlfriend because her daughter got room for her birthday.  This hotel is pretty old and need renovation in a few months. it was a clean room and the beds were comfortable.  They do not offer shuttle to and from hotel.
3	Enjoyed my stay. Was in a "Player's Suite". The casino is friendly enough and the choices for relatively inexpensive food inside the casino were good especially when compared to other Hotel/Casino's on the strip.  ...Check in and check out were easy and efficient. Location across from MGM Grand is convenient. Valet service was fast. I would stay here again if $$$ was a concern.
3	Clean but no real amenities. No coffee or tea in the room, no refrigerator, etc. For this amount of money, I want more!
4	This is a nice hotel to check out as they have area designed as if you were walking on the streets of NY and they have dining options on that street from quick bites to upscale restaurant depending on what you want to pay and eat.I went to eat their on my first night and tried The original Fulton Fish Frye... it was quite good and easy on the pocket. Plus the experience to be sitting on the streets on NY and eating Fish and Chips was quite good.
