5	Outstanding new nightlife venue with a talent roster that is second to none...
5	This is going to be THE new hotspot to be at and to be seen at for sure! Once you can make it past all the lines and up the long elevetor ride, you are in for THE biggest treat of new nightlife in whole Las Vegas! Been there 3 times already for the full service (yep I work for the group :)) and it is SO devine! The main dancefloor is awesome, the huge high def screens behind the dj are awesome! The light and sound is top of the art and the pool area promises the best pool parties to come for next year.Since i only been with my people working there and the mock service I cant say anything about the crowd. BUT you MUST go!
2	I can't really say I like or dislike the club itself BUT I can say they really need to work on their management of their guest more.  I understand it's a new club and that Kaskade was performing that night and I didn't have a ticket and was in the general admission line.  I got there about 9pm and the line was fairly long as I expected.  There was also a line for invited guests/VIP and also a separate line for people who bought tickets before the event.  When I went into line some people were I talked to were telling me they were waiting downstairs for over an hour before someone from the hotel or club told them the actual line was upstairs on the 2nd floor.  Luckily I wasn't one of those people.  But I did end up waiting in line for 5 hours and I had to leave at 2am since my friends wanted to head home and they weren't with me to try and attend the event.  Anyways.  When I did finally leave I was about 5 feet away from the front.  I noticed that there was still people in the "Ticket" line and it was longer than the general admission line at that point.  I felt sad for those who payed already and they were still waiting in line at 2am to get in still.  I really hope they don't treat their future guests this way.Just make sure you come in really early if you want to get in this club unless you're an invited guest.  And make sure your on the 2nd floor and not the first cuz they may make you wait an hour or two before anyone tells you your on the wrong floor.
4	Came here last night on New Years Day to celebrate grand opening weekend and see Kaskade who I just can't get enough of.  Luckily, my group had hookups and we were able enter the club anytime.  HOWEVER, I did get dinner at China Poblano around 8pm (separate review - 2 stars) which is in front of the Marquee entrance and wow...the line was LONG!!!  Wrapped way down the hallway and for it being only 8pm, I was surprised.  Granted, it was opening weekend, but still.  I can imagine that anyone who writes a review based on waiting in that line will give the club 1 star or something.  The line looked awful, and Marquee has a strict dress code, so NO SNEAKERS GUYS!  I bet a lot of guys were turned away after waiting in that long line because they were wearing sneakers.  Anyway, my crew rolled up around midnight and were walked right in.  Ladies were $20 and guys were $50 (this could have been an opening night price list especially with kaskade performing).  The layout is very windy and spread out kind of like a maze.  I remember getting lost multiple times just because it's not spread out flat like XS is.  The dance floor is in the middle surrounded by tables that are kind of elevated up similar to a cirque del soleil layout.  There is a large outside area that was surprisingly open for it being so cold last night (35 degrees).  There is also an upstairs that is more of a loungy area that is called the library (from what I remember at least).  A good part about the club being so spread out and maze-like is that there are a lot of different areas for people to hang and drink.  I think that once the initial buzz gets worn out, it'll be easier to get in for the general public.  I'm excited that kaskade will be spinning there regularly though!  I'll definitely be going back when he's there.
5	I attended Marquee on New Years Day.I've been to quite a few nightclubs in vegas over the years and let me explain why I am giving it 5 stars.The doormen were incredibly kind. Almost to the point where we thought it was weird. Usually they are looking to get greased like at XS and Pure.The wait was reasonable but only because we got there at 8 and it opened at 9. We got in around 9:30. Of course we could have greased the doorman but if we are going to make it in before 11 then why bother.Good looking crowd. At one point I found myself realizing that every female at this place was gorgeous. The waitresses, bartenders, and dancers are all dimes too.This place is HUGE. 3 floors. The top floor has a nice chill area to play some pool or go out onto a loft to watch the whole crowd. The dance floor with Kaskade DJing is the flagship. The outdoor area is really nice with the pools and all. Smart move to make it a day club too. Something for everyone here.Not sure how long this kind of spectacle will last as things change but hope you enjoy your time.I've left the email and number of one of the VIP Hosts:Brad Spieser513-312-6584Brad.Spieser@marqueelasvegas.com
5	I came here on New Years day to see Kaskade do his thing and it was quite the show! I got here at 10pm and little and behold, the line is crazy long. I tried to get a hold of my host that I know here but no luck, probably due to opening weekend.After my stay in line, we get in. The club setup itself is divided into the main floor, The Library and another room in which i forget the name. The main floor is where the headlining DJ will be playing and it is strictly EDM (electronic dance music). The Library is up a few flights of stairs and plays mostly hip hop. It has a few chairs to lounge around and a pool table if i remember correctly but no dance floor. The other room is a top 40 room and with a dance floor. It was a decent sized room for people to get their party on.However the 5 star rating is mostly due to the awesome show that Kaskade put on. He went on at 1am and didn't stop spinning until 9AM!!!!THAT'S AN 8 HOUR SET PEOPLE!!! The visuals on the led screen along with the other affects made this one heck of a show. The lineup of DJs that they have scheduled is crazy. Some notable names include ATB, Chuckie, Morillo, Kaskade, Roger Sanchez, Above n Beyond, EC Twins and Benny Benassi. If your a fan of EDM, this is the spot to be I cant wait to see how the DayClub once it opens up this summer!
5	The place is perfect size and crowded... but who doesn't like rubbing elbows with beautiful people:)The back of the club opens up to an outdoor pool and bar....with cabanas and see through jacuzzis.Drink pours are worth the money and the talent is insane.Kaskade upped himself and played from 1am until 10am when everyone couldn't dance anymore.The LCD screen is high tech and mind altering!  And the it turns into a stage/platform that girls dance on!The sound system is also very impressive! There is a tremendous amount of thought and care that went into the design and functionality of this place!  And it is located in my new favorite hotel!, Cosmo!I will most definitely will be back and cannot wait for summer!
4	The newest addition to the strip and thus a bitch to get in. Especially on NYE/NYD/opening weekend. Usually this means waiting in intolerable long lines, paying peak period cover charges (yes, ladies, too) & perhaps not even getting in. It's times like this when it pays to know people who can make miracles happen. I wouldn't even bother coming, otherwise. Let me take this opportunity to extend my appreciation to all the rad people working in town who help facilitate the fun & minimize the bullshit. Everyone knows I don't do lines or cover..which is why I don't go places unless I have a connection. So, thank you to all of my friends in town.So, Marquee..not as big as I envisioned. You take an elevator down to the main room (2nd level), which is the largest of the 3..strictly house/edm with a bananas sound system & all kinds of fancy lights/lcd screen flashiness going on. 3rd level is the boom box room: dark, simple and hip hop. 1st level is the library..decor is self explanatory..a good amount of leather seating and a pool table. Loungey music. There is a catwalk you can enter from this level that overlooks the main room below. This is the room my group & I stayed at for the duration of the night/morning on NYE/NYD..and we didn't leave until after 6 in the morning or so. Morillo was spinning and he didn't stop until about 10 a.m. from what I hear. That's one great thing about spending NYE in Vegas versus L.A.: The party doesn't stop two short hours after midnight. On NYD night, my girl, Chanel D. flew in and I took here here for our 3rd stop of the night. Again, stayed until about 6 a.m. Both nights got in with no sweat. Had a great time dancedancedancing the night away. Had a blast. One of the best NYE/NYD's I've had. Looking forward to checking out the dayclub portion come spring/summer time with my beautiful ladies. That means you, Marian B. And you, Chanel D. And you, Sade J. And you, Joanie G. + giraffe fam. Ah, nightlife. Always in it for the dancing & good times with the girls and shunning all the douchebags, assholes & jerk-offs.  Since 2010.This is your friendly fitness whore, Joy B. signing off until next time. See you soon! :)
5	Marquee is the newest club to hit Vegas and it is ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE. A gorgeous club full of gorgeous people! My girls and I agreed that it would be very, very hard for any other place to top it... it was that epic.The main room will blow you away with its 40 foot LED DJ booth, but make sure you check out all three levels, including the Boombox and the Library - you will be wowed by it all. The Boombox is a smaller underground club with a separate DJ, and the Library is more of an intimate lounge area hidden behind the massive LED screen - complete with pool tables, vintage books and offers more craft cocktails. And if you need to cool off, head outside, where you'll be impressed by the incredible backdrop of City Center views and the fabulous pool cabanas with see-through jacuzzis. We received rockstar treatment from beginning to end, and were fortunate to be walked right in. The GA line was scary long. We ended up dancing the night away at the VIP booth right next to the DJ booth, so it almost seemed like we were go-go dancers on stage. It was ATB's first night of residency and it was so amazing to be right there with him. His set was totally nostalgic - remember "Till I Come"?! - we were partying like it was 1999! The dance floor was completely packed with a high energy crowd.Marquee has really taken the Vegas club to a new level. AMAZE-BALLS!!
3	Single & ready to mingle...?After knowing how much time the crowd waited in line to get into this nightclub, I think everyone had that mindset "What ever happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."This place by far, has the most social-able, friendly, go-getter crowd I have ever experienced in comparison to other lively nightclubs. (It might of been just this night)Maybe the outdoor scenery with plenty of cabana seatings or the unique large lamp shaped heaters around the breezy opened area or the (Thunder Women) show above the dance floor, made an influence to the crowds attitude... Haha, but with every nightclub, there are some down points to mention...For instance, this club was said to be one of the biggest clubs, maybe cause of the extended walking paths to the restrooms, dance floor, entrance to the club made this place seem wide and bigger. I say, that was my down fall of this club! Waiting in a 2 hour line around the edges of Marquee, soon to enter another line into the elevators heading above into the club, first seeing a bar and deciding which path to take (outdoor, indoor) then asking for directions to the restroom, walking a mile back into the small dance floor... Is just too overwhelming to imagine. Right? (I felt sorry for the ladies)Overall experience:_Must at least come once for the experience_Be prepared for getting around the area with its long walk-ways_Need to enjoy the whack ecstasy music _Enjoy the unforgettable outdoor area_Get ready to mingle since this place isn't really happening..."Who's counting?" (inside joke ;P)
5	I went to this nightclub last Saturday and it was mind blowing. XS is by far my favorite club in Vegas but this one comes extremely close to topping it. The outdoor patio area is amazing. It's on a higher floor than XS and has a pretty good view of the Aria/CityCenter. It also allows you to get some fresh air which is always nice. There is a bar outside and the tables outside are pretty sick too with the clear jacuzzi glasses.ATB was there on Sat and everyone was having a blast. I couldn't remember much of what happened because of the amount I drank before getting into this club. Apparently there were two sections of this club that I didn't even see.. the library and boombox at the back of the LED screen.. I had one hell of a time and I stayed there till 4! I can't believe I completely missed two sections of this club. I guess that just means I'll need to go back again.I know someone that had connections to the club so didn't have to wait but I did see outside there were a massive amount of people trying to get into this club. It IS the spot to be and you WILL wait a few hours if you don't have connection.
3	This club is brand-spankin' new and obviously has some kinks to work out. Warning to anyone attempting to come here with anything but a pack of girls: be prepared for at least a two hour wait, even if you get there at 9:00, and even if you're on the guest list. Also, you won't be able to get it without bottle service (~$1500 for 3 bottles the worst tables outside) if you don't have an even ratio of guys to girls. The line outside had to be breaking some sort of fire code with the massive hoard of hot, sweaty, cramped people gathered on the second floor of the Cosmopolitan. I can't stress how un-awesome that was.Once we finally were escorted inside, I was shocked that instead of putting us in the elevator to get to the club, they led a group of ~20 people to the STAIRWELL and had us climb 4 flights of stairs. W.T.F. They said it was to get people in the club faster - bull $h!t. I waited two hours in 4" heels - you better carry my @$$ up these stairs!Once we finally got into the club, it was indeed amazing. The design has a very spacious industrial feel to it. There is lots of space, occupied by tons of people. The stairwell put us into the smaller Boombox Room, with DJ Lisa Pittman spinning with DJ Eric DLux (from Power 106 in LA... whoop whoop!) We checked it out for a bit and found fresh air outside that room.We went upstairs to the main dancefloor that lead to the outside area where we could smoke our cigar. That whole floor is huge, and really fun. Outside by the pool has got to be my favorite area (beside the Boombox Room), because of the fresh air, awesome views of Aria & City Center, the nice decor, & good music.Overall, the club needs some work... I'll be happy to come back when they get their $h!t straight. Until the wait and the elevator situation are remedied, I'd much rather party at the other awesome clubs in Vegas that have it down. It was nice to check it out though!
5	this is the club to go in Vegas, if you're not a girl you'll probably have to spend a huge amount of cash to get in , or wait in line forever, or possibly both. I mean i've been to clubs, but this is it. I was there the night ATB was playing and I really couldn't get enough. The was like a fire show, with women spitting fire out of the bras, and they looked good! I think that everything about this club says vegas, its over the top and the music was phenomenal.must go
4	So I went to Marquee New Years Day or rather the 2nd day of the new year, being that it was 2am.You have to take an elevator from the bouncer to the actual club. Then you are greeted by another bouncer : ) There are three rooms:1st room- the "hip hop room" was ok. Didn't see any hot guys and the floors were super sticky from the spills. Stuck around maybe 5 mins.2nd room: the "main room" was super crowded. So hard to just walk in the door. Music was so loud I couldn not hear a word anyone said. Lol. House music. Hung out maybe 15 min.3rd room- "the library" has pool tables and areas to sit and lounge. Played fun music. I danced to old school Bobby Brown. Things got interesting here. And that's where my review ends.What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
4	After checking out the Cosmo and loving every inch of the hotel, I was uber excited to see what their nightclub had in store for us.From what I've read on Twitter, it seems like a house kinda of club w/ house DJs (which isn't normally my thing) so, when I heard DJ Vice was gonna kick off it's "Industrt night" (for locals) on Mondays, I WAS ALL ABOUT IT.I wasn't expecting too much since the last time I had high expectations for a club (HAZE @ Aria), I was disappointed.But, Marquee was a pleasure. Very reminiscent of Tao. Which is to be expected since it's run by Tao Group.And like Tao, it's super spacious and dark. And from what my guy friends said: THERE ARE GIRLS EVERYWHERE!!! THE GUY TO GIRL RATIO IS 3 TO 1.So guys, if that's what you're looking for (DUH! Stupid question. It's Vegas). Then, here ya goooo.The cool thing is there are more than 1 room in the club that plays different music from the main room, since there are 3 floors. (From what I remember!!?!??! Forgive me -- it was all a blurrr). One room is the Library room with pool tables, a sit down area, and waitresses dresses as school girls (DUH.)There's the main room with a big dance floor and ability to see everyone on the dancefloor with the way they did the floorplan.My absolute favorite part of Marquee was the pool area/top floor. SO PRETTY w/ all the cabanas and palm trees! Reminds me of Drais LA's pool deck. I cannot wait to see what the Day Club will bring us in the summer.You'll be sure to see me at Marquee every industry night. Mondays will never be the same. GidddyUpppppp
3	this place was alright...they definitely have a few things they need to work out. the line up outside this place on a saturday night is pretty impressive. it seemed a bit unorganized though. getting inside was even more unimpressive...i thought you were supposed to get into some fancy elevators to get to the club? instead we were ushered through some side door and up MANY flights of stairs to the club...kinda ghetto and its only a matter of time before some drunk girl in 4 inch heels falls and breaks her neck. the club itself is huge, the main dancefloor is crazy and plays house/electronica. there were two other rooms, the library and the boombox...both played hip hop/top 40. the two rooms were extremely small compared to the main room. the outdoor patio/pool area is really nice. this club is definitely cray cray, exactly the way vegas should be. i don't think i will be venturing back to this place anytime soon though...maybe when the hype dies down a bit. =P
3	Came here with a bunch of friends in January to see ATB perform. Not going to lie, ATB opening was pretty sick-nasty! However, he didn't come on until 2 a.m. and if you even want to get into the club without having to wait you gotta come at like 9-10 p.m. Another group of friends attempted coming in at 11 p.m. and they said they waited at the front of the line for 2 hours before they just gave up and left. AND it was a group of all girls.The club itself is beautifully decorated. It's in the Cosmopolitan so you can't expect anything less. There are three floors to the club; the library, the club, and something else (we never got to it). Obviously, most of the people there stuck on the club floor. The dance floor is tiny... There is no way you won't find yourself humping a 360 degree radius in that club. And the fact that it's Vegas means everyone is a douche about it. Pushing, shoving, cursing, etc. The patio/balcony area was very nice however. Great view of the Strip, functioning outdoor bar, lounging area, pool and heaters. The heaters are where everyone ended their nights.The music was decent. The cruddy part was by the time ATB actually made it to the stage, half the club was already exhausted and some of my friends had left. He opened up with a bang, played some house music that kind of mellowed out the mood. And then picked it up again towards the end. It was a fun night, but I expected more from a Vegas club.
4	Typical Vegas club with 3 levels of hip hop/house music.  Make sure to arrive early as this is the newest club on the strip inside the swanky and glitzy glam Cosmopolitan.  Useful tip:  Promoters hang around the Queue Bar on the casino floor around 8:30pm-9ish and they seemed to be giving out free wrist bands and stamps to girls and guys chilling there.  Open bar til 10pm with anything and everything your thirsty little heart desires.  NIIIICE!!We were led into an elevator to the 2nd floor and once the doors opened, we were greeted by attractive waitresses holding trays of beer and wine.  All complimentary!  Snazzy!  Loved the VIP treatment!Sexy mixed crowd.  Cramped dance floor.  Spacious and stunning outside patio.  We were definitely impressed with the outstanding service and beautiful decor. Glad I got to check out the hot new club!  Drink up, shake yo booty and take in the exciting pleasures of what Marquee has to offer.  After all, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas (except for herpes) so play safe party animals!
3	Marquee is indeed very gorgeous and glamorous. You go into the Cosmopolitan and take the elevator to the 2nd floor where the entrance is. After you get your stamps, you're escorted into an elevator to the real club. Pretty awesome. The dance floor is a decent size and super high DJ booth is very exciting. At certain points they released confetti down to the crowd, which was fun. The dancers are also really attractive. The other two levels are smaller and don't seem that exciting. Looking down the balcony is pretty great.  The best part about Marquee was the abundant number of couches and chairs and seats. On the main floor there are comfy couches outside the bathroom to rest your weary feet, and stools inside the bathroom. The bathroom is stocked with candies and other little useful necessities. Our group was also able to fill out surveys for free drink tickets. NICE!Coat check was $5 per item, not as nice. -1 star for Marquee because of the crowd. The crowd was older and seemed creepier. Was not excited about the lack of attractive guys. Other than that, a great club to check out!
4	The newest Vegas club, house/electro main stage with a hip hop room and the Library.The elevators reminded me of Disneyland's Haunted Mansion. The concensus of the group agreed.Very well done and flashy. The decor is beautiful and the sights of being on the rooftop in Vegas are unparalleled.Tips:-The place is less crowded into the pool area, if you're looking for a place to lounge. -The bar by the restroom is the least crowded, so head there to grab a drink if you can.-Be careful as there will randomly be workers running through crowds trying to get cups from one place to another. It's a logistical issue that is too great to go unnoticed.-Get there early. lines can get hot with all the people. Saw someone yack and a girl in barefoot step into it. City of Sin does not disappoint.The lines are crazy. Get there at 8:30 and expect a wait of over 1.5 hours, "guest list"There are monstrous lines everywhere. Mixed crowds. However, it's really not too different from any club in LV, sans the extra glitz for being the newest cat in town.$30 for guys, which is nice in retrospect to so many other places in Las Vegas.Glowing ballet dancers on point toes with pink mohawks, epic.
3	Many things needs to be worked on. First, VENTILATION. They have the line control thing on lockdown. No leaving the line (yes ladies, even for the restroom). If you do leave and try to hop back in line with your buddies, they will kick you out to the end of the line. It just got so overly crowded that I nearly fainted from the heat. I couldn't take it. Everybody was just getting way too hot standing in the corner area!! The line got iNSANE. It went all the way down, snaked back around, then looped around the chandelier. If you're not going to have ventilation, at least allow us to drink WATER in line. They took away our BOTTLED WATER. It was seriously WATER. Thank goodness my friend gave me some before they took it away because I seriously was dizzy and lightheaded. And well, since they don't allow you to drink water in line, you better down your drinks before you get in line too because they will do 2 things: a) tell you to down your drink and then take it away or b) straight up confiscate it.  I don't know their reasoning for this, but you seriously cannot be denying people of WATER when you have a ton of people crowded into a corner and have ZERO VENTILATION. Lawsuit waiting to happen.Secondly, shady bouncer at the door. tsk tsk tsk, shame on you ahole. We had 2 groups of people and 2 of our guys in the 1st group got singled out and the bouncer told them to get back to the end of the line. For what reason? Nobody knows. They did nothing wrong. The club itself is nice..multiple levels.. but because it's multiple levels, it meant STAIRS. Lots and lots of STAIRS. You know, alcohol + stilettos is not a great combo.Trying to leave the club was a nightmare. There is no real set exit. Sure there are exit signs, but they don't really lead you to the actual exit of the club!! They just bring you to other areas.I can see this space doing extremely well when the summer comes but I don't think I want to come back for a long while...
5	Marquee is definitely one of the best clubs I've been to. Better than Surrender in my opinion. The crowd is better, and there's so many different rooms you can go into. They have an outdoor area as well, with a mini jacuuzi at each table! The only thing I want to complain about is that the second night I was there, the elevator broke and they made all of us walk up five flights of stairs! it was very unfortunate.
5	Hands down one of the hottest / Sickest clubs in Vegas..Went there opening weekend to see Kaskade, and let me tell you F#$kin AMAZING. From the decor to the sound system to the people there, its amazing...Like others said its kind of a tuffy to get in but hey that let you know ur at the right palce. gets a little crowded but its mainly with beauitful friendly people.For sure going again, hoping to go feb 12th for kaskade again, but this time im bringing ear plugs. My ears were ringing for 2 days after that one night...Well maybe its cause the Dj kept spinning til 930am... yes 930AM... insane night Thank you Marquee and Kaskade for that great night
4	Marquee in the Cosmopolitan will become the next big club in Vegas. From the moment I walked into the lobby to being in the night club. I was in awe.This club is giant, you have take an elevator up to the 6th floor and up there were 3 levels to the club. The first floor you get off of is the main dance floor where the dj is. Lots of tables and a pretty big dance floor. A long bar and the nicest bathroom ever with lots of sitting room but they don't let you sit for very long. They make you leave after a while.If you go downstairs, it's called the Boombox. A smaller dance area with another bar playing different music than the other floor. If you go up one level from the main floor, you're at the library. Definitely just a place for you to chill and rest up, again playing different music from the other floors and has its own bars and some pool tables. From that floor, there's a balcony that you can go on that is above the main dance floor and you could see everything. There's also an outside part to club by the pool? with an outdoor bar and cabana seating. We didn't stay out there very long because it was freezing but I bet it's really nice during the summer.The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is that there's not that many places to sit on the main floor. And when it gets crowded, the walk ways are almost impossible to go through without squeezing past one another.Other than those, I'll definitely be going back to this place when I get the chance especially to see Kaskade since he's made his home here for the next year! He'll be there once every month!
3	I don't get to go out all that often, so when i do (and especially when i'm going to Vegas to do it!) I expect that it's going to be worth my while. This club was insanely difficult...and we didn't even have to wait in line! But even if you're allowed immediate access, there's a line to get onto the elevator that's a little ridiculous. Granted, i understand that this club is brand new...but it was a little much. Once you get up there, it's a nightmare to try and navigate your way around there. But they play great music, the go-go dancers are awesome, and the ambience is amazing. So you can deal with the sea of people running into you. Now, MY only REAL gripe about this place is their outside bar! And their bartenders. Me and my cousin LITERALLY (we timed it) had to wait 45 minutes for the girl to even acknowledge us! Once she did....SHE FORGOT! She got distracted by some other guy at the end of the bar and we literally had to shout at her and remind her about our drinks. We are not the only people she did this too. I've never been to a nightclub where there were so many people complaining about how it didn't live up to it's hype! Once we got our very simple drinks (and we ordered 2 a piece to avoid having to go back) they were gross. If you're going to do a crappy job at least be heavy on your pour rather than weak. Plus it was quite a task with a clutch and in heels trying to not have hundreds of drunks spill your drinks! $60 for weak drinks and over 45 minutes of waiting for those bad drinks definitely took away from the glamour of this place. Other than it being crazy packed and that...it was a very cool nightclub. Would i go back? Ya...but not without a table and bottle service. Otherwise you're going to waste the majority of your night! Seriously, for the newest spot in Vegas and considering how nice the hotel is...they need to hire more bartenders and have more than one girl working each well...and preferrably more considerate ones. Then I think everyone would have a better time.
5	DRINKS ARE PRETTY CHEAP!Bought a bottled water, LA water, vodka cran, and chilled goose shot; and it was around $50. That's pretty cheap! Normally, I think drinks in any club on the strip is $20 each. Again, I had sooo much fun on their industry night -- MONDAYS ARE THE NEW FRIDAYS! ***quote me on that***
5	I went to the Marquee on January 1st full of anticipation of the unexpected. We were walked in by the very friendly doormen, and omg....i was in awe!!!! Such a great experience....the club is glamourous, i LOVE the 3 levels; the upstairs is the classy lounge with pool tables and books, the middle level is glorious where Kaskade was spinning, and the lower level had dirty hip hop :D     The staff was so friendly, it really enhanced the mood...i asked where to find the restroom, and one of the staff offered his arm and escorted me....wow! they made you feel like they wanted you there, not that they were sick of you. haha.     The crowd was also classier for the most part...beautiful layout, amazing lighting and audio visuals were epic! I'm going back in a few days...can't wait!ps the E.C. Twins are my new favorites ;)) FABULOUS!
4	The New Club in VegasBeautiful outdoor patio with pool perfect for lounging, vies, full bars, several rooms playing a variety of current club music, go-go dancers, young crowd, the line.. well it's the hottest new club in Vegas so yeah the line is not fun but the views make up it
3	If I were to solely base this review on just the layout and design of this place, it would probably be a 5, but since it includes my overall experience, it just seems that there needs improvement.Pros:* Currently the hottest club on the strip* 3 levels of dance floors* Plays Hip Hop and House* Glamorous interior and exterior designCons:* Hottest club on the strip - Overcrowded* Waited 45 minutes in line to get in. * Not enough Bartenders. Literally waited 30 minutes to get acknowledged by someone.* Heater lamps outside were not spread out. Positioned them right next to each other. It felt like my hair was gonna catch fire. * Difficult to actually dance because it was crowded and limited space on the dance floor. Since Marquee is currently the hottest club, there is an overwhelmingly large amount of people wanting to go there. I give it a couple of months and let the hype die down.  This club has a lot of potential and its located in the lavish hotel The Cosmopolitan.
5	Went to Marquee on January 1st, a day after its official opening on New Years Eve, to see Kaskade and EC Twins. Me and my friends bought presale tickets. $50 bucks for guys and $40 bucks for the girls. Knowing that it was gona be packed we got there at like 8:30 PM (club opened up at 9 PM). When we got there, there was already a huge ass line that I didnt even see the end of, but since we had presale tix our line was only like 10 people deep. A girl came by to us one on one to check our tickets that we printed out and we were inside the club within 10 min of it opening. We took an elevator to God knows what floor. Upon entering there was a bar right as we exited the elevator. Sum of us checked in our coats which was I believe 5 bux per item but don't quote me on that. Walked towards the main room after that where they play all the house music. They've got all the biggest  house Dj's in the world playin there like: Eric Morillo, Chuckie, Axwell, Kaskade, Steve Angello, Benny Bennasi, etc. There's two big bars in that main room as well as a dance floor and a shit load of tables for bottle service. In front of the dance floor is a stage like setting where the Dj's spin, and behind them is like a 40-50 ft. LCD screen. Went up to the library which was above main floor since the club was still empty. They got a bar in there with a few tables as well as a pool table which was free to play which we played a few games. Theres also a balcony looking over the dance floor of the main room. Also had a separate DJ playin hip hop. On the bottom floor, theres the Boom Box room which is bigger than the library. It has a bar, dance floor and tables surrounding the dance floor and its own dj playin hip hop.Awkward thing was when you go from floor to floor to each separate room, you have to walk  up and down these stairs which isn't good when ur drunk. Finally around midnight or so, they opened the patio in the main floor and it was beautiful. Not as big as the patio in XS, but just as nice in terms of how its decorated. During the summer time they're gona have sum rockin as pool parties in the patio area so start hitting the gym!!! Theres a bunch of cabanas and lounge areas in the patio as well as a couple of bars. One thing I noticed about Marquee is that the girls that went there were all pretty damn good looking. Not sure if it's cuz it was opening weekend and its the newest hottest club or what but i was blown away. Dont remember how much the drinks were but its vegas so you better expect to drop sum money. All in all you gotta check it out especially if you like house music, this place is built for house music on the weekends with all their lights,40 ft. led screen, and sound system. I believe monday nights they have hip hop and r&b performers. GET AT IT!
1	Way too crowded. Extremely expensive. Nothing special here, just like any other club on the Vegas strip
5	As my good friend & Yelper Paula L. deemed every place we went to @ Vegas "swanky" or "janky," the Marquee is definitely swank-ay!I absolutely enjoyed my night here as we listened to Robbie Riviera spinning, danced, and sipped on drinks next to the beautiful pools and loungey tables outside, and not to mention on the rooftop of the new Cosmopolitan hotel.  There are many bars located at this club, so if one is packed, you can linger around another, inside or outside. I can't emphasize enough how beautiful it was outdoors at night.The main dance floor was incredibly packed and it was sort of a hassle to actually step foot, and furthermore dance. That was probably the only con, but on Saturday in Vegas.. uh, what's new?There's a large and mesmerizing LED display background behind the DJ set. And although I didn't really prefer this particular DJ who only played one type of music, I still thoroughly enjoyed the music because the sound quality and atmosphere was great.Women's bathroom, no line. Amazing? Yes, kinda. But it was crowded in there. There were long couches and vanities where most girls were just lounging around and (drunkenly) chatting up. COOLI highly recommend getting on some sort of guest list. We were lucky that someone got a table over here. You can avoid a lot of waiting and paying $$$$ for cover that way. ;) I miss you, Vegas.
4	Possibly the hottest new club in Vegas.#1: We were 6 girls & 1 guy and we got on a guestlist. Girls got in free and our boy had to pay $30... Ahh well, tis' Vegas! :)#2: 2 dancefloors: The main floor plays mainly house and the crowd was bumpin' and dancin' the night away without a care in the world!! The downstairs floor played Hip Hop and that crowd was bumpin' and grindin' till 2 (or probably 6) in the mornin'! Upstairs was some type of lounge with 80s type music?#3: Got SUPER crowded at ~12:30AM. #4: Very spacious venue (though somewhat small dancefloors). You getting heated? Walk outside and lounge with your friends in the courtyard. My friends were dancing the night away and I definitely had good times with fabulous company in an amazing club. Thanks Vegas!
4	had to check out Marquee while in town since supposedly its the new 'it' club in town...and i have to say i think it def lived up to its hype! minus a star since we had to show up at 9pm to avoid a wait and all the stairs involved climbing the different levels, but other than that, this club is amazing! haha 10 ppl - even ratio of girls to guys and on a guestlist, girls got in free while guys paid $25 on a saturday night. pretty typical for vegas. whats amazing is that even when we showed up at 9pm, the place was already pretty packed by the time we got inside haha. by 1ish, there was hardly anywhere to move, let alone dance so i guess it is a good idea to show up early and claim a spot haha. loved the different room/type of music approach so that there is something for everyone. boombox = hip hop, main room = house/trance, outdoor pool area = chill hang out spot attached to main room, and library on the top floor = lounge, was playing older hip hop/r&b music. my friends and i spent a little bit of time in every room to get a feel for it and am just super impressed with everything here. i bought some cactus cooler shots and they were $15 a piece as to be expected. didnt have any problem getting the bartender's attention and getting served. no line for the ladies room and the couch in the waiting area was greatly appreciated at 1am in the morning hahai've been to most of the clubs in vegas at one point or another and i have to say without a doubt that Marquee is my favorite!
4	It was a pretty nice club with a decent interior, although I did find the wallpapers filled with women's faces a little disturbing.  I liked how the women's restroom had individual vanity mirrors with cushioned chairs.  That was cute and a thoughtful touch.  The music was okay and the crowd was okay.  The only downfall of the club was that it was filled with stairs.  Imagine climbing up and down those stairs when you're drunk or buzzed. Yikes!  In the end, I think I would go back again.
4	Pros: Cool decor, main room plays houseCons: Can get crowded pretty quickly, lines start getting long a 9PM, stairsWow. Good stuff Cosmopolitan.XS at the Encore is pretty cool, but this place is cooler. Marquee is the newest club in Vegas and it definitely raised the bar. This place has 3 different rooms. The main room is the biggest room and the DJ plays techno/house music. In the "boombox" room, they play hip hop. In the "library" lounge, they were playing old school hip hop and R&B.What makes this place so cool is the decor.  The main room and the outside pool areas are just as nicely decorated as the rest of the Cosmopolitan.The drinks here are your typical vegas fare (i.e. $15 bucks), but that's too be expected.The only downsides are it gets pretty crowded and there are lines at 9PM.  It might just be because this place is new, but we'll see.Definitely check it out if you're in Vegas.
4	Marquee is the new talk of the strip. The venue is gorgeous and has a heavy European influence in terms of music and design. If you are into house music, this is the place for you, they are only contracted to play house music 24-7 in the main room. I enjoy pop music in the club so we didn't spend the rest of the night here. The booths were fun because there was counter area to dance on and the service was very friendly. Downstairs you will find the hip-hop room which is a mini club within itself, not your average small sectioned off genre music room.
4	Marquee is a fabulous venue and the trendiest hot spot in Vegas!We got bottle service and were quickly escorted to "The Library", an intimate dark room with beautiful people and great music. I believe the rest of the club plays House music whereas The Library plays top 40.  The Library is more of a lounge and fits my taste perfectly.Our escort was Joe and he was super accommodating.  He kept apologizing for our wait and bought us shots to make up for it.  Instead of giving me directions to the bathroom, he personally took me there and waited for me to finish so he could walk me back to our table.  The ladies who poured our drinks were fantastic as well -- they provided top notch service. Minus one star for the confusing floor plan, thus making it nearly impossible to find our way around.Thanks for the wonderful night, Marquee!  Till we meet again!
3	Marquee is the new nightlife hot spot in Vegas right now. Word of Kanye, Jay-Z and some other celebs have already ventured through its doors. Suit up, throw some rubbers in your pockets, and prepare for a night of chaos. You may even get lucky by the end of the night.Where does it begin? The lines to enter that is. Tables, guestlists, VIP, ticket holders, general admission. There are lines everywhere. If you're trying your luck in the regular line, look for the longest. It wraps longer than Dirk Diggler's goods and it is slower than your grandma's driving. Pre partying in line? You better make it quick. The men in black suits will jump on it if they see you boozing in line. Ultimatum given: kill your drink in front of him on the spot or toss it out. BTW, there's not too many trash cans around. Chances are, you're going to litter and the poor girl behind you is going to kick it.It gets stuffy as hell in the lines. There's absolutely zero ventilation while you're waiting. No fresh air, constant cigarette smoke, booze in your system, and no water is an inevitable disaster waiting to happen. Possibly even a lawsuit. People getting dizzy and light headed, yack is already found on the ground, people slipping in that yack, and NO, you may not leave the lines even if you're about to piss in your pants. Too bad the suits says, leave and try to re-enter where your friends are and you will be asked to go to the end of the line.When you finally get in, you are ushered into a bunch of elevators like cattle. The door opens and the elevator man yells out, "WELCOME TO MARQUEE LADIES AND GENTLEMEN." At this point you don't know it yet, but you've been put into a scientific experiment that you didn't know you signed up for. Ever wonder what rats thought about when they were put into mazes? You will soon find out. No table service you say, good luck hanging onto all your friends. You might as well say good bye because the only time you'll see them again is when you randomly run into them an hour after you lose them. Ladies this is especially true for you because you girls don't carry your cell phones with you & dudes are constantly trying to break up your pack so their chances increases (baiting club chicks 101).The place is incredibly packed. Shoulder to shoulder, toe to toe. Don't wear your Louboutins because some drunk tard is going to spill their drink and/or step all over them. Besides, I would recommend comfortable foot wear for men and women. This place houses a billion steps. There are steps EVERYWHERE and you can't access the elevators. By the end of the night, you'll be crying for a $15 Chinese foot massage in Alhambra.Everyone is dressed to impress. It's like prom but what do you expect from a Vegas club such as this? No one cares about your douchey $300 Ed Hardy sneakers. Throw on some nice leather, even albino aligator skinned kicks, then maybe you won't look like such a fool when the bouncer doesn't deny your entry.Bars here are a mission. There's 50+ of you for every bartender they have. When you venture for a drink, order an extra drink for yourself. Chances are you won't want to wait another 30 minutes for another drink. Take orders from your friends too, save them the trouble. You might as well take the entire crew up there and whoever gets served first can order for everyone. Don't act appalled when you find out one drink is about $14. You're in Vegas and it's the most happening club right now, not one of your typical hipster Downtown LA dive bars.Marquee is also a daytime pool hot spot. I think they're going to do very well with that during the summer. It's almost as if they geared their outdoor areas just for that. Cabanas, private jacuzzis, pools, everytthing is top notched, uber grand, and classy.Music varies depending on the different rooms & which level you're on. The main room started blasting house/electro at one point while the downstairs smaller room had classic hip-hop/rap which is more of my forte, ya dig? Every inch of this place was filled with bodies, there's no escaping it except maybe far outside. There's plenty of eye candy as well as that little thing called a "venereal disease." So play it safe tonight, actually every night.Bring your credit cards or a wad of dead US presidents (preferably Benjamin Franklin) because it's going to be an expensive night at Marquee. Did I fail to mention that it took forever to get out of this rat trap? Good luck all.
5	This place does not let you get line pass even if you dress really nice and Vegasy. You have to wait in the line. Best thing is to either get presales or get there very early for the guestlist line. I came here 2 nights in a row. This club is THAT nice! 3 floors so it was huge! We spent a lot of time walking around to explore. We got lost and ended up in some stairs area too. Music was awesome. The entertainment was off the hook! Best I've seen compared to other clubs. The go-go dancers were awesome and there was even confetti/ foam that drop down during grand finales. The DJ area and screen was like those laser lights from the ceiling at the raves. Totally felt like a rave. I like the room that had raveish music. The library floor did have books that were sexual and a pool table that you can actually play. The hip hop room didn't have better music though.
4	Came here to check out Robbie Rivera throw it down at Marquee and was definitely pleased with the venue. The atmosphere was super girly in the sense that everywhere I looked there were color schemes or pink, black, and purple - there were chandeliers EVERYWHERE. There were girls EVERYWHERE; seriously the girl to guy ratio was probably 5:1. I felt like a sorority house exploded. Maybe I went on a good night or maybe all the ladies just love Robbie Rivera ;). The nightclub has three floors (4 - 6). The 4th floor spins hip hop; I would have loved to stayed in there longer but the room was packed. You can escape to the patio where they have speakers bumping or make the trek to the other floors using the stairs.The 5th floor spins house and trance. They have one dance floor and tables lined up all around the floor. if you reserved a table, ding ding ding you're a winner. If not, no biggie, you'll have fun exploring the nightclub anyway.The 5th floor also features an outdoor/balcony area. When it's cold out they have these chic heating lamps in the shape of nightstands. Go out here, have a smoke or get some cold air after tearing up the dance floor. And last but not least, head up to the 6th floor to play some pool, lounge a bit and listen to some late 90's music OR, if you want a better view of what's going down on the 5th floor, sneak off to the balcony and get a perfect view of the DJ. It's a great spot to just chill - you'll have plenty of room and it's not crowded. Quick Tips- if you're coming here for a special event, buy your tickets online then when you arrive, present your email confirmation to the ticket booth located on the first floor. Tell the Bouncer you're there to pick up your tickets then go upstairs to the second floor and report to the Ticket Holder line. - This place has STAIRS. Be prepared. Ladies make sure your stilettos are not only chic but super comfy! Don't be that girl that falls on her ass cause she drank too much and nobody wanted to catch her. You know what I'm talking about - you've seen it, you laughed, you pointed. Don't be that girl!
4	Marquee is absolutely stunning! GLAM GLAM GLAM everywhere to be seen! Crystal chandeliers, neon laser and strobe lights flashing everywhere! Each room has a separate DJ and therefore different types of music. The Boombox is like an underground club that was playing mashups of top 40's that night. The main room has a 40foot LED screen above the DJ booth! Around 1:30am, the screen opens up and gogo dancers get to their stuff. The library is a more intimate setting on the top floor that was playing old school hip hop. It's more like an actual lounge because there are chairs/couches to sit down on when you're tired from dancing or just want to get away from it all. The outside area has a lot of cabanas and a couple of pools, but it being winter now, it wasn't that exciting to be outside - there are only that many heat lamps you can crouch around. I'm sure on any other day I'd give Marquee 5 stars, but there being a pretty lame crowd that night, my girlfriends and I left early to elsewhere to find a better crowd to hang and dance with.
5	AMAZING!!  3 floors of awesome....since its a new club, the crowd outside is massive!! Tip to guys: You better have at least an even ratio of guys to girls or you're not getting in.  We had a group of 9 girls and 1 guy and guys kept coming up to us to ask if we could get them in.  Sorry boys.The main room looks like your in a concert venue the way the stage is elevated, awesome music!! The Boom Box room is downstairs, we came to see Eric Delux, but it was soooooooo packed people shoving and pushing that we left before he got to spin.  DJ Lisa who opened for Eric was awesome though!! The Library upstairs was cool cause you could walk behind the main stage behind the LCD screens!!  Such a cool view!! Tip for ladies:  PLEASE wear comfy shoes cause you will be trekking up and down flights of stairs ALL NIGHT!! You dont wanna eat it on the stairs!! LOL
4	This venue is huge!  The atmosphere is extremely glamorous.  They hire only the top DJs in the EDM industry.  Kaskade played on opening night, and ATB played while I was here.  If EDM isn't your thing, there are two other rooms that feature different genre's of music (hiphop and top 40).  I give it four stars because we had trouble getting in with a 5 guy to 7 girl ratio.  Maybe it was because the club is still experiencing the new opening boom, or because ATB was playing.  Even though we got in for free through a promoter, we still had to wait in line for a good three hours.  There are plenty of spillover areas for dancing.  When you get too hot, you can head outside where there is an unobstructed view of all the surrounding hotels (the club is on the 17th floor rooftop of the Cosmo).  Drink prices are normal.  Bottle service is quite expensive, but should considered if you have a large party since there are no areas to sit once it hits around 1 or 2 am.  The crowd is young, good looking, and ready to party!  Marquee has definitely cast a shadow on club XS.  Definitely come here for a good time if you are in town.
5	Talk about a COOL backdrop behind the DJ. They have a HUGE LED screen that will mystify you while you dance. I can't wait till it's warm so we can better take advantage of the out door areas.
5	Now that I was getting kind of bored of XS, I was hoping for something different that can top XS.  Marquee didn't have the same WOW I had when I first walked into XS few years ago but I must say that Marquee is pretty dope and yes. I like it better than XS.I love the beautiful patio with the pools and the multiple rooms with different types of music.  I personally love house music so I loved the music they were playing in there.We got in line at 8pm and got into the club around 8:30pm when they opened.  We went inside, went right back out, went to our rooms to pregame then came back into the re-entry line.  We didn't even need a hookup it was perfect planning! haha!
3	As many have said before, the venue is HUGE and beautiful. Unfortunately, I find it difficult to dance to house (though I don't mind listening), so I felt like all the space in the main room was wasted. The Boombox (hiphop room) on the other hand was CRAMPED as hell. It would be great if they could switch the music between the two rooms... I think it would be a more efficient usage of space.The outdoor patio looked nice, but unlike XS, you need a table in order to access the hot tub area. Also it was super cold and windy when we went (Jan) so we didn't really enjoy sitting outdoors. I'm sure its much nicer in late spring/summer.We decided to grace Marquee with our presence (HAH!) on Saturday... and it was oddly dead. HUH?! Where are all the party people at?One more CON: CLIMBING THE STAIRS BETWEEN ROOMS! WHY?!?
5	Yah yah yah 3rd industry night; third review updated.Talk about FREEEKIN' HOT GUY PARTY this past Monday. nom nom nomEye candy galore..almost felt like I was In San Francisco for a minute.
3	hands down, it's a beautiful venue. very fancy. walking up & down the stairs to get to the other rooms was kind of an inconvenience especially if you're a chick with 4-5 inch heels drunk off the wall (just saying). though my girls got in for free, there was just too many stairways for the VIP sections. we went on a Friday night around 11 so the night was still young. for sure this plAce has the potential to out do the others.. I love love love the outdoor pool area. summer parties sounds like it'll be crackin!
5	This club definitely lives up to the rest of them on the strip.  If I had to put it in short, this club is like a mixture of TAO and XS, but with the crowd of what XS used to be when it first opened, which will probably mean that in a couple months, Marquee will be just like XS, a little overrated and super exclusiveBut getting in is pretty simple.  You can talk to promoters to get the ladies in, but getting the guys in for free with them will be tough.  Guys will pay on average 30-50 depending on the night.So when you get there, you take an elevator up to the club, and you enter onto the main dancefloor.  The setup is really nice, you walk around and it's very nice, elegant, and decorated with lots of colorful lights, but not too many as the club still remains pretty dark, like a club haha.  The dancefloor out there is a decent size, not impressively large, but not too small.  They generally play house music on this floor and this where guest DJs will generally be.  There are a couple of bars located around the dancefloor and tables that surround the dancefloor.  There's even an outside area with a pool area, very similar to the one at XS but with a different layout.There's also a staircase, much like TAO, but it leads up AND down.  If you go up, you will find a lounge, which they call the Library, because it is set liek a Library/Study Lounge, just like those you see in rich mansions.  They setting is much more ambient, which some music in the background and places for people to sit and a bar.  It's a nice place if you want to get just get away from the crowd but still want an intimate setting.If you go downstairs, they call this the Speakerbox.  It is just another dancefloor with lots of tables around and here the DJ plays hip hop music.  It can get pretty crowded as it gets later into the night, but from my experience the DJ on both dancefloors play some pretty sick music.The bar, I've only had one drink and she messed up my drink.  But it's only one time, so I'm willing to give it another go so I can't say too much about that just yet.  Drinks do run at about $15 a drink though, like any other club in Vegas so don't be surprised by it.So overall, i'd give this place a 4.5-5.  I still need another time here because I can definitively say that this is a good club.  But like I said before, a mixture of TAO and XS.  People who come here just wanna have a good time with some drinks and good music, and that's definitely the vibe that you get when you come here, so check it out!
2	Not as great as I thought it would be.It's a great idea to have three different rooms of different kinds of music....but*extremely packed-expect to get drinks split on u-toes stepped on-barely have room to walk-and wait in ridiculously long ass lines, even if ur on the guest list*my favorite was the hip hop room*If they had less ppl there I'm sure it woulda been a better experience for me, but barely having any room to dance or breathe kinda hindering my chances of a good time.*great music selection*sexy ass waitresses and bartenders *good looking crew-got kinda a snotty vibe from most ppl tho-ppl all seemed kinda irritated due to the lack of breathing room -would think this would b the type of club a lot of fights break out lol cuz like I said before a lot of ppl spilling drinks and all up in ur spaceIf you can deal with waiting in lines for hours and having no space to urself then ull enjoy this club, my suggestions for these club owners would b to put more of a limit on how many ppl enter the club so it becomes a better experience for those who do get in.
3	There were plenty of promoters on the strip for this club.  One promoter approached me and my girls, which was a back-up to a back-up plan.  The promoter texted me hours before going to the club to confirm and remind me to be there before 9:15 PM.So my girls and I were in line by 9:15 PM but the line was already long.  Since we thought i'd be nice to help these 2 guys and say that they were with us, we ended up staying in line for an hour because we weren't all girls!  Quite annoying but I guess, that's how it goes anywhere.Two guys joined us again, my friend's friends who were staying at Cosmo.  Even if they also had another hookup, they still waited for us.  What's good about their's is that they didn't pay the cover charge!  Nice!Going to the dance floor, you have to take the elevator to the first small dance floor.  On to the next dancefloor, which was the outdoor area with cabanas.  The two guys we were with invited us to their room to drink.  Getting out of the club was super confusing!  It was a maze!  We passed by another room, which was on another floor.  Going out, we passed by a game and pool area.  Going back inside the club was no problem at all.By our second trip to the club, the place was super crowded.  Leaving out was much more confusing the second time around.  Overall, I only give it 3 stars because 1) we were on the VIP guestlist but still waited for an hr, 2) the floorplan was super confusing even when you're sober, 3) each dancefloor was small.  The pros about this place is the decor, the bathroom attendants are so nice and the bathroom was clean!
3	Concept: (Another) high class Vegas hotspot with international celebrity DJs in residence to bring the party every night. Three rooms with different vibes and music.Actual experience:I was there: Saturday, Jan. 30. Club set-up:1. Boombox room: Featuring hip hop2. The Library: Laid back, lounge-y vibe. No dance floor, just a place to chill and relax. Has pool tables, cushy leather chairs and a bar with a specialty cocktail list.3. Main room: Featuring the headliner DJ of the night. Typically house music. Sound was good, lighting/visual was bomb with the huge video wall behind the DJ and the disco-like ball from the ceilingGetting into the club: I thought it was hilarious how the guest list line was longer than the actual regular admission line. Kinda makes you wonder if this club lives up to the hype if people aren't being drawn in. Warning: if you're in the guest list line and you happen to have more guys than girls in your group, you're going to be turned away. This happened to a group in front of us. Bouncers were polite and efficient.To get into the actual club, you're stuffed into this elevator that zips you up to the 6th floor (which is where the main room is located...make sure you keep that in mind given the confusing layout). Once the elevator doors open, you're in this dark lobby area with a bar. Getting around the club:The most confusing, weird, frustrating, and tiring layout ever. What sadistic person decided that the best layout for a club with 3 different rooms was to put them on different floors?? And these rooms weren't just separated by tiny stairs, these were actual FLIGHTS of stairs. Both the girls and guys in my group were complaining about it. I can't picture a drunk person navigating their way around this club. There's also two sets of stairs to make things even more confusing. Worse of all, there's no signage that tells you which floor each room is at or where the bathrooms are. You just have to wander around or ask a bouncer.The Boombox room has an outside patio so if you're tired, hot, and need some fresh air, make your way outside! The Library has some couches and chairs in the hallway that you can sit on without being told off by some bouncer or territorial VIP. Crowd: Pretty well mixed, and gets really packed towards the end of the night. There was barely any room to move so you get unfamiliar bodies/body parts pressed up against you (gross). Air flow/ventilation: This place got HOT. Bad airflow so if you want to breathe, go out to the patio that's connected to the Boombox room.Music: Liked the main room DJ. Boombox DJ...not so good. We left that dance floor in less than 20 minutes. Drinks/bar: Quick service. I was able to get my drinks in less than 5 minutes. Mixed drinks were about $12 (higher for premium ones). Drinks weren't too strong (not strong at all actually) so it's probably a good idea to pre-party.Restrooms: We all know bathrooms are important in the clubbing experience; especially for girls. You need a big enough restroom to handle the crowds of girls that need to pee, primp or throw up (although I didn't see any puking when I was there). Thankfully, there was little to no line for the restroom even when the club was crowded. I liked how there was a huge couch for girls to lounge on while waiting for their girlfriends to finish doing their thing. There was also a separate vanity area with mirrors for girls to touch up their makeup so there wouldn't be any divas hogging the sink area.Bottom line: I loved my XS experience and was looking for something to top that. Marquee tried, but couldn't do it.
5	I really don't know how Vegas does it. Just when I thought nothing could get better than XS....here comes Marquee!!  Came here on a Saturday night to see Steve Angello (Swedish House Mafia) spin, and it was awesommmmeeee.  I REALLY think nothing can top this club now, haha. This is the newest club and hotel to hit the strip in Vegas and seriously, nothing comes close to topping Marquee AND the new Cosmopolitan hotel. You get to walk through the gorgeous hotel and up the escalators too the huge entrance area of the club.  The guestlist lines get insanely long, so I can't imagine how long the general admission lines are.  Saturday nights are ridiculously slammed so always use a promoter if you can.  Obviously with all girls you will be walked right in...sorry to say but if you have guys in your group, you WILL wait at least an hour in line.Got there at 9pm and had no problem getting in, you take an elevator up a level and you are greeted by a bar as soon as the doors open.  The promoters and doormen are awesome here. Really organized, efficient, and they definitely have it together here.  If anything, your party should just go super early, get your stamp, and come back later...the re-entry line is super fast.The awesome thing about this club is the different areas/levels that you can go too. The main dance floor is a lot smaller than XS, but its just as beautiful and fun...like any other club it gets ridiculously packed, but hey when you're drunk, who the hell cares.  I LOVE that you can see the DJ booth in the center stage, it always makes the party more fun when you can see who's spinning.  There's a huge 40 foot LED screen behind the booth too which is awesome.  Definitely check out all 3 areas of the club!!! The main room spins house/electro all night since that's where the resident DJs and guest DJs always come out. While the Boombox, which is a level downstairs, plays all hiphop/rap music for all you dirty clubbers, with its own separate bar and DJ. While the Library is a nice intimate loungey area with pool tables and lots of tables.  And to top it all off there is a huuuge outside patio area with sofas, more bars, the pool, and an incredible view of the strip.  And the bartenders make drinks extra stiff =).  I can go on and on about this place.But my top 3 pros for this place:1. Great service, music, and people2. There are a ton of bars so you never have to wait too long to get a drink3. Beautiful hotel, people, and decor. This has got to be the world's longest review, but I will finish by saying, this place is a MUST VISIT the next time you are in Vegas! It was the first time in a long time that I stayed out til 3am..and I got there at 9pm! Even when I left at 3am the lines were still super long. I wanted to amputate my poor feet at the end of the night, but it was worth it.
3	As a venue, I think  Marquee is just ok.The main room seems to mimic that of Tryst and Wynn, with the tables surrounding the main dance floor in a fan shape and then at the other side it opens out to the outdoor area.What I did not like about Marquee is that the different rooms are on different floors that you have to access via stairs.  You can say that I'm an idiot, but we did not find these rooms until we were on our way out through the stairwell.  I would have liked to check out the other rooms but after checking out the entire main floor end to end, it didn't occur to me to check the stairwell for another room.Drinks: $14 for a shot of Patron, which is pretty standard in Vegas.The outdoor area was pretty nice with the heat lamps, since it was a chilly Vegas winter night.  The DJ the night I went was pretty ok, but started playing too many songs I didn't know/didn't "feel" so we left pretty early.  Crowd was pretty mixed, but I didn't seem to find any guys that I found myself attracted to.  Perhaps another night!
3	From all the positive reviews and comparisons to XS, I was expecting a top notch experience.  I was completely let down, but granted, I had high expectations.  Key tip from this review:  Purchase tickets to whoever the DJ is online through Marquee's website, then make sure to pick them up before 8pm, then you can get in a much shorter line and wait only 10-15 minutes to get in, rather than the 3 hour line.  Plus, it's 30-40 dollars for these tickets which includes the cover, so no need to grease the bouncer when you go in.Good:Sound system is AWESOME, and the DJ has a pretty sweet vantage point above the dance floor.  There are also plenty of bars which is a plus, but drinks will be their normal expensive self at about 40 bucks for a round of 3 drinks.  Access to outside is very easy and very big with additional bars.  I think the dayclub will be a fun time as all the pesonal suites have individual hot tubs.Bad:Layout is terrible for the most part.  The bathroom is literally down some random corridor and is difficult to find.  I only found this one bathroom so I don't know if there are even more.  It is large, but still, you need more spread out.   Crowd-we showed up at 10:15PM and it already was packed and the ratio was terrible.  Plus, there were a curious number of obese people there which I was suprised about given all the comments about the beautiful people.  I just expected more, as in the times of body english where if you paid for bottle service, the ratio would be off the hook for at least an hour and a half.  I think people get here at 9pm since there's so much hype about this place.  Bottle service- If you are considering this, I strongly discourage you.  The quote I received was $1500 and that's for a table outside with a 3 bottle minimum.  They are really milking the hype here and it's ridiculous.  In addition, outside really is a terrible location, maybe in the summer it'll get more traction, but for right now, really no one is out there unless you are getting bottle service.  If you want a table by the dance floor, it's a 8-10K minimum, and I'm not even joking.  I'd go for the DJ tickets online as for now, it's the surest thing.  We had 3 guys with us and got in no problem.
4	Came here for a friend's birthday dinner. The place was great but it was a little bit cramped. Granted every club in Vegas is cramped. Friendly staff, friendly security guards, and very small table space. We had 12 people in our party and the table that we got could only fit around 5. It was kind of weird. We were located at the boombox room. They played very FUN music - I mean music that you can dance to and not have to be on drugs to listen/dance to. I would probably prefer this place over XS because of how many rooms there are and the staff is a lot more friendly. Unfortunately, we didn't see any Tron goo goo dancers. =(
5	Our group of 4 girls and 2 guys (including me) ended up choosing this place after being offered goodies from every other place... and I'm sure glad that we did. We all got in for free and skipped the line, thanks to a nice guy we met earlier while walking the strip. The atmosphere was incredible, the music was sick, and the people were all really great. It was clear that large groups of guys didn't make it into the club guestlist or not, because it definitely wasn't a "sausage fest" inside. The bartenders were nice, drinks were strong, and my group somehow ended up receiving free drink tickets. Another neat aspect of this club is that it is 6000 square feet with 3 floors, featuring a downstairs hip hop room and upstairs library-themed floor. Theres also bars in every direction you look. Steve Angello was headlining the night I went and it was so incredible that I'm definitely going to try to make it to Kaskade or Above and Beyond in the next couple of months.  Warning: if you plan on coming here, keep at least a 2:1 ratio of girls:guys. Guys are apparently $45 on the guestlist, but if you run into a promoter, you might get lucky and have it comped. and last of all- Be prepared to have a great night :)
1	This place did not live up to the hype.  My group of 8 girls and 4 guys went to Tryst on Thursday, XS on Friday, and expected Marquee to be the best club in Vegas on the final night I was in town.  I must say that I was more than disappointed with this place.  We got walked in and didn't have to pay cover because our ladies were fine, but that didn't make up for how whack the club was.  There are way too many tables at this place and not enough space for dancing.  The people that work there are extremely rude compared to other clubs in Vegas, and are less than willing to be accommodating to your needs.  The bathroom attendants don't do their jobs, and the bartenders make weak drinks.  The three floors of music sounded like a tight idea, but fails in their accessibility.  In order to go from one floor to another, you must walk through cutty, overcrowded, and narrow stairwells.  The layout of the club is extremely dumb, beware if you are claustrophobic, you just might freak out and die.  Our group felt caved in with the low ceilings and small dance floors.  If you want an excellent, spacious, and breathable environment go to another club such as XS or Tryst.  Although this club claims to be the biggest in vegas, it doesn't feel that way because of the horribly planned layout.  DO NOT GO HERE, WHAAAAACK!
3	i call this 3-star rating an UNLOCK POTENTIAL 3 stars. In my opinion, i feel like this place has the potential to be one of the most AWESOMEST fun nightclub on the strip.This club opened during new yrs and the past weekend was my first time in attending this new venue. I'll simply list the pros and cons that i noticed in this super nightclub. Pros. 1. The venue and crowd is BEAUTIFUL. mix crowd. hip hop floor and main dance floor.2. Contrary to the previous reviews i've read, the staff is beyond friendly and seem to be willing to bend over their backs for everyone in having a good time here. 3. Didn't get any drinks here, but from little chit-chats in the smokin hot ass bartenders. a red bull vodka is only $15. very very cheap compared to Surrender's $19 house vodka w/ red bull.Cons:1. Will probably never happen, but they really need to get rid of the stairs and replace them w/ escalators. This is a huge design flaw for the managing partners of marquee. Unlike Playboy Club to Moon, there are no simple escalators up to a club. It kinda gets rid of the "baller" feeling when u climb stairs from venue to venue compared to an escalator where the music crescendos as u rise to the club. 2. Elevators won't go down till 1:30am so everyone has to climb 3-5 flights of stairs down to exit in the Cosmo's pool area if they want to go back to their rooms for sexy-time or pre-party. (BEWARE: as you exit,  WATCH ur step... there's a ledge where girls especially are vulnerable in tripping on if they wear high heels)3. The main dance floor is a tad too small for my tastes. Also it has more of a rave-like vibe to it where everyone stares at the DJ and throws their arm to the sky like zombies. I don't blame the crowd for doing this considering there's a 30+ft of LCD awesomeness in the back of the DJ to look at. EVEN SO, this type of set-up negates a nightclub feel to the venue.   ALL IN ALL, a very nice nightclub w/ very friendly staff and crowd. everyone is just here to have a ballin good time. I say, give this place a couple months to workout their flaws and it'll be the next best thing vegas nightlife will see in the years to come.
5	Las Vegas Yelpers!!!So... you wanna party Vegas style?! one word... MARQUEE!!!I've been coming to Marquee since Jan. 1, 2011 when Kaskade had his opening residency for 2011. Let's just say that it was my best night in Vegas...over the last 4 years of Vegas fun. I danced the night away till 7am! yup :D talk about going hard.I celebrated 2011 and my welcome to Las Vegas celebration that night (I live here now, yay!)... and since then I've been coming here pretty much every week with my friends who just moved here as well.I'm here either on Mondays, Fridays, Saturdays.Amazing DJs come through Marquee... besides my all time favorite Kaskade... EC twins, Redfoo/LMFAO, Dirty South, Benny Benassi...  the list goes on... I'm excited for Eric Morillo!If you love house music... Marquee brings it!If you have the connections to get into Marquee or any night club on the Strip... that's always a plus! Luckily... every time I go to Marquee.. I never have to wait in the line... I walk right in and the best part... I get in for free!Love the whole lay out! From the bathrooms, designs/words on the walls, boombox, library and main room! Love it! The outdoor dayclub is beautiful as well! I love the jacuzzis and can't wait to enjoy the dayclub during pool season! I also love the performers on stage... their costumes are amazing and fun! It's like experiencing a concert every night you party there!Add the confetti, blowing air, amazing lights, kickass DJ booth and energy from every person in the building and you got yourself a fabulous night in Las Vegas!I'm so excited that Kaskade will be here once a month! Vegas locals are spoiled with all the talent coming through the venue!I don't smoke, drink or do drugs...but I'm a dancer... so when I'm out... I'm looking for a place to DANCE the night away! :)) So there you have it yelpers... Marquee is my place to enjoy Vegas nightlife!If you're planning on visiting Vegas or looking for a place to party... make it Marquee!Dance like no one is watching!-Miss Yelp 2011
3	Ok Marquee I was really excited to check you out, but it didn't go as planned. Myself and 3 other girls followed the promoter instructions and showed up around 9 to grab a few drinks at Queue bar which was pretty comfy. Then when it was our time to head up we followed the rest of the girls in the parade up the escalators and into the house room.The place is really cool, the crowd was young, and the waitstaff was amazingly nice. Everything was going great until we needed to sit down. There wasn't a seat to be found and all the tables were reserved, but no one was sitting there so we had no chance to flirt our way into a seat. We traveled up to the Library and then down to the Boom Box, but after climbing 3 full sets of stairs we were just cashed out and grabbed the elevator down. It's too bad because it was our last night and we were really excited to stay out a live it up, and I'm sure we would have if we could have just sat down for a few.
5	I had a fun time here. Went on a Saturday night at around ~11PM, apparently there were some people waiting there since 8PM and weren't  in.Got in because a friend frequents here a lot, and gets a table. That night, they were asking around $10K per table... wow. Anyways, got lucky and got in after waiting around 10 minutes... I don't know what we would have done without our friend...Drinks are not that expensive - they are around $13 for a mixed drink like an AMF or Sex on the Beach, BUT they're smaller than usual. XS had drinks for the same price but probably had at least 50% more.There's three levels... a library-ish chill area on the top, then the middle floor which is definitely the most crowded and plays house-y music, and the hip hop floor.I don't know, but I really like crowded clubs - they're more fun to be in and more exciting. And this was a really crowded club. The outdoor pool lounge area is really nice - you get a nice view of the Cosmopolitan hotel and Planet Hollywood hotel and Aria, with hanging lights. It looks like there's plenty of seating, but they're all reserved. Most of the cabana style tables outside seemed to be empty.. probably because they were asking for so much. Or at least that's what I remember. There's some seating on some planters where the palm trees area haha.The tricky thing here is not getting drinks spilled on you... it's hard because it's so crowded.The people who work here are actually really nice - I was surprised. I expected them to be snobby but they were funny people...Anyways my friends and I had a blast here. It's definitely crowded for a reason.
3	A friend of mine was in town and we walked around to check out Cosmo and they FINALLY opened up the top floor after about a month of being open the pool area and apparently where the guest list line is located on this floor, so we walked out there to check it out. We tried to schmooz the bouncer just to check out the atmosphere inside Marquee, just to walk in and walk out kinda thing, but it didn't work, there was only 2 of us so it was a no go. After our failed attempt at trying to get in for free, we decided to sit at the bar, poolside and have a few drinks, hang out and play catch up... Before we could take a second sip of our drinks, we're approached by 2 young ladies asking us if we'd like to join them inside Marquee because they're 2 girls short of getting into for free, so we got up and walked on over the guest list line! We were in line for a mere 10 mins. The line was outdoors and it was pretty chilly that night but they had heaters comforting those of us shivering in the cold. Everyone in line was so nice, very chit chatty and was a real nice vibe to start off the night. One of my gripes with this place is the fact that being that there are 3 (or 4, can't remember? lol) floors and they made us walk the stairs, BLAH. I would've rather they make it ONE large room and party it up that way, not here-- get ready for a workout. Females in HIGH heels are really not made 3-4 floors worth of stairs. Cardio should be done in gym shoes! GAH. We found these kind of, hidden rooms that are overlooks for the club. There's a pool table on one of the upper levels. Bars, like in any club, take a long time to order drinks, so nothing new there. We breezed through the floors, since we were there just to checkout the place, we weren't really in club attire which I thought was strange that they let us in. I was in a tank top, cardigan, jeans and heels. My GF was in practically the same thing, 'cept she was wearing fancy flip flops, we were sure that we were going to get in because of that, but they let us in! Overall, a place worth checking out.
5	The hotel is reminiscent of the Marquee in NYC (it's a chain, go figure). LOVE LOVE LOVE the hotel this place is in. LOVE the music. LOVE the crowd. LOVE that it's free for women and they don't deal with the guy to girl ratio as seriously here as other club's do. LOVE how I enter the club after i go through and up the elevators. People are not as snobby (IMO) and everyone was having a grand ol time!The DJ was TEARING it up!!!!!!!! Only bad thing about this place is the packed dance floor. I could barely make it 4 feet deep into the dance floor before I'm like fuck it and escape from the can of sardines that they call a dance floor. The patio was much more forgiving, although the wind wasn't. Brrrr!Drinks are $15 for a small glass, but if you go to the guy at the end of the bar to the left of the stage...guy has a heavy hand and will definitely get your effed up. Also, there's a table to sit at ladies! :)Only negative is the LONG walk to get out of the club...and to return you need to take that BFE walk from the front of the hotel to the back 4th floor entrance. Really?! There has to be a better way to maneuver around here.Anyhoo, I'll definitely be back, but I'd love to stay at the hotel this next time.
3	It's ok-not my favorite, but not awful either. The place is a little smaller than what I was expecting. It's a new club so it's packed all the time, and not the easiest place to get into-promoters rec. getting there around 9, so try to get a table or find boys who have a table!!! the bouncers are dicks, think they're sh** dont stink because they're working the hottest club right now, good for you.....music was ok, great lighting and backdrop of dancers and tv screens. It's like a maze exiting that place though! The hotel is stunning though, and Im willing to give this place another try once the hype dies down a bit.
5	This place was so much fun! I was impressed with how PACKED this club was on a MONDAY! The line outside was very long but luckily we didn't have to wait to get in. Our whole crew had to link up just to get through the crowd to our table. Our servers were great and made sure our glasses were never empty. The music was fun and everyone was singing and dancing their booties off! The energy was jumpin' and no ego issues whatsoever in the atmosphere. I can't comment on the entry price cause I didn't have to pay with my Local license and I never bothered to find out what it was.I definitely recommend reserving a table before you go. Unless you plan on sitting at the bar it's dancing room only!We danced we laughed and good times were had! INDEED!
3	Looks only get you so far. Vegas' newest hotspot is hella nice, but way too crowded for my liking. XS is always really crowded but I still have fun. This was different.The lines are SO FREAKING LONG AND GUESTLIST DOESN'T REALLY MEAN SQUAT but we got in pretty easily because we went a little early, were on the guestlist and knew some ppl standing in line already. Our plan was to just get there early and get stamped, then go get free drinks at LAVO since the promoter that got us on Marquee was there. The staff was friendly enough, I love the pool area with cabanas and the view of the other hotels from the top, but as I said, LOOKS. AND. DECOR. ONLY. GET. YOU. SO. FAR.We got back a lil late, I admit, and it was FREAKING PACKED. Way more packed than I've seen at TAO or XS, and I thought those were "packed". Maybe it's because we went on a night Kaskade was playing, but people were sooo pushy and rude. It was asian nation and we saw so many people we knew from socal (and didn't really want to see). I don't mind crowds- I mean obviously we went to a club, expect to get trampled right? It was just that everyone was so intent on pushing their way to see Kaskade that they were just being douches. The central dance floor was at capacity so we got pushed to the outer rim by the booths. We couldn't even make it past the swarm outside to the pool area to maybe cool off a little. Also, wtf is up with the stairs. No one could use the elevator that night. I'm not sure if it was just because kaskade was playing, but we were originally told the elevators would be operating after 1am.... WHY WOULD YOU TORTURE US GIRLS IN OUR HEELS. I appreciated the quad workout going up, but at the end of the night, all I wanted to do was barefoot my way down the 4+ flights of stairs. -__-I'll probably be back because I liked it enough when it wasn't sweating body mania, but to endure the mass of ppl I'll just need a few more drinks and more comfortable shoes.
5	This is my new FAVORITE LV club!!! Came here when Sander Van Doorn spun and the night was just amazing! It was pretty easy to find the place inside the hotel and easy to get in. Once inside, the bars were all easily accessible so it was easy to get drinks. There are 3 different rooms but I mostly stayed in the main room. What's crazy about this place was the SOUND SYSTEM. I think at one point of the night my ear hurt because of how loud the music was. Didn't bother me too much though because I'm used to it. The LED screen by the DJ had cool visuals and I think if I wasn't so drunk I would remember more awesome things about this place. My friend took a picture of these things hanging over the dance floor that spun with crazy lights... So LOOK UP when you are on the dance floor. It def can get crowded here but just move outside and there will be plenty of room to dance! Another plus is KASKADE is the resident DJ for a little while... If you go to one club in Vegas... GO HERE!
3	So my opinion of this place is totally skewed because I went there with someone who knew someone who knew someone... so we paid no cover, and did not wait more than 15 minutes to get in at the peak hour on a Saturday night. From the enormous crowds clamoring to get the attention of the bouncers, I can tell I did not have the average experience. But I had a good time.It's in The Cosmopolitan, which is a strikingly beautiful hotel. Glitz and glam, young and modern. Once we finally got our hookups straightened out (I guess everyone says they know someone - my friend had to show the guy his text from his friend to prove it) we went up the elevator with our three bouncer escorts. We spent very little time in the inside area of the club, because the dance floor was so crowded, they were not allowing anyone else on the floor. The club is gorgeous, and the DJ (Kaskade) sounded great. There is a large outdoor patio and pool area, where the music is still blaring and people are dancing. The crowd was young and disproportionately Asian (cool by me). People tripping on some drug or another were staring at their friend's multicolor light-up gloves waving around in front of their faces. Some dude "made it rain" over his friends and sent $1 bills everywhere into the pool. I have no idea what the bottle service costs, but it may be worthwhile. As with many comparable clubs, there is very little open seating.
2	Everyone says this club has a crazy long ridiculous line but we got there at 10:45pm and literally stood in line for 5 minutes tops! There's a main entrance to this club, but also a few other smaller entrances that not too many people know about-maybe that's why? Anyways, the ambiance of this place was so-so. The club has 3 floors-smoking is permitted at the bar area of the 1st or 2nd floor. I didn't like the way you had to walk up what looks like emergency stairwells to get from level to level--annoying! I would think that'd be a big liability for the hotel should any drunken people tumble down those insane stairs. Oh and be careful when ordering at the bar, they almost tried to charge me $86.00 for 6 drinks when I only ordered 3 shots and 3 backs! Not very impressed with this place at all.....
5	I know the goal at Vegas was to have girls to buy us drinks... But dudes getting us drinks is a whole other level.  LMFAO!This place was so crackin'  the guest list line had 300+ people waiting since 7pm!!?!?!?!?!!  So we bounced the go to XS for a quick minute to come back. We had so much fun the pictures we took I don't even remember taking... Hahaha!Shouts out to the staff for letting us in for FREE and cutting the line at 1am!!
4	Came back to see Kaskade.Kaskade rocked. He is god.Got presale tickets. The people working the presale ticket booth really need to standardize their process. It was an hour wait when it should've really just been 20 minutes. There were crowds of people trying to talk their way into buying tickets...and the ticket booth people listened!?Stood in line with a lady who told me Kaskade was a hardcore traditional Mormon.Anyways. Good music. Packed house. Hard to dance and navigate. Amazing caliber of DJ's they have lined up. The bar by the restroom is the least busy. Buy your drinks there. Lots of space in the pool, especially deeper in.Mostly house/electro with a hip hop room under, and lots of goddamn stairs just getting into the venue.They line up groups of girls against the elevator so when people ride up, it looks popular, Las Vegas style.
5	I came here in January a few weeks after the club opened. I felt like I had to go here since it was brand new and had a lot of hype.This review is from whatever I can remember, since theres no way I was sober that night ^_~Place: Very nice and decorative. The main dance floor could be slightly bigger. The outside pool area looked real nice since you could see the surrounding buildings (Monte Carlo, City Center). Some of the VIP tables had jacuzzis with them. Yes, your very own glass jacuzzi, amazing. I vaguely remember the hip-hop room upstairs. I just remember the room being small, seeing some books, and a pool table. Music: The night I came here, EC Twins were opening open for Robbie Rivera. They were pretty good. We stayed til about 3:00am, so we only got to see Robbie Rivera for about an hour, hour 1/2. Sound: Just perfectDresscode: Dressy shoes & collared shirt for guys. I was not able to get in with my black Vans. 1-1 Girl-Guy ratio (They're very strict on this one)Normal price was $30-40 for guys I believeYes, I'd definitely come back. Yes I wish I can afford that VIP table w/ the jacuzzi in the summertime. If you like house music, there are many many big house DJs that will be playing here.
4	since this club is new, going to marquee is like going to china town. it is taken over by almost the entire asian population of the west coast. i dont really know whats up with that but it happens everytime theres a new club in vegas.i dont think marquee is open on tuesdays but they were for the magic convention. as the newest club on the strip, i expected it to be extremely crowded and a big headache as all new clubs were. but it was actually not as bad as i thought.of course the guys at the door are really uptight and act like big jerks, no surprise there. they all do at every club in vegas.  we got in pretty fast. we had a table reservation and the wait for it was pretty good. the table was on the outside part where the pool was. it was really really nice out there and im sure it wuld be awesome i the summertime. there was also a dj booth and a dancefloor out there wc was convenient. they had these really cool glass jacuzzis too.the layout inside kind of reminded me of haze for some reason. the main dancefloor was a good size. the music was a good mix of hip hop that night and turned into more house music as it got later. the service was good. we had attentive servers.we had asked for a table inside after awhile because it got so cold and they accomodated us almost instantly.one of the best ideas in that club was their photo booth. i guess they are the new thing now. they are so much more conveneint and so much fun to use. they had the whole set up with the props and everything. its a good place to check out. an overall great experience. although the same as always with any of the other clubs in vegas.
4	Came here to see Sander Van Doorn in February.  Since we were ticket holders, it was a pretty speedy entry (I'd say 10-15 mins to get in).  I thought the security guards were kind of chill (this was upon entry), I even made one laugh.  Anyways... I don't remember walking around the entire nightclub, but the first place we went to was the outdoor patio/bar area.  I loved our bartender (she was so sweet) & she made my drink strong for just a red bull & vodka.  I fell in love with the outside decor & has convinced me that I want to come back here during the Summertime to get a daybed cabana.  Later in the night, some guy ordered liquid cocaine shots (goldschlagger, jager, 151) + patron (which was cabo wabo instead) & that's when everything went downhill from there.  A.K.A., I blacked out & don't remember anything after that... except getting a free chaser from our lovely bartender.  (I think she saw the look I gave on my face).  I felt so bad that even before Sander came on... I was thrown out.  Woke up the next morning w/ bruises everywhere (mainly on the left side of my body).  ... this was my first time getting escorted out of a club.  I was fine before the shots.  Beautiful club from what I remember & will be coming back before you know it!  ;]
5	This place is the SHIT. That's all you need to know. If you're in Vegas, this is the place to be right now! Came here with a group of friends back in January right after it first opened, was lucky to go the same night ATB was dj'ing! Yeah, I know... Sick right? It's okay to be jealous. But you can go too and have as much fun as we did, and you'll probably get a cool deejay because it seems like they always have good guest djs! Plus, the club setup and decor is beau-ti-ful. They have indoor and outdoor parts as well. They have bars set up everywhere throughout the club. Yes, I loved it indeed.
5	THIS IS WHAT I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR TO COME TO VEGAS!!!!!They bring in the top dj's from all over the world...now I don't have to travel all over just to see my favorite dj's.On 2/19/11 they brought in Above & Beyond and the only word I can use to describe the feeling....EUPHORIC!!!!!!   This club just bumped out Vanity to take over the # 3 slot in my favorite clubs in Vegas....# 1 is XS and #  2 is Surrender.  As long as they keep bringing in the top dj's I will continue to be a fan!!!Cheers!
4	Definitely glam, absolutely gorgeous. Just like the Cosmopolitan, it's filled with sexy lighting and some of the world's best DJs. I saw Above & Beyond on 2/19, and I was impressed by its decor.The only downside to my visit was the volume of people in the club. It was impossible to navigate through crowds to ever reach a point to sit or stand. Even the dance floors were full, so the entire night was spent walking until a bouncer asked us to move.The outside area is lovely, but freezing! I recommend this place to anyone who doesn't mind pushing through crowds.
1	POORLY ORGANIZED and POORLY CONSTRUCTED NIGHTCLUB!WHY on earth would they make so many staircases inside a nightclub! imagine walking all night climbing stairs in 5 inch heels! There was absolutely no room for walking or standing, let alone dancing!  Rooms are SMALL. MUSIC SUCKED (house music).  I will NEVER go back to this place. I'm going to stick to our beloved XS bc they have never disappointed me.  DO NOT GO HERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO WAIT 2 HOURS IN LINE TO STAND AND BE PUSHED AROUND INSIDE A SMALL ASS DANCE FLOOR! NOT WORTH IT!!!
2	Ignore the glitz and glamor...this place is a waste of time.  The wait to get in is forever long.  We stood in line at 8 and didn't get to the door until 945.  Once you get in, there are 3 levels of disappointment to choose from and to get to each one, you have to walk up and down several flights of stairs.    The bottom floor...I didn't stay on this floor long, because people were just standing around.  I didn't come to a club to stand around and people watch, so on to the next one.The main floor was popping.  If you can't dance and want to get lucky this is the place to be.  I could barely walk to the dance floor without people brushing their sweat up against me.  When I finally got to the floor, the bouncers were telling people to move and walk the other way bc the floor was too packed.  "That's fine," I thought..."There's always the 3rd room. "The top floor had chairs and tables everywhere.  The room was smaller than my hotel room.  What's the point of having an area where you can barely move and to get out, you have to walk around in a circle?! At this point I was done with Marquee.  I just wanted to get out, but it's not going to be that easy.  I felt like I had to go through a maze of 6-7 flights of stairs, to get out of this house of horror.  For anyone that is heavily intoxicated, I will pray for you.  So why the extra star you may ask?  Well the bathroom line was real quick and I did get in the club for free.  However, I'm sure the line was short because people would rather pee on themselves before walking out in the cold and getting lost in the maze that is Marquee. I felt like Goldilocks and the three bears.  Except that I kept on hoping for the "just right" moment, but it never came and I would have rather been chased out by a bear.
1	If you have been to other vegas clubs like Tryst, XS etc. and come to Marquee (like me) because you wanted to experience the newest vegas club I think you will leave disappointed. Even though we had a fun time everyone in our party independently came to the conclusion that we wouldn't come back here. I really don't understand the reviews that are raving about how beautiful the place is. Visually it has nothing on XS and even compared to Tryst or Surrender it hardly impresses (I realize I just named all Wynn/Encore properties, no I'm not affiliated with them, they just happen to have elegant clubs :))The level of service we got at Marquee was way below what we would expect for the kind of money involved (2k minimum got us a terrible table, so we upped our minimum to get a decent table). My buddy described it as "they're phoning it in" because it is so popular. I think that kind of describes it. Our hostess was absent most of the time and so I wasnt feeling generous and my patience was wearing thin when at the end of the night we had money left over and she insisted it couldn't be closed out without purchasing something. I explained that i understood what a minimum was and that was ok with me I just wanted to close out and get my ID and card back and obviously they keep the difference, we had only agreed to that minimum anyway to get the bigger table. What would be the point of us waiting for her to come open another bottle and bring a bunch of mixers when we were about to leave and what a waste anyway. Just take the money, how hard is that? We literally had a 20 minute argument about this. she even had the audacity to suggest I use the money to buy her a bottle of champagne to take home. Are you serious? I wasnt allowed to use the excess to buy the bottle for the table next to me but I could buy it for the hostess that was invisible half the night? Could hardly believe what she was saying. The whole thing made no sense and was just aggravating for no reason.My friends and I have had excellent service in a variety of clubs in vegas, so what is Marquee's problem? Power to them that they are the 'it' club of the moment but they already lost our return business so good luck to them a year or two from now when the novelty fades. I don't expect them to have much staying power. To offset my bitterness about this experience I'm going to go write a positive review about Lavo and the service we got there the previous night. Sure its a small club and not as fancy but we got treated like gold for spending 25% of what we spent at Marquee.
1	Went to see Above & Beyond spin on 2/19/11. I love A&B so my girlfriends and I were excited to see them spin at a new venue. We had front of the line privileges with no cover charge...this club STILL sucked! The layout is awful with little or no room to dance. They packed the entire club to full capacity (or over) which made it absolutely impossible to maneuver anywhere. What a huge cluster-f**k! The lack of organization was unacceptable. Unless you like to be pushed, jostled, or rubbed up against by strangers rolling on E, I do not recommend this club to anyone!
3	I've been here twice...both times we had bottle service. Overall all like this place. The sound system is on point and the service is great. The only thing I will complain about is that the hip hop room is a bit small and you have to push and squeeze to get anywhere....THE PLACE WAS PACKED!!!!First time I went we had a table in the hip hop room. Table to the left was the Dallas Cowboys and the table to the right was G-Unit. Kind of who cares but somewhat cool at the same time. $4000 for 3 bottles of Henny. The second time was in the main room and the table was right by the stage. I had a blast!!!I do like this place over the Bank / Heat / or Pure. I'll be coming back.
4	HELLOOOO fancy smancy club!I've never been to a club that seemed like a maze trying to get to the main level! Once you reached the main level, there's a dance floor and a huge walk way that opens to the outside pool with bottle service tables.This place is great! Always popping! Dranks were stiff in prices but hey! It's Vegas so that's expected! One of the things I love about Vegas is that they don't cheap you with alcohol!Checked out the boom-box aka hip hop room in the 2nd floor and had to use the stairs on the side while it was freezing - no bueno! This room was suuuuper packed!it was so hard to dance in the dance floor! If some one decided to  cropdust us it would have been game over!That was not the case luckily! So my girlfriends and I decided to stay on the outside of the dance by the bar! Thank goodness! We had the hottest bartender in the world!LOL! I wanna give a shout to PAUL! we LOOOVE u!!One bummer bout marquee is that you have to use the stairs exiting out of the club! Can you say LIABILITY to girls that are stumbling getting out of the club?!?! Not only drunk girls but girls who are wearing 5in heels like myself. It was truly a pain in the ass! BUT i looove MARQUEE!
5	Marquee Nightclub Las Vegas has set a new standard for nightlife. Marquee caters to all type of club music fans with a dedicated house, electronic, and hip hop room. Drink are mostly $12 a piece. Highly recommend the Fist Pump drink (shot of pop rocks and redbull with Jager). If you want to get in before midnight make sure you are in line no later than 830 on a weekend.
4	Great new club! Open layout, lots of fresh air and seating outside and room to groove inside. There is a separate hip hop dance floor (which is always smaller for some reason) and house music floor, but both are fun! Young and hip crowd, and I did not encounter any nasty old creepers!!! Definitely coming back here next month. Thank you marquee for an awesome night!
2	Please....do yourself a favor and do NOT waste your time or money. This club is for the most part ridiculous (as in, BAD).I have been on 2 occasions: one for Kaskade and one for Above&Beyond. There are so many issues that they need to work on. Both times they had a hip hop opener on a house music night! WTF? The #4 DJ in the world and you open with lame ass hip hop (that's a bad DJ as it is)?? Way to drop the ball Marquee.....Then, you probably pay off the fire marshall to WAY OVERPACK the club to levels where dangerous mobs of people will literally crush you between between. You can not walk anywhere... and everywhere you try and stand the bouncer says, "You have to move. You can't stand there. Sorry, you can't stand there either. You have to move." Move WHERE?! The dancefloor is *tiny*. Too bad they wasted all the space on the patio. The stage/light show set up is amazing and the sound system good, BUT, amidst all the bad stuff, please... stay far, far away. Side note: my girlfriend and her dude ordered 1 round of 2 drinks at the bar and the tab for those 2 drinks?? $55!!! Insane. Also, 80% of the club is asian so you better be OK with that too.
5	In the newest hotel Cosmopolitan lies the Marquee nightclub. This hotel attracts the Hip, Young and Collar Poppin' crowd. Once you walk into the Cosmo, you'll start to feel the ENERGY shoot through your veins. The modern design with chandeliers lights can be seen every where. The club has a sleek and chic design with plush lounge chairs featuring 3 different rooms  and 3 different genre of music (House Music, Boom Box - Hip Hop, Trance on the Rooftop patio). They have the best DJs (Steve Angello, Above and Beyond, ATB, Kascade) in the world spinning here. Since we were on the Guestlist, we had to wait only 10 minutes with no cover charge. I would never wait in line for a club especially in Vegas. It is all about who you know, making sure you name is on the guestlist and having Playboy type of girls by your side. The dance floor does get pretty jam packed but when your favorite DJ is spinning on the 1 and 2s you don't even notice. Overall, one of the best nightclubs in Sin City!
4	wen there saturday presidents day weekend when above and beyond was playing.  club was very nice.  but it was so packed you couldnt even lean like a cholo (elbows up, side to side)
5	The line is never ending and the place gets RIDONKULOUSLY packed!!! I go at 9 usually just to get stamped that way I can leave and come back.Main dance floor is quite small and you do feel like cattle. The bouncers push you around and are quite rude.So why is this place so special???FUNKTION-ONE sound system, IT WILL MOVE YOUR INSIDES!!! Including your bowels, so make sure you take care of business before the club. The sound is so powerful that I started to bring ear plugs just for this club because sometimes I feel like my ears are just going to blow at any given time.The other reason, THE TALENT!!! Bajeebus, if you are an EDM freak, this is the place to be. Resident DJs are Kaskade, Above & Beyond, Dirty South, Markus Schulz, etc. This place attracts them all, so get your Untz Untz on!Also the stage is pretty ridiculous too, the dancers dress in the most outrageous costumes. This girl once shot fireworks out of her bra (think Austin Powers femme bot).I've been to this club 4 times in the last two months and plenty more scheduled and I live in L.A. This is now the Mecca for EDM in U.S.!!!
4	Getting into the Marquee on Saturday night during President's Day weekend was interesting. As my friends were eating at Holstein's, they saw the line grow starting at 8pm to get into the Marquee. Around 9:45pm, we decided to go wait in line. It turns out there's a separate line for hotel guests which was much shorter. After a little running around so that I could get our group of 6 in, it turns out that only 2 hotel guests per room are allowed to go in for free. However, my other 4 friends were able to skip the lines and pay cover. $20 for girls, $40 for guys. So all the running around was worth it in the end. I also learned that hotel guests will always be able to get into the Marquee no matter how busy the night is excluding, of course, paid concerts like the Black Keys. We take an elevator to the main room of the Marquee and it is packed. And a rude bunch of a crowd too. A lot of pushing and shoving. We couldn't dance. By 10:30pm, there was already a fight on the main floor. The DJs are awesome and it was great to see Above & Beyond. The sound system is fantastic.  I can hear and feel the bass in my hotel room on the 69th floor. But the stairs are a killer. I wore my heels for an hour and went back to my hotel room to change to my flats. And what a difference! Screw heels here. And the dress code wasn't consistent. There were a few people wearing sweats and regular day clothes. So I didn't feel bad about wearing flats. The bouncers are great and really nice. My favorite room is on the 3rd floor in the Library. There are doors on the opposite side of the bar. Go through them and you'll be on a balcony overlooking the main room. It is awesome.I also loved the Dayclub. My friends and I relaxed here and played with water in the jacuzzis. I can't wait to come back when it's warmer.
3	Was on guestlist for saturday night, girls got in free while guys had to pay $25 bucks. The line was ridiculously long, I want to say we were waiting in line for at least an hour before getting in. When you first enter the club, you take an elevator to the club. Once you come out of the elevator, there is a bar and then a hallway which will take you to the dance floor. The main dance floor was not too big, it got a little crowded at times, but i suppose thats expected at these large scale night clubs. There is also another bar across from the main dance floor, however this bar was PACKED all the time. There was another level of the club we got to check out, it was a hip hop room, it was okay.. nothing special there. As for the music in the main dance floor... it could have been a little better. When you leave the club, you have to go down about three flights of stairs... you go from this ritzy glamour night club, to a janky warehouse looking stairwell. A lot of people I have talked to seem to like marquee over xs, but I think there is no comparison. Xs trumps marquee.. by a landslide!
4	Marquee is a hot mess, but a glamorous one =)The lines to get into the club are ridiculous and look completely unorganized but the bouncers/ door guys know exactly what lines are for what. They make a chaotic scene look under controlled! There isn't really a dress code. And that is sort of a disappointment. Some girls are in flats and leggings and guys are in tennis shoes and tee. Navigating through the club can be a challenge, I admit. The stairs are killers- yes. The dance floor gets too crowed and you feel like your in a can of sardines, yes. But those are things that can be overlooked. Haah. The DJ and entertainers are great. The sound system is crazy. And the bartenders are good looking and nice.
4	One word.... CROWDED!!!!!!!!!! I couldn't even tell how "glamorous" it was in there cause all I saw were PEOPLE!!! There was a DJ in the "Library".. and the pool table was FREE all night!!! Drinks were tasty but pricey. But what do you expect? Your in one of the newest clubs in Vegas located in a SUPER sophisticated, glamorous, baller status hotel/casino. I got 2 patron & pineapple, 2 shots of patron and 2 beers for $72.  WOMAN: Wear some cute open toed strappy sandals cause yes, there are a lot of stairs! Because it was so crowded, I got my toes stepped on a few times.. but I'd rather get my toes stepped on and be able to dance then having to rest my feet every 30mins from wearing heels.. I'm sure glad I did after reading all the reviews, thanks yelpers!! Also, you better know somebody that knows somebody that KNOWS somebody if you expect to get in this club with no line. I'm sure glad I did!!
5	Stellar club.  This past weekend was my fifth visit to Marquee for Markus Schulz, along with Kaskade, Sander van Doorn, Above and Beyond and EC Twins for previous visits.  Beats and lights in this place just kicked my ass.  If you think the dance floor is small, you're pretty much correct, but you better dance hard or you'll get floored (unless you're larger, but if you don't like to dance, then get the fuck out of the way.)  Club is glitzy and the crowd can be trashy, depending on what music's playing.  Don't be the drunk moron who jumps in the pool or the blackout breezy yacking all over the place b/c you can't hold your shit.  This place is too classy for that.Also, the person who installed the foghorn within the past couple weeks needs to die.
3	Packed...but the library is a cool room if you need a break form the pit!
3	I was super excited to come here since it's the new kid and has received so much hype.  I was expecting to be amazed and go WOW, but sadly, it only crossed my mind once.  Could've been that I pictured it differently or that my expectations were too high.  Since two of us didn't get to Vegas until 1030PM, we missed the chance to get our stamps.  However, after meandering through the crowd, we were lucky enough to find a nice bouncer that let us in without having to wait in the super long line.  Outside it looked like it was another Asian Invasion, but once inside, the crowd was pretty diverse.  Maybe they have an Asian quota?? =POnce you pay/get through, you use an elevator to go down to the actual club.  The first thing you see is a bar in an underwhelming room.  Drinks are the usual Vegas price, $15/shot.  To get to the different rooms, you have to go up and down stairs, which are killer when you're wearing heels.  It's also a buzzkill.  The Boombox Room was pretty standard in terms of layout and design.  This was the only room that played hip-hop though and it was crazy packed!  The Library Room is more lounge-y since it's small and designed for a more cozy feel.  There's no room for dancing, but there is a pool table and chairs to sit if you're tired.  It does have a small balcony, apparently the place to makeout and hookup, that overlooks the Main/Performance Room, which was Marquee's only wow factor for me.  The EC Twins were spinning that night and it's definitely got a rave/house feel to it.  I really liked this room, however I didn't get to spend much time in it.  The main dance floor is in the middle of everything, but due to the fact that it was sooooooo packed, they weren't letting anymore people in.  Too bad.It might have been the mix of lots of shots and super nice people who gave us free alcohol at their tables, but overall I had fun.  It won't be my first choice for a club when I go to Vegas, but it's definitely not my last.
4	THIS CLUB IS SEVERELY OVERHYPPED!However it was still extremely nice, but not on the same level as XS for many reasonsI came to Marquee over the weekend with a group of about 15 people. My promoter got us all in for free and quickly which was one of the only things it had over XS which could be a pain in the ass to get in sometimes. Anyways the music in the club was mainly trance and house however they did have different dance floors and rooms for different genres. I know they played hip hop in the boombox down stairs from the main room. The crowd was very diverse which i really enjoyed. I hate how Asians are invading everywhere even though I am Asian myself. The drinks were strong which is a plus in my book because it means you would need less to get drunk hahaha.I came mainly to Marquee because I wanted to see Makus Schulz which turned into the biggest fail ever since i blacked out. However from my friends I heard that he killed it. Marquee seems to be getting better DJ's than XS but other than that their music is the same. The main dance floor is rather small for a club that has so much hype. They closed it off around 1AM since it was so packed. Would have been better if it was more open to avoid ppl bumping you with their drinks.The one thing I have to complain about Marquee is STAIR STAIRS AND MORE STAIRS. I have never had to walk up to many stars to get somewhere. The layout of the club was honestly designed by a person who did not care about the easy flow of drunk people and girls in high heels. To get in you need to get packed into an elevator and to leave you need to climb down like 4 stories worth of stars. Everytime i was in the stairwell I could hear girls complaining hahaha.Overall a very nice club with good drinks, good people, and most importantly good music. However XS will always remain on top mainly dude to the wide open spaces and abundance of ramps! This is a must see club though but don't trip if you don't get in.
3	Marquee is a HOT MESS. Wow. President's Day weekend was insane. It's disorganized. That's the one word to sum this place up. Disorganized. We knew it would be crazy packed so our promoter told us to be in line by 8-8:30. However, my friends were staying at the Cosmopolitan and the front desk and concierge had both told them that if they go to the line by 10, one room key can get 2 people in. I knew something was wrong and just wished I could have gotten there at 8, but I trusted my friends. We get in line at 10 only to finally get in at 1 a.m. after being in the front of the line for 3 hours. We finally get to the desk and the girl says everyone has to pay even though we have room keys.  Apparently, only 1 person PER ROOM can get in for free. Of course my friend complains and the girl "GRACIOUSLY" offers to comp the girls because girls are NEVER comped at the clubs. Right, ladies? Whatever! Don't talk to me like I've never been at a club before. She made the 3 guys pay $40 each. Okay, pretty standard for a new club. My friend finally gives in because we're holding up a line and the girl charges her card $240! Then says oops, doesn't process the refund, and promises my friend that the concierge will refund her the $120 and maybe the other $120. Of course, my friend asks for this in writing and the girl gets super annoyed. WHAT A BITCH. She's the one who made a mistake and overcharged. In the end, the concierge refunded her $120 and gave her hotel credit for $120. I know the club and the hotel are separate entities, but come on! GET YOUR FACTS STRAIGHT and don't tell your hotel guests the wrong information.I knew I should have just gotten there early for the guestlist. Oh well. Standard Vegas mistake.We finally get inside and it's packed full and you can barely move around. We're not huge trance fans, so we go to the hip hop room which would have been cool... if they played hip hop. I kind of wished I stayed downstairs to watch the dumb Asian boys play with their glowsticks. Yes, ladies, glowsticks.The club itself is fine and fun with friends, but it's disorganized and that girl at the desk was a bitch. I expected the club to be packed and there to be long lines, but the girl at the front nearly ruined the night for all of us.
5	I'm in love with this club!  I think it's probably the best club in Vegas right now.  I really wanted to try this place since I had heard so many good things about it, so I got in line at 1:00am and patiently waited an hour to get in, which actually wasn't bad since my friends and I were cracking jokes with the bouncers and they were letting us go in and out of line to eat and drink (we had a 1:1 ratio so I knew we weren't going to get to cut in line unless we bribed the bouncers and I don't bribe for sh*t; I'll wait, thanks).  Cover is $20 girls/$30 guys.  The actual club is pretty huge.  The main trance/house floor is the largest floor and sooo awesome!  When I go to a club, I actually like to dance to trance/house stuff more than hip-hop, so I was loving this.  The electronic display/go-go girl dance space behind the DJ booth was pretty cool and so was the freaking cold blasts of air that would randomly hit the dance floor!  It was much appreciated after dancing up a storm.The upstairs room was small and played old school hip-hop, but what I like most about this floor is that if you go through one of the hallways on the other side of the floor, there are chairs and couches you can sit on!  Yay for free seating in a packed club!The downstairs hip-hop room was pretty good too, but it really needs A/C or something because I almost passed out from the heat.  Luckily there's the smoking patio just outside where you can step out for fresh air.Overall, I really enjoyed my time at Marquee and would definitely come back here again.  Next time, I'll probably go earlier like some of the other reviewers are mentioning and get the hand stamp, so I can avoid the line later.
3	The staircases weren't THAT bad. The layout is WEIRD, but I guess there is something for everyone in this club. They are serious about bottle service, and they are money grubbin' at the door. Our party was so big that they wouldn't let us in without adding more bottles to the table. Took 45 minutes to get in, and when we did they put us in the main room, moved us twice, until we finally got to our desired destination: the hip hop room.Once in, everything was good. The music was good, and everyone had fun. For a big club, you'd think their bathrooms would be bigger and more accommodating. I'm glad their is a bathroom in every room though, because this place can be like a maze. I felt sorry for the DJ in the hip hop room. They are crammed in a corner with high foot traffic. They just have enough room to put their laptop to play the music, and that's it! It is as if the Dj was an afterthought.
2	Club is completely over crouwded, they herd you like cattle,, even if you have bottle service, which for 10 people was 4k. They dont treat you oike anytihng special,, My husbands credit card had a problem with a hold because the fruad department fladded it from him using it so much,, even after the vip host talked ont he phone with his bank, she still did not let us get even 1 bottle to start our night.. we all just sat at out over crowded 4k table desperately needing a drink, We all finally got fed up and left, the next day his card had been swiped so many times by this place even after we left from the frustration. They could not of been less accomidating. Nightmare of a place,, the music was very nice and an awesome sound syste,m though. They need to filter the amount of people in there and work on the guest relations.
3	For me, Marquee was a 4 star club... Until I got to the stairs. Granted, if I were in more comfortable shoes and did not have a screaming headache and mild asthma attack from the abundance of cigars around me, the stairs wouldn't have made a big deal. However, they do not do anything for the ambiance, especially for those unlucky individuals who have to go UP the stairs. My group (which did include a guy) did not have any trouble getting in. I had us guestlisted at the last minute and we were in the club within ten minutes. I will say that the security inside the club were possibly the nicest I've seen for a while. I haven't heard so many sentences with an exclamation at the end (unless they contained expletives or threats of bodily harm) in a club in a long time. We all received drink tickets which more than came in handy for our group. We opted to stay in the main room after hearing the other two rooms required stairs (little did we know we would be using those stairs later on). My friends and I voted and the general opinion was that the stairs should knock off two stars; however, the good time we had definitely earns back one. The club is really nice even though yes, the layout is VERY weird. I would come back!P.S. I thought I should add that while the stairs look like those slightly creepy back stairwells, half of them are fairly wide which helps with the traffic flow and there are security guards at almost every level just in case.
5	Came on a saturday night. The EC twins were playing. they are resdient djs there. Music was awesome. holy cow this place is massive. It didnt cross my mind at the time but the next morning when I was thinking about it. if there was a fire or some kind of choas was to happen. 99% of us would probly get trampled to death.  to enter the club u gotta get in an elevator that takes u up into the main floor and than from there u can either go up into another room upstairs or down stairs into another room. dont bother going down stairs, it was small and not mcuh going on. not worth the hike down the stairs. up stairs was  a great place to get a way from the chaos from the main room. security was very touchy about where u could and could not stand in the main room. which was NO WHERE. but the dance floor was way to packed to get it in to do any kind of dancing. it was only 10:30 0_o line was massssive.10x the line up of Tao. but we were fortunate enough to just pop out a 100 dollar bill and buy our way in. other wise it looked like a 3 hour wait.honestly the only way to i find to be able to enjoy all this club has to offer. the awesome music and that huge ass screen they have. u neeed bottle service. other wise u find ur self constantly being told to  keep it moving than  u end p up stairs which was okay but all the action is down stairs.** EDIT EDIT on second thought I have to give marquee 5 stars because my drunk ass friend lost his wallet there ( and regardless whether if it was one of thier employees who found the wallet and took the cash or just some random drunk) point being is that they took the time out to send him his wallet and ID. I am very impressed !
3	Important Tip: If you stay at Cosmo, you can get past the line and get in free.The venue itself is beautiful. 3 different levels, 3 different themes. The main floor is where most people are at. The night we were there, they had a special performer so it was WAAAAY too crowded. I didn't even feel like it was a dance floor. More like people just watching the DJ while shoving everyone around. The outside area of the main floor is very spacey, its a good place to chill to take a breather or talk to people. The upstairs library area that isn't really anything unless you want to get lost with someone there ;). The downstairs has a hiphop room which actually had people dancing. I was there most of the time, because we actually had space to move around.The staircases here were also terribly designed. They should've took inspiration from Palms and used escalators instead to get from floor to floor. Regardless, the venue itself is glamorous and beautiful and you have to check this place out at least once. I'm sure on a less chaotic night, it'd be more fun. They better shape up and learn from their early mistakes.
5	Awesomely sexy atmosphere. Go-go dancers are dimes. Kaskade was performing the night I attended - purely awesome, and I wouldn't considered myself to be his biggest fan. The vibe was fun, sexy, entertaining, and certainly a place you can make one of your "unforgettable Vegas experiences".  You may or may not want to pour champagne all over a hot girls body here. Bye.
4	Okay, I'm not going to lie about this place. My bf and friends and I decided to go to Marquee on a Saturday night for his cousin's birthday. We decided to go a little later, about 10pm. Bad idea. The lines were HORRIBLE and that was already for the guest list. We ended up waiting for 3 hours despite being on the list. *Note to self before going there, it is much better to either buy tickets or get a table if you are not patient enough to wait that long"Getting in was a different experience though. First, they lead you to the elevators where they take you to the main hall. They have 3 levels, the main hall, which was Trance, then the lower level was Hip Hop and th upper level was more of a kick back chill place with pool tables and a fireplace. The music and the effects, light, rain and all, was fantastic. The outside was a sight too. It was amazing, although I don't remember much because of too much Hennessy in my system. HAHA! But yeah, it was one terrific night. All of us branded it as "worth the wait". And it definitely was worth the wait. :)
5	I think I would give Marquee 4 stars. For the night of 2/12/11 when DJ Kaskade was playing, can I give it six stars?My friend and I decided to go to Marquee that night, as one of our friends told us to check out the newest club that happened to be multiple stories high. So, on our last night, we headed out to Marquee.First off, the Cosmopolitan Hotel where Marquee was located was utterly gorgeous. Wow. Shiny everywhere- even to the point of the parking garage. You walk into the hotel and that's gorgeous as well. Omg.We stood in line about 45 minutes to get in. As it was our last night, we were like, "why not?" and rode up elevators to the main room....and bam, there was DJ Kaskade cranking out his music and the place was packed.A little too packed. I had this little girl behind me who had a horrible voice who kept screaming....but nonetheless, DJ Kaskade plays an amazing show. Lights, dancers, and the puffs of cold wind coming out of nowhere....along with his crazy good music? This was my first introduction to Kaskade. I had never even been into the techno/electronica music, but experience that night was so much fun...that I now am converted.We didn't even get to see the other floors. But overall experience? What a night, and only in Vegas. How it is without Kaskade? I'm not sure...I don't think it would be as good. But any night that Kaskade is playing...it's so worth it. Definitely go. What a night.
4	Really nice nightclub. Library room is especially nice. Even my highly skeptical bf enjoyed it, and he hates clubbing. Bartender was gorgeous and gave us free drinks when the ones we ordered were taking too long (they were out of bourbon).
4	Had bottle service at Marquee. They have table minimums and not bottle minimums. The service wasn't bad but they stuck us at a table that was too small. It could fit maybe 6 people at most, but we had 8. After one of my buddies started talking/arguing/yelling with the help, they moved us to a much better spot in the library.The layout is a bit funky. Our table was up on the 7th floor in the Library which is more relaxed. The main dance floor is on floor 6 and the hip hop room, called the boombox is on the 5th floor. You can go to different floors for different moods and music. It's kinda cool in case you are feeling a certain way. When I went the outside area was closed, probably due to the cold weather. There was an outside balcony for smokers, but I found myself going out there a few times just to get some fresh air, as weird as that sounds.The place gets packed! Luckily we had bottle service so we had a place to rest and chill.
4	3/ 2011The Marquee, visually is incredible! The decor is very modern and the layout is unique in comparison to other clubs in town.  Pros- * Awesome layout / Decor ... visually stimulating! * Music variety  * Friendly staff * Fast guest line Cons- * Drinks are extremely expensive!  3 drinks for nearly $50 ! * dance floors are way overcrowded  Tips- * hold on to the railing when you go up/down those stairs!  especially if you've been drinking. * drink before you get in! * Get here early unless you want to be waiting in line forever. * Monday is industry nights and free for locals.  Overall, I like this place.  I can't wait to go back (most likely on industry night) where it's free for locals.  Can't wait to explore this place more in-depth next time I come.  So far so good!  I didn't like the drink prices, but what do you expect from a trendy Vegas nightclub?  Don't let the long line intimidate.  It was extremely long, but the wait wasn't that bad considering the line was that long!  They seemed to be pretty organized.
3	Wow!!! Line wrapped around the corner, even for the guest list. Long wait to get in, but really cool/visually amazing layout inside. Favorite part - the balcony with the view of the city and the pool. It's also a great place to gather outside and talk with friends - but even that gets crowded. You want to do Vegas right, come here. Talk about classy, amazing and just all around worth it.Way crowded on the dance floor after 11 - packed like sardines and couldn't really even move. Amazing layout - it seemed very big but with intimate settings. Expensive drinks, but for the atmosphere I'd probably be willing to pay. Didn't realize there were other places to go in here. From what I heard bottle service is worth it. I'd like to give this place another try and see the other levels, as I didn't realize there were multiple levels and house isn't really my thing.I'd love to give this place four stars because I was having fun until it became so packed that it stopped being fun because you couldn't even move - and after the fifth time of being stiletto'd and the ninth time of being pushed/groped/jostled by creepy guys, I had enough.
2	My friends and I came to Marquee the last Friday in February.  Located in the absolutely beautiful and stunning The Cosmopolitan, it made me wonder why Marquee wasn't as breathtaking as the hotel was.  Prior to Marquee's opening, I saw news articles stating $60 million was spent on the club, $4 million of that spent on the DJ booth alone.  Once I got back, I did something I never do: researched to find out who was responsible for the horrible design of the club.  David Rockwell of the Rockwell Group in NY designed the club as well as lobbies, the beautiful Chandelier bar, and guest rooms of The Cosmopolitan...obviously he wasn't consistent in designs.  Marquee was created and is operated by TAO Group.  If you've ever been to TAO, you've experienced the tons of stairs involved to maneuver throughout the club.  The stairs and design of Marquee is absolutely horrible and it's obvious that there wasn't any female involvement in the design because no female in her right mind to walk everywhere in 5 inch heels.COVER:$20 girls/$30-50 guys (up to the manager's discretion)Security were RUDE and SHADY with us.  We had 5 girls and 2 guys.  The girls were on the guestlist, however one security guard told us that there was no way that the guys would get in themselves without 2 girls with them.  My friend and I happily stood in line with the guys to be surprised by a RUDE security guy that since we were standing in that line, my friend and I would have to pay cover.  We explained that we were standing there so our guy friends could get in but he wasn't trying to hear any of it and rudely cut us off  and said we had to pay since we were standing in that line. LINE:Since it's a new club, we knew it would be crowded.  We arrived at 9:45pm.  There was probably about 40 or so people in the guy/girl guestlist line and the general admission line was completely empty.ROOMS:*Library Room - Consisted of a pool table and a bar, more of a lounge area*Main Room - Pop and House, lots of tables for bottle service however 80% or so was empty when we were there*BoomBox - Hip-Hop and Top 40s (1 star, you don't have to worry about your favorite Hip-Hop songs mixed in with House)BAR:$16-17 per shot for Cognac(1 star because they have Hennessy Black!)EXIT:Good luck trying to leave the club.  Seriously.  There are several sets of stairs, each one leading somewhere differently and rarely you ever find one that actually let's you out of the club.  My friend and I had to ask how to leave because the place was like a maze and we were led out a door.  Walking through that crappy exit made it seem like I was in the emergency exit of an industrial building, no reflection on the hotel at all.  What's worse is that we ended up on the opposite end of the exit that our friends went through.Do yourself a favor, go to XS.  Only because of a hip-hop only room and Hennessy Black, Marquee gets TWO stars for me.  Would I come back?  Maybe one more time and that's it, but because I want to see the pool.
4	ah Marquee..  the new IT club in vegas.i came here just last weekend 3/4/11 & Dirty South was spinningTips: 1.) get there EARLY !! seriously the line starts forming around 830, we got there exactly at 9, and managed to get in the front of the line, easy entrance for girls, and it was free! $25 for guys since we were so early2.) dress code - FANCYYY. my friend wore a blazer jacket but didn't have a dress shirt on the inside (such a noob move), just a regular shirt & they wouldn't let him in.  Also no tennis shoes at all...even if its all or 90% black, strictly dress shoes3.) don't LOOK/ACT/SEEM drunk. they are nazi's about this, one slip and they kick you out.otherwise, Marquee is a really nice club, has 3 stories, the main story where the dj spins has a spacious dance floor and banging speakers, perfect for those hands in the air moments :)my favorite part of marquee is the outdoor area, really big, where the pool is and it over looks all the brightly lit vegas buildings around it, gives it a really nice ambiance, and it just so happens the weather was perfect when we went.#1 likes about this club is, there are so many bars around, you never have to wait long to order a drink (unlike XS where it takes 1 hour just to reach the bar) at Marquee, the bartenders are nice & quick & no hassles around the bar. perfect !really nice club, maybe not as flashy as XS but definantly a TOP 3 club you must go to in vegas!
4	Came for Dirty South last weekend when my friends were in town. The venue has 3 stories: Main room (for the headliner DJ), house room, and hip-hop room. I only stayed in the main level the whole night. In fact, my friends got a cabana for us to hang out in outside the main room. Pros: decent music from the headliner. awesome large, exterior patio. Cons: crappy mashup hip-hop house music before the headliner. the bathroom was a pain in the ass to get to from the outside. the main dance floor could be bigger IMO.Tip: If you know you want to go to Marquee, just buy pre-sale tickets a few days ahead, and there is virtually no line at around 9-10 pm. If you do purchase pre-sale tickets, get your actual ticket on the first floor of the casino, jump in line on the third level (past the pizzeria), get yourself stamped, and then go back to your room to liquor yourself up and enter any time you want.
5	FORGET ABOUT XS its all about MARQUEE now!! but you better have a hook up because the lines for this place are long and still go on past 2 am! we got special passes 2 guys get $35 cover w/ 2 girls in free!! & got to cut the linethere are apparently 2 stories but I only made it to the bottom floor!! there are seemingly 2 dance floors downstairs.. one by the stage w/ tons of lights flashing from overhead & (once that one gets too crowded) another one forms by the BARthe outside is lovely!! beautiful seating.. i think i remember an outdoor bar...you line up & enter from the upstairs OUTSIDE, then you go through an elevator and end up downstairs INSIDEabove and beyond performed when I was there.. but i have little recollection of that..JUST GO & FIND OUT FOR YOURSELF!!
2	eh, this place is sleek but i didn't loooove it. i got here around 2am on a friday night (well, saturday morning, technically). i was too drunk to attempt to try to find the library or hit up any of the other floors. not that many good places to dance. you may dance on some platforms but they are narrow and i was disinclined to try in my five inch heels. instead, they have one area by the dj that is like a five foot wide platform. since im scared of heights, i clung by the wall and danced up there just to avoid the sloppy throng of people below! lots of men spilling their drinks.the music wasn't my thing. i have no desire to return to marquee even though i am in love with the cosmo hotel! i wish i could write a more extensive review, but don't remember much more.
5	I absolutely LOVE this club. A lot of people don't like it and I think I've figured out why. Its all about the music. If you aren't into house or edm, then you will not like marquee. But if you are a fan like I am, then this is definitely a lot better than XS or Surrender. I love the DJ's that spin. The inside of the club, the dancefloor, is not too big, not too small and is filled with neat lighting and effects, such as falling foam and confetti. Outside is nice as well. Its a great place to get some air, and take a moment to recollect yourself. I also love the fact how there were so many cute asian guys there. I am hoping to come back to Marquee to see Kaskade :)
4	I had an awesome time here. I heard it was super hard to get in so my friends and I got here mad early haha. In fact, I was the first gentleman in the club, so i took a leisurely stroll around the venue, stood in the middle of the dance floor by myself, walked upstairs, downstairs, just checked out this mofo. Pretty nice club, although I think the best part about Marquee is the outside patio. Lots of space to move around, and multiple bars make buying drinks a breeze. I never waited more than 5 minutes to order, and the bartenders were pretty friendly overall. I forgot how much drinks were, but beers were $9/each.As for the security, I believe they're pretty strict. I didn't get kicked out, but a bunch of my female friends got kicked out for stupid shit like touching the jacuzzi water, or stumbling. Cmon man... we in a club.. in vegas! Whatever, I had fun.Side note, the staff at the cosmopolitan were very helpful. As I was holding up the hair of two females yacking outside the club, I was offered assistance on two different occasions in the form of a portable trash bag and a personal (and cordial) escort for me and my friends to the taxi line.Thanks Cosmo! ooot ooot!
4	The only reason it has 4 stars is because we got to pass up the 200 people line because our friend lies about getting into med school. LOL. And LMAFO was performing live. And our friend that we did not know was there had bottle service.But as a general admission point of view I would hate it. Do not wear uncomfortable shoes. You will be in them all night. The bouncers will yell at you if you take them off. Also, the club gets CROWDED so the dance floor is packed. There is a smaller room upstairs you can go to do chill out for a few. That is a plus.All in all nice club. But it literally is LAX but larger.
4	Marquee is a new nightclub rivaling other popular Vegas clubs XS, Tao and Surrender and is located one escalator ride up in the beautiful newly open Cosmopolitan Hotel.  The wait time for entrance into the club can apparently be up to 2 hours depending on how late you get into line. I highly suggest being in line by 9:00-9:30pm to get in easily, and you'll also save a couple bucks. Guys have been charged $50-$70 for entrance after 11:00pm. Bouncers are douches and narks and will find every reason to kick you out; if they get the tiniest notion that you are too buzzed/drunk or even just because they don't like you, they will confiscate your id and kick you out! I had to literally BEG for one to give my friend back her id although she was sober and just wanted to know if the water in the spa by our table was warm. They probably just want to make room for more people, who knows, but yes JERKS for real. Other than that, the inside is okay looking, I expected it to be designed better but its not. Restrooms are bright and clean with stools by mirrors so you can sit. The best part was the outside area in my opinion. The view is beautiful as its situated nearby the City Center, and there is lots of room to move around, always a plus! Pushy crowded areas tend to get me cranky. There are also plenty of large heating lamps that you can stand by if it gets too blustery since you are outside on a top level. Also lots of different bars to order drinks at! Fast service from bartenders, drinks are about $14-$18 for cocktails. Music is mostly house/trance/dance music :) TIP: Early arrival, Guestlist ahead of time, Ratio of girls to guys should be at least 1:1. Check online to see who's spinning Fridays/Saturdays. Have fun!
4	This is one of the newest club in VEGAS! It is located in one of the newest hotel COSMOPOLITAN.This club have been open since December 2010.. Every time I go to vegas I have to make sure I hit this club. I would rather be partying here instead of other club..The only part that sucks is the wait. If your not on the guest list that means your gonna have to wait in the general admission. It is usually a 2 hour wait.But that not my case.. Make sure your on the guest list it will take less time and you get in quicker.
2	Angel: I actually give it a 4.5 here's why: Although bouncers and security were originally created to protect patrons from harm (not harass them for blinking an eye or touching water) i have come to accept the inherent douchery that is the majority of  Las vegas nightlife (except for the like 6 security/host i have personally interacted with who happen to be quite friendly and willing to answer "insider" questions) The snoody Very Insulting Host who ask to check your I.D after having just checked your I.D. The bartender who holds your card after processing to see how much you are going to tip him, (in this case a short dark haired guy who works at the bar on the right placed just before the pool).This is Las Vegas, that's just how it is here, you can't change sin city. Sin City doesn't care what you think about it. With that said, I only rate my outtings on the experience itself.NUMBER 1: If you don't like house don't go to a club that plays house (NUMBER 2: Drinks in Vegas will ALWAYS BE $14 minimum @ MEGA clubs. NUMBER 3: Stairs are for YOUR benefit. If a fire breaks out I doubt I'd be taking my prescious time to squeeze into an elevator.NUMBER 4: This club is HUGE and full of beautiful people having a great time!!! Strong drinks, three rooms for music, EXCEPTIONAL performers including ballerinas and headlining DJs. NUMBER 5: Go no later than 10:30 best to go at 9:30 or you will not get in.I loved it, and would go back!Alex: 1 star. Angel wanted to see Kaskade, so we went even though I try to avoid nightclubs now mostly for reasons mentioned above. I was not surprised. I have partied around the fucking globe. Belgium, Germany, Italy, Romania, the UK, UAE, and more. No nightclubs have impressed me less than Vegas nightclubs, and Marquee is the new king of over-hyped, spit-on-your-shoes, I'm-better-than-you shitty attitude that doesn't belong in a venue where you come to let loose from the work week. I was charged $50, couldn't get my male friend in, was constantly pestered by security dweebs, smushed in a human meat sandwich, and of course over-charged for drinks all night. Besides typical Vegas nightclub fair, the overall design of the club was impressive. I wish I could have relaxed like I am able to at Voodoo Lounge, because I would have enjoyed taking everything in. Marquee just made me hungry to wake back up and find more valuable things to do with my time.
5	had probably one of the best clubbing experiences this past weekend at Marquee with my friends. Kaskade was spinning so we knew to expect big crowds, but our group did what we were told by our promoter contact and things went smoothly. even ratio of guys to girls, showed up to guestlist line at 9pm and waited maybe 10 minutes. girls were free and guys were $45 (the price of general admission that night i think)what truly made this a great experience was that all the bouncers were super nice and helpful. for instance, while waiting in line, the bouncer noticed that Justin B. was wearing Vans, not dress shoes. he pulled justin out of line with the promise of getting his spot back just to make sure that his shoes would get him into the club. the bouncer said he didnt want to waste our time if we couldnt even get in which i appreciated. after some nervous moments, we did get into the club. phew haha.once inside, we were chilling up in the library since it was still relatively early and not crowded upstairs. found some seats to preserve our feet for the evening and even snagged a few games of pool too. this time upstairs, the bouncer politely told us we would have to give up our seats b/c the people who actually paid for the table were at the club. we got up, but 5 min later the same bouncer found our group and told us we could sit back down and have the area b/c the ppl canceled! us 5 girls truly loved this (although i knew better and wore flats that night haha). it was so great that the bouncer went out of his way to find us.spent most of the time outside in the 'dayclub' portion of the club where they had video screens set up to see kaskade's set. we took over a corner of the dance floor and even snagged one of the flying swing cage chairs! main dance floors were packed inside but we had an awesome time outside. i may be a little old for the clubbing scene in vegas but i really did have an amazing time at marquee
5	Marquee was INSANE-O! its layers on layers of crazy night club adventures...i know its the new place in town but it was still pretty awesome- the music is choice- someone knew what they were doing- the night we went dirty south was spinning (and i was in HEAVEN!) super cool place and considering i wasnt smashed when i got there (or left) for me to tolerate a night club w/o alcohol means it was pretty awesome! check it out (if you can handle standing in line for over an hour- we lost some of our girls cuz their feet were hurting from their heels)
5	Came here for Dirty South and the place was rockin!!! That main floor is spectacular. You need to think of this place like an elevated version of XS. Elevated meaning up a couple floors with a view and the pool. Music = great and that's what it really comes down to!I think the drinks were decently priced, but i can't say i can honestly remember...
2	Don't get me wrong, this is a beautiful club.. very nice, gorgeous pool area, huge dance floor... but.... i didn't enjoy myself @ all1. you can use the elevator.. walking up the club by stairs i ain't talking about 2,3 levels like Tao.. I'm talking about 6,7 floors in my 5 inch heels. 2. I went there on a sat. night was extremely crowded.. i got pushed, stepped, hit on the face on the dance floor. People were rude, and the places is way to crowded, it smells bad too.. I don't even wanna know whats coming next ... so i left, i wasn't enjoying myself @ all.. If you are into a club scene with a lot of Asians, this is the place to go.. I've been told XS and Tao are all Asians, I guess they haven't been to Marquee yet...
5	Being the intense food-lover that I am, I'm pretty surprised that Marquee is what made me want to return to the Yelp! world (..well, actually..not THAT surprised...I love dancing almost just as intensely, but here goes).Saturday Night (yeee). Paul Van Dyk (amazing!). Party of 50 (!!).  Ladies free. Fellas $50.  Began the Marquee experience at 8:30PM.Now, many of you might think.."that is way too early to get to the club", because if you pre-party, your buzz is sure to wear off well before the club even gets packed.  I thought the exact same thing, but upon entering this gorgeous venue I saw the dance floor and my thoughts flew out of my mind and completely lost track of time.  Maybe it was the music.  Maybe it was being surrounded by my closest friends.  Maybe it was the bubbles that fell on us while we were dancing.  It probably was all of the above, but I think I'm going to give the majority of the credit to Marquee.  For the people who aren't as excited about dancing as I am, I like that there are plenty of places to rest, including the Library Lounge upstairs (check out the balcony overlooking the dance floor) and the expansive patio.  There is a truly breath-taking view of the city lights from the patio that you can take in while sitting on their various cushy chairs (there's one that looks like a cracked egg, I like!) and sofas, a swimming pool, individual pools/hot tubs, cabanas, and HEAT LAMPS (I think all ladies will appreciate)! But, the absolute best part of this club is that...it normally closes at 6AM...SIX IN THE MORNING...as in..it's basically like a buffet...of dancing. AYCD.  I'm a little too excited about this club, mostly because I just got back from Vegas and am suffering from withdrawals. But, I promise you.  If you love to dance and hate when venues close early, just get yourself over to Marquee, dress comfortably, and dance your heart out.  That is all!
4	So I heard this place was more "disgusting" than XS.  Which means I had to go give it a try.  There is a line at about 8 o clock at this place...which means if you don't get in early, your pretty much waste your night waiting in line.  Cover was a bit more than XS, i paid $45, and when I got in I was sort of disappointed.   They have 3 levels.  The top level is a loungy area with pool tables where you can hang out.  The middle level is the main level with a decent sized dance floor and a patio that opens outdoors to a small pool.  The bottom floor is the hip hop floor which I though was a little tight and hard to get around.  The ambiance and decor is nice, but I prefer XS cause I just felt more comfortable there.
5	I went to Marquee with my friends and it was amazing! We all had a blast and the music was great. When I was there I spent most of my time in the main room, which in my opinion was the best. Later on we made our way to the boombox room, but there weren't as many people so we went back to the main room. From the main you can get outside to an open space in case you want some air, which is really nice with all the people inside. As far as I know there are at least three bars (one in the main room, one in the boombox room, and one right when you get out of the elevators), so there isn't a long wait for you to get your drinks. The drinks that my friends and I had were pretty good, and strong enough to do the job.My friend had us on the guestlist, so once we were outside the club we got in the right line, got out ID's checked, got our wristbands and went right in. It was also nice that it was open bar for us till 11.
2	I have to climb how many flights of stairs in these heels?....uggggh...the club itself was very nice and drinks were stiff but all those stairs just really turned me off this place. Word to the wise, wear comfy shoes, which is pretty much impossible for us girls rockin five inch heels!
4	xs is better.
4	Cool club. Feels like another typical outdoor style mega club in vegas. In the day time its a day club with cabanas jacuzzis. I went with 11 guys and 12 girls for me and my buddy's birthday. We got a table on the outside cabana. Its where the wooden area is with orange couches and a jacuzzi in front. The minimum that night started at $3k but we ended up having to spend over $3.5k (not including 38% gratuity) to get where we wanted. Paul Van Dyke was a special guest DJ and he got the place jumpin. The waitresses and drink pourers were very cute and didn't beg for tips like other places. One thing i noticed compared to getting a table at surrender though was that we didn't have our own security. One complaint I had was at around 1am, I left with my lady to go dance to PVD and when I returned, the table was empty. I guess a couple of my buddies partied a little too hard and got kicked out. However, since the table was under my name I don't understand why I was not notified before they cleared the table. They even took all the girls' cameras and guys' coats to the lost and found. Talk about inconvenient.Marquee is the place to be.
2	TOTAL DISAPPOINTMENT.maybe cuz we decided to go on a saturday when above and beyond were going to be there....i knew it'd be packed...but DAMNNN.we had a guestlist pass thing....but omg, they had all the girls meet in an area and then we all walked up together...and seriously LOL it felt like they were showing us off to everyone around just to catch attention...kinda degrading we all thought....and then the line.....half of our group got in and then they stopped our line...to let other random lines in....and we waited like 30 more mins.....it was almost 12 and we swear if they were trying to hold us outside till after 12 to make us pay...forget it!after all that crazy waiting, we finally got in...and OMG again the STAIRS!! wtheckkk. lol its like a work out. then the craziness began, the trance room was packed and the hip hop was even crazier! trying to find your friends was sooo hard. i can usually deal with crowds and being packed like sardines, but this night i could not take it. i even felt claustrophobic and had to  give up and head on out. sorry marqueee maybe another time, but you were not the business
2	WAAAAAY to packed, not worth the TWO HOUR wait. Inside is nice as well as the outside area...but bottom line...unless you have bottle service, or are too drunk to care about the massive amount of people....dont waste your time!
5	Had a blast here. The Cosmopolitan and The Chandelier are amazing, and this place helps top off the Cosmo experience. Was fortunate to have a friend of a friend who was friends with head of security here so we even got to go VIP and practically walk right in. This was key especially since there were literally about 300 hundred people waiting in the "reserved" and general line. Club was 3 stories... one floor played hip hop, the other house, and the top floor was the "Library." My fav part. You have to check it out to see what I mean. It's set up like a library/study with a fireplace and couches...except with full bar and music. Only thing is that this place is HOT right now and get extremely crowded. But that could be a good thing. :)
5	Absolute must if you're in Vegas.Word of advice is to get on the guest list if you don't have the connections to skip the line entirely. The line is ridiculous and I hear it opens at 8:30?? Get there early!The bouncers are friendly and actually try to make conversations with you haha.Great club with a great music and a great crowd If only it weren't so cold that night I would have spent more time by the pool area that turns into a day club at sunrise :]Definitely would come back.
3	Maybe it was the crowd or probably the DJ, but this club did not impress. Yes the Decor and the club look over all was upscale and very appealing to the eye, but if people are not dancing then you have a problem. The maze of stairs and the feeling of being moved around like cattle was probably the most annoying. on the upside there is alot of outdoor seating, the View's of the strip were awesome and they did not cheap it out on the alcohol. And to comment on what other people wrote on here, yes the Security staff and Club staff are very friendly. I would give this Club one more chance.
3	First time here and I gotta say it was just OK. Multiple floors = walking stairs. No bueno when you are wearing heels. I liked the outdoor area because I could chill with my friends but the inside was way too crowded. Above and Beyond was AHH-mazing though. I usually don't like trance but I really liked them. Overall, I much prefer XS as it is one floor and it doesn't feel stuffy even with tons of ppl inside.
1	I got roughed up and robbed by security/bouncers at the club this past Saturday when Above and Beyond came.  It all started with the bartender when I was closing out my tab and paying for the bill, I got into some argument with her about being overcharged for some drinks I wasn't supposed to be charged for.  The bartender then calls out her boyfriend who was some busboy worker and we start arguing back and forth.  Next thing I know there's a security guy with a flashlight pointing at the bill telling me to pay for it, so I'm like fine whatever I'll pay.  I end up paying (and even leave her tip) and the security starts escorting me out.  I thought he was going to take me straight out of the club but instead he brings me into some back hallway where only staff/security are allowed.  Next thing I realize is I'm getting my ass tackled down by security guards, lying face down on the floor flat, one guard is gripping my neck towards the floor, another guard is holding my legs down, and another guy with a sheriff-looking badge is handcuffing me.  When I look up I see at least 10 security guards surrounding me.  While still pinned down and handcuffed, couple of the guards go thru my pockets, find my wallet and take my cash.  I had over $200 cash in my wallet before we went to the club and the next morning I look in my wallet to find only $40.After robbing me, two guards take me back to my suite while still handcuffed.  Oh yea, me and my friends got a suite at Cosmo; so I ended up getting roughed up like this while being a hotel guest.  Can it get any more mest up??Watch out guys, if you get into trouble don't let the security escort you out alone, walk out with a friend at least.  Who knows what these assholes will do to girls if they take em into the back hallways.  I love EDM but I'm never going back to this $hithole.
5	What a delicious experience! My twin sis and I came to Vegas for the weekend to celebrate our birthday, and what a great memory forever. Marquee, although crazy crazy busy lines, was sooo worth it. We went both for the Above & Beyond concert (trance fanatics) as well as Friday night to just dance and get in a blur. The main pits were crazy busy and everyone stepped on your toes, but everyone was just in the dance state, so it was an amazing experience. Friday night we finally found a separate little dance floor with a lot of room, and just had a magical time dancing away in our world. Saturday night (the A&B concert) was super packed, but we ended up near a railing, and near a bouncer, which was nice since they moved along the people, in front of us, but we were safe. Drinks were $14, but well worth it (it's vegas, and they were nice and strong!)  This is my new favorite place, and we will be back to stay again and party at Marquee!
4	I like Marquee, but again I like XS a whole lot better. One major concern: STAIRS. Never a women's best friend especially since you know, we like to wear stilts. Lower Level: Top 40s/hip hop, will get extremely crowded. Middle Level: Main room with the headlining DJs of the night. Above&Beyond, multiple thumbs up! The dance floor is fairly small for being the level that caters to the majority of people. This floor opens up into the outdoor area where bottle service and for the people avoiding the crowd. Heat lamps are everywhere, so huddle under one of those on cold nights. Otherwise, once the weather starts warming up, the outdoor area should be amazing.Top Level: "The Library." Bottle Service. Pool table. Balcony overlooking the main floor. Old school hip hop and a mix of current day hip hop. I like this room the best but there's no dancing up here. Don't get me started on the line. IT IS ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS. Don't even think about getting into the club until 2hrs after lining up if you get there later then 10. There are so many lines, I have no idea which ones go to where. Bottle Service line. General Admission line. Guestlist line. Mixed guestlist and general admission line. But barely any lines for the bathrooms or drinks. So, that's something to applaud Marquee for. If you need a reference for how Marquee is laid out, think of TAO except a whole lot better.
5	I went here on MLK weekend on a Saturday. There was a lot of people and the line was crazy. Thankfully one of my homegirls talked to one of the hosts n we did not wait in line that long and we had bottle service (I HIGHLY SUGGEST BOTTLE SERVICE HERE) we took an elevator down to the main room. Theres two rooms I think. The main room the played house. It was dj dirty souths primiere that night and he effin killed it! And downstairs was hip hop but it was a smaller room and super packed. They play mostly house on the main floor not like XS or TAO where its mostly electro/vegas style. So if you dont like house this might not be the club for you. We had bottle service outside and it was pretty nice. If youre paying with credit card make sure you have enough money on it because they accidentally charged the whole bill on my friends credit card when it was supposed to be half cash half credit and it got rejected because she did not have enough on her card and once it gets rejected they cant run it again (whack!) but luckily we had a friend to spot us. Theres hella stairs! if youre not wearin comfy heels, sucks for you. At some point of the night a table in the main room opened up so me n my girls got upgraded to the main room and it was INSANE. I really liked the dj setup. The setup was above the crowd and the lights n lightshow was amazing and there was a platform behing the djs where the gogos were and it looked cool. This is def my fave club its a must to go to on saturdays!
4	Wow!!!  This place was packed!!!!  Thank goodness that we had bottle service cuz not sure I could have handled the amount of people that were in this place.  Music was great (above and beyond)  and the place had a nice layout.  I will agree with some of the others, I think XS is a nicer layout, more open, definately doesn't feel as crowded.  I would go back but probably only if I was on guest list (so don't have to wait in the ridiculous line) or had bottle service.
4	New hotspot? Yes.Living up to it's hype? Yes and no.Let me explain why... the club itself is beautiful and in the same league as XS and so forth. But I'm pretty sure everyone prefers the layout of XS more, in regards of less congestion and easier to maneuver your way around the club.When you're out and you finally spot that cute girl you want to dance with... the last thing you wanna stop you is losing her in the crowd because you can't get around some fat guy and a group of grenades. The solution would be more open space and a clear walkway.I definitely enjoy the crowd here. Not because it's full of Asians but because everyone seems younger and the music is just awesome, sure to enable a "crackin" night! They have resident DJ's and guest DJ's all the time, make sure you check it out. Kaskade, Tiesto, ATB, and Above and Beyond are just some of the famous spinners who stop by here and make your night LEGENDARY.Another thing is, it's definitely hard to get into Marquee if you're just a group of guys. You can't even pay general admission if you're by yourself, you need an even ratio of guys/girls.
5	Marquee is awesome and has to be my favorite club!! It's the most popular club on the Strip as of now, which means that the lines are really long, so you would have to arrive early to get in. If you come late and don't get bottle service, you will NOT get in.  I was eating at Holstein's next door for dinner and people were already lining up around 8:30 pm!Venue:Multi-storied club with multiple DJs spinning different types of music.  Very modern and chic. Just take a look at the pictures.Music:1) Lower Level - Hip-Hop, club mixes, Old-school Hip-hop as well.2) Middle Level - Main Floor. The DJ was spinning House until ATB started spinning at 1am. SOOO SICK! He's awesome live. Marquee is known to have some very popular DJs to spin on Sat nights.3) Top Level - Lounge and bottle service.Crowd:The crowd is pretty young. Seems like everyone is under 30.  Lot of attractive women.Cons:If you want to move to different floors, you have to navigate through a lot of people and stairs. Could prove to be quite a difficult task if you've been drinking.
5	I could just be partial because my bff is a cocktail waitress here, but I had a really rad vodka-filled time at Marquee.I especially love their outdoor area where they have the pool, cabanas etc. because being in the open air sure beats the sardine-packed stuffiness of the boombox room downstairs. I appreciate how they themed the rooms according to varying tastes in ambiance/ music.  BTW ATB was there that night, and I was stoked!!Expensive everything, but had a beyond awesome first time.
3	GET IN LINE EARLY OR DON'T GET IN AT ALL! Okay I exaggerated!  But seriously, we had to wait at least 3 hours to get in because we didn't wait early enough (8 girls and 2 guys by the way). The bouncers wouldn't let us squat in line either! By the time we got in at 1:00am, our feet were in too much pain from standing to even dance. What a waste of three hours! We could have gone to a strip club instead!!!But wait, there's another way to avoid long lines: table! A group I knew who went there while ATB was playing spent $2500 on bottle service. But they got a free night at the Cosmopolitan! Alright that's not the reason why I gave it three stars. I mean you'd think that getting on the "guest list" means something, but no, you'll quickly realize that the guest list line is not any better. Maybe it's because Ferry Corsten was playing that night. Anyway, where is the guest list line exactly? Is it the guest list line that you don't have to pay for? Or is it the one you pay for to get in sooner but not as soon as you think? OR is it one of the multiple lines that gets combined together when it's passed 11:00pm when that guest list is closed so now all the lines are now general admission? YES!!! LINE UP EARLY PEOPLE OR SUFFER! (Unless you know a VIP host!) Anyway, the interior is so cool especially with the giant LED screen that cost $5 million, but the place is actually quite small compared to sister club TAO. You will suffocate from lack of oxygen, so make sure you go outside to catch a breather. Now... the route to exit is not so cool and not so high heel or drunk people friendly. Listen to the ladies here! We know best!!By the way, the service at Marquee stinks. Try not to get lost from your group. Okay I am confused about what I should really rate this club just as how I was confused about the guest list lines. It's just all mixed up. BUT, I am willing to give it a try again one day just to settle the score. There's my 2 cents!
4	Had a really great time at this club last night! The club has three levels, so there are changes in scenery and an abundance of places to dance (unlike other clubs).  The outdoor area that is a little more lax and is a great place to cool off after dancing all night.  They have multiple cabanas and pool areas for those who want to swim (in the day time) as well.  The one thing that I LOVED about this place was the abundance of bars. There's literally one every level and everywhere you turn it seems.Oh, and Monday night is Industry and locals night, so entrance is free!I gave this place 4/5 stars because the drink prices are a little too high. All drinks were $14-$15 (and small).  My advice, either find out when they have free drinks or pre-game at the casino or a smaller bar.
5	XS used to be the standard of Las Vegas clubbing. The pinnacle of luxury and...well, excess. Now there's a new standard, and its name is Marquee.I came here for my birthday to see Paul van Dyk, and it was epic. Legendary. Historic. The talent that is booked here on a regular basis is unparalleled. Just to give you a taste, here are some dj's that are scheduled in April: Sander van Doorn (4/8); Erick Morillo (4/9); Chuckie (4/15); Kaskade (4/16); Laidback Luke (4/18); Markus Schulz (4/23); Avicii (4/29). If you love house music, Marquee is your Eden.I've got one tip: COME EARLY (like 9pm early). Why? Because this club is so popular that there's a good chance you won't get in (even if you're a girl). Also because the moment you step inside, you're gonna need at least an hour to explore the club (the main floor, the lower floor, the upper floor, and the outdoor area). Marquee is a palace. There's no other way to put it.The main floor probably won't knock your socks off. It's modestly sized, and the bathrooms are a bit out of the way. The dance floor isn't huge, so when there's a big name dj (like Paul van Dyk) spinning that night, the main floor will be flooded and security will seal off access to it (which they did). So be wary of when/where you wander off to. Then you step outdoors, and the sheer size of it just takes your breath away. There are gigantic circular couches to sit or lie on. The outdoor bar is enormous. There are tons of heat lamps that will come in handy on chilly nights. Need to cool off? Have a drink? Cigarette? Wanna get to know the hottie you just met on the dance floor? Just step outside. Uh oh, is it too cold outside? But still don't feel like dancing? Go upstairs and chill in their lounge. There's another bar, pool tables, and a balcony (think Tao, but indoors). Mustered back some of your energy, but don't like house music? Go down to the bottom level where they play hip hop and top40.If you're a frequenter of Las Vegas and you haven't been to Marquee, you're fucking up in life (yes Mimi L, I'm talking to you). I may never reach your status and celebrity on Yelp, but I've been to Marquee =)
4	Came here on Saturday.. first time here since i haven't been to vegas since the Cosmo opened, beautiful hotel btw.Marquee - very nice venue, it does get very packed and a bit hard to move around, but if you have a table its fine. Outside is beautiful, with pool and cabana. Def coming back in the summer.It can be a bit hard to get in, i do see ppl lining up at 9pm... gotta have those hookups, and the door security ppl can be rude. Get in touch with your VIP host so you can walk right in! One thing i didn't like was the stairs... a bit annoying for girls when ur wearing short dresses and tall heels. Other than that loved the club.
4	Wow this nightclub is gorgeous! They treat everyone like a million bucks here. The valet service was amazing. They offer water, and the waiting room to pick up your vehicle was superb. We sat inside on cozy chairs. This hotel is hands down HIGH class!! and trust me they know how to run a business!! CUSTOMER SERVICE!! I love it here. There were three rooms. One was hip hop i love it!! the other one was a trance/house room super big. It was an indoor that reaches outside to the pool area. The other room was a lounge, where you can mingle, rest your dancing feet, and hope to get a one night stand. haha This club is awesome!! The lines to get in were super cool too... they have a separate line for ladies, which is awesome considering guys love to bug us to help them get in. Great idea!! The separate ladies line means no men in view. Woowhoo!! smart!!
3	I was astounded by the size but mostly by the sheer volume of people waiting to get in. I will confess that clubs are not my thing and therefore I wouldn't profess to know what makes one vastly different from another and also what makes one significantly better than the other. We were seated after waiting briefly in the VIP line and were escorted up to the our table on the veranda. Service was fine if not a bit slow, but with all the moving parts to this monstrosity I was not surprised nor annoyed. All in all an interesting experience. I would come back but certainly not at the expense of waiting in the massive line or having to deal with the gobs of security constantly bullying patrons. Security and hosts can be a bit obnoxious as we were constantly reminded that this is "THE club" in America right now. Ummmm... ok??
4	Getting in to the club is an experience by itself. We were on the guest list and very quickly rushed from one staging queue to another - kind of like cattle - by bouncers who really don't like people much. At 10:30 I expect the bouncers to be a bit nicer and peppier. For our trouble though we got in for free AND received drink tickets. The Main Floor had the best music and the most crowded dance floor. The Boombox had a chiller atmosphere with music to match. The Day Club was perfect for taking a break, enjoying a drink and doing a little people watching. Security was interesting - there was a pick pocket at The Main Floor towards the end of the night and myself along with about a half dozen other people had items stolen - they weren't terribly interested or responsive. Again - you're kind of treated like cattle. Even with the theft, we had a fantastic time and I'd definitely go back.
5	Went to Marquee for the 1st time last Saturday to see ATB.  I would liken it to going to vegas for my 1st time when I was 21, kind of a virgin experience! ;)We arrived before it opened to avoid a ridiculous wait and it wasn't too bad.  Maybe took 45 minutes to get in.  It was a bummer that they wouldn't let you drink in line, I had to ditch the round of drinks I bought for me and my friend on the way in LOL.  In contrast to other reviews I thought the layout outside made sense.  There were clear signs for VIP, General Admission, and Ticket Holders, and plenty of people to ask if you had questions.Once inside the place blew us away for all the reasons mentioned.  The only complaint was it got way over-packed near the dancefloor around 1-2:30 after Andre took the stage (yes we're on 1st name basis LOL).  It took around 30 minutes before the bouncer allowed us to squeeze through onto the dancefloor from there it was nirvana!One cool thing (pun not intended)...I noticed the dancefloor didn't get too overly hot.  I think they actually blow liquid nitrogen of some kind or something similar from the lights.  The LED board behind the DJ was awesome as well.  We got right up front and close...it just takes time and patience with the crowd.  The crowd was young hip and friendly btw.  Crowded but not the pushing each other type of crowd.  Marquee should just consider allowing fewer people in until 2am or so on big nights.We didn't try bottle service this time, maybe next time.  From the friendly service around the place I'll be surprised if we experience the same ridiculous upselling that occurred to us at XS.  I've scanned several of the reviews on here and haven't seen any issues to that effect.The staff from the bouncers outside to the guys in the elevators pumping you up to have a good time to the bartenders were great.  On several occasions a bartender would ask if we needed anything etc.  Beers at $10, Mixed drinks $16+?  made it easy to get served when you were ready for one.Overall, In stark contrast to my review on XS, this place was the bomb.  XS management i'm sure has been here and I hope they were taking notes, particularly in regards to the service.  XS's dancefloor may be bigger, but I'd cram into Marquee to see a top DJ any night for good service before i'd go to XS for Top 40 on their soon to be empty dancefloor.I had a blast at Marquee and can't wait to return.
2	Went here on a Saturday night April 4 to be exact.  I specifically asked for bottle service in the boom box room and my promoter delivered. DJ Eric Dlux was spinning that night, couldn't have asked for a better DJ.Now the reason why I only give the place 2 stars is because of the security game killers.  My table had a personal fat security bouncer name chad, chase whatever his stupid name was and he was the biggest cock blocker of the night.  The marquee rent a cops in suits need to take a lesson from the bouncers at Surrender or Tao where they actually bring dimes to your table and not block them.  Now my bill was $3000 plus and if I'm going to spend that kind of money somewhere I want bouncers bringing me ladies and not throwing them out of my table. Now I been to a lot of clubs with service in Vegas this by far is the most unpleasant one because of 1 stupid bouncer.The main reason why I'll probably go back here is because of the ratio. More girls than dudes is always a plus.
5	Hands down - one of the best nights were done here! Always a stellar DJ roster every weekend - the club to beat!Great ambiance- although the dance floor is a bit snug - there are different rooms that pump a variety of tunes. Very well decorated. The special entrance is a bit of a cluster tho- but beats the line :)LOVE LOVE LOVE and can't wait to go back!Great host - you know who you are. Saw Above & Beyond here twice and can't wait for many more nights...
4	Great venue, great resident DJs, and I love the pool outside.The bone I would have to pick would be that the bartenders tend to skip over people at the bar.And I had to climb seven flights of stairs from the third floor entrance just to get in! They said it was the "guestlist" line. Granted there were less people at that entrance, but it sucked climbing those stairs in 5-inch heels!
3	Came here the first night of my cousin's bday extravaganza, friday night. . .wht a love and hate relationship. . .loved that my grp got in free. . .hate all the stairs you have to climb just to get inside a room and to leave the club.Don't like the idea of being intoxicated in 5 inch heels and climbing and going down stairs.  The music was flowing. . .crowd was a mixture of old and young and totally packed.loved the fact we got drink tickets heard the drinks were super pricey.
5	F.U.N. The set up of this club is slightly different from the main hot spots in Vegas. It's about 3-4 floors in the Cosmopolitan. The top floor has something called the library: closely mirroring a lounge type area. The main floor has a huge dance floor, massive LED screen and patio area access to the left/corner. Then the bottom is another dance floor that plays mainly mainstream hip hop type music. Stuff you can get down and dirty in. I loved how this club doesn't get boring. Most clubs play a certain type of music  (ie. XS, Surrender) and if you don't like a particular song, you kinda just gotta tough it out. But for Marquee you can just leave for another danceCrowd-wise: young. Its the newest club in LV so it bring a more clubbing ambitious crowd. Cons: I came with lots of girls and they made us come from a different entrance to avoid the line BUT it involved climbing 3-4 flights of stairs in high heels and short skirt. Not cool. I suggest staying at the Cosmopolitan. Getting to and from the rooms is super convenient.
1	3 hours in line and never made it in.
3	Was here on a Saturday night (kaskade) sometime in March. It's very beautifully decorated and has many rooms to explore. I personally liked the Library in which you can find a pool table, a fireplace, and a bar. and some chairs. It's so cozy. My friend who's a promoter here told us to come around 9pm so we did. and got a stamp and left for this open bar at Palazzio (or something) and stayed there until 1030? THen came back to Marquee, and  dang it was packed. But we didnt have to wait in line or anything 'cause we had re-entry  stamps on. Well, I know people complain about the stairs..and I always thought "oh come on, it can't be that bad. suck it up". Well............I HATE THE STAIRS!!!I wont say any more on that. The main stage was so ridiculously full that I couldn't even raise my hand. I did not enjoy it.. I missed XS sooooo much. THank goddness I was sober the entire night. Or else I would've gotten myself hurt badly. I wana give it another shot but on a Friday night.
5	I usually don't write reviews for nightclubs because they are never static.  There's always a new club, Vegas is always reinventing itself, and our generation gets bored quickly.  But my experience at Marquee was so good that I have to say something.  Aside from it being gorgeous, over the top and larger then life, it's the staff that really stood out to me.  The doormen were the nicest I have ever met.  They weren't pretentious or mean, they greeted me with a smile and [gasp] even conversed with me.  Most doormen at Vegas think they are god, look at you like dirt and try their hardest to ignore you.  Little do they realize so many of them end up hand out cards on the strip.  But not Marquee! I hope they stay employed forever because they were genuinely nice.  They wanted all of us to have fun.  Even the guy taking us on the elevator to go up was pumping us up to have fun in the club.  Its hard not to have fun in this club.  There are so many rooms to explore and music for all ears.  The Boombox is like Ghettoland where you can bust your bootay to hip top music and the main room feels likes a real concert with high end DJ's spinning on real turn tables (not clicking a button on an apple computer)  In the Library, you can get tables where you can actually talk, play pool, and even look down at the bumping bodies in the main room.  Outside is really cool too: bubbling jaccuzis heat lamps, bars, lighting - it looks like Vegas is portrayed in the movies.  My favorite was the main room, the DJ was so good!  Even though I'm not a huge house music fan, the mix up was full of enough familiar songs that I never got bored. Oh and the go go girls were HOT.  I'm a firm believer that every good LV nightclub needs pretty Go Go girls, it sets the mood.  This nightclub group does a good job of picking girls that also dance well and also making them wear lingerie.  I think tryst and XS's gold cocktail dresses are horrendous and they make their girls dance with these ugly jazz hands moves, its really not attractive.  I also hate when they just put up strip poles and let the customers dance on them- it looks trashy and they often have no rhythm and are fat but think they are hot.  Plus, then there is a crowd of dirty men taking videos of these poor girls panty shotsOh and for some reason, we got lucky with the stairs because we caught an elevator down instead of having to walk.  But still I would recommend bringing flats since there are stairs to and from each room.  I can't wait to go back to Marquee, and hopefully they stay nice!
5	This place is HUGE! Three different rooms playing different types of music, yah! The TV screens and projections are very cool and the sound system was awesome. The "day club" is outside with two large pools (reminds me of XS and Surrender at Encore) and cabanas with their own private pools. There is also table games in case you want to make a quick bet and win your money back on the super expensive drinks! We paid $70 for four girly drinks but that's expected.
4	love this place... just came here last sat. and we had an amazing time!... nice and airy where the pool area is... music was good. i'm sold!!
4	this review is strictly for MONDAY nights. Simply put, it feels like a different nightclub. Right when you walk in, you'll notice the main floor is no longer endless runs of house/trance. Instead it's a perfect blend of electro, hiphop, & a splash of house. It brings much more flavor to the main floor. In doing so, this gets rid of Con#3 on my previous Marquee review in where everyone stares at the DJ and dance like zombies. Instead, the focus is on the dance floor. Much much better. Naturally since it's Industry Night, you'll see a lot more locals compared to weekends. A fun twist too since they are always excited & curious to meet ppl outside the city. the warehouse stairs r still not fixed in the venue (probably never will be) but hey... their change in Monday Nights is a sure start in the right direction in creating the ultimate nightclub in Las Vegas.
4	This is seriously theee nicest and coolest club I've been too so far. Going to into the Cosmopolitan was itself a pleasure to walk through. Valet parking is free so take advantage of that if you didn't know :). The wait to get inside the Marquee wasn't too long of a wait, but the fee to get in for guys is pretty high. So if you get a chance try and track a promoter down so you guys out there don't have to pay so much. But even with the reduced cost, it was still pricey. It costed my boyfriend $45 to get in and that was with VIP passes. I wouldn't want to imagine the regular cost to get in. Ladies are free from what I know, but most clubs usually allow girls to get in without any cost. Going inside the marquee was an adventure of its own. An elevator came down to bring us to the club and the boucner there was trying to get us pumped up before we got inside. That was really exciting! As soon as we got into the actually club, the music was jamming and people were already flooding to the dance floor to get moving. We decided to explore a bit and my favorite part of the club was the outdoor decor. There was a large swimming pool in middle with heated lamps along the side.We also saw jacuzzis and female dancers dancing around the platform above it. Music there was most house, trance, electro, techno kind of music. Most of us didn't care for it, but we thought that was the only floor there until later notified by a friend that there was a another floor that had more main stream, hip hop music. DARN!! It was on the second floor i believe.Overall, my experience here was amazing, minus my feet which were killing me because of the shoes I was wearing. I'd definitely would come back here the next time im in Las Vegas :).
4	This place has an amazing sound system capable of sucking the air from your lungs and releasing the fluids form your inner ear.The lighting systems move up and down like UFOs beaming powerful colored LED lights in all directions to properly scorch your retinas.They have a monster multi level stage in front of a 50 foot screen with throngs of wildly gyrating half naked women.Top shelf drinks that will drain your wallet faster then the dollar slots.Cool small lounges and VIP areas with a platoon of NFL linemen pretending to be bouncers, escorting the expensive ladies of the night.Get off the smart phone, turn off the computer, step away from the gambling tables, and get your moves on.
4	This club is very nice. Us girls didn't wait, just got right in because we were on the guest list. No cover for us either. Thanks to our promoter. We had so much fun but WTF? I remember my feet hurt because there are three levels there and we had to take the stairs.  OMG! This club is definitely made for people who are in shape or not overweight because going up and down the stairs in HIGH HEELS and being lightly buzzed, SUCKS ASS.  The security escorted us into the elevator twice but that was it. My feet and calves hurt from having to walk so much. I think I should train for a 1/2 marathon before coming to this club. Ladies, bring a purse, stick your flats in so that you can switch back and forth. :-)
4	OMG CRAMMED!! My group was staying at Cosmo and had no trouble joining our friends who were already waiting in line. The line moved pretty fast and we were able to use these passes (admission for 2 girls or half off for guys). The layout was pretty cool but confusing at the same time. Outside was pretty with the see thru jacuzzis. However, it was freaking windy and cold at the time and so everyone was pretty much huddled near the heat lamps. The main room had trance/house DJs, but the dance floor was super tiny. The library upstairs had a lounge feel with pool table and books to peruse. The speakerbox on the lower level played hip hop and it was definitely hard to get your dance on here as well. I'm wondering how they're managing to stuff more people in when it looks like they're already at capacity. I would def watch your purses and pockets cuz you won't feel a thing if it's that crowded and you can't even move.  There are bars conveniently located everywhere. :] Just to let you know, if you plan to get your hand stamped for reentry, they'll make you return through the exit and make you feel like you're crawling back to them with their 3 flights of stairs. ughhhh. Also...try not to lose your friends. I got lost for 10 min and it was the most nerve racking thing ever esp since I didn't have my ID, money, phone, or room key on me and again ...it was PACKED!!!
5	I've been to most of the "big" clubs in Vegas and Marquee definitely takes the cake! Amazing sound system and the place is HUGE! Came on a Sunday night early so had no problems getting in. Drinks are definitely not cheap but then again, they are always expensive at the good places! If your trying to plan your weekend and deciding which place to do it big at, I HIGHLY recommend the Marquee!
5	It's definitely a good night if most of your party does not remember what happened, but luckily I did! Marquee DJ rocked it out all night with the latest Hip Hop and threw in some old skool reggae. We danced and drank into the dawn.It was very crowded but who cares when you are totally into the music and jumping around as one being. What I did find annoying is drunk girls. Get off the freaking dance floor, it's not a yoga studio so stop sitting in the middle of the dance floor! And Guys - if a girl can't stand, stop dipping her! How many times can she end up laying on her back on the floor before you stop dipping her?!? After an hr, you should get a clue. Besides that, the guys were not excessively skeevy nor pushy. If you don't want to dance, they'll just find someone who does. $40 for guys, Free for girls - I would most definitely come back to Marquee!
3	This was definitely a nice venue, but it didn't meet the hype that preceded it.  The layout is a little confusing, and house is not my choice of music.  So I figure I'll go to the boombox room (hip hop)...BIG mistake. There was no oxygen in there! If your hip hop room is that full, consider a bigger one or moving it to where that house crap is playing.  Our bottle service waitresses were great, really friendly.  For 14 people, we got this tiny area. Really? The 2 benches literally seated like 10.  Based on our headcount, they should've planned accordingly.  I would only go there again if someone was having an event there, otherwise I'll see what else is on the strip.
5	It's all about the performances here.  They bring in top DJ's from across the world and throw one hell of a party.   The main room is focused around the DJ.  It's a giant show with lasers, strobe lights, confetti, a multi-story video wall, and go-go dancers in crazy costumes.  They have a state of the art sound system here but it can be too much if you are around the dance floor.  If the main room is too crowded, check out the other two rooms or the pool deck right off the main floor.  The whole layout  can get quite confusing to navigate like a maze, so you might want to turn on the GPS for your phone.I reserve the right to come back an lower my rating once my Q card expires at the end of the year, and I have to wait in line.
5	Amazing place, exactly what you would expect from a Vegas pool party.
4	LEGIT.VIP, massive party rooms indoor and out, good company, booze, and Kaskade. Only downfall is the lonnnnng line that wraps around. So unless you've got a table with bottle service, VIP, or both.. get there early! Overall, I'd say the night was an awesome blur. Oh Vegas, the things you do!
4	I really had a great time here!  It was my friends going away party and we had a table here.  It's a beautiful club with a very friendly and professional staff.  I wrote a blog post on the event if you wanna see pics.
4	The Cosmopolitan itself is the nicest hotel in Vegas. The club is really nice. It looks very similar to Drais in LA. Has an outside area to chill and a big screen where the DJ is where they put up pictures. The music was hip hop and was okay. The dance floor was packed so that part kind of sucked, but overall a nice place.
5	Okay now that I've been to Marquee at least a handful of times, I feel like I can write a legitimate review.I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. Honestly, it spoiled me for any other club in Vegas....so sad. The music, sound system, DJs, etc are all so freakin' amazing that every other spot seems pretty dismal in comparison.It's a much bigger venue than I originally thought now that the Marquee Dayclub area has opened up (and it's also not as stuffy though still jam packed). The layout is not ideal but honestly, I would keep coming back to Marquee simply for the music. I can't say it enough -- the music and sound system are phenomenal. I don't care how badly my legs and feet were aching....despite the fact that I'd been in 5" heels for about 72+ hrs, the music kept me there until the place shut down.Best looking crowd, though definitely over-the-top douchey, but that's expected at any Vegas hot spot. I don't really know what else to say except I can't wait to go back.
3	I was really sketch on coming here because new clubs with too much hype in Vegas, don't always deliver.  I had heard it was small and lots of stair climbing and not a lot of hip hop.  But I had to see for myself.  Okay, so I have a friend that works for Marquee so she was able to get my girls in for free and guys for $25, no wait, but we had to show up pretty early.  So we got in, no wait, no problem.My first impression was that the place is really lux and has that glitzy, high end look.  But majority of people are not cute, at all.  Lots of grenades.  I mean a lot.  I was shocked.  Lots of janky people, really.  I didn't get the high end, big money, modelesque feel from the crowd like you do at XS.  If you're coming here looking for uber good looking people, it's not the place.  If you have beer goggles on, okay.  Docked a star for an ok-looking crowd.We walked around the place to check things out but ended up spending the whole night posted at the bar in the Boom Box (aka hip hop) room.  It was small and the dance floor is small and really packed so we just made our own spot at the bar and partied the night away.  My good review may be biased since I was on Patron all night, so I had a really great time.I docked another star because more of my friends showed up later around midnight, half girls & half guys.  They let all the girls in for free but held the guys back for a long time.  When the guys finally got to the front of the line, they told them they had to pay double cover ($60) then the door goons changed their story and said they had to buy bottles to get in.  I think they let all the girls in the group in first, knowing the guys would have to pay since their girls are already in.  That seems really shady to me.  Honestly, I party a lot in Vegas and pay for tables/bottle service but I'm growing tired of this trend of door guards basically doing a shake down of tourists and demanding tips for every little thing.  I'm pretty sure club management and/or owners frown on this.  I'm sure there's some type of regulation that does not condone this activity.  But what can you do?
4	Marquee is amazing! Music is good, drinks are strong, crowd is good looking. BUT... marquee, please tell me why you spoil us by taking us up in an elevator...but afterwards, when I'm drunk, stumbling, and my feet hurt from wearing 5 inch heels, you force me to walk down a billion flights of stairs to exit?!?! And on top of that, it goes from like carpeted stairs to steel stairs where all i can hear is CLANK CLANK CLANK of everyone's heels? Stairs of hell, you are the reason I took off a star, but other than that, Marquee is awesome :)
5	My favorite nightclub in vegas used to be tao until i went here! OMG! this place is DOPE! Me and my friends got in the club fast... Only 5 mins inline! Went inside and all i see are asians and people that have yellow fever! its all good with me.. A shot/mix drinks are about 16bucks each.. the hip hop room is cool but kinda small. The main floor is a good size. Anywhere you stand, you will have a good view of the Dj. The vip/pool area is huge! Two reason why this is my favorite club now is NUMBER ONE: EDM! top dj's every weekend and NUMBER TWO: 3-4 girls to 1 guy. DING DING DING! we got a winner! =D
4	I came here for Kaskade last weekend, and it was just spectacular. The inside seemed very crowded and loud, so a table in the patio area was perfect with the cool 70 degree weather. It was easy to socialize and it was just as poppin' as the inside. My best advice? Come early, or it is impossible to get in even if you know people, especially when it comes to the bigger name Djs like Kaskade and Above & Beyond. Also I think this place is a hit or miss as it depends on what kind of DJ comes to play. I am not a fan of raves, and events like EDC (why would I want to take E and party with a bunch of 16-18 year olds?), but I do love the house/ techno DJs when they play in Vegas clubs ( more mature crowd and classy)... Marquee is an outstanding club, but it does flirt with the idea of being a rave level club, so therefore I will only give 4 stars. As big and hype Marquee is getting, XS will still hold its reign for the best club in Vegas because it stays a true nightclub.
1	You get one free admission plus a free guest if you have a room at the Cosmopolitan.  BS. Our group gets split into 3, and most of our group gets in free admission and the other half ends up paying the Friday night $30 for guys and $20 for girls. It made no sense.  I just happened to get the b---h cashier.  I didn't want to hold the line anymore so screw it we paid.  2 doormen AND the hotel told us it'd be free before 11pm. Even he was rolling his eyes at the girl on the cash register.The wait isn't long if you grab some girls with you. Ask the doorman and he'll put you in VIP if you're staying at the hotel. You'll still need ladies though.We go in drop our money cuz I know the hotel will fix me up with my cover charge tomorrow. Place is definitely packed. Cool place, great music. The elevator going up is kind of stupid. Like sardines being sent upstairs every 2 minutes.  Leaving, now that just clinched this place is utter crap. Who the hell walks 4 flights of stairs to leave a high end club?Those stairs are a lawsuit waiting to happen. Plus the garbage can I get to walk by at the backdoor is awesome. Thanks for reminding you're garbage.Everyone knows the place is fun when you're drinking and partying it up. But I wanted my cover back so I went to the hotel on checkout day. The hotel ended up comping me what they could back and giving me 2 nights free stay if I ever came back due to the situation. Apparently, the club is run by a separate corporation and is renting at Cosmo. So if something happens badly at Marquee while you're staying at Cosmo, Cosmo can't even do anything about it. The club even made the front desk person stand around to deal with it for an hour. By then it was principle, I don't care about $100, if I did I wouldn't be in Vegas. Considering it was daytime, the Marquee day manager can't deal with it, he has to talk to the night manager. WTH?You're one company and your best answer is oh they worked last night so they aren't even awake yet. Wow that is pretty BS.  You make millions and I have to deal with this S--T like I'm a bum. I was pissed. I was unlucky that I hadn't charged my dinners at Cosmo to my room, or else Cosmo could have given all my money back without even speaking to Marquee.  It was a wasted exercise and it made the Cosmo people look stupid.The communication between the 5star hotel, Marquee, two management teams for day/night is f--kin ridiculous.Stay at Cosmo and drop your money somewhere else, XS was much better. We did table and bottle service there and left that place feeling like we did just leave a high end Vegas night club.
4	It's a amazing club once u get in. We came on a Saturday. The process of getting in is so frustrating. There are sooo many lines and people. The worst part there is no air conditioner while u wait to get in. I stood there sweating for a hour!!! My buzz went away which is a big no no. Once we got in it was cooler but the stairs are no joke. Ladies bring sandels!!!!! U will have a better time. I promise.
5	I came to dance, dance, dance, dance...Tip 1: Go early - waiting in line sucks and the dance floor gets PACKED.Tip 2: Go drunk - pre-party with your Fat Tuesdays on the way there because booze is pricey...so I've heard...I don't actually know for a fact since I've never bought my own drink.Tip 3: Get your dance on early and then chill out outdoors after.I went on two different occasions - both times, girls were free and guys were $25/$45.  I think with it being a holiday weekend, the cover for guys was $45. Both occasions, guys suited up, girls slutted up - that's just how you gotta do it! ;] So there is a LOT of stair climbing.  There is usually re-entry, so I went in with my fly heels and then walked out, went to the car and grabbed my flats.   (I don't like carrying things around, so it's not like I had a bag to put my shoes in.)  There are three levels - The Library, the Main Floor and The Boom Box.  Until about 9:30/10:00, the Main Floor and Boom Box usually are the same music.  When it changes, one is House and one is Hip-Hop.  The Library is a chill lounge area with pool tables and a bar.  The balcony of it overlooks the main floor.The only thing that bugs me about here (and most clubs in any case) is that most of the bartenders are female.  I mean, I understand the marketing aspect of it and all because duh, it's going to be guys mostly buying drinks, but most females just can't get the drinks exactly right. *sigh* Oh well, I get what I paid for...and to date, that's nothing. HA!Overall, great place for a good time in Vegas! Definitely gonna try out the bottle service soon! ;]
5	This is by far the best club I have went to in Vegas, the best part about it was a lot of honeys ( girls) and there was actually space to move around. I went here when Kaskade was playing and he tore it up. The only thing that was a pain in the ass was the stairs man I had to walk up a lot of stairs, pre drinking at the hotel and walking up stairs is like waiting for disaster to happen. Right when I got to the very top floor I saw some girls sitting on the couch I'm pretty sure they were rolling I didn't know if I should hit on them or give them a light show with my cell phone. Nice people there was well not a lot of stuck up girls, but don't get me wrong there are some. Drink are expensive, but thats Vegas for you.
4	Marquee opened just this past January 2011 so it's the newest hotspot in Vegas. On Easter weekend, it was packed so I can only imagine what it'll be like over the summer. The venue is pretty but not as elaborate as the Cosmopolitan nor themed like The Tao Group's other properties: Tao + Lavo. Its multi-faceted design with 3 separate areas + an outdoor patio caters to clientele with different tastes who want to party all night to the 6am closing time. Love the lighting effects + the ease of finding a corner to sit + rest my weary feet without having to get table service, but what kills it is the STAIRS! And I don't mean 1 pretty flight of stairs spiraling between 2 levels like at Tao or Pure... I mean the narrow, dark stairways (hidden if not for signage like this http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WUq8HJHIZU4uteB154XN7w?select=c_NyhX9Rsg-o9jy-SZ2XRQ at the back of the club) that you have to climb to get between the 3 areas on 3 different levels. * Location - While the club itself it on floors 5-7 of Cosmopolitan, the entrance http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WUq8HJHIZU4uteB154XN7w?select=2UXu2vtfFG_hxAXQWoqkkw is on the ground floor between The Chandelier + Queue Bar.  * Parking - The Eastern parking garage is the closer than the Western side, but the Western has valet. Self-parking is free. * Venue - Huge club designed like a maze with dark corridors + multiple stairways. The 3 areas split onto 3 different floors are the Boombox Room on the 5th floor, Main Room + outdoor pool patio on the 6th floor + the Library on the 7th floor. Each has a different vibe from the music to the decor + from the seating to the lighting ambiance. With an epic amount of stairs separating each level, we primarily stayed on the 6th floor for its large dance floor with 40' LED screen behind the DJ booth + the outdoor patio http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WUq8HJHIZU4uteB154XN7w?select=FGSaWfN5tIurdh_zuVg8rA. The Library is a pretty chill spot with books in shelves along the walls + a fireplace http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WUq8HJHIZU4uteB154XN7w?select=CJOxBoirLSOv3OLYXC2WaA. From the balcony, you can get a pretty cool view of the Main Room dance floor down below http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WUq8HJHIZU4uteB154XN7w?select=0nz-CQ2uYRMVjpAbi-JrNQ. We avoided the Boombox Room because it made us claustrophobic after just attempting to get on the dance floor.* Cleanliness - Quite clean bc it's still new... but by 5am when the crowd on the dance floor thinned out, I could tell the cleaning crew were getting sloppy as there were empty glasses on tables + random crap tucked into corners on the floor.* Crowd - It looks to me like the trend-setters have migrated from XS + Surrender to Marquee. In mid-April when it's still a bit too cold to be at the aforementioned predominately outdoor clubs, the young + hip are here for the best of both worlds.   * Music - As mentioned, the rooms on each level have different vibes + thus a completely different music experience. Gone are the days of hip-hop + top 40's dominating the dance floor as that genre is delegated to the small, overcrowded Boombox Room.  The Main Room + the outdoor patio feature house/edm DJ's while the Library is a mix of oldies, funk + mellow jams I didn't particularly care for. To each their own.    * Bar - 7 bars total throughout the venue so the wait isn't nearly that bad except in the overpacked Boombox room. The outside bartenders + table hostesses had on these adorable purple little eskimo dresses + boots. I wish I could have stole one of their outfits.  * Drinks - I haven't had to pay for a drink here... but expect pricing ~$15 for shots or cocktails for a decent drink. On the high side for Vegas pricing indeed.   * Bathroom - Plenty of bathrooms, yesssss! No signage so ask the bouncers for directions, but each level has at least 1 so we never had to wait for more than just a few girls ahead of me. I was very amused to note, though, that the GUYS bathroom behind the outdoor patio bar had a line of 10+ nearly all night, ahahaha!  * Price - As always GET IN CONTACT WITH A PROMOTER! Girls have no excuse whining about having to wait in line or pay cover if they don't make the effort to get a hook-up. With our promoter, we were walked right up to the door, + yes, it was the 2 longest flights of stairs in my life just to get to the lowest level of Marquee, but we were in free in less than 5 mins. Done deal.  By the end of the night, the staff closes off the Library, outdoor patio  + Boombox room so that the crazy party people still there until 6am are left in the Main Room. Thank goodness, they let us take the elevators down to exit the club rather than having to trot down a zillion more stairs... no wonder some girls thought to wear flats. I'll be back.  Especially with the Dayclub http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WUq8HJHIZU4uteB154XN7w?select=CFeeG61GNiCQJVLaaRRwpQ that just debuted, Marquee has a bright future ahead of it.
4	i had sooo much fun here!!!  i have a bunch of pic's on my blog if you wanna check it out ;)
4	XS?  No, it's all about Marquee!New club in the new Cosmopolitan Hotel on the strip.  As you're walking towards the club, the first thing you will notice is just... how perfect this hotel is for girls, and it's actually quite smart of them.  The decor has a lot of bling, pink, red that just attracts girls' attention.  Vegas glam with a modern twist.The club is no different.  The entrance is located on the 2nd floor and as soon as you walk in to go upstairs, it just grabs your attention.  You are brought to a House Floor where they play everything electronic.  Most of the weekends there is a famous DJ spinning on the main floor.  Huge huge LED screen right behind the DJ, so that's pretty cool.  There's amazing talent each week spinning and it's now Kaskade's official new resident in Vegas.   Keep walking, and there's an outdoor area with cabanas and tables for bottle service.  I was lucky enough to get in for free and friend had a table near the table so I got to enjoy bottle service.  The outdoor area is not as big as XS but it feels more accessible and not as random.  Of course, no jumping in the pool and I don't think the bouncers even let girls soak their feet in the jacuzzis if you have a cabana.  There's a bar near the end and the restrooms are towards the corner (mucho important).One floor below is the Hip Hop Room.  Good music throughout but didn't stay long since friends were on the main floor.  There is a "Library" room above that plays a mix of everything as well.  I can see the older crowds up there.Drinks are around $13-15.  Bartenders are nice and be sure to tip well so you can keep going back to him/her!  At one point... I think my Kettle & Tonic was just pure... Kettle, not that I'm complaining :P  Bottle service here is just ridiculous though.  2K-3K minimum so if you're with a group of guys... tough.Be sure to come early!  Even if you are on the guestlist, if you're not there early (9pm), you're gonna wait.  Be sure to have 1:1 ratio or else... good luck.  Bouncers are douches here, inside and outside the club.
5	Awesome!!! Been to countless night clubs in Vegas and this one is by far my favorite.  Very nice outdoor area, big dance floor, and awesome DJs.  Monday night is their industry night so its free for locals and industry to get in.  Not going to write a huge review on this being as that there are 300 reviews already.  Go give it a try!
2	8 friends and I went to the Marquee and we paid the $$$ for a VIP table and bottle service.  The club is VERY NICE!  But, the two stars are due to the service of the bouncers and securtiy.  What a joke!  Our VIP area was being used to walk through and some drunk was hitting on my wife, and another tried to help himself to our bottles!!  When we brought it to the attention of security he shrugged his shoulders and stated "I can't do anything about it".  WOW...  After having the second drink spilled on me by people using our VIP lounge as a sidewalk.  I about lost it and I guess the sqeaky wheel gets the grease.  Players from the Dallas Cowboys were in the VIP area with us and were TOTAL SNOBS!!  There were several Pro basketball Players there too and were no different than the Cowboys.    I will never go there again.  I'm sad to say, it's a very nice club, but the security is a joke.
3	Finally got a chance to check out Marquee!Buying tickets ahead of time definitely saved us a lot of time! will call was fast and we got in right away. while the guestlist line barely moved! Avicii was playing the night we went, but the main room was just wayyyyy to packed to enjoy it, so we ended up in the hip hop room! The hip hop room was smaller, but the music was good all night! - 1 for being hella packed.- 1 for the never ending stairs!
1	Love the Vegas standard guy girl ratio! had my 5 guy friends wait in line for 2+ hours! Vegas bouncers think they the sh*t, how much education & training you need to become a bouncer again?! Mmmm how bout NONE?! =)
1	I went this past weekend with a group of girls for a bachelorette party. I had contacted a promotor/host a month prior to get everything squared away. And everything was a go.  Once we got there, on time, I meet up the promotor and he talks to his manager or whoever...that guy tells us that they have closed the patio area due to high winds. And that was where we were booked to have our table. So now we have LOST our table.And they can't move us inside or do anything about it. And the best part I didn't even get a phone call or heads up in advance. SO unprofessional!!! I asked him if we could even pay more money to get a table and he said no. He said the best thing he can do is let us in as "early bird" table. Which is to sit at a table until the people that book that table comes and we get kicked out. At this point we were all dissapointed. So went ahead and just sat at the early bird table.  The entire time me and another girl was trying to contact people we knew to get another table and we were going up and down those retarded flight of stairs at least 4 times that night.Finally we gave up and it has been over an hour. I didnt really get to dance a lot and enjoy my night because of their unprofessionalism.  We left a little after and once I got back to my hotel, we all decided to go to The Bank at Bellagio. I realize that I don't have my ID and Marquee had kept it. Usually they keep your ID when you have a table and give you ID back when you close out the bill. SO why the hell would they keep my ID if I didn't have a table? Are they that retarded? So after a horrible time there, I had to go back and track down my ID. I had to talk to at least 5 people before they would let me in and talk to the hostess who had my ID to get it back. I finally struggle my way to get throught the crowded club and the girl doesnt even remember me and said she doesn't have it. Just f*cking great. I had to go back out and explain to other people that the hostess doesnt remember me and doesnt have my ID. At this point, one of the door guys personally take me inside to talk to the hostess. And it was so crowded that he couldnt even get to the table so he got someone else to do it. We stood there for a good 15 mins waiting, then he tells me wait here, "i gotta go do something i'll be back" I wait for another 20 mins, so i got a chance to stand there and fist pump for a bit. he comes back and tells me...theyre still working on it. Lets go back outside and wait. OMG. SERIOUSLY?! We get outside and he said wait around and we'll see where it is. Im thinking to myself, this is not getting anywhere. So my friend gives him her number and tells him to txt or call when he gets it. Im sure that he wont anytime tonight.  So I go back to my hotel bummed out and thinking I cant even drink my sorrow away cause I have no ID. yeah venue was pretty, music was cool. but bouncers were jerks and the whole damn place is just too hyped. I'll probably never go back here again. They ruined my night twice and ruined everyone elses night. If yelp had an option of scoring a FAT ZERO, I would. NEVER AGAIN MARQUEEE.
5	there is hope for club goers who want to check out Marquee and dont have a vegas promoter contact and are too late in buying pre-sale tix! me and justin b. were in this exact predicament over the weekend since we decided last minute to join our other friends at Marquee that evening. we strolled by Marquee in the afternoon and there was a kiosk at the DayClub check-in area with discount flyers (legit ones from the club itself). talked to some of the DayClub bouncers who were working who also verified that they were valid. showed up to the club at 930pm which is the same exact time my friends were told to show up to meet their promoter contact...with the flyer i got in for free (general admission for ladies was $20) and Justin B. got in for $45 (discounted from $50). no hassle, no fuss, no stupid lines and no planning ahead was necessary for a good time at Marquee haha
4	April 30th, 2011 ... Marqueeeee... What a club... Thank goodness for our VIP host.. This place is not a place you can just get into, unless you're some hot chick or a group of hot chicks... TRUST ME! Bottle service, hosting, or greasing up a doorman (I don't recommend the doorman option, never consistent in price, and they're not pleasant to work with).. Groups of dudes.. Really, you're not welcome here.. This is a venue run by Tao Group and they frown on groups of guys more than any other group.. I knew this, and prepared for it. First off, make sure you use a reputable host who can get you in on the third floor. There's less congested traffic there and it immediately guts out the general admission crowd and other people. Now.. before I even get into details on the actual club, I'll give you an idea of what I saw before even going upstairs to meet my host.  My buddies and I were chilling by the Chandelier Bar on the casino floor. As we're standing and waiting for our phone call, I saw a line of 20-30 girls following one guy up to the escalators. And mind you, these girls weren't your average females.. I swear, if I had some sort of rating system, the average for that group that I saw would have been a 9.5. And that's on a Vegas scale... Unbelievable.. We hung out at Chandelier Bar for about an hour and saw two groups like this. We were blown away. And felt that we made the right choice for the evening.So shortly after, we meet our host, we get in with flying colors and we're in.. Wait.. No.. not yet.. We climb a BUTTLOAD of staircases, and then we're in. Lol.. not even nice carpeted staircases.. It's the emergency exit type of staircases, the type that echo every time you step on them.. Miserable, but yeah. So we're finally in. Immediately 3-4 girls to 1 guy. Several groups of bachelorettes and singles (well.. single in the Vegas sense).Now.. the main floor is absolutely shoulder to shoulder! BLAH!! Impressive lights, images, and beautiful dancers. But we look over to the right, and see the Marquee Dayclub open!! Woo hoo!! Awesome! The DayClub area is not very large like the poolside at XS. But then again, you're several floors above the ground so you get a nice view of surrounding properties. I couldn't imagine getting a drink at the bar near the main floor. The DayClub bar is the way to go. There was always a bartender available. The main floor and DayClub means all House music, so if you prefer other music, hit up the Hip Hop room or The Library.Hip Hop Room: Sweaty, crowded, great music, crowd is crackin, but I could only withstand being that crammed for about 30 minutes. Danced with a few girls and the whole crowd was surprisingly enthusiastic for being so squished in together. I was done. No more hip hop room for me or my buddies.Now for the top floor.. The Library. Smaller more loungie area with a mix of music. I heard some 80's, some 90's, recent stuff and a lot more Pop music in general. It had a nice feel. Definitely more relaxed and getting a drink was fairly quick as well. The Librarian girls were so freakin sexy! Definitely the hottest uniforms I've seen at any venue. The thick, dark-framed eyeglasses, skimpy plaid skirts and all!Overall, had a great time, was turned off by a few girls who were trying to score free drinks, but hey, it's expected in Vegas, just like creeper dudes to girls. We met people from all different locations and the crowd there is generally friendly. I think getting in is more of an exciting factor than anything else. I would come again, but I wouldn't prioritize it. I still like XS better than Marquee based on the fact that the layout is much nicer for moving around. But if you want to go where the hottest girls are hanging out at around this time.. Marquee might be the spot for you. But the fellas must come prepared with a plan to get in. I was in a group of 5 guys and it was no problem getting in with the right connection. So.. Enter at your own risk!
4	Let's face it. Part of what makes a club good is the crowd. Yes the music, ambiance, and drinks make a difference. But we all know what really makes a place pop is the people there. I've always said that all the really matters is the people you are with, but we all know everyone wants to go to the poppin' places. Currently Marquee is that place. The line can get pretty crazy and the tables are crazy expensive. However, the venue is very nice. The decor is done really well. They have both outdoor and indoor areas, with many rooms with varying types of music. No matter what music you like I'm sure you'll have a good time at Marquee. The drinks are pricey, but that holds true at most nice clubs. The thing that I really like is that marquee gives you the option to pre-purchase tickets. This allows you to pretty much bypass the line and get in much quicker. The disadvantage is that girls also have to pay, but I think its worth it. Paying 70ish dollars is way worth it to get in quickly without having to drop $1500 for a table. It allows you to avoid everyone trying to get in via guest list etc.Marquee is the happening club in Vegas. If you want to go here I suggest buying pre-sale tickets or a table, as the line gets pretty crazy. Common on your in Vegas just spring for the pre-sale and save time. The tickets cost about the same as a few drinks. Jut buy the tickets, pre-game in the room and have a great time in the club by avoiding the long wait in line!The only disadvantage to this place it that there are many stairs. So ladies try to wear comfortable shoes or your feet will be hurting at the end of the night.
2	My girlfriends and I went to Marquee our first night in Vegas.  We had heard lots of great things about the club and had heard it was the place to be.  We were on a VIP list so we only had to wait about 15 minutes, and of course no cover charge.  Once we were through the doors we had to climb more stairs than I could ever count.  And not a nice fancy staircase, but an emergency exit white metal grate stairwell.  When we made it into the club we went straight to the first bar we saw.  We were served drinks fairly quickly at the first bar, but the second bar took us over 10 minutes to be served and we walked right up to the bar.  This club was dark, had zero character (there was so much "fog" that we couldn't even tell if the walls were painted, everything looked gray).  The dance floors were extremely crowded and we were pushed around more than anything.  I felt like I was back in my punk show days moshing in the pit - not fun in a dress and heels.  The music was just ok, and it was very difficult to get between floors to find better music.  We spent our second night at Haze and I had a 100% better time there.  I would recommend you skip Marquee and go straight to Haze
4	showed up at 1am after getting pretty buzzed playing slots and hopping around bars at aria and was walked right in. the music was awesome and we danced all night until we literally couldn't stand anymore around 4am. lol. stumbled back to the hotel room at aria and passed out as the sun came up. ahhhh. vegas.
5	Holy Sh*t it was a pain to get into this place.  We came here to see Kaskade on a crazzzzzy Saturday night.  We had booked a table and even with a reservation it was almost impossible to get in.  Perhaps because we arrived at prime time (11pm) but they packed us into lines like sardines.  After waiting almost an hour, we decided come back later.  We came back down around 1 to find that most of the line was gone.  After a short wait, we got in!  The club was stunning.  I believe there were three levels with the main DJ being on the first floor and hip hop being spun on the second floor.  The club is HUGE and it's connected to the outside pool area.  They stream the DJ on a huge projector TV outside so you can still hear and see all of the action.  People were dancing everywhere and the energy was none like I've seen before.  It was fun to hop around the club and discover all of the little nooks and crannies.  The sound system was superior, I would highly recommend going to see your favorite DJ spin here.  And as a note, GET THERE EARLY!!!!
4	First off, what's up with all the douchebags?! This club had the rudest people. And the only way up/down in Marquee was the stairs. Well-thought out, Marquee. Girls love their 5" heels. Heels + 6 flights of stairs = potential disaster & unhappy girls & complaints. **tip for the ladies: buy "fast flats"! You can get them at Target/Walmart type stores and they're $10. They'll take up most of your wristlet but damn, those babies saved my feet. My friends were all jealous as I pranced around in my flats while they had to keep their 5" heels on! :)That aside, Marquee was good but not great. I'll give it another chance when I'm back in Vegas again but I hope it doesn't disappoint again :(I would've given Marquee 3 stars, but we were walked in and comped so an extra star for that :) -RM
5	This club is glorious. Already been here 3 times since January and about to go back for a 4th time. My first experiences with Vegas were lukewarm. "What happens in Vegas..." "Go big or go home..." Please. None of the sayings fit. I just went back home with empty pockets and regrets...and none of the good ones either.Then the Cosmopolitan was built. I saw the beginnings of it 2 years ago, the rough skeleton and a beacon of hope. Now it's built and completely trumps (pun intended) any other hotel/casino venue in Vegas. It's classy, clean and just plain epic.So Marquee. First time I went was just after it opened to the general public. We had a hook up of sorts but STILL were advised to get there before 9:30. No big deal. We had a great crew and so brought the party with us to the line. I got to peeping out the scene. The clientele: young, good-looking & dressed correct. Fellas, there are plenty of dimes here, and I'm talking on a NYC/LA scale not a bright-eyed farmboy scale...no offense. The hour flew by and soon enough, after a 20 dollar cover fee for the guys, we were in. The atmosphere is just what I look for in a club. The place is huge, diverse and full of energy. Marquee consists of 3 floors. From the perspective of the 2nd floor entrance, the "1st floor" is a dance floor with bars surrounding it. There's also an outdoor pool/bar area which was packed enough when the weather was still "cold." This is the main event of this club and every weekend different artists come and perform live. The only downside is that the music is house.Go down one flight and you're in the hip hop room. People have said it's top 40 but I've heard a lot of old school East Coast rap, too. It does get cramped down here after 1030ish but everyone dances and the energy is great. Go up to the main floor and then up again and you're in the Library, a classy lounge area with pool tables and a bar. The second time I went, we were in by 9 (yeah, we got out early) and since the reserved tables were still unoccupied, me and my friends just posted up there. Great vibe.As a hip hop head, it's strange that I'm giving a club that doesn't center around hip hop the highest rating, but at the end of the day, a club is more than just the music that's played inside of it. At its best, a club is the kind of place where you get lost and time just stands still. Can't wait for Marquee Round 4....
5	Arrived here dressed to impress early on a Saturday night (think 9PM) expecting to wait for at least an hour in general admission, especially with an unfavorable girl to guy ratio. Not sure what was going on, but there was hardly any line, so we were able to get in within 10 minutes - 5 of which was actually spent waiting for the elevator to the club. Since it was so early, the place was maybe half-full - fine for us, since it gave us room to wander about freely and explore. The interior was sleek - just like the rest of the hotel's decor. Never did make it up to the library or down to the boombox room, but the open outdoor space was plenty sufficient (with amazing views) on this balmy start-of-summer night. The rest of the night was a blur of dancing, Tokyo Teas and table service, so I'm not too helpful here. I do remember the table hostesses were speedy in pouring drinks for us as soon as anyone picked up a bottle (probably to use up the alcohol faster), but overall cordial & attentive service. Around 2AM, I'm walking around, looking for my group (very easy to get separated here), when I see one of my friends (who had a bittt too much to drink) getting wheelchaired by security to a secluded hallway. I run (possibly hobble) after them, saying "Hey! That's my friend!" and they lead us into a separate room to get basic info from her, before calling another security guy to escort us out to the casino through a back service elevator. I thought they would be total jerks about it, but they were really nice about the whole situation, with a "Don't worry, it happens" attitude. Overall, had a great time despite mostly only hanging out in the outdoor area. Will definitely come back, if only to explore the rest of the floors and indoor space. Four stars for the service & crowd, five stars for the surprisingly pleasant security folks.
4	Definitely one of the nicer clubs I've been to in Vegas. wait wasn't even that long, despite it being a busy weekend. inside was definitely on par with XS, and there are at least 3 or 4 different bars in the club so you don't have to wait as long to get a drink. shoutout to the guy in the elevator who got us pumped up for our night! music was also on point. only gripe is the fact you have to walk down 233532852080523 flights of stairs just to get out! WHY?!?! when I am drunk and my feet are killing me from wearing 6 inch heels, why can't I just take the elevator?! if you're trying to go in and out, you are only allowed re-entry in the stairway also.
3	Pretty cool club- way crowded- 3 floors of crazy music... i think. Hafta wear shoes- cant sit on the ground... My poor feet suffers major blister after dancing for way too many hours.. Second floors plays your hip hop and top floor plays the trance stuff. I like to stick to the hip hop stuff.. Overall, nice, but ugh.. them stairs one has to climb.. I have to take away some stars for that... 3 flights of stairs? ayi ya!
5	Really sick spot.  I like how it is a dayclub as well as a nightclub.  Me and some friends went here this past weekend for my first time, because we knew some promoters and we had some free tickets so we tried our luck.  All I've been hearing lately that this is straight up the new hot spot on the vegas strip for electro and house.When we got into the cosmopolitan and saw the place, my first reaction was HOLY SHIT this line is redonkulous.  The line went back from as far as I could see, that I wasn't even going to attempt to walk to the back of the line and wait.  Because of some hookups we ended up entering the club from the 3rd floor, yes i guess they have multiple floors to enter.  We had to walk soooooo many stairs because I guess this was a back entrance for ticketholders or something.  I swear I was sweating before we actually got to the main area.  They do have an elevator to take you up btw its just at the main entrance.  On the way up I caught a glimpse of a smaller area that was hip hop only, where all the "I hate all electro" people are....wackness.The main area is a decent size, but has a pretty small dancefloor.  The LED thing in the back of the dj is just amazing.  I mean I wasnt on anything "special" that night but it still kind of got me stuck on staring at it a few times.  They also had glow in the dark ballerinas above the dj.  The dance floor gets kind of crowded, but to cover for their small dancefloor, they have a HUUGGGEEE outdoor area to kick it.  I feel like you would get the most out of this place by getting a table and bottle service.Standard vegas prices, realllllly stiff drinks so you def get your moneys worth, and decent bartender service. (fast inside slow outside)Sick club, def going to be a place I always come back to for a while or until something better comes up. xxxx.                         |(o)(o)|  (  (__)  )    | (  ) |        Whatever happens in vegas....   \__/Jordan
2	Here's the deal about this club: Ive been to vegas numerous times, just for the party scene. I expect places to be crowded and for the crowds to be mixed. Yes, this club is absolutely gorgeous but the crowd...not so much. With in minutes of getting into a club, I am asked right away to sit down at a table and have drinks. At marquee, the bounces kept trying to sit us down with these old men or guys skinnier then I am. We were over it really quickly and ended up leaving within 2 5 minutes (which Ive never done at a Vegas club). And for the stairs, when I read the previous reviews, I though "meh, how bad can it be?" Expect to walk up about 8 flights of stairs in a stairway that if I was alone, would not go into. This club is so new and luxuriously decorated, that everyone wants to go, and I mean EVERYONE. I just wish someone had mentioned this to me before I spent my time and put on heels for this club.
1	Incredibly rude employees. Will never be back.
4	In love with the hotel the club and the day club. The Nightclub is amazing its huge the only thing ladies ladies ladies!! Those stairs are ridiculous especially when you have had a few cocktails! It's about 3 or 4 flights of stairs and is absolutely retarded not sure why they did it so be prepared for that. Women also find those guys on the street that can get you in on the guestlist on the third floor entrance there is absolutely no line up there.The day club is awsome never been there on their busy days so I can't really comment on that. The pool is pretty good sized the servers are smoking hot and the staff overall are very very friendly. If you happen to be there on their slow days like during the week or something its free and much more laid back which I prefer.The hotel itself is amazing well done!
2	In theory, this club is very appealing. Apparently, it's coined as the "biggest nightclub in North America," or so said the promoter we spoke to, though he could very well have been lying up his @$$. There are various rooms that are designed differently and play varying styles of music. However, you're not allowed to take the elevator because the big security guys in suits and shades forbid you to. Therefore, everyone's required to haul their drunk @$$ up and down the stairs which makes for a bad combo. Also, since the club is so big, it seems quite empty and the crowds don't even show up until fairly late into the night. With all the rooms they have, my friends and I could not succeed in finding an appealing room to stay at. The "library" had a unique setup but the crowd just wasn't happening. The main dance floor had the biggest crowd but also played difficult-to-dance-to Euro-trance/house music. After bouncing from room to room, we finally settled in a mid-sized room with a few hot dancers that started playing pop and hip hop. The one good thing about this club is the cityscape night view from the top floor/balcony. Makes for good pictures. :-) Overall, it was a decent night with good clean fun, though the best part was passing by the baller chandeliers hanging outside the club and chowing down food afterwards.
3	Ladies, a word of advice: Wear flats because wearing heels to Marquee is a painful decision thanks to the ridiculous amount of stairs. Why bother paying for gym membership, when ladies, assuming free admission, can get a full workout just by going to this club. I sure did with the flights of stairs I had to climb whenever I wanted to visit another level. Speaking of levels, there are three: Main Dance Floor which leads to the outdoor area, the Hip Hop Room, and the Library. I liked the size of the main dance floor, I enjoyed the music of the Hip Hop Room, and I appreciated the quiet of the Library. I expected more from this club after hearing how amazing it was. However, I can say that Marquee is overrated and not the best club that Vegas has to offer. But it's definitely a place you should go check out, at least to say you've been there. I probably won't want to come back until the hype and crowd dies down.
5	bottle service rocked here! $4,500 for 6 bottles. No line, vip elevator walk thru, great service and best looking people in vegas here
3	I love to dance.BUTI dislike going to clubs.I had no intention of going clubbing on my last trip to Vegas. However my cousin invited us with the guarantee that we wouldn't have to wait in a ridiculous line or pay cover. With that in mind, my sister and I were curious to check out the newest "hot spot" in Vegas so we decided to tag along.My cousin did deliver on that promise and we only had to wait about 5 minutes before we got in also for free. Outside the club was complete madness! Groups of people waiting in line and more groups trying to sneak their way in without waiting. I think we got in around 1AM and the main room was playing some type of techno music. Not my cup of tea. We checked out the pool area and it was really nice. But it was also crowded. If I was rating the day club I'd probably give 4-5 stars especially if you get the separate hot tubs.There are three rooms total: Main, BoomBox and Library. We only went to the BoomBox where they were playing Hip Hop music. Now that's the music I can dance to. However I didn't get to dance much because it was SOOO crowded! Not to mention the space is pretty small already. Also to get to this other room we had to climb some stairs. I believe I already mentioned my hatred of stairs in a club before. I swear it could be a disaster waiting to happen.Overall I still had fun but if I had to go to another club again I prefer XS at Encore.
4	First off, let me just tell you that traffic getting to The Cosmopolitan/Marquee is absolutely horrendous.  Granted, this may have been because it was 11:30PM on a Friday night, but that's besides the point.  I would strongly suggest getting here as early as you can.We were told to meet our promoter by midnight.  We walked right in through the entrance towards the back of the casino, and then up a set of escalators.Around the Chandelier you'll see a massive group of people to the right.  It didn't seem like there was any sort of method to the madness.  Luckily,  we were told to go to the 3rd floor and meet up with the promoter.  There were WAY less people up there.  We told them who we were with, and got let in for free with no problem.Little did we know that we were about to go up 6 flights of stairs, in heels mind you.  We made it to the Boom Box Room which mostly plays Hip-Hop music.  Our promoter gave us a little tour and took us up to the pool area and main (house) room.  We also got drink tickets--super cool of him!Marquee is HUGE, and just plain beautiful.  The view from the club is a little bit ridiculous.  As we headed into the house room, I noticed this girl on the floor.  Then I saw security lighting a flashlight in her face.  Turns out, she fell in someone else's throw up on the ground.  How nasty is that?  The look of utter disgust was enough for me, I felt awful for her.  I hope they gave her a comped room or something for her to get cleaned up.Aside from that nasty little incident, we headed straight for the dance floor.  I'm not a huge fan of house music and it was a difficult to move as there were SO many people crammed into one area.  Made me think of Rain and how the dance floor there gets full so fast.We decided to go to the hip-hop room in hopes of more space and better music.  DJ Politik was spinning lots of hits and we were dancing the night away.  One guy was a TAD bit too pushy with trying to dance with my bestie, one of the girls in my group almost beat him up, literally.All in all, we had a great time til our feet started hurting.  We then called it a night and headed for Pho So 1 for a wonderful late night meal!
1	Go to XS. You'll have more fun.The people here are completely prejudiced. My group and I (8 girls total) booked a table. When we arrived, they told us that they "ran out of tables" and that they will compensate with free admission and one drink. First of all, the guy who carded me said I couldn't bring in my dslr because it's "too big." Wtf is that?I went back down to the parking garage with my friend and dropped off my nikon. In the meantime, our friends couldn't get in without the complete party. When we arrived again, they told us that we wouldn't be getting the table.As we were standing in line, they gave us comped drinks cards and complaining. "fuck, I can't believe I have to waste these on them. I should just drop them." "Damn, dude." Wtffffff.So not only do they not give us a table but also, they complain about a stupid ass meager substitute.Much better off at XS. This place is good if you're White.
4	I really like Marquee. It's still new, and it's got a number of huge levels. Size does matter, after all.My main gripe with the club is that they make you walk up these jenky stairs to go up into the club. Many, many interminable levels, in your high ass heels. It hurts. It's not nice. We already get enough cardio dancing, we don't need a stairmaster workout before the drinks have even started flowing.I like the cabanas around the pool. I like the hospitable people with bottle service up there too, with their free-flowing alcohol for the ladies. :) We ended up staying on the electro level, even though my love is for hip hop. But Kaskade was spinning that night, and he was awesome. Can't complain.The decor is stunning, as expected from a gigantic new club in Vegas -- especially in Cosmopolitan. And might I add that the hotel itself is breathtakingly gorgeous. If I were loaded, I would stay there.If asked to choose between XS and Marquee, I would have a hard time deciding. I am infatuated with Marquee, but my love for XS is a deeper, mature love that has stood the test of time. I would just say, go with both. :)
3	Think Vegas: bright lights, beautiful people, unlimited debauchery... right?Not quite what comes to mind when I think of Marquee.  Not that there aren't beautiful people, I'm sure there are...  But there's no way in hell you're going to see them in there.Once you get past the daunting lines (unless you're in a bachelorette party and one of the girls has the hook-up, holla!), you're left with a sense of "holy shit, is this really what I waited for?"  Entrance to the club starts with a climb up about a bajillion flights of stairs (or at least it sure feels like it in heels!).  No special view, just dark staircases.  You finally make it to the club, good luck finding a spot to dance in.  We wandered for about fifteen minutes, found some outside area, and looked for a cabana to crash.  No welcoming cabanas, just a friendly guy to buy the bride a shot.Fast forward twenty minutes, we find the girl who promised us a free table.  A free table turned into one free drink per girl.  Ok, thats fine with me.  The music was good, the bar continued to be dark & excessively cloudy, no matter where in the club we ended up.We finally made it up to some little library/study looking room.  We got yelled at for leaning against the couch to fidget with our shoe, so we hightailed it out of there.  Apparently this was the room the big spenders paid ridiculous amounts of money to be ini, just to stare at another bunch of dudes in a library.  If that's your thing, enjoy!Other than that, we just found ourselves wandering around the whole time, looking for a cool place to stake ourselves.  No luck, so we left for XS.Only reasons I didn't dock too many stars: good music, good alcohol, and at least an *interesting* time.
3	Hmm... This is not a party it's a bunch of people standing around looking at each other. Some still in street clothes...I rolled into Marquee Dayclub on a Saturday afternoon with 3 other guys and was immediately disappointed by what I saw. I saw a bunch of people relaxing hanging out by the pool, I was expecting a pool party. I understand some people are just too good to actually have fun at a pool party but damn... Everybody?The DJ spun all techno but it was a special event so I don't think the music is always like that...The crowd was okay but nothing spectacular. I've definitely seen better at Tao Beach.Also as the sun starts to set (way before 5PM) it dips behind a building way too early in the day making it too cool to be at a pool in mid April.
2	I don't know why this is the "hottest club" in Vegas. I guess the only reason why is because it the newest one. Once the hype dies down, it won't be anymore.The place feels like a maze. People must get lost in there all the time and phone reception sucks. They have multiple dance floors with different DJs and some are indoors and some are outdoors. I personally liked the hip-hop dance floor but it was in the crappiest place. It was on one of the lower floors, really crowded, and it was HOT in there like they had no A/C. Even though this place was enormous, it didn't feel like a big club. It was more like a few small clubs connected together by hallways and stairs. My favorite Vegas clubs are still at Wynn and Encore. XS is at the top of the list.
3	It seems like the general idea to compete with XS/Surrender is to have a club that opens up into the swimming pool area. Not because it makes any real sense, but because it looks really really cool.Now Marquee seemed to have that idea in mind, having two floors, one really fucking small area for hip hop, and a visually stunning second floor that plays house music and opens up to the pool area. The pool area is a nice addition to the club, and it offers a good place to sit and talk to others and for people like me to cool off from the dance floor. The first floor is almost literally packed all the time, but the DJ's they have here are on point with the music. It hits hard and isn't awkward enough to throw in random periods of house music like XS does. There's a little side area on the first floor that lets you over look the strip, and seems to be kinda like an area for smokers to mingle.I've actually been here twice, once in February when it was barely open and they had people go through a bunch of stairwells to get to where you wanted to go, and most recently last Thursday, when only the first floor was open.  Marquee isn't that great of a club even though it is one of the newest ones on the strip, and is only worth going to when both floors are open.
5	Review number 100!This just kind of happened but I am glad this is number 100.  Marquee is my favorite club in Vegas at the moment.  The three levels with the three different scenes are awesome and accommodate most tastes (Hip Hop, Trance, and Lounge scenes).  And just to respond to all the comments about the stairs, they are not that bad.  If you want a short cut between the Hip Hop Level (5) and the Main Floor (6), go out the doors to the pool area/patio on the Main Floor, turn left and you will see a wide staircase down a nice relaxing/chill/cool down area plus easy access to the Hip Hop Level (5).On to the review!  I have been to Marquee 6 times this year and have always had fun (like I said, I am a Vegas addict).  The music is always good, especially with the rotating guest DJ's (KASKADE performance = EPIC).  If you are in the mood for hip hop, the Boom Box Room/Hip Hop Level (5) always has a great mix that is awesome and fun to dance to.  If you want a break from all the craziness, walk up the stair to the Library and relax, get a breather and lounge.  As a bonus, the people here are good looking and friendly.As a bonus, the promoters and guest list folks are pretty helpful in taking care of you for guest lists or tables.  Take advantage of this!Can't wait for my next trip to Vegas because Marquee will definitely be on the itinerary.  Also, if you get a chance to go to Marquee, try to make it a Kaskade weekend, you will not be disappointed.
3	Marquee AKA "the HOTTEST club in Vegas right now".  If this place hadn't been so hyped up, I'd probably be giving it 4 stars.. but given high expectations, it disappointed a little.  I personally thought it was just like any other mega-club.. although walking between the various floors in a set of stairs lit by bright lights was a damper on the vibe.  If you're into house/electronica, i heard this is the place to be (although the dance floors gets super crowded).  If you're more of a hip hop head like me, there is a hip-hop/top 40 room but it's small.  I heard the soundsystem is the best in Vegas.. but they should have spent more money on decorations (i.e. XS, Surrender, Tryst have notable decor).I might be back again to check this place out, but in my opinion, XS is still the king of the Vegas nightclub scene
5	had a great time clubbing here!
4	Pretty damn cool place to go. The day club is amazing and in my opinion much more fun. The nightclub is HUGE but still over crowded, and too air-conditioned. We were outside most of the night to get warm, until later the A/C couldn't keep up with all the body heat. Oh and again OVER CROWDED (can hardly dance).The outside area is pretty cool day and night. You can swim or go in the glass hot-tubs which are see-through from the sides. There are two bars and the staff work their butts off. The music is 4/5 at best. The washrooms are nice and big (outside) so you're never waiting in line.Inside around the dance floor there are booths for bottle service. Pretty cool, and the bartenders are chill about letting you get in without proof of knowing anyone.If this is the hottest club in Vegas I'm a little disappointed, but nonetheless it's a rad place to be.
3	Marquee Nightclub: A HaikuBeware of drunk girlsStumbling in their platform shoes.That's a lot o' stairs.
3	If you like House, this is the place to be. There is a tiny hip hop room one level down. Make sure you get on the glist, arrive around 8pm, wait in line for 30-45 mins, girls are free if they are on glist, guys pay $45-50. This is a nice and spacious venue.
1	Nice decor is as much as I can say about this club.I came here when they first opened - disappointed is all I have to say.  Small dance floor, overly crowded, only one bathroom at the time and 2 hour wait??  Reasoning why?? I don't know and the only reason why I stayed was because "This is a new club, we're already here, might as well wait."  WASTE OF MY TIME!Trying to get through this club is like going through a labyrinth...
4	The hottest night club  in Vegas and who know who you,ll run in to. the only thing I didnt like wasmthatmthe hip hop room aka the library is small and too crowded. The main room and the outside only plays only house type music. Overall its a cool spot and make sure you get bottle service.
3	Nice place, but if you are looking for a high energy experience, try rain or Insert Coins
5	Even with the guestlist, we waited about an hour... but it was WORTH IT!  I recommend showing up at 9:30 if you're doing general or guestlist.  But at least we didn't pay cover.Beautiful club!  The decor is rather surreal actually.  Only made it to the main room and the outdoors balcony, did not see the Boombox room.Didn't drink at all the whole night but the dance floor was so good I didn't have a problem dancing the rest of the night sober.  It got crowded as hell when the star DJ came on at 1am but I was lucky enough to find a pretty tall dance partner for the rest of the night so I avoided being crushed.Honestly I can't get over the dance floor.  It's way better than the one at XS in my opinion.  There's just something so entertaining about those crazy chandeliers going up and down while you're dancing....  Not to mention the trippy lights and occasional bursts of foam and cold air from the ceiling... pretty awesome....XS is gorgeous and all but I really enjoyed my time at Marquee a lot more on this trip, even with the 10X longer wait.  Definitely worth the visit.
1	Over rated. By far. I mean, if you enjoy being squished like a sardine, stepped on, shoved every 5 seconds, and experiencing every possible trigger for a seizure all at once, this place I totally the spot for you. Sorta felt like high school prom all over again. Except for instead of all the jocks with the half naked girls, it was all old guys. Seriously, could have been a twisted father daughter dance. Lesson learned: don't follow the trends! So not worth it
4	Marquee, as far as I can remember, was extremely fun.... except the 500 steps you have to climb up to get to the club in the first place.  However, when you get in, not only are there bars everywhere, the dancefloors and club is just HUGE.  The music was great, and Above & Beyond was playing and everyone was just going nuts.  However, it was so crowded that after we left the dancefloor, the security actually started forbidding anyone else from entering the dancefloor, and we ended up walking around so much, we just went up and outside to the pool area.  Marquee was extremely hyped up since it had just opened recently, but I wasn't too impressed by the overall presence of the club.  First of all, it was wayyyyy too crowded, and when we got there, there were still like 500 people in line to get in... poor them, and second, the decorations and ambiance was non particularly of character or all that great, which is a HUGE contrast from the gorgeous hotel & casino Cosmopolitan.
4	In a Stefon (from SNL) voice:"Las Vegas' hottest club is Marquee.  This place has everything.  Lights, confetti, cold air, foam, ballerinas, mermaids, a cool bartender with nerd glasses, and just when you think the fun is over, unce unce who is there?  It's Kaskade!"But forreal, Marquee Nightclub is pretty tight.  The space alone is unique and stands apart from all other clubs in Vegas right now.  I am not saying that it is the best layout but it is different for sure.  The endless stairs to get from floor to floor in Marquee made me thankful that I wore sandals instead of heels.  The stairs aren't even nice stairs, they are fire escape stairs haha.  There is the top trance main floor where they have the famous DJs spin.  They have a hip hop floor but I only saw that floor when I was trying to get up to the trance floor.  I heard the music was good.  But I needed to be with Kaskade.  There is a library floor on the top, but once again, too focused on the trance dance floor.  You can wander outside where the Dayclub and pool area is if you need to get some air.  It is right outside the main dance floor and there is a big screen projecting what the DJ is doing inside so you can still be part of the trance love.I really love that Marquee brings in the hottest DJs from around the world to spin.  It is even cooler that Kaskade is their resident DJ.  Freakin' awesome!  Marquee is raising the bar for Vegas clubs.  I wish I was there this weekend to see ATB and Armin Van Buuren.  The Dayclub brings in pretty cool DJs as well, but it's all about the night.  At night the music comes alive and the lights are beautiful.  The giant screen behind Kaskade was pretty mesmerizing... as were the ballerina dancers accompanying him.  The effects such as the bursts of cold air and the foam falling from the ceiling make the experience even better.Getting in can be a tough feat.  My friends and I all bought tickets for Kaskade in advance so that we wouldn't run into any problems the night of.  Female tickets $20 and Male tickets were $60.  But if you contact a promoter (shout out to Jenn Tang!), she can give you passes for the girls to get in free and discount for guys!  We all had tickets except my bf who decided to go to Marquee at the last minute, after the online sales had stopped.  He wasn't able to wait in the stand-by line alone because you need a 1:1 ratio of girls to guys.  So they told him to come up with the ticket holders to see if he could buy a ticket.  Amazingly he was able to.  The bouncers were being extra nice... maybe cus he was with 5 ticket-holding girls at the time.  He used a discount card and paid only $45.I would recommend girls to go to the all girls line with a pass on the 3rd floor.  Guys I would say buy tickets in advance.  Even with guest list the line is ridiculous.  Get in early (9-10pm), get your stamp, go back to the hotel, preparty, return by 11pm.  Kaskade didn't start playing until 1am but you want to be on the dance floor maybe by midnight so that they don't close it off.... which they did periodically cus the floor is tiny!As for the Dayclub... you can contact a promoter to get you on the list because I would not pay to get in to this pool party.  There is basically no where to sit if you didn't buy a cabana!  My girls wanted to lay out and tan, but with such limited space, it was nearly impossible.  You must have swim attire on.  Two girls got kicked out of line in front of me cus they didn't have bathing suits on under their clothes.  Don't bring a backpack.  My bf had to walk back to our room to put his backpack away.  By the time he got back, we had realized that it wasn't worth it to stay.  Dayclub is not the best.  The private jacuzzis by each cabana are pretty cool though.Marquee + Kaskade = happy me.
5	Came back here for MDW again.  For the first time I went to the day club for Above and Beyond.  I thought the pool was going to be rather small and didn't go there with much expectations but wow.  I had the time of my life!I went back to the nightclub for Amin Van Burren concert the next night... the night was unforgettable.  I love how Marquee brings in the BEST DJs.At Marquee, presale tickets are the way to go!  I used to LOVE XS, but Marquee is SOOOO much better.
3	Stairs - my worst enemy when I'm drinking.Everything else is what you expect from an Las Vegas nightclub.3.5
1	Too many stairs and the security guards are assholes... XS club is much better!
3	I wouldn't really classify myself as a "club-goer", but I was in Vegas and I felt like dancing! By reading the other reviews it sounds like they charge to get in. My boyfriend and I were on a list and didn't have to pay (that feels impossible to write without sounding like a jerk) the cover charge, but I don't feel like its worth a $40 entrance fee. I will say that I don't feel that there's anything else like this on the strip. I loved that there was a huge outside area poolside, where you are surrounded by infinity Jacuzzis. My boyfriend and I sat in a hanging eggshell chair at the end of the outdoor area for quite a while, just enjoying the show. Fun people watching.Having a club partially outside is a great way to catch a breather, or to just choose your vibe. After a run to the bathroom (super fun bathrooms, worth the visit), we decided to do some dancing. The LED background is neat, I especially liked that on one of the upper floors you can walk behind it. The dancefloor however is pretty tiny for a 60,000 sq foot club, and it being that size, you get the sense that they'll pretty much let anyone in. I encountered more than a few obnoxious people, with bad dance floor manners, but I guess that's just par for the course.They had a great light system that they didn't put to much use.So why the three stars? One word:STAIRS.There's a stairwell to go up to the two other rooms at the club, one which is a mini version of marquee, a little darker, with a bar and a dance floor. The other is more of a lounge, with a euro feel, complete with fireplace and billiard tables. It's much more quiet and intimate. Its more than a little incongruous when paired with Marquee, but it was pretty empty, I think because it was around 5 flights of stairs to get their, and it was pretty warm. Only plus side is they have guys stationed at all the landings, just to make sure you don't fall down.This place would be a disaster in a fire. Your mind cant help but go there.Now here's the kicker.You take an elevator to go up to the club, and you cant take one down until one am. So if you want to leave before that, too bad, you're taking the stairs. Be prepared to exit through your typical office building industrial metal stair case that goes on and on and on.....I'm in good shape, and I had to stop a few times and catch my breath. I counted, and I think from top on the club to bottom, I counted 13 sets of stairs. Its excessive, but the upside is you'll definitely be feeling your glutes in the morning, especially if you're wearing heels.
3	oh marquee.busy weekends = be sure to get presales!  i got mine for 20 and it was 60 for girls at the door!i don't remember much, but i remember A LOT of stairs!  we were there for ATB/LBL.  atb's planned set was AWESOME... but given that he had to make up for LBL's delayed flight... i believe he played until 4:30am and by then i was on the point of collapsing.though we did stay until 6am, near the end of his set.  we went outside AND IT WAS BRIGHT.  they had put curtains up so people would not see the sunlight come in!the stage area was not huge.  it definitely got crowded, and there were a lot of people shoving.  there were a lot of angry little asian girls that thought people were pushing them on purpose nearby us... sweetie, it's called the domino effect.  this place was packed with tiny, angry asian girls and some weird creepy guys (straight up grabbing hair).if it weren't for the performers, i much prefer xs over marquee.
4	Ordinarily "mega" clubs are a huge turnoff for me. Especially ones that cater to mainstream dance music....and Marquee is certainly both of those things. But I can't lie - this place is GORGEOUS, has a bangin' soundsystem, really damn good resident DJ's, and is packed with some of the finest local and out of town women I have ever seen in my 37 years of existence. No....SERIOUSLY...packed to the gills with gorgeous females as far as the eye can see!!! And a tip of the hat to the bar staff - they make some obscenely strong drinks. Sure, they're expensive, but you're getting your $$'s worth. My tip tho - find a local with pull for the guestlist, otherwise you'll be in line for friggin' ever. When in Vegas - go get your Marquee on!
5	We came here over MDW, came on Monday night when RedFoo from LMFAO spun/performed and Chuckie DJ'ed. We were on a guestlist, so we arrived at 9:30, since doors opened at 10. The line was already pretty long for both general admission and GL.For the GL line, once 10PM hit, the guys with the lists walked down the line, gave you the piece of paper to say how much (or not) you have to pay to get in. Behind them, there was another bouncer that was checking ID's and stamping people so when you got to the front of the line, they didn't have to do that. Unfortunately, no one communicated with each other that they were doing that...so we still had two bouncers at the front check our ID's and try to stamp our hands, only to realize that someone else had beat them to it.Since there were only three of us, two girls and one guy, the GL guy comped the guy...which was amazing to me. I didn't think that any guy could get into a LV club for free. I finally realized why it takes so long to get the line moving, because you have to go up elevators. Gotcha, same situation with Moon at The Palms.Once we got into the club, the girls had wristbands to get free drinks until 11PM. Well, we got into the club at 10:40, so we basically hit up every bar on the main level before 11PM. They make strong drinks and since there are so many bars throughout the club, none of them were super crowded early on. The best bar to go to is the one after the exit to the patio because it's tucked away, but it's pretty big. They had a lot of staff working, a lot of them were just standing around waiting for it to get packed.  We went downstairs to the Boombox room and upstairs to the library. Then we came back upstairs when RedFoo got on stage. It was insane...the sound quality in the club is amazing. The crowd was going crazy and RedFoo put on a great show. The go-go's were entertaining up above the crowd. I'm a club promoter, I've been to many clubs. But this by far is my favorite one I've ever been to. XS is nice, but Marquee has something for everyone in your group. And it's fun running from room to room. No wonder this is the newest hot spot in Vegas, someone is going to have to do a lot of planning to figure out how to top this nightclub.
4	So this place is really nice and the people, in my opinion, were really cool. My friends and I didn't get a table so we had to post up in the pool kinda by the stairs but that didn't matter because it gave us a chance to see and talk to everyone that came in and out. Also, the staff was really friendly. They let us put our stuff under someones table while we played in the water with new friends.I don't know who the DJ was but the one they had this day (5/28/11) was really good. I've never seen some one get a crowd of people so amped... this place was seriously goingin' off. My only knock is the drinks were not cheap but then again your in Vegas...nothings cheap.
3	Don't hate me for saying this but.... marquee is... OVERRATED.  I went for the first time back in March and couldn't remember a thing. Then I went back over Memorial Day Weekend to see Markus Schulz, albeit with very high expectations. Overall, wasn't that impressed. First of all, it is INSANELY confusing to get into this club. First floor, second, third, fourth? Where do you start? It is so confusing. Whatever happened to ONE entrance and ONE exit? The other not-so-helping aspect about this already confusing club is that the bouncers/security people aren't all on the same page. They all tell you different things, sending you on a wild goose chase to find the mystical entrance. We eventually got in, so yay, but I definitely lost my buzz in the process.The outside of the club is really cool. It's set up around a pool and there are pretty lights everywhere. The inside... it's regular. The pictures you see on the website don't resemble the inside at all in terms of lighting. It's all black/dark, I really didn't see anything special about the "main floor" at all. There's a huge screen in front of you, but it's really nothing spectacular. Also, the main dance floor area has been described to me multiple times as a "mosh pit of dancing dudes." This couldn't have been more true. The funny part is that when you leave, they make you all take the same elevators down to the exit. Oh, so NOW there's one way to exit, but really?? You're going to make thousands of people take the same way out... via elevator? Whoever designed this place... smh. The bathrooms are in the WORST location, they put them in some back far corner. Clubs aren't supposed to be confusing, especially since you'd expect people to be drunk inside them. Overall, I'm not impressed. It's really overhyped.
5	If you love electronic music, there is no better spot in town to take it in. The world-class DJs booked here on a weekly basis are nothing short of mind-boggling, and the Funktion One sound system is an absolute monster. Add to that customized LED displays behind the DJ booth, cryo, confetti and foam and the dancefloor becomes one of the most intense spots in the world to dance your ass off.The moment that the headlining DJ at Marquee takes the stage every night is made to feel like an even,t, and the energy on the dancefloor is nothing short of incredible. I used to complain that nobody in Vegas danced at nightclubs. Not anymore.The rooftop pool deck is one of my favorite off-dancefloor haunts, the sound system is fairly impressive for an outdoor setup (but still conversation-friendly) and the bars outside tend to be quicker than in.The Library is a cool space as well, a genuine library setting with an intriguing collection of books, all vaguely Vegas-related, or sin-related, or somehow relevant in a six-degrees sort of way. The cocktail servers upstairs, it should be noted, dress like sexy librarians. I'm just sayin'. If that's your thing.The crowd is a blend of mixed motivations - househeads hypnotized by every crossfade, bottle rats who'll be carrying their shoes halfway through the night, VIPs staking out prime real estate - but one thing's for sure, this crowd comes to party.A few of the little touches that impress me about this place are the subversive Marquis de Sade and Oscar Wilde quotes painted on the walls and mirrors, the stiff drinks (expensive, of course, but strong all the time), and a thoughtful nod to music lovers, the fact that the main room sound system is piped into the bathrooms, hallways and anterooms so it doesn't feel like you're leaving the party every time you need to use the bathroom.The club stops being fun when it hits capacity though, when bouncers have to block off the dance floor. It's even less fun outside the club at capacity, so get here early or buy presale tickets. Especially for DJs like Benny Benassi, Kaskade and Steve Angello. But don't get shut out of the premier house music showcase in Las Vegas.
4	Whenever I'm at Marquee, I always come prepared w/ pre-bought tix for the event I'm planning to attend.  Its always cheaper & less of a hassle if you do.  I am always able to skip the line & cut right through w/ no problem.  I've never had to wait in line thus far to get into the dayclub/nightclub.  The security guards are A-OK in my book & the staff is cool & attentive.  I love the drinks I order & they're usually strong enough to get me to a nice buzz.  Long Island, AMF, Mojitos, Sex on the Beach just a few of the drinks that left me dancing to the music of Scotty Boy, Cedric, & Above & Beyond!  Next time I go back, I want to get a cabana/lounge area cause standing around w/ no where to place your stuff kind of sucks.  But I will admit that we had a good view of the DJs that day while still being in close proximity to the bar.... till next time!
1	This one star review is based entirely on my interaction with the horribly rude bouncer. See below.Bouncer: "I can't let you in, you're not wearing pool attire"Me: "Okay, if I change will you let me in?"Bouncer: "Yes"I leave and purchase shorts at the shop next door.Bouncer: "I can't let you in, we're about to close"Me: "My friends are in there, I just need to get my room key from them"Bouncer: "I'll let you in but you have to pay $30"Me: "Absolutely not"Bouncer walks away without further discussion. The end.Thanks but no thanks? Stellar service, bro. I almost took the $30 I saved on cover and invested in a pocket knife at the novelty shop down the road. I would have returned to Marquee later that day and landed a quick jab to his kidneys. But alas, I did not. Maybe next time.
4	It ain't no XS (at the Wynn) but damn this place is hoppin' (+ bonus points because they know their bands and DJs).Here's a tip - get your tickets the day before (first floor at the Marquee ticket booth - just ask around) anytime after noon and you'll skip the long line later on. Makes the experience THAT much more enjoyable. Trust me.When the pool area is open it's like heaven. Personal jacuzzis per cabana? Wa wa what? What a nice touch. Only reason I docked you one point is because you don't have enough seating for those NOT willing to shill out the boo koo bucks on bottle service. Damn, Cosmo, girls with high heels can't always be struttin' their stuff..they need to sit!
4	Upgrading my rating for the Dayclub.. def one of the better pool parties in Vegas.. not as crazy crowded as Wet Republic or Rehab, and fairly good service at the bar.  bring ur $$$$ though cuz a can of light beer is $10!
4	We came here for a pool party during the day. It was super packed and we had to wait a little bit to get in. The club itself is beautiful. The pool is lined with palm trees and they have awesome glass jacuzzis. They also sell food (not sure how good it is). The bartenders were the only disappointment. They weren't very friendly and steadfastly ignored my requests to close my tab several times. The weather was perfect when we there, which really added to the experience. I'd definitely come back here to another pool party and to check it out at night as well.
3	Too much hype with this night club. I personally like XS or Surrender better. The dance floor is too small, and of course it is ALWAYS packed. The outside is more breathable, but still it is small. Again, WAY TOO CROWDED. They have other levels, but everyone crowds to the top. I must applaud them for doing the best they can w/ the space. They have acrobatic performers dancing around the top, at least when Kaskade was DJ-ing.Also, the dancers are HOT! And plenty shaking their asses!Of course, I do suggest checking this place out at least once... to be in the know-all :) !
5	EDC was in the house just our luck! Love love loveAt first we were not impressed cause there are so many different floors and all the other rooms suck only the main floor is good.  But then at like 1am ish EDC came on and rocked the house and me and my girls were in a trance.  No longer did our feet hurt or were we tired from the second night of not sleep and partying.  Love LOVE love.  Line is LONG and crazy.  Get a name or something!  or go really really early.
4	Got in for free with line cuts after going through a promoter for my friend's bachelorette party. Drinks are typically priced for Vegas.... $15 for a shot of goose.The pool area at this club is so gorgeous. Best i've seen in Vegas. Music is mostly house, but there is a floor with hip hop.  My only gripe is the insane amount of stairs you have to go up and down when you're trying to navigate your way around the club. Also, we got lost trying to find the exit. It's like a maze in there when you're not completely sober.
4	Visited: May 29th, 2011The eight of us wanted to go swimming at some point of our trip. We could have gone to the pool at our resort, but since we could get into a dayclub/beach club, we decided on that. So I hit up Scott the day before our visit and and asked him if he could put us on the list for the Marquee Dayclub. As soon as we went outside to the car so that we could head on over to Marquee, we saw the gloomy skies and were worried that it was not going to be warm enough to swim. Nevertheless, we still went on over. We arrived at the Cosmopolitan about 15 minutes later and walked upstairs to the club. Let me tell you, the Cosmopolitan is one of the nicest looking hotels in Las Vegas. That chandelier in the middle of the hotel is exquisite. We walked upstairs to the club and had to wait in a line. The manager looked for my name on the list, but couldn't find it, so he then asked me who was supposed to put me on the list. I told him that it was Scott Reading, and the manager wrote my name down on the list and told me that he knows Scott from Thunder From Down Under. He then gave me a slip and it gave us ladies free admission. Score! :) Anyway,  the VIP line was longer than the general admission line and it was divided into two because there was a walkway to the horse race betting area, and the line couldn't block it. Because of that, some naive people thought that the line ended before that walkway. The girls behind us were getting pissed because there were people cutting. My friend Isabel was getting pissed at this one couple that pulled that grimey move, and then they had the nerve to tell her that she was wrong. So my other friend called the manager and escorted them to the back of the growing line. We had that issue as well with other people, but the manager caught them. We didn't catch these two girls cutting in front of us, and the guys in front of them were trying to vouch for them (even though we could all tell that those two girls weren't with the group of guys). One of those girls was making some kind of comment about the line, and my friend Kerri told them that they cut the line and there were people waiting behind us longer than them. One of the girls told her to not make such a big deal about it, and then laughed. Kerri mocked that laugh because that girl had an ugly laugh. I didn't get involved, but I couldn't help but laugh inside. All I can say is that the management at this club did their job as best as they could with controlling the line. Kudos to them! :) As soon as we got to the front, we were given waterproof wristbands and escorted to the elevator. As soon as we went outside, it started to become a little cold and windy. The sun came in and out, and it was really hard to enjoy the club because of that. All I can say about this club is that it really is nice with all the cabanas and the swimming pool, but it was totally not the right day to be out swimming or tanning.  I think one thing this club needs to work on is the seating arrangement. For those who don't purchase the cabanas (some with personal jacuzzi tubs), they only have the options of standing or sitting at the planters. It was pretty awesome to get into this club for free, and we probably would have enjoyed it more had it not been so windy and chilly.
4	Marquee is really THE club to be at in Vegas right now, so I recommend for everyone to try and experience this club and the Cosmopolitan.  Great place, but it takes planning to get inside.  I've been twice to the night club once in April and recently on Memorial day weekend and once to the day club.  Cute girls contact a promoter, follow their instructions and you'll get in no problem, but getting to the right line might be a bit of a trek so give yourselves an extra 15 minutes to figure out where you're going.  Whenever I go theres always cool DJs and I always have a good time. I love how this club is both indoor and outdoor.  Theres music for everyone at this club because it has so many different spaces.  I don't know how the pricing is because we either had open bar, bottle service or someone else always bought our drinks in this place.The day club is fun too, but crowded (can't expect anything less on Memorial day weekend) as far as I know Marquee day club was free on the guest list.  Drinks were difficult to order.  the cabanas look amazing and each had their own jacuzzi - that seemed really cool.  LMAFO were also chilling at the pool that was a fun sighting.
4	Marquee was impressive (always a plus to be able to talk your way into VIP admission). I hate techno, but still had a great time.  Outside by the pool is pretty, the dance floor is a techno fan's haven, but for hip-hop heads, the Boombox is where you need to be.  It's a little hard to find, but it was great - a basement party playing old school early 90s hip-hop all night (or at least as long as I was there.)  Marquee is at least three clubs in one, and I have the feeling that I missed some more.  I guess that i need to go back.
5	Went here to see Armin Van Buuren on a sunday for MDW 2011. This place is super huge, very classy and trendy. Like XS, there is an outdoor pool area thats availble as well. The main stage has a super huge LED monitor that displays graphics during the night. Drinks are average vegas prices.
4	WHERE: Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino!WHEN: Mondays & weekends!WHY: One of the newer clubs in town!WHY: Mondays are industry nights/local nights! So, it may be a good time for y'all local folks to mingle it up!WHAT: I have been here a couple times already, and I despise the lines and the stair system that they had going on!My family and friends decided to go one night (a month into its grand opening I believe), we had free passes to get in, got there at 10pm, stood in the glist line, and didn't get in until 2 hours later!! What the heck is that!!!We went again 3 months ago, we actually got walked in by my new promoter friend, BUT we had to take the stairs to all levels!! They claimed their elevators weren't working! And, a girl cannot be in heels for 5 hours, or they just get crabby!! (Or maybe I'm just speaking for myself, lol). Another thing, I am not that much of a fan for house or trance music, but they sure do play a lot of it in the Main room! In the smaller room, or the "boombox room," they play a mixture of hiphop and pop music. On the top floor is the Library room, where you can just go up there and chill, play pool, and or dance. That was undoubtedly my favorite room!At the end of the night, it was down the stairs we went!! & goodbye!
4	I normally would NEVER review a place like this. I don't like big, loud, douchey nightclubs, and it would be stupid for me to write bad reviews on other ones I've been to (I won't be writing one on Haze at the Aria, which I was also at on this debaucheries LV weekend) when it's the entire scene in general that's not up my ally. It's like giving a bad review to an Italian restaurant when you don't like Italian food in the first place. Anyways, if you like nightclubs and wanna go to one in Vegas, I'd make this my choice. It's HUGE, beautiful, and has a completely different vibe in different rooms/floors so there's something for everyone. Honestly, I know there's a lot more to this place that I didn't get to check out, but what I saw I liked. The pool area was gorgeous and there was lots of room to sit & mingle w/friends. I'm not a big fan of electronic music, but this area was huge as well. Later in the night (well...early morning) I checked out the hip-hop area and adjacent patio, which was also a lot of fun. I can talk about lines, cover charges, rude bouncers (which I didn't experience here...stand-offish, yes...but not "rude"), but at the end of the day that's the Vegas club scene so you probably already know that if you're bothering to read this review. Plus, everyone has a different experience when dealing w/promoters (if you go that route) so the logistics of Marquee is hard to comment on. I will say the drinks are expensive in general, but on par w/Vegas standards (as far as in night clubs). Of course you can always sneak a flask in (who, me?). At the end of the day, Marquee is a nice nightclub and if you're gonna do the club scene in Vegas I would recommend it. If you absolutely detest this whole scene, however, I don't think this place is necessarily gonna make you convert so I'd definitely come prepared to deal w/douchebags. Just have an open mind I guess :)
5	My new favorite club in Vegas!!!What a cluster getting into this place!!!  There are, what seems like, about 20 different lines all for different purposes.  We were lucky enough to be on the guest list and also guest of the hotel.  The guest list line was RIDICULOUS!!!  We asked one of the doormen about being guests of the hotel and a new line was created for us and others.  After waiting in that line you then move to another line and then to another line and then finally to the elevator line.  In all, I believe it only took about 30 minutes to get to the elevator which wasn't too bad.  You see, you have to take the elevator down to the club.  I have no idea how these guys keep the lines straight because it looked like a mess, but was run very efficiently.  The club is gorgeous, ginormous, and so much fun!!!  There are 3 levels of fun...all with a different sort of theme.  I really liked the top floor with the library set up.  We also became aware of a secret hidden door on this floor...is this where the uber secretive VIP room is???  We spent most of our night, however, on the main level outside which is just the converted Marquee Day Club.  It is so much fun out there, plus the night was perfect when we were there...not too hot...not too windy.  This location also makes it super easy to get to the bathrooms and to the bar.We will definitely be returning to Marquee Night Club on our next Vegas trip!!!
3	Since my first visit at Marquee, my experience has gone WAY downhill. Last weekend, our group headed over to the club and hopped into the guest list line (each one of us put ourselves onto the Eventvibe list and even got email confirmations for it.) Out of 18 of us, not ONE of us were on the guest list for some odd unknown reason. Luckily, we had passes from promoters that took care of us, but I thought the whole website (that was legit, because we've used it before) was a little disorganized and confusing to say the least. Also, it seems like they changed their entry lines when before, certain guest lists were located on different floors, and then last weekend, the bouncers told us there is only one guest list now. After the whole guest list fiasco, we left to pre-party in our room and when we returned, we were sent off on a wild goose chase by different bouncers to find the re-entry for the club! Actually, that might have been the funnest part of the night. Once we were in, it was claustrophobia to the nth degree. In my opinion, they should switch the hip hop room to the main floor every so often but again, that's just me... Great if you're into EDM and all, but I most definitely am not... =\
5	KASKADE KILLS IT AGAIN!!!Was here 2 weeks ago for Kaskade's set once again and just like before the energy was OFF THE HOOK!  However this time around, me and my friends decide to pitch in and get a grand cabana. My host set me up prior and within 5min of arriving to marquee, down the elevators and onto my table.The Grand Cabanas are located on the patio on the left hand side. Its a short walk from the main room but isnt bad at all. The cabana provided air and a place to party when I wasnt on the main floor shuffling the night away.  This by far was the best night of my life and the bill speaks for itself.https://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-snc6/249095_10150637403810241_557670240_18830054_4712010_n.jpgWill I do it again? HELL YES!
2	Does this look like a luxury Vegas nightclub or the scarce-used exit of a run-down medical building? http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WUq8HJHIZU4uteB154XN7w?select=JvT5VYkd_3HHLnrljGKv7wI'm not big on clubs in general, but when in Vegas, I like to do my hair, put on a short dress, and go dance until my quads give out.  My first night of this same trip, I had a great time at XS - I'm not just an old lady grumbling about clubs.I am grumbling that this particular club, due to its status as Vegas's newest, is an unenjoyable clusterfuck, with people packed like rats onto strangely small dance floors.  We tried to maneuver our way onto the floor in the only area playing hip hop, and we couldn't even get our elbows in.  Elsewhere, the music was bad and weird, with lots of irritating house and techno.The best parts of the club were the outdoor areas, and Marquee gets that extra star because I liked the pool and the surrounding tables.  Of course, after a certain hour, you need to sign over your firstborn before you get to use a table, but I suppose if you're not too attached to your DNA the space is nice.  The outdoor areas are also fairly breathable, and some of the views are wonderful.  It was a cold night when I went, so I suppose I didn't get to enjoy these things thoroughly.  I also didn't really mind a random balcony we found, where we were able to take off our shoes and observe the dance floor.  But it wasn't glamorous, and it wasn't really part of the designated club experience.  Probably also not a part of that experience?  Those ridiculous bleacher stairs.  Marquee is huge, like several stories high, and the night we went, the elevators were down.  From what I understand, even when they're operable, it's sometimes better to take the stairs.  To which I respond - what?  Then why does the stairwell look like the kind of shady back-of-the-building place where a girl in high heels might be murdered?  And more relevant to most - why am I expected to take these stairs in five inch heels, so that I almost eat shit by skidding off a step in front of the people in Marquee, who number in the thousands?Anyway, if you must check out the hottest new club in Vegas blah blah blah, go for it.  If you're a girl, you're still best off if you know someone, and if that someone likes you, you can get in free.  If you're a boy, that same someone will still charge you $45.  We had no hassle getting in, which makes it even more amazing that I didn't have the time of my life.  (I also spent $0 inside, having pre-gamed in the hotel room and at dinner.)  We went early, and if you are inclined to check this place out, do show up as soon as you can.  Get a stamp and go to dinner if you have to - they won't guarantee your reentry, but it worked fine for us.While I won't be surprised if I find myself back here, I can say with confidence that it will not be my choice.  Marquee's infestation of people and parking lot stairs really turned me off, and I will have to be plied with vodka before I'm willing to return.  I suppose in Vegas, though, that can easily be arranged.
3	Let me first preface by saying this club was THE place to be for a Saturday night in Vegas, especially to celebrate the eve of my birthday. Thanks Remie M. for getting all of us in!!!The Cosmopolitan is a beautiful and modern hotel and Marquee nightclub is a great accompaniment to that. There was beautiful decor and beautiful people galore. That being said, the design itself is left to be desired. There are lots of stairs to take in-between levels, which is not so fun when you have high heels on. Also, the first level where they played hip-hop was waaaaay too crowded. My friends and I were trying to make our way to the dance floor and nearly got trampled. We turned right back around and wound up spending the rest of the night outdoors by the pool where they were playing trance music. So it was cool, but I've been to better.
2	This is for the Dayclub and nightclub-Dayclub-  Friday as hotel guests were told we get in free, when I showed up they wanted to charge $20 each, there was no line at all and the place looked dead, I only stopped by because a friend was working and was going to say hi. I never went in and just left. Saturday we were walked in and after being ID'd and going up the elevators we had to wait in yet another line to be searched and let in, it just seemed disorganized. (everyone was looking around the with WTF looks on their faces) When we get up to the pool deck there is almost Nowhere to sit/stand.....there were so many daybeds and loungers empty for rent you could barely walk around. I'm all for selling out your daybeds and such, but when your guests are almost falling in the pool to more from point a to point b there is a problem. At WET you have room by the pool to sit on the edge, lay out a towel in some areas, etc...here the daybeds go all the way to the pool edge all around the pool, you can lay a towel behind a daybed, but in the walkway by the bar....I'd recommend taking out a few loungers so your guests can move. We stayed about 10 minutes and went down to the boulevard pool in the hotel (this would be a MUCH better set up for a pool party)Nightclub- We went on a Saturday night around 11:30-12:30 with a big name DJ playing....the line wrapped all the way around the club into the hotel walk way (over by the tall shoe installations), must have been a few thousand in line...we had a about 8 girls and 3 guys and were able to walk right in as hotel guests. When we get up the club is SUPER dark, more so than usual, the place is like a maze with all the different rooms and unless you have a table you really can lose your friends. It was also packed to the point it was hard to walk around. Our plan was to get early and get our stamps so we could come back in later through the readmission door. (some girls had to finish getting ready, and we wanted to go back to the room for a few drinks) To our surprise the exit and readmission is down these crazy back utility stairs almost 5 flights down! So all the girls in 5" heels and mini dresses were walking up and down the stairs just to leave/return....really ruins the ambiance of the club when you have to leave out of a back fire escape. Again I think this is due to the disorganization of management....club seemed like it would be ok with a comped table with friends, but if I have to walk down the stairs again to leave...no thanks!
2	I should have listened to everyone who told me to go to XS. I came to marquee for my birthday & it had to be the worst night I've ever had. The entire staff was rude, except the shot girls. They were too damn strict, its a club, let people have some fun & they stopped letting people on the dance floor, so if you left your friends there to go to the bathroom don't expect to go back to them. I decided to go to surrender the following Wednesday and had the best night. No matter what others club I've gone to, surrender has always topped them & their drinks are $13 at surrender & $20 at marquee. So take my advice, save your time & money & go to wynn/encore. Marquee is overrated!!! I will never go back there!
4	This review is for the Dayclub.  Came on a Wednesday, so it was a chill day, but still lots of fun.  I was impressed with the bottle prices for during the week (about half the price of Encore Beach Club).  Had a cabana for  a $500 spend minimum.  Our waitress was great and the food and drinks amazing!!
5	Showed up during Memorial Day weekend and, Saturday, it was super packed! Didn't have the best experience on saturday because it was so crowded! But, came back on Monday and had the BEST time at party rock Monday with LMFAO! Free stuff (glasses, lights, inflated zebras/guitars, foam fingers, etc) was handed out to the girls and the bottle service tables! So crackin.. Definitely recommend mondays!! All locals say the same thing, mondays are the day to be at marquee & it was free!
4	Get there early, be on the list or know a promoter and make sure to have hott girls with you! the line here is long!!awesome club.. Must go!
5	Thinking about going VIP style and getting bottle service?  Read my review.Originally we had planned to go to XS which we felt was a safe bet and would have been slightly cheaper but it turned out that one my friend's girlfriend was gonna be there with her gfs and that would not have made it a good time.  Why would we want to go to Vegas and hang out with someone's gf while were on a bachelor party?  So XS was out and we considered Tryst because it would have been cheaper than Marquee but we heard that Tryst were all the rejects from XS and Marquee.  Its a bachelor party so we decided we'd do things right and go to the hot spot.  Okay so on to my review. Wow talk about an awesome club.  Great crowd and cool layout.  I've been coming to vegas for about a decade and this club exceeded my expectations. If you come earlier you might be able to get a better table location.  I would recommend a table in the outdoor patio area, halfway between the bar and the dance area where there's a lot of foot traffic.  The tables on the side aren't as good because no one goes there.We walked into the club at around 10:30pm and it was already packed.  Get there early, even if you are getting a table.    The club opens at 9pm which may sound too early to go but you really should start heading over at the time and be outside of the club at 9:30pm.  It is that insane.If you're coming with a group of guys I highly recommend getting a table with bottle service because it will make your experience much better.  Prices for liquor were not cheap.  A 750ml bottle of Belvedere/Grey Goose/Patron was $495 and Red Bulls were $7/can.  Also they have a minimum bar tab that you need to meet which fluctuates depending on the how popular that night/weekend is. This can range from as low as $1500 to as high as $4000 depending on how large your group is and whether or not you have a hook-up. For the night we went, the minimum table price was at $3000 but we managed to get a table for $2000 minimum instead (this gets you about 4 bottles).  Plus tax and 20% tip. A general rule is that you can bring 3 guys in for each bottle. All in you can expect to spend between $350 to $500 per guy.  If you know the right people and are willing to give the host (not the bouncer) $300 to $500 up front everything will be a lot easier.  Is it worth it?  I'd say yes but your experience may vary.The VIP bottle service comes with mixers (cranberry juice, tonic water, etc) but VOSS water is $6 each.  You get introduced to a security guard who watches over your area but will also tell you to wake up your friends if they start sleeping on the couch.  WTF guys, seriously?  Why would you come to vegas, spend all this money, drink yourself out within 2 hours of entering just to sleep at the club?  Anyway.  Also, you get your own server who helps you pour drinks if you'd like.So after finally experiencing what it's like to roll like a VIP, I don't think I can do regular entry ($50 for guys on Saturdays) anymore.  Waiting at the bar to buy drinks and walking around aimlessly with no place to sit is just not appealing anymore. Sure you might *only* spend $150 and have a decent time ($50 entry and 4 to 5 drinks) but theres a reason why bottle service is so expensive.  You are paying for the experience and it's definitely worth it.
3	I'm not gonna lie.  I didn't last very long in here before I suddenly decided to up and go.The pros:-We had a cool promoter who walked us in so we didn't have to wait. But that doesn't really have a lot to do with the club.-Free drink tickets when you sign up for something with your email in the bathroom.  I signed up twice for some reason. -It seemed cool enough on the dance floor and whatnot?The cons:-Those stairs are a lawsuit waiting to happen.  Who was dumb enough to create a club with industrial, metal stairs where girls walk around in heels and everyone is drunk?! Really?!Four stars for the free drinks and vibe.  1 star for the stairs. Come on: I am being pretty generous here.
4	First off, it definitely pays to have a connection or know somebody who can get you in with a table. Otherwise, you're going to be in for a long wait. Before you do get a table, make sure the ratio of your group is spread out (typically they always like more women than men). Luckily I know a promoter who got us a table and bottle right away, and the wait for that is not too bad considering how big your group is.Marquee is definitely one of the more unique clubs in Las Vegas, as there are different rooms and areas for different means of clubbing (a main dance area with the DJ stand, the Boombox room for Hip-Hop, and the outside pool for socializing and also dancing to an outdoor DJ/system). What I really love about Marquee is the pool outdoors; at least you don't need to be shouting over your friends to talk in order to actually hold a conversation, and its a nice area to come get a breath of fresh air from dancing inside. You should definitely aim to get a table out there since there's a lot more room to dance around your cabana and get some free space. Be careful not to finish your entire bottle right away, for the instant you do, you'll be ushered out so the next group could take it. My only drawbacks is the dance floors are very tiny. I agree that the stairs are a liability waiting to happen for anyone drunk and strutting around on platforms, but that's why I always try to club in cute shoes that aren't heels. ;) Otherwise, I had a blast at Marquee! Definitely a switch up from all the typical Vegas clubs that have one standard theme, at least this one switches up the atmospheres! I have to say hitting up Marquee on the weekdays is a lot better than the weekends from a local perspective, especially on Monday nights!
1	eh. I've been here twice. TOTALLY OVERRATED. Like, SOOOOOOOO OVERRATED. If you are 21 and asian (hey, i'm not discriminating, I'm just calling it how it is, BOTH times I was there, that's what I saw) then you may like it. I'm from L.A. and I don't go clubbing all the time, but I have been had my share of exclusive/hot/trendy clubs and this one def has the potential but there is WAYYY too much going on. The staff, the 4 flights of stairs, not any stairs, like metal stairs that crunch your feet and toes if you wear heels  (i'm not joking. and girls, wear COMFORTABLE SHOES) The $16 or $17 dollar cocktails (but they don't make them weak, they have a heavy pour) and not being able to sit anywhere, and being sandwhiched between people constantly becuase it is soo packed is not fun for me or my friends. Again, I've been here twice and it as exactly the same both times. Asian people, no seats unless you have a table, and tons of people that isn't for someone that is clausterphobic. It's not fun. You just stand around and watch people. If you want to dance, you have about 3 centimeters of space. It's not worth it. Well, maybe for the view of the pool. That was the only perk to this club.
4	I would have to say that I had a lot of fun but it definitely helps to have a connection or know someone who works for the club who can get you in with a table.  The night I went was a 3 bottle minimum.  I think we were very lucky they did not enforce that for me and my girls.  We were also very lucky one of the girls in our group knew someone to help us hook up our bachelorette party.  There is a long wait if you don't know anyone or set up something with the club before hand.  There was a line for general admission, for Cosmopolitan hotel guests, for VIP's and for Guest List.  I really enjoyed our home base (the Library room with table service).  Music was great and of course it helped that the night we were there, Kaskade was spinning.  Hip Hop room was fun too but this club gets packed!  It was a lot of fun and atmosphere was energetic.
5	This place just perfects EVERYTHING, from decor, music, drinks, experience, and management....MARQUEE has it all. I was there with ARMIN, on a fully packed but beautiful night!The one thing that really sells me this place is often the forgotten part....management. Most places you'll wait hours in line, then get inside to realize that you are stuck in the middle of a corridor unable to move....not at Marquee. For such a huge headliner, the line was barely there, and everything was a breeze. You go up from those elevators into a sultry sexy club that fits with the entire sex appeal of the Cosmopolitan.  Then in every little nook and cranny, there may be an asshole of a security guard....but he makes the experience better by simply making sure everything is moving.....by that i mean crowd control is perfect. Never have I had such an easy time moving around a club this packed.ANYWAY, next to the rest of the club....the inside is gorgeous and the center dancefloor is vaulted to reveal lights that mesmerize, and leave you lost in your ecstatic bliss ;) Then when you want to chill, just head out into the day club area to see an amazing view of Vegas paired with the hottest looking dayclub around. Its pools are picture perfect and all the cabanas have their own jacuzzis with glass sides to reveal all the hottness inside! At night its lit up with the fire of those illuminating columns that help keep you warm from the chilly night. Wanna keep the outdoors still vegas-y....they've got blackjack tables outside for you to blow more money on this lavish playground.This place is HUGE, with multiple levels which I unfortunately didn't explore because i was enTRANCEd by Armin! The showmanship and surrounding dancers rivaled that of massives, in the much smaller space of a club. As for the bars, well there are many of them for you to get to, so you're not waiting in line everywhere...and the bar staff are lightning fast with drinks, even if they are some of the most expensive drinks in Vegas clubs.In the end....ALL WORTH it. By far one of the best club experiences I have, for a large variety of realistic and party reasons! This club definitely has the money for some great headliners (ARMIN!!!!) so no matter when you go, you'll be guaranteed amazing music with a club that makes you feel a little ok with that massive hole in your pocket it makes.
2	Overrated. I came during Memorial Day weekend so maybe my experience isn't typical but it still doesn't make it any better.1. The line was unbearable, we were in line for 2 hours. And if you are a woman beware, security was watching people and telling them to put their heels back on if they were off. I don't expect for bouncers to be friendly but this was unreasonable for half of the girls there who feet were barking before they even got in the door. Ladies bring an extra pair of shoes to make the night bearable.2. The cover was $50 for women and $100 for men. Maybe this isn't the norm but for my experience that was crap regardless of them not closing until 6.3. Drink prices are ridiculous! The drinks were watered down and small with a $14 price tag.4. The DJ was very unprofessional in the hip-hop room. I'm not expecting DJs to have the ethics of a saint but letting your friends crowd around you and screw up with the music of an already overpriced club doesn't make me happy. And they played the same songs over, and over, and over again.I will not put myself through the torment of Marquee again!
5	We came to Marquee Dayclub on a Friday around NOON with a group of 10 girls. A promoted walked us in for free, gave up open bar tickets for 2 hours and hooked us up with a free daybed submerged in the smaller pool. The place is very trendy, clean and classy. Its a little small but the people are much better than at the other pools, we all had a BLAST!!!!We came back at night and it was a lot of fun again! We mostly hung out at the dayclub area and enjoyed the outside breeze and view, the inside was super packed. The music was mostly House, would have enjoyed top 40 a bit more.
5	Marquee! After all the promotions, ads and EDM big names coming through this place, my chance to visit has finally come during the AOD Invasion. LAX was on the schedule, and I base my clubbing decisions on the type of music played, Marquee was my best option on a Saturday. Oh, and a kind of famous DJ by the name of Kaskade was here as well. I take the cab down here and meet up with 2/3s of Team Encore at the Chandelier Bar. I already see a line forming downstairs. Since its my first time here, I wander over and turns out they were just lining up to get to the escalator which takes you up to the actual entrance of the club. Once I get up there, I see the REAL entrance this time I texted Derrick Runtas who guided me through the maze of 6-8 lines. I saw Justen Crews, a long time JC host and he was able to get me through rope #1. There still 3-4 more ropes to go. For some reason I got distracted and was put in a line where people were lining up to pay cover. Things didn't look right, so I texted Derrick right away and he got me in the right line and the master rope was lifted finally. Here comes the exciting part. After you took an escalator to get up here, then you get to take an elevator that takes you to one of the top floors of Cosmo. In the elevator there is a bouncer that greets you and the music is already bumping whatever the club is playing at that moment.  Once the door opens I walked into the place and it felt like a catacomb full of tunnels and mazes. Honestly I did not even get a chance to explore this whole place because it got crowded fast in a hurry. There were literally 1000's of people outside trying to get in.  Someone in team Encore had to go use the restroom and I had to go get a drink. This was the last I saw of my team. As I was roaming around through the club I saw Gubuju, and he flashes me his bank roll. Literally like 5K in cash in a money clip. "Whats this for boss?" "Collections on the grand cabana, swing by and chill with us.." "OK". You don't have to ask me twice since this is my first time visiting Marquee, doing it VIP was the right way to do it.  So after 10 minutes of dodging a concert sized dance floor crowd, we finally got up to the elevated area and the cabana. In there I saw my girl Just_Cole, SexxiNikki. The bros Rescuediver, RickyReckon, Tao, Sweat_Shop and many others I was too drunk to remember. I gave em all fist bumps and decided it was an opportune time to do an AOD chant. Following the chant I had to chance to take some pics with the Magnums and Patron bottles with the sexy JC ladies. I also had a few minutes to look out the back window of the grand cabana, and it was an awesome view of the strip.As the night went on, the alcohol started to kick in and the music switched gear into harder hitting house music. I thought this was a good time to start shuffling. I got Ricky and SweatShop into it. The only down side if any is that the outer courtyard area of the cabana includes a walkway, so you constantly have to dodge waitresses, bussers, bottle whores and just randoms walking through.  As we were shuffling these two girls come up to me and tell me my moves are bad ass. "So I want to dance for you!" "Sure, lets go grab a seat at the cabana.."So I take the girl back to the cabana much to the dismay of Gubuju and JustCole. I had her friend talk to Gubuju so he was a little happier after that.  Cole yells out "FOUR!" .. "what... whore?" Turns out she was pointing out the rating of the girl I m with. haha I had no ideas, I was crunk. The girl started to give me a lap dance. I m not sure if she was wearing any under garments because I was getting wet spots over my jeans. She was a little too drunk to stand up straight and at this point fortunately Gubuju already called the bouncers on them to escort them out. I was being a gent and I got them to the door of the club.  For some reason she expected me to go back to the hotel with her? "Umm Kaskade is playing, hello. "I head back to the cabana and had the best time ever shuffling with the boys. Kaskade just makes you feel the music. Marquee brings out the music like no other. If you dig EDM, mega clubs with a touch class. Marquee delivers like no other of our life time. Best in the world hands down.Shoutouts - Derrick Runtas / Justen Crews. Both quality hosts that can get you great service at this venue.
5	My first experience at Marquee was whatevers. We walked into Cosmo and saw the hideous, disgustingglyyy long line and I was ready to leave. Luckily we met a manager who was able to walk us through upstairs. I went up and down floor to floor, chilled at the outside bar area, danced on the dance flooor... I was just all over the place! But sadly Marquee only amused me for a couple of hours, then I get bored and wanted to leave by 1am. Because of this, I have not gone back for the nightclub but I plan on giving it another chance soooon.SO, the reason why I LOVE LOVE LOVE MARQUEE is because of my first dayclub experience. My girls and I went for memorial day weekend Sunday; our friend/promoter got us in right away and I could see how the outside COULD be HELLA fun, but omg that day was ridiculously windy. Shit was flying all over the place, girls were covered in towels, you could barely hear Afrojack over the wind. We spent the first hour deciding if we should leave or not but decided to just get a few drinks in us and see if it got better. 30 minutes later we were all buzzed, but still freezing and not having a good time.THAT was UNTIL someone :) and the owner of Marquee decided to open the nightclub dancefloor/table area during the DAY. It was amazing. One minute I was wrapped in a towel, shivering, sipping on Sangria and the next minute I was in my bikini, dancing my ass off, getting personally served unlimited DOM P, Goose, and Patron next to the owner of Marquee and a very very very generous man! That table was ... wow. It was EPIC. I remember checking the time and seeing that it was 2pm but I felt like it was 2am. I have a snapshot in my mind of all of my girls all in the nightclub in our bikinis and sandals, dancing the fucking DAY away, and having the time of our lives. Definitely on the list of my top favorite times in Vegas! Thank you MARQUEE !!!!!
4	Who had the brilliant idea of STAIRS?! Those stairs are killer. I must start off by saying... LADIES, BE PREPARED. Drunken people with multiple flights of stairs, and girls in heels? Such a horrible, dangerous mix.  We knew a promoter so we didn't take the main entrance to get in... we went up to the 3rd floor and got in right away.  You're given stamps on the inside of your wrist and on the top of your hand.  Very structured and very swift at getting people in.  Onto the club.The Boombox Level was the hip-hop floor, and the one I parked myself in.  The dance floor is tiny - and it filled up extremely quickly.  The bar right by the dance floor works fast and they're friendly.  Just be prepared to pay outrageous prices for drinks (always).  They have a door that leads you to the outside patio area, where the bathrooms are located.  Bad news?  Even if you're waiting for someone in the bathroom, they won't let you sit down. ANYWHERE. The only place you can sit is bottle service.  Or on the toilet.  Speaking of which... the bathroom is tiny. Way too small.  But the line went fast and the girls in there were respectful.  Sometimes a mix of alcohol and a room full of ladies can bring out the worst in someone.  No problems here.  The major floor at this club was the house/techno floor, which I'm not exactly a fan of... but we decided to check it out.  They had a dance floor, lots of walking space, and an outdoor area as well.  Plenty of bars on this level, so there weren't ridiculously long lines.  The top floor of this club? Don't bother.  It's weird.  There's fireplaces and pool tables?  Why would you go to a club to play pool? I don't know, I thought this level was a bit random.  Anyway.  After checking out each level, I was in love with the music on the first one.  So we faced the stairs, made our way back down, and danced the night away.  Girls are invited to dance on top of the tables (right next to the DJ) for a few minutes, then are helped back down.  One of my friends got to do it.  Lots of pretty people here. I will probably be back here, if I make my way to Vegas anytime soon.
1	Today there was a VIP invite for Yelp Elites to attend the Bacardi Like It Live so we get to skip the line!  The bouncer tells me I cant get in because my Instruction Permit/ Nevada ID has expired. For those not in the know- it's not like I could have just mailed in a check and got one back. You have to retake the test. Don't pass the test- no ID! If I even asked for a plain Nevada ID for the meantime....that still takes 3-4 weeks to mail so it still wouldn't be in my hands. It's not instant like it used to be. It's not like I found a old NV ID from years ago and decided to dust it off for some local free drinks perks, it expired a few weeks ago. This is the first time this has happened to me since it's expired recently. Is it not the IDs purpose for the club purely verifying the age of the person? It's not whether I'm legal to drive currently.. It's a real ID (one of the newer NV ones that came out last year with the hologram) with my age on it- boom. In I go everywhere else (including their sister properties) so it definitely is just this particular bouncer deciding he wants to exercise his God hand as it's in their discretion only.I could have gone all the way home, grabbed my passport and went all the way back, but such a place isn't worth the drive.  Nor am I giving them satisfaction a ant like me came crawling back wanting in even after being stepped on.  I went downstairs to Book and Stage to see Nikka Costa live and walked around the casino floor/lounges/bars....and guess what? Card accepted!
5	Marquee is a gorgeous and one of the newest clubs in Vegas.We had a group of 4 girls and decided to check out Marquee after our show.  The line was quite long, but it moved relatively fast.  The host came up to us and asked how many people were in our group.  We told him there were 4 girls and he put wristbands on our wrists that gave us open bar for 1 hour and free cover.  (Usual price for cover charge is $20 for ladies and $30 for men)Within 15 minutes, we got into the club and a bouncer took us in the elevator and brought us to the open club area with a pool.  He was funny and helped to set the mood.  The pool and bar area was gorgeous and you can see a view of the Vegas strip.  We had an amazing time and met a lot of fun and non-pretentious people.Marquee and XS are my favorite clubs in Vegas.  They are big, spread-out, non stuffy, had awesome music and beautiful decor.  My friends have never been clubbing in Vegas and I really wanted to show them a good time.  Marquee was fantastic and they were floored.
4	We checked out Marquee for the first time ever to see Fatboy Slim on MDW. He was playing at Marquee Dayclub and he heard some great things about it. We bought tickets in advance, which turned out to be the way to go, and got us in very easy. Met up with Melvin, who is the man at Marquee and he got us set up with a great table near the pool. The unfortunate part about that Sunday was the weather, awful! Things were blowing all around the pool, freezing cold, and people were just not feeling it. Most dayclubs, probably would just let everyone bare through it and not do to much else.Not Marquee! They clearly put in alot of work and moved the ENTIRE dayclub, in to, the night club! AWESOME. We got to see part of Aeroplanes set inside and then Norman Cook came up to tear the roof off. It was an awesome scene with everyone in their bikini's and boardshorts dancing inside, totally fun.Our waitress was absolutely awesome, very attentive and took care of us very well. A+ service for sure. All of the hosts were equally great and really worked to make sure everyone was happy. Oh and the food was delicious as well, from what I can remember?In the end, Fatboy Slim was amazing, and the crowd was loving it. I think Marquee is easily one of the top spots in vegas now, day or night. Check it out!
5	LOVEEEEE this club!! :DMy friends & I came here soon after their grand opening, so it was fairly new & before everyone got on the hype. We arranged for a promoter to plan out our nights. We had to arrive the earliest (9/930pn) here to wait in line. That just meant we all had to start getting ready soon than later.The Cosmopolitan is already sooo pretty in itself. Add a nightclub = GORGEOUS! :) It was fairly early to get into the club, but we didn't care. As long as we didn't have to pay, we're good. Our first stop was the bathroom (haha!)..SOOO NICE!! They had an outdoor bar area, which was great for getting some air/dancing breaks (pool area wasn't open at this time of the year). There's different floors that play different music. The music was really good the night we went. Main floor played house music. Bottom play for hip-hop, but it's a much smaller room. I didn't go upstairs, so I have no clue what was playing up there. Check this club out! I really liked it & can't wait to come again ;)
5	Marquee Nightclub rocks!. Everyone is so friendly there. Tons of beautiful people. I had a blast. I went with the VIP yelp Elites. I was treated like an Elite. Free Bacardi all night made me a little silly. Music was amazing. I couldn't stop dancing. Couldn't help it.
5	One of the top 3 Clubs in Vegas!!The place is pretty nice but they have the Best DJ's From all over plus Monday nights are free for locals!!
1	I went to Marquee on June 11th because a few of my friends had a table there. We didn't have to wait long to get in and once we entered the club it was very overwhelming. There were so many places to go and there were tons of people, which made it hard to move. I finally located my friends table and as I was making my way to their table I felt someone grab me up by my arm so aggressively that I nearly fell over. He pulled me a foot away from the table that I was trying to get to and looked at me and said "get out of here". I looked up and saw that it was one of the security guards that worked in the club. I was completely shocked considering he worked there and everyone I meet in Vegas is so sweet no matter the situation. I eventually had to have my friend come and get me and bring me back to the table. The only good thing about that night was that Kaskade was spinning and thats nothing special considering you can find him at Encore Beach Club, where they don't get physical with you. The Encore and Wynn are the greatest hotels in Vegas and nothing like what happened at Marquee would ever happen at one of those hotels.P.S. The next day I looked at my arm and had a bruise from where he grabbed me.
5	OFF THE HOOK! well at least the night of 6/18/2011 Sat.!!! but judging from most of the yelps on here... looks like Most nights are Gewd Nights...- Numerous areas of Partying- This place is like a Fun House... they just need to add a Mirror Maze or something when your tranitioning from room to room haha.- You can get an exercise at this club. Hallways, passageways... Up then down, and up again then down again... STAIRS! ****Rooms/Areas***As soon as you arrive from the elevator ride up and walk out... you will see a Bar rite in front of you.  So grab a drink or take a shot..then head Left to the Library or Right that goes to the main dance floor or Upstairs to the Hip Hop Spot or Downstairs to... another room? haha can't remember. like i said... a fun house.Hip Hop upstairs (WISH IT WAS BIGGER, OR a bit LESS CRACKIN? hah)  from this room is access to the side balcony w/ view of Aria to catch a breather and air.  They also have music out there and a mini bar closer to the bottle service spots.Room with Pool Table and very old school style looking.. it has a clock that you will see thats similar to the clock tower in Back to the Future =P, VERY COOL AREA!  seemed like underground hip hop & a mix up... maybe it was just the dj that night. (same floor as Hip Hop joint and balcony access)The Library: main room trance house - Biggest Room with sick lighting effects and screens galore... this room also leads out towards...The Outdoor pool main where theres a waterfall to the right of the main outside bar - some what mixed, but for the most part House umm k, thats all i remember...For the Bottle Service Peeps - I think the best setups are at the outside main pool area on the sides, Not the center(gets way to crowded and peeps will be all around your spot).  if your near a jacuzzi or against the walls... You are good....GOOD TIMES! this club is now my new favorite night party spot in sin city.if your into nightclubs... this spot is definitely a winner in every aspect
5	I LOVE IT. Okay, there could be hotter men since the hot girls and dancers were definitely outshining the males, and there could be more places to sit, but the music! The ambiance! THE HOT DANCERS AND BARTENDERS. This place is AMAZING and I love the fact that they have House music--Cosmic Gate woooo! I had a blast and everything was just wonderful! Glitz and glamour were all there, and the entrance was an elevator with this awesome employee who was hyping everyone up! Definitely coming again!!
2	Stairs are a joke: Walking the stairs is fine.  Walking behind some slow moving drunk girls is not.  Especially when the hallway is so narrow and they look like they're learning to walk in heels for the first time.  It seemed like all the smart girls brought extra flip flops with them in their purses.Crowd is a joke: It's only been open for 6 months, but it already looks like AZN night at a club in Hollywood (see Saturdays at Exchange LA).  The crowd is NOT good looking.  I'm not the handsomest devil myself, but when you're in Vegas and you put a little effort into how you look, you can get a pass.  Half the people looked like they weren't even trying. Music and venue were pretty awesome, but let's face it.  When you're in Vegas, you're looking for a good vibing good looking crowd, which was lacking at Marquee (though it certainly wasn't when it first opened). 1 star for the outdoor/pool patio.  Reminds me of Pure before it went to s**t.The architects did a great job in terms of keeping people inside and not going back to their rooms to restock on alcohol and other things, because this place is impossible to get in and out of.  Second shining star: Experienced a friendly staff (bouncers/doormen) for the first time at a Vegas club when not buying a table.  I'd go again only if my friends were dying to check it out, but never on my own accord.
4	The hottest new night club in Vegas. Seems to be going strong and building momentum. This place is expensive, like EXPENSIVE. It makes being a guy in vegas extremely tough. Because if you're broke, you should probably turn back even before you get into their outrageous line because GA is $50. Bottle service is great, beautiful model-type waitresses pouring your drinks...Great, until you see the bill anyway =P. Which can range from a mortgage payment to a small down payment on a nice exotic car.
2	I really want to rate this bar better but there were just so many disappointments with our visit. I bought tickets for our group of 4 ladies to go and see Benny Benassi in May. My sister and I have wanted to see him for years and finally, there he was, in Vegas. And hello 'female presale' that meant tickets to get in and for the show were only $20.We showed up and the lineup system is a mess. Large groups of people are everywhere on the casino floor and it looked like it was going to take us a year to get in. We spoke with a bouncer and said we already had tickets and he directed us up the next set of escalators to the main doors. Without asking, there would have been no instructions on where to go. Organize!Up we went and joined a tiny lineup around the pool area. The dayclub area is beautiful and we loved the pool and the setup and the view! So nice! Though there were groups of people lying on the daybeds, napping, which probably should have clued us in that we were in for a long night. We waited in line for about 20 minutes before someone came by and asked if we already had tickets. Again, it was a yes and we were put in a line where we were at the front. In we went!The outdoor bar area is huge and is full of couches and benches to hang out on. There are outdoor bars but the entire area was packed. And a double highball cost me $24. Shudder. So we moved inside and again, there was no where for us to go. Any time we stood still, a bouncer was immediately on us, telling us we couldn't stand there. The dance floor was too packed and when you went on it, you couldn't move. 1:30am rolled around and still no Benny. Just a DJ who was spinning trance shit. Exhausted from being pushed around on the dance floor and by bouncers, we left. So while the bar was beautiful, we didn't get to see the main act and they really need to work on limiting how many people are allowed entry. I understand it's Vegas, but come on.
4	Definitely one of the more crowded spots we visited during the weekend, but they have the space to accommodate it!There were different levels/rooms playing different types of music as well as an outdoor area.  We mostly stuck with the hip hop room - but it soon became uncomfortably crowded so we ended up chilling in the outside area by the end of the night.Overall good music with plenty going on so there was something for everyone.
4	This club is ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS. Downside: the huge crowds of people trying to get inAdvice: get there early or pay for a table or go with only a group of hot girls so you can get in for free/ join a table (:I can't believe how large this club is. There's a beautiful outdoor area with a pool... with MERMAIDS swimming in it.  There are tables with bottle service inside and outside.  It's so nice to have an outdoor area to hang out when it gets too stuffy and warm inside. All I really wanted to say about Marquee is that it's the most beautiful club I have ever been to... and it's definitely worth checking out when you're in Vegas.
4	This club is pretty cool . It opened not too long ago ... like half a year ago . There's house music on the bottom floor and hip hop on the top . There's an outside patio with heaters and a small little pool . The bathrooms are super nice and luxurious . The bathrooms carry perfume , deodorant , hairspray , etc. for your use which is very convenient . There is a jar for you to leave a tip if you want . They also sell perfumes which is cool if you don't want to use the cheap perfumes there .
5	My first time here was on a Party Rock Monday with LMFAO performing & I only had to stand in line for about 10 minutes with my group of girls since we had a table & bottle service by the pool. Check in is around 10:30 & the club isn't so crowded until around midnight when LMFAO performs. If you arrive or leave anytime past midnight, it gets CROWDED on the main dance floor but the other levels aren't so busy. The bar is constanly busy throughout the night as the same with most nightclub bars & it costs around $15 for a drink. It's a workout going up & down the stairs to those levels also but this club is huge & it's no wonder it's one of the most hottest nightclubs in Vegas.
4	Despite the 1 1/2 hour wait and the fact that the Jukebox DJ never played the song I requested... I had a blast at Marquee!This club is still pretty new so of course the line stretches 100+ feet long but if you can get in for free, or for cheap DEFINITELY go.  My group had a hookup with free admission tickets before midnight (just for girls) and boys paid $50. The time in line flew by - for me at least - and got in by the hair at 1 minute past the hour. My friends that handed in their tickets 3 minutes later were denied free access, had to pay general admission and ended up leaving.This venue is very swanky and has lots of space to move around on the main floor, which has high ceilings so I didn't feel as claustrophobic as I did downstairs at the hip-hop room. Top floor is typical Vegas music, mostly house, very danceable and fist pump-able. Downstairs has great hip hop djs that played a great mix of old school and mainstream music. Both outdoor areas had speakers and places to lounge.Drinks were pricey but STRONG, I paid $45 for two specialty drinks and a well drink, but it's Vegas so not surprising. The bartender at the lower level was very sweet and attentive.Bottom line: is it worth the $50? Since I didn't pay, I'm biased but this place was tons of fun, stayed open until after 4am & the cab line wasn't too long so I'd definitely try to frequent Marquee whenever I'm in Vegas.
2	It kind of pains me to rate a Vegas club 2 stars and I'm being a little generous here.  I did not have a good time at all.  Not because of the crowd, not because of the music or the ambiance or the price of the drinks.  All of that is negligible with enough pre-game liquor.  But no, to me, this place sucked all because of the STAIRS.Yes, the STAIRS.First of all, to even get to the club, you have to go up maybe 4 flights of escalators to make it to the club entrance.  Alright, no big deal.Then, you'll have to wait in line.  If you're on the ladies' guestlist, it's maybe a 10-15 minute wait.  No problem.  Finally get your ID checked and your wrist stamped, and then you're led into this stark white corridor featuring what looks like a torturous flight to heaven.  Yes, stairs, stairs, and stairs.  And more stairs.  These are fire escape stairs too, so imagine the clack, clack, clack.  After the FOURTH flight, I started to get a little belligerent in my 5" heels.  But we finally got there.First floor.  Hip hop.  Douchey, sweaty people.MORE STAIRSSecond floor.  House music. The elevators were blocked off by a burly man who wouldn't let anyone use it.  I'm surprised I didn't kick him in the nuts.  Oh yeah.  It's probably because my feet were aching from the treacherous hike in 5" heels.  Outdoor pool area was pretty cool.  Okay, it was pretty breathtaking.  But, still:MORE STAIRSThird floor.  Harry Potter-type library setting where the cocktail waitresses dressed like slutty library nerds.  It was quite awesome if you ask me.  This was worth upping this review by 1 star.Time to exit the club.  Guess what?  MORE STAIRS (?!)We had to climb UP more stairs only to go DOWN the stairs to the exit.  Was I being punked here?!I realize that maybe the stair scenario isn't the case every night.  But as a lady who's used to being treated like royalty in this city - never again (okay, unless we can actually use the elevators). I did not go to Vegas to ride a Stairmaster...
5	As I mentioned in my review for the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, this pool is "Off the fucking hook"!  Total party pool so don't bring a book and expect to relax.  Wanna relax?  Go with the other lame-o's to the Boulevard or Bamboo pools.The drinks and food are expensive, but what else would you expect at a Vegas pool?  I had the Lobster Club sandwich with fries.  Quite possibly the best club sandwich I ever had.  Hey, you replace the turkey and ham with lobster and some spicy sauce and how could it not be the best?PS- The Boulevard and Bamboo pools are actually very cool and not full of "lame-o's", just a different, more chill scene than the Marquee.
5	We went here last Saturday for the 1st time and this wont be the last. We arrived to the 2nd floor entrance at about 0030. And boy, it was crowded. The line was long and there was a bunch of people just standing around either waiting for others or just roaming around. We bought tickets ahead of time and we were getting frustrated just looking at the crowds of people. We asked one of the bouncers and he said we can just straight to the 4th floor entrance. Sure, lets see where this brings us. We showed our tickets and went straight up the escalator to the beautiful pool area. We could hear the music and were getting excited. The pool area was relaxing. There were a bunch of empty lounge chairs. We got close to the music and entered the hiphop room. omg!! This place was crowded. We couldn't even move. We went straight to the bar. For about 6 drinks, I paid $72. We had to get out because of the crowd and ended up in house or techno room. This was less crowded but this wasn't our type of music. We went back to the hiphop room and pushed our way to the dance floor. We just wriggled on the dance floor. lol We ended up at the cabanas area. Yes, still crowded but not that bad. At least, we had a place to sit. Yes, even though it was crowded, I will come back. If you are tired the hiphop room, go to the hiphop. If you are hot, go outside and stay with the crowd and just dance. or walk around some more and find the less crowded pool area.
4	Ridiculous line but girls got in for free and line moved rather faster than it seemed on a busy saturday night in June. Just as the story goes in Vegas, guys had to pay a wholesome price of $45 at the door but I had a slight feeling that they didn't mind the price too much once they were in the pool of hot girls dancing around them on a dance floor. The dance floor was rather small but the club was pretty big with 2 bars indoor and 2 bars outdoor. The outdoor area was actually a poolside and even had blackjack tables even though I didn't see anyone playing cards. Every once in awhile, and as bizarre as it was, the guard carried out two ladies in mermaid outfits on a oversize cart like the ones you see at the CostCo then picked them up and dropped them into the pool so they could swim around in a pool that was by 11pm filled with cocktail straws, cigarette butts, and some unidentifiable trashes floating here and there. It was entertaining alright but rather in a more shocking sympathetic way. Overall, it is a great venue to drop in on your weekend trip to Vegas if you are into clubbing but don't want to get smothered in a crowd of Tao. It was super windy outside when I went which I heard is often like that but It is worth an escape of Tao crowd for me so I think I will stick around going to Marquee for now.
4	I went to Vegas this weekend for my niece's 21st birthday and it turns out that it was also the EDC event and the Britney Spears concert (eh). So it was pretty crowded and crazy over the weekend. My cousins and I had plan this trip for months and made sure we had to be in the guest list otherwise we would be screwed and had to wait in line for about 2 hours or more. We had about 25+ people in our party and none of us had to pay and we probably waited in line for 20 minutes. Luckily, my cousin Jay got us a good hook up. As for the ratio goes, we had to have an equal number of girls and guys to get into the VIP guest list and we all had to be there at 930 in line otherwise if we were missing some people we had to walk back to to the very end  of the line and start all over!. Since we had a pretty big group we decided not to get tables because they we're offering to give us a table and bottles but every person has to pay at least $130...ummmm how about no?! I don't think paying $130 is worth going to ANY club...for what, just to dance for a few hours ? haha  i mean, personally i don't think spending that much money is worth getting in. If you want to drink and get chocolate wasted just pregame it before headed out to the clubs otherwise drinks at this place is $14! What is pretty cool about this place, there are 3 floors..The main room is humongous which has an outside patio. Very big, there is a pool and gambling tables on the sides. The only downfall about this floor is they play techno music all night long!! So if you like that kind of music and know how to fist pump then this is where you want to be at! Otherwise, you can check out the second floor where they play hip hop music. (which sort of sounds like techno too...but a remix version?) Now this floor is a lot smaller than the first one. The dance floor was a big disappointment. There was no way you can shake your ass or at least do the two step. It was too crowded, i had to shove some people to get out of my way, but hey! you got to do what you got to do! haha We didn't get the chance to get out the 3rd floor, but one of the security guys told me it was just a lounge, a place to just chill and relax nothing too fancy.Overall, it was pretty cool, just wish they play better music. So, plan ahead. Get on a guest-list asap and drink before going there...UNLESS you go to the tables and gamble. Order your drinks from waitresses and all you got to do is tip them.. WORTH IT then paying $14.. That's how i got mess up and didn't spend too much.. oooh yeah!
5	Review is for bottle service @ Marquee Nightclub.Spent a weekend in Vegas and our group made it a point to go to Marquee on Saturday night before we left.  We went at night and ended up going all out and doing bottle service.  Bottle service at this night club made XS look like garbage to say the least.  They even had Russian Jewel available which made Grey Goose taste like Smirnoff and my understanding was, at least in California, that it is no longer imported so that's a big plus.  The hostesses there are all gorgeous and friendly as well.  Our hostess was Natalie and she was amazing.  Always attentive to our needs and was there to sit down and chat with us and make sure our group had the best time possible.  Usually I had the idea that everyone working in Vegas would do anything to make a buck but here it really isn't true, at least not with Natalie.  What happened was I ended up drinking a bit more than i should have and opted to get another bottle for the table.  When the check came for it I hadn't realized that tip was already added so I added it myself.  The hostess however didn't even try to take advantage and made it a point to let me know that I didn't need to tip extra but in the end I did so anyway because the service was great, she earned, and I really appreciated it a lot.  Heck even if I wasn't trashed I would have thrown in that extra tip.  Moral of the story.Marquee is where you want to go when you hit Vegas and if you opt for bottle service definitely request Natalie, I guarantee you the best experience possible!
4	It was extremely crowded when I went (EDC weekend). Hard to dance when there isn't any space at all.   Did the presale tickets so we didn't have to wait in line too long.
4	Didn't live up to the hype, but still pretty cool.We were a bottle service add on and still had to wait over an hour. Bouncers tried to hustle us for $600 to get 5 guys to the front of the line. Some losers paid that much only to move 10 feet to another line. Inside can get over crowded and really hot during the summer. The outdoor pool area felt nicer, but the pool itself looked really plain and boring (it's a rectangle).The music was off the hook! Electro House all night. But they need to fire the MC, he was friggen' annoying.Typical Vegas drinks: expensive and strong.
5	Came on a Saturday and Monday night, both nights did not disappoint. Very upscale with a few different areas to hang out. Main indoor "red room" dance floor can get pretty crowded. Outdoor area is great to hang back and mingle/dance. If you want something low key, you can head up to the "library" lounge or play pool. You can also head down to the R&B lounge area. There are stairs, which may be a killer for you ladies in heels and an elevator for easy access. My group got in for free, but I would definitely pay to get in any night! A must visit if you're looking to check out some new nightlife in Vegas.
4	Came here on New Year's day January 2011. The line wrapped around the hotel and we weren't going to wait in line for three hours.'Money talks' in Vegas and we were able to skip the line and were in the club within ten minutes.It's true, there are a lot of stairs, but it made up for my missed cardio session that day. Security inside was personable and not hostile dicks.Will be back this Saturday July 2nd and hopefully our experience will be as good as the first.
4	Came here for a friends birthday a few weekends ago and I was impressed by how the place looked.  First of all The Cosmopolitan just has that fancy, contemporary, new money type of look and feel to the place.  A crapload of chandeleirs throughout the place.  The way to Marquee is a crazy maze and makes you feel like you are in M.C. Escher's paintings with all those stairs that go nowhere.  Luckily I was with competent people that have been there before that lead us in the right direction.  Once we got to Marquee the view of the buildings on The Strip were pretty amazing.  You've got the pool that comes right up to the lounge chairs to the right and then all the bright lights, signs and buildings surrounding you.  There are a few dance floors inside and there is another area outside that has almost jacuzzi like pools with tables.  So if you're feeling stuffy and just want to get out off the dance floor you've got options here.  bars are abundant in this place so you don't have to trek far to get your next drink.  There's even some blackjack tables that are available for those that didn't get there fix downstairs for $25/$50 a hand.Overall:-Pros:  Great view and casino, plenty of bars for drinks-Cons:  Stairs, Stairs and more Stairs
4	This club is so nice! We went in with bottle service and originally planned to spend around $1500 but the bouncer told us they were didn't have any more tables outside so the inside table was going to be $3500. The price changed sucked but we agreed since it's Vegas and might as well go all out.  The table space inside is small and I like the outside ones better because there's more room. Security here is way nicer than at other clubs. Overall, the environment was nice and great music.. I had a great time!
4	OMG I love this place!Came here this weekend for the Avicii pool party on Sunday. Amazing! Amazing! Amazing! It was an awesome day party. Very intimate space to dance to your favorite dj!The line didn't seem very long but the guy working tried to discourage people by saying it would take an hour getting in. What a dick. He must have been sick of dealing with people for the day. Anyway, we got in less than 15 minutes. It was relatively cheap entrance for a pool party during a busy weekend. Girls, be careful in heels. Floor is extremely slippery even when not wet. I wear heels all the time but almost slipped because the finishing on the floor. I swear I wasn't drunk (not yet, anyway). The pool itself is pretty small and murky. There were pieces of mint everywhere. I'm guessing from mojitos spilled in the pool. There were plastic cups on the bottom of the pool floor too. Anyway, the music was great. The crowd was rowdy and fun. Everyone in the pool was splashing water when the music was going crazy. There were these little platforms in the pool that you could dance on. Made it look like you were dancing on the water. So awesome!Drinks are normal Vegas prices which means expensive. So bring your plastic or lots of cash. They have pitcher drinks available for 50. Not bad eh?Cedric Gervais came out after Avicii. Again, awesome!Marquee Dayclub is just as awesome as the night club except you don't have to go up and down a bunch of stairs!
5	in case you were born in the 40's and didn't know, Marquee is the newest, baddest, thickest girl in town!this review is purely for Marquee Dayclub as I haven't heard too great of things about the Nightclub. situated within city center's COSMOPOLITAN, Marquee is one of the newest additions to the las vegas party scene.COVER:I had received a VIP admission ticket so I paid NADA! but others had met up with promoters to receive reduced admission tickets which made it $25? the line moved fairly quickly and we decided to pair up and make it 1:1 since we were next to some hotties and wanted to play it safe (while in line, the bouncer didn't let anyone wear wifebeaters in the lobby area.. ridiculous, i had a sunscreen, a wifebeater, and board shorts on because its a POOL PARTY? WTF!)CROWD:hands down some of the finest women I have ever laid eyes on in the city of SIN! though inside it didn't look 1:1, maybeDRINKS:I have no idea how they did it but home girls of mine kept going to the bathroom and returning with COMPLIMENTARY DRINK TICKETS ..pairs at a time and good for shots of patron, top shelf mixed drinks, and any other concoction my inflamed liver was craving that day...  a handful of STRONG ASS DRINKS later, I was slizzard and ready to let avicii do work on my ears!MUSIC:AVICII was spinning that day and he doesn't fool around. in case you didn't know, pretty much all clubs in LAS VEGAS spin HOUSE so get used to getting messed up and dancing like a goon!AMBIANCE:the club was packed silly.. plenty of cabanas, beach chairs, inside cooling areas, and a ton of pool space though.. I like the layout and didn't drop a dime so i'll definitely be back to REPEAT!overall you really can't go wrong anywhere inside city center. marquee, the mandarin, aria, cosmopolitan, etc.. its all brand spanking new and cracken 24/7!whatever's clever my friend, dear marquee, you will definitely be seeing me VERY SOOOON my good friend
5	Okay, guestline/regular line is a pain. There's people in line even at 3:00 am. This place is the hottest club. Three floor, hip hop room, lounge w/ pool table, and main dance floor that's connected to the outside pool area. The crowd used to be full of prettier people when it first open, now it's a mixed. For girls, there are ways to get in for free. Do know that if you get there at 10 pm, you can expect to be in line for 2 hr and 1+ hr waiting in front because the way they make money is making you either pay extra to get in since you're at the front or leave. You'll still have an awesome time at this place. Daypool - It is fun. They've got the music and again, being a girl is awesome. Good looking crowd. Pretty happening place.
5	This is probably THE biggest and "you NEED to come here" club in Vegas as of June 2011.  They usually host a lot of the world's best DJ's - Kaskade, ATB, Laidback Luke, Armin van Buuren, etc.  We saw ATB here and it was TOTALLY worth the $50/girl and $100/guy admission :)  I'm kind of sad I didn't see Laidback Luke that same night.. ATB started at 1:30 and he was still going at 4am!  I was getting way too tired.. I know... weak sauce!!  :(  FYI, ****THIS IS PRIMARILY A HOUSE/ELECTRO CLUB*****They have a hip hop floor too, but that's old news.  Electro is the future!  Three floors of awesome music and beautiful decor.  I'm definitely a fan!  The floors are big but small enough that you can get up close and personal with the DJs.  I was right in the front when ATB played and I yelled out "MIAMI ULTRA!!!!!!!!!" and he pointed at me and said "YEAH!!!!! ULTRA!!!!!!"  Yes, that made me VERY happy :) However, I must comment, the stairs are a HUGE flub!  You have to climb 1000000000+ (ok I'm exaggerating.. but it's a LOT) steps to get to the club.. and for all the ladies out there, you know how much your feet hurt after a long night of dancing.   Also, come early!  Admission is usually expensive anyway, so just avoid the long lines (I've heard some people waited for 2+ hrs).  I think they're opened until the wee hours of the morning.. so you can still get in at 2 or 3am.
4	I love love loved my time here last weekend at Marquee. I can say that it definitely made up for the first time that I came here.. The first time wasn't so successful.. but this time I had a lot of fun!The lines are ALWAYS super long so be prepared.. remember... money buys you things... lolGot in around 1130-12, this was extremely late for us, we usually never go to clubs this late in Vegas but we were lagging as usual.Drinks are very expensive, bottle service is even worse.. but it is definitely a great time here.Good music, good company and GOOD TIMES.
5	Um, this place is simply breathtaking, and enormous. There's nothing like this on the east coast, not even close. As one friend put it, when you're out on the terrace under the breezy canopies and lounge areas, you'll feel like you're in St. Tropez, not Vegas. The view from this place is also unbelievable.I think my girls and I came here on the most perfect day (weather wise). The breeze was so incredibly dreamy and calming. Our group was asked to come inside and sit at one of the tables, and everything was comped - including all drinks. Staff will single you out for sure, so come dressed to impress. Don't you just love that about Vegas? ;DAlthough we came during Memorial Day weekend, we had no problems getting in due to the fact that we had pre-sale tickets, and also because we went early (REALLY early). This place gets insane later in the night, so definitely come early - especially if you're rocking those 5 inch heels. You're feet will thank you later on, speaking of which - they sell flip flops in the bathroom which we all got, and they ended up completely saving us later in the night when our feet were dying. I don't even recall how much I paid for those cheap flippes, but it was the best money spent all weekend!If you're in Vegas, Marquee is a must...before it goes out of style that is. ;)
5	Stopped in at Marquee each time I've been in Vegas now. Located on the 2nd floor of the glitzy Cosmopolitan, through the center of the crystal chandelier, this club is just beautiful and classy!There is always a long line for Marquee (even on a Monday night!), so lucky for us there were early-purchase tickets online ($10 for girls, $20 for guys) that helped us skip the line. Look around and work your magic to get into Marquee.Three dance floors! Main Room playing electric/house, Library upstairs playing old school hip-hip/R&B, and the "Boom Box" across the way from the bar. Marquee is nice and roomy, bouncers make sure to never let any floor get too crowded... so that you and everyone else can actually enjoy themselves and dance! If things do get too hot, there's also a great patio outside with plenty of seating, an additional bar, more bathrooms, and a great view of the strip. Drinks are about $13-$14, average for Vegas... but the bartenders are super nice and attentive! Bathroom is clean and stocked with tons of goodies! Security, management, and escorts are very nice and respectful. Unlike a few other older clubs, Marquee definitely knows whats up!
4	Absolutely gorgeous club! My friends and I came on a Monday night, with complimentary admission and open bar for ladies from 10-11 pm. That's right, my night was completely free!Since we had to show up fairly early, the club was fairly empty when we got there except for an army of girls, but it filled up very quickly. As it was early, my friends and I got to sit at one of the outside booths which are normally reserved for bottle service. When it was time to leave, a staff member kindly asked us to give up our seats. I appreciated the fact that he didn't kick us out of the booth rudely as I'm sure they would do in Vancouver.Drinks were crazy strong: we only needed one or two to give us a nice healthy buzz that lasted the whole night. And Patron in my Long Island Iced Tea?? For FREE?? Why, yes please!!The main room and outside patio/pool area played house/electro/dance all night, which my friends and I aren't too crazy about, but the beats were good enough to dance to. Upstairs was old school/modern hip hop but no room for dancing, just bottle service. We unfortunately missed the 3rd room, but that gives us a reason to come back one day.The restroom was awesome. A powder room with a few seats, mirrors, and a small beauty shop complete with perfume, hairspray and accessories, flip flops for sale, smokes, you name it, they got it. Then the main bathroom area itself, with lots of lighted mirrors, couches, and plenty of CLEAN stalls. Great washroom attendants too.It would've been a five star night had they played better music. I wish all clubs were as awesome as Marquee.
3	Now I would give Marquee 5 stars but considering the fact that its huge as F*** and i either i got pickpocketed OR i lost my stuff thanks to DJ chuckie it gets 3 stars lol....having said that let me start my review heheheThis place has 3 rooms and they all get crowded so unless you have a BS then you almost outta luck lol....you just need to get drunk and party!!!! Main room is for EDM headsBoom Box is for Hiphiop headsLibrary is for anybody reallyThey sell flipslops in the bathroom for girls for $10 even though its not a good look its better than being barefoot ;)i went Friday for Chuckie and Gia Lee helped us get in free (by 9:30pm)i went Saturday for Roger Sanchez and my JC friend had Bottle Servicesame crowd really, would i go back? maybe but only if one of my fav EDM djs was there again its alot of other places i havent gone yet
5	Went to the daytime pool party on Saturday and got a cabana. Ended up going that night to the club. I didn't even know there was a lower pool until walking by it at night. LolSpent a lot but had a great time.
5	Love the Marquee!!!! Not only is it the nicest night club i've been to but It is so spacious and all the staff there were so courteous and helpful. (believe me, It means allot when your in 3 inch heels trying to go down two or three flights of stairs) Party Rok Mondays are the best!!!!
5	Okay, I got drunk really early and don't remember most of it but this is from my friends experience. LOL.They play really good music. The place gets packed and hot inside. They said it was actually less hot being outside! The drinks are expensive but that's like every club in Vegas. Compared to other clubs in Vegas, they would say this is in the top 3. Too bad you can't go into the pool here like XSIf you have a room key, you can get in for free up to 2 people. So when you are at the front desk, ask for extras. LOL! Also, you get to skip the line if you have a room key.Note: when leaving the club you will have to walk down a LONG flight of stairs to leave...
5	What can I say about Marquee? I had some doubts about my Vegas club experiences (limited to 4 others) but this one proved me wrong. An amazing friend got us on the guest list with free passes and drink wristbands for a couple hours. Like most of the hot clubs it's better to get to Marquee early. I will say that as a couple of white girls we were definitely the minority. But that made no difference, One floor was old school rap/hip hop (my favorite), another floor was packed with house music connecting with the pool deck, and the last floor (the library) is a great place to grab a drink, chill and play pool. We didn't stay that long since we were meeting up with people. But then later I went back, skipped the lines (don't know how much that cost) and danced the night away with my date until 4 a.m. Almost missed my flight but it would have been worth it.Read more Las Vegas and Los Angeles Reviews on my blog- http://rescuelashelters.wordpress.com/2011/07/06/the-best-of-the-las-vegas-strip/
2	The place is cool on the inside, the outdoor area is by far my favorite part of the place. But oh, the customer service is awful. It seems like every person that works there hates you, and doesn't care if you're there or not. If I was a tourist, I wouldn't care because I would think that's normal, and I would stupidly spend my money here.  But I'm not a tourist, and when I want to go out, I want to have fun, and not be treated horribly. So, I will go other places, and I won't take my friends from out of town there.
5	A highly impressive world-class nightclub that opens up to an outdoor poolside of luxury cabanas and lounge areas, located in the Cosmo Hotel, Vegas. "The party," the ambience, the music, the service ... the full experience is designed to perfection. For those that appreciate a good nightlife scene or have experienced some of the best in the world, Marquee is a MUST-EXPERIENCE.For July Long, we went 3 times in two days: the beach party with Fat Boy Slim, a private party and the July 4th celebration.  Every experience felt so surreal - like you're in one of those music videos with rappers and beautiful people drinking Patron and Crystale and endless bottles being poured. Lol, a true Vegas experience!It's easily one of the most stunning, opulent, well-serviced and vibrant clubs I've ever experienced. Definitely makes my Top Favourite List - Up there with XS @ Wynn in Vegas, LIV @ Fountain Bleu in Miami, Amnesia in Ibiza, Opium in Barce. Coodles to the architects/designers and masterminds behind Marquee for their brilliant nightclub layout and ergonomic design that allows for such a dramatic transformation from dayclub to night; as well, the staff training (every staff person was ridiculously attentive and ON at all times) and operations management. I'm still in awe how brilliantly crafted all my experiences were - will make an effort to go, every Vegas trip here on out!- $$$, yes it is, but it's completely worth it!- Pretentious? Oh you bet! But I figure it's best to embrace it when in Vegas. Money talks, obs.- Table service starts at $3000 in the day (for July Long). At night, there is no seating available if you don't have a table. Book ahead!- Drinks start at $14
4	Bad-ass motha lovin club! Best in Vegas. Maybe cuz I love the music (trance/house) so much and it's played in the multitude of rooms. I'm a dude and I got in free! How? We grabbed a bunch of girls that were in general admission line and pretended they were with us. The more ladies the merrier! Drinks are super expensive. $28 for 2 Jameson and Ginger Ale's? Aye Chihuahua! Get your pre drank on before coming up to Marquee. Dress NICE damnit! They let in some dude wearing a flannel. Really? Kinda hard to figure out who works here sometimes so much in fact that I myself who dressed all fly that night was posted up by the elevators and people came up to me thinking I worked here. And did I pretend to be a Marquee employee for the night? Yes...yes I did. Directing the drunk traffic and all the annoying stuff security does.Bottom line, a bunch of good looking people in a good looking club having a good time. But seriously, you want to get in? Do this:1. Bring a higher girl to guy ratio. I'm not talking 1:1. I'm talking about 3:1 or at least 2:1. 2. Find a hook-up for guest list.3. DRESS NICE DAMNIT.4. Get there early.Enjoy ya'll!
4	Located at the new Cosmopolitan Hotel, I went to both the Marquee Dayclub and Nightclub -- and they were both awesome.Dayclub:I love pool parties and I've been to the different ones like Encore Beach Club, Tao Beach, Rehab, and Wet Republic, but Marquee Dayclub definitely tops them all.  I love, love, LOVE house/trance music and that's all they played.  Drinks were delicious, especially the frozen drinks. (I highly recommend the "painkiller")  The cocktail servers were attentive.  The pool was smaller than some of the other pool parties, but they had beach balls and everybody was playing water volleyball with each other.Nightclub:It's definitely A LOT bigger than it looks.  The interior design is classy and posh.  Drinks were pricey, but it IS Vegas... the music was good on every different floor.  They even had a "library" where there were chairs and pool tables.  I prefer XS over Marquee for nightclubs, but Marquee is definitely up to par.I would definitely recommend stopping by Marquee if anybody plans to go to any pool parties or nightclubs in Vegas!
4	Nightclub review:  Love the music, love the multiple rooms, and love the people that go there to have a good time.  Staff is friendly and helpful and there to make sure you have a good time.  The place is visual overload and Grand Central Station for over-stimulation (feel free to use that in your marketing collateral).  Nice work, Marquee, you'll have us back very soon.
4	With so many over-the-top luxurious nightclubs in Vegas, party-goers are a tough crowd to please whenever a new hotel/club opens.  Lucky for the Cosmopolitan, they launched truly engaging advertising campaigns to lure visitors to experience "Just the right amount of wrong."Glitz and glam in seductive city nightlife is how I would translate the Cosmopolitan and their most talked about attraction: Marquee.  For my best friend's birthday, we came here to see Kaskade.  As expected, it was packed with die-hard house/Kaskade fans.For whatever evil reason, Marquee likes to make their guests walk up what seemed like 10 flights of stairs just to get inside.  The wait wasn't bad for the girls, but we were heaving from climbing up with our high heels. Like most Vegas clubs, there's a central location where the pool and main bars are located.  It was gorgeous.  We hung out here most of the night so that we can actually get a few breaths of fresh air.  My biggest annoyance was with this one incompetent bartender.  She was drunk, slow, dumb as a rock, and constantly asking her colleagues how to mix certain drinks.  Seriously?  It's Vegas on a busy Saturday night and you don't know how to make a simple drink?  It took 30 minutes to get a couple of shots.Anyway - with a big group, it was inevitable that we would all get separated (especially with so many layers/floors at Marquee).  The stuffy downstairs area had the hip/hop room, and the main upstairs room was where the DJ was.Let me tell you why Marquee is a money-hungry genius.  They set up this "layered venue" so that the girls would have to constantly run up and down stairs, get their feet swollen from their uncomfortable heels, and be forced to buy fugly, cheap $10 Old Navy flip flops in the bathroom.  The ones I bought were bright pink with polka dots.As you can see - there were A LOT of negatives.  It's Vegas though.  In comparison to the other well-liked clubs like XS and Tao (which I'm not a fan of), it's actually not too bad.
5	Been here three times already and this shit cracked crazy every time!!!!
5	This follow up is strictly for the Dayclub-We scheduled to visit Marquee Dayclub midtrip during our EDC invasion. The night before we had a cabana at Surrender, and brought a bunch of girls back to have a suite pillow fight party which lasted until the sun came up. Needless to say I slept in a bit.  I had a cabana here, but since we couldn't get there till 1'ish we got the next best thing which was a daybed next to the stage. I must say, it all turned out for the better! We get to the Cosmo at about 12:30'ish, park and get ourselves up to the dayclub line. I walk up and let them know I have reservations through Robert Montero. Quickly they found me and were ready to let us in. One of the other bouncers walks up to us and tell us that the dayclub dress code is fairly strict and wife beaters are not allowed. 2 people from our crew were rocking the wifebeaters, so we asked.. "Can we just go in shirtless then?" He was OK with that. So we took off our wifebeaters infront of the huge line and my buddy was like, "The girls need a little something to look at after waiting all this time.. " lmfao. We take the elevator up to the dayclub, and line up at the check in line. I don't see Robert around since he is busy seating someone, but I do see Derrick who was at the podium. He recognized me and had someone walk me to the supreme location daybed. Before I left, I slipped him a good little friendly gesture into the palm of his hand since he has always taken care of me at the nightclub end. As we are walking through the pool, the house music is banging. Its the right kind of house music too. They didn't play your generic standard stuff. They were getting into some great electro mixes. Mr. Becks was the DJ that day and there were quite a few EDC people in town. He did his job as far as catering to them. Before I even got a chance to get seated, Alina (a girl I met at Tao Beach the day before) comes running up to me. Apparently they didnt have a place to put their stuff, so I hooked it up with the real estate. The perk with Alina is apparently she knows all of Canadia. She brought her entourage of like 8 other Canadian girls as well. Yeay.. 4 guys, 9 girls. We are in business. I quickly ordered a pitcher and we got settled in. As the alcohol hit us, the music was just too good to not shuffle to. Me and Mike B break into a shuffle while Sebastian goes out and recruits even more talent. The waitress was super friendly. Her name is Tracy Morrow and kindly asked that I send some ppl her way for guestlist. Look her up on FB, shes smoking. As the day went a long, we were taking pics and getting sloppy. Girls getting nip slips and hands were going on each others asses. Just the exact party we were looking for. Things I should point out about Marquee is that the venue is new and modern. The view out of the cabana overlooks the center strip couldn't be any better. Also there are no other clubs/dayclubs out there that specifically have props, staff and regular DJ talent that is catered to house music. Thats why this place just became one of my favorite dayclubs that I will have to include on my schedule for years to come. I will upload pics as supporting evidence as well. Also here is a link that will give you a good feel of the vibe with Avicii there: (http://www.be-at.tv/brands/marquee/avicii-and-dirty-south/avicii.go?0)Shoutouts: Robert Montero, home grown JackColton.com host. Go to him if you need anything for the dayclub. Derrick Runtas clutch as always at the lines.
5	Nightclub review only.Where do I begin??!!?!The Good:-The club is flipping amazing.  There are three levels, each with their own vibe.  My absolute favorite was the main floor, with the electro/trance music bumpin' all night long.  Love it.-Beautiful venue.-Sexy, classy clientele dressed to the nines.-AWESOME vibe-World-renowned resident DJs who know how to work the crowd.  Love it.-The venue is ginormous.  It is an adventure navigating through this joint.  Fun times. The So-So:-Drinks are expensive, as usual.-The dance floors will be packed.  Period. -$7 bottled water.  No bueno. The Bad:-Never-ending stairs.  I have seen inebriated girls stumble down them.  So take note of this: wear flats. I would definitely come back again.  I had a GREAT time, despite the fact that I was completely SOBER the entire night, that showed how well the DJ got me all worked up. I applaud you.
5	NIGHTCLUB: Marquee is a very unique club, like none other.  Everything about it is wonderous.  Large club leading outside to the pool with a huge bar and the BJ tables.  I dig the tall LED display screens the most. I think the visuals are sick as the DJ spins his deck on a rised stage. The main dance floor reaches capacity so there is crowd control by security.  I received free drinks comp`d for ladies, free from glist. This is nice!! Free certain drinks until 11pm. I pounded it for 30 mins off redbull & kettel. That lasted me the entire night/morning 5am =)The only odd layout of this club is the entrance.  There are several entrances.  The back entrance is VIP/GL? and leads to staircases. It's just really tacky.  Other than that, the club is superb.  I forgot to mention there are different floors of music. I no longer care to dance to hip-hop.  EDM is taking over so they reserve the main room for it =) You ALL MUST party here
4	Personally I still think XS or Surrender have the nicest looking setups, but as far as overall experience, I give Marquee a solid 4.5 stars. The club has multiple levels, but a huge plus is the room that plays hip hop. I'm a fan of techno/house and whatnot, but this feature is very nice to have to convince my buddies to go here. Given that I went with a group of people (mostly guys) on my birthday, we were better off buying bottle service, which to me ended up being worth it so we didn't have to wait super long to get in. Especially if it were all guys, there was no way we were gonna bet let in for awhile. This place is as packed as any other crackin' nightclub, but it kinda reminds me of Tao in the sense that it took forever to get around. I wanted to spend more time in the house room, especially since ATB was spinning that night and the crowd was super into it. The hip hop room is actually kinda small, and I expected the pool area to be a bit wider/more elaborate. Still nice though. The bottle service waitresses were very friendly and attentive. One of the ladies wished me a happy birthday, blew air into my ear, and poured a shot of crown royale into my mouth. yep, friendly and attentive indeed. Overall, its worth a try to come here at least once. There's different rooms that provide music that mostly anyone can tolerate or enjoy, and yeah its pretty classy itself. Have fun peeps.
4	My new favorite Vegas club! While Marquee has a few cons, it's definitely earned its reputation as one of the best clubs on the Strip. As many people have noted, Marquee is freaking huge! Some comments about the layout:Pros: There's a little something for everyone with a bottom level playing primarily hip hop, another with mostly house music, and the Library on the 3rd floor that's more of a lounge. I can't really comment on how enjoyable the first level or the Library are since we never really moved away from the bar by the house music. (What can I say? My girl friends know how to have a good time... ) Con: Stairs are a terrible terrible idea. Intoxicated girls in heaven-high heels trying to navigate their way up and down several flights of stairs? It's a huge lawsuit waiting to happen. ** Tip: If the stairs are a bit much for you and you're starting to regret wearing those hooker heels you just couldn't leave at home, just invest in a pair of flats that they sell in the bathroom. (Hey, it's Vegas -- they think of just about everything!)Also, because of the popularity of this club, it gets absolutely packed by 11. The promoter claimed that there were 7,000 people in Marquee the night we went and I completely believe it. The dance floor was crowded to the point where it was difficult to even get onto the floor, much get your groove on. Drinks here were typically priced for Vegas but were decently strong and rather tasty. Also, the crowd here was great -- young, hip, fun, and generally easy on the eyes. More importantly, we didn't meet any really creepy guys and everyone was just out for a little fun. One last note, Marquee is supposed to be one of the harder clubs to get into. For girls at least, the easiest way is to wander around and get in with a promoter. He (or she) will walk you in right when Marquee opens at 8, you get your hand stamped, and then you can leave to eat/pre-party/club elsewhere before coming back and entering through the re-entry line (which is infinitely shorter than the main entrance).
4	Peep Game... Me and my boys were there on Monday and I must say it was DUMB crackin there... I felt like I was in L.A, Miami, Vegas all at once. It was our last night in Vegas and I saved this club for last since I heard this was the new kid on the block. And that night for some reason for the first time in my life my "PAC SWAG" was the highest its ever been. I felt "invincible" for some reason, like I could do no wrong and no female could resist me and my boys since we SUITED UP!!!!  Anyways back to the reviewBeautiful Females all over the place and all of them were down to at least make out with you. I kinda lost count with how many women I made out with. The only issues I had with them was that one of the door men was an ASS Hole to us and giving us Shit for some reason and refused to let us in and we were SUITED UP but the other guy let us in with no prob. We took an elevator upstairs where the club was and we were greeted by a dude that was screaming "Welcome to Marquee Monday Aeee" so that was  pretty cool...The Layout was cool a indoor spot and outdoor spot plenty of room VIP spots and the dance floor inside got crowded pretty quick, and outside was big as well with nice cabanas/booths and pools around also. Inside they played hip-hop and outside they played tech/ house garbageNow The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the Music... Listen DJ's I know were in Vegas and u gotta cater to the Vegas/ LA/ Euro crowd, but damn Bruh there are some Cats form the BAY AREA out here too. Cater to us more... U cant play a small sample of Too $hort "Blow the Whistle"  and when we BAY Folks get rowdy on the dance floor u change it to some lame Techno shit. Thats Sissy Shit.. Thats just what the Fuck we do in the BAY. And u didn't play Drake "Im one One" prob the "song of the summer" in my opinion thus far..  But u did play 6,7,8 foot, Cat Daddy and the Dougie but still keep it diverse for all please. But we all got play that night so it kinda didn't matter bc we prepared for this type of STUPID music 2 weeks in advanced to going to Vegas, Thanks Wild 94.9 Now if u a dude and u tryin to go a few recommendations:1. Derss to impress button up and or slacks/dress shoes I saw niggas get rejected bc the didn't come properly attired 2. Get there earley between 10:00- 11:30 bc it could be a long line3. If I dance with ur chick better than u do than and she like it u might have a problem. But u prob wont bc I just wanna be entertained 4. Most important  VIP bottle service = Bitches and more fun (unless u party with me and u gonna get chicks regardless lol)Now If ur a women few recommendations:1. Don't come already drunk bc u wont get in the door2. I wouldn't leave yo man unattended bc u might lose him to another chick I seen it happen there3. Don't be too stuck up now just bc ur a pretty lady. Just have fun and dance with the average Joe DAMMIT...  It's F@#%'n Vegas4. Quit being Thirsty!!! lolNext time I go to Marquee im getting Bottle service 4 sureBut u will have a hell of a time regardless tho Bottle service or not..Swagg.....
5	My friend is a promoter here, so my friends and I usually hit up Marquee. It's a really great venue too -- 2 floors (the room downstairs is pretty small though) and outdoor area with pool. Girls are free on guestlist and guys on guestlist is $25 or $45 if there's an event/famous DJ spinning. The only thing is, you need 1:1 ratio; if you don't, good luck getting in. Get there by 9:30PM to avoid the long lines too!Definitely check out the day club! With the Vegas heat in the summer, the pools are sure to cool things down. Grab a few drinks and food at the bar, lounge in the cabanas next to or in the pool, dance, just watch out for flying beach balls! Party all day every day in Vegas baby! I like that they have 2 pools too. The big one is in the sun and is usually pretty full, the second one has a waterfall thing and it's in the shade; it also has cabanas/seats in the pool! Tip: stake out a spot, lay some towels out and make sure someone is watching your belongings at all times! A friend's friend had her flip flops taken...not fun.I arrived late at Dayclub one afternoon because I was taking care of a friend the night before. Guestlist closed by 1:30pm and it was already 3pm. I was by myself since my friends were already inside...I was waiting in line when I heard the group behind me flag over a Marquee employee. They had 4 girls and 2 guys; each guy paid $50 for the group to cut the line and get in because they were already over capacity. After he got them in, I flagged him down and told him I was by myself and he let me in =)
5	Two words: fucking amazing.  (okay more than two words) Beautiful, young, hip, modern, chic!  Crackin with beautiful people. By far my new favorite Las Vegas hot spot.
4	This place is packed!!! we were on the guest list and it still took 2 hours!!! My preparty buzz disappeared by the time we got in, so we had to take a double shot to get the night going...the one cool thing about waiting in line is that, once in a great while u meet cool pplz and the chit-chat makes the time go by faster...got to continue the fun inside and turned out to be a spectular evening... vegas clubbing is 1000X better than LA clubbing, everyone is just much more happier, down to have a good time!!!! one of my favorite clubs!!
5	Umm...I don't really remember the night so that can only mean I had a really good time. And I appear to be enjoying myself in the photos, so one can only assume!Although I do recall excessive flights of stairs...
5	Went here during EDC weekend on Friday night and for Chuckie's birthday event with a group of five guys.  We all knew going in that we were going to/had to get a table and our friend/promotor told us that we would need to arrive early to get a good table.  Unfortunately, one of my boys and I blacked out from the day party at Encore.  So instead of arriving around 900PM, we get there around 1100PM with little hopes of getting a table at that point.  The line was crazy long but fortunately, my friend does work and manages to score us a table.  We were told it was going to be a small table inside, but instead we got a pretty legit outdoor table/daybed that was situated in the middle of the outdoor area.As other reviewers have stated, there's tons of stairs.  As an athletic male, I wouldn't normally be complaining but I just had my cast removed from Achilles surgery a week  before and I wasn't about trekking all those stairs.  I sat my ass down as soon as we got to the table.  We get the bottles and mixers situated and within seconds, the ladies, heaux, drink vultures made their rounds.  I was still feeling it from earlier but the drinks kept flowing, the music was right so it kept me going.From the little I remember, there was a good mix in the crowd but still tons of asians and whites.  It was pretty much NorCal and SoCal as every group of girls we meet that night seemed to be either from the bay or the OC/LA area.  Not complaining, just saying.  It was a packed crowd but everyone was cool, - no drama and everyone had good vibes and a good time.The only negative of the night was when my boy was signing the tab for the table.  Our hostess kept saying that his signature needed to match his ID, WTF.  Keep in mind that we ordered a few magnums and had been raging hard in the daytime so he was obviously not all there.  It was an epic signature fail.  After over ten signature tries, I think the hostess was finally fed up and said eff it, close enough.Will definitely return to the nightclub and check out the day club when I return in the near future.
3	This is a weird place.  I wanted to love it, I really did, but I have to tell the truth.  The club was mobbed and seemed to be as hot a spot as there is in Vegas, but on closer inspection, it was really not so hot.  I had much better experiences at Tao and XS for nightclubs.  I had much better experiences at pool parties at Wet Republic and Encore.  I actually went into a Marquee pool party and left after 5 minutes to spend the day at the hotel pool.  The hotel pool kind of blew away Marquee in every way.   I wanted to love it, I swear, but it wasn't happening.  Sad but true...
2	This club is overrated but Im giving 2 stars because I had a really good time. The club has absolutely no where to sit. I mean come on, I know youre there to dance and have fun, but girls wear heels and we need to sit down sometimes! like seriously wthell? And what is up with the extremely small dance floor? The security kept telling us to leave the rooftop dance floor because there were too many people. Honestly if they want people to have a fun time, they should put a limit to the number of people that can come in instead of over packing the place.And the BIGGEST negative about this place is the stairs! WHATTTT THEEE HECK?!!! are the freaking kidding me?! Why dont they make elevators or escalators? People have to travel up and down on stairs to even get INTO the club! UGH I was so frustrated because I was wearing heels and my feet hurt before I even got into the club! They need to seriously get some escalators or elevators.
4	One of the nicer clubs in Vegas, I highly enjoyed my night. Even though it was a Monday evening, the place was packed with people, both inside where the stage area was and outside by the pool area.I wasn't into the music, mainly because I was told it was going to be hip hop (and the fact that that was my 3rd straight night partying to house music, I wanted something else). My situation aside, the music was actually not that bad.My only concern was the fact that I had to climb what it seemed like 400 flights of stairs - past the escalators, we had to go up a few more flights, which lead outside (because we had G-List), then once we were lined up outside, we had to climb more flights before we actually got in. This stairs situation ain't good if there's drunk people trying to get home, which I'm sure they have on a regular basis.Absolutely great crowd. Also love the view out by the pool/cabana area. The lay out was great too, and I like it better than XS' lay out. Will definitely come back when I'm in Vegas again.
4	Apparently the hottest club in Las Vegas right now, situated in the hottest hotel in Las Vegas right now, The Cosmopolitan.  Hip Hop room was intimate (as Hip Hop rooms usually are- and the techno rooms are usually massive, for the greater population), don't really remember the other floors.  Beautiful views outside. Really wanted to visit Marquee's pool party during the day, but came too late! Is on my list for my next Vegas trip.
4	Marquee is probably one of the best clubs I've ever been to. The overall design, the location, and vibe were all great. The music was A-mazing! And the crowd was so much fun! We got there pretty early so we got to scope out the club, and it was just incredible. Once it started getting packed, we simply got caught up in everything. We were there for the majority of the night but it certainly went by fast! There are only two critiques I hope they change:1) There was nowhere to sit down. Luckily, we swooped in on a big loungy couch outside but other than that, if your feet really hurt, you should just leave.2) There is no elevator to exit the club. Come on. Not only was walking down 3 flights of stairs in heels painful, but it was super ghetto. I know Marquee makes enough money to spend on another elevator. Get working on it!
4	If you do reentry, you might be able to enter through the pool lvl. :] I wasn't able to stay long this time around, but this club is still very crowded. We had to dance around the main floor cuz it was so packed. I wouldn't want to dance in a can of sardines any way. Personally I like the outside pool area to dance/chill/mingle. Start your own dance floor!! A good tip is to find out where all the bathrooms are located (as there is one outside and you don't have to push through the crowds to use the inside one)!! Unfortunately my friends didn't know this. At least now I know the bouncers are pretty cool. They keep a watch on everyone. They also supposedly try alerting your group in case you get escorted out, but...I dunno if this really happened..Another good tip if you're staying at Cosmo is to have your guests' names put on the room list in case they aren't holding a key and the key holders are still in Marquee. That's all I got for now. Hope you found the tips useful!
4	Marquee is quite the crackin' nightclubAlcohol clouds much of my memory, but i remember an elevator ride up which opened to a visually stunning club. Gigantic trance room and a dance floor there for which to get down with the breezies. Lights everywhere and people getting down. The pool outside was beautiful, though not as beautiful as surrender. I think people who wanted to talk and chill came out here. I remember the hip-hop dancefloor where we spent most of our time. The DJ was pretty sick and played a lot of hits that got us going.The only thing I had trouble with was leaving. It was 4:30 in the morning and my friend was absolutely wasted so I had to navigate towards the exit on my own. I walked around the club like twice trying to find the exit going up and down stairs but couldn't seem to find it. This shiz is like a maze. A maze ing that is, because I had a blast and I eventually found my way out.My favorite club in vegas as of right now!
4	This placee....hands down best nightclub in Vegas as of now. went there on my second night after a ok night at Tao. This place is crackin for sure...strict dress code and strict on ratio which is great. the night over roger sanchez was spinning live, drinks came out quick and the atmosphere was just perfect. will be returning for sure.TIP:get in line early or your going to waste your night IN line.
5	Marquee is the best club I've ever been too - hands down. And I've been to a LOT of clubs in Las Vegas, LA, SF, NYC, etc.I'm not sure what the complaints are about the stairs since my girls and I didn't walk up/down more than 2 steps inside the club. There are elevators that take you up and down to the club. Anyway, right when we walked in, we were all amazed. It was absolutely gorgeous inside with a spacious dance floor, plenty of bars and various other rooms. The outside pool area was amazing as well with great views of the surrounding hotels (Planet Hollywood) since Marquee is elevated. I was so excited when the DJ was spinning hip hop since XS played ALL techno the nite before. DJ Vice spun in the main room (he mixed hip hop with techno) inside and he was off the hook. He got everyone so amped up and rocked the place. Everyone was dancing their asses off and there was the energy in the room was insane! They also had a guy dressed as Jack (Jack-in-the-Box) and he was handing out large styrofoam "glow sticks" to people. There was also a guy throwing out dollar bills and was "making it rain. My girls collected almost $40 worth of dollar bills (cab fare!)We had a really, really great time there and I definitely want to go back the next time we visit. It definitely lives up to its hype as being the hottest club in Vegas (sorry XS). I'm sure Marquee is really hard to get into but when you got the hookups like we did, life is much, much easier :)
3	This was our first, and only, club experience in Vegas and while I can say that the club was sick with all of the different rooms and jam packed with hott people it was way too packed for just the two of us. Maybe if we had gone with a group of people it would have been better but since it was only the two of us it wasn't that much fun. We weren't able to find a comfortable spot for just the two of us to dance unless it was right in between to huge groups and then we kept getting bumped into. We found another spot but it was right by an entrance way so again lots of bumping into people. I now understand why people are willing to drop $1,500 min on a table so that they can have their own private section and be able to dance! Maybe it wasn't the club - I think we just came to realize that we are not club people, when we come to Vegas we come to eat =)
4	Great vibe, and music, and smaller, cozier than XS. Since Marquee is being touted as the newest "hot spot", my gfs and I decided to check it out.  We were able to get on a guest list (provided we got there at 8:30) so we could get free admission.Getting in was relatively quick and easy. Since we were inside before the rest of the crowd, we wandered around to check out the decor.First thing (to all the girls out there).. there are a lot of STAIRS. Stairs up. Stairs down. And there are 3 levels. If you're scared of the stairs like I am, then this can cause a bit of a problem.  Also, the very top level is just a small lounge with a pool table. No point in making the hike up unless you really really want to check out every corner of this place.The dance floor inside is pretty small (for the main floor). Although they told us it was for house music, the dj ended up spinning mostly club hits and other top 40 songs, so my gfs and I had a blast.  Plus, its easy to pop outside for some fresh air (and more dancing).I was definitely impressed by the music and fun times on my visit there, and I'm looking forward to going again next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Day club- was amazingly awesome, nothing but beautiful people with nice body's and great atmosphere. Night club- hip hop room always too packed. Main room: all trans music, much more room than hip hop room, light show/ visual effects were dope. Overall marquee is the most happening club, especially on a Saturday.
1	Guest list or not guys listen up. If you don't have girls with you then your not getting in. I stood in line for 2.5 hours with 7 of my friends(all guys) they stamped my hand half way through checked id's and all then when we get to the front of the line they say where are your girls? We didn't have any they said oh you guys can't come in. What? Really? Guys come to Vegas To party and meet girls why would we have girls with us? On top of that it was my bachelor party. Totally ruined my night. One thing you can do is slip the bouncers outside a benji and they might think about hooking you up.
4	Fun and pretty club with a good mix in the crowd.  I THINK this might be smaller than XS but for some reason, it's so easy to get lost in the crowd.  Regardless, it's still a favorite!1 star off for the stupid stairs we had to take to exit the club.  Drunk girls + high heels + metal stairs = trouble...and I have a bruise to prove it :(
3	having all my friends rave and rant about how 'bad ass" or amazing this place is, i had to check it out myself. went there Saturday night for a few friends bdays. the venue itself is a good place, the outside main floor is very spacious and looks nice. i wish that the main floor played some hip-hop and not trace/house music. there are fewer places you can find a good hip-hop club. the hip-hop floor was over packed but they played awesome music. the dj knew how to get that place moving. one of the major downfalls of this club was the stairs, there were always tons of people walking up and down and could take a while moving from one floor to the other. and the lines are crazy long. we  left the club around 4:30a.m. and there were still people waiting in line.i guess you gotta experience this place at least once but i think i have had my fill of the marquee..
5	I went to both the dayclub & nightclub and loved both of them! Will definitely visit them again when I'm back in Vegas.
5	Strolled in here this past Friday night 7/22/11 after Dinner at Scarpetta in the Cosmo..was able thru twitter to get on a dj guest list and bypass all the waiting around.This is where its interesting they have 5 or 6 roped off areas to get in. One for folks who just walk-up, one for guest list, and the others I assume are for super-Vip and/or bottle service. All these lines funnel into the smallest foyer ever that leads to the cashier and then the elevators up to the club.Getting in was easy breezy, I strolled up gave the djs name and was given a ticket to get inside the ropes and up to the bouncer. Now I gotta say all the talk about guy to girl ratio, groups of guys have no chance well not what I witnessed..We waited maybe 5 minutes to get in and in that time I saw the bouncer let maybe 20-30 guys all  dressed very casually in, as a group of 12 good looking girls waited; one of the girls kept calling the bouncer out (not a good idea, but she eventually got it in).Once inside...OH MY...this has got to be the best club in LV right now..huge overcrowded dance floor, but being summer the pool area was opened this was packed as well..good crowd having a good time..they have bj tables in the pool area and getting a drink was pretty easy...we were able to sit on the back rests of some bottle service areas in the pool and people were really cool about it..I think its all in the approach..We then walked around to the other rooms and to thank the dj (Djtinat) for hooking us up.The smaller rooms are nice and a great spot to grab a drink..my friends hit the hip hop room and ran into several Boston Celtics players..good for them..We had an amazing time time..I do LV on the regular and I will no doubtedly be back..
4	Humongous 3 or 4 level club, I chose to stay in the outdoor area the most of the night since it was so hot.  I went in the spring when it wasn't too hot yet, summer it might be killer hot.Lots of stairs, and I know my female friends complained a lot about that, but this is the latest and newest club in vegas, which seemed like a must hit hot spot.drinks are the usual 12-15 dollars each, nothing new here for vegas.  The music was decent and buying the pre-sale tickets and entering on the 3rd floor was a breeze, no wait!I'm looking forward to coming here again.
5	Ain't no party like a Vegas party!Marquee happens to be the "it" spot right now for Vegas and I can't disagree.  This place is just amazing.  From the entrance to the exit, its insane with a touch of class.Getting into the club, there's separate lines for guys and girls.  As always, entrance is pretty much at the discretion of the bouncer/promoter.  If you don't have bottle service or know someone...expect to get in line early but even then there's no guarantee that you'll get in.  There were 8 of us (all guys)...so the obvious choice is to get bottle service.  $2k minimum for a cabana with 8 guys is a pretty reasonable price.  Looking back, definitely a good choice going with a cabana instead of the main room.  Nice spacious area outside right next to the pool and you can actually hold a conversation with people instead of the inside area where its loud as hell that you couldn't even hear a nuclear bomb going off if you tried.  Our server and hostess were on point, everything was restocked when it needed to be and they were checking up with us constantly.  Awesome service!  Could not have asked for better.As for the club itself, the main room is pretty crazy.  You'll have to pretty much force yourself through people to take a few steps but that's to be expected in a Vegas club.  With all those people, you'd think that it'd be scorching hot inside the club but that wasn't the case at all with Marquee.  They have A/C and they know how to use it.  It actually felt cooler inside the club than it did outside.  How many times does that happen inside a club?  Uhh....never!  There's also a hip hop room downstairs which isn't too bad.  Obviously not as big as the main room but plenty of space to shake yo' tailfeather.Overall, this is a great club.  Bottle service is definitely the way to go if you can afford it, otherwise you're looking to get in line pretty damn early.  If clubbing is on your agenda for Vegas, then Marquee is a must!
3	Came here for the dayclub in Mid-May. When I pictured a Vegas pool party I imagined Marquee, but a whole lot bigger! Marquee Dayclub was a lot smaller than I thought. We got a "hook-up" from a promoter, but later found out the guys standing outside the club handing out the fliers were giving out the same exact deal. We ended up having to wait in line for 20-30 minutes before being let in. Than we had to be split up cuz our group was too big. We finally got in at noon and it was already packed. There was no where to sit. Even the edges of the pool and planters were occupied with people. At first I imagined having a crappy time because we had no where to post. I wasn't about to stand around all day! My guy friends realized that the only way we would have a good time was to buy a daybed. They wouldn't tell the girls how much it was but considering it was in the middle of the splash pool it had to be at least $1,000. We had a pretty nice spot next to the water fall and bar. We had a good time together dancing, drinking, and we even got to see and talk to Rihanna! She complimented my friends and I on our dancing (since we are all dancers). I think this was the highlight of my day here. At the end of the day we found out that along with the day bed we had to spend a MINIMUM of $500 on drinks!! Most of the group was already to go so the ones paying the bill had to stay behind and order a couple more drinks to reach the minimum. Don't ask me why they didn't tell us this before. I had a great time with my friends, but the club itself was just ok. Next time I'd prefer a place a lot more spacious... and informative.
2	I just don't understand...Why anyone would stand in line for 3 hours to listen to HOUSE MUSIC! (I hate house music! To get a better understanding of how I feel about it, peep this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5T0DiYyYkYQ). Don't worry- this review will be based solely on the club and not its music preference.I'm a 702 veteran, and I know that boys have it real tough in Vegas. Most of the time, I have a heart of stone and make our group of boys figure out how to get in the club themselves while us girls skip the line :) Unfortunately, this was NOT an option at Marquee. In order for boys to even be allow entry into Marquee, they were REQUIRED to have a 1:1 ratio. (Security was literally walking up to guy groups and kicking them out of line.) So our group of 20+ girls waited in line with the 16(?) boys so that they could get into the club. We waited for 3 hours. I'd say we should get mad props because we could have gone to the girls only line and gotten in right away.Once we got inside, the club was SOOOO PACKED. UNBELIEVABLY packed. I felt like the entire club was as packed as the floor of a NKOTBSB concert. Marquee, how are you going to make me wait 3 hours to get into a club that I can't even dance around in? HM?Yes, the venue is beautiful. Yes, they have a great sound system. Blah blah, Kaskade was playing.... I don't care. Alls I know is that:1. All venues in Vegas are beautiful2. I don't have to wait in line at other clubs3. I actually have room to dance around at other clubsSo compared to regular clubs, Marquee is decent. But compared to other Vegas clubs, it's not worth it!Bottom line: I'm not coming back here until the hype dies down & they start playing some T-Pain and Lloyd on the regular.
3	Came here on Sunday night during Memorial Day weekend. Armin van Buren was headlined to DJ, but I don't even know if he ever came on (we stayed till 2am). It's only worth it if you have a table. We had one outside, but it was hard to enjoy because it was so freaking windy and cold that night!  Tried to go inside to get some warmth back in my cheeks, but it was a maze just to get through the club because the set-up is 95% tables, 5% dancing/standing room.  Can't stand in one place for too long cuz you have people bumping into you also trying to get through or the bouncers telling you to move it along.
1	There are so many pool parties and clubs to choose from on the Strip.  I recommend going to an establishment that cares about their guests.  Besides, having been to both day and night club at Marquee, my friends and I found the club to be overly packed with an OK crowd at best.  Many people left around midnight including us since we couldn't move at all.  The dance floor was also small for the top 40's music, and downstairs seemed like a rave with rude people.  Ghostbar, Rain, and Moon were so much more fun at the Palms.  Pure at Caesar's is worth checking out for the great view.   But if you still want to check out the newest club on the block, just beware you are in for a night of waiting in multiple lines (even with guest list) and being pushed around and waiting around for pricey drinks with poor management.*******************************************************************************Below is my incident at Marquee Day Club:My letter to the Cosmopolitan Marquee...ignored by the management :(RE: Pool Platform Hazardous to Guest SafetyDear Cosmopolitan Marquee Management,I attended the Cosmopolitan Marquee day club at the pool on Friday, July 15.  Since there were music playing and fellow guests were dancing on the plastic box containers in the pool.  I decided to join in so I climbed on the clear raised platform by putting both of my knees up on the box; then I stood up on the box, which had a grid of raised squares with very sharp corners.  As I got on the platform, I felt a sudden pain on my left knee, then the crowd started to yell "You're bleeding!"  I looked down to see blood gushing down from my knee so I hurried to get out of the pool.  I informed the gentleman patrolling inside the pool of the sharp top of these box containers that are meant to be climbed upon.  He sent me to security by the door.  Then, a security personnel with black tattoos on both of arms came over, and I told him that the clear platform was very sharp and cut my knee.  He told me to follow him across the courtyard to get first aid.  I already wiped off the blood on my knee when I got out of the pool, but blood continued to run down my leg so I had to wipe it off again, and he made a mean remark, "I would prefer it if you didn't use our towels, but oh well, too late now!"  Not only was the security staff inconsiderate, he was downright rude and sarcastic.  At the first aid station, I told the Cosmopolitan/Marquee employees that they should remove those boxes in the pool for guest safety.  The same security staff sneered and said "Yea, I can't do anything.  People get stupid cuts like this all the time."  I was shocked that no one cared about the danger the clear boxes pose to the safety of their guests.  So before exiting Marquee, I tried to warn the staff about the dangerous hazard again.  I spoke with the service manager named Danny/Denny, and he just kept saying "We just got those boxes, and no one has ever cut themselves."  He didn't seem to get the fact that my incident can be the first of many.  I had expected a little more consideration from the manager, but he treated me like I was just a drunk drama queen who got a small scrape.  I have attached a picture of the cut taken after the cut was band-aid; you can see that my skin was lifted off the knee by the sharp grinds on top of the clear box in the pool.  The finger in the photograph serves as reference of the size of the scrape; my skin is still raw and my knee is sore from the incident.I am quite disappointed and shocked by the disregard and insolence of your staff.  There was no compassion or courtesy from the staff who handled this incident.  The management must be aware that the top of the boxes have a sharp top, which can easily hurt your guests.  The unsafe boxes placed inside the pool need to be removed or reconstructed to insure guest safety; it is a lawsuit waiting to happen as your staff just shrugs off the incident and disregards guests' concerns.  I hope your prestigious hotel and popular club, especially being the newest additions to the Strip, would offer your guest a safe environment on your premise and train your staff to treat guests with courtesy and respect.  Thank you for your consideration.
4	I love this place! Good deals, plus for having a large line and being packed they gave ladies an open bar for a couple of hours, and not the cheap nasty stuff. Good deal! Very roomy and once again, I am a fan of the indoor outdoor setup. I would come back here again!
2	They pack way too many people in this club and the crazy thing is that you have to climb like 10 flights of stairs to go up and down the place. In the club, you literally cannot move, let alone dance. I'm sure the club is nice, but the only place I was able to breathe was on the roof. NO thanks.
3	Nightclub: Hotel guest discount; take an elevator to get to the floor, a lot of people having a good time, go-go dancers weren't that great. DJ? ugh. I'm sorry but he was blowhorn happy before each song, and played a lot of songs that didn't have smooth transitions. There was a lot of stopping between songs to find the groove again. Dayclub: hotel guest discount (without hookup) expensive as f*ck. Can't sit anywhere without having a reservations, felt like you couldn't touch anything either without having a reservation. Drinks were $14 for a small cup and $50 for a pitcher WOW. Pool party? but you don't swim. You put on full blown makeup, jewelry, get yo hair did, and God-forbid if you splash. Keep your drinks at poolside or get yelled at by security even though there's boxes in the middle of the pool that make it look like you can put your drinks there (which would've been a better, and cooler idea anyway). Only plus side? Open bar for ladies 1-3pm. TAKE ADVANTAGE.(with hookup/or have baller money?): canopied bed in the pool, open bar at all times, personal waitress, get wasted, make drunk friends =]
3	I guarantee that just one look at this place will have your stomach cringing at its forecast of a morning hangover.It took a while for 8 girls to get ready in 2 bathrooms, so by the time we made it into the guest list line, they were just about ready to shut down the velvet ropes. Even then, lined up like sexy little lemmings (and huddled amongst a combination of "barely 21's" and seasoned club rats), it still took us one hour to reach the elevators that would take us to... the most crowded club any of us had ever been in.Marquee is 3 floors of frat house... if that's your thing, then this place will rock-your-world. Being on the verge of 28, and having already lived (and happily passed through) that chapter in my life, I found the club to be WAY too crowded for my taste. But even with all of the bodies pressed against one another, I count my blessings in that (1) no one stepped on my toes that were quaintly peeking out of my awesome new wedge heels, and (2) no one knocked my overpriced cran-vodka out of my hand OR spilled their drinks on my way-too-cute body hugging teal dress.Overall, a BEAUTIFUL club - aesthetically. Big, and just what you expect out of a Las Vegas hot spot. Amazing location, nestled in the very hip Cosmopolitan hotel. Variety in music, with three floors playing different genres of your favorite dance mixes... but for me, a solid 3 (-1 for size of crowd, and -1 for type of crowd).
5	This review is for the Night club for the event featuring ATB.Great, great music in an amazing place.  The lights were crazy, the go-go dancers were crazy, the crowd was hot.  I recommend definitely getting into line EARLY, as it gets quite long...there is a line for all girls on the third floor that is faster, but if your party consists of girls and guys, then you will be forced to go into the general admission line which is a freakin' zoo.  At this point, you should either go early or bribe the bouncer to cut in line :)
1	This place is terrible. The bouncers and staff are beyond rude, the cover is outrageous, the lack of crowd control is almost dangerous, and they make you walk down 5 flights of stairs to exit the club. 5 FLIGHTS OF STAIRS. IN HEELS.The DJ definitely needed some inspiration, he played the same song for almost 15 minutes. It probably went on longer but we were so turned off with the place we just left. If you want to go just to say you've been there then by all means, waste your time and money. Otherwise I say stay far far away.
2	Its a big beautiful venue, but with so many rooms you'd figure they'd have more variety in the music they play. When I went it was ALL house. What's the point in making separate rooms and hiring separate DJs if they all play the same genre? The library room upstairs was the only place we found that played hip hop (and that chick was legit!), but its a lounge room, no dance floor... unfortunate. I've heard they've added a hip hop room though, just haven't found it.We got there very early and had a decent ratio so I didn't experience any problems getting in, but I can only imagine this line sucks if you don't know someone or get there late. Typical prices: expensive cover, expensive drinks.The pool area looks nice, makes me wonder what the dayclub is like. But the billion flights of stairs to exit the club wasn't the best design idea. I can't think of who would want to climb down that many stairs after a night of drinking and dancing (Maybe to keep the employees entertained watching sloppy drunks or girls in heels fall on the way out?)I'm not as fascinated with this place like everyone else in Vegas seems to be. I'd only go back if we had a connection, or if we're in line super early to avoid the hassle. And I'd keep looking for that hip hop room.
4	Last minute birthday weekend for 4 of my friends and they talk about Marquee.  I've heard many things, good things, from Marquee.  I must admit was a bit excited to finally see what the hype was about.The venue of the place, in my opinion, was awesome.  You have this roof, pool party feel going on.  There is the dance floor in the pool area that looked like it played mostly house music for the night. To switch it up, there is a lower level that mostly played hip hop. Overall it was a pretty good experience. the only 1 BIG complain I heard all day the day after, and I agree with this, is the stairs that one has to walk to exit Marquee.  I mean seriously, for girls, its an accident waiting to happen.drunk girl + long metal stairs = @#$!#$$!~#!$@#%!!!!! lolIt was pretty good, though I feel it did not live to the hype that I heard and my expectations.  I wouldn't mind coming back, but defiantly won't be the first in my list of choices.
5	This is the best nightclub I have ever been too, especially in Vegas.  The entire vibe of the place is great and everyone was there to have a good time and party in true Las Vegas fashion.  We went during "Party Rock Mondays" in July and was worried because of all the hype surrounding the place, and it def. lived up to the hype.  Never at a nightclub have I received such amazing customer service from everyone working there between the bartenders, waitress', bussers, hosts, etc.  Did not experience any pretentios attitude.  We went in through general admission because we were staying at the cosmo and got in for free.  After walking around the place, which is huge and sort of like a maze (which I saw as a positive and a cool way to go around and see what the club has to offer).  We were out in the dayclub  area and noticed a few empty tables so our group decided to talk to a host and ended up getting set up with a table for the night and had an amazing time.  We had a table outside for NIght Swim at XS the night before and the whole vibe, set up, seating was SO much better at Marquee.  It was also sufficiently cheaper which I was surprised by.  The DJ's in all rooms had the crowd going.  In my opinion, right now Marquee is the club to beat in Las Vegas.
4	Loved the size and excess of this club (multiple rooms, beautiful pool area with cabanas), however, my experience was mainly tainted by how packed they allowed it to get. Most good Vegas clubs are crowded beyond belief, but this was a new level of "if there is an emergency, we're all dying in here" packed. We ended up going outside and dealing with the freezing wind to avoid the crowds indoors. Still love the concept, and I'll try it again when it's warmer and hopefully some crowd dispersion outside will ease the crush inside. I agree with other reviews regarding the staff being somewhat rude and pretentious. They are definitely riding on the fact that Marquee is the new 'it' club in Vegas. Also, we did have to walk up several flights of stairs to get into the club, which is quite a challenge in hooka heels and small, tight dresses. All in all, however, it's pretty impossible to taint anything Vegas for me, so I still had a good time and will return.
3	Do you like walking...a lot...in heels...up and down a buttload of stairs? If you do, this is thee place for you! Lol There are three floors and you go up and down a ton of stairs to get around. Usually you can find some space to dance, but it was pretty tight. Outside patio area was nice, but hot as hell. It didn't feel that hot if you were outside walking around on the strip. Just no air circulation or something. There was a loooong line at about 10pm when we got up to the club. Super happy our large group got pulled up to the front and no cover. Score!The bouncers were pretty rude as some others have mentioned. The dance floor "closed" about 30-1 hour before the club. That sucked. Two of my friends made it down, but all of a sudden the bouncers arms started pushing people back. You don't have to sound like a dick to get your point across.Women's bathroom had a decent lounge area with mirrors to primp. Didn't have to wait in any line to peeeee! (Girls you understand what I mean).Had a great time with my girls, but will opt out of returning. (It says 2 check-ins, but I've only been here once).
4	Came here for Kaskade.  I can't say I remember the night enough to give a detailed description, but I will try my darnedest.There were multiple levels, my favorite being the library room which had uhh..books and bookshelves and pool tables.  The outside area had some water and stuff and that's all I remember.Kaskade was good but I didn't get to hear much of the set because my friend got kicked out for excessive drunkenness so I had to leave and go find said friend to make sure no arrests or abductions would occur, thereby ruining the weekend for the group.The End.
3	Too many stairs and need better AC system!!!  The place is not bad...classy...multi-rooms in multi-levels..though the multi-level is a bitch!  If you are trying to walk around or find someone...good luck!  Place is kind of a maze too...well, maybe I was drunk.  We had a table in the Hip-Hop room (mid-floor??)  and I needed the restroom...I asked the bouncer where the toilet is and he said it was upstairs....WOW!  So I guess there is no restrooms on the mid-floor??  Took me about 25 minutes to get through and find the restrooms on some other floor...then took me another 15 minutes to get back to my table...what an adventure...!!
4	Nice. A tad overrated, but elegant. Good music, somewhat decent crowd - although my hunch is that this place will soon be passe. The price is absolutely ridiculous but alas it is vegas....so what can you do?Love the outdoor section and the card tables, I can see why this place is so successful. The only horrible part - The 7 flights of stairs you have to go through to GET OUT. I mean honestly, why not just build a jungle gym in the middle of the exit while you're at it. Someone fire this architect.
2	This fuckery deserves nothing more than a list of reasons why it sucks. Here goes:1. Line - Girl.Please. I am not trying to stand in a line 376 people deep only to get herded into another line with even more people. Either let customers in or don't. What's the hold up? Not to mention the line gets held up once again because you get crammed into an elevator to get to the actual club area. (Clubs that require elevators deserve their own rant. Such a mess).2. The "Clientele" - So-Cal college kids on spring/summer break. i.e. Girls in cheap Wet Seal freakum dresses and tired "hidden pump" heels and douchey "bros" in whatever they think makes them look rich. Basically giant groups of people who have no business pretending to be wealthy cause we all know they're staying 6 to a room at the giant cigarette known as Circus Circus.3. The Stairs - This place is where they should shoot the next P90X video cause you will burn at least half of your muffin top off while trying to maneuver the chaos that is the floorplan. There are a few different dance floors, each one playing a different genre of music, which is cool. However, you have to climb up and down flights of stairs to get to each different section of the club. Drunks in heels + stairs = liability insurance nightmare. Also, traffic jams and feet being stepped on by said drunks in heels.4. The Vibe - People don't come here to dance, they come here to feel cool. If you enjoy walking in circles through a club that's too small and too crowded, this is your place. People just stand around and text and there's very few places to sit or stand without being pushed or knocked in to. It's a hot mess and you're ready to leave in 20 minutes because you are bored and exhausted already. Being a local and a girl, I got in for free. I can't imagine paying to get into this over-hyped catastrophe.
3	Honestly, I think this place is way over-hyped just because it is the newer of the clubs in Vegas. I do give the place props for having an amazing outside area though. The lights, pool, and overall atmosphere really reminded me of a smaller version of XS. They did a really good job of keeping the girl to guy ratio high. Flocks of girls would be strolling into the club in the beginning. But seriously, is it REALLY necessary to have girls in 4-inch heels walk up 5 flights of stairs before being able to get into the club?? The design of the entrance was definitely not optimal, they could have had an elevator at least, and the stairs were the janky aluminum looking kinds they have in emergency stairways. My feet were killing me by the time I reached the first level of the club. Then of course you want to explore the rest of the club, so we ended up walking up 2 more flights of stairs to reach the top, so you could only imagine how much pain we were in.Also, I think we came on a really bad night. ATB was playing, so the club was especially packed, not to mention that it was 97 degrees the entire night. The combination of people bumping into me left and right and being all sticky and sweaty due to the weather left me with a pretty bad experience and memory of my Saturday night at Marquee. Maybe I'll come again on a night that won't be as packed.
4	Marquee is an awesome club! Not that I remember most of the night but I know that I did have a lot of fun. We got there super early so, no one was really there but man, those stairs were a nightmare. How smart is it to have girls sweat off all of their make up before even getting into the club. The crowd here are a lot nicer than say, Surrender. ATB was playing the night we went and from what I was told, it was an awesome night. The club was a tad bit toooo crowded but I had a great time =] I would definitely come here again.P.S. Bartender who was in the hip hop room, HOT! lol
5	The sickest club hands down.  After Vegas, DC clubs are a joke.  This place was huge, had plenty of dance room, but the best part is the table service outside.  We had a table right by the pool, where mermaids were swimming and posing for pictures.  The corner had a few table games, where all the dealers were hot girls wearing skimpy tops and bottoms.  I must have hit 5 yo's in a row that night.  Our host told us that whenever we wanted, we could just give him the sign and he'll bring girls to our table.  If we didn't like them, we'd give him another signal and he'd get rid of them.Yes, it was really expensive but everything in Vegas is.  We spent over $2k on a 1.75L and a 750ML bottle of Goose.  I say, if you got the money, do it big.  I'll be coming back again for sure.
3	Ok, I'm not a big vegas club maven, but I've danced my fair share of nights away.  I really liked Marquis.  Maybe because as a hotel guest, we got in free?  Maybe because it's got a great indoor AND outdoor dance area. We found a little area around the corner to the left when you go outside that has little daybeds and tables.  We just hung around for a few minutes and claimed a few.Yes, well drinks are $12 bucks...but we tipped the outdoor bartender well and he made sure our drinks were worth it all night.Ladies - if your feet are killing you because you thought somehow you could live all night in those insane stiettos, never fear, they sell flip flops in the restroom for $10.OR just stay at the best hotel ever, take your shoes off when you leave the club and take the old elevator upstairs:-)
5	Wow, really cool, especially for the Monday night I was there.Beautiful people everywhere and the music was great.  The whole Cosmopolitan is like a work of art, so posh.Will definitely be back.
4	Yep, ended up at Marquee both Fri & Sat nights this Vegas trip. Super awesome club? Well, mostly because we were staying at Planet Hollywood & Cosmo was right across the street from us. Didn't feel like cabbing to XS (slightly regretting it...), plus promoter hookups for both nights = free (for the ladies obviously...the lone guy in our party had to pay $25) & speedy entrance. Marquee is gorgeous, I would say a larger version of TAO (from the same creators). Different levels, music & decor and very maze-like. Indoor & outdoor. Luckily, we went with someone who has been there before, so she showed us all the different rooms without us mindlessly wandering around. "Boombox" area (I think the 5th floor?) = the best music (mostly hip/hop) if you like the top 40's. The main dance floor (6th floor?) is mostly house. Good variety for those with groups who like both types of music. Guy to girl ratio was pretty ridiculous for both nights. Lots of girls! I have to say, crowd is (from what I remember) waaaaaaay better looking at XS...or maybe because I spent all my time at the hiphop floor. 3 stars, bumped up to 4 because free & easy guestlist, & proximity bonus. Go get some pizza afterward on the 3rd floor of Cosmo!
4	There's gotta be a reason why in 2 weeks, I've come here 4 times already - 3 for day club, and 1 for night.  Maybe if I came here for another night and made it 5 times, I'd give this a 5 star.  jk.The day club is pretty amazing especially with bottle service.  For a larger group of doods, its definitely more chill in a spot so that you can just sit back and kick it or party in the pool when you feel like it.  The hostesses are all amazing and very accommodating.  Partywise, the tracks are good and the crowd is definitely in the mood.  ALSO, they have food!  Pizzas are good, fries are good, JUMBO SHRIMPs are AMAZING, even at $19 for 4 pieces, its definitely worth it.  The pitchers of mohitos are definitely refreshing and does the job to get that buzz going, but if you need it, just get a bucket of beers.  At night, its hard to say what goes on in the hip hop room, although having stumbled in there a few times it was pretty cool.  If you're drunk and walking around though.....you might get lost. But generally, Marquee is no doubt the happening club right now.
3	The Cosmopolitan hotel was breathtaking, whatever team designed it did one hell of a job. But honestly, I couldn't say I was blown away by Marquee.I agree with the other reviewers who believe the layout of the club wasn't well-thought through. There's no excuse for any club to reserve half their floor space for bottle service tables, leaving little space for tired ladies with swollen, callused feet to rest. For those of you who have been to XS before: Remember how you could like dip your pretty little feet in the pool for temporary relief? Well forget that shit here because you can't. Maybe you could sit in those cute swinging chairs to chill out for a min? OH NOPE NEVERMIND, WHY? BECAUSE THERE'S ONLY 2 OF THEM. And you know, it didn't help that there were too many flights of stairs to deal with...for getting to the club, roaming the inside, and exiting the club. So THINK AGAIN if you chicks want to LEAVE the club for a little bit, because it's a f'ing journey to get anywhere beyond the clubbing grounds...Or even getting to the bathrooms for that matter with a hallway that might as well include VIP tables since they're bottle-service crazy. Jeez.The main dance floor was below average in terms of size, and in no way did I consider migrating to the jam-packed basement (or I meant their Top 40's dancefloor if that's what they wanna go by). The outdoor area was nice to look out, but that's really all the value it has in my opinion. Couldn't really enjoy it in the 95 degree weather. Also, some of their floor areas need some serious waxing because I felt like I was going to slip in my heels.So, what did I enjoy then? Those outdoor lounging chairs on the way out from the club. Just because you get to lie down while simultaneously observe guys take photos of chicks at cooch level.
4	Ok, do me a favor.Click on the actual page so u can see all the reviews for MarqueeHit Control F...type in "stairs"and search.So i'm adding more to the list.....what the HELLLLLLL is up with the 409 flights of stairs?!?!? It's beyond ridiculous....I'm not even exaggerating. And they're like emergency exit type of stairs...which are NOT fun when ur wearing 5 inch heels.Other than that, this place is amazing...just look at all the pics others have posted.I'm totally not into the club scene, but was told I need to check it out. It's a great place to go with a big group, especially if ur gonna reserve a table. The Cosmopolitan was just overall very impressive.If it wasn't for the dumb stairs, i'd definitely be giving it 5 stars
5	Wow! This might be my permanent spot for Friday nights!Was here for memorial and 4th of july weekend. Loved the multiple rooms. I spent most of the time in the hip hop room but also spent some time in the main room. Enjoyed both but I gotta give it to the DJ's in the hip hop room. Their selection is probably the best in vegas, None of that only hip hop tracks you hear on the radio stuff, but hot tracks you'd normally only hear on satellite radio, mixtapes, or cd's.  The hip hop room dosent get jumping until around midnight though.The main room is incredible with the DJ perched high up top and a pretty kickass light show. I like that you have access to the outside pool area which is their dayclub in the afternoons. It has fantastic views of the strip and hotels. A must see! Great place to go if you need a breather, cigarette, etc.If you're a guy and have no bottle service buying an online presale ticket is a must. The lines for general admission looked ridiculously long the 2 times I went. I kinda felt sorry for em. Oh well, I love using their presale tickets. They make you feel like a VIP for the price of regular admission. No lines, you got right up the escalators, thru the dayclub, and you're in. From the time I checked in to get my presale ticket to the time i got inside the club doors was 10 minutes if that, I kid you not. Keep in mind these were Friday nights on major holidays weekends after 11pm.All in all a great club. Everyone needs to experience this!
2	Maybe it was a REALLY busy night but it was hot, stuffy, crowded.Everyone was packed like sardines insideDance, Dance, get pushed by people walking through, dance dance, get pushed by people walking through, Dance, Dance, get pushed by people walking through, dance dance, get pushed by people walking through, Dance, Dance, get pushed by people walking through, dance dance, get pushed by people walking through ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL NIGHT!TOTALLY NOT WORTH $45
5	I love it, I love it, I love it SO much!DAYCLUB: Went on a Saturday with guest DJ Roger Sanchez. We arrived around 2PM and had no problems getting through the doors. The bouncers were a bit on the mean side, but they were just doing their jobs. Someone's gotta hustle around here! Upon entering, the club was definitely crazy. It was difficult to get a seat, so I suggest that you group together your friends and spring for a cabana or table! This pool was SO much cleaner than TAO Beach's pool. THANK YOU for cleanliness! The crowd was a good mix, but I definitely saw a lot of younger people here.NIGHTCLUB: Came back the same day for the night club :) Definitely different atmosphere. To this day, it's the most luxurious club I've been to. We came pretty early and walked into the club around 9PM because a big DJ was there that night. They definitely brought the party because it was SO packed later. Make sure you make your way to the Hip Hop lounge, the Library, and the Boom Boom room! This club is HUGE, so explore away :)
4	the cabana we had for our bottle service was amazing. perfect spot. i was drunk but even after roaming around the rooftop, i still found my way back to our cabana. the people who worked there were really chill. bottle service was great, always kept checking up on us. and it helped that our server was beautiful, she was 1/4 korean 1/4 something 1/4 another and 1/4 amazing, i was already gone when i asked her..
5	Superb Vegas Nightclub with the best Dj lineups week to week. From Kaskade, Chuckie, ATB, Erick Morillo, Avicii, Armin Van Buuren, Benny Benassi, Roger Sanchez, Fatboy Slim, Axwell, EC Twins, etc.3 dance floors and spacious outdoor area with cabanas, pool, spas. Main floor has a great layout with state of the art lighting and Funktion One Sound System. The attribute is the 50+ foot LED wall behind the DJ booth. You can get away from a long line by purchasing presale tickets to all their events on their website. Women $20 and Men $30 on a regular weekend. Only downside is the staircase from floor to floor. Overall a great nightclub inside the Cosmopolitan.
5	Finally got to check out Marquee this past weekend.  We rolled up to the nightclub with about 19 girls.  Since it was for a bachelorette, we decided to get a table.  They brought us outside by the pool which I was a bit disappointed, at first, because I was hoping we would sit inside.  But we all had a blast.  Drank the night away and eventually made it onto the dance floor where the performances and the dj was freaking awesome.  I think this club plays the BEST music in vegas.  We just went nuts and they even dropped snow.  Such an awesome surprise.  I can't wait to go back and party here.
5	hands down, THE best club that i've been to in vegas! my boyfriend and i were able to get on the guestlist for monday night and luckily it was free for the both of us! i totally thought that my boyfriend would have to pay but nope! so that was cool.  i see that a lot of people (especially girls) are complaining about the many flights of stairs but i didn't have to take a step on any stairs! we entered the club from the 2nd floor and from there they took us in an elevator to enter the club and then when we left, we went on the elevator to exit.  i was very impressed with the decor and the outdoor lounge.  i was mainly outside because the inside was INSANE! the dance floor was jammed packed!  so i can't imagine how much more crowded it is on a friday or saturday night.
1	Lines: They are ridicidulous on the weekends! Mondays are super short. Men aren't allowed to even stand in line if they don't have girls with them. Girls, unless you have a NV license, it's difficult to get in for free (unless you have a Queen's Card). I brought my student ID, which used to work, but now it doesn't. We even brought our gas bill, and it still doesn't work. Nightclub: For women in heels, this place is the worst club to go to. You first start off at the House music room. In order to go to the other rooms, you have to go up flights of stairs, which sucks in heels. Even to exit, you have to take stairs unless you leave after 1:30am. I must admit, the House room is fun ONLY when LMFAO is there. Other than that, I hate it. The bouncers suck because they block the dancefloor after a while. They keep pushing you around the dancefloor and don't tell you where you can go, because there's NO where to go. The Hip Hop Room is packed, hot, and sweaty like Tao. It's gross and ridiculous. The music is good, but when you get elbowed and bumped by big asses and boobs, no music will make your time enjoyable. Overall, I will only go to Marquee on Industry nights. Besides that, it's not worth the time or money... unless you're super horny.
2	***DAYCLUB REVIEW ONLY***If GTL is your lifestyle...then you would fit in perfectly at the Marquee Dayclub. Just saying.I really love Marquee as a nightclub because the pool area looks so classy and gorgeous at night, but during the day I wouldn't be able to tell this pool apart from a frat house pool.Me & my friends LITERALLY stayed at the dayclub for less than 30 minutes. In fact, some of the poor guys in line said to us as we were leaving "That great, huh?". The pool area is just too small to fit that many people. Whats the point of going to a pool party if there's so many people you can't even get into the pool?Maybe if you had a table the experience would be better because you'd actually have a place to sit & lounge.Its like a really crowded public pool filled with guys. Sound like fun?
1	My girlfriend and her girls all went to the club this past weekend. Their first tip that this wasn't going to be a good experience was witnessing the racist staff at work. There was a group of classy well dressed african American women, 6 of them, who were in line to get in. The bouncer rolled over to them and said only 4 girls would get in. Clearly an obvious move to refuse entry to this group. Mystified they went away. If I was there I would have raised an amazing stink. The lack of intelligence and ignorance of this bar and staff is nothing short of disgusting. Second, later in the night one of girlfriends friend was dancing away with her eyes closed swaying to the music. Bouncers came up to her and and asked for her Id and for her to leave because they felt she was too drunk. Clearly not drunk she asked them what the issue was. They rambled on with crap made up excuses until finally she left with the rest of the girls. In addition they were with holding her cdn drivers license. Racism is childish, for the small minded citizen. Nothing good comes from discrimination. We should not support businesses such as this that support this deplorable behavior.
5	I do NOT recommend the nightclub here.. the bouncers are all jerks and will turn you away at the door if you look buzzed or a bit woozy. So... my girls and I went and one of my friends had something to drink and she was a bit buzzed and we were totally turned away at the door.. We climbed like 10 flights of stairs just to get there and were treated like absolute shit..Luckily we met a promoter earlier that night who had VIP tickets to Bellagio's THE BANK nightclub. It was sooo much fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I totally recommend going to the BANK... just look out of the hotel to find promoters and you'll surely get in for free and have a blast!!!when you're in vegas, have a great time with making connections and just being yourself.you are not judged there!wooO!
5	I was at Marquee two different times for a Bachelorette Weekend, at the nightclub & dayclub.  From all the times I have been out in Vegas, this was THE BEST experience ever.  The club itself was a great set-up of indoor/outdoor dancing & lounging areas.  The music was great, with multiple rooms of different music like hip hop and house.  The staff was outstanding!My favorite part was the dayclub pool party.  It was like an adult's playground, filled with beach balls, costumed characters, and OTTER POPS! That's right... the girls were handing out otter pops to everyone as a random treat.  There was a wide assortment of people in attendance, everyone was having a blast and NO DRUNKEN FIGHTS. This was completely different from my experience at Rehab (Hard Rock), where people are completely wasted, fights break out often and the water is just nasty.We had a cabana that came with a private pool.  Our cabana girl was awesome and the management staff made sure that we had a great time.  The food was delicious and the drink selections were great.  You can get a pitcher of most of their drinks and get more for your money.  I would highly recommend the strawberry mojito, which was perfect for a warm summer day.  This place definitely made our weekend great and memorable.  I would highly recommend coming here on your next trip to Vegas.
1	Marquee has a strong reputation for being an awesome club and perhaps that reputation is part of the reason why I was disappointed when I went there for many reasons.First of all, the line up process to get in was ridiculous. We were moved twice into different lines that seemed to have no logic involved in how they were organizing people. There was the supposed guess-list line, which we were in, but the two other lines were moving first. So what's the point of being in the guest list line then? Secondly, $45 dollars to get in for the guys and that was the discounted guest-list price to get in. Ok its vegas, I get it ... guys have to pay, but for that price I expect service and not all the vices that I will dictate in this review.Thirdly, it was so crowded. In fact, it was so crowded that I couldn't dance anywhere. I could barely navigate through the crowd. I felt like if a fire started inside and pandemonium ensued at least 25% of the people would of died or have been injured. And oddly enough I was so uncomfortable that this thought became cynically funny as I stayed longer and longer at Marquee.Fourthly, and this is for the ladies out there. The club is huge at least three levels. The party that I was with had a number of ladies who's high heels were killing their feet the entire time we were there only to have a bouncer bark at them when they took off their shoes and went barefoot climbing all the stairs. For f@&k sakes, what do you want them to do? It isn't heel friendly, give them a break.Fifthly, no lie, an employee there intentionally pushed aside one lady in our party stating something like "I work here, get out of the way," as a justification to push her to the floor leaving her potentially to fall down on a floor where there was barely room to walk, let alone dance. Are you crazy? Do you not have a soul? WTF is wrong with you? Oh, I forgot its vegas!Sixthly, to get out of the club once you get in you have go down at least five long flights of stairs. Which isn't a problem that is until you want to get back into the club and you have to walk back up all those stairs. It's terrible for the women and quickly frankly I was sucking wind going back up as well. They need to come up with a better system for re-entry. Maybe there is no other way, but it was kind of crazy.Not everything is pure evil. The DJs and music were awesome, but if you can't dance what's the point. And the mermaids in the pool on the top floor were happy to take pictures with the patrons and kept doing it even though no one was tipping them. They deserve tips at least they are making sure everyone was enjoying themselves. The club itself is pretty amazing in terms of design and look, but ultimately if so many small things keep you from having fun what's the point.
3	- Nightclub Review -Staying at the Cosmo with a couple of friends, we decided to drop by Marquee early to get our free admission stamp (compliments of being a hotel guest) so we wouldn't have to wait in those long lines. For the most part, we all got in for free, expect for one of my friends because they said his ID wasn't him. My friend normally wears glasses where as his ID had no glasses. The security guard still wouldn't let him in, even though it was legally his license. It was pretty messed up because the guy didn't even backlight it or ask a fellow guard to compare. It's Vegas and sometimes those security rules hit hard (especially for the guys). My short rant is this: I know security has to be tough and all (while they play favorites), but does it really hurt to double check IDs? After getting our stamps, we hopped out of line to devise a new plan. We were celebrating a birthday, so we wouldn't let a bump in the road ruin our night. Eventually some of us went back in, while others parted ways to another club.Upon re-entry, which is located on a different level, were a flight of endless stairs. As we walked up these fire exit stairwells, we would see people going in and out. This is the part that doesn't feel like a club because you're walking under fluorescent light bulbs with fine young ladies, who are all dressed to impress, and it looks like they're walking though a warehouse. Maybe they should find another way to let people back in, instead of using the fire exits.We entered what I think was the 2nd floor. The lighting of the room was red. It was super hot because the room was tiny! Way too many people on this floor were sweaty and too close for my comfort. This floor was horrible.We ventured to the top floor. MUCH BETTER. It's more open with half of the club being inside, while the other half is outside. The top floor is the best by far! Skip all the other levels, this is the best part of the club.The inside dance floor will get the most crowded because of the stage and the video screen. The areas around it, which circle the dance floor, have a lot of bottle service tables. The front and back bars have a nice area to hang around and chill.The outside area was my favorite though because of the open space, the cabanas and the pool that featured girls as mermaids swimming around. They literally had a fin-piece suit for their legs. To get out they had to be carted off. The outside also features it's own DJ with their own video screen, two bars, a corner to gamble and what seems to be a lot more friendly people since you're not all jammed up in the corner with one another.Overall this was a good Vegas nightclub, but I have to minus points for the security and layout. The music was good and I liked the crowd. I had a lot of fun. It's the people you go with and the fun ones you encounter that make it more memorable.
3	This club is crazy!! It's absolutely gorgeous but talk about packed on a Saturday night. If you get separated from your group of friends good luck ever finding them again. It's really confusing finding your way around and getting a drink is nearly impossible. The dance floors are so packed you can't even dance... just stand there and get pushed side to side by the mob of people. I did get to watch a girl barf into one of the planters holding a palm tree! All I could think about was "poor palm tree" and I'm sure that's not the first or last time it's had barf instead of water! Gross!
3	This review is for the nightclub only. I had heard sooo much about Marque and how amazing it was that I had to check it out for myself. My friends and I didn't want to take any chances and got there before 11 on a promoter's list. Be sure to get in touch with some sort of promoter or list if possible because the general admission line is pretty ridiculous. When we first arrived it wasn't too bad. I thought the decor was pretty simple though. Its super dark in there though so I would suggest to take it easy on the alcohol. The DJ was pretty great. We were on the hip hop floor and had a great time for the first hour. After that it got soooo packed. Like ridiculously crowded to where it wasn't even possible to dance anymore.  If it wasn't for the amount of people squished in the hip hop room I'm sure my experience would have been better. Perhaps I'll give it another shot on a slower night.
1	This is by far the worst club i have been to in Vegas!!! I don't know what the hype is about.  The bouncers are rude.  They told us to go into 2 different lines that wasn't even getting anywhere.  The GA line was faster than ours.  This place gets stupid crowded.  Even though it was crowded and took forevers to get in i figured since we are there already and it would be good to check out a new place.  We go in and they took us to our "table" at the library.  At the library it was way to small to have pool tables there.  The people shooting people barely had any room adn we kept having to avoid the pool sticks every time they had to shoot.  So, we decided to finish our bottle and then walk to another room.  Well, the next room we went to, not sure which one it was, but it was really dark and sooo crowded.  So crowded, i'm not sure how people who were in the middle would ever get out or even move.  I couldn't handle this place anymore that i just HAD to leave! Well, we arounded up the girls and started leaving.  In order to leave this place you have to walk down all the flights of stairs.  Very painful.  These stairs are metal and reminds me of a fire exit or warehouse stairs.  Even if your feet were not hurting it would hurt by this point.  We all felt like the stairs was endless.  Finally we got out of this place and i felt so relieved that we were still alive going through this.  We left and went to XS.Because of the experience of this night club, i'm not sure if i would stay at Cosmopolitan again.  There's just not a reason to stay there.  All i can say is i hate this place!!!
5	I was here for a bachelorette party over the weekend and we had a very memorable night... to say the least LOL First of all, get on a list because if you don't, the line will be really long and the lines were really confusing. I dig the outdoor area because you can actually breath but the house/Jersey Shore-ish music wasn't my scene. The main room was crowded as hell. We made our "hand holding train" and walked through the crowd and that was pretty much all we did there. We went to the small "hip hop" room and chilled there most of the time because, in my opinion at least, the music they played was really good. From what I remember, I loved everything they played pretty much LOL All in all, the club itself was nice (although, I do like the decor at XS more) but the crowd was ill and just more fun than any other club... so that's huge points. ... My only gripe would have to be about those damn stairs.
2	There are night clubs and there is Marquee the night club. A really nice lobby and stuff but this night poor execution. We have table service but it like we have to wait over an hour just to talk to the man handling reservations.  So yeah after that it was time to jet!
5	My favorite club in vegas. I've been here several times for the dayclub & nightclub, and had a blast every time. Love it so much that my friends and I would go to the day club during the day, rest up, and come back for the night club.Mainly because, the music is great. I love house music, and Marquee caters to that crowd. DJs I've seen here include Avicii, ATB, Cosmic gate .. pretty lights, great vibes, and the crowd here is energetic and awesome. The big DJs usually don't come on until 1:30am, but they spin till around 4-5 which is awesome.. partying till the sunrise!Table service at the day club is pretty sweet too. Once my friends and I were invited to one of the cabanas, which includes a private pool, delicious champagne and yummy thin crust pizza :)
3	The girl who never, never, NEVER clubs went to a club.Long story short I had a group of girls/cousins come into Las Vegas for a bachelorette party. They needed a club to go to on Monday night - Marquee is open on Monday night - 1 star!On Yelp I asked for some help to find a promoter/host for a club on a Monday night and I was referred to Gia Lee at Marquee - found her on Facebook and got all 17 girls into the club, VIP line, with open bar from 10 pm to 11 pm - 1 more star!Although I am NOT a club-goer (I used to be) I do LOVE The Cosmopolitan, and since I have high expectations for places in the Cosmo, Marquee was no exception. And Marquee delivered. I loved the look and layout of the club, plenty of accessible bars, an outside and indoor dancing area. The pool part of the club was especially my favorite. 1 more star!My complaint #1 is the same complaint for ALL Las Vegas clubs; even with being guest listed my group STILL had to wait in a line. It's just annoying. I wish they would stream-line the process. If I'm going through a promoter, why can't she just walk me in? Why do I have to deal with the club-thugs (as I like to call them)? *sigh* I guess it's all part of the "experience".Complaint #2 and this is a big one. When I went to leave the club I left by myself. I went directly to the elevators that I had come up in. The club-thugs at the elevators pointed me to a flight of stairs. WHAT. THE. F*CK. Yes, the profanity is definitely needed. ARE YOU KIDDING ME, MARQUEE? How dare your club-thugs make me use a flight of stairs in high-heels and drunk. Even at The Palms they let you take the elevator back down (yes, it is many more stories), but STILL. That needs to stop immediately. If it weren't for that ending I probably would have given 4-stars.
3	I didn't really have a good experience at Marquee but that has a little to do with the fact that I was completely sober and the company I was with as well. We were on the guestlist for Marquee so my friend and I rushed to get ready to go to the Cosmopolitan where Marquee is located. Because of this, we didn't have any time to pregame at all. But honestly, with such long lines, even if we did have time, the buzz would have worn off long before we get in. So, even though I was told being on the guest list, you skip the line and cover before 11, the guest list line was crazy long. We lucked out because when I went to ask the bouncer how long the wait would be and what not, the party in front of us apparently didn't have an even boy-girl ratio so they asked if we wanted to join them to go in and go our separate ways from there. So we did that. They were hotel guests so their line was a lot shorter than ours but we still had to wait a good hour before getting in and they were each only able to bring in one girl (one of the guys in their party digged out) so I let my friend go in for free and I just paid the $20. Once inside, it was super packed so my friend got really annoyed and wanted to leave after 10 minutes. I really want to try visiting Marquee again someday with other friends (a bigger group next time since everyone decided against joining us). It's pretty cool though if you don't mind crowds and lines and if you're in the mood for clubbing.  There's 3 floors but the top floor is a little boring. One floor is for house and trance music while the other one plays hip hop. The floor with the house music is where the party's at though.
3	Getting in was a bit of a problem but that's Vegas for you. I just wish security guards weren't such dicks. Just because you couldn't make it through police academy doesn't mean you have to take it out on us! Anyways, the club itself was really fun. The outdoor area is a lot better and you can actually talk to people. The interior wasn't anything special but they had an amazing DJ and lights. They even threw giant glowsticks into the crowd, which was cool. I was most impressed by the bathrooms and how organized everything was. The owners get major props for that.
5	That night was a blur, but thank god we found a good corner for my friends to be wallflowers :)
5	Nightclub:WOW WOW WOW. I have frequented some of the hottest clubs in the world and I can definitely say that Marquee is right up there amongst the others.I have been to a lot of the groups other hotspots Tao Las Vegas, Marquee in NYC, Lavo in NYC, and Avenue in NYC...Marquee was the topping on the cake.My boyfriend and I went to Vegas and got engaged on the trip. We decided to celebrate as we were staying at the Cosmopolitan. We got a table in the main room and just the two of us paid a little more than $4,000. We have been to Liv in Miami several times and paid about the same amount (with more people) and there is NO comparison!!!!Some clubs make you spend an exuberant amount of money and then treat you like shit. Not Marquee. The service was impeccable. I hate being pushed around in Vegas clubs like some form of cattle but there was a security guard in our section at ALL TIMES who made sure that no one was touching our table/that we were comfortable in-between two other rowdy tables. When I had to go to the restroom, the security guard walked me to a private bathroom and I did not have to wait at all. I was really surprised.They let us take the bottles back to our room as for 2 people we did not finish the two bottles that we ordered. This was really nice as the security guard walked us to our room with the bottles. We will DEFINITELY DEFINITELY come back again the next time that we are in Vegas/staying at the Cosmopolitan. The only minus was that there was a special dj for the night (that I had never heard of) and the music was very boom boom boom. There were hours where there was not one word. I love house music but this was a little excessive. We did overall have an amazing time.Dayclub:We went on a Monday so keep that in mind. The dayclub was pretty cool...there is a minimum to sit at any chair but I mean what do you expect from a Vegas pool party? It wasn't bad at all as it was a  Monday so we had a lot of fun. There was no DJ but the music was still amazing. We got a table right by the pool and after our umbrella fell over they moved us to a cabana in the side pool. It was really nice. The pool was a little gross as there were straws and menus in the pool which did not make it appealing to swim in but other than that the ambiance and overall scene was pretty good. If you are a guest of the hotel there is another pool nearby that you can switch back and forth with if you do not like Marquee. It is more calm and definitely cleaner.
5	Absolutely my best experience in Vegas ever! This dayclub is one of the most fun, creative, chill and amazing places I've hung out! Beds inside the pool, couches by it, swings near by, overlooking a "beach" and then add in the drinks and the awesome music! I also want to say the crowd here is not your typical Vegas tourist, but I guess there is no "typical" Vegas tourist, but I digress - what I mean to say is the crowd here is fun and chill! I would highly recommend and can't wait to be back myself!
5	Great poll experience in Vegas.  None better!  Great staff, great music, great view!Run, do not walk to experience this club!
1	I don't know about the dayclub as I didn't get in and my 7 friends did o this bachelor party trip. Supposedly u need to wear board shorts to get in which wasn't told to me on the phone or on my presale ticket when I asked. They just said shorts. So I canned it all the way back to my hotel which took 30 min, and came back with swimming shorts, and the same bouncer did not lemme in cuz they weren't "board shorts". Waviest sh*t ever. So they wouldn't lemme return my presage ticket either. So I wasted $35 with the ticket and cab fare and still didn't get in. A-holes!!
4	I liked this place. It helped that ladies got free drinks.There was an outside area in addition to the main dance floor and an upstairs library. We stayed long enough to take a couple of pictures outside because my contacts were being blown dry. The dance floor was almost as big as the one at Bank but the VIP tables were separated by a path and that seemed to make a difference. The only complaint was the freaking bright lights that they would flash once in awhile. Why do they do that to our retinas? It was easy enough to get in but getting out was a different story. There weren't any elevators going down. Instead, you had to walk down multiple flights and once outside, a bouncer would greet you with "Watch your step". So you think it's the immediate step and then you look up at the beautiful view of the strip and the pool area and there, a tiny but deadly step that the guy was talking about. I caught it in time but the paramedics were already on the side helping a fallen victim. Once you clear that step, you have to walk around the pool area to escalators that take you to the mall level, the floor above when you enter the club. It was great PR on their part to get the guests to do a walking tour of the hotel amenities.Did we go anywhere else with our broken feet? I don't even remember. Oh wait, we went to Jet.Getting in:We were on the guestlist via www.freevegasclubpasses.comWith that, it took maybe a couple of minutes while the guys found our names on the clipboard and got themselves organized. Free.
5	I'm speaking for the nightclub... FAVORITE club when I visited to Vegas. If you're looking for a big dance floor and good music to actually dance to (such as hip hop) this is the place to come. They had performers and confetti blew out on us. It was pretty sweet. A different variety of people too.Although, the only negative downfall I would say about this place, is that it was extremely crowded. People were stepping on my feet the whole time and when I woke up the next day, I had bruises on the top of my feet. If you don't like to constantly bump into people, this isn't the place for you. And when I went, it was on a Tuesday! So I couldn't imagine what the weekend would be like.
3	Okay, I'm mainly scoring this place based on the freakin' STAIRS.  Yes, yes, I know I don't have to wear 5 inch heels, but c'mon, at every other club I would've be able to last the night, but goodness....after entering through those stairs, my feet gave up after 20 minutes.   Then I had to trek all the way down the same stairs to exit the club.  I don't know if there was another exit/entrance, but the bouncer told me that was the only way out.  FML.Other than that, the club itself was very nice.  The patio area was gorgeous and a nice break from the crowded dance floor.  My friends played craps outside and won, so that was exciting as well.  Music was good and drinks were expensive (but it's vegas). I would go back, but I might have to take some flip-flops with me.
2	Terrible music. The guys handling the line were ridiculous and were making everyone go around, upstairs, downstairs etc. Again, the DJ was just terrible.
5	A nice place to drink and relax.  Enjoy the view of the strip and the ladies.
3	I'm long overdue on writing a review, so let's kick it off with a Vegas Review again since Vegas is my second home. Marquee- amazing when you get in and its not so packed but after awhile it gets wayyyyyyyyyyyy to packed. I understand that this is the newest nightclub and everyone wants to be here but come on its very overwhelming.Pros: great music, gorgeous peopleCons: wayyyyyy to crowded, they block off the main floor, lots of different rooms you can hop around but its always super packed they definitely need to expand the hiphop room because hiphop is a staple in clubs also. You will lose people in the club and its not fun. The wait time because you have to go up the elevator and 1:1 ratio when you go to the club. Bouncers were yelling at girls how they needed a guy and everyones scrambling and Cover fee is super steap its ridiculous. The club gets a little much because its the newest but I still opt for XS over Marquee due to the fact that its sooooo over crowded and its ridiculous you see people standing all over the place and it doesn't look good.
4	Hmm... What do I have to say about this club... So my cousin's and I decided to get bottle service at Marquee. That was cool. We were able to bypass the long ass line and enter the club pretty quickly. When we got inside the club and seated at our table we were right behind the dance floor! I knew it would get messy over there. And it didn't help that our table was on the house floor. I wasn't really digging the house music. But whatever, I enjoyed my time there. lol. The room I really enjoyed was the library on the top floor. The DJ was playing old school hip hop. If I had a choice I would've liked our table to be in this room.Bottle service was dope! Having a place to chill and drink without having to go to the bar. But we had to lock down fort on this. People will be sitting at our couch with out asking. People picking at our ice with their bare hands. WTF,  get your dirty ass hands out of the ice bucket.Hostess: Our hostess was dope. She really took care of us. (i forgot her name.. my bad). Mixed up drinks for us. Brought us back bottles when they got empty. And just checked up on us every so often.Security: OHHH.. DAMNNN... you know how i said it would get messy? well here is the messy part of where our table was. So I'm just chillen, sitting on the couch, trying to enjoy the music and drinking. And the next thing I know my jeans are wet. I'm thinking to myself "WTF." and I look at our table and some fat chick was sitting on our table and she knocked over all our bottles and ice bucket. With out saying sorry or anything, she got up with her dude and tried to hide in the dance floor. Security came to us, quick, and asked us what happen. Then they brought my cousin to the dance floor to see if we can see her. Her fat ass couldn't get far so security handled them and they got kicked out of the club. Thanks security.. Ya'll rock!HAHA good times marquee!! I'll see you again when I'm in Vegas
5	Marquee, a total chick fest this place is! Thanks to all you sexy girls for making Marquee my 3rd favorite club in Vegas.During day of course it is a pool club to go mingle in your swimsuits but come night, that's when it really goes down and definitely my fav time to hit it.Good or bad, say what you want but this nightclub is pimp! Hot women with little bitty sexy club dresses all around wow. The DJ talent performing here is tops and world renowned. The vibe is electrifying! It gets mad crowded with so much happening inside this place. Party central for all you singles on the hunt. A 5-star when it comes to clubs in sin city. Everyone looks well dressed, cool and ready to have fun. There are 3 rooms each with its own style of music...The Library Room, has a pool table and lounge bar to chill away from the party madness.The BoomBox room, solely for hip-hop/top 40 music dance lovers.The Main Room, which consists of many tables for bottle service along with the sound of house/pop music thru the night. A modern upscale club, the lighting effects and go go hottie dancers add the right mix. Try to act discreet if you guys bring your GFs here cuz you will see hotter girls I kid you not and it can get you in trouble with your girl like it did with mine. I blame the beautiful honeys clubbing here for it. Yeah, Marquee can cause breakups so watch out.
5	It's beautiful, it's new, the club is huge since it has an indoor and outdoors. I spent the majority of my night dancing outdoors. More air to breathe. It was just as happenin' outdoors as it would been indoors.
3	It's the hottest new club right now, so of course I had to see what it was all about.  There's a line to get in on the first floor and another line for girls only on the second floor.  We went around 10 on a Saturday night and waited about 45 min.  I recommend bringing a beverage to help pass the time.  We were on a list, so there was no cover, but guys were paying at least $60 that night.  I feel sorry for the guys in Vegas.The layout of the club is cool because the first floor has a hip hop room, the second floor has the house music and an outdoor area, and the third floor is a chill room with table service, a pool table and it's decorated like a library.  None of the dance floors are that big though.  It also sucks that stairs are the main way to get from area to area.  High heels plus lots of stairs equals no bueno.  For the short time I was in the hip hop room, they played mostly old school stuff.  The DJ in the house room played good music, but it was incredibly annoying finding room to dance.  We ended up spending most of the time in the library room since we made friends with a bachelorette party that abandoned their table, so we had somewhere to sit.  Maybe I'll give it another shot when the hype dies down.
4	I've come here for industry night for the last two weeks. I love this place! The layout is awesome and the decor is very artsy. I really like being outside, checking out the view to the strip, and seeing all the lighted jacuzzi tubs. It makes me want to check out the day club! The first night we went, they weren't playing any hip hop music because that room was closed for the night. That was a little disappointing, but we still had fun outside and in the main room. The second time we went it was up and running, so we spent most of our time there. We also made a trip to the library, which was pretty nice. There's a pool table, bar, and a lot of places to sit. There are also about 5 hostesses that are dressed like extremely sexy librarians. Both times I've come here, I never had to wait in line more than ten minutes because we were on a guest list. I saw how long the line got outside though, so I was very glad I didn't have to wait in that. I even got an open bar wristband each time as well. The wristband was good for vodka drinks from 10-11pm, so I made many trips to the bar between that time and I never really had to wait behind people there either. The industry nights, minimal waiting with guest list, open bar, themed rooms, and good music make this place a 4 star club for me.
4	I heard from many people that its the hottest nightclub in Las Vegas right now. So I absolutely had to check it out. The place is pretty decent. There are about three or four different floors from what I remembered. There's a "library" room, which is more intimate, the main dance room that leads to an open outdoor/ pool area, a balcony room, and a house room. The outdoor/ pool area was absolutely beautiful! The layout of the club is nice, minus the stairs and the non-working elevators that night. We waited in the second line in the back to get in because we had a promotor hook us up. Apparently there was a bazillion people in the first line and the wait was 232431 hours. The wait wasn't that bad. It literally took like no later than 5 minutes for us to get in.I'll definitely come back again to check out their day pool.
2	Hottest club in vegas! Probably too hot. Literally. The hip hop room was so packed and sweaty you can't move.
4	Despite the drama that can come with being in a group of 10 girls who mostly just want to get their drinks for free, I had a blast at the nightclub here. The DJs who stepped up to the booth were phenomenal, and the crowd was pulsing to the music.Like most of the big clubs in Vegas, this is not your walk-up kind of club unless you feel like waiting. Get on a guestlist or your experience will easily be two stars because of the wait. We got in pretty quickly, and it was incredibly crowded. Stay away from the walkways unless you know exactly where you are going and don't mind getting hustled along by security. The Library Room upstairs provides somewhat of a refuge from the madness, but...it's upstairs. Call me an amateur, but I can't do that more than a couple times in ridiculous heels.One thing I did appreciate, oddly enough - that the music was loud enough to feel enveloped in, but wasn't so loud that you could feel your eardrums vibrate with every beat. My hearing was relatively intact the next day, despite the rest of my body punishing me for dancing so much. It's a delicate audio balance, and I was totally impressed that Marquee found a way to achieve it.
5	ok, this review may be biased but I F*CKING LOVE THIS PLACE especially because I met CORY MONTIETH & MARK SALLING (aka FINN & PUCK from glee). But despite that AMAZINGNESS, this place is the best! I came here for the Dayclub and it was SO MUCH FUN! There're two dance floors, one inside and one outside, they have special DJ's that come in all the time (when I came Marcus Shulz was spinning), and everyone's here for a good time! Each cabana has it's own mini jacuzzi which is so much fun and there's plenty of space in the main pool to dance and IT'S CLEAN!!! I will say though, my friends and I got very lucky when we were here because we met some guys who let us party in their cabana (which was right next to the glee boys' cabana =D) and we got free drinks and plenty of room to sit. The service at the cabanas is AMAZING! Whenever we ran out of drinks, they came right away with more and they were very attentive. With that being said, I'd say getting a cabana is the way to go if you have the money that is. If not, it's still a lot of fun and there's tons of space to dance and have fun with your friends. I LOVE THIS PLACE!!
4	The only reason it's not 5 stars is because I wasn't able to go into all the different rooms. I think they closed at 1 am? Not sure, but they were closed and that was a bit too early!! :(I went on a Tuesday, industry night. Was guest listed by a new friend so I didn't have to pay the monstrous cover from what I heard!Let me just say my elevator guy (the guy who takes a group of people up to the club deck) was such a goof ball, so fun! We danced in the elevator and he gave us such an enthusiastic welcome into the club....WHICH WAS SO BEAUTIFUL. there are no words. The music, the shot girls, the pool, the tables outside by the glass walls overlooking the strip that have TUBS right next to them. Omg. Definitely staying in The Cosmo next time I'm in Vegas. I heard it's $50 all day in the day club. everything was BLING. I LOVED IT.
5	This is an amazing newer club.  Not since Acapulco have I felt a club with this energy.  There are many different rooms each with their own theme.  There is an outside patio area by the pools with a swanky cabana/table.  Then there is an upstairs library with a much smaller feel.  There is a pool table and comfortable couches.  It is much more mellow.  There is also a hip hop room on the lowest floor (4th floor I think) that plays hip hop music.  It was pretty cramped in there and we didn't stay long.  The best part of Marquee is the main room.  The music is great.  The energy is amazing.  The DJs were phenomenal. Yes, it is a pain to get up there (especially if you are a girl in heels) but it is worth it.  I would recommend trying to get on a list or else you will be waiting in line.  I love that there is something for everyone here.  A few girls in our group loved going back up to the library to sit for awhile.  I never wanted to leave the main room.  I want to go here every time I go to Vegas.  It is definitely my new favorite.
3	Came here on Monday night.  Heard lots of good reviews.  Their hip hop room is very small.  Not a lot of good music was playing (compared to Vanity).  The pool area was packed, the main room was the best place to be.  A mixture of house, electronic, & hip hop.  Packed as well.  The library SUCKS!
5	my reviews are normally hella long.. but theres not much to say other than this is by far the BEST club i've been to and i've been to a handful in hollywood. If you're in vegas and come across a promoter definitely hop on over and check this place out. Be sure to bring more girls with you then guys or else good luck trying to get in cause the lines get really long. Not sure what normal cover is but since we knew one of the promoters, the guys got in $25 and girls free. multiple dance floors on different floors and the vibe is just overall awesome. Love how chill it was outside the pool and balcony area.Definitely coming back next time im in vegas (:
5	Day and night I love it all.We had a cabana with a little pool in front so I spent most of my time there.  The large pool looked out of control and a little gross.  I definitely recommend this as a go to pool party.The night club was definitely awesome.  The house music was good but I spent most of my time in the hip hop room downstairs.The line is BANANAS...thankfully my friends and I didn't wait in it. :)
4	Ladies Free and Guys $45 on guestlist?? Something like that..I can't recall all the details really. This club experience is pretty awesome. Beautifully decorated. You take an elevator uuuup and it's PARTY TIME!I like the room that plays hip hop, but it gets crowded quick. Main floor is ok if you like house/trance/techno (I don't know the difference). Pretty spacious dancing area indoors. However, my friends and I ended up hanging out outside. We made our own dance floor!Pool has mermaids swimming in them. It was like they were inviting me in to cool off from the Las Vegas dry windy heat! (It was in the high 80s that night). Only bummer is that we can't go into the pool. Not even to dip our hurting, blistering, high heel wearing feet!! WTH!?!? You can play some games since they have tables outside. I don't gamble, so I can't share on any specifics. Drinks are expensive so PRE PARTY! The ONLY gripe I have about this club is the fact that you have to WALK down ugly stairs (think fire escape route) to get outta there! BAD planning on their part. Took my money and left me to cry walking down the stairs. :( No bueno Marquee! It's like a horrible one night stand....They lure you with their sexy look, get you drunk, dance you up, then toss you out the back door! Nevertheless, I would definitely come back!
3	I LOVE MARQUEE, don't get me wrong...but seriously...they're method of exit is HORRIBLE! Did they run out of money or something? Going down all those stairs in already sore feet with heels on is not fun...come on...who was the genius behind that one? Does a girl have to get shit faced in order to use their elevator to exit? Had to take 2 stars away for that one...But otherwise it's a great place to party!
3	the stairs? a horrible idea.
4	beautiful, huge club, for sure, but i only loved the music in the hip hop room, which had no ambiance whatsoever.  the rest of the club was a lot more impressive, but i didn't really dig the music.  i thought the outdoor area was great - just wished there was a little seating to rest my feet for a bit!
5	Seems like it can get crowded for events during the nightclub house. Get here early!
4	I haven't been to many nightclubs on the strip, but I thought this one was pretty sweet! We were on the guestlist and the guys only had to pay $25 on a Friday night, which we thought was a pretty good deal. You take the elevator up (or down? I honestly to this day still don't know) and in you go! My favorite part is the outside area, because the fresh air really helps when I feel like I'm suffocating inside. I also saw some blackjack tables which looked fun if they weren't packed. My favorite room was the library, so do some exploring! Only negative that keeps it from a five star: STAIRS. GAH! :(
2	Really amazing club, but a lot of grievances with the place.  Not that I had trouble getting in but I did see the line and felt bad for some of the people standing in the thousand person+ line.  Once inside as expected it blows you away.  Easily the biggest place I've ever been to nightclub wise.  Amazing music/Dj's and dancers and environment.My main problem was a little with the layout of the club.  It had a walkway where they had these huge bouncers (i mean of course they were big otherwise what's the point of being a bouncer right?!) standing in the middle trying to direct traffic to keep moving.  I understand the idea there but it effectivly was like taking the 405 freeway in LA and leaving only one lane open.  Traffic backs up and then everyone starts to get agitated.The patio was where I spent most of my night which was amazing.  Very nicely decorated and there was enough room to breath and talk with the friends I went with.The other problem I had which I expected was the pricing.  But as it is the newest and hottest club in vegas (and most likely on the west coast and maybe even all of north america! I duno) the drinks and everything was very expensive.  I guess people come to vegas to blow lots of cash but as a local I gotta stay on a regular daily budget.I'd say well worth the experience, but it is a pain getting in so maybe try somewhere else unless you have a connection to jump the line.Oh and I have yet to experience the dayclub but it sounds like a good time!
3	The BIGGEST club I have ever been too.  Multiple floors with an awesome outdoor area with a pool smack dab in the middlle. The dance floors get packed, especially the one playing hip hop music. The night me and my 6 galpals went, DJ Kascade happened to be there doing his thing. The best part of the night were the STRONG DRINKS our bartender kept giving us.As for getting in to the club, we had a promoter who told us to be in a certain line at a certain time so we wouldn't have to pay a cover. We got there by the expected time only to be corralled in a large line with other groups of people whose own promoters also told them the same thing. After a 20 minute wait we eventually got in, although there were lines a plenty with people crammed in every single line.  I'd come back just for the rather large outdoor area, but the lines to get into the club are pretty ridiculous even if you know a promoter.
5	if you don't come here, it's like you didn't go to las vegas. by far my favorite club in las vegas! to get in, you take the escalator through the giant chandelier located in the middle of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, which just gets you excited. i've never had trouble getting in, but that's because i'm lucky enough to be able to get on the guestlist, so get in for free. our guy friends didn't have too much trouble either and got in for free once, but i think that was a fluke so don't expect that :) inside: its HUGE, with a stage that is usually packed (in a good way) surrounded by tables. dancers are incredible, lights are amazing, mist & confetti just top off the night. i swear, they put on a show for you, reminding you you're in vegasss!! outside: omg, what's not to love about two outdoor bars, patios with hottubs, and pool? its absolutely beautiful.music: only the best djs spin there on a regular basis. ive seen benassi, kaskade, & steve angello, 3 of the most memorable nights ever.
4	There was a mermaid* swimming in the pool. That is all.*with a fish tail and e'rythang
4	pros:multiple floorsmultiple check in locationsdecent musicdecent crowdcool decorationsroof top pool/ lounge is amazinglibrary room is cool pretty interestingcons:pretty confusing to get from floor to floori think my favorite part is the rooftop/ pool lounge. you can step out of the club to get some air without exiting and it has one of the best views of the strip. pretty good way to end the night!
3	OMG. Stairs. Stairs Stairs... and ugly metal ones to add to that. Enough to make a girl hate her heels and ignore the security guard when they told me that i'm not allowed to go barefoot.I don't even know how many floors there were. Like 3 or 4? We got there pretty early at like 10pm, but it got crowded reallly fast. The line is pretty insane, even at like 2pm when were left, but luckily we got to skip all that. All I remember was the upper level with the rooftop pool/lounge which sucks if you don't have VIP because there are NO seats anywhere. And the music started out good but by the end of our night, it got worse and we were tired and there was no where to sit!We ended the night at the library floor I think and that was crowded as well.The decor was nice and it was cool that there was so many floors, but that meant annoying stairs. Also, crowded dance floors, no place to sit anywhere unless you have VIP... I think I'll probably pass on this place next time. Or wear flats.
4	4.5 stars. Definitely one of the top three vegas clubs, if not the top. Inside the BEAUTIFUL COSMOPOLITAN!!! Make sure you get on the guestlist & come early for reduced admission for dudes/free females. I love their outdoor rooftop.. Gorgeous pools and expansive space.. Really nice cushions to sit/lay back and relax. Really nice little waterfall. Fun little hanging egg seats. A photo-booth that lets you send the pics to your email for free! love that! (this is what you do to entertain yourself because you got here so early to avoid cover haha). This is a very large and pretty club. The main floor is large.. usually playing more house/techno than I enjoy, so I tend to make my way down to the hip hop room. Not quite as many 'beautiful' people as you see standing around up by the pool.. but the best dance music! :) Decent AC.. and for you ladies dying in the heals there is a handrail that goes around the side of the dance floor (hip hop room only) separating it from the bottle service seating.. it makes for the perfect place to lean against to take a rest or maybe hold onto as leverage while you dance especially if you have gotten a little tipsy haha.There is some kind of library/cigar room? It's always looked pretty unhappening and boring to me.. but maybe a good place to take someone you actual want to get a chance to talk to? Personally I'd rather just shake my bootayy! oo yes but like all the other reviews tell you the levels are separated by STAIRS.. but there is also an Elevator.
3	wanted to check out xs for my last night but we were already having dinner at cosmo so my friend didnt want to go there.. lazyy..after finishing up dinner at wicked spoon, the guys in our group went to get in line.. i went with my other friend up to the their room to grab the rest of the girls.. in the sea of people in line, i couldn't find the guys.. someone told us to get in the hotel guests line on the 3rd floor.. glad we did bc it only took 15min to get in, however, through that line you had to go up many flights of stairs to get inside =( when we found the guys we were told they had to wait in 1hr+ line on the 2nd floor/main entrance, oh too bad for them, if only they asked they would've found out they could've gone through the hotel guests line..the stage, lights, visuals were as i expected but the dance floor was too small to my surprise.. the dj's (porter robinson and diplo) that night were good.. after dancing on the main floor for a little bit, i couldnt take that it was so crowded and spent most of the night in the outside area..bc no one was really dancing outside and didn't want to go through the main floor again for a spot to dance..i got bored and wanted to go back to our hotel.. my friend and i left and everyone had go down those many flights of stairs to exit.. not fun..i'd only go back to marquee nightclub for a good dj i knew was going to be there.. i wouldn't mind checking out the dayclub sometime though..----------quick update:came here again on my next trip and had a good time.. we had dinner across the strip so we went straight here to get stamped for being on gl.. our promoter lead us and the other sea of girls up the escalator (never in my life have i seen an escalator and more filled w hot girls going up while the suckers aka guys were all on the escalator going down to pay for cover haha) we went to the line on the 3rd fl and line went by quickly..i cant believe we got in for free for kaskade!! (his '12 residency is amazing and was 3hrs, btw) anyway, we got our stamps and stayed for 30min before leaving while the opener was still on.. we came back in time for kaskade and the re-entry line wasn't bad at all.. i finally got the chance to check out xs the night before and honestly prefer it over marquee a tad bit..
2	Where do I start? Lets cut to the chase. What the hell is the point of making a reservation if you're just forced to wait in a line and be talked to by dismissive door guys. I understand people have to be processed and you have to put on the 'show' at the door, but come on, do you have to be a douchebag about it? And being a guest in the Cosmopolitan that experience reflects poorly. Door guy asked my friend to change his stylish T. Without incident he went upstairs and changed. Door guy said he'd get us right in. We get back door guy takes us to a point and drops us off and those guys tell us to go to the end of the line. At this point, I'm done. Had my co-worker not been with me, I would have gone back downstairs and gambled til I fell out of my chair drunk. We finally get to the door and the guy asks cover charge or table? I'm thinking go F%^k yourself! We pay the cover because I want to see what the hype is about. I get in the place is ok, DJ one room is pretty kick ass I will give him that. Thank god they had table games so I could keep myself entertained.To summarize, the place is nice but the experience at the door killed it for me. I was hoping to go there for a bachelor party, that won't be happening.
3	This club is probably the nicest place i have ever been. When i hit the lottery I'll probably base my backyard like the main level of this club.The music wasn't really my skeez, not really into trance or techno.  Thankfully they had a very crammed hip hop room which is where i spent most of my time.There's a lot of people that are in shape that go to this club.  I say their in shape because these crazy muthaf*ckers be going up and down 4 level stairs.  My fatass just stayed in the hip hop room."Mike you mustve been dancing your ass off..." i say "nah just visiting the other rooms"...Got a lot of doush bags that come here, by doushe bag i mean foo's that watched one too many episodes of jersey shore.  Don't get me wrong, i love jersey shore, but seems like these fellas want you girls to think they was part of the show.Definately a good place to check out, has a little for everyone (mostly trance)...Good luck with the line if you're not getting bottle service.
5	So if I count back to my dayclub/night club experiences, this is a total of 6 times I could've written a Marquee review. However since I go there so much, it would be redundant. I m going to post my most recently VIP reservation experience at Marquee. Going into the AOD End of Summer Invasion, I knew Marquee Nightclub was going to be one of the highlights of the trip. At the beginning there were about 25 people interested in getting VIP services at Marquee. As soon as we got the quotes back of $300-400 per head, it quickly eliminated the contestants in a hurry. So I ended up with a final total of 8, and the best I can do was a 5 person reservation at an outside table with my man Brad Spieser at the Marquee group. Even this was almost impossible to pull off because Marquee reservations were pretty much completely booked out for Fri/Sat, for a few weekends to come. We had to be there nice and early, no slipping up. On early Friday we had a pretty chill pool party, and I made sure I didnt get chocolate wasted at Liquid. We got back to our room, and everyone was on point when we were getting ready. For the first time on this trip Gio/Mike B got all dressed, and were actually ready for me to pimp them out with the double windsor knots on the ties. We were looking sharp we left the Signatures and even got offered limo rides. Nah, we roll gangsta. Cabs only. Got to the Chandlier bar at 8:45! We just had to wait for Ola, Chad and the rest of his crew. Thank goodness I brought a can of 4loko with me. So we were waiting for the crew to assemble, and I popped the can. Right away I took a huge ass sip. I handed off to Gio, hes like no thanks. Mike B also said no thanks. WTF. This meant I had to kill this whole can by myself. Either ways its Marquee, fuck it. We lay it all on the line. Slowly but surely I chugged the whole can. Rest of the crew appeared, I picked our select 5 on table. Collected the cash and off we went. The other 2 dudes had glist lined up with 12 girls, so they were to meet us inside. We took the escalator up to Marquee level and honestly I was seeing 30 ropes infront of me and I talked the guy that appeared to be in the middle. He said we had to wait an additional 10 mins before VIP line actually opened up. Apparently I was totally slurring my words cause Mike B said I was wasted and he still was polite with me. I was like calm down Mike B, even me wasted I can handle Vegas business with 110% efficiency. Thats how I roll, Major style.  So finally our guy Brad texts us back, hes waiting at the ropes. We quickly bring the crew up and he lifts the ropes, then off we go. Say good bye to the millions that are stuck on the other side of the club which have no idea that we take this secret elevator without ever being in line. In the elevator ride I persuade Brad to come drink with us, and sure enough he agreed. Slapped him with a huge tip for being a bro. So we go to the outside level of Marquee, Brad straight walked us to the center front dance floor daybed, right infront the screen with a sweet view of all the oncoming talent. Everyone was bro-hugging each other because all our hard work of planning this trip finally paid off. We order bottles, and the rest was pretty much history. Heres the bits and pieces of what I remembered:-I was yelling at some random bouncer for picking up bottle serviced drink and disposing of it, and I was telling him how much it costs vs the bar, and he said he didnt give a shit-I was making out and dry humping one of our friends and she was loving it on our daybed-I shuffled like a madman, and somehow found my way at bungalo cabanas ( a good 100 yards from my daybed). Then some guy came back to our table and asked to have what I was having..Just bits and pieces.. and many numbers in my phone when I left. I also remember the light show as incredible, and it was most banging house music I ever heard in my life outside of EDC. Oh Marquee, the next time we drop a couple of Gs we will try to remember it better.
3	SO many reviews already talking about how long time lines are, the dreaded stairs, blah blah blah.This club is over-rated. It really is, if it wasn't for the big house/trance head-liners who DJ's here. That is the only reason why I go to Marquee and will return to Marquee. One of the main problems that many clubbers face is not the $ issue its  the fact that Marquee has Long chaotic line! If you are not there early, have table reservations, or no connections, you will be waiting for a long time! Save yourself the worries of whether you will be getting in or not by buying the presale tickets online (ESP guys) or be there super early. If you want to stroll in to the club later or want to skip the long lines and free/reduced admissions without getting table service, you will need to know and contact a host, and i'm not talking about some junior rookie host either because they do not have seniority and most will just give you discount passes (girls free/guys $5~10 off)  like the rest of the folks on the streets of lv blvd...someone on the executive/senior level would be nice... who can better accomodate you.While taking the escalators to Marquee, there were tons of people walking out telling us how the line is so long, no one will get in, good luck getting in, etc etc. But that didn't stop us since we had a host. The bouncers weren't particulary assholes but i can see they can be. Our group had 8 girls and 2 guys. While the girls were busy taking pictures in front of that big ol red shoes (lol!) the bf was walking towards the club, and the bouncer said he won't be getting in because of his shoes! (vans.lol) I was thinking like Noooo! At this point, i'm thinking wth! his shoes aren't even that bad. It's black and not dirty... I told my bf, forget the stupid bouncer! I text my host and he tells me to meet him in front of the ropes. So off we skip all the people in line and we get into the club! This whole process took.....5 minutes. The sound system is NICE but it is VERY VERY LOUD! like wow! I could feel my self vibrating. LOL Drinks are good.Layout is meh.Hiphop room is SMALL. The dancefloor gets overcrowded to the max. Once the headlining DJ comes on and you go OUT of the dancefloor, you can not come back in...(supposedly, from my friends who tried to come back to the dancefloor after using the restroom or buying drinks) So stick together or just party outside the dancefloor.I still think XS wins in terms of what "Las Vegas Clubbing" is all about.
4	I guess this is the new place to be in Vegas. Lines are insane here so it's pretty much a good bet that you should get a table with your friends.The place is split up into sections. There is the Boom Box Room where i guess they mainly play hip-hop. There is the library (which i didn't check out...or did i? i can't really remember....), there is the outdoors and finally there is the indoor main floor. The night i went, ATB was spinning in the Main Room. That was a bumping good time. However, Marquee is mad crowded. They let everyone and anyone in. In addition, they don't really discrimiante. You'll see youngins, old hags, skinny ppl, fat ppl, all sorts. As long as you have the $$$ its all good. I preferred the Main room over the Boom Box room. After killing the 1st bottle in the Boom Box room, the host was able to upgrade us to the Main floor area for our 2nd bottle. That was really nice of her. Overall the vibe is great and the music is pumping. However...it is hard to move anywhere since it is so crowded. I wish it was either A) a bigger venue or B) they regulated the # of ppl that can enter the place.
4	Lines are insane ... you gotta know some peeps.Awesome music, clean, this is where you wanna club in VEGAS!
3	My first experience here was instense. When I first walked in it looks like a fancy rich house that put too many chandeliers in it. The line was ridiculous and if you get there after 11, you mine as well find another club because your not getting in. When I did get in the venue was very nice, but so confusing to get around; it didn't help that kaskade was spinning that night either, so it was packed. i love the outside area where you can just chill and conversate with people if your too hot to stay inside, but can someone give us a map at least of how to get around this place? I didn't even find the hip hop floor until i was leaving. I think this place is way over hyped and it's just an OK club.
5	My friends and I couldn't have asked for a better evening at Marquee. First, we all got in for FREE. Both the fellas and the ladies. This could be because it was a Monday, but as we bypassed the cashier at the front door and led into the club, it was a real good feeling. (Get at me if you wanna know the name of my hookup)Second, the Boom Box Room was playing all the Hip Hop/Top 40 hits. I am not a big fan of House so this room was perfect. I can't remember the last time I was dancing to 'Pony' by Ginuwine. I think at a high school dance. It is a tiny dancefloor, but  I was surprised how small the main room was when I saw it for the first time.Thirdly, FREE SEATING. Located right outside the Boom Box Room, there's about 6 or 7 couches for anybody to sit and chill. It's also the best spot to people watch. I also noticed there was benches up by the pool area. This is great for everybody to rest up and continue the party.Fourthly, PARTY ROCK MONDAY. After chilling on the couches, we made our way to the main room to see Redfoo of LMFAO begin his set. This place was mad packed so we found a spot in the back room. We couldn't see anybody on stage, but we had a decent view of the big screen. Once 'Party Rock Anthem' started playing and the confetti was in the air and the lights and sounds were engulfing your senses, you couldn't help but get get into it. And this is from the guy that said he didn't like House music a few sentences ago. Definitely worth it.While I agree the multiple levels of the club and the stairs can't compare to the luxurious layout of XS, the music and the vibe definitely win over Mr. Wynn's place. This is definitely the hottest club in Vegas right. At 2am. there were still people trying to get into the place. Make it a point to get here.
2	SO MANY STAIRS.  Ladies, especially if you are in heels.If you are a hard core club-goer this very well might be right up your alley.  On my most recent trip to Vegas I decided I am no longer a club-goer but I prefer the lounges and bars with dance floors (such as Toby Keith Bar, Margaritaville and Cleopatra's Lounge).  As such, the stairs made it even less worth it!But we did do the full lap around the club.  I must say had we decided to stay in the library (on the top floor) before they hit capacity I think I might have enjoyed it.  They were playing top 40 and their full capacity is perfect, still leaving room to move around and dance.In my opinion, worth the stair climb for a one-time experience!
1	Great music by Fatboy Slim but the employees and especially security (Joe and Earle) are complete ass$%*@!!! This place could honestly be one of the best day clubs but the staff sucks and kills any desire of drinking or anything.
2	Not my kind of music to dance to, and even if space permitted, good luck trying to find some (as with all other clubs in Vegas).I do like that there are different areas to the club, that layout was a nice change of pace. I ended up mostly in the outside area near the pool with the so called mermaids that I never quite got a glimpse of all night. It was a hot 105 summer night when I went but that didn't deter too much from the experience.All in all, I think I am getting too old to pay 40+ bucks to get into a club only to stand around like I am getting ready to get packed into a sardine can. The real fun in Vegas started after we left the club.OVER IT!
4	Was here last Saturday and had the time of my life.  I went here with a group of 7 girls, got on the guestlist for the day club through a promoter, which are more than happy to help you get in everywhere for free if you have a larger group.  We were a last minute add, so when we got there they didnt see my name on the guestlist, but I patiently came up to one of the security guys and explained my situation, and got in no problem. They are super accommodating for the most part. They were sold out of day beds unfortunately, but we made our way to the bar which sprays an ongoing mist of water because it was 107 degrees, and that mist made the weather bearable.  bartenders were great, people were happy, pool was big and not super packed.   Music was amazeballs, if you're into house and electro.  I would come here again and again and again.
5	This update is for the DAYCLUB. My friend and I came here on a weekday. We got in free and it was pretty quiet, but the music was good and there were plenty of places to lay out. A server explained that since it was slow, we could sit anywhere we wanted except in the cabanas. She was also very careful to explain that if they filled up and people came in who wanted to pay for the seats and daybeds, they'd have to start bumping people. No problem and props for being upfront about it. We took over a daybed that was right at the edge of the water. The pool area is a bit on the small side, but not nearly as small as Tao and Azure. The music was good. Drinks were about what we expected to pay. The server was really awesome. We only left because we got hungry and since it started getting cloudy, we got a little cold. If you want to get a lot of sun, I suggest staying on the side that you walk in from; the other side gets shaded by the building a lot (which is good if you're looking for shade). We'll definitely be back!
4	This club is the newest and hottest club right now! i went here just last weekend (labor day weekend) and was really intimidated. The bouncers were strict and quoted my 12  group of girlfriends 40 each but one of my friends kept talking to the bouncer and somehow managed to get us all in for free :).  It has various rooms and we were mainly in the hiphop room. Drinks werent as expensive as XS.
3	5 stars for an incredible lineup -am & pmWe had a blast at Marquee's LDW 2011 day party and night party. Porter Robison, Gareth Emory and Benny Benassi were spinning on the decks with a live vocal performance from Gary Baker to the hit "Cinema." They all brought the house down!!! We even got a couple surprise songs from LMFAO.At Marquee's night party Chuckie rocked the party and Benny filled in for Martin Solevig who didn't show. Paris Hilton and LMFAO made appearances.Super fun, really crazy, and I loved every second of Labor Day 2011!!!You should have seen some of the crazy outfits people wore. People act like they have no shame in Vegas and the world aint' watching. These days though everyone has a camera phone. YIKES!!2.0 stars for size of pool area -My only gripe is the roof top pool area is way too small to host a big event like this. The pool was also a no go because I don't like rubbing wet elbows with people I don't know. Not to mention that by the middle of the day the ground reminded me of a nasty 7/11 bathroom. ewwwwwwI had to keep my flip flops on. Who knows what foulness was down there. 2.5 stars for beds but they were a mess by the end of the event. Not very durable. I am still thankful our group had beds because there is NO where to sit otherwise.2.5 stars for bathroom set ups Just forget about getting to the bathrooms in a hurry.  In the tight crowd at Marquee's pool parties it's almost impossible and you have squeeze through everyone. YUCK!  The nightclub bathrooms seem like they are half a mile away from the club. You should have heard all the hens clacking loudly in there. It's like they congregate and never get out of the bathroom. Spending tons of time in the bathroom is not my idea of a fun night out in Vegas, but whatevs.3.0 stars for Staff -The staff at the day pool were on the ball and kept our ice filled and the drinks flowing. It's a nice almost private pool scene, but not one I would rush back to, as there are other much nicer and more expansive pool areas in Vegas. The night party was insane!!! We had a table and the staff are super attentive as they should be for a cool grand plus tip. Definitely worth it if you want some place to sit and watch the crazy peeps and the bottle rats scurrying around. Overall I had an amazing Labor Day and would definitely go back to a night event at Marquee. Ladies I would highly recommend investing $9 in the slip on shoes that you can stick in your purse because by the end of a hard day & night partying your feet will thank you. I know mine did.
4	I think my ears are still ringing from LDW 2011. The daytime pool festivities are fun and the nightclub is a hit! Though the daytime pool is ridiculously crowded, the music was great and that always makes it a great time. The drinks are overpriced, but what ISN'T in Vegas? The nightclub was  interesting ... the layout is not ideal in that the booths are spread out all over and only a few actually surround the dance floor. The top floor of the club is actually more spacious and less crazy. Really friendly staff ... shout out to AK!!! Thanks for a great time, Marquee.So why a 4 and not a 5? The drinks are WAY too overpriced.
2	Crowded, chaos,  lines galore, people not knowing what how to enter or which line to go to.  Girls are walking barefoot because they cannot stand to stand another minute in their stilettos.  And I am only talking about the ENTRANCE to the club.  We were in a bachelorette party of 13 and had reservations for a table and bottle service in the Top 40 room.  However, we had to wait in one of the many confusing lines for almost an hour!!!!!!   The staff knew we were there waiting in line, but could not accommodate us even though we had a reservation.   We waited, waited, and then found out that they could only stick our big group in the House/techno music room on a small couch that only fit 5 girls.  The rest of us had to stand.  I can't stand music that sounds the same.  do-do-do-do-do-do-do.  Boooo!  The bride was so disappointed.  I'm giving this two stars because I was impressed by the outdoor patio/pool section. It had a nice ambiance, but of course, we had to leave our table reservation with bottle service to get there.The hop-hop room was so crowded, stuffy, and sweaty.  To top it all off, there are endless stairs!This club is overrated!
5	FUN TIMES! First and for most you have to be somebody or know somebody to get in, very hard to get it, but worth the try. Being V.I.P and having the best table in the club made this experience that much better. The club is pretty small as far as the dance floor, but if you have a table that shouldn't be an issue. There is a swimming pool and mermaids swimming in it. We had the canopy bed table so we had front row seat to see of them swimming. GREAT, BEAUTIFUL, AND CLASSY
4	Went to hear Fatboy Slim and Chuckie at the dayclub on Sunday Sept. 4th. Had a blast! The crowd was fun and lots of people dancing! Its better than other dayclubs Ive been to. There are mist areas and lots of shaded areas. drinks were good and cold! security was not as uptight as other clubs. got in quick after picking up will call tickets. not much room to move around but fun!!
5	I take back everything I previously said... go on a night that your favorite dj is playing and you will have the best time of your life. Amazing!
5	Holy Jesus, what an insanely amazing club this place is! For starters let me say this: if you are planning on going to the uber-hotspot Marquee on a good night (in my case, it was a Friday), you must plan, plan, plan your night out. Was in a party of 5 (2 girls, 3 guys), but had a hookup from Brandon Grady. Bless, you sir. Got there at 10pm on the dot and glad it wasn't a moment later. Beware that there are several different entrances to this club. There's a line if you're an all-girl party. There's a line if you bought internet pre-sale tickets. There's a line if you're on a guest list. There's a line if you're ordering bottle service. There's a re-entry line. Blah, blah, blah. Like I said, plan it out so that you're not wasting time.We got in the guest list line and made it to the cashier/elevator line section within 5 minutes. I don't feel like I should have to mention that there is a dress code here and guys should not wear sneakers or they will get rejected, but...I saw this happen to at least 3 guys, so I'm mentioning it.Cover was $30/guys, $20/girls with discounts if you're a local. Once we exited the elevator, there must have already been at least 600-700 people inside the club. This was at 10:05 pm. Have I mentioned you should have a plan when coming here?Love the outdoor pool area. Love the music, although I will say that the dance floor got extremely claustrophic. I wish it was a bigger area. Love the hundreds upon hundreds of scantily-clad beautiful people. Let me say that again: I really enjoyed looking at the hundreds of scantily-clad beautiful people. Drinks are your standard Vegas prices.Of course you can order bottle service or a cabana, but with so many people in the club, I don't see the point of paying $1,200 for a table when you'll have people bumping into you and stepping on your feet while you sit there. The cabanas look like they afford a modicum of privacy/exclusivity.Have to give a shout-out to the two girls who put on mermaid fins and got in the pool around 11pm. Mermaids are awesome.Love this hotel. Love this club. LA has absolutely nothing like it. It's like a club on steroids! Highly recommend.Trust me; I'm an Elite. ;)
4	Wow I cannot imagine this place when a well-known DJ (which is almost every other week) is playing at the Nightclub here.  This place is packed and packed and PACKED. The lines to get into the club are ridiculous--to be more specific, it's the line for those who have contacted promoters in advance.  Which means there is barely a chance for those who are not on the Guest-list to even make it inside. Sorry about it. One of my favorite moment was the elevator to get to the club after going through security.  They totally make you feel welcome and the bouncer completely turns the light grumpy light off and gets ready to party on with us as we enter the club level.  This place is a little bit confusing to get around if you have already pre-partied before this or starting to get intoxicated from the moment you enter the place.  There initially are a lot of different areas to dance in, but depending on the crowd mass some dance areas might just turn into standing around area.  Outdoors is great because the view of seeing the Strip was gorgeous AND there are couches to rest in! This is quite rare! Finally, to exit this place I felt like I was walking into a Cosmopolitan hotel room...very discreet and smooth getaway, loved it.
5	This place was ridiculous. as in....great. My first pool parTAY ever definitely went out with a "bang".The staff was great. I have ZERO complaints. The drinks were fab, although I kept my minimum to Veuve Champagne.  I loved the DJ, and may have cursed out of love that he was spinning DeadMau5 AND Adele. Not simultaneously of course. We also ordered some pizza and fries, the fries were hot(taste) but the pizza was good. I also ordered a pitcher of frozen lemonade with vodka...WOW. At the taste of it, I dropped my glass of Veuve and didn't look back to see if anyone was hurt by the glass. After about 6 glasses of Vueve and other misc. drinks in my body, I felt safe to step into the pool that now had over 80 private parts bumping and grinding to the fab DJ.The only complaint I have, which is by most....why the EFF do we have to go down an escalator while highly inebriated? Most of us are half naked, and because of this, luckily we are not snagging any jewelry, undies, or shoe laces. I'll be back, I mean I AM sure they will want me back. A pretty penny was dropped there, and without hesitation. Great time!
5	This is for Marquee Nightclub:DJ Chuckie was spinning, so you know it was crackin' already!The Cosmopolitan Hotel is, hands down, my favorite hotel on the strip. It is ritzy, it is glamorous, it epitomizes Las Vegas hotel beauty. As you make your way to Marquee, you'll be mesmerized by Cosmo's chandelier bar; you need to stop there and grab a drink before going to Marquee. You won't want to waste 30 minutes ordering drinks once you get into the club, trust me.Everything about Marquee is unreal, but amazing: the lights flashing everywhere, the music booming (all you hear is pounding bass!), the go-go dancers, and all of the secret passageways to the different dance rooms. The main dance floor spins House/Club/Trance, and if you don't want to squeeze your way in, you can forget about dancing in there - it gets packed. In the "library" they spin Rap & Hip-Hop; it's called the library because there are book shelves along the walls. [If you can find it], we also went up to this semi-catwalk area where we had a view of the entire main dance floor! We ended up dancing out on the rooftop terrace because our friends had a table, it was cool because there was a DJ spinning outside too! We had a beautiful view of the Vegas lights' skyline and saw some girls swimming in the pool, like completely swimming in the pool in their dresses. I guess they forgot they were at a damn club? You are literally enveloped by the music, and it's no wonder, the entire sound system cost $2 Million! Now isn't that worth a listen?If you are going to Vegas soon, you MUST go to Marquee, no questions, just GO.
3	Giving this place a visit was wayyy long overdue. We were all on a friend's guest list. Due to unexpected complications, we didn't get in line until a little after 10pm. So very long story short: Make sure the person who's name is on the guestlist is with you when ur getting in. The girls barely got in, and the guys had to pay. I had to tip the doorman a bill for the guys to just get in and still pay the cover.Lesson learned: Pre-order tickets or get in line way earlier.There's many different levels and sections. Think Tao Club on steroids. It was so crowded that I didn't get a chance to explore and see everything. I only got to see the bottom floor, which seemed crammed and not impressive, and the level with the main pool patio area and the main dance floor. I'll take Brian C's advice next time and get in earlier so that I can actually walk around and check the full venue out.When we were at the outdoor pool area, it started to rain. Great - it was already packed but now everybody was scrambling to get out of the rain to get in the already crowded insides of the venues.The place was PACKED and beyond poppin, and in my honest opinion, I think in terms of being the most popular/desired nightclub, Marquee takes the cake in Vegas. As for the outside pool/patio area, XS still holds a strong edge.So yeah, I think due to the negative circumstances, I didn't have a great first impression of this place that most people seem to have. I will definitely give this place another try someday soon and hopefully it'll be a little better.Cliff Notes: Humongous venue, and even a humongous-er crowd.
4	Nightclub-FunSeveral rooms playing different musicSuper packedKind of annoying to get in after 10:30 pm& that's all I remember!Dayclub-AMAZING!Never pay for daybeds uWe got two hours of free open bar and three drink tickets- PERFECT:)Fun crowdGreat musicYou won't want to leave!!
4	Marquee is the IT club at the moment in Vegas and the sister property of the original Marquee in New York City. It's nicely done but with a few kinks to improve. The location of the club and the entry lines were a bit confusing:If you're entering from the ground floor, you have to take the escalator up to the second floor for general admission and table reservations; If you pre-sold tickets, you have to go visit the box office on the ground floor, then go back up on the third floor to get in. There are suits with directional signs indicating where you should go based on the type of arrangement you have (does not help however, when there are thousands of people trying to get in). We got there around 11 and got in quickly(thanks J!).  Once you're in the club, you have to climb about 12 flights of stairs in a fire escape-esque hallway (could've at least painted a posh color!). It was miserable as most of us ladies are already in uncomfortable heels. I would say this is the biggest flaw of this club. I understand not putting in elevators (due to capacity issues); but I'm not sure what kept them from putting in a few escalators in this tier 1, multi-million dollar Vegas establishment.The main dance floor isn't huge but it opens up to the outside area. Big LED screens and tons of attractive people so dress to impress! The outdoor area had tables with tubs (which you are not allowed to use), bars and gambling tables. The bouncers weren't very friendly as they were shoving everyone to "move it along" despite it was dead obvious that the place was way too crowded to move at your desirable pace. We did not visit the other two rooms because that means we'd have to brave the stairs again. Not going to happen in 5" skyhigh Christian Louboutins and I'm pretty sure the in-sole's probably already covered with my blood from the initial climb...Shout out to the lady working the bathroom with those $10 a pair Old Navy flip flops. Genius business decision.I would only visit Marquee again on a less high-profile weekend. Labor Day weekend was incredibly packed to a point where it was uncomfortable. They also had some sort of strobe light going on which I thought it was going to give me a stroke or something. Should've pulled a Jersey Shore and wore my stunna shades inside!
4	Finally went to Marquee after hearing how it's is the new "in" club in Vegas right now. The venue is big and nice and it was definitely crowded.Marquee is more known for their house music, but there's a small section where hip hop is played.Getting in wasn't that bad compared to the other clubs I've been to in Vegas. Our ratio was more guys than girls, but we were able to get in at the discounted price of 25 bucks. Not bad at all.I'll probably have to come back since Marquee is the new belle of the ball,  but if house music isn't your thing, you might be better off heading over to XS or Tao.
1	Horrible!!! We had 15 girls with us for a bachelorette  party, we got in just fine, got our stamps, first of all, who's idea was it to make us all take stairs? girls in heels....stairs, not a good thing. I hadn't had one drop of alcohol and walking down, I fell and caught myself. Seriously. We were told by a promoter to get our hands stamped then come back later because we could drink for free at Haze until midnight, so we did just that, we left went to Haze and had an AMAZING time, came back with 2 other girls who's flight was delayed because of the san diego blackout, we tried telling the bouncers that because they didn't get their hands stamped like us, he was a COMPLETE ass and said $20/girl. I grew up in Vegas and know that girls don't pay to get into clubs, guys on the other hand haha sorry. So after trying to be nice and figure it out he yelled to go to the other guy and pay $20 but then he looks behind us and saw 2 girls who DIDN'T have stamps, and let them right in. Needless to say we left and got some other girls to leave as well
3	It wouldn't be a vegas nightclub if there wasn't a long line. I go to every club there expecting a long wait. To top it off, I'm a dude(girls don't know how good they got it). We are treated like peasants, tossed around in different lines from upstairs to downstairs, getting cut by groups of girls or "VIP groups' that just tip out the bouncers to get in. The left side of the entrance, people crowd up like animals waiting trying to get the bouncers' attention like dogs waiting for their treats. This place is a hierarchy. Friends of bouncers, people with money, and girls get in. Everyone else, the average joes just wanting a good night in vegas gotta pay a ridiculous amount of money, wait in line 3x longer, and literally get treated like crap.I remember walking in line with a 3 of my male friends. it was already 1am and there was a small line in front. Right as I hopped in, he told us to, quote me on this, "GTF" out of line. No explanation, just get out. -_-After three different visits to vegas, I finally managed to get in because I was part of a cousin's group that lived there, and they had friends. The place definitely does have it highlights, but I wasn't blown away. I had a better time at XS to be honest. Also, if you happened to not workout your legs the week you go, don't worry. There are plenty of flights of stairs to get them quads fired up.Nice entrance, okay inside, not good for groups of guys. Bring girls, wad of cash, or make friends with people there to get in. Just my two cents. :)
3	This review is only for the day club.  I should start out and say I was there on a Sunday.  This being said I was pretty underwhelmed by this place.  I had high expectations but they definitely weren't met.  Don't get me wrong I had fun, but I usually have fun wherever I go in Vegas.  The crowd was small, the vibe unexciting and the music was ok.  I did like the set up.  I guess in the future rehab is the place to be on Sunday.
4	Don't come here expecting to dance. The dance floors were extremely packed. There was even a fight that broke out where a girl shoved another girl into my friend who ended up with a sprained ankle. Other then the very crowded dance floors this club was my favorite this past weekend. The bartenders were fast and very friendly. The security was very prompt and girls got in with no problem. Boys had to pay $40 which is not bad considering that lame Tao was charging guys $50. We were planning on coming to the Dayclub but it started to rain very hard w/ thunder and lightning. I was kind of bummed but I rather be bummed then electrocuted. Other than that, this place was so much fun!!
4	Definitely the nicest night/dance club I've ever been to - energetic DJs, three uniquely designed floors of swankiness, nice bartenders, and an awesome night view of the City Center towers from the rooftop pool area. Yes, it's not cheap, especially if you're a guy - I spent 45 bucks to get in and that was already with a slight discount - still, I thought the experience was worth it.   Everyone here is pretty well dressed and there's definitely a lot of room to move around without feeling too squished, unless of course, you're near the dance floor. You'll probably find hip hop on the bottom floor, house music on the larger middle floor (huge awesome screen btw), more alternative sounds on the smaller and library-themed upper floor and more popular music outside the middle floor - as I said, all the floors are really well designed. Drinks, not surprisingly, are priced like any other club/bar. I do have to admit, I probably would've given this place a better rating if it wasn't for the exit - you have to go down a good three or more four of stairs to the first floor - I think this is pretty much a safety hazard if you factor in people who have had a bit too much of drink or girls who are wearing heels (take them off ladies). The irony of taking a nice elevator up to get into the club only to come down through a bunch of stairs was not lost on me - just sayin'!
5	So, I flew up on Sunday for Labor Day weekend for a quick getaway and to catch up with some friends. We got bottle service outside Sunday night and had a chill time. Keep in mind, the atmosphere outside is totally different than inside at the main dance floor. Sunday was a good time but nothing crazy. Then comes Marquee Mondays. I have never in my life partied at the same club two nights in a row. Met some girlfriends for dinner at STK and they were set on going to Marquee for the night, while I had plans to hit XS (previously my favorite Vegas club) for Afrojack and Skrillex.   Of course, the ladies got their way and we ended up at Marquee, again. IT WAS INSANE!   DJ Chuckie started off the night and got the place going, then Benny Benassi gets on the decks and kills it. It's 3AM and this place is just getting hot....LMFAO and the PartyRock Crew come on and this place goes ape shit. You know you're in the right place when Will.I.Am is high-fiving you for spraying Veuve all over the crowd and Paris Hilton is dancing to your left with her hands in the air like a stoned, high school senior. People that dont like this place.....go somewhere else. The music is the best in Vegas (resident dj's include Kaskade, Avicii, Dirty South, ATB, Benny Benassi to name a few). If those names don't ring a bell, again....go to another club. You'll probably catch on in about two years.   The energy, light show and sound system in this club is top-notch compared to any club in the country. The staff was nothing but courteous and willing to help with any request our tables had. The crowd was unbelievable as well. Beautiful people everywhere just getting together to party hard. Tips that you should already know (but I'll re-iterate anyways):1) Don't be a jackass at the door. That won't help your chances. 2) Bring your money and be prepared to spend it. You'll have a much better time, I guarantee it.3) Tip well. It's good karma and makes you look like less of a douche.4) Bring a group of hot ladies with you. Again, you'll have a better time.5) BE READY TO PARTY....you won't be disappointed.Again...I've never gone to the same club two nights in a row. We spent more time at Marquee over our 48 hours in Vegas than we did in the room and I would gladly do it all over again.
4	Bottle service girls are extremely sweet and fun (along with being sexy and scantily clad-duh)! This place is great because its indoor/outdoor. Expensive drinks- obviously. Crazy ass lines to get in...definitely get aggressive and don't even waste your time waiting in the actual line. I don't think I've ever seen anyone actually get in via the line. Or, maybe just go baller style, get a table and forget all the door issues, and walk in with your own personal chauffeur/security guard :)Always great lineup- have seen Above & Beyond, Gareth Emery, Dirty South, Armin Van Buuren, Cosmic Gate, Aviici, Kaskade, Marcus Schulz...just to name a few. Best club in vegas by far-for the moment! 5 stars for the nightclubAs for the day club.....Y-U-C-K. I'm sorry, I know some people love the day parties, but I really just cannot STAND them. No matter if it's in the nicest club or not, its still gross. Cracked out people who have great bodies, but huge sunglasses covering their faces (warning- DO NOT ask them to take off the glasses- they cover their faces FOR A REASON!) The pool is more of an oil bath as opposed to a water hole (eeeughhhh nasty) and FILLED with people who can't move an arm. And even though we reserved a table with large bed/chairs, things were STILL crammed, and people were so rude they must truly enjoy invading personal space. The only plus was watching the many girls wearing pumps (serious 6 inch heeled shoes) and bathing suits...hilarious. Pair that with the juice heads pouring drinks all over themselves and you've got quite a circus show
1	THIS PLACE HAS BEEN ON THE TOP OF MY LIST OF CLUBS TO PARTY AT.THIS PLACE GIVES ME A HEADACHEThere are like freakin' 4 separate lines, how the f are you suppose to know which line you're suppose to get into. Even the staff are confused, they sent my friends on a wild goose chase and had them going up and down the stairs. THE STAIRS OF DEATHWhen we walked in, we walked in to find that we have to walk up 3+ flights of stairs!! DO YOU KNOW HOW HARD IT IS TO WALK UP THAT MANY FLIGHTS OF STAIRS IN 5.5 INCH HEELS???? When we got to the top, we were ALL out of breath and my calves were on fire (it was worse than the stair master)!! SWEAT DRIPPING EVERYWHEREThe first floor we went to was the ever so tiny hip hop room, be prepared to have people wipe their sweat all over you because there isn't ANY room to dance. It was almost impossible to maneuver your way around the dance floor, you either had your elbows in somebody's ribs or somebody else's elbows were jabbed into your ribs. Also since that room is so freakin' tiny, it's hot as shit in there and you know what that means..EVERYONE IS DRIPPING WITH SWEAT. And what do they do when they walk by you with their sweaty asses, they wipe it all over your skin and clothes. GREAT THANKS! I wish they had a bigger hip hop room because that was just ridiculous, if not pitiful. UNCE UNCE UNCEThe house music area/ floor was a lot bigger and is outdoors and wasn't nearly as painful as walking through the hip hop room, thank God because I was irritated at that point. What does more room mean? It means there was more room to dance but not a lot of people were,  most people were just standing around and I believe we were the only group of people who were actually dancing (and I don't really like house music too much). O.o CONCLUSIONBOTTOM LINE, I'M NEVER COMING BACK HERE EVER AGAIN.
4	This place is a full on shit show from the moment you step into the Cosmopolitan (in a more bad than good way). I still haven't decided how I feel about Marquee but I'll go ahead and like it for now.The negatives (and they are HUGE negatives):- MASS chaos on all bagillian levels of the Cosmo that have entrances into the club. Follow the mob of hundreds of people on the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd floor trying to get in. It's so ridiculous that the club actually hires people to stand with signs that have arrows pointing people in different directions- table service that way, promoter lists this way. Like a bad amusement park. Once you actually get into the line you belong in, you realize you're a million miles away from the front door. FUN.- the layout of the club irks me so bad. Okay, so it's obvious the people over at Cosmo have a ton of $$$ and can afford to create a hot club but DAMN can we say huh for a minute. For a club so huge, the dance floors are STUPID small, like oops, we forgot to put in a dance floor! Let's slip one in here. Thousands of people and you want me to dance where?! And the club is a maze. Which floor is wha? What's around that corner? I've been a couple times sober and still got lost. The layout just doesn't make sense to me. The positives:- tons of big name guest DJ's. IF the DJ that night plays your kind of music expect to have a badonks night. If not.. well.. find somewhere to sit. Like on top of their trashcans. (No joke. Don't judge.)- it's pretty freakin gorgeous outside. I love the outdoor space as much as XS's. Mini-pools, strands of lantern lights dangling above, an amazing view of the strip.. it's so sexy. I wish they'd carried the same thought inside.- the crowd is really cool, not necessarily the most diverse, but surprisingly laid back. And since the club has so many different rooms and patios it's easy to start conversations with people and score free drinks. Kidding!!!I've been on both the bottom and the top of the club door hierarchy - no hookup, got there late, trying to stand in line, all the way up to promoters, getting there butt early and table service. What I've learned: No hook up? No table service? Skip Marquee. It's DEFINITELY not worth the wait. Otherwise, go ahead..I mean sure, why not?
4	beautiful club, beautiful outdoor area with plenty of hidden spots to sit and chill, rockin music in all 3 rooms (Boombox =  hip hop, Library = hip hop/mash ups, main room = trance/electronica). i agree the stairs and lack of diversity in the crowd are huge minuses.  stairs to get in after a certain time, stairs to go to a different room, stairs to find the bathroom, stairs to leave.  wear flats ladies!  it's just not worth looking *cute*.  sure pain is beauty- don't kill your feet here, seriously.  i'm all about a diverse crowd with a mix of all types of pretty people.  i'm no way racist (hell i'm mex/spanish so how can i be?!) but it seemed like there were lots of asians.  where was everyone else on a Saturday night???they truly have something special here, but the layout is crap.  small Boombox room makes for a hot mess, literally.  if you still want to check it out:*get on a guestlist or get hooked up for a booth*get in line early, like 9pm early, and save yourself a migraine from line confusion*wear comfortable flats*bring a flask, buy $4 sodas all night, and fill up (if you're on a budget)*again, get there early, dance your ass off, then keep it moving to a new spot once the crowds hit*sure you can get a booth, but prepare yourself for overflow from the dancefloor
4	One of the newer trendy clubs in Vegas.  I liked this club a lot since there was so many areas to venture around to.  They have a indoor, outdoor, upstairs and downstairs area.  If you get bored of one type of music, just move to the next room.  If you are feeling hot and stuff, just go outdoor by the pool area.  There are plenty of bars to get drinks at as well.  The only downside is cover for guys here is a bit more expensive than other clubs.  Even with guest list the cost was $50.
4	Had an awesome time.. Place is my second favorite club in Vegas... Musics good, nice set up.. Really like the outdoor setup.. Unfortunately havent seen the other floors, but im sure theyre good.
4	I've been here 3 times in the past weekend and all the times produced different experiences:Friday night: my 4 girls and I were walked into the nightclub by a Marquee promoter and it was quick and easy. The crowd was an OK crowd overall since many people were just wandering around, hanging out and not much dancing. Chuckie was performing that night so we were excited to see him but he didn't perform until 12:30am. I also checked out the hip hop floor with a friend and it was really crowded and stuffy though :( OVERALL, 3 stars Friday night.Saturday night: my group of girls and guys went out with a speedy entry and the crowd was definitely filled with party people. We had a friend with bottle service in a cabana so everything was poppin, especially those bottles. 2 AMFs that night at the bar costed $30 so be prepared to front bills if you don't have bottle service. Arty and Rider performed that night so it was definitely a great night. It was a 4 stars type of night.Sunday afternoon: my girls and I were guestlisted in the dayclub pool party and we got in for free as well as open bar wristbands for free well drinks from 11am - 3pm. We arrived at 11-12pm and it was alright since not a lot of people showed up. We got to hang out with another party people group and got the party started dancing in the pool and mini pool stages but we were suddenly kicked out since someone of the other group was caught smoking a blunt. We were escorted out by security since they assumed we were all one big party group that came in together and that pretty much ended our dayclub but they pretty much kicked out the lives of the party. I would give it a 4 stars while we lasted lol
5	Best nightclub in Vegas. Great DJ's and beautiful scenery! What more can you ask for? This place by far got the best music out in Vegas.
3	Only went clubbing here once... Totally open to coming here again! :)The one time I was here, it took forever to get in. Felt like we were stuck in the same place in line for a long time. It was during EDC weekend and it was DJ Chuckie's birthday there that night sooo I know there must have been a lot of people, but there appeared to be some disorganization regarding the guestlist.The layout of the club was confusing, with its various floors and flights of stairs.  It was super crowded. It sounds like a good idea to have different floors, but honestly it was a bit chaotic. I don't remember getting to spend much time on the dance floor at all.
4	Not a big house fan. So knowing that they play mostly house, trance, electronica my friend and I decided to check this club out at 3am, after our pizza run.Walked up the front, told them we were staying a Cosmo, they let us in for free. We were super hyped since we didn't have to pay or wait. Felt like a rave in there, we jumped on to the dance floor and started fist pumping like no tomorrow!Nice club, really big, but crowded. I don't think I could stay there all night. I would also be super irritated having to fight the crowd getting in especially since it's not my kind of music. But coming in late and partying til dawn without cover or a wait works for me!
5	Here's my 2 cents on the hottest club in LV. The rumor is true this club is off the hook! The entrance is welcoming. It's on the second floor if you don't stay at Cosmo you'll be using an escalator going up from 1st floor and on the way up you can hear the music bumping, jamming. There's that anticipation and you feel the energy coming on. The closer you get you can hear the music getting louder. You're ecstatic, customers who was a bitch at work is behind you, the break up you had that too disappeared... hahaha ok maybe it was just me. But you get the point :)We always get a table. It's ridiculous waiting in line. There's usually at least 6 - 9 of us so it's not too bad. The line for a table is much faster. I think we waited for 10 mins. If you don't have a table easily 90 minutes wait, and if you're bunch of guys at least 2 hrs wait. And if you're bunch of Asian guys you won't get in. Forget about it. If you're reading this on your phone and you're a group of Asian guy waiting in line, just leave and blow your money on the poker table.You can take off your wife beating tank top and wave like a white flag you won't get any sympathy. They don't want you. Yes bro, they expect Asian dudes to have moolah. Without them lettuce you ain't shit because you'll just dirty the club. That's the way it is. Yeah it sucks! It's not you, it's you without money and they want money.We always call a promoter, Stephanie Tran, I think. We always get the table outside by the pool. Some time later mermaids come out for a swim. So with the table you get three bottles. So usually two vodka bottles, and a bottle of Silver Patron to jazz it up in case you had a really bad week or your wifey is cheating on you and you're in denial. LOL Also, you get a super hot waitress to mix you drinks. Heck she even take shots with us. Plus you get a body guard, Jameer. Some girls like to sneak up on our table and chill in our area. What do you do? "Yo, Jameer see them girls we didn't invite them. You know what to do right?" "Yes Sir, I'll get right to it." And with a blink of an eye they're being escorted off! Dude there are some girls who just come up and straight up tell me to pour her a drink. Yeah she's hot but so what. I just tell her, "Yeah, no problem and turned and chat with my buddy, 'Lakers are not in sync this year right?!" Sorry, I give very little respect to those girls who think men are suppose to roll a red carpet because they have a pretty face/body. Blahhh, you got nothing to do with it. It's in your DNA.But if you're nice, fun, and carry a big smile and tell me things like you're working for a research company hoping to find cure for HIV and you used to work for Robinson May folding clothes I'd be totally in to you. Heck even if you don't just play the role. It shows that you're down to earth, care for humanity, and ambitious. All attractive qualities in a woman.  Trust me my Asian peeps. Get the table. If you're gonna roll at the hottest club go big. If you're a penny pincher you won't have fun here. It's worth it! Let the lady be the cheap ass. You roll big that's the only way to do it especially at Marquee.Recaps:Best club in LVGet a table it's worth it! Can't get a table? Don't even go you'll waste your time waiting in line for 2 hours. Then you'll complaint the club sucks because it's crowded. But in fact, you're pissed off that you had to wait for two hours.Nice added entertainment: personal security guard, mermaids, go go dancers. But not any go go dancers. They're blind folded in a red see through scarf and moved at the same time. And when the dance floor is exploding with energy comes from the sky are bunch of silver confetti. People just go nutsss!!! Our table by the pool was a minimum order of $2,000 plus automatically added gratuity and tax of $400. There were six of us so about $400 each.Right I could get a LV wallet with them lettuce, but who cares you're in LV live it up!!!
3	this place has stairs that are literally about-to-get-molested-in-an-alley-way type of stairs!! they're so dark and run down and overall really kills a good buzz. recap, i was really excited for this place and my group of 8 even decided to limo it there from our hotel, that's how excited we were. we got there and we were on the guestlist, but of course the guestlist line is just as long as the general admission line. we waited until all our buzzes were gone and we were still waiting. standing in line sober isn't exactly fun. when we finally got to the front of the line, of course girls got in free and i think guys had to pay 20 or 30 bucks, i can't exactly remember. but once walking in, me and my girls headed straight for the men with bottle service. got a couple of drinks down and decided to head for the dance floor. this is where things got meh. the music wasn't all that great on the first couple of floors, so we made our way up those ghetto ass stairs only to find the music to be equally mundane. then we heard about a hip hop room, so we made our way there and i actually really liked the music but it was ridiculously packed. marquee should really take note of where the people are headed and try cater to what everyone obviously want: hip-hop/top 40 music. none of this shitty transition trance/house music they were trying to do. i mean i LOVE house/trance music, but marquee just didn't have it down. towards the end of the night, i was not very satisfied and decided to just eat away my pain. thanks marquee. thanks for nothing.
4	DAY:See through jacuzzis. Go go boxes on the pool surface, drunk madness, beach balls - get there early or expect a wait. If you got there too early they have iced coffee from a can which was good. If you don't get there early, get a cabana. Pre-book your VIP chairs because day-of was more expensive. The hostesses are pretty and hot but not that friendly.NIGHT:Tuck your Dr. Scholl's in your purses ladies, those stairs are no joke, even sober. And there are more stairs to get to the pool level. The rooms are fun and awesome. The bar in the boombox hiphop room seemed the least crowded. And there are some benches and tables in the middle of nowehere if you need a seat to rest. We got to hear ATB!!! I would come shake my butt off here again - day or night.
4	A bunch of my friends have been playing in Vegas these past few weekends, so my withdrawals have led me to write reviews while reminiscing :'(The first time I went to Marquee Nightclub, I was not impressed. I heard a lot of hype as it was the newest club at the time, so I had a lot of expectations. I remember naming my photo album, 'stairmaster night.' What the hell was up with the bazillion stairs and lack of access to elevators?! My feet hurt so bad and I felt sick from the drinks, I found myself wanting to leave by 1230A. The second time I went, things didn't improve much. I was used to the stairs, but made the mistake of trying to meet a friend. The different levels and multiple bars were so confusing and everything was so crowded it was impossible to find people.It wasn't until my third visit that my opinion changed. I made a point to go to Marquee the night Roger Sanchez was spinning and I had an amazing time. Granted, I didn't use the stairs as much and mostly stayed on the main floor with access to the pool outside, so maybe that impacted my experience. But this time I was able to appreciate the large space of the dancefloor and beautiful environment of the outside landscape. It has amazing lighting and plentiful tables and cabanas as well...a girl's best friend :P And maybe it's just me, but due to the difficulty and high demand of getting in, I feel like it filters out a lot of creeps. I've had few encounters with weird or gross guys at Marquee, which is such a nice relief. So overall, even though I had a bad first impression, I'm always open to second and even third chances, and Marquee definitely won me over. I can't wait for my next visit!!
5	i've been to the night and dayclub but the night part is very very vague so i'll keep this review about the dayclub. SO MUCH FUN. love the dancing blocks in the water..it looks like you are walking on water in lots of the pictures. the infinity pool/spa things in the cabanas are also really cool. im a big fan of how there are 2 pretty decent sized bars as well. the bathrooms were kept super clean the entire saturday afternoon which can't be an easy feat. kind of a bummer how you can't bring your drink into the water but that's my only real complaint if it's even a complaint.
2	When my friend told me that she got the hook-up to Marquee, I was ecstatic. I was thinking to myself, I am going to the hottest club in town! I am so lucky!Contrary, to my belief, this club is just not that. Sure, it is located in the newest casino, yes, we were able to bypass the long lines and go straight in w/o waiting. However, once we're inside the club, things went downhill...The flights of stairs! I believe we had spent more time walking up and down the stairs than on the dance floor. The small dance space! Couldn't even dance at all as everyone was packed in there like sardines.The female bartender in the hip hop room was a total b*tch!Held up 3 fingers asking for 3 shots of Remy and broad came back with only 2. Told her that she forgot one and she told me to wait.We were there for a total duration of maybe an hour max and we took ourselves to Drai's.
3	Yay I finally got the chance to visit the famous Marquee. Aside from the cool interior, this place still maintains the regular assholeness of any other club in Vegas. In actuality, that feeling is elevated because the place is so "in" right now. The staff (doormen, promoters, everyone) pulled a rope-a-dope on us when we went so this adds to my distaste. Got in touch with different promoters who promised us different prices for "getting on the list" which I should add is absolutely useless btw. Some promised us $100 at the door, some $65, some $45. When we got in, the doormen cut the amount of people in my group by half on a whim and told us if we didn't like it then GTFO. But we were already in line, and everyone had been assembled - THEY KNOW that WE KNOW that we couldn't go anywhere else. ...it's a seller's market bitches...Any way we got to the door and ended up paying $80 just because they said so. The highest cover ever for a club - pretty sure I got scammed. Assembled a higher girl-guy ratio for nothing. It didn't matter.The interior was nice but as everyone says, they cram way too many people in here. It was super-packed on the dance floor. Couldn't move. The pool area was aight. Met some douchey groups though. The billiard room was small and kinda pointless in my opinion. All in all, I wouldn't come back unless it were free. It's the typical "screw you out of your wallet" mentality here, and they have every right to do it because you're a guy and they're the hottest club in town.
4	I sooo wish I had the chance to go to the dayclub but the nightclub is still lively and fun.But I have to comment the dancers performing during ATB are ahhhmazing. I think I focused more on them than dancing at one point. Even though they don't do much and there faces are covered that is not the point. The little dancing they do is good nonetheless. And I loveeee seeing ATB. He's always on a good one and he actually djs for a long time.Marquee does it right again and I always leave with pain in my feet and tired, but always ready to do it again the next night.
5	This is definatively my favorite club in Las Vegas..the music, the lights, the crowd is amazing!! My friends and I had an incredible time..drinks are overpriced but worth to have them here than in another nightclub! loved this club! (For the chaos in regards to the entrance see my post below, even though that happened my friends and I do not regret paying to get into this club)
5	I've been at marquee in 3 opportunities, this club is a Truly "Wow Factor," that has changed entirely Las Vegas nightlife. With 62,000-square-foot, ultra high-tech, 40-foot LED screen, located in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip. This multi-level venue has Outside a pool area inspired by Tao Beach, if you're in vegas, you must visit marquee, you wont be disappointed.
5	Saw LMFAO here and one of the highest energy, best vibes I've ever been around.   Usual line douchbaggery but once inside this place is currently #1 in Vegas.  Who's going to knock them off the top?
5	Marquee (sigh).  Just when I thought that I knew what the epitome of partying was, you go ahead and tear the roof off that upper limit.  I was there on Saturday and Kaskade was DJing.  My friends and I had a table in the Boombox room, and it was insane.  Everybody in that club was going insane... Compliments to our Bouncer Dave, our waitresses Amy, and Brad at the front door.  We got into Marquee within 5 minutes, bypassing everyone in the table reservation line even.I can't say that table service is going to guarantee a good time because the table next to us was quite bored in comparison to us.  Partying is a function of your own group's energy... the rest of the pieces will fall into place if you got that down.  Marquee can help you achieve greatness.
4	I'm sure this place is packed and poppin' every night, but on a night where Kaskade is spinning, it can turn into a zoo. Not that this is a completely bad thing because like a zoo, you can see many types of people doing things they shouldn't be doing. But who cares, its Vegas!Being on the guestlist is great because you skip the lines and for us ladies admission is free. Don't worry fellas, you guys get in at a discounted price.There are multiple dance floors depending on what type of music you're feeling. Second floor for hip hop, third floor for house. One thing that bothered me was how hot and stuffy the hip hop floor was. Turn on the AC please! Other than that I had an epic time dancing the night away to Kaskade!
4	Marquee is a stunningly beautiful club that has a lot to offer! However, as with many nightclubs, there are things to complain about.Firstly, the stairs. It's a common gripe, I know, but it's seriously a pain. It's a fancy nightclub that girls will undoubtedly wear sky-high stilettos to, yet there are so many flights of stairs! Secondly, the hip hop floor is so small! I like it when clubs are popping with some good hip hop music, but I really don't want sweaty faces smashing against mine while I'm trying to bust a move. Thirdly, it can get so crowded that the bouncers literally tell you where you can and cannot walk. Especially when there is a famous DJ spinning on the floor that plays house music, you have to walk around the dance floor while the bouncers direct you away from running into it and jumping up and down with your hands in the air like you had intended to. Despite my three complaints, Marquee really is a beautiful club. The decor is stunning and its sheer size is impressive. Beautiful club, beautiful people.
2	There's no doubt in my mind that this is a pretty club with an excessive amount of pretty people. It's obviously the hottest club in vegas because it is the newest. The layout isn't really the best because it can be hard to navigate in and out of the club (esp when inebriated). The two stars is for the ambiance, good music, and awesome promoters.The reason for my negative experience was Lilli. Blonde bimbo bartender w/fake D cups working the bar on Saturday, Sept 18, when Kaskade was playing.  At 11:26 (I still have the receipt), I wanted a round of Henn shots for me and my 5 girls. I asked her nicely and noticed she poured up some Henn Privilege. (I ordered the same round of 6 shots from Gabrielle earlier and was charged $84). I was curious why the Priv but sometimes they run out of the regular Henn and give you the Priv. No problem. She rings me up--$102. I said "wait, I just ordered it and it was $84. Why is it 102?" With a whole bunch of attitude, she says "It's 102." Lilli didn't bother to explain that she poured up the Priv. Obviously, this felt to me like a dishonest way of overcharging her customers. THEN, I asked for some iced water for a drunk friend. Lilli pulls a Voss water and starts ringing it up. I said "wait, i just want tap water." She doesn't look too happy and takes it back. She starts filling two cups of water, saying "Water back." And proceeds to only provide 3 cups of coke back. After throwing down my money, I couldn't even get her attention to get coke back for the other 3 girls. With her poor customer service and sneaky ways to overcharge, I left quite unhappy.  Look, I'm not stupid, I know how much shots are in Vegas. I definitely know the differences between regular Henn and Henn Priv. And if you don't serve water at the bar, effing say so.  Bars should serve water to rehydrate patrons so they can sober up and drink more. BTW, if you can't even smile, be nice, and be honest, don't expect a tip. Management, if you're listening, you should fire Lilli. Find another blonde with fake tits who can actually leave a positive impression on your customers.
3	Review just for the night club.Been here twice and I've got a bit of advice, bring a change of shoes if you are like me.Ladies, this place is full of stairs. No effin joke. And not the carpeted nice ones through some pretty well designed hall way or anything .. they are the 'coming in the back way, metal' kind of stairs. Last time I went, we had VIP entrance which was cool cause we didnt have to wait in line.. which is always lovely. The bathrooms are almost a whole other mission to get to. Place is super crowded.All in all, I WON'T be back. There are way better clubs in vegas that are less work to get to.
5	The hottest nightclub in Las Vegas!! I been to this club twice since this past summer a had back to back incredible nights. The views of the Vegas strip is truly amazing which XS and other clubs don't offer. Anyways I got to the club early with my boys from ordering tickets online which I strongly recommend for guys. I was able to meet some cool girls who hook it up on free drinks since girls drink free open bar to 11. The girl to guy ratio was around 4 to 1, and the dance floor was pack. The women here are sexy and were not stuck up at all. Your game has to be really wack if your a guy and cannot meet a girl here. The environment and music put everyone in a great mood to have fun. I would definitely come back to this club to party.
3	Gorgeous space indoor and out, but the whole stairs thing just kills it!
4	Marquee is the best club to open since XS and a welcome addition since Haze and Vanity pretty much flopped after high expectations. I love the main room minus the tiny traffic ways. That shit just gets annoying! The outside pool area is where I spend most of my time. It's the tits! The only reason I didn't give the venue 5 stars is because of all the fuckin' stairs! Seriously, I don't like them when I'm wearing my chucks so I can imagine how miserable it is for drunk chicks in 5 inch heels!For ladies they have a guestlist so you won't have to pay cover but be prepared to get there ridiculously early. For guys get bottle service or prepare to rot in line. Then again, that's pretty much the standard in Vegas with nightclubs.
5	This club is awesome... Now every time I party in Chicago (home) I think the clubs are lame and small... Out friend hooked-up with free admission! However, be prepared to pay $14 per drink. Drinks are vert strong so is kind of worth it, I had three and I had enough. The staff is not very friendly, so I recommend to get your drinks from different bars and not tip them well... They do not deserve it! Going to the bathroom or different levels is challenge. People here are very chill and extremely good looking... I made some new friends from France and Sweden. If you can get in for a discount or free, do go here. You won't regret it.
2	3 floors, outside pool area, tons of stairs....COVER:Friend's promoter hooked my girls and I up (bachelorette party) with VIP tickets so we didn't have to pay for cover or wait in line. Otherwise I'm sure cover is the regular Vegas price of $30 and beyond...  But you know girls can get in free nowadays.   So if you can find a connection, do it because it's not worth paying cover to get in here.  Drinks are the usual $15 bucks and up for a small glass.  Cups if you're outside.VENUE:Like Miss Vanessa said, this place is like a maze getting from room to room.  There's tons of stairs.  Carpeted stairs inside and these metal stairs in the back you have to walk to get to the floors.  Um who designed this place?  Lawsuit and disaster waiting to happen,  I was just waiting for some wasted chick in her 20 inch stilettos to roll down the stairs and eat it.  Actually it would be like 10 girls since they were all holding each other walking down haha  I wish I took a picture!  Anyways, security let us use the elevators at the end of the night heading out....thank gawd.  I will admit the ambiance and decor is beautiful.***Top Floor:  lounge area with pool tables.   Didn't get a chance to go up here.***Middle Floor:  Ok sized dance floor and a patio that opens to a small pool with swimming mermaids.  A bunch of VIP areas but not a lot of "free" seats.  Got stuck here since the bottom floor was so packed.  A**hole security kept telling me and my girls to stop leaning on the VIP chairs when it's so obvious other people were.  Also told us if we blew up one more condom we'd be kicked out.  First none of us were blowing up the condoms on our necklaces, it was the random guys who were grabbing it from us.......this is where I pull out the racist card.  Music was house/trance all night....dislike.***Bottom floor:  Tiny room playing hip hop beats.  Wanted to stay here bc of the music but the place is so small you're jammed up against all these bodies and can't move anywhere.  Sweat and smells everywhere. This is where fellas get their free grabs.  Dislike. Pain in the butt finding the bathrooms and I wasn't even drunk yet.  Dislike.ATTIRE:Dressy of course!If I had to pick the new IT club, I'd go with XS because the layout and music is much better.  Plus their security needs to get off his high horse.  Give me a break loser.
2	The club was alright, but I have a serious problem with the servers helping themselves to a 40 percent tip on the bottle service.  Use CAUTION when signing for anything as the servers cannot be trusted.
3	OK, so the hip hop room was great...but way too packed!!!! Great music. the only  thing is the STAIRS!!!! How do they expect intoxicated girls to walk in heels up and down the concrete stairs?? I really dont know what would make me go back... The bottle service was OK and the weird puppet people at night were pretty cool...but the stairs : (
5	Marquee is in competition to be one of the top clubs in Vegas. There are many places you can hang out so keep in close proximity with your group or you may find yourself on the dance floor all alone! -- 2 dance floors! House and hip hop (my fav.). Both get ridiculously packed though :/-- Plenty of outdoor space to smoke, relax, converse.-- Table AND cabana options-- Buy a PRESALE TICKET before you get to Vegas. I guarantee you'll have a much easier time getting in-- only catch is, you HAVE to go to Marquee. Can't change your mind and decide to go somewhere else once you get out there.-- Very often do they have guest djs on their main dance floor.-- You may want to purchase some ear plugs ;)
4	I get why this is one of the top clubs.  Great music, great vibe, hot people, outdoor space.
4	Yes, I paid $50 and walked up 5 flights of stairs in 5-inch heels in order to dance on a VIP section table whilst Avicii was DJing here on a Saturday night. IT. WAS. AMAZING!!!!!! Minus the fifty bucks and all those stairs. Other than that, so, SO worth it (and worth the blisters, too). Also a pretty nice view from the top of the Cosmopolitan.
4	Never went to nightclub before in Vegas, so my review might be bias.  (first time Vegas trip).My friend told me this place is smaller than many clubs, but to me it's still fine!  I like their out door setting, even though not a lot of people on the day I went.  I mean it was not as crowded as I thought.  I expected everyone's skin stick together. (eeww...)  So I actually pretty glad there was not a lot of people.I had a good time there!
4	This place is definitely growing on me, the only thing keeping them from getting 5 stars is they need to get rid of those horrible stairs! Who wants to walk up and down 100000000 flights of stairs when you're drunk and wearing 5 inch heels?? NO ONE. Anyways, Marquee is crackin I must admit. Came here a couple times and the music is on point. The hip hop room is growing on me, but it's so damn stuffy down there. Main floor is the house floor and that's where the crazniess is! They always have good DJ's spinning like EC twins, Dash Berlin, and Dirty South. Marquee's Dayclub is also a ton of fun. The layout and location is awesome... who doesn't wanna party in the sun and have water fights on the very top floor of the Cosmo? Can't wait to venture here again :)
4	This is probably the best club so far in Vegas. I'm a Vegas veteran and I can tell you, out of all the clubs, this is by far the best one. I was JUST there for Dirty South on Friday September 30th and the crowd was amazing, the music was amazing, and the atmosphere and design of the club is just ridiculous. 5 stars if drinks weren't so expensive! Not a biggie for me though, since I was up from craps! :DMake sure you check out all the levels of this club. It's got different vibes and you will appreciate the design as well.
4	Nightclub!!! Went during the night Kaskade was there and it was packed!!! Literally our bodies were touching the person next to us. Definitely claustrophobic status. You could not make your way throughout the club without being pushed around. This club had an upstairs and a downstairs. The downstairs played all hip hop and the upstairs was where Kaskade was at. I loved the outside with the pool. Unlike XS I don't think you're allowed to go into the main pool because they had mermaids swimming in it. But you could go into the little pool all the way in the back since they did have some seats and cabanas out there for people to sit on.If you get on the guestlist and arrive by 11 you get in for free (only applies to the males). Ladies are always free. If males arrive later then 11, then they pay $50 just like all the other clubs in Vegas. So males get there before 11. :)
5	If there are two things that I love in this world, they're house music and girls.  Not necessarily in that order.  Marquee always gives me what I love, so I in return, love Marquee.While it can get packed around the dance floor area in the house room (I've never even been to the hip hop room), hang out towards the back near the doors to the outside and you'll have a little bit more breathing room and room to dance.  I've never once felt too confined this way, but yes, the dance floor can get crazy packed; what did you expect from one of the most in-demand clubs though?I've been here to see Kaskade, Chuckie (x2), Dash Berlin, and Arty/Kryder...not once have I been let down. Pro-tip: Always buy presale! It'll save you a TON of door drama! You have to walk up the stairs of death, but only to the hip-hop room, from there take the elevator!
3	I really thought Marquee was ehh-okay.  Why? Let me try to keep it simple and short with three things. One. I thought that the nightclub was not diverse enough... at least not the time I was there. From waiting in line to being inside the club, I noticed there were many cliques. It's either groups of all Asians, groups of all girls, or groups of all guys. Two. These "groupies" were either standing around someone's reserved table, lounging outside the pool area chatting, smoking, and watching people dance, or too many groups of girls were just chilling inside the ladies room for whatever reason. Three. I pass for house music. I was there about two weeks ago on a Sunday night. This nightclub deserves three stars because DJ Vice was great. Despite all the rumors about $25 or more for cover charge, the bf an I got in for free. And, I got a wrist band for free drinks. After all, Marquee is popping for being one of the newest nightclubs in Vegas now.
5	World class DJ's, outdoor/indoor, Vegas .. enough said!
5	Oh my Marquee OMG. This club made my Vegas experience very...vegas. Haha. This review is for both night and day club. We got seriously hooked up by one of my friend's friend Christine. Best promoter EVER! Went there for Saturday nighclub. We got the VIP hookup so we got to go in the shorter and much more scenically pleasing line on the floor with beautiful pools. Got in, alright ready to party!This is a really nice venue with places to chill inside and outside. 3 floors with different genres of music. Hip hop first floor, House second, R&B third. Hip hop was...soooo crowded. I actually got hives because...I'm not quite sure why..the air? the sweat? Anyways, it was hopping. House isn't really my thang because I like getting down rather than fist pumping BUT the EC twins were performing that day and they were FREAKINNGG awesome. Really cute and just great energy. It was a fun fist pumping night. The drinks. I generally as a rule don't drink at clubs because I don't like to dance too slizzard, so I didn't get a drink. My friends got some and they said it was SUPER expensive. Drink smart, drink at home. The guys. There were guys offering drinks. Doing the creep thing, but generally it wasn't too bad. It was too crowded really to be super creepy on the dance floor....although there are the few exceptional one...but they exist everywhere. Generally a good night. It was more crowded than I usually like it, but pretty awesome nonetheless.Now...Dayclub...effed me up. Two dangerous words in vegas: Open Bar. We met up with Christine and a group got a cabana? day bed? at the club where there was free drinks and food. In addition to that, there was open bar. So naturally, we wanted to take advantage of that. Lemonade Vodka. Two second most dangerous words in Vegas. Between the 3-4 drinks, freaking delish blueberry mojitos, and patron shots, I had a bite of calamari and some berries. Yayy 1 PM probably and I was super drunks. I remember a jacuzzi, taking pictures with friendies, lying down on a bed floating in water, waterfall.....bathroom floor. :) Really awesome bathrooms. While I threw up the little food and abundance of alcohol in my body, my friend met the EC twins outside. Sigh. So lucky. Either way, not quite sure how I made it home, but that experience (with the help of trying to eat a buffet after) kept me barfing til 5 am. WHOOOOO. That's Vegas baby. :)
4	Got here a little late like, 3am. No need to wait in line, we already had our night set up.  Didn't get the full on experience because it was so late, but what I did get...I liked!!! Awesome DJ's...beautiful setup.  Bit crowded of course, but lot's of energy and tons of fun!!!Dash Berlin, EDX, Hardwell, and Black Jerrell!Like em on Facebook to get all the latest info on lineup and announcements!BTW:  I have no idea what people are talking about with 1000000 stairs. We took an elevator up and a cool glass elevator on the way down all the way to the bottom floor.
5	Another great Vegas night at Marquee. This time I got to stay for the whole night (past 4:30am) and it was so much fun!! I got to walk around and explore a bit more. There's a DJ in the back of the pools that I don't remember seeing before. Also the main floor had burlesque dancers performing above the DJ (markus shulz on a sat night), but not sure if that's a regular thing now. They were entertaining nevertheless. Tip: If you want to dance on the main floor, you can squeeze yourself in to the front of the DJ booth cuz there's actually dance space!! The front side corners have the most dance space. I love it. And they burst cold air in at random times--quite a chilling surprise!! If you're lucky, you can get a foam light up stick to wave around. They also did a lot of confetti drops throughout the night...the only annoying thing at the end of the night was trying to peel it all off your heels. All in all, I like it better now. And I didn't even drink any alcohol! Maybe that's the secret to a good Vegas night. hahaha
3	Super overrated.I got a pre-sale male ticket so that was cool since I got to enter at a different part of the club and there was pretty much no wait. All the online pre-sale ticket holders go in the same line (boys and girls). I paid $20 for this ticket--legit.Anyway, the entrance that I went into was basically like emergency stairs of a building. It was pretty funny watching people walk up these metal stairs--especially since they were wearing heels. Clink-clank-clink. And this wasn't like 15 easy carpeted steps, it was like 4 flights with about 60 steps total. Yes, you will be tired when you get to the top and yes you'll be like, this isn't Vegas at all. Maybe the main entrance is grand and amazing like other places I've been, but this was just terrible. XS has an awesome entrance where you're greeted with the whole club. Marquee is just like an old low-celing hotel.The pool area wasn't even that nice. I feel like it could have been designed better. At XS you can see the whole pool from everywhere and the design is clearly better for the eyes and the mass movement of people.I was in the hip-hop room most of the night which was too crowded and the whole dance floor was just people walking through. I went to Haze the night before and it was more fun than Marquee.The name Marquee doesn't even sound like it's going to be cool.Anyway, I guess it's worth coming here but you're not missing much. XS is still probably one of the best places I've been to in terms of design, aesthetics, and overall clubbing experience.
3	Marquee is pretty hot. I would've given it 4 stars, but the place is so teeny and gets packed pretty fast. Finding the pool was a challenge (as I didn't realize the Day Club and Night Club were one in the same), but once there, it was great! The bartenders are pretty fast with getting you your drink order and they're friendly. The vibe of Marquee is awesome. The music rocked. Drinks are on the pricey side (of course, it's Vegas).... coming in at $14 per cocktail on average. The pool itself is pretty small in comparison to others, so be warned that if you want to get int he water, go early to stake your spot. Also, seating is not even an option. If you don't have a cabana or day bed, you'll be standing the entire time. There's not a lot of room to move around, so expect to be a little cramped.I'd definitely come back... if I had a cabana or day bed.
5	This place is absolutely beautiful! They have this awesome photo booth that takes outstanding-looking pictures. The view is amazing of the newest hot spots in Vegas!  Indoor/Outdoor option was PERFECT! Because music bumping everywhere. They have a ridiculous pool outside! Each cabana-like bottle service tables had individual hot tubs.The go-go dancers are hot but not really dancing.. two steps don't count ladies!Drinks are obviously pricey -- can't change that fact. The music was like house music BUT they were remixing good hip hop songs. We didn't stay long because we had planned a night to hit up two other places..so we got their early. for close to 10 PM -- there were a lot of people. The somewhat dangerous stairs, in heels, can be a pain. You only have to take em if you got the hook up ;P
4	Just threw my brother his 30th birthday party at Marquee even though I've never been there before. It was well recommended by my friends and little brother. At any rate, great venue! There were no overwhelming huge pools like XS or Surrender, but the vibe is nice. It's a huge place with different floors and rooms for all types of music. Very up beat, great indoor/ outdoor space. Didn't break the bank to get in. Would recommend presale tickets to avoid long lines.
1	Don't like this place at all. We made the mistake to go there at a holiday weekend. It is super small and gets pretty packed and the worst is they still let people in when there is no space to stand or dance anywhere. I know that the security there is doing their job, but when you get in you follow a hallway and if people in front of you are blocking the way and you get pushed out of the way by security then you regret having paid 50$ for guys and 20$ as a girl.
5	Seriously the best club I have ever been to in Vegas. Only Ibiza can top this one. I won tickets to see Dirty South here and got hooked up the rest of the night. Even if I hadnt I still woulda had a great time. I love that there are different rooms but also an outside pool area. My go to stop is usually XS or Surrender but I am so excited to come here again. I dont see how people are saying its super small. I feel like there was so many different places to move around and explore. I didnt have a problem with the stairs either. I had 4 inch heels on and I wasnt complaining. There is an elevator but then again, I dont remember leaving.
5	I dont know why people are giving this place a low star review. Im from San Francisco and i had one hell of a time while i was in vegas.Marquee was SUPER crackin on saturday night. Maybe it was because it was the I-heart-Radio weekend but im pretty sure this club is always crackin. After the long wait in line (swag status if you have bottle service) you take an elevator to get into the club. Its basically as good as it gets in Marquee. There are 3 floors to explore, all unique. The floor that you get off on is the main floor which they play electro, techno, and dubstep music. The upper floor is called the "Library" and when i went up there, they were playing some nice oldies mixes. Theres an outside part to the club which is REALLY nice. There are tables for gambling and the Dealers were women. The bottom floor is the hip hop room and that room was  CRAZY. Girls were hot. The room was hot and crowded. Go Go dancers were hot. EVERYTHING was hot. Advice if you're planning on going here:- GUEST LIST GUEST LIST GUEST LIST. guys, you dont want to pay 90$ for cover charge. Girls get in for free. go figure.- PREGAME. well this is a given for any club you go to. Drink a little before coming here cause the drinks are pricey, as in any Vegas Club. But if you're ballin and you have no problem buying rounds of drinks then go ahead.- if you're a guy, GIRLS GIRLS GIRLS. Make sure your Guy to Girl Ratio is GOOD. if not, then you'll probably have to wait or not even get into the club. Ive seen a group of 5 guys not get in because their ratio sucked.Just make sure to not have any worries, dont worry about how you're getting back to the hotel, dont worry about your problems back home, just DONT WORRY and you'll have an amazing time here. Its vegas. Whatever happens in Vegas stays. Or ends up on Youtube. PS: and if you do happen to wake up someplace thats not your hotel room, then congrats. Cause thats what i did. haha. Cheers!
4	When it's free, everything seems that much better. We got in on one of the LMFAO nights and it was awesome. What a way to end your vegas trip. I like the unique feel of each room, especially the library where you're not bumping elbows to get a drink. I still prefer the layout of XS, but it's always cool to see the designers of these super clubs push the boundaries of creativity and above all else, giving people a great party atmosphere.
5	Got completely hammered, had the best time, lost my phone...and they had it for me the next morning. Thank you!!!!
4	I came here with a group of 14 girls for a bachelorette party. Luckily we didn't have to wait in the extremely long line. We were unpleasantly surprised to find that we had to walk up way too many flights of stairs in heels. For the most party, however, this was the only thing we didn't enjoy.  It has a few bar areas, including one outside by the pool. The outdoor area was amazing and it was nice not to be in a sweaty club the whole night.For the record, the hot tubs surrounding the pool by the cabanas are purely for decoration.. they do not like it when you dip your feet.
5	So there we were, last night in Vegas, failed bachelor party (failed for the groom who bailed, WIN for us 'cause we had an awesome time) pretty much burnt out from walking the strip and being hung over. While grabbing a delicious meal and a few drinks at Shake N Buns in the Cosmo, I notice a line forming outside. Our bartender informed us that it was the line to the Marquee Nightclub.With money left to burn, I figured this would be a better option than gambling it all away. So $50 a head and five minutes later, we were in!I got off at the hip-hop room. A small nostalgically appointed space, but nice. I don't know who that DJ was, but he had a great ear for classic hip hop! The library area was really more my style, but it was empty when I made my way up there. Being the uppermost area I witnessed what seemed like scores of high-heeled women wobbling their way down the dimly lit staircase grasping on to the handrail for dear life! Mildly amusing.The main floor, had some kind of house techno thing going. Again a nice space, however the music there wasn't really my cup of tea.The outdoor pool area... very very nice and really crowded. Perhaps the best place to get bottle service in my opinion.After about six Blue Label neats, plus the two Glen 12s and a glass of absinthe earlier all I remember was I managed to spend the whole night there, danced with a group of lovely ladies from San Fran (happy birthday Ms. White Dress whoever you were), met a nice cougar from out east, chatted with Bouncer James at the outdoor stairs leading to the pool area and totally fell in love with my bartender Jennifer who was working the hip-hop room bar (I always get attached to my enablers). All in all, from what I recall, good times, great decor, great music (I salute you Mr. Hip-Hop Room DJ) and friendly folks out for fun. I'm definitely coming back.
5	it is on e of the hottest night clubs in las vegas . If you are wanting to now how to live it up in the city of sin this is it.
4	Review of DayClub.First time at the dayclub and armin van was spinning and it was crazy...the water of the pool is heated...the atmosphere and everyone around was really fun..i think cover charge was $20 when i went but it was so worth it..i didnt order a single drink here..so i was on a good level of pregamming..until next time!
5	Marquee is the hottest club in Vegas.  May well be the most successful new club in America with the kind of volume they have done.  I had the opportunity to have an amazing table/booth next to the dance floor inside on Monday night.  It was rocking.  Music and energy was jamming all night.  The outside pool area was a site to behold.  This is a place for beautiful people to see and be seen.  I highly recommend it if you are up for a major club scene.  Just make sure you figure out how to get in.. the line was around the corner when I left... oh, and it is not cheap.
3	Oh oh oh... The talk of Vegas. Marquee.My friends and I were here for a night to celebrate a friend's birthday...We arrived semi-early and saved so much time being on the guestlist; and having more ladies in our party than men. Ladies got in for free; and our boys had to pay $25 each.We went through the maze that eventually led us to a bouncer, who escorted us in our own lift to the CLUB.it was a WHOA... It's like a mini hotel turned club. So huge. So spacious, you could literally panic if you lose your group from the whole mass of party-goers.Our feet were itching, our hips were about to bust out...we had to dance..we saw the first dance floor and mixed in with the pool of body sweat and hair flips and booty grinding and arms lifting and crotch kissing. This area played House music/Electro/Techno so it was FUN getting hit by all these bright strobes of light bouncing off the disco balls and the walls.. BUT... I was so concerned with my skin toned satin platform pumps I couldn't bang out like these drunk happy people. Maybe i wasn't too drunk yet.Moving on, we sort of stood and walked around the outside area wherein, you see the strip....Amazing View... Then we took some stairs down and found the hip hop room... Aaah. if you think the House Room is packed. This one is eeeven more packed.And the bouncers here are mean. Like they're some bomb diggity ballers.At Marquee, you oughta be prepared to spend lots on alcohol. I mean. Paying about $32 for 2 shots.And Ladies... buy some Dr. Scholls and put them in your shoes. I swear it helps. There's a lot of stairs in this club. so Yes. Wear comfy pretty heels. Or. JUST SUCK IT UP.The Library room is pretty chill. The servers are dressed like Librarians (duh) and they're super nice. You can play pool, listen to chill music or, go to the balcony and overlook the club downstairs while you light a cigarette.Overall, It's pretty fun to experience what the new big thing in Vegas is... But... I'm afraid it'll be so over-rated and it'll lose it's classiness.Coz i think it's almost there.
4	Marquee is probably the hottest nightclub in Vegas right now and it is due to a few things - it's the newest club on the strip located at the Cosmopolitan Hotel and so with being new, everyone wants to go and check it out. It is also being run by the Tao Group (who also own Tao and Lavo - in both Vegas and NY) and they know how to run clubs. Overall, I think Marquee is a nice club, but sometimes does not live up to the hype. There are 4 different areas you can party/dance/hangout/drink. The main dance floor area is where all of the action is but is overly cramped - way too crowded for me to enjoy myself and so I find myself exploring and hanging out in other areas of the club. There is the Boom Box room where they usually play hip hop and the Library room which is more chill and not so club like. The outside area (which is Marquee Day Club during the day) is usually where I end up (mostly because that is where my table/cabana has been lately). The vibe is always going on at Marquee and it is always crowded - be sure to go early if you are not getting a table/bottle service and be prepared to wait. You can get pre-sale tickets online through their website and that is a very good idea especially on long weekends or nights with big name DJs.The pool parties are also very good and a lot of fun and sometimes I enjoy these more during the summer than actually clubbing. Nevertheless, another great addition to the nightclub scene in Vegas.
2	Waiting in line for 2 hours on the guestlist on a monday night is epic fail.  I am dumb.
4	Dayclub Review:My first time at a real vegas pool party went like this.  Wake up in OC at 9am, drive to Vegas at 10, get to the pool area by 1:30pm and it was hotassballs (not a real word).  I really do not understand how these chicks walk around comfortably in what I can only describe as dante's inferno wearing HIGH HEELED PLATFORMS.  C'mon girl, keep it real... your face is melting and your thighs are chaffing.Drinks were about $14, so be warned, savor your ice cubes in your drink after the liquor is gone.  Each cube is a dollar.  There's no place to sit and it eventually gets soo hot you feel like you might sprawl out and die so you gotta psyche yourself up and talk yourself into entering the overly packed pool.  The DJs typically play house so you can imagine how house dancing looks like in a pool with a bunch of drunkards.  Good times.  At the Marque Dayclub they let you splash, which I learned will get you a stern warning at Encore's beachclub.  So when the beat builds in a song (think fist pumping) everyone starts splashing like 5 year olds... kind of fun to watch, not be a part of.  Needless to say I was drenched, imagine that, entering a pool and being slightly upset that you're drenched from head to toe in what is possibly pee pee water. =/  I got out of the water and noticed a divide at the center of the pool, people were trying to push something white from one side to the other and vice versa.  I looked harder thinking it was some chicks panty liner... but, nope.  It was a flippin tampon.  Yes, TAMPON! Oh Lord Baby Jesus, WHY!? *raises hands to the sky*  It was even a brownish color at the tip.  I threw up a little in my mouth after realizing my face was wet from drunk people's pee and a vajayjay blood. :(What does one do in a situation like this... take out her Amex, head to the bar and double fist alcohol until everything in the world is okay again.Why the 4 stars?  Because I had a blast laughing my ass off and retelling this story.  Sometimes the bad times make the most memorable best times. (Deep, I know... unfortunately not quite as deep as that girls escaped tampon)
5	I think I've gone to house music heaven. And no, it's not just because of all the stairs you need to climb to get in! hahaOnce you finish up your calf workout, there are 3 different options you can choose from: a hiphop room on the first level, the main EDM music floor on the 2nd level, and a 3rd level skybox where they have dope views of CityCenter, Aria etc. Lineup here is always poppin, as more than any other club in LV this place was built and designed for EDM. Top 100 DJs like Armin, Kaskade, Avicii, Gareth Emery etc. all have residencies here or visit regularly. The Funktion One sound system(it matters!), lighting, smoke, and confetti all combine into an out of this world sensory overload that everyone should experience at least once in their life. Here, you are the music, and the music is you! untz untz untz untz Hands down the top club in Vegas(maybe the world) right now. Just thinking about this place gives me mad withdrawals lol. Can't wait to come back(real soon!)
4	Great people watching, lots of pretty people here. Bottle service is the only way to go, however they have some of the pricier bottles on the strip, averaging about $475 per bottle depending on what you order. No different than other clubs as far as "greasing" goes. Find a host, slip him $100.00 and start negotiating from there for a "good" table or booth and how many bottles you will need to order. DJ's were great spinning some awesome tunes. Our server was excelent and earned her gratuity, she was never more than a hand wave away when we needed something. I will definetly go back to Marquee on my next Vegas visit
4	This club is absolutely beautiful with beautiful people! The music is amazing, the outside patio is gorgeous, the bathrooms are trippy, drinks are made very well lol. Why only 3 stars? Unless you have bottle service get ready to dance like sardines, get wet from peoples sweat, have guys grab you when least expected. Thankfully when I went to Above and Beyond, we met the owner of the club, hooked us up with bottle service. Let me tell you LEGIT!!!!!!!! now I got the hook up everytime so next time I'm in vegas I'm sure my review will turn to 4 stars hahaha Oh and I love the fact that women can get in free and the 50/50 guy girl ratio.
5	Best night club in Vegas IMO.  The lighting and sound system in the main room upstairs is insane.  Even when you're outside in the pool area connected to the main room the sound system is legit, it sounds like you're still in the main room.  In the outdoor pool area it's great to look up and see all the lighted hotel towers above you while partying on a rooftop.  Anyway there are plenty of bars placed around the upstairs floor to the point we didn't have to really wait for a drink.  The price is the norm for Vegas night clubs ($15 for goose and tonic), and the staff is friendly.  Love this club.
4	My husband and I went there for the Halloween ATB party. It was our first time at Marquee but we really enjoyed ourselves. We are both a fan of ATB so we were super excited to see him perform and the party was amazing. As far as the location goes, oh man it was crowded. It was crazy on the dance floor, but I kind of expected it to be like that. It was a Halloween weekend and they had a world class DJ there. Tickets were $80 for hubby and free for me (local lady). ATB came out around 1 am, so we had time to warm up on the dance floor.
1	I've never encountered such rude bouncers and "managers" at any club. The way they talk to girls is out of line. Don't bother buying "VIP tickets" because it doesn't mean anything and you will still end up waiting in one of the many lines. If you're looking to wait in a huge line with no organization, then this is your spot.You're better off going to XS or Pure...or any other club in Vegas, really.
2	If you are in Vegas to have a great time, then skip The Marquee Club and head out to one of the other "upscale" clubs.  If you are in Vegas to satisfy some checklist of stuff that you saw on the travel channel or celebrity gossip, then your purpose is obviously different, so proceed...but ye be warned.  Personally, I went in with no expectations but still came out utterly disappointed. Pros:Packed with peopleExcellent bottle/table serviceMultiple dance floors with different music genresGreat view of the StripCons:Packed with peopleRude bouncers, door people/security, and managementVery long lines for everythingI went to The Marquee Club without knowing a thing about it.  We had VIP table reservations, so I figured everything was going to run smoothly, until we got to the Club.  There were nearly 500-600 people waiting in one line and another 300 waiting in another - I thought it was because we were early and the doors weren't open, but it was actually because the Club was already full.  The longer line was for people without table reservations: they let you in when space opens up (slim chance) as "standing room only" for a hundred dollars cover.  The shorter line was for people with table reservations: they have limited number of tables so you have to wait until one opens up, but at least you're guaranteed to get in. The club was packed with people - sardine can tight.  It was impossible to find a place to dance on the dance floors, let alone walk through them, and a lot of people ended up dancing in walkways, near the fences, and other odd areas where they could find enough space to move around.  Some people danced near a chain link fence without even getting a sniff of the dance floors.  By the way, there is no place to sit if you don't get a table, and drinks are expensive.  Only when I'm on vacation will I think that spending four thousand dollars on a bunch of bottles is justified - just to have the convenience of couches and an area to dance.The best part about the Club was the young lady responsible for taking care of our table.  She poured our drinks, got new chasers for us, flirted with the guys, took a picture with me, was completely pleasant, and looked like a model.  She more than earned her thousand dollar tip because her customer service skills were off the chart.  The worst part about the Club, aside from it being completely packed, was the attitude and actions of the door people, bouncers/security, and management.  Considering the amount of money people pay and the expectations they have, you cannot hire thugs with no regard for customer service.  These guys wear suits, but they are little more than bullies on the Club's payroll.  In all my experiences, I have never dealt with a staff that was so rude and blatantly disrespectful to paying customers.  The bartenders are too busy running around getting drinks to even offer a smile... a shame considering the cost of a drink.I'll list some of my random observations.  There were about 2-3 times as many guys as women.  Most of the people drank before entering the club to save money and hardly any of the guys were trying to buy drinks for the ladies.  Ladies who came in a group, danced in their own group.  There were a lot of guys just dancing by themselves or sneaking up on unsuspecting ladies.  There was nothing "upscale" about the clientele or the club, but you do have a very nice view of the Strip.  The really attractive ladies ignored everyone and sort of walked through the place trying to be seen.  I stuffed bills into a girl's thong after she flashed me and gave me a little dance.  Women relieved themselves in odd corners because of the lines to the restroom.  There are more posers than actual "ballers" but most of the ladies can't tell the difference.There was an incident on our exit.  One of the bouncers grabbed a guy in our group and called management on him.  They said that he had to be detained because he was too drunk.  We tried to tell him that we were on our way out, but he refused to listen to us.  Without telling us a thing, they grab him and take him to a backroom.  When the women in our group started asking questions about our friend, their guys actually threatened us and challenged us to fights.  So that you understand, our group was composed of managers on a little team building vacation, not young thugs.  After 10-15 minutes, they report that our friend was too drunk and that we were all being kicked out of the Club.  You're only in Vegas for a handful of days, so go to a club where you won't waste your time in lines or have to deal with a less than professional staff.  You will find the same crowd and overpriced drinks at the other upscale clubs but with less fuss and hassle.  If you're ideal club experience involves a sea of posers and the pretentious, then go right ahead.  It really isn't my ideal club environment/vibe, but I have to admit, you will see some crazy stuff at The Marquee Club.
4	LOVE this place!! Went for halloween weekend, and had a blast!! We thought the line was going to be crazy to get in, but it wasnt that bad we waited at most ten minutes but then again we got there early for anticipation of a long line. The place was packed, the drinks came out fast and the music was great! I really wished they had played some dub but techno is good too! I love how it has the areas inside and then the pool patio area outside!!! And the bathroom has a vanity area so you can fix up your makeup!! I really had a good time and definitely recommend this spot to people who want to have a good time!
5	I found my favorite club in Vegas!!!Especially when Benny Benassi is in the house. Multiple floors, multiple rooms, multiple cabanas to crash.Beautiful main room with big dance floor...by BIG I mean bigger but still small when everyone is crammed on there trying to dance. HUGE LED screen behind DJ booth, perfect for celeb dj to showcase their stuff.The cabanas each have their own little hot tub, but beware, many drunken asses have fallen into it so sit back and enjoy the show.Marquee also boast the hottest looking crowd so lots of eye candy moments....Get yer iPhone, BB, Android or whatever device you use ready to TRY getting numbas, plenty of dumb, drunken ass girls ready to let you have it.
5	I've been to Marquee Nightclub a few times since it opened and I like it there. I like the different rooms and the music they play. There's the main floor where they play mostly techno, a hip hop room and the library (I think that's what it's called) where the atmosphere is very chill. You can sit at the bar, play pool or, if it's open, go on the balcony and look down to the main floor.  Most of the time I don't wait in line, but one time I did and it seemed a bit unorganized. They have signs, but with all the people, you can barely see them so there can be difficulty finding where to go. Plus, depending on what time you get there, the lines can be very long. Something else I didn't like is how small the hip hop room is. When I went in there it was jam packed and I was squeezing my way through people the second I entered. The dance floor is packed as well. It's super hot in there. But, if you get too hot, granted the season isn't summer, you can step outside to cool off. Every time I've left Marquee, I never had the smell of smoke lingering on my clothes or in my hair. Nor when I walk through the casino. They keep the place well ventilated in my opinion. I also like how the pool area is open. My friends and I usually hang out and dance outside because we get too hot dancing inside and the dance floor is so packed you can barely move.
2	Yea so I've come back multiple times now.The lines have gotten a little better.. General admission & VIP / table service on the main level of the club, guestlist and presale tickets on the 3rd floor.Still don't really like Marquee though. Trying to dance inside is Mission Impossible and the outdoor area has no real dance space. Even while sober, this place is a maze of a headache.
2	Great club size, except I gave it a low rating because for the size of this place, the Hip-hop room is too small.  I'm surprised considering how large everything else is.  This place gets way too packed and then you can't go anywhere.   I was here for Halloween.    If you don't get there early or staying at the Cosmopolitan, only other way of getting in is to buy bottle$$$.
1	I feel like such an idiot. We went on Monday to Marquee and they had their VIP line wait while the club filled to capacity. 2 hours later (don't ask why we stuck it out, I still have no clue) the club did not honor the guest list because it was after midnight by the time we arrived.  So guys paid the special VIP rate of $40 and girls paid $20.Marquee is a 7,000 capacity nightclub, and there were probably 10,000 people crammed in. The VIP area IS the dance floor, but if you don't get a VIP wristband (which we did not, because we were after the midnight cutoff), security does not let you onto the floor. You're basically allowed to walk around the perimeter and go buy drinks. Felt a little scammed.
5	one thing i have to mention about this place vs. xs..... i was never groped in the crotch at Marquee.i came to vegas one weekend, and 3 times out of the 4 times we went out, was to this location. (nightclub-nightclub-dayclub)need i say more?big ups to Chhenchilla for always hookin it up!
1	The stupidest club in Vegas.This past Halloween event with Kaskade was by far the WORST experience I have had at a night club in Las Vegas.I think the people working the line do not understand what the term "pre-sale" means. What upset me the most was how the pre-sale ticket holders were forced to get in the same line as people on the guest list. We paid for our tickets ahead of time, so we deserve to be let in first. It made absolutely no sense to me why the pre-sale ticket holders were waiting in line for over 2 hours. It got to the point where my friends and I ended up leaving the line to try and enjoy as much of Halloween in Vegas elsewhere as we possibly could, in spite of how ruined our night was because of Marquee - the supposed best club in Vegas.We bought pre-sale tickets to another club that weekend, just as popular, and our wait time was LITERALLY 5 MINUTES. Our experience at Marquee was the absolute worst, unorganized, and time wasting event and we plan to exclude this night club from our future visits.
3	Must buy presale tickets at least 2 days before...$30 for guys, $20 for the ladies.Alot of rooms and levels to suit your needs!Bottle service way too pricey at $3,000.All rooms are so packed that you run into other dancers all night.Easy to get lost inside, so make sure you stick to your group or lady very closely.
5	I've had nothing but good times at Marquee.The first time around, I waited for two hours in the "Table Add-On" line. It was miserable... But I'm a pretty patient dude, and I had a good time watching obnoxious brohammers wave hundred dollar bills in front of the doormen and get shut down.Furthermore, by the time I got in, it was incredible. As luck would have it, I wound up at a dance floor table for Kaskade--probably an $8,000 or $10,000 minimum--that I didn't have to pay for. I realize that this can't happen to everyone--well, girls, it can probably happen to you--but I can only rate my own experiences.The second time, determined not to wait in line (and not buying a table), I showed up as soon as the doors opened... Literally. I was inside the club at 8:50 PM on the Saturday of Labor Day Weekend when Avicii played. I know what you're thinking, and the answer is: Yes! It was pretty lame waiting around for three hours for things to pick up. But in the end--just like with waiting in that God-forsaken "Table Add-On" line--it was worth it.BOTTOM LINE: If you're into house/trance/electro... Marquee is the place to be. Vegas has plenty of other fantastic clubs... But keep in mind that Marquee is the only one to be built with EDM in mind. All the rest were built when Vegas was still a hip hop town. The music, the lights, the smoke cannons... It all comes together at Marquee to make for an unforgettable experience. There's no better place in Vegas (America? The World?) to see your favorite DJ.PROTIP: Avoid the "Table Add-On" line at all costs. If you're getting a table, have your entire group show up at the same time. The thing about the Add-On line is that the people standing in it don't represent  new money... Your bottles are already paid for, and you're not going to the bar. In other words, there's no incentive to let you in quickly. Avoid, avoid, avoid!
5	This place is a must go to in Vegas. This past summer alone, I've gone to Marquee (Day and Night club) more times than I can count...I'd have to say this place is one of the top clubs in Vegas. Dayclub is always poppin'..I even partied there despite the fact that it hailed once! The boombox is hands down my favorite room in Vegas. Best hip-hop spinningg at all times. I looove this place
4	Came last week to see Benny Bennassi... it was insane and we had a great time!!  Definetly opt for the presale tickets as mentioned in other reviews, we were herded into the upstairs line and only waited about 10 min with other ticket holders before going in.  Bouncers were all polite and didnt give us any trouble.The club is just beautiful and the music was awesome.  Drinks were about $15 ea, and strong as hell, so we didnt need much to get a good buzz.  We danced our asses off... definetly try to rock the comfy heels, as there are many flights to the other rooms.  We will be back next time we are in Sin City!!
5	INSANE!I absolutly loved this club.! I go to Vegas every Halloween, it's turning into a tradition for me , big time. Halloween has always been my favorite holiday, being I am an October baby. Dress up, party with friends, haunted houses, etc I am a junkie for all of this.So it would only be appropriate to venture off to Vegas yet again for Halloween weekend. A week before the trip I bought a pre sale ticket for Kaskade @ Marquee Halloween night. And thank godness for this . I was on it Halloweent night, I did NOT want to have to wait in any atrocious lines. I actually went to will-call hours before the event, got my hard copy of my tick and I knew I would be G2G by the time I returned to party party.And it sure paid off. I arrived with my friend and her bf around 10 pm. I strategically did not want to get there any later.The set up is confusing. There are 3 or 4 different ways to get in .They sent me to the floor for presale. I literaly waited 5 minutes if that and I was in. Lost my friend instantly.This place is HUGE ..Its gorgeous inside of there and the audio system KNOCKS hard . After being there an hour or so, my bf decides he wants to roll through ... he calls me when he arrives telling me the line was off the hook long like in the thousands damn near....So I wont get into detail or blow our cover but I found a secret entry way up in this place. I was on a mission to get my bf in and I succeeded. Told him to meet me at this secret  location , he found me, we descended up some cutty stairs, him doubting ,me the whole time and BOOM I snuck my bf into Marquee =) I feel bad for all the people who said they had to wait for so long , because this sneak in was almost too easy. We had a great time , met a couple for down under and partied with them at their cabana. My bf isnt too into Kaskade so I ventured off alone to the dance floor when kaskade came on he threw it down...my biggest tip I guess for this club is buy presale ... and get there by 10pm.This isnt one of those vegas clubs where you can arrive at any hour and not have to stress about being able to get in, like PURE or something. In its hayday some of these still popular Vegas clubs were super hard to get into. But this is the new club and it supercedes anything else. I suggest wantickets.com , you can buy presale on there and you just go to will call and get your hard ticket. DOnt waste time in line .... time is money......... im in love with this place and I cant wait to return had the time of my life there !!!!!! =)
3	SO much better now that they have changed the entrance. The girls line used to make you hike up 5 stories of industrial parking garage-esque stairs only to make you hike up another 2 floors to the main dance floor. Now, they just make you take a random guest elevator to a random floor where you have to navigate through a freaking pool-side concert and up another flight of stairs to the promised land. So yay. I still hate the tiny dance floor that they close off access to, and the inability to even see the dance floor when the place gets crowded. If you want any room to stand and breathe, you have to go outside, which is quite suboptimal in the winter. Thus it is OBVIOUS that the same lunatics who designed TAO designed this place as well. No flow, no ambiance, no comfortable partying to be had. Back to XS it is!
5	went there this past saturday to see Erick Morillo and it was sick.  we got there right around when they started letting people in and were some of the first people to get into the club.  buy presale tickets because you get in a special line that moves super fast.  our girls were on a guestlist and we got in at the same time as them and were literally in line for like 5 minutes. drinks are expensive to either take a lot of cash or be ready to make a tab if you are a drinker.  we pregramed like crazy before going in and as a group of 8 still spent close to $1000 on drinks at least.  no idea how much AMF's were as my friend treated me to them since it was my birthday, but vodka redbull was $17, shots of patron were like $18, shots of captain were $14 (i would never take shots of captain, but the chicks we met up with there wanted it so whatever lol)the hip hop room is kinda small, but they play some good songs in there.  it gets packed, and my 1 complaint is that they did not play any LMFAO, but oh well, ill live.the main room which i guess is house is big, and that room gets pretty crowded too.  spent most of the night there and it was a blast.  the beats are good, and the vibe in there is really fun.  later when i was leaving i ended up in some other room that i have no idea what it was but that one seemed more house music and it was really packed in there.  when we first went into the club we went up to some room that had pool tables and overlooked the main dance floor and it was pretty cool there.from what i remembered, it was a great club, and from looking at the pictures on my camera of people i was taking pictures with, it must mean it was a great club.  ill be back there next month when i am in town again
3	this is a review for the nightclub.I was expecting better. its a different crowd then say tao and moon. it seemed to me like these "kids" (as i will call them) had never been to a club before. it was strange and my friends and I were over it quickly and booked it over to tao. I'll give it another try one day though, maybe have a couple more drinks beforehand.
3	I'm not rating the inside of the club, because we didn't go inside. I'm sure it was pretty and pretty expensive. So, I'll go with a neutral 3 stars.My friends and I went to the cosmopolitan because it wasn't there when I was last in Vegas. We found ourselves outside the club, drinking slushies, in jeans & hoodies.We saw a group of guys trying to get in (p.s. zero girls). One guy was wearing a burton striped hoodie, the other with a red t-shirt. We decided to stay to watch them get rejected and how they would try to make it in. Really, guys comin from out of state: 5 guys, ZERO girls,AND a t-shirt? Don't think so! Do yourself a favor and always go with a collared shirt and a grand or two for a table!and of course, the 2 guys that got rejected left by themselves, because their friends who were actually dressed appropriately for "THE place to be in Vegas" (per my friend who is a local) wasn't about to pass up going to Marquee.
4	Fun fun fun!! Lots of different rooms. Lots of good music. Lots of open space to grab some air. We bought pre-sale tickets so getting in wasn't difficult at all. I paid $30 for tickets for Kimmy K's b'day party. I don't think she showed up! Boo on her!!
5	I freakin love this place!!! It is immaculate in every sense of the word.  The main room hosts a huge dance floor and usually fabulous live DJs and music from artists like Deadmau5, Kaskade (I was there this weekend for his release party for Fire and Ice), LMFAO (gotta love my party rock Mondays for locals)If you choose to go downstairs right from the entrance there's a smaller club that boasts Hip-hop music.  As you enter you'll see a big neon sign that asks "Down wit O.P.P." yeah you know me!!If you choose to go upstairs, where the library is at, exists a more lounge chill scene, with a pool table places to cozy up and sit beside the fireplace and books.  The music up there is more classic R&B, which I dig.Outside where the day club is in the summer is open too as a mass dance floor with heating lamps to keep us warm in the winter and sometimes a separate DJ and music popping off too!  My friends got a cabana and table service outside before, I was impressed, very top of the line with the LCD TVs available, mini fridge and just overall service of the staff.Marquee has some of the NICEST bouncers and bartenders I've ever met.  For such an upscale place, their staff is very friendly and not dick-ish at all like you would assume to encounter.Nevertheless, I really enjoy going here on Mondays just to weed out most of the touristy crowds. The running up and down 7 flights of stairs is a pain in my ass, super long lines and waits, dumb tourists asking me questions about drinks and whether the wait is worthwhile, but with all that still one of my favorite clubs to go to.
4	I was super excited when I first heard of Marquee because Cosmo had just opened and it was glitzy and glam inside. I expected the same for Marquee, and it's pretty nice. I think XS is still more aesthetically pleasing, but you can still have a good time at Marquee.So the only WTF thing about Marquee is its ridonkulous amount of stairs. Y U NO HAVE ELEVATORS FOR LADIEZ?! Seriously?! I think we had to climb like 3 or 4 flights of stairs?! I'm prettty sure I saw an elevator for guys.. UGH WTF Anyway, the club is big, has a huge outdoor area, and a really nice dancefloor/stage inside (Kaskade DJ'd this weekend). My girl friends and I got in for free on a guestlist and proceeded to do a lot of mingling among the cabanas and tables. I like that there are many stalls in the bathrooms (this is very important to me when I go clubbing!). I was pretty buzzed so I can't remember every little details, but overall, it was a good time. Oh yea, it was $45 for guys since Kaskade was there, but I think boys can get a discounted entrance price if they're on a guestlist or take those coupon thingies from those shady promoters on the strip.
4	For a nightclub, this place was entertaining! I'm not a huge night club person, I kinda gave that up a while back... but kinda had no choice since it was my friend's bachelorette party weekend haha.. :)My very first table service experience at vegas! I can see why people do this; 1. you can take of your shoes off while dancing in your area (since you know it's clean) 2. Have your own bottle service set up and have our own personal bartender to make us drinks here and there, really friendly staff. Loved how we just got right into the club through the elevator in less than 10 mins or so. Great experience, good music (esp. when you're getting tipsy and totally feeling the beats) great atmosphere and with great people! :) We all had a awesome time that night! Just really expensive, of course that being vegas!
5	I don't think I've had a more fantastic time in a club than I did this past Saturday night, with Kaskade on the deck at Marquee. Of course, this has to do with a lot more than just the nightclub itself - a number of drinks, great company, and connections that allowed for the skipping of the massive line were all pretty hefty contributions - but Marquee had just the right vibe and space.Kudos to whoever designed the outdoor space: not only is it a pleasure to dance with a view of the surrounding hotels off of the terrace, but the lighting and layout is very well done. One can have a great time chilling in the Cabanas, and the table service seemed very efficient (and sexy). It was a friend's birthday, and the cupcakes provided by the club were delicious. Also, the music is just loud enough outside!Compared to the XS, which I went to the night before, the crowd was younger, more beautiful, and trendier. Of course this has a lot to do with the newness of the Cosmopolitan, the gorgeous bubblegum-esque interior decor, and that Kaskade was spinning. However it seemed like the entire hotel was designed with "young, trendy, and electronic" in mind. When Kaskade came on, my friend and I made our way to the dance floor, partying with everyone we came across along the way. The experience was absolutely surreal: the lights, KASKADE, the super-coordinated ballerinas dancing above him, and the fantastic music. If you need a breather, just go outside!This is definitely the place to be as of 11/11/11 =)
3	After hearing that this is "THE" best club in Vegas, I had high expectations. Even though we were on guest list, we had to wait FOREVER to get in. And there were two locations to get into the club and we wasted our time waiting in the wrong line. Then we wasted time getting lost trying to find the other entrance. Once we got into the club we had to walk a RIDICULOUSLY number of metal stairs. CLANK CLANK CLANK of girls heels is not the business. The first indoor bar/dancing area, I encountered was crowded because the bar is weirdly placed right in front so you have to shimmy your way to get back and forth from the dance floor to the bathroom. Follow a tunnel and its like you're in another club all together. HUGE space. Take some stairs (more stairs, fun!) outside and bam, you're on the balcony, listening to another DJ. Obviously, it is really easy to lose people at this club. I like XS better.
4	THAT NIGHT IS STILL RINGING IN MY EARS =)) one of the best experiences ive had going out had a great time even though it was crowded because of Halloween and ATB it was very fun and high energy all night the facility itself was very nice good sized dance floors and spas and pools galore cant say enough what a good night it was =)
5	Went to Marquee Club Last Friday for Pacman Fight weekend and I can honestly say this is the Best Night Club in Vegas....we were not on the Guest List so we had to wait in line but it wasn't that bad on a Friday night...Once we got in, it was all House Music which is my choice of music....EDX was spinning and Sound System was Banging... as for the Club itself, it had inside and outside Space...Inside Space had Go Go Dancers throwing free money to people and Several Bars, Outside Space has the Swimming Pools and Bars...The Ambiance was excellent....Bouncers were nice and the People in General were Cool..It's a Mix Crowd which is Good....Over all if you want to have a Nice Clubbing experience in Vegas, this is the Best Place to go.
4	I'm down. The Marquee is "the" club to go to in Vegas right now, and for good reason. They have awesome DJ's playing all the time, and is in arguably the nicest hotel on the strip. Also, girls LOVE this hotel and club, so there's always an abundance of them there, if you know what I'm sayyyiiinnnn'!
2	Beautiful, huge nightclub with 3 rooms and a day club pool area, main room is huge, they play Trance and Techno music, big booth tables are around the dance floor, small tables are all over this room. Another small room is very small, booth tables around the dance floor, they play hip hop and top 40. Another library lounge with pool tables, we never found it. so I really don't know how it was, blame my 6 inches heels and this huge nightclub with ridiculous stairs at back entrance and the only way exit on Friday and Saturday nights. WTH??? Day club pool area with cabana bottle service, they play Trance too.  There are absolutely NO place to sit unless you have table reservations.Thursday night is slow, only one line, but don't sweat on it, there is not so many people, line goes fast. Free for ladies, $20 for guys. Take elevator up, but they only open that one level small hip hop and top 40 room, a small patio for smoking, a main bar and small dance floor, no seats unless you order bottles, not worth that $20 bucks, but bartenders were very friendly, and all the securities too. we left after 15 minutes, another elevator down exit on first level. One single drink is around $16.Friday and Saturday nights, here the crazy begins... 3 lines at main entrance on second floor, very short line for hotel guests, not too short line for table reservation, super long line for general admission, all the lines go to one small ticket window and one elevator. the result? there is no such thing as NO wait in line getting in Marquee nightclub! the table reservation line is even longer than most of the nightclubs at other hotels! hotel guests have the shortest line and the securities are very nice they let hotels guests in as soon as they can. 2 lines at third floor back entrance, 1 is front line pass ticket holders, 1 is for reentry. the ticket holders line is not too bad, they get in faster, but the painful thing is they have to climb up 3 levels of hard stairs to get into the nightclub, same thing for reentry people. Girls I don't have to tell you how much your feet will hurt.....Once you are in the nightclub, amazing decorations, amazing sound systems, amazing DJS, amazing day club pool area, amazing looking people, and extremely extremely a million times extremely crowded! NO place to sit and dance, No rooms for everybody, people who had table booth around dance floor were dancing on their tables and seats, because there was NO room on dance floor!We climbed up 3 levels, walked around 15 minutes, didn't even dare to get a drink from the bars, and we left. We got stamps at the ticket window, it was free for hotel guests before 12, we got in very fast though. The key is to get there as early as possible, no later than 10:30, after that, it doesn't matter if you stay at the hotel or have table reservations, all the people go to ONE small elevator to go up to the nightclub. Imagine a nightclub is more than 62,000 sf, all the people within capacity go to ONE elevator  to get in the nightclub? LINES LINES LINES! $500 a bottle, small tables sell faster, only big tables with $1500 minimum left for add on tables. $30 for guys, $20 for ladies on most weekend nights. I would just order bottles if I wanted to stay at Marquee nightclub for a whole night, but still need to get there as early as you can for good tables, that's the only way do it! minus the horrible exit stairs still... otherwise, forget about it on Friday and Saturday nights. I would never wait in line for 2 hours to get into a nightclub with no seats and no room to dance!
3	So...coming back to Marquee for Kaskade was....interesting. Music was awesome, lights, smoke, all that jazz. But I'm giving minus 2 stars on account of several factors.1. I got bit. This is the 2nd time a stranger has bitten me (first time was a girl -_-), and I'm going to say that is the single most invasive thing you can do to someone at a club. I don't know what kind of Twilight vampire or The Walking Dead zombie fettish is compelling people to commit such acts, but stop. Please. I can feel the imprint of the teeth way longer than I want to. Just. Stop.2. The crowd was...a mosh-pit. Literally. It was just. Impossible. We were up on one of the tables for awhile, with an awesome group, but some tight ass told us he'd call security on us. And gave us glow sticks. Interesting characters in this club. As we tried to go back outside next to the pool, we got swept away by the sea of bodies. That. was just. really unpleasant. And is also where I got bit. 3. The lines to get into the club was ridiculous. We were in line for VIP/guestlist for a really long time. I had to go back to the hotel with a friend with evil shoes, so we ended up in the re-entry line. Which was ironically longer than the line to get stamps. As we were in line, there were a lot of people coming out telling us not to go in because it was awful in there and that the club sucked. I guess they didn't like moshing either. 4. I was SOBER. :( sad face. And, I didn't get to dance as much as I would have liked. :( Double sad face. So, the cons were in a weird order I guess. Overall though, it was a good experience. It was a friend's 21st where she got royally fucked up (she wore a happy birthday crown, so she really was royalty), fell down the dancing platform, threw up at one of the VIP tables, and got escorted by security. WHOOO Vegas! Code for drunk bitches is apparently a 603. The bouncers were REALLY nice and helpful. Marquee is still awesome to go to. One of the biggest pros I think are the bathroom. There isn't ever too long of a line bc there are a lot of stalls. Overall, beautiful club to have interesting experiences: participating in a mosh-pit, joining a bachelor party, being invited to the wedding, getting bit, seeing the glory that is Kaskade, kissing a girl, what more can you ask from Vegas?
2	The people at the door think they are the shit..but in reality they are useless and not as important as they think they are. Your only getting 2 stars cause of the decor. im done.
4	Came here on 10/15/11 for Kaskade =) He was amazing.The venue is hella big and spacious and the layout is beautiful! but more space=more people. It was SUPER packed with clusterf*cks all around. Despite the inability to actually dance or more in the main floor/stage area where Kaskade was, I still had an amazing time. The 2390293 flights of stairs was killer though. but I'll use that as my exercise for the weekend.. Someone told me there were elevators we could take?? But where?! I was already kind of buzzed by the time I got there so F it! Going up the stairs, like a baus.Kaskade didn't spin until about 1AM. So the group and I just pretty much hung around the bar area and the hip hop room. We also checked out the rooftop and man, it was beautiful at night. Dunno how much the drinks were 'cause I didn't buy any =P But I don't even remember what I had except I know I had a kamikaze shot in the beginning on the rooftop level.. after that, it was a blur =)the BF and I and a few of my friends started getting closer to the main stage to where Kaskade would be at. Once he came on, everyone was screaming and it got even more crowded that I could barely move my arms. It was ridiculous. But it was worth it. He opened with "EYES" and it's sad I don't remember a lot of the songs he played because I was pretty much dunzo at that point.. I still remembered he played "Angel on my shoulder" which is one of my favoriteeeeees by him! At one point I was sitting on top of my bf's shoulders with the help of some white dude behind us. If it wasn't for the random guy, I probably would have lost balanced and fell. But at that moment I couldn't care less. I was at my happiest and I felt like I was flying =) Red bull gives you wings y'know? ;) So was Marquee worth all the pushin' and shovin' and getting stepped on 3940394 times and ruining my new nude chinese laundry heels and bruising my feet and legs and a cigarette burn on my thigh from some random dude who put his arm behind him and my thigh just happened to meet with the butt of his cig?! (luckily, the scar is gone now)but my answer is... YES =) Well, Kaskade was a big part of why it was worth it.I would have given this place 5 stars but I docked a star off because of my battlescars and ruined shoes -_-
4	Marquee is the first ever club I went to in Vegas!I was with a group of 5 girls and we were all Vegas newbies and used to NYC nightlife. We weren't on any guest lists and we didn't know anyone. The Cosmo is such a pretty hotel but the taxi is like off to the side of the hotel which was a little weird. It also took a bit for us to find the club because there is a sign downstairs but we didn't realize we had to take the escalators upstairs to get in. Once we got to the top...we see a HUGE line of people. It literally wrapped around like a snake. We didn't know where to go or what to do so I went up to the doorman and this is the conversation that ensued:Me: "Hi, we're not sure how this works...?"Doorman: "How many girls?"Me: "5"Doorman: "Okay, come with me"That was easy. We skipped the line and didn't have to pay cover! +5 stars =D. Marquee is huge! The dance area was super packed so we decided to walk around outside first. After scouting out the scene by the pools/outdoor bars, we decided to go to the dance floor...but got separate along the way because there is a bouncer to the entrance of the dance floor and only half of us got in. This began a 30min search for the other half of the group. After we found everyone...this random guy decided to follow us...to the bathroom and actually waited for us outside...wtf? (The bathrooms are really pretty and there are huge vanity mirrors so you can fix your makeup!) After we finally ditched him, we were able to have some fun!We didn't realize there were other rooms (because it's so damn big) and we were tired of the house/techno music on the dance floor, so we peaced out and moved on to the next club on our list. Next time I come, I definitely want to check out the other rooms!
4	I love being a girl. No lines and no wait and no guys to hold me back. Marquee reminds me of LA/NYC but in vegas. Well given that Marquee is from NYC is has that stylish feel. Everyone here dresses a lot better and seemed a little more upper crust. The music was excellent and the crowd was good looking. Every girl needs eye candy while sitting down and resting her feet. Anyways, one complaint too crowded. Get a table or wear comfortable shoes. Oh, one more complaint, stairs. Really?!!
1	We arrived with 3 girls and 2 guys. One of the girls wanted to take a picture near the waterfall. She took off her shoes and waded into the pool. (There were no signs saying you can't get in the pool btw..) A bouncer immediately ran over to her telling her to get out. She did immediately get out and apologized. The bouncer continued to be aggressive and said "I am kicking you out of the club. Give me your id." I was standing next door and politely asked "why do you need her id?". he then said "you are giving me attitude also?" You are both out of here. We were escorted out all the way to our hotel room. I have been to many clubs and come to vegas twice a month. I have never been treated like that.. We took our entire group to XS where we had a great time.. I will never return to Marquee, and will tell all my friends to avoid.. Clubs come and go, and with bouncers like that, they will be out of fashion very soon.
4	Guest list = free for girls, $50 for guys (yikes! I wonder what it is without guest list...) But my favorite club of all time (in Honolulu or Los Angeles) so far.Got in no wait at 9:30ish to the Guest-list line (2nd floor to the right), there were lots of lines to navigate through). Elevators up, main floor. "the library" themed room with sexy librarians standing around, a pool table and lots of seating. "boombox room" downstairs with a tiny floor and more private seating.I loved the outside portion with parka-ed dancers and fire lamps for warmth.Drinks are the usual $12, and ehh not too strong not weak but could be better. Bouncers and guards were so nice and joked with us about not letting us into the stairs area. Nicest guards I've met on the strip so far.Lots of space, different places to go depending on mood, 5 bars to choose from, 4 areas to roam... Good DJ, nice guards. High price for guys so high female to male ratio (good if you're a rich guy or gold digger).
5	I have to say, this is probably the best time I have had at a club ever. No drama, no BS, good crowd (for the most part), and the hip-hop room was on point. Lots of talent, too...lots...lots.
3	Truth be told....Hmm, I really don't know what all the hype is here, but I found it to be another spacious, new CROWDED club...and that was pretty much it. There weren't anything special like pretty scenery or waterfalls (then again, i am not a big fan of clubbing..). I really don't understand why ppl are willing to stand for hours to get in and pay $40-50/person AND pay for ridiculously expensive drinks. Don't get me wrong; I am not totally biased b/c with my group of girls going, we got VIP treatment. We go escorted into the club, free table service, and a round of drinks--all courtesy of Marquee. The music was alright too--nothing special. I wished they played more R&B and hip hop music, but it was more trance/house music.
4	Rating soley on the atmosphere and music. The venue is very nice, but the place was sassy packed and we had one of the rudest bartenders ever!!!Music was great though. I'd go back...
4	Marquee is freaking gorgeous! However, as many female Yelpers mentioned...this place was definitely designed by a MAN. I loved each floor and the mix of music, but the stairs got super excessive even though I had pretty comfortable shoes on!The club was POPPIN' off the HOOK on Party Rock Monday! Got hooked up through my friend who knew a promoter and got in pretty fast upstairs. The line downstairs was crazy - but we got in in like 10 mins as opposed to 30 minutes. And...it only took 10 minutes because it was some crazy back alley way to the club from the pool entrance. I thought they were gonna murder us for a while there, but luckily we turned out okay! The drinks were standard pricing but pretty hopped up. If you give a hefty tip, expect a hefty drink - that's just how it works in Vegas. The water was ridiculous at $8 a bottle but I guess it was Voss...so...that makes it ok? Meh whatever! I really liked the outdoor patio because it had a decent view and the system was BOOMIN'! However, the view from Caesar's Pure is MUCH better...too bad Pure hires douchebags (see Pure review). The bouncers were okay - not overly friendly but not super douchey either. It was pretty much, don't act a fool and they won't kick you out so that was cool. I have to say though that I really loved the crowd better on a weekday - I think its because the locals are there and they don't act stupid like lots of out of towners do (no offense). I met a ton of people here and danced my night away so I'm givin' a 4* for PAAAHHTEEE RAWK MONDAZE~!!!! :)
4	Now this was more my club.  It's not as upscale and expensive as XS but they have a better production.  First time I attempted to get it, it was a no-go.  3 lines that was so ridiculous, it put Disneyland to shame.  Second attempt, even though we were there early, we opt for a promoter just in case even though we were early.  We didn't want to miss a chance.This place was huge which is a major plus.  I need some room to dance people.  I loved how they had security controlling the dance floor because it seriously looked like it was packed.  I was so sad that I had to leave and wasn't able to get back in. =[  I know they say there's 3 rooms, the main room and the hip hop room, the last room was a game room I think?  When I was trying to look for it, I went into this hall that was basically a behind the scene look at the Library.  It was pretty awesome. But when I found the room, there was pool tables and a bar and such.  I left because I wanted to dance.The outdoor pool was beautiful.  I would love to see how it looks for the Dayclub.The music was amazing.  Loved the house music and the hip hop music so I got the best of both world's.Now the go-go dancers here were more entertaining than XS they were well choreographed and it was fun to watch while I'm dancing.  Major downfall: who's the idiot that put the effing stairs there?! I was so confused and lost because it didn't tell me which floor was which.  My feet were killing me and I was out of damn breath from hiking up those things.  And to have the elevators there and not working? What a tease man.  Not cool.So you can basically say that the main room (the Library) was a high-class rave type of club and the hip hop room was more like a regular bumpin' club.  Excellent.  Just work on those stupid stairs and I'm all game for this club.
2	Marquee really...SEVERAL flights of stairs...no elevator?  I'm not a fan.  Place is nice inside but I'm not a fan of walking up and down 7 flights of stairs after I've been drinking...Liability somebody!  Only giving it 2 stars because the hip/hop room was nice.  Never made it to the other rooms because my thighs were burning from walking up the stairs in a fitted mini dress and 5 inch heels!  Not a fan.    Had a way better time a Tryst.
5	Can I just start off by saying I have an obsession with Marquee! As a fresh 21 year old as of july 2011 who has had a fake id since high school who has club hopped all over LA&LV, Marquee delivers everything I could possibly want in a club. The door policy outside to actually get in, the once you get pass that velvet rope feeling that your self-esteem gets, and the amazing DJ's that create the line-up every weekend at Marquee to represent the pull they have in the world. Let me just start out by saying that since July, I have stayed at the Cosmopolitan four times up until this point because I love it so much. Why you ask? Because it is a one stop shop. EVERYONE in Las Vegas wants to go to Marquee...the line to get in is ridiculous. I recommend knowing a promoter or befriending one because they make your life so much easier when dealing with this club in specific.Once you're able to get in, that velvet rope becomes your self-esteem booster, kind of like the mafia, once you're in, you're in. The main room is where you will find me. Right up against the DJ booth, whether it be Kaskade or Dirty South, the 40 ft LED screen behind the DJ booth with dancers prancing up above by a scaffold make Marquee something worth experiencing. House music is my life=&Marquee gives me everything I could possibly ask for in a club. You can feel the bass running through your veins as you walk in or by the main room. I highly recommend giving this club  a chance, because I promise you it will be worth it. The newest, hottest, and hardest club to get into in Vegas is worth giving a shot.Marquee is so pretty on the inside as well as the outside, by the pools is what I'm talking about. Anyone reading this...I cannot wait for Dayclub to reopen because I will be there...In  heartbeat.
4	Supposedly the hottest Day Club in 2011 according to various sources. It is housed inside the nouveau Cosmopolitan Hotel.  It may not be the biggest or most expensive Dayclub but it is surely the most popular.  Actually spent a good amount of time at the Night and day club on my past trip to Vegas.  Luckily we got hooked up with VIP entrance through a friend of ours. Got in relatively quick with no silly cover charges or extended waiting.  Of course they provide a limited number of tables if you want to play.  The place gets pretty jam packed especially toward the end of the prime pool party season.  I saw two famous DJ's here for the first time: Armin Van Buuren here and Dirty South which was awesome at a venue like this.  All the staff are pretty cool here and fit well into the party atmosphere.  I had a great time partying with our group here, so I can't complain.  I think the outdoor area of the place misses some of the wow factor that some other competing outdoor pools.  The second day here we ordered some food to see what they had to offer.  I got these chicken skewers that they told me would take a while to prepare... hoping that they'd present me with something rather good.  The actual chicken was forgettable but the salad on the side was alright.  My friends ordered burgers which I didn't feel like eating but might have been better.  Therefore, overall I can't muster this place up to more than 4 stars right now... even given the incredible pool party atmosphere.
5	My favorite club in vegas.  If you're a guy, go with a hot group of girls and pay $25.  If you're a girl, get in for free.  If you're ugly, buy pre-sale tickets.  These are the only ways to get in the club and I have no idea who would wait in the horrendous lines.There are different floors with different music.  Top floor is house.  Always a good mix of people there vs tryst (white), tao (asian), and XS (asian and armenian?)best club in vegas, make sure to check out the secret pizza place after!!!
4	FYI, this is for the NIGHT club only. PROS:- AWESOME MUSIC. Lemme give you guys a fair warning though: it's mainly house/trance/electro/techno music. You've got world class DJs like Avicii, ATB, Kaskade, and Dash Berlin who play here (Kaskade has residency here, so be sure to catch him here!) so be prepared :)** Tip: There IS a downstairs hip hop floor so if you ain't feelin' the euphoria of the top floor, mosey on over to this floor. BUT it's small, sweaty, and a bit ... grimes. - AWESOME decor. It's new so it's got nice couches, chairs, bars, trees, bathrooms, and a cool poolside area with purrrty trees :)- BAR/TABLE SERVICE is awesome. I was lucky enough to come here with a group of friends who had bottle service. If you got the money to spend, try and get a table here. BUT be warned that this club is the hottest rage so you probably won't end up with a table inside. & the bartenders are quick for those of you just at the bar.- Really good ratio of girl to guy but seeing how strict they are, you'd imagine so.CONS:- If you are NOT on guestlist/don't have tickets, do not bother coming here unless you're willing to get in line early and pay OR there are still tickets available. Get to know a promoter and get on that guestlist early!** EVEN ON GUESTLIST, the line can be SUPER long so be prepared to be at Marquee around 10 to avoid all the lines and craziness.- STAIRS EVERYWHERE and girls....it sucks. -IT GETS MAD PACKED ... especially on nights with famous DJs. They start fencing off the dance floor on the top floor if it gets too crowded and those bouncers are mean :(-SUPER strict on ratio. If it's not 1-1, don't bother unless you guys have a table.SO, basically here are my tips: get there early, go the top floor since it's the most crackin', and avoid yacking or bringing things in the club. Bouncers ARE strict and extremely good look outs. other than that, everyone should DEFINITELY hit up Marquee! You're bound to have a gooooooood night :)
4	Awesome club to go to, was my first time and had a good impression. Dj was great, music was loud enough. There are a total of 3 floor, 2 are dance floor, 1 is a library up stairs. Has pretty hot dancers too. Only thing not so good is that its very crowded and barely had any room to dance. Drinks were from $7-$16, tickets were $20 for girls and $50 for guys. If you are going with a group, make sure there more girls then guys, other wise they might not let you in. Also dress nicely, formal with dress shoes at least for entry. Have fun.
5	Marquee is AMAZING. I've been to this club several times and always had a great experience, but this last weekend I had an unbelievable time! From the moment we arrived at the cosmo til the moment we left we were treated like royalty.We arrived around ten and entered through the third floor VIP enterence. We planned on going in early to get stamped and head over to Haze for the open bar until Marquee started filling up. Once we got inside there was no need for this plan. there were 12 of us so we weren't sure if we'd be able to score a table but we were wrong! Within minutes a group of guys invited us over and the night took off from there. The table was located perfectly in the center of the club with a perfect view of the Dj. The ladies were on top of it with the bottle service. We danced on the tables all night and the staff even encouraged it.The first Dj (didn't catch his name) played a hybrid of top 40 and house music and really had the crowd going. Around 1am porter robinson took the stage and blew us all away. He rocked marquee with his energy..at least once or two per song the blowers and confetti went off. The light show was amazing. Everything about this night was perfect. Even the bathrooms! When it was finally time to leave we were escorted into an elevator by the friendly staff and wished a good night. I've always said that Xs is my favorite club but after our experience this weekend marquee is moving into the number one spot.Xoxo blondie
5	This night club in the Cosmopolitan is seriously the business! They let us right in :) and the place is huge with two clubs inside. One was the liberty bar (i recommend this one) and the Boom Boom (the hip hop club) there also was the outside area with the pool. Very nice. First we went to the Liberty Bar and it was so packed and live in here. Very nice club with tables surrounding the dance floor and all the tables were filled with people and bottles lol. We met two different guys who asked us to join them at their tables and we did and had the time of our lives!! Me and my girls were a good group in Vegas LOL. The music here is mainly techno while the Boom Boom is all hip hop so after we were tipsty we headed over here to dance the night away. Wasn't really anyone at the tables besides two different parties and one guy asked me to join him at his table and i had a few more drinks, dance then left. The crowd is very mix and upscale so dress to impress. It was a great night and I will be back.
2	Marquee, y u so pretentious?!
5	The BEST club experience I've ever had. Period.Thanks to @Nikkie_Marquee who hooked me and two friends up BIG TIME. We were there for Marquee Mondays with RedFoo from LMFAO, and, since we were on her list my two female friends had an hour open bar, and all three of us got in for free, yes, to Marquee Mondays which is usually $25-$35 even for girls.The club itself is huge and beautiful, filled with lots of pretty people. We stumbled up on a "library" and had our open bar session up there with the most attractive librarians I've even seen. Simply amazing.We then hung out by the pool area and ran into fake Steven Spielberg.The LMFAO show was absolutely mind-blowing. Cold fog, random exploding things and blow-up Zebras. It was Party Rock craziness to the extreme.Thinking of going to a club in Vegas? Is it Monday? Then head to Marquee, especially if it's a LMFAO set.
5	Hands down my favorite club on the strip.ME: I go out.... A LOT. I've been to every major club on the strip and then some. Marquee is as good as it gets. Luxurious, Fun, and the epitome of Las Vegas glitz & glamor.OVERALL: Marquee is certainly one of the largest clubs. There's the main room where the dj's/headliners perform, a large outdoor pool area, and a more relaxed upstairs area called the Library. There's a lot of room to move around and there are quiet spots where you can chill and have a conversation.WHY SHOULD YOU GO ? : This might just be the EDM snob in me, but Marquee always has the best line-up. Armin, Cosmic Gate, Above & Beyond, Aviici, Porter Robinson, the list goes on! You can always expect the best at Marquee.LINES: The line is slow-moving and packed. If you want in on the weekends, be sure to show up early and have a 1:1 or better ratio of girls to guys.TIPS: FRI & SAT have a very strict dress code for guys. No Sneakers No Polos. As cheesy as it sounds--dress to impress man.INDUSTRY: Mondays is Industry Night--Party Rock Mondays! All Locals Free. LMFAO is there every so often to party rock the place. Its basically a mini-rave. Dress however your heart desires!
4	This club is happening and is really off the hook but.... it get's super duper packed.  To the point where you can't move.  It actually made me leave because I couldn't walk or dance or do anything.  If it's not so packed it's a awesome club.
4	Overall, Marquee is an awesome club and for my first Vegas club experience, I was impressed. Ironically enough, many of the clubs pros can also be cons however.Such as the multiple rooms and unique layout. Very cool and interesting while sober but extremely difficult to maneuver and keep track of after a few drinks. It's great that there are a few different settings to fit people's individual preference. We briefly walked through the hip hop room, which was small and packed, on our way outside. In November, it was quite chilly so we quickly headed upstairs to the main room. Then we wandered up even more stairs to the library, which had a nice, laidback vibe, which I would have liked better had there been a place to sit. As the night progressed and I had a few drinks, I found that locating the nearest bathroom and then finding my way back to my friends was a nearly impossible challenge. Luckily, I somehow managed to find my way but it was not without difficulty. I know there are plenty of people who like the techno/house that's played in the main AKA largest room but I've never been a fan. I need words to get into a song and dance. I remember excitedly shouting to my friend when a song with words finally blasted after an hour of steady beats. We were lucky enough to 1) get hooked up with free entrance by a friend's promoter and 2) be welcomed to someone's table for the night. I guarantee that my feet would not have survived an entire night of standing in heels so a huge thank you to the guy who let us crash at his table!  Another interesting note, there are a lot of stairs, including a random, vacant stairwell up to the club. Makes for an interesting evening for girls in high heels.
4	After reading a few reviews I wonder how many drinks some of you had or if you if even enjoy clubbing?  if you don't like loud music, crowds, sweat, spilled drinks, drunks, and to drop some paper,  then maybe you should go to a piano bar.Anyhow, this club is a love/hate for me.  I've been going here since it first opened and even before that.  So, I know wtf Im talking about.  Its definitely beautiful and the color and ambience is nice.  But its too dark in the mainroom.  Plain and simple.  The traffic flow sucks only because the bouncers who control the movement are over-bearing in making people move, which isn't really their fault because its over-crowded in the mainroom and people tend to stop and stare at the stage because of the magnificient 40ft. LED screen and exotic burlesque dancers in their over-the-top outfits.  I would stop myself and take in the view.  Its amazing but the bouncer ruin it.  Many people who travel once a year maybe two are going to be in awe of watching what's going on cause it becomes a show with the world's best DJ's.  Dancefloor should've been bigger anticipating the popularity of this place.  Only good table are around it and the view there is the best but it'll set up back a few GRAND.Tables inside the mainroom are small and expensive per person on the table.  This club is expensive overall but this is understandable being it's their first year and currently the hottest spot.  Alot of negative comments that there's alot of stairs and I agree.  A vertical club isnt the best idea for traffic flow and safety hazzards for the sloppy drunks and bare-footed girls trolling around (yuck).  However, each room is beautifully decorated with top-notch material and the sound system is the best I've heard.  Bottle Service isn't quite the best nor are the drinks you buy at the bar. The girls are hot but arent that attentive and do the least service as possible.  Don't expect to get her number unless you are tipping beyond the 20% auto-grad.  And she's only giving it to you to try and get you to comeback and do it all over again.  Nothing more fellas.   Getting into the club is a effin' nightmare VIP or not.  You got the outer heavy duty barricade, then once you pass that, then you have the inner rope, then it bottlenecks to the register/stamp regulator, then you have to wait in one of 3 roped lanes to go up elevator to get into the club.  SO be SOBER getting in and find a spot to chill for the night if you cant afford their tables.  The outside is very nice tho, so try that without falling into the pool. Kaskade shows are the best here.  SHM sounds really good too.  This place is made for EDM.
1	Rude Staff!!! We waited over an hour and a half to get in. Worst of all, WE WERE ON A GUESTLIST!!! Staff is horrible and very discriminatory. I believe a law suit is waiting to happen here. Also, when we were inside the club was at OVERCAPACITY. Staff member said "We can definitely get sued today, we are at overcapacity allowed." Club was not worth my time or money. We will stick to XS!!!
2	I hate this place. I absolutely abhor this place.Dayclub:-Food is good, expensive of course. Brought out promptly.-Service is decent.-Drinks are good.-There's a girl bartender in the back bar that is incredibly slow. Wouldn't recommend getting drinks from the back.-Pool is disgusting. Oh cool, clear blocks for chicks to dance on. Wonderful addition, Marquee, maybe you guys should try cleaning the pool because it's always the color of pale white.-People are hot. Although recently, there have been way too many Asians.-Music is good though. -Size of the club is tiny.-Elevators are nice.Nightclub:OMASL;KFJL;ZJXCVLKJ THE NIGHT CLUB IS THE WORST THING EVER.Dear architect of Marquee, building a club that's 3 levels = worst idea ever. Oh, you think you're so clever & unique for coming up with such a fresh design, huh? This is completely absurd. What they should've done was either make these 3 levels 3 completely separate clubs, or just had one club on one floor completely.Marquee is a very "trendy" club these days so everyone crowds to get in. Even if the DJ that's spinning is a nobody, it's still crowded, which means the elevators are blocked off (WTF MARQUEE, SERIOUSLY.) & you're all forced to use the stairs.These stairs are not nice carpeted stairs, no, these are straight-up, "in-case of fire emergency, use the stairs" stairs. Industrial metal stairs. How tacky is it to force your club-goers to walk up 5+ flights of stairs to their destination while most of them are intoxicated & in heels? Yeahhhh brilliant. Up & down the stairs, no access to the elevators.The main floor isn't that big. The dance floor isn't that big, it's kind of awkwardly situated, the hip-hop room blows (hello high school prom music!!), & that other floor is unremarkable. Their drinks suck. Had the worst tasting AMF here ever. Come on, night shift, let's go.Highlight of Marquee happens to be the mermaids that swim in the pool. I only feel sorry for them because they're stuck swimming in that nasty thing.Hate this club, hate it hate it hate it. I avidly protest this club every time I'm in Vegas. It's just not worth it.
3	Venue= 5 starsCrowd=Infested with Asians-1 starOverall=3 stars
5	[intro:  My first review in months!  I do hate writing in a non-chronological manner, but I've saved up maybe 60 or so reviews and I'm unable to access the pics I need to jog my memory.  So, I figured I'd just do a review of a club I hold dear to my heart.]You have to first ask yourself what you're looking for in a club:- Cheap drinks? Try another place.  Or yelp a nearby casino that has good service if you play at their penny slots.- Whores? Hmm, try another club.  Not sure I can leave a tip on this review, or I may get flagged ;)- A good time?  It's who you are and who you're with, not the venue.Well, I'm thinking too much on more things to check off the list, so without further ado, I will launch into my review of this fine hotspot.Marquee has done a great job of recruiting/stealing the top EDM DJs for events all throughout the year.  However, you'll only find some dancing space out in the patio area... or maybe a Monday night when its not Summer.  The main stage dance floor is usually packed, and you'll be bumping into people all night.  If you got 4-10k to shell out for a booth, then your girls will gain access to the platforms that line the perimeter of the main floor and divide the tables.  Someday...The patio area is cool too.  You can get some fresh air, and stare at the hot roulette table dealers, or the table runners.  There's also a big screen toward the back that displays the main stage DJ, so you can enjoy his awesomeness without getting elbowed in the head by an overly enthusiastic fist pumper.  (Yea, I'm kinda short, so this happens a lot).Expect long lines, as this is one of the hot spots.  BUT, if there's an event, pre-order your ticket online and get a wristband -- I got one that allowed access all throughout Labor Day weekend, and I went 4 nights in a row.  Ok, I didn't actually party hard every night -- I'd show up at midnight or so, and walked right in (no line with a wristband!).Did I mention the bouncers are nice?  I guess I was impressed that the guy addressed me as sir -- it's the little things!Oh, and one of those weekend wristbands will grant you access to the dayclub (pool party) too -- worth it's price if you go often.  Tip: If you ever wonder what the crowd is like, or the venue, just go on youtube.  Though it can't capture the great sound system they have.Last tip: for dudes without chicks, go EARLY, get in, then LEAVE (with a handstamp).  Head over to the not-so-secret pizza place, or do some gambling, before making a timely re-entrance when the girls are a little more loose.  Up the escalator, there is an entrance for re-entries only!
3	Lets see....just like most clubs on the strip, this was by far, "Little Asia" I seriously felt like I was in China or something. There were a lot of Asians (me, being one of them as well). But damn, all the guys were short, Asian, and very Asian. Before Clubbing: Get on the guestlist! It's hard enough to get in. Luckily we had a contact and he got us free on the guestlist for girls, but fellas always have to pay. $45 each! Poor guys. Get in line early, lines get full at 9:30am already! At Clubbing: Expensive drinks, so expensive! Everything is expensive in Vegas, but sometimes they do go over the top. We got in the club at 10pm, and it wasn't packed yet. So that was good. I like how there are 4 floors, the top is the "lounging"/library room, 2nd is the "house music", 1st is the hip hop, and there's the poolside with seating and heat lamps. The library played the best music. Hip hop floor got full in a second. At around 12-1am, club gets damn PACKED. Like seriously packed that drinks will spill on you and you literally can't walk. People were like every other club in Vegas, but I miss admit, Cosmo have better looking people then most other clubs (especially Chateau). But some people were waaay over the top. They thought they were Kim Kardashian or some shit. Thinking they own the place and that everyone should move for them. Ugh, bitches. When it got packed, I got annoyed...I think you need to be drunk to enjoy this club, or else you'll be frustrated at 1. how packed it got 2. how expensive it was 3. how the people thought they were celebs 3. how the bouncers were douches If there was a fire, lets just say NO ONE will make it out alive. NO ONE.
4	This has got to be my favorite club in Vegas so far. I have been here twice and I absolutely love it. The decor is fun and trendy. The layout is awesome. The different dance rooms for different djs and music lets me have options to wonder around. I meet a lot of friendly party people here too! Perfect place to get wild!!! =P
5	came back this past monday for the last party rock monday for the year, and i can just say simply that it did not disappoint.  sure it got super crowded, but what else would you expect.  there was a mix up with my promoter and getting us on the list which i thought was going to ruin the night because i thought they were going to make us go to general admission, but i showed the bouncer with the list my text messages with the promoter and he ended up comping my admission to get in for the mess up which was super cool.  girls got free drinks wristbands which were good for an hour, but the bartenders were fast so we ended up getting a lot of drinks.  a lot of the girls were dressed in the party rock attire and some of the guys were too, but i was a little annoyed because they were saying that the regular dress code would be applied but it didn't seem like it was so i felt a little out of place in slacks, dress shoes, button up, and tie, but oh well i still party rocked all night long.  staff was really cool and nice so i didn't have a problem with any of them.  this seems to be my go to club as it is the only one that i have been back to multiple timesthe one thing that still amazes me about here is that belvedere is their well vodka.  that still blows my mind, and then they ask if it is ok they are using it.  are you kidding, i thought you guys were going to use smirnoff or popov or something
4	Staff - Great staff. Honestly if your don't know how to dress when you go out that your fault and is not the staffs fault. Lines - Could be better but is faster then the XS line when it first opened.Cover - Decent on weekdays. BAD on Saturdays !Crowd - All the hottest women want to party here! Every guy wants to see all the hottest women. It gets crowded, SO WHAT, ITS A F*CKING CLUB !Price on drink - Average.Bartenders/Cocktail Waitress - Great.Table host - Some of the most decent hosts in vegas. They dont try to leverage you for more bottles.MONDAYS ARE THE BEST DAYS. SATURDAYS ARE THE WORST.also get there early or you'll pay too much to get in !!!
1	I don't even know where to start in describing this clubs failure. But I will say this - as a person who's been to nearly every club in Vegas, Marquee's staff is as unprofessional as they get.Yes its true - bouncers and security at Vegas must be strict for the safety and well being of everybody in the club - especially when people drink and act wild.However, that is DEFINITELY NOT the way bouncers have been trained at Marquee - unfortunately.I was standing at the bar buying my second drink, only 30 minutes into my night at the club. Once I turn around, a bouncer calls me over and asks me to follow him - as if I did something wrong.It turns out that since the club is so packed, they start picking on people with the excuse of - "you've had too much to drink"I know this because they just stood by the bar and decided to pick on people in that area since they have drinks in their hands. Moreover I know it because they did not even communicate with me to realize I am not as drunk as the people they are trying to kick out since it is over capacity.I was minding my own business, completely harmless.To sum it all up - sad, ridiculous, lame, unprofessional and most of all - INCOMPETENT They should be thankful their physical characteristics gets them a job - the least they can do is TRY to do it right instead of ruin a persons night for no reason.
1	Hand's down the worst experience ever! The "manager" Carlos is a prick! He is rude!   He called me the B word! The bouncer said my ID was not me.. and told me to GET OUT like as if he was taming animals in a zoo! I am a lady... I wasn't rude! When I went to speak with Carlos I told him can you please look at my ID ... It is me!  I can go get my ATM card even tho I had my credit card with me. He said, " NO! Your not getting in at all" -- While I was talking to Carlos a bouncer told my friend you guys should go before your arrested. I was just talking to him... I didn't use any bad language nor did I touch anyone... My ID was obviously mine, so identity theft isn't an option either! So exactly what is he going to arrest me for?  So since when did bouncers in Vegas become attorneys!?
5	what can i say, always have a blast here...=]
4	Oh Marquee. You were hella amazin & crackin on Party Rock Monday. You exceed my expectations of what a Vegas club is supposed to be even though a big name DJ wasn't present that night. Come on, admit it Redfoo is a mainstream trip hop group, not like Kaskade or R3hab. But still, I had one of my BEST Vegas nights with you...Line at Marquee? Pshhh. nonexistent. When I'm in Vegas, I go VIP...which means no waits AND no cover even though its a cockfest in my group. Vegas is all about networking. It's all about who you know. We skipped the line and got in within 10 mins without cover. Suggestion: try to mingle & network with a promoter who can give you VIP cover & line tickets. You'll get in w/o a hassle.By the way, there were 3 floors of LINES. They were ALLLL long so yeah try to network with a promoter or even the club people if you can.OH YEAH....beware of the stairs. We had to walk at least 5 flights of stairs before getting into mainstage. WTF. My legs were already sore from XS the night before, and now I gotta walk these stairs. FUCKKK.Bottle service. You NEED to do it here at Marquee since there is absolutely no room to dance unless you're in the walkway, but then security will be on your ass about moving. BOTTLE is worth it here !! There was a 2 bottle minimum that night, and we had a HUGE group that night so we got bout 5 bottles (500+ each). Our table was by the mainstage in the middle and had ledges you can climb on and dance. The girls LOVED those ledges. As a gay guy, I felt like a stripper whore hustlin for my monayyy though most of it went towards the bottles. HAHAWe ventured around the club for a bit, and it was nice that they had a huge outdoor scene with a pool and cabanas with jacuzzis. The club felt more spacious and less claustrophobic but around 1 am...they stopped letting ppl into the club from the patio. So people had to enter through the side entrances. Um what?THE CLUB GETS PACKED. We got sick of the craziness so we hung around our table most of the time. Redfoo dropped a sick set to my surprise though most of the night was blurry. All I remember was Bounce - R3hab remix and some Mark Knight songs.Typical Party Rock to throw out inflatable toys during their set. Our group somehow got our hands on a inflatable animal and brought it home. Yayy !!The people here are so damn good-looking esp the girls !! I'm not straight but damn those girls were freakin hot !! LOLThe party is hellaaaa crackin here so now you know what to do on a Mon night. PARTY ROCK !! Wiggleee wiggleee wiggleee wiggleee yeahh !!
1	Wouldn't know how it was cause we wouldn't wait an hour plus to get in. So we went to the bar directly across from Marquee that had great music and a great bartender. We sure enjoyed drinking and dancing and watching the other fools stand in line for hours waiting to get into the "coolest" club!
4	What can I say about this place other than great energy, amazing DJ's, and the line doesn't take long to get through unlike many other clubs in Vegas.  I went for back to back nights and had a blast both nights.
1	Where do i even start? we where a group made up of two couples. we met someone who put us in a guest list. which we though was AWESOME! that was until we got there at 9:15pm and it took us over one and a half hours to get threw the guest list line... and the bouncers where total douche bags, Sorry your 40 years old and taking names at a club in Vegas! old pervs. we are customers. our money goes into YOUR pocket at the end of the night! anyways. once we got in it was SO Packed! we couldn't get on the dance floor at all! they where blocking it off!  we get to the fist bar outside, and order four shots, 3 Patron, 1 Goose, Chilled. expensive, but expected, so it was okay. we go inside to order another round of shots a little later in the bar that was kinda inside/ almost outside.  We order the same shots. 3 Patron, 1 Goose. Chilled. the guy pours 3 goose, one patron. so i asked which one Goose. he said" ill let you guess" i said you poured 3 goose, we wanted 3 Patron and 1 Goose. so he poured the 1 Patron shot in to the Goose shots. and poured 3 shots of goose, NOT CHILLED! have you ever taken a room temp shot of anything ever? it taste like hot ass. ugh. anyways. i asked him to pour a new shot of Goose and he said here's three. (which where the 4 shots he had mixed) effin Douche Bag. I don't think ill be going here again. your business thrives on your service. and your service was disgusting.
5	Absolutely love this club. The venue is very big and consists of outdoor, indoor, and 3 levels of dance floors. They play different music in each dance floor. House, HIp Hop, Top 40's. So you don't get tired of listening to the same crap the whole night. And they have a resting area that over looks the pool and the strip :)I definitely recommend this place to everyone. I went this past labor day weekend and I guess that's one of the busiest weekends in Vegas and the admission for guys was about $50-100 and girls were $20-30. But I know on regular weekend nights its not as pricey. Girls are most likely to be free ;)
4	Damn, the day club here was poppin'. The music was good and the bar tenders nice. Can't wait to go for the night club.
2	Amazing nightclub that everyone wants to be at to the point where you fill like a sardine packed into a can. Drinks are ridiculously expensive and it takes a hour just to get to the bartender. I do have to say that it's a beautiful venue that has multiple levels, but not the best if you just want to go and dance without worrying about being shoved, pushed, or getting into a fight with the girl in front of you.
5	Still Love! Favorite Las Vegas club!
4	This club is pretty cool. Awesome dance floor and lounge areas. The outside section is incredible- a massive pool, waterfalls, lounges and bars, all with a great view of the strip. The dance floors are indoors and the DJ's tend to be great, my only problem is that its too crowded. I like crowded dance floors but when security has to block people from even dancing on it, its a little overboard.
4	PARTY ROCK MONDAYS FTW! As fortune would have it, on the fine Monday night we ventured to Marquee, Redfoo from LMFAO  happened to be there as well. Besides a large blow-up zebra being thrown off the stage, lots of smoke, flashing lights, and random exploding things...I don't remember much about his performance. But, I had an awesome time nonetheless. The energy of the crowd was off-the-wall and was probably one of the primary contributors to the awesomeness of the night. We mainly stayed on the top level since this was where LMFAO was performing. However, this suited me just fine since the top level was also my favorite. Similarly to XS, it features the 1/2 outdoor-1/2 indoor layout with a pool as well. If you're coming on a night when LMFAO will be there and you actually want to see something, DON'T MOVE if you manage to squeeze into a spot with decent views of the stage. As it gets closer to performance time (1am on the night we went), they start roping areas off, leaving only crappy side views behind. The only drawback to Marquee is all the stairs you have to hike up before entering the actual club. I'm sure many lady reviewers have mentioned this already, but hiking up a few flights of stairs in 5 inch heels is no fun :( Lucky for me, quite a few of my friends are podiatrists in training, and given all the abuse I put my poor feet through, I'm almost positive I'll be needing their expertise sometime in the future. I'm not sure how much cover would normally be for guys and girls since my friend who knew a promoter got our group of 15 in for free. But even if I had paid $20-$30, I still would've managed to party my money's worth. I may have been hurting on our flight back home the following morning, but Marquee was well worth the discomfort. FOUR STARS!
4	WHOO! ACTUAL SPACE!Came here the Friday before NYE and lo-ooo-ved it. I don't know if it was because it was such a stark contrast from the other ones I went to the previous night buuut this place is bumpin'. Good people, good music + lots of space (inside + outside, whoop!) to move your pretty self around. Even though our party didn't have to pay the cover, I would definitely have forked over the $ to get all up in this lovin'.A huge drawback is the insanity that is the stairs. I know everyone and their mothers (hey, why not) must have mentioned this but THOSE STAIRS. Wore a pair of 5 inch heels and Maqrquee's floor climbing experience has nearly made me swore off heels for life. Ladies, prepare to climb many flights of stairs. And if you're going through the promoters' side, many more flights of stairs. The upside is though, no matter which floor you're hiking your way up (or down), its worth it. I loved that the first two floors had good music & the third floor was more chill (complete with pool tables + all!) and relaxed. All in all, everything that it's hyped up to be (sans stairs), even on a NYE weekend. Loved it, definitely going back!
5	By far the hottest nightclub on the Vegas strip! Worth every dollar spent here!! Words cannot describe how awesome this place is! Add it to your bucket list!!
4	Marquee is still the crackin'est nightclub in Las Vegas, perhaps even borderline "cray". My favorite place to kick it is by the outside bar and the little balcony before getting dizzown on the various dance floors. If you enjoy having fun, avoid the "Library", or just stop by if you really want to check it out.The guys in our group decided to get pre-sale instead of getting on the guestlist with our girl group from some website called "wantickets". I don't know how this happened, but we got in at 10:30 on a Saturday night with no wait bypassing approximately 100 attractive girls waiting in line say whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?!?!? I suppose this is my raison d'update (this top secret tip),  if I go again i'm definitely going the pre-sale route!
2	I would give it three stars for being just average but because it is so ridiculously overpriced I had to step it down to 2 stars. The night we went there was a special event and I had even for once gotten presale tickets for $40 instead of the $70 dollars they charged at the door for girls and guys. We got in without any problem (4 girls and 3 guys) and once inside it was just ok until I found out they charged $20 for my whiskey which usually costs me $13 at other clubs.All in all, its not a bad club but its an overpriced average club. We went to XS the next night which was a lot more fun! Decorated much nicer, people were fun, DJ was great and drinks were just normally overpriced (14 for mine). Oh and the doormen were really chill and told us that if we don't like it inside they will refund our $30 entrance if we leave withing the first hour.
1	This place is OVERRATED.  It takes you hours just to try to get in, once you get in you'll see the dance floor is small as fuck and there's no room to even walk around with all the people they cram in there like a chinese sweatshop.  Trying to get to other areas in the club will get you lost as you have to navigate thru their endless maze of stairs.  All of the bouncers have dildos stuck up their asses and try to act all tough with the guys but become lil bitches with the girls.  Drinks are expensive as hell- $20 for a watered down jack n coke.  There are far better clubs like XS and TAO than this wanna-be rave club.
2	i went there on new years eve. We arrived at the club around 10:15 to pick up the tickets. We got into the club at 11:30. so people that got there at 11 rung in the new years waiting in line. The bouncers were on power trips. Everyone got so sloppy drunk.
3	This club is overrated but Im giving 3 stars because I had a great time with my girl friends. Everyone was packed like sardines inside.The club has absolutely no where to sit. I mean come on, I know youre there to dance and have fun, but girls wear heels and we need to sit down sometime!Let's start with the dance floor. One floor was old school rap/hip hop, another floor was packed with house music connecting with the pool deck, and the last floor (the library) is a great place to grab a drink, chill and play pool. But then what is up with the extremely small dance floor? The security kept telling us to leave the rooftop dance floor because there were too many people. Honestly if they want people to have a fun time, they should put a limit to the number of people that can come in instead of over packing the place.And the BIGGEST negative about this place is the stairs!  Are they freaking kidding me?! People have to travel up and down on these ghetto stairs to even get INTO the club! They need to seriously get some escalators or elevators.  It's just really tacky.I'm not as fascinated with this place like everyone else in Vegas seems to be. I'd only go back if we had a connection, or if we're in line super early to avoid the hassle.
1	UNDERCOVER CAMERA'S IN THE BATHROOM STALLS!!!No lie, they have camera's in the stalls at this night club!  Chances are they can see your what you're working with, GUYS AND GIRLS!  Even the security admits it but I told the cops in Vegas and they didn't believe me.  PROOF anything happens in Vegas!!THEY ILLEGALLY PUT THE CAMERA'S IN INSIDE OF THE STALLS TO STOP DRUG USE, BUT WHAT'S HILARIOUS IS THE MAIN SECURITY GUY I TALKED TO WAS ON DRUGS.... BLOW was the culperate, good GUY... BUT HAVE SOME  TACT AND SET THE EXAMPLE....??.
4	Okay, its amazing and beautiful in here. I love that there are different floors for different types of music. For the particular night that we went, we stayed on the house floor because Avicii was DJ-ing that night. It was CROWDED. Crowded where I thought I was going to die. Security guards blocked off the dancefloor and did not let anyone else go inside. Walking around the dancefloor was hell because people would block traffic. For a claustrophobic person, this was a nightmare.But I am giving this place 4 stars because its beautiful here. Honestly, when we walked to the hip hop floor, it was a lot more spacious. So that just tells me that it's either cause house music is trending, or its because Avicii was there. If you don't mind hip hop music (its good music, like Trey Songzz!!!), then go to the hip hop floor instead!!! I've heard horror stories about climbing the stairs up to the club, which us girls didn't have to go. But if I had to in heels, I would be unhappy. Definitely will be back when it isn't so packed cause it was New Years weekend!
3	I was really excited to check out one of the newest clubs to hit The Strip. Thanks to a friend, our guys didn't have to pay a ridiculously high cover to get in (only $25 with guestlist access).  I've heard that prices can go as high as $50 - $80 a night.  Entering the club was a complicated process though; we started off in a long guestlist line when our grouop, including 15 other people were led by a security guard around the Chandelier Bar and up the escalators to yet another line.  After getting through that line, which started to feel like going through airport security, we were then led up a long flight of rickety stairs in some back woods part of the building.  (Given the mixture of alcohol and high heels, this is a liability waiting to happen).  By the time we reached a small doorway to enter the building, we already got quite a work out.  Entrance fiasco aside, the club is pretty cool.  The sexy dark lighting, phrases like "You down with OPP?" lit up on the wall, and rooftop area is a great backdrop for a fun night out.  There are two packed floors of music playing, with the hip hop room on the first floor crammed and much smaller than the upstairs trance/techno floor.  I can't comment on how good the hip hop music was because we could barely breathe in that room long enough to hear a song.  Grab a drink at the rooftop bar and you won't risk being trampled by the crowds.  That is, if you can survive the flight going down the stairs.
2	YAY CLUB WHORING DAYS ARE BACK!Marquee is probably one of the more popular clubs on the Strip. Yes, it's gorgeous and lush and all things Vegas, but I was really surprised by how horribly it was designed. This quickly diluted my enjoyment of what is otherwise a beautiful club. #1. The line outside the door is long, and yes, it's long because there's a freaking mob inside, but also because to gain entry, you must enter an elevator to get to the upper floors leading to the club. What genius decided this?? Someone who surely loves to make everyone and his momma wait. #2. The bathrooms, the way to the bathrooms, the total nonexistent signs leading to the bathroom were horrid.  Hey, if I was a club-designer who didn't want the lovely floors to get puked/peed on, what would I do? Not what Marquee did, and that is make the restrooms completely invisible from the dance floor. No signs, no prominent entryway, no nothing. Just a darkened corridor that leads to a hallway (where the wind blew in and toppled you over nonetheless) with weird art. Once inside the bathroom, you're crammed inside, until some loud bathroom attendant literally orders you to a stall. I was sitting there, peeing, thinking the attendant would yell at me to stop peeing and get out! Also, some support for my argument - someone puked on the floors and we had to take a detour. #3.  The long haul back to exit the club. It was a looong trip to exit the club. You have to take around 3 flights of stairs through the ugliest part of the club. This is probably the worst for women in heels. And yet, if they can provide an elevator UP to the club, why not provide it down, when people are inebriated and tired? Marquee makes you work for your fun - which is not fun!!!!!! Though, I still had fun because it's Vegas, but really.....wth!
1	WARNING ALL HYPE!!This place is the worst.  6 flights of stairs after waiting for an hour when on a vip list. $50 to get in, $20 drinks.  90%Asian Invasion and music so bad and loud no place to go to get away from it. One bathroom that is impossible to get to. They played a JayZ song and the placed erupted because so much crap was being blown.   The a-hole bouncers would elbow us in the back when at the bar treating us like cattle trying to get us to move???  At the fn bar??  My crew had to surround two bouncers and we told them next time they elbow us we are going to kick the shit out of them. They apologized and stopped.  There was 23 of us!  It was that bad.  I mean you would think this place would have some class, but obviously it is just another burn and turn club straight raping their guest Sandusky Style!  Go to the Wynn!!!  XS is the sickest club and they actually care about having a good time. TRUST!!!
3	Marquee just got rated the #1 nightclub in Vegas. I feel like there has to be better. Marquee, which is in the Cosmopolitan, is the newest and hottest nightclub in Vegas right now. It's center strip so if you're not staying in the area, might be quite the trek. We walked from Planet Hollywood which is right across the street. Everyone talks about it and they get the biggest names to spin there almost every night its open.We went for Party Rock Monday with Red Foo. I would recommend buying pre-sale tickets. My group of 4 guys didn't have to wait in line at 10:30 with tickets. Literally, check ID and walk-in. My female friends that didn't have tickets had to wait in line for an hour even after pairing up with some people. Red Foo didn't go on until 1:30 so maybe keep that in mind. The warm-up DJs are decent at best.The design of the club was bizarre if you ask me. Whoever designed the nightclub didn't seem to think about spacing very well. The main floor where the main  DJ is performing is TINY. There are clubs in Vegas (and hell, even D.C.) with bigger side rooms than Marquee's mainfloor. That was a little disappointing. It also feels like you're always in a hallway or walkway because they've stuck tables literally everywhere inside and outside. The bouncers are pretty rude. In general, room to dance is quite limited. Outside, in December, they had these heaters which was nice but by the end of the night, half of them were off and they didn't turn them back on and trust me, it gets cold at night in Vegas. Another thing that irked people were the stairs you had to climb to get to the club and leave the club. Some were lucky enough to take the elevator but most had to walk up like 5 flights of stairs. Sucks to be a girl that's wearing heels I'm sure.Drinks are really expensive. A beer is $9 and a Red Bull Vodka (made with Grey Goose, dunno if you can get a different vodka) is $17!!! Don't even look into a table unless you plan on dropping serious dough that night.They definitely overpack the place. But the place is full of beautiful, young people. Barely anyone over 30 I would say and everyone dressed pretty well (even for Party Rock Monday). It's a place where people go to be seen for sure. It's definitely a nightclub worth checking out for one night and I would go back just for the names they pull there but it has a lot of downsides for what is supposed to be the best club in Vegas.
4	MARQUEE night club, you cant fail me!All yelpers heading to Vegas, hit up Marquee!Came on a friday night to see Dirty South DJ that night, line was fat longggg, so i suggest coppin that presale ticket off their website a few days before, especially if it's other major DJ's like Avicii, Kaskade, etc. Their club here is huge! multiple levels, outdoor patio areas with private cabanna bottle service and over flowing jacuzzi's. They did an awesome job with Marquee. Also two outside bars and a couple inside bars to get all your drunken needs. Prices for drinks aren't bad at all, I'd expect them to be more but suprisingly fairly pricedBartenders are nice and chill, they're quick, and never takes too long. Downside: it gets crowded QUICK. imagine coming here when Kaskade is DJing! Theres also a downstairs hip hop floor which is real small but at least they were thoughtful! The crowd here is awesome: lots of cute females, doesn't disappointUntil next time Vegas, Marquee
5	my previous review was strictly dayclub.. hands down THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFFE.the following is for the nightclub,what does everyone look for in a nightclub? 1. beautiful people of the opposite sex. marquee had some of the most beautiful women i've ever seen in a nightclub. the waitresses included, there are some BAD FEMALES in the area, please.. BE CAREFUL! unlike certain vegas clubs that have fallen off in the past, there aren't those weird middle-aged couples lurking around, or aging mr. rogers lookalikes rocking fake tans and ed hardy t-shirts with sunglasses on looking like they're gonna roofy the first 21 year old they see.2. premier talent and slapping music. its amazing to see the transition into house, trance, electro, whatever-type music over the past few years. from bringing in hip hop artists now to some of the top DJs in the world.. they host dirty south, avicii, kaskade, ec twins, ATB, dash berlin, etc. etc... the creme de la creme!3. a spacy, aired-out venue with solid vibes. table service here is solid, the waitresses are beautiful, friendly, and not too overbearing. they also provide security on your bottles and most table areas are closely guarded to warn off freeloaders!the lower level has a full bar, a few tables, a dance floor, but the traffic is non-stop because of its proximity to the elevators. its the hip hop level. the middle level connects with the outside pool/cabana area and is where the nightly DJ will be spinning, and where you'll be spending most of your intoxicated evening. a circular dancefloor similar to XS, it gets damn crowded in there. there's two bars nearby, the bathrooms, and the connecting doors to the outside area. all blasting HOUSE HOUSE HOUSE! unce unce unce.. lastly, the third level is more a lounge type scene. billiards table, small bar, bathrooms, and more of a rock-ish vibe.. definitely an area to chill and converse with females earlier on in the night while you still have your dignity.4. moderately priced, strong, alcoholic drinks! the other times i've been here the girls have gotten tons of free drink tickets, combine that with a massive pregame session and most of them gladly gave them to me because of their pathetic tolerances.. haha just kidding ladies! seriously though, at all of the premier clubs the prices are steep but most of the time they do use top shelf. don't order like an ass clown and tip generously and your 'vodka redbull' will come out with goose or belvedere instead of SKYY.5. clean, open bathrooms without a long line. there are bathrooms on every level and the security is extremely strict. there's security inside, they can be seen peeking through the cracks a few seconds after  you enter to make sure no illegal activity is going on, shining their flashlights underneath the stalls patrolling around in pursuit of the super intoxicated, and keeping their eyes out for the mega-wasted. its tougher to get to the bathroom from the dancefloors because of the ultrapacked sardine-can like conditions inside.. but once you're there there shouldn't be a wait because the line of urinals is the longest in the city.all in all, marquee is one of the newest clubs in one of the newest hotels in the state. arguably one of the best clubs in the nation, check it out and step your nightlife game up. i'll be back to cause more mischief.. SOONER THAN YOU THINK!
4	I like the idea of multiple levels with different music, but the STAIRS! Ladies, you know what I'm talking about. Unless you've got someone willing to carry you up and down a few flights, stairs are not our friends, and Marquee has plenty of them.The mix of the crowd here was a little strange... Saw someone who looked like my friends dad on the dance floor. He was just standing still in the middle of all the madness texting...Maybe I'm nitpicking but I wasn't impressed by the restrooms here. They were kind of small and not too pretty.It was impossible to get on the floor towards the end because Avicii was playing that night. We were fine hanging outside by the pool where we made friends with a couple guys who had bottle service. I liked the pool area a lot. I loved the jacuzzis next to the cabanas! Too bad we couldn't use them :( The outside area is spacious enough where you can get some air, yet small enough that you can walk around and socialize. Or in our case, dance in our seats while random guys gave us lap dances.
4	My friend and I were able to get in for free (which I've never had the luxury of doing since I'm never in Vegas with just girls).  There are ins & outs once you get stamped, so after we had climbed up all of those warehouse looking stairs, we THEN decided to go get some free drinks at another place before the cut off time... so yes, we walked back down those flights of stairs just for free drinks.  The last time I was here, I got kicked out b/c I couldn't handle a drink a guy at the bar bought me and my b/f (jager, goldschlagger, & patron, but I think the bartender used cabo wabo instead).  So it was like I was seeing the nightclub for the first time!  I didn't make it to the Library, but I enjoyed the Mainstage & the Boombox room.  The patio side was also very nice (what I see most of my visits at Marquee).  I went on a Friday and it was crowded, but it honestly wasn't horrible. We were able to walk around and dance w/o being pushed around (with the exception of the mainstage dance floor).Drinks are still great and well worth it (I usually get an Adios or Long Island).  Not sure if walking up and down the flights of stairs is the new thing they're doing now, but all of the other times I've gone, I entered and exited through the 2nd floor elevators which took us up to the nightclub level and back down to the hotel level.I can't wait until the pool opens up again - my FAVORITE DAYCLUB!Marquee never lets me down!
4	Packed, for a reason, such a poppin' club!This place is really really gorgeous, and everywhere you go, inside or out, is such a nice atmosphere. They even set it up for your in the elevators, where you just get even more excited to be there. It is really really cold in the winter, so while the outside is beautiful, ITS COLD, haha. Since this place is so popular, get a promoter to get your group in, it will make your time there go much more smoothly. We went in with a little uneven ratio, with one guy more, but it was still okay. IT can get pretty packed on the main dance floor since it isn't ridiculously large, but hey the music and the alcohol can make any place a good time.Also, the EC twins headlined our night. Apparently, they have a yearlong residency at Marquee this year..they are great!!!!!!
2	Packed like a sardine can. Difficult to move around = difficult to have fun.Contact a promoter (via facebook or twitter or texting) and they'll get you with ladies (free) and guys ($45 cover), contingent that you have a guy-girl ratio greater than one. Line is long so be sure you plan accordingly.But once inside Marquee, the world comes crashing down. It was a super windy night we went, so you couldn't go outside since it was blistering cold (and it really was) so everyone was jammed inside. I would've much preferred to go to a less crowded club and had some real fun.My friend yacked, and they kicked us out, but it was kinda nice actually since they helped clear the way for us to leave, and the bouncers had the decency to walk us back up to our room in Cosmo. Great service in that regard.
4	Free cover + nice bouncers + open bar + house music = unforgettable (or rather, forgettable I should say) experience! I will be back, Marquee!
5	Marquee's reputation for being the #1 club in Vegas is no joke. Superb ambiance and great scenery. You will also find the hottest girls in the Milky Way here.It was $80 to see Kaskade for guys; the girls in my group got in free of charge because my friend knew a promoter.You have to see Marquee to believe the hype, though be prepared to be stuck in traffic if you are able to make it to the dance floor.
5	When can I go back?? Marquee is the BEST time that I've had at Vegas. Seriously, Hip Hop Floor. Doesn't get better than that. Yes yes, it's crowded but hip hop music in the vegas club scene is hard to find nowadays so once you find it, grab on to it for dear life. We also got free drink tickets left-and-right and even in line for the restroom. It was nice to have the option of going out on to the balcony and cooling off before diving back into the crowd again. Perfect for the young 20's crowd.
5	Best club I have ever been to Hands down!!! In order to get in you will need to get on the guest list or come really early to get in line. Girls are 20 dollars and guys 30 depending on the night of the event. According to some guys on this night if you don't have girls with you expect to drop plenty of cash to get in or getting bottle service. All the bouncers and bar tender were really friendly. The Dj is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!! Playing from top 40's, hip hop, a little of dub step, techno and some really good mixes. This place is HUGE 3 floors and alooott of stairs so be prepared to walk up and down alot. Use the Elevator on the second floor if your planning to leave to avoid the stairs on your way out. Second floor is the Best!!! I cant wait to come back for a special event, New years or Halloween. No wonder this club is #1 on Best Clubs in Las Vegas!! :)
3	After trying out this club several times now...I have to say, I kinda dislike the oh so popular Marquee!Ok, I'll give it to them...they have a super awesome line up EVERY weekend. Dash Berlin, Avicii, Tiesto, Kaskade, etc etc, it's like damn, I just wanna spend my whole life in Marquee. But then...you remember the layout. Sure it's all glammed up, but really, it's kind of poorly designed. The circular dance floor is SUPER small, especially at a place hosting such fancy DJs, so it gets too crowded like a rock concert. Plus air circulation is pretty bad. There's a couple ways to get outside, but only the main one is opened constantly to let air in so that basically means...no air, all body heat. The bouncers can sometimes be really douchy too. I get that they want you to move off the aisle, but when that big DJ starts his set and everyone's crazy excited and squished like sardines, REALLY, you can't move ok?!So come here if you are (1) super crazy in love with your superstar DJ and must hear him or you will die (2) a hot girl who can flirt your way to a comfortable table with a good view (3) a guy who can afford bottle service and then allow that girl flirting with you to chill at your table. It's a nice place to check out, but not my definitely not my favorite place on the strip.
4	I'm giving marquee 4 stars, because it is a popular club and not necessarily because I had a great experience there. Anyone yelping to find a good club in Vegas, marquee is one of the coolest clubs to date.Kalila and I went for my friend Sam's birthday on a Monday night. "Marquee Monday" is party rock themed. Go dressed in either "party rock" attire or semi-casual."Party Rock" attire involves anything the guys from LMFAO would wear. Giant afros, big framed glasses, anything neon & bright, anything animal print, anything fur.This place was absolutely PACKED. It was hard to walk around and hard to dance, but that doesn't stop people from having themselves a great time. Being bumped into is a normal part of nightlife. Marquee is definitely doing something right if they can fill their entire place up on a MONDAY. They have a great thing going for them with their alliteration.They have 3 different floors. I only got to go to 2 floors. There was a party rock floor with all EDM (electric dance music) and "The Boombox" with all hip-hop music.When I left, I went to Pho Kim Long! ....which I also wrote a review for! ;)
4	Every time I go here I wish I were a girl and didn't have to pay the $40 - $70 cover. I guess everybody wanted to see Kascade that night.Anyway, this is one of the hottest new clubs in Vegas competing with XS. The layout is pretty novel. There's an elevator that takes you up on first entry. Once in, you can go to three levels. The hip hop floor, the main floor which has a pool and the top floor, which is more of a lounge. Personally, I've never gone to the top because I never knew it existed.The best part about this club is the re-entry. Which means you can go out, get some cheap drinks and come back in. The only problem is the maze you have to navigate through and the 15 flights of stairs you have to walk down and then back up. And also, depending on the time, you may get blocked from re-entry because of the sheer amount of people. Luckily I got back in 20 minutes before they shut it off.All in all, it's a pretty nice club. There's a waterfall in the back, pool on the main floor, dance floor in front of the DJ, tons of people to talk to and heat lamps outside for when you get cold. I can't tell you about the drinks because I'm sure it's $15 for a jack and coke like the rest of Vegas.Probably the funniest part is continuous line of people being wheelchaired in and out. Makes for a good drinking game.
2	Overrated mainstream house club with recycled DJ's. Come here if you like to be seen and jumping on the bandwagon. This place really has no decor and is really plain and dull which surprised me since it's inside the bedazzled Cosmopolitan. Nothing but bitchy douche bags in this place. Also, to re-enter this club you need to climb four/five flights of stairs so keep that in mind.Came here for Kaskade NYE 2012 with complimentary tickets. I would not pay for this club.
1	Too loud........loudest club on the strip.  $8,000 later, people were in our VIP booth uninvited.  Need better security in VIP.  Id rather have a root canal than go back, this club is worse than the halocaust.
3	The club itself is beautiful. Different rooms and bar areas to lounge in. Thank god for a hip hop room... I don't know why it's so hard to find hip hop in vegas. Even with Marcus Schulz spinning in the main room, as reputable as he is, I just can't get my party on to trance. wompwompwomp unce unce unce... NOOOO! I want to groove and grind, not jump!  Anyway, beautiful atmosphere and view on top of the cosmo. The BAD- SERIOUSLY?! ALL THOSE STAIRS!!?!?!?!?! How can you expect me to get all dolled up and climb up all those stairs AND when I drink how am I supposed to make my way back down??! I don't understand!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Do people get carried out of this place or what? I really would love to party here more whenever I'm in town but it's just not practical for me. The event hosts/promoters/bouncers are really sweet and helpful, not douchey like other places so I really wanted to make this a regular spot. I just don't want to worry about how I'm going to get out of there or how much my feet are hurting before I even start getting my party on.
4	Beautiful patio, seating, dance floor, lights, and performers here! I've come here on several occasions and it's always really fun. Some days I'll have off nights where I just won't feel it but I love the dj's who come here, which are mainly electro and house. So if you don't like this music, there's a second floor that plays hip hop!Watch out during huge events because the dance floor can get crowded, you can't even dance, and it starts smelling like sweat!!!! That's the only downfall so get there early and stay there!The group I was with was too large that we all stayed outside where it was nice and cool and we created our own little circle and danced the night away. They also have these cool hammocks. My friend and I were getting dance crazy and started rocking the hammock so hard, a security guard came up to us and said "Are you guys kids??" LOL. oops.
5	Awesome nightclub in Vegas!My friend and I got in free because we got hookups with a promoter. They also had some special deal that night for free drinks for girls from 10-11pm - not sure how often they have this? It was the first and only time I'd gone to Marquee.I really like how they have multiple floors with different ambiances and music. We stayed on the main dancefloor the majority of the time. It was a lot of fun and the music was really good. The only downside was that sometimes I felt like I couldn't handle the intense strobelights hahaha I literally had to stop dancing for a few instances because the lights were so crazy. I would definitely come back when it's not so cold! I went during winter break so I didn't spend much time standing outside - but I imagine that when it's warm, lots of people stand outside because there is a beautiful view overlooking the strip.
3	Been here twice and both of my experiences were A-OK. It wasn't the best that's for sure. The rest of Vegas has treated me better.I say this because, it's too much walking to get anywhere around in the club. Let me get this straight, it's nice that it's perfectly spaced out, but during one of my visits, I had to climb a million of stairs, and that was just the entrance! Elevators were shut down that time around. Luckily, on another visit, I took an elevator up and that saved a lot of time. But boy, these stairs were a bit tricky. Too much focusing for a girl who's intoxicated, haha.Also, they have a house/techno floor and the bottom room would usually blast hip hop which was the perfect combo, until one night... Hip hop room was playing some good oldies my first visit. AND I definitely enjoyed that. But during my second visit, I heard the hip hop playing and by the time I got into the room (around midnight), they started to play MORE house music. We already had the top floor playing it, why should the second floor play it too? If I wanted house music, I would've walked to the top floor! The whole damn club had house music on so I definitely bounced from that club within an hour since I expected the hip hop room to be craccin out hip hop music all night. It didn't. I got tired of waiting for it to come back!I think both dance floors should be bigger too. The hip hop room is ALWAYS, ALWAYS crowded. This club has a lot of lounge areas though. Which is the good part about this club. It gives a lot of areas where people can chill. Dancing AND lounging definitely do not mix in this club. THAT'S THE WAY IT SHOULD BE IN ALL CLUBS. I definitely hate sitting at a table, and less than a foot away some chick and dude are dry humping in my face. This club keeps the separation of the dance floor and tables perfectly apart. People shouldn't confuse the table area as a dance floor!Oh, and I do like the fact that there are barely any lines in their bathroom AND they have hella bars to get your drinks from. PLUS!
4	Just came here last weekend.  It was my second time and my experience was much improved from the first.  The first time I came here I had to wait over an hour in line to get in, and I got there early.  This time my boy talked to one of the promoters and let us in through the "secret line."This place is huge.  3 levels, the bottom level plays hip hop, the main level plays edm, and the top level is pretty much just a little lounge to chill.  I don't know why I can't give this place 5 stars.  It has so much potential.  Marquee books big name DJs to perform on the main stage.  The light wall behind the DJ is incredible.  If you don't like EDM you can go downstairs to get your groove on to some hip hop.  If you're a little tired you can go upstairs and take a break.  There's even access from the main floor to get outside by the pool for some fresh air.  And there's beautiful women everywhere. Here's where Marquee needs to rethink.  So you decide to make your club huge, 3 levels in fact, but there's a limited number of elevators you can access to get from floor to floor. No one wants to wait 20 minutes to get to from floor to floor.  Then you think it's okay there's stairs. The worst idea.  Nobody wants to walk a million flights of stairs either.  Invest in a ESCALATOR PLEASE!  Also, Marquee has to be breaking the capacity law because it's like sardines in the damn place.  I don't want other dudes rubbing up on me while they're trying to get pass me. On a side note: if you get faded, most likely you won't even care about all these problems.  So just have a lot to drink, and enjoy all the potential Marquee has.
1	Too many girls.. correction.. too many UGLY hoes (besides us :) )We were a like a group of beautiful swans amongst the herd of wilder beasts.If you were to offer VIP access, look with your eyes first, don't just hand them to any fucking short, ugly, fat girl. That wait in "VIP" line was soooo unappetizing.I thought Vegas clubs got higher standards. Got in and out in 10 minutes.. never again.. good luck.
4	Supposedly the "most visually appealing club in Las Vegas". We were here for a Markus Schulz performance so we bought the $30 tickets ($20 women) ahead of time. Before buying I called the club and asked them if hotel guests get anything special, and was told we get to use a special guest door. What she neglected to tell me, even after I specifically asked, was that we didn't need to buy tickets. I could have saved that money for 1.5 drinks!After this annoying discovery, I was at least happy to get inside and find a really dope club. This place is huge, and it has an awesome outside area with more bars, another DJ booth and pools. Had it been warmer, I'm assuming that's where the Dayclub is. The inside also lived up to the visually appealing claim. There was a huge LED screen / stage behind the main DJ booth with costumed women dancing around. Probably the only downside was the relatively small dance floor. How can you consider yourself a top dance club when there's barely any room to even move around? I basically just had to accept the fact that people were going to continuously bump into me to start having a good time. The shots helped too I suppose... All-in-all I had an amazing time. Would definitely go back.
5	Who: Marquee Night Club!  Where: CosmopolitanWhat: Best Club in TownWhen: Monday Nights the best or weekend i guess.Why: Because they have a Boom Box Room that spins Hip Hop and not just ElectrotechnohouseRoboJobo like everywhere elseHow:  Get presale tix.  You have to be in shape to walk in this club.  You must drink before you get in. You must look your best and be on your best behavior.Marquee got the best club layout I've ever been to. I love the way its decorated and looks.  Bartenders Cool, DJ's Cool, Security Buttholes, Drinks too expensive, Layout is awesome!!!
5	MARQUEE NEVER FAILS!! After a year, it's still my fave nightclub in Vegas! :DCame here last Friday & Saturday night. Yes..twice in one weekend. We didn't mean for it to happen, but our Saturday plans got a little messed up, so we were left with Tao or Marquee again. Majority decided to go to Marquee again because it was Above & Beyond. I'm glad we went again. Music was good (especially on Saturday night!). House on the main floor. Hip-hop on the bottom floor. & more good music upstairs in the library :) Love that there's an outdoor table/bar area too on the main floor.Friday night, the girls were free & the 3 guys had to pay $30/each. Not bad..especially for Marquee.Saturday night, the girls were free & the 4 guys had to pay $70/each. Luckily, the girls are such great friends that we all pitched in so that the guys wouldn't have to pay it all themselves. Great friends huh?? Haha. Totally worth it though. We waited in the guestlist line, but it wasn't for very long. No complaints. One thing that I discovered for the first time this trip was their never-ending stairs to get out of the place. OMG, I thought my feet were going to fall off! I've never gone out of the club that way, but someone led us that way. BAD MOVE. Very dangerous...especially with drunk people..or even drunk girls in heels. We did that on Friday night. On Saturday night, I made sure that we didn't go out the same way...for everyone's sake, haha! We went out using the elevator..THANK GOD! Nonetheless, MARQUEE IS A DEFINITE MUST..if you're trying to go to a nightclub! :D
3	Marquee is an okay club. I mean I hear people either love it or just don't bother. And for me, I thought it was decent, not the best, not the worst, just decent/okay, whatever you call average. But Marquee has STAIRS. How many times I went up and down these stairs, IDK. But it sucks especially for us girls who are wearing heels. My feet were hurting from my heels, and they rarely hurt! So Stairs is definitely a con. The atmosphere and decor is pretty cool. And the set up of the club is pretty nice. The first floor after climbing some stairs is Hip-Hop/Top 40's. Pretty good if you like that kind of music. I know my girls and I enjoy it. The next floor is I guess the main floor. The guest DJs are always there and it gets super packed. I went there when Deadmau5 was DJing. So definitely the club was packed that they closed off the main dance floor. A con since you can only leave the dance floor but not go back...They also hand out cool foam glow sticks. Also on that floor, is the pool area. Nice if you want to go out for fresh air. The top floor is pretty chill. You can sit there and just watch the people on the main dance floor.Overall, I still think Marquee is okay. Why? Because of all the stairs you have to climb. Music is okay, but I still say XS is better.
4	Marquee is my favorite nightclub in Vega$ now!  I came here on a Monday night around midnight.  Lines were confusing, I had to ask the bouncer where the line for general admission started.  I waited for about 20 minutes.  Once I got in, it was jam packed!  I was expecting the main floor a lot larger but apparently it's all an illusion from what I saw in pictures.  Marquee has a pretty high ceiling with giant tvs, which makes it look a lot larger in pictures, but reality is not.  I bumped into people constantly.  The DJ table is right there in front of you and this makes it pretty cool though.  Anyway, DJ Vice was spinning that night and he was GOOD.  He played from Wonderwall to Top40, in between he mixed with house/techno music seamlessly.  He got me on the dance floor all night.  I also checked out the infamous stairs of course.  The library was having a karaoke night and the boom box was all hiphop.  I preferred DJ Vice for sure.  I stayed on the main dance floor for the rest of the night.  I have to say there are far less creeps than other clubs, maybe because it's a monday night?  I don't know.  I had only one drink and the bartender was very attentive and quick.  I can't comment on the price either because got a drink ticket from a guy but I am pretty sure it is priced at a vega$ price.  Overall I had much fun even though I was sober.  I will definitely go back!
1	This is for the very rude security guard inside the club.Thanks for being the rudest, most un-gentlemen like person I have ever had to encounter.Thanks for pulling and grabbing my wrist so hard, and yelling at me, a girl, because the place was so crowded that you thought I was pushing. F YOU, douche bag!
2	Overly crowded club, we paid $50 to get in per person and we were not allowed on the dance floor because it was to crowded. So refund us please!! I'll go to somewhere else next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Best Club in Las VegasLines: If it's your first time the lines could get kind of confusing. I suggest going onto the Second floor in front of the Entrance there's usually a guy who's holding a Marquee direction pole. YES its a pole with Arrows telling you where to go, either your Guest list, All girls, Ticket Holders, or General Mission that sign will tell you where you need to go. The lines can get pretty long, so I suggest go early like 10-10:30 after that expect a wait. Wait time's can get to be over 2 1/2 hours I've even heard. They are very strict on the guy to girl ratio so 1:1 at least. Music: EDM, top 40. Marquee lives up to the name "Ibiza to Vegas" If you didn't know Ibiza is like EDM party central in Europe. Always the best line up expect nothing better than Marquee. Trust me Marquee never disappoints to put on a great show. Price: General Admission for guys is $70 and girls $30. So I advise you to either buy tickets early (which I've heard is cheaper) or have a promoter. Girls added to Guest list are free. Drinks are pretty pricy, for a crown and coke it was $14, but its Vegas what can you do.
4	Marrrqueeee. I need to thank you for a couple of things:1. providing a legitimate cardio workout with the many flights of stairs that lead to the club2. the second entrance with the shorter line! Screw waiting in the line for the main entry!3. after I'm dying and nearly sober from #1, entering a club that has multiple levels on top of it4. constantly looking like a loner because our group kept losing each other in this multi-level venue5. the (very unamused) bouncer who helped me find my purse at 4:30am ... amazing.and lastly, thank you for putting so many escalators right next to the club. drunk people like me tend to drop things off of them. Like iphones for instance. But luckily my 4S is a trooper... and luckily it only fell one story. So for now marquee remains in my top 3 vegas clubs, but definitely will not top XS anytime soon!
4	This is one of the newer clubs that hit the scene recently in Vegas. I hear that it is over hyped and could possibly be. They have a nice day club for summer (but i went during winter). They have 3 floors, one floor that plays house music which is the main floor then a top floor which is called the library (probably my favorite) because it is so chill. then a bottom floor which is hip hop. I didn't get a table so i can't really talk about it, but all in all it seemed cracking. Something to note: wear flats ladies (lots of stairs...) guys? make sure you have a better ratio or at least money to pay the bouncers, or good luck getting in. Unless you know someone this is one of those establishments.
1	I was part of a bachelorette party on Sat Jan 28th with 13 girls.  We bought 2 bottles for $1400 at approx 1AM and each had about 1-2 drinks since we only had 2 bottles.  At approx 2:45AM some of us decided to go to the restroom.  One of my friends sat on the counter to rest and was rudely told by a security guard to get off the counter...she did but then she kinda leaned on it again and this time the guard yelled at her to get off and to show her ID.  We told her we left our belongings at the table and she was sorry so she said send another friend to go get the ID as I stood next to my friend waiting for it.  She then proceeded to call security to escort my friend out.  I was shocked since she had just sent my other friend to go get the ID.  Why didn't she just tell us to all leave or escort us all out instead of making us split and get lost from each other.  As they escorted my friend out they wouldn't let us go with her from the same exit they wanted us to leave her alone and go out from another exit.  If my friend was too intoxicated as the security claimed why would Marquee management not want their clients to leave their venue accompanied by friends instead of alone?  We spend $1400 to enjoy less than 2 hrs of fun and we all got lost from each other and our belongings.  Horrible night.  The Bachelor party that was supposed to be on Feb 4th will be changed to a different club.
3	3.5 stars. Marquee is the new "it" club recently, and I can see why. There decor is elaborate, as expected, and the place is huge. There's an outdoor pool area, and a bunch of different rooms with different DJs/music. The main floor, from what I remember, plays electro, and there's another room that plays hip hop. Those were the most popular. It is so chaotic inside on a busy night. If you come with a group that's more than 4 people, expect to get broken up, because my group got broken up for the rest of the night practically the moment we stepped in. Someone got lost, someone fell, someone lost their cell phone, someone got kicked out, someone shoved someone, etc. The entrance and exits are really confusing too. I remember having to walk up and down like, 5 flights of stairs behind the club, just to get out. My main complaint though is that my friend got kicked out for no reason. I literally was walking next to him across the room and a bouncer picked him out and escorted him out the club. Positive: Different rooms with different music and crowd to accommodate your mood throughout the night. Negative: Bouncers and confusing layout.
4	**Nightclub Review** Can you say: UNTZ UNTZ UNTZ? yes, I've always wanted to start my review off like that! The sound of thumping noise! w00tWhat makes this club stand out from the other places? Its kind of hard to say, but what I enjoyed the most was the DANCE FLOOR.  The LIGHTING and SMOKE effects helped create an amazing dancing experience.  I was *FIST* pumping all night! Sweat till you can't sweat no more, I say.Wipe that sweat off your forehead and head to the PATIO.  Its more or less impressive at night (anyways).  Being that it was Winter, I was not able to enjoy the poolside much but it was nonetheless good to look at as well as the surrounding hotels with pretty glowing lights.  There's ample room to move about, so if you get tired of body bumping on the dance floor, definitely come out here to cool off before you gyrate like a lunatic again. One more thing to mention, there's a little stage out in the patio with a ginormous display that lets you peep into what's happening inside.My lovely guests and I were on a guest list to their LIBRARY BAR which was a few flights up as you get past the Elevators.  Once you make it up the stairs and pass the bouncer, you are now inside a quaint bar that appears to look like a library.  And no, not like your local library, like a private home library inside a fancy home.  Hands down, a great secluded area to chill away from all that noise happening downstairs.  But if you want to checkout the action, there's a side door that allows you to stare down at the dance floor.While all these things are great and fantastic, the most "cray cray" and annoying thing about Marquee was the stairway that you MUST take to depart the club.  It was long and luckily I do not wear heels! That's the only complaint I have.If you have a crazy itch to get your dance on, I highly recommend coming here.  Happy UNTZ-ing!
4	This place is always crackin' and the guestlist line is always long, but moves pretty fast! Girls get in for free, but guys... if you wanna avoid the long line, just buy the ticket ahead of time and pick it up at the will call!Like I said in my previous review, there's a never ending flight of stairs you gotta conquer just to get into the club's main room/hip hop room! You'll see hella girls walking down those stairs with their heels in their hands by the end of the night!There's an outside area which isn't too bad! The bar there is always quick to serve you your drinks!!! The bathrooms are also located outside, and there's a small bar right next to it! VERY convenient! lol
4	The CLUB to be in Vegas. I've been here several times and it's never let me down. Monday nights are the industry nights, so the club is jumpin'-jumpin'. And once a month, if you're lucky to attend it is Party Rock Monday, hosted by LMFAO.The line waits are ridiculous, being on the guest list doesn't help. The only way to expedite the process is to shell out the money for a table and depending on the night, it can cost thousands!The club has an excellent lay out. A nice round dance floor, an upper level with a room called "The Library." This club has it all. The music, the signature cocktails, excellent VIP "celebrity" guests, excellent DJs. During the Summer Marquee Day Club is awesome! It's set up in a large square, so no one really gets lost. The cabanas are dope and have private hot tubs, which are see through... Sometimes that is a good thing, sometimes, it's an epic fail! (Think Grandpa!)Marquee really delivers the "Vegas" experience and I highly recommend making this club a To-Do.
1	Got my money stolen from me by the bouncers.... thats so wrong.  They took my purse when they were checking how sober I was and after that all my cash was gone.
1	Skip this club and go to XS.I've been to Marquee Nightclub 3 times, but never to the Dayclub so this review doesn't apply to the latter. It seems like the whole night, the play the same song over and over.  Dont get me wrong, I love house and trance.  But it needs to evolve throughout the night! XS is better because they mix familiar pop/top40 songs into the house which gets people dancing more.But thats not even my biggest complaint.After hours and hours of wearing heals and dancing until my feet want to explode, and all i want to do is go back to the hotel, relax my feet and feet and eat pizza... THEY MAKE YOU WALK DOWN FOUR FLIGHTS OF STAIRS TO EXIT! wtf!Every time I go back to the club, I think to my myself "hey, its not so bad here... why did I hate it so much?" and then I'm confronted with the stairs again and remember.  I'm not out of shape or anything... I just like wearing cute heals!  sigh.
5	As of 2/2012, this is the second newest club behind Light Group's 1OAK that replaced Jet at Mirage. I personally don't like Tao Nightclub, the same group that manages Marquee but this place is definitely amazing and is a standard of modern nightclubs anywhere else in the world should follow. I honestly take XS with a slight edge of this venue but Marquee is awesome because it has various dance floors, especially the downstairs area that plays hip hop music. The facility is clean and sophisticated and it's great even when it is not pool season because they usually open up the Dayclub area to give more space to the huge crowd that packs this place on weekends. What's also cool is they have a switch/sound board type setup outside to project live video footage of the DJ spinning on the main dance floor. As for the Dayclub, I did join a friend who had a cabana here last summer and this place was very clean and professional as well. Of course all the staff and almost all guests looked in great shape. I highly recommend hitting up this place if you want to see what one of the newest nightclubs in Vegas is like and if your music taste is both hip hop/top 40 or electronic dance music. To compete with XS's lineup, this club's 2012 residencies include Avicii, Kaskade, Benassi, R3hab, Chuckie, LMFAO and possibly some other good ones I left out.
4	We got tickets for Dj Chuckie and were told to arrive at 9:30!! Way to early, we were one of the first ones in there. By 12:30 we were dead tired.Everyone always talks about the stairs... yes for ladies if  your wearing heals it is a pain but we stayed on the main floor so none of our girls complained. The EDM floor had plenty of room because it opened to the outside so not to much problem with crowding.The drink prices are vegas prices so no surprise there. Now back to arriving early. We started the party waaaay to early! One of our friends drank a little to much and we had to take care of her.  She was climbing on stuff and laying down so the bouncers got kind of mad but you can't blame them. by 12:30 we left....We didn't get to see Chuckie. Oh well.Just make sure to not arrive to early or you won't make it through the night.
5	Great venue!  I've been to Marquee several times, and I must say, it definitely grows on you and gets better each time.  The club is broken up into several different areas and dancefloors, which can be tricky if you have a big group, because it's easy to get separated, so make sure to have a spot to meet up if you get split up.The main dance floor can get crowded, but has great music, and leads right to an outdoor area where you grab drinks and mingle with the crowd.  The island bar is set up very nicely, making it is easily approachable on all sides so there isn't any pushing or shoving to get a round of drinks.  They have heat lamps every few feet as well so the girls don't get cold if you're there in the winter time.  There is a lot of space, so if you start feeling smothered by the dance floor, it's a nice place to take a breather and break up the crowds.The lines to get in can get long and cause a major headache, but re-entry is extremely fast and easy so I would recommend coming at 9, and getting stamps so you can pregame elsewhere and then hit the club later on when you're ready to go.  You can re-enter from the exit, and you literally just show them your stamps and you're back in.Bar prices are pretty standard as far as Vegas goes, and the decor and lighting at the venue are outstanding.  Definitely a place you have to check if you've never been, and a place to revisit after seeing what the other clubs have to offer.
3	Not my favorite spot to party, but it's tolerable enough to spend on a Friday night. Perhaps it just wasn't a good night. I don't know, I just don't really see the hype. My friends and I bought pre-sale tickets to see DJ Chuckie this weekend and arrived around 12:30AM. Since we had tickets already, the bouncer just let us up to the front and we got in rather quickly. The elevator service to take us to the club was impressive and the operator was good at getting everyone pumped. As soon as I stepped into the club, the dance floor was PACKED. We squeezed our way to the dance floor but were unsuccessful at getting anywhere closer than at the very back. DJ Chuckie was okay, but I've heard better and I guess I wasn't really feeling the vibe at first. Especially after I accidentally ended up eating confetti twice when they turned the machine on two times during a 15 minute time period. Guess I shouldn't open my mouth to scream, "WHOOOOOOO!!!!" whenever they turn the machine on. We left the dance floor to grab drinks, and since I already pre-gamed, I decided to just get an orange juice. However, upon paying $4 for a small glass and tasting it, I discovered that it was WATERED DOWN by a lot. Come on, bartenders. You're charging me more than double the amount of what it's worth but serving me half the actual amount of what it is. Not cool. And I guess leaving the dance floor was a bad idea, since the bouncers were not letting people back in throughout the night, so we just decided to dance towards the back of the club at the entrance to the outdoor area. My friends got separated often because it was so crowded and hard to find each other. The outdoor area is quite pretty, although not nearly as spacious as XS or Surrender. There weren't a lot of sitting areas and walking around in 5-inch heels are not fun when you're wandering around looking for a seat.Overall, it was an okay experience, although it wouldn't be my first choice. It is, after all, one of the "hottest" clubs in Vegas at the moment and they attract a pretty friendly crowd.
3	alot of stairs to get in and out of this placeno wait to get in, saw someone at the doordoes not use Video SL for music or at from I saw, just sounds and lights, not mixing videosparking was very easy, valet actionabout 90% capacity, can't expect much here since it's Feb. and the weather is mildheads up normal people can still get in, some reviews claim you have to be shit to get in, hey ok to be a legend in your own mind, no worriesservice not bad at the bars, get a drink in less than 15 minutes, $14 for vodka/ pineapple using grey goose, heavy handedat 90% still had areas to chilloverall service and security was goodalot of asianssaw a girl or two get slapped arounddance floor, body to body literally, you will bump into someone, someone made a comment when it happened, why are you here is my question?party with snobs, you must not be that perfect if your partying with common ppl right?last 3 comments reflect the only negative about my experience
5	This is a really well designed nightclub.  I would definitely go again even though it was expensive.  The outdoor area by the pool was heated and gave people a nice way to escape the crowd while still being able to watch the dj on the big screen tv.  This place handles large crowds very well.
4	Marquee is a fantastic super club located in the new Cosmopolitan Hotel. I came here on a Saturday night with my lady and it cost us $70 to enter ($50 for me $20 for her). The question everyone is thinkingis, is it better than XS? In my opinion no, I like the feel and attitude of XS better. While Marquee is slightly bigger and has more rooms with different kinds of music, some of these rooms do get very cramped. They play amazing music and this place is lots of fun. Definitely a great place to party, just not a 5 star establishment. The other negative here is that they don't let you drink while waiting in line, which for me is unheard of in Vegas. If you're going to make me wait 20+ minutes in line I should at least be able to have a drink.
4	I had an amazing time at Marquee on my last two trips to Vegas.  This Cosmopolitan club has been the go to club for the last couple of season and I have a feeling they are going to have a pretty long reign at the top.  They bring in amazing DJs that perform on their main dance floor, I was lucky enough to catch Kaskade on my last trip.  Warning thought, if a major DJ is playing the main floor will get PACKED!  If you want to fight it out for a good spot on the floor head over a couple hours before they go on stage.  Once you are inside there are three different themed floors, the main floor (house/EDM), the Boom Box room (hip hop and pop), and the library (a much mellower vibe).  The main floor also connects to an outside area that has another DJ.  The decor is dark but very artsy hip in the color theme of mostly black and purple.  I'm not sure if artsy hip that is the right way to describe it, but those were the words that I thought of when I went.  Of course there are bars everywhere to help you dance the night away and fight away the cold if you are outside in the winter.  The drink prices are pretty standard for Vegas...expensive, but that is Vegas for you.I highly recommend getting in touch with a promoter.  If you are an all girl group and it is a holiday weekend you should be fine getting in for free.  If you have a good ratio (I would say at least 4 girls to 1 guy if not more girls) than the girls again should be fine, but guys be prepared to pay at least $50.  If you are a big all guy group look into shelling out the big bucks for a table. When meeting promoters to let you in, be sure to find the Queue Bar that is a couple floors below the main entrance of the club because that is where they meet you to take you up to the club.  The only reason why this place loses a star is because of the STAIRS.  No elevators! You might get to use one if you get the right promoter on the way in, but after that you will feel your heels ever step up and/or down for the rest of the night.
5	This is definitely the best club I've been to in my life. Or maybe because i was there for KASKADE 3 times and ATB once. From oct 2011 to dec 2011 i went to vegas 4 times for Marquee Kaskade 3x and ATB once and all those times i was never disappoint. I love the house floor... Kaskade puts on a GREAT show and its worth watching. Those who don't like house end up enjoying the light shows, props, and his music. I paid $20 for the first two times and $30 for the last time. Kaskade's valuation definitely sky rocketed this year, he's just too good. The dance floor gets super packed, esp when the dj's come out at 1am. Be careful! BTW, if you're ever bored look at the floor and find random $20's laying around. I found money quite a few times. If you're sick of the house floor, just go down the stairs to HIP HOP! totallly different scene with a different crowd. If you need fresh air, step outside to the swimming pool. I like sitting on the side of the pool with a good friend and just chat. Good times.Tip if you want to save $ on alcohol: get in line for marquee early (no later than 9pm), get stamp, then go out and go to the store next to marquee (they sell bottles), and reenter the club. We bought hennessy for less than $40 for both of us and red bull. We made our way to the chandelier bar right outside of marquee and just pregamed there. We didn't even finsih our bottle and shared shots with other people at the bar. It was fun socializing and getting  drunk before we went back in the club.  So we pretty much spent $20/person on Hennessy and met dope locals and LA kids. Another tip, impossible to get in during big events (kaskade, etc) if you either don't have a hotel guest key (cut the line to the front), no bottle service, no presale tickets, or you're not on guestlist, you probably won't get in. SO figure a plan before you go! other than that, don't waste your time.
5	All these people crying about not getting in/waiting/overpriced booze/etc.... You have to pay to play!This club brings in the big boys of EDM!  Atmosphere is great, could be a hassle to get in.  I've been here about 4 times and 2 of those times were VIP, about $6k the first time and $5k second time.  It's much better if you have a few friends you can split the cost with, and its totally worth it simply for the real estate you get as this club can and usually does get PACKED!SO, is it expensive?  OF COURSE!Does it regularly bring in mega names (Above & Beyond, ATB, Gareth Emery, Ferry, Benny, etc...) with Kaskade as resident DJ?  YES!Does it have mermaids?  Believe it or not, YES!  (summer time only people, common sense right?)Overall: The premiere club in Vegas at the moment!
5	5 stars because Marquee brings in really great talent and they keep things interesting. I came on a Saturday and the following Monday and they had slightly different decoration changes. Their "go-go dancers" behind the main DJ booth are always dressed in something Lady Gaga would wear which makes it fun and artistic and opposed to watching someone shake their butt around but they have those too. It's nice that they have a hip hop room for the non-electronic music folk. But do those kind of people even exist anymore? Cons? As you can read from the other reviews, it gets REALLY packed. Arrive 10pm if there's big name talent. You might still have to stand in a bit of a line. And you want to get into the little center space in front of the DJ before 11pm. But once you're in there, good luck trying to get out. Don't they have fire-safety rules for capacity?! Overall, drinks are standard vegas prices. The cabanas look nice and really expensive. I would definitely be back here to experience the day club. However, as for the night club; unless the talent draws me here, I'll probably be going to other "upscale nightclubs".
3	The decor of this club is very cool and Benny Benassi was amazing.  That is the only good things I can say.There are too many line ups, feels like airport security.They definitely let too many people in.  You're a sardine in a can just trying to get to the washrooms.The security personnel are extremely rude, I have never experienced mannerisms as horrible as that.One of my girlfriends was trying to ask the washroom attendant for a hair elastic and she was ignored for a few minutes while the girl was on her cell phone.  The girl then proceeded to be rude to her.  Ultimately, my friend got the hair elastic, the girl received no tip.I would like to come back to check out this club during the day, hopefully it will be better than my nighttime experience.
3	If Kaskade and Skylar Grey wasnt performer that night I would have left and gone to another club.  This place is big...vertically. So ladies wearing your CFM shoes will struggle exploring each room of this club.  Main floor is big, but not that big.  Our table area was shared with 4 other groups! CRAMPED! There's a hip hop room which only has a few tables, but its small!  The bar takes up half of the space! The so called library is really cool. Whoever decorated this space was fabulous! Literally it was like a library with a pool table and a snore. No music just a bar and seating areas.  Honestly, every club in Vegas is the same. Its only the people you go with makes the party fun.  But expect to spend at least $1k on table service. You do need a table though. Otherwise, you will have to stand and dodge people all night. No fun. The crowd is young and asian. lol Lots of asians. What was also cool was everytime the waitress delivers a bottle to a table, they're are follwed by a group of waitresses to help make their way through the crowd with glow sticks. Then they all chant like the bottle is some kind of god. lol bar backs are really good too.  They're constantly cleaning and organizing the table of glasses and making sure all chasers are full.
2	I'm not a club person but with family in town we decided to check this place out. Entry for our party of four was comped, although we had to tip the guy at the door. We entered at the third floor entrance and proceeded to walk up several flights of stairs. People aren't kidding when they say it's a long walk. We were following some... bigger folk... who had to take a few breaks to catch their breath. No joke.Once in the main part of the club, it was packed. Wall to wall people looking to get their dance on, but trapped like lab rats in some cruel experiment. The hip hop room was equally packed. Maybe I'm just too old, but it's no fun when you can't move an inch without some random dude grinding up against you.Seriously, if you don't get a table this place blows. Shell out the cash to get a table and over-priced bottles so you have a place to sit, dance, hang out, whatever.
3	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (26 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!I have to say that this club is one of the biggest ones on the strip but unfortunately they only play the fast music: house, trance, high energy, etc.  You will probably hear a good hip hop song but mixed in with some trance beat in the background.  Other than the music, this place is huge, there is room to breathe, and the club is pretty posh. What I don't like are the number of stairs that you have to trek to in order to get to the outdoor patio and back down.  This is not good for the drunk people especially the chicks in high heals.  So you see a lot of girls at the top of the patio resting on the side rails to catch their breathe after walking up the stairs.  The club does feature some hot DJs every once in awhile, but you have to get there early to beat the line, know one of the hosts, or sign up for a $3,000 minimum table tab with a group of people.  But there is usually good vibe of people here, and haven't had issues with the wait staff or security.
4	This club is super spacious and beautiful!!  I loved the random quotes on the walls, the decor, the outside patio with the beautiful pool...etc.Yes, those (six?) flights of stairs were pretty crazy...but what a way to start exercising as the night begins!This is the popular club of the moment, so come check it out.  Girls get comped, guys I suggest ordering tickets online so you don't have to wait in line.  Drinks are around ~$13.
2	With killer DJs, a sexy atmosphere, funny, friendly doormen and a positive vibe, you would think I'd be giving the Marquee a stellar review. Although these things are very important in a good nightclub, here's what made my recent visit to the Marquee a two-star experience:1. The feeling of constantly being herded like cattle. Ladies and gents, be warned. If you're not signing up to drop several bills on bottle service, your options of where you're "allowed" to be drop significantly. I was at the club with four other girls celebrating my friend's upcoming wedding, and it seemed like if we weren't in line to buy drinks or in the main dance pit, we couldn't be anywhere else. At one point, three of us were on the second floor on a balcony overlooking the main DJ area. A few minutes later, I felt a tap on my shoulder and much to my surprise there was one of the staff members shining his little flashlight on the floor directing us to leave. Really? Why? It's not like we were intruding on a VIP area or blocking a walkway. Being the pacifist that I am, I complied, but I have to admit I was very confused. An hour later, we were invited to someone's bottle-service table, and even though we were within the seating area and not at all in the walkway, a staffer was telling us that we had to move in even further. Very weird, and although I understand in a place as packed as the Marquee they need to be strict with safety measures, it felt excessive.2. Drink prices. A few of the gals in our group decided to buy rounds of drinks for us, and for five, non-top-shelf drinks the bill was $70. REALLY? The only other place I've been with drinks that expensive is the Ministry of Sound in London, and the Marquee is nowhere as iconic as that. Ladies and gents, do yourselves a favour and get your pre-drink on.3. The layout. Given that at least half of the guests at the Marquee are ladies wearing (oftentimes) uncomfortable heels, I found the amount of stairs and slippery, sloped floors surprising. When it came time to leave, we had to make an epic trek down what looked to be an industrial staircase. Although my lady friends and I aren't sloppy drunks and therefore had no issues, it was painful for me to watch all the young ladies try to make their way downstairs in their sky-high heels on wobbly legs.4. The available dance space. I'll admit -I love to bust a move when a good tune comes on, but given the limited areas in which you're allowed to stand and dance, the only dancing I could do was an awkward jiggle which I now call the "sausage dance" -because you feel like a sausage trapped in its casing.Overall, am I glad that I came to the Marquee? Yes, it was certainly an experience, but considering that I was part of a group of five intelligent, confident and beautiful ladies in their late-twenties, it felt strange to have our "fun" dictated to us. The crowd was filled with young, just-turned-21 year olds all hooched up and getting sauced, which didn't bother me as it was what I expected -as should you.
2	Too many stairs!  I can't believe they make girls in tight skirts and high heels walk up and down the fire escape stairs.   So dangerous.Huge club with three stories.  Hip hop floor was not big enough.  The electronica main stage was like a rave and not in a good way.
3	It was SUPER CROWDED!! can't stand around in the walkways for too long before being herded like cows by the security. but i'm glad there were security to direct the traffic cuz now that i think of it it could've been a dangerous mess on the walkways and/or riot on the dancefloor. The walkways are too small though. The 2nd floor dancefloor where the main Edm Dj is playing was literally Sardine-packed crowded!!  No one could even really dance...ppl were just standing next to each other bouncing up and down and waving their hands with the glowsticks they gave out. i don't really mind though cuz i like listening to the music and dancing by myself anyway lol. Hardwell played that night, i hadnt heard of him before, but he was pretty good! the space is soo small. i only stayed on the 2nd floor where the main house DJ plays, but they should make a bigger dancefloor!!! i mean if they bring in all these famous DJs they know it's gonna be crowded!! one of the main reasons i came here was cuz i usually like dancing to hip hop i heard that they have 3 different rooms, including one with hip hop. but i didn't go that night, i was satisfied with the dj on the 2nd floor that night though.took about 3 flights of stairs to enter club. it's obviously not fun in heels, and also it's not a very aesthetically pleasing way to enter the club...i wish they made it prettier and nicer looking. However, we took an elevator leaving, so at least we didn't have to walk those stairs again.bought pre-order tickets, so we didn't have to wait in line...we literally just walked into  the club. sucks that the baththroom is outside and pretty far outside too. cuz it was freezing and super windy that night!! good amount of asians which i like.
4	Everything else is to be expected. Good music, Girls puking in line at 11pm, $14 mixed drinks. Definitely the place to been seen and not heard. Bottle service looks like the way to go to have a good time. It gets you drinks, space, and seating.Not in love with the layout, but do like the different areas. Of course the top floor library was my favorite with its own DJ, Pool Table, semi free areas to sit, and outside access to see the dance floor on the main floor.Dance floors are small and are more like should to shoulder standing areas. Stairs get you anywhere, up and down, back up, and up then down and up and when you want to leave another 3-5 flights down, it can get you dizzy on itself. At least when you reach the bottom it leads you directly to the secret pizza spot.
3	I've been to marquee twice within four months.  On Friday nights, there's a guestlist for girls, so its pretty easy to get in.The main floor is very spacious and has a large dance floor.  This leads out to the pool/cabana area which gets pretty packed as well.  The hip hop room is fun, but it gets WAY too crowded.  Last time I was there, you could barely walk through, and people were getting down and dirty in the walkways...it was extremely difficult to get around in there.Marquee is the happening spot these days, but the bad part is all of the damn stairs!  Having a bunch of drunk girls in high heels walking up and down stairs is not a good idea!  I'll be back for sure, but damn those stairs!!!
3	Marquee AMAZING when you first walk in, COOL when you walk around the entire area in less than 15 minutes, and WHATEVER when you come back for the 2nd, 3rd, 4th time. PROS:--2 dance floors = twice the fun. They have hip hop on the lower level and house on the main level. The hip hop floor can get crowded, but that just means more to love ;)--free places to sit- no table? No problem! Outside, Marquee has lounge areas for guests to relax and sit. The upside is that it's free; the downside is that it's free... meaning that a lot of other people will also be sitting here.--relatively easy to get in- no long lines, no $$$ covers for boys. CONS:-- too many Asians. Speaking as an Asian girl, even I feel like there are too many Asians here!! But, hey, if that's your thing... go for it :)-- VERY CROWDED- like many (relatively) new Vegas clubs, it gets really crowded after 12am-1am :/ -- weird exits-- the club itself looks really nice, but what happened to the exits? The floors are not carpeted (aka not heel-friendly) and there are many flights of stairs to walk up and down just to get out!A nice place to check out, but don't become a usual just yet. There are less crowded places in Vegas that are just as fun :)
5	Just because I got VIP treatment. ;)This nightclub has tainted all the other nightclubs that I will ever go to.1. three floors with three different types of music2. damn it really did taint all of my nightclub experiences..This place left me speechless. I hate it.
2	The decor was really nice and the music was amazing. But I have to say the bouncers there are terrible. A friend in my group got kicked out for swaying a little to sit down to text someone he couldn't find in our group. After that 5 bouncers swarmed him and he was sent down the stairs into a taxi. He wasn't harassing or causing a scene. It's a vegas nightclub!!!
4	I went the first time for my 21st recently and Marquee was my favorite!The lines are SUPER long so make sure to get on a guest list to cut the long lines.  My 2 girlfriends were on the guestlist and waited 2 hours before they could even get in.Word of advice, get in line before 10!When I first got in, I only thought there was 1 floor but I found out theres actually 3 floors! The main floor then downstairs is the hip hop room.  There's also cabanas outside by the pool to sit around too.  When I went, it was super windy outside so I stayed inside most of the time.It got really crowded throughout the night, people were spilling drinks everywhere; on people and on the ground.I loved the music they played on both floors.  I spent half my time on the main level & my other half downstairs!  Outside by the pool area is really nice as well.  The bathrooms are very clean too which is definitely a plus for girls.  It was filllled with Asians! But being an Asian girl myself, I loved it. hahaIt's definitely a place to check out if you're in Vegas!
4	PROS:* Signed up with Gia and Scott (Australian, ladies)* Got there early to avoid a lot of people* VIP - we had 9 girls - Bachelorette Party* Became we came really early, they gave us one free drink and let us sit in the booth. It was awesome. * Dancing and lights* Free drink when you sign up for their mailing list* big bathrooms for the ladiesCONS:* The stairs... omg. the stairs. I knew about it so I had my flats... but my girlfriends didn't... so... they were in pain. * Outside was SO windy. So much room outside but it was just SO windy. * If you're late, you will have a hard time getting in* Men... you need at least three women to get in with a big group of guys* There was this bartender that was really mean to one of my girlfriends (a girl bartender - come on now)Overall... I had a good experience this time here. Every visit is different.
4	Have you ever seen a club in Vegas where the lines (yes plural) wrap around the hotel and continue up to the next floor... and sometimes up another floor? Welcome to Marquee Nightclub & Dayclub. Everybody wants in.Is it because their drinks are out of this world? Maybe they have a huge dancefloor? Or maybe they let everyone in free and you just have to wait in line? The answer is a big fat NO.Marquee came into the Vegas club game with their mind on the money... and money on their mind. They knew EDM (Electronic Dance Music) was on the verge of climaxing all over Sin City and they took full advantage of that. Installing state-of-the-art sound systems by Funktion One and placing world class producers & djs in exclusive residency contracts propelled Marquee into nightlife superstardom on the Las Vegas strip since Day 1... literally... they had their Grand Opening on New Year's Eve last year. I've been here so many times in the last year, I can't begin to count it. Sometimes I get in on discounted guestlists, sometimes I get in via pre-sale tickets, sometimes it's bottle service... but I NEVER EVER wait in line for hours-upon-hours. Except for Halloween 2011... when I decided to drive up to Vegas on a whim after work on Monday (yes wtf was Halloween on a Monday) to see KASKADE... no presales in hand meant waiting about 2.5 hours to get into the club but it was WORTH it to dance to Kaskade til 6am... take a nap at my friend's penthouse suite then drive straight back to LA for work.The trick is to come early, get stamped then go do your thing. One thing I like about Vegas clubs is that they allow in-and-outs... and I'm not talking about that disgusting SoCal based burger chain. Take advantage of their generosity and come early, get stamped then go grab food, drink drink drink drunk drunk or finish your hair and makeup. This applies for both Nightclub and Dayclub. Oh ladies, if you're coming to Dayclub, have a pair of heels ready in your bag, just cause it's a pool party doesn't mean they're not looking for ladies in heels to let through the line.
4	The decor and music in this place is insane. The patio is gorgeous, it was pretty cold so didn't get to fully appreciate the view without shivering. The place is huge and our feet were still in pain from the night before, so I definitely want to go back when it's warmer. There's plenty of seating in the patio, but it's closed off for invisible people because it was 2:30 am and the seats were still completely empty. I don't get why they have such ugly stairs for such an awesome place. Let's make those stairs a little more drunk people friendly. I understand they might be for a fire escape, so why not another set of stairs? and maybe better directions to find certain floors. I would definitely go back though.
3	With over 800 reviews, I think you can get a pretty accurate picture of this place.Beautiful club with surly bouncers, and as the night goes on it becomes impossible to traverse the nightclub from one side to the other due to extreme crowding, all the while the bouncers are screaming at you to move...but you can't. The night Benny Benassi was there in February, bouncers weren't letting anyone on the dance floor, and you'd get screamed at if you tried to stand on the outskirts to watch the show. One bouncer ordered me to go downstairs to the hip hop room. Um, excuse me? We paid a lot of money to see Benny. Ok, so I didn't pay to get in, but my man did.Outdoor space is gorgeous, although the night we were there it was like a mini hurricane outside, contributing to the extreme packing of the interior with people. Lot of places to sneak a quick break sitting down without having to pay for bottle service, that's really nice. There are plenty of other Vegas clubs that aren't so packed and that are fun, but Marquee has the monopoly when it comes to booking really great, sought-after DJs.
1	Stairs, are you kidding me?We got there early and got stamped and decided to hang out in the casino because people were still trickling in (the awkward, sober state). Initially we had to take the elevator up 1 floor to get to the club but when we were exiting we had to take the stairs! Not just one flight, multiple flights. Furthermore, we found out we had to take the same damn stairs to re-enter the club but this time we had to walk up! (Re-entry is located on the 3rd floor of the casino). At this point I haven't even danced yet but my feet were killing me by the time we got to the dance floor. The club itself is cool with the multi-level concept (the library, hip hop room, outdoors, main club) but it's ruined by the stairs. Stairs + Alcohol = Bloody Mess!
3	Totally overrated, but for some reason I always end up here when I go to Vegas. Those stairs will be the death of me.
4	I'm not gonna lie. This nightclub actually met my expectations of being a Vegas superclub...We bought tickets for the event so that we wouldn't have to deal with the line ($30 for guys, $20 for the ladies). We got there after midnight and were still forced to wait in a line, to then get into another line for those with tickets, and then ANOTHER line to get on an elevator to ascend into the club. Took an hour to get in. When you are let off, you are released into a bar. Walking around, you'll find this club has four main areas: the main dancefloor, which is surrounded by VIP suites, the outdoor pool area, the "boombox," which is the hip-hop area, and the library, a really swank VIP-feeling area with a pool table and bartenders dressed in tight white dresses. Each area had a different feel, and the library and outdoor area weren't too crowded.If you get there after midnight, and did not get on the second floor dance area, don't expect to get down there until around 1:30 a.m. as the bouncers will keep you moving. You'll get there later on in the night, but at midnight, almost impossible. If you can deal with this, you'll still have a good time.In terms of drinks, they were expensive (as expected), but they were mixed strong and well, which is something I wasn't expecting, but did make me (and many of my friends) really happy. Now, the stairs. If you have girls in heals in your party who are going to have trouble walking around, get ready to do some carrying. This place is on many different levels (literally and figuratively), so many of the ladies will be tripping, and I'm sure the club owners have to clean a lot of blood and skinned knee flakes off that staircase every night. They MUST find a new way to enter and exit this club. Still, probably one of the new standards of club in Vegas!
3	Marquee and I have a love/hate relationship... maybe a little more hate than love right now.I've been here a number of times within the past 6 months. Each time has been pretty different from the last, but I'll share my thoughts and personal experiences about this new scene. I'm warning you now... if you have a weak stomach, you might want to stop reading this now. It's not pretty... but hey, you know the saying, what happens in Vegas... I first laid eyes on Marquee last August for one of my girl friend's bachelorette party. We wanted to come here on Saturday night because we knew this would be a cool spot for the night. I spent most of the day sippin' on drinks and sunbathing at the Hard Rock Pool. I had so much fun in the sun, but I may have had too many Blue Lagoons. And don't we all know how well sunshine and alcohol mix... not well!So after that, we went back to the room to get ready. We skipped dinner, downed some drinks, and headed out the door to Marquee. It was most of our first times at Marquee and it was kinda difficult to figure out where the line for the club was. Apparently there's a million different entrances, but on this night we went to the very top floor and went in near the pool. The line was long and I was already feeling pretty nauseous. Great, the day's festivities have finally caught up to me. We must've been waiting in line for at least 30 minutes and we were finally close to the front. At this very moment, I knew I needed to find a bathroom or else I'd be caught in the act of a very distasteful scene. I also knew if that happened, it would be the end of our night. It took all of my energy to keep composed in front of the bouncers so he'd let us into the club. Right after I got in, I was scrambling to find a restroom. Holy crap, how many flights of stairs does this place have?? When I finally found a restroom... well, what do you know? There's a freakin' line, of course! I really should've pushed every girl out of the way and into a stall, but I didn't want to be "that girl." Long story short, I waited and handled my business when it was my turn. So did my friend and from what my other friends told me, we were handling it simultaneously. Maybe next time we'll try to synchronize it, haha jk!Alright, so I like this club because it's pretty big. The pool area is cool too if you just want to chill outside. I've been to the day club too and I had a good time, but it was a little drizzly when I went so it wasn't very poppin'. What i don't like are those endless flights of stairs! This is definitely not a girl friendly place. It also gets so ridiculously crowded to the point where you can feel the sweat on the person next to you. It also sucks that you feel like cattle when you're trying to move from one area to the other. I bet if this place had a fire, we would all die. Dead serious about that one. The hip-hop room is pretty small... or is it just crowded? Not sure, but you can't even move through that crowd at all. Another thing I don't like is the lack of diversity here. Yes, I'm Asian, but I don't understand why we all must flock to the cool new place and take it over. I'm all for diverse clubs which is probably another reason I don't like Marquee so much. I guess I'll just have to wait to enjoy Marquee when the next new "cool" club opens.
2	Meh indeed, I've seen better. First of all - 7 flights of stairs?!?!?! Are you f*&king kidding me?? What kinda shoes do you think girls wear out in Vegas, hiking boots?? No, they wear ridiculous 5" heels and then have to tromp up and down 7 flights of stairs to enter and exit the club because you don't let us use the elevator. That needs to change. Inside is fine, maybe it was just a weird crowd when we were there but it just didn't seem like it was going to be a fun night there. So we took our bachelorette party elsewhere, to Chateau Gardens where we were comped 2 bottles, and good thing we did because we ended up having an awesome, epic night at Paris!
5	Pros:-Great stage, sound system was amazing-Alot of security, only saw one argument and security handled it quickly-Alot of go-go dancers, seemed like each table had one-Bathrooms were clean-Had alot people photographers taking pictures-Alot of tables and servers-Staff was really friendly, expect the guestlist attendant, he was kind of rude from the start and told us we weren't on the guestlist when we were added on it by an employee, had to pay $25 for girls and $30 for admission-Go-go dancers came around several times selling delicious shots-Hotel guest have a shorter line-Beautifully decorated club-Great resident DJs like Red Foo, Chuckie, Kaskade and others-Voted number one club in America by DJ MagazineCons-Coat check $5-$8 Coronas-Only place to sit was in the VIP section-HUGE lines to get inThis is my favorite by far, I will definitely be coming back here again on my next Vegas visiti heard there Dayclub is really good too soo ill be checking that out as well.
5	Ok, so this place is supposedly the newest and hottest club on the Vegas strip.  AND... yes it is!  I'm not gonna lie but it's pretty awesome.  There are three different sections of the club.  There's the library room which is located upstairs, then there's the main room which is the main dancing area, and then the outside balcony area.  This place gets really crowded and the demographic of this club is a mixture of everything.  The line is too crazy to be in unless you know someone or you're buying a table then you don't have to be in the crazy line.All I can say is if you're not prepared for the typical Vegas and can't have a good time no matter what happens, then don't even try to enter in Marquee.  Marquee is still new and the hype is still going on which makes a hit and miss experience for anyone.
2	I don't see how you can hate from outside of the clubYou can't even get in...........Hahaha, leggoThis club is seriously packed to the BRIM!!! so if you cant even get inside the club, then dont hate! long long long long long long long long long long long LINESSSSSSSSSSugh... did i mention long lines. The thing i love about vegas is vegas reality. Bit@h you a no body!VIP who? yeah dude.. VIP line is also a long line wait. Theres one thing marquee needs to learn how to do is learn how to present a club better from the outside. I will never go back again soley based on the fact of disorganization. .......................THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE LADIES!!!...................................Ladies... you know how you read all the reviews about all the stairs..Other reviews dont give you the low down on exactly what alotof stairs entail.THE STAIRS..........40 story building the elevators are broken cause their is an evacuation in progress. please proceed to the stairs to exit the building. So... imagine the stair way going down to escape a building except youre going up the stairs to go to the club... NOT THE BUSINESS...so now after that explaination you will be prepared for the marquee stairs Tip: Ladies if you got a promoter. Do what your promoter says       he is your life line to get inside of the club quickly. im a lady, and preferred to be treated like a lady, so i'll go to the club that treats up like  a VIP with no wait for ladies. PASS!!
5	Odd convoluted stair entry, but the elevators were open at the end of the night.But to keep it short: PHENOMENAL stage, sound, venue, decor, everything. One of my favorite clubs in Vegas, no doubt. Loves it. Always have a damn good time, and I always wake up the next morning like, "That was a damn good night!"
5	my song of the month has been feel so close by calvin harris.as soon as i walked in, it's like the dj knew.  needless to say, i didn't even get to make it to the bar cause my ass walked straight to the dance floor to get my groove on.  a good way to start the night.as you all know, vegas clubs get crowded as shit.  and even with getting on the guestlist there is gonna be a short wait.  it was NUTS.  so packed i was getting pushed around like a rag doll.  but the music just gets you through it all.they have the main floor, and the library where they play billboard 40's music.  less crowded than the main floor but still rowdy as hell.marquee seems to have a good list of dj's performing every weekend.  i believe kaskade and tiesto will be there the next two weekends.i love the outdoor patio.  you get to inhale massive second hand smoke but don't even realize the harm cause everything's so pretty and white, and shiny, and etc.the only downside is how incredibly packed it gets.  it gets so packed that once you leave the dance floor you're not guaranteed to get back onto it cause the bouncers block you off.price wise, it was 25 for the guys to get in which was cheaper than the 40 the guys paid last time.  i bought a round of 6 patron shots and bill came out 84. pretty normal for vegas or for shots i guess.i can not wait to go back in two weeks!
4	Sometimes I just like to go out, drink, dance and interact with strangers all while getting my ear drums assaulted by what can only be described as nasty bass drops. Yes, sometimes I like to go to clubs. And TAO group has almost never failed me in my clubgoing experiences and Marquee was no different.The first time I went was a brief walk through essentially-went with a friend who does not handle enclosed crowded spaces well. Yeah. I know. So after a quick walk through we left and I figured I'd never be back because while nothing displeased me at the club, I really only go if I'm guaranteed seating and a place to hide the heels that I've kicked off.Nearly a year later, came back for my best friend's birthday and she had a table (bingo!), so I got to stay, play and experience. I honestly don't know where we were in the club, just at a table, near one of the bars, but we could see a lot of the dance floor action and had a decent view of the DJ's stage. What I liked about Marquee mostly had to do with service. Typically, when you get a comp'd table, particularly with all girls, service is pretty subpar (there are other words I could use...) because the busser and hostess make an unfortunate assumption that a table of girls is not going to tip well. Our hostess did not do that-she was SO nice, came back to check on us frequently and didn't treat us like second class citizens. Even if she didn't want to be bothered with us, she never showed it. So we left her a FAT tip. It's very simple: don't be a bitch, and we'll leave a good tip.The music was great, the DJ was fun and someone threw a whole bunch of dollar bills onto the dance floor-so all in all a great experience.  Not sure I would come back without a table because of personal preference, but would recommend Marquee for an authentic Vegas nightclub experience.
3	I don't like how this club is designed....I feel like the outside is better than the inside....you got 3 small ass rooms and a huge ass flight of stairs to go up when you enter marquee. The main dance floor is too crowded, but the visual effects on the screen make up for it....(I GUESS)....Dj's are always on point, but idk what else to say about this place...it doesn't feel really organized either. CLAUSTROPHOBIC.
2	Extremely disappointed! Got a table and spent about $2k and I guess that's still not enough for decent treatment. I often get bottle service during my Vegas trips and typically know what to expect. I look forward to getting escorted to the bathroom, having personal security detail to get the drunkards away, and a personal host/hostess to make sure our drinks are taken care of and NONE of that happened; in fact, it was the complete opposite. I was quite surprised that the staff were not as attentive as they should be. I found myself having to look for someone to help me with something. The venue itself is pretty cool. I wasn't overly excited about it...just typical Vegas. We were given a table at the "Boom Box Room" (Hip Hop) and so we ventured off for a little bit and found that you have to climb multiple stories of stairs to navigate yourself around the establishment. I think I tripped a couple of times in my 5" heels. I'm sure I'm not the only one that was upset about the stairs. Some good things about our night: We took our bottles to-go! I've never had that option before when I get a table, and I really think we just got lucky cause I don't think that it's routine. My only rockstar moment was walking out and through the hotel/casino with bottles in hand. And I also enjoyed the music. I know that House is mainstream, but I like to dance to Hip Hop and so I was really feeling the DJ (I did notice though that they played a single song like 5-7 times). I guess the reason for my 2-star rating is because I really feel that I've experienced better. I don't see myself coming back to this place by choice. I was talking to a friend the day after my visit to Marquee and he said that he feels that this place is overrated and I couldn't think of a better description.
5	It takes a lot to impress me about a night club. The women, the structural layout, the liquor, the music, the go-go dancers, [no homo] even the bouncers, etc. You name it, I will scrutinize it. Guess what ladies and Gentleman? This place has it all! It has passed my litmus tests with Flying colors. The dance floor is humongous, and if you run out of room you can get your groove on in the pool area. Damn that pool area is big too. It was so glamorous, I felt like skinny dipping in front of everybody and I was barely buzzed!Drinks weren't too bad, about what you'd expect for a club in Vegas. I walked up in here feeling like a BAWSE (say it like Rick Ross), hell even the ladies gave me play that night. White women, Asian women, Hispanic women, African-American women. Damn I felt like I was ambassador to the United Nations. Ok back to this, if you've never gone here, go! Great Casino and great CLUB!
1	I'm reviewing Marquee as a real human being. Not one of dozens of promoters who are paid to hype this place up.Marquee is the worst of what you think of when people describe Las Vegas Night clubs. Most of the bouncing and line staff are just dicks. This is the kind of place who hires doormen who really get off on what little power they have in their lives.There were crazy lines, prices on tables switched every 15 minutes, and my group got the run around - you know the usual "oh you've got to talk to so and so" and "I don't think she's working tonight b.s." Whatevs, it's Vegas, I understand that it is douche bag mecca.The real problem came once my friends and I actually got inside. I figured after all of the b.s. and the runaround and the big fucking deal the doormen were making this place HAD to be the shit. We get inside, fight our way to the dance floor (which also had separate bouncers keeping people off of it - yup, you read that right even after getting into the club there are bouncers waiting to keep you off of the dance floor) and I am shocked to see the overflowing sausage fest spilling out of the dance floor.After all the exclusivity pretense - trust me I live in L.A. I'm used to that bullshit - I finally get into the place and it is 70% dudes - busted dudes at that - on the dance floor, awkwardly grinding on each other, leering at the one or two unattached women on the floor. I left 1 Oak for this shit! Are you serious?I had been hearing all this garbage about Marquee being the number one rated nightclub and blah blah blah. I guess folks in Las Vegas buy that shit because there were plenty of people lined up to shell out their cash in this bullshit, promoter-created, artificial club. I went to XS literally the night before. It was not even comparable. At XS on a random Monday night in March, Lil John was DJ-ing, the crowd was hype as shit, and there was absolutely no bullshit. When I next go to Vegas I will be skipping this douche factory.
5	Over 60,000 square feet of pure fun and entertainment. You cannot roll to Vegas and not go to Marquee. I spent most of the night poolside enjoying perfect Vegas weather, but did grace the hip hop room with my presence ( two floors down). I don't think you can get through this entire club in one night.... But then again if you are with the right people or meet the right crowd, why would you need to?
4	This club is beautiful!!! The music... Not the best. We went when EDX was there and the light show was fun but the music wasn't popping enough for us to all dance. The hip hop floor was uber crowded. I felt like I was in front of the crowd at Lollapalooza! There wasn't enough room to dance. There was also another room that was more like a classy dive bar. I walked in when the DJ was mashing up a Johnny Cash song which was neat. Keep in mind that there are a LOT of stairs. A LOT. You will want to die in your heels (especially with all the walking you already did on the strip).
3	Eh, novelty wore off. I liked it the first time I went because it was brand new and our friend got us in, but when we went back it wasn't as great as I remember.It's a horrible layout, they close off the pathways to the dance floor except for one, and it's tiny! It's a really horrible layout. And the crowd was kind of janky when we went... the people at XS are much better looking. There was a group of girls and they had the sweatiest backs EVER.
2	I once gave this place 4 stars. But with two occasions where my friends or I have been disrespected by the security is RIDICULOUS.First time, I was taunted by someone who worked there themselves. But that was easily forgiven. Second time was the last straw, a friend of mine was pulled to the side and told to give up her ID. I butted in and asked why, I'll provide privacy for the security individual but he said, " She is clearly intoxicated and stumbling." Which was a totally bogus reason. I asked the other security guards and had no idea either. The crowd I roll with never ever causes troubles, and usually buys a good amount of drinks providing business. But Marquee, you sure did mess up, and have lost a huge amount of customers. I suggest you review your security team, and stop getting muscle heads who have too much protein in their brains.Moving forward from my rant, the facilities here are good. It is clean and there are bars EVERYWHERE. There are different "rooms" here and it is nice to step into another area and have a different genre of music and a different crowd of people.Lastly what gives marquee such a low rating in my book is their poor poor layout. Seriously? Stairs? I know the ladies will have a hard time after a night of drunken dancing, safely walking down the stairs. Someone is bound to get hurt and probably sue.I had a great time here at Marquee, but unfortunately, I am always weary when it comes to their security.
1	This place is way overrated!!! The club is just like any other club the dance floor is extremely SMALL.  I got in free by a promoter my friends n I for a bachlorette and we left w/in 15 minuets of being here. I got a mixed drink that cost 18.00 I took 2 sips and was done w/ it the cup it came in is sooooooooooo small more ice then anything.  Even if it was free to get in again I would not come back to this club!
4	Flew in from Chicago last weekend and visited this Las Vegas club for the second time, it was great in many ways.  They handled the crowd, seating and bottle service much better than most.  Some attitude from staff is part of the club experience but we were treated in quite a friendly, calm and considerate manner considering the place was packed to the rafters. Management knows what they are doing.  DJ Vice was the DJ and format was rather a "pop" type mix but it fit the crowd and energy was high.  Big foam glow sticks were thrown to the crowd, dancers were sexy but not too sleazy as our female fellow guests commented.  We did not see one person not having fun the entire time we were there.Sound system was superb - loud but so clear our ears did not even ring the next AM.First time we visited they had LMFAO before they really broke it was amazing, you could tell they were going to be popular. 20% automatic gratuity on service so watch out for that.
4	GOOD MUSIC, AWESOME CROWD, BEAUTIFUL HOTEL & CASINO. However, I think the space inside can get pretty crowded. I was here for Avicii, and I didn't even try going inside the club; I stayed outside by the pool and it was in the winter time. It can get a bit cold, but they have some heaters here and there. There are quite some sexy ladies and fellas chillin' around this place. I met a few myself, but if you are looking for a committing relationship, THIS IS NOT THE PLACE. The drinks at the bars are pricey - I spent $32 on two Tokyo Teas, but man, did that $32 worth of drinks make me have a "good feeling" throughout the night (if you catch my drift ... *hint* Avicii was DJing). Anyway, here are my 4 stars.
5	Came here for Above and Beyond a while ago. My sorority sisters and I got approached by a promoter asking if we liked trance music...hell yea we do. Well are you ladies interested in getting on the guest list for Above and Beyond....HeLLs Yeaaaa!! We were sooo stoked to see them and best of all for free! When we got there we definitely had to wait in line for a bit, but got there early enough that we could get in before A&B even came on. The outside of the club was gorgeous. Dance floor kinda sucked, but some how the big shot caller of the Cosmo had his VIP front and center of the stage at eye level with A&B, which we got invited into..hellssss yeaaaa! It was awesome we got invited in because best view of the DJs and free water and draannnkk.. This was my only experience at the club, and probably one of the bests.
2	I always wondered about this club and was excited to get tickets to see Kaskade for the second time here on St. Paddy's Day.  My cousin saw Kaskade here during his crazy set on NYE, he warned me to get bottle service next to the dance floor to make the best of the show, but I figured we could all just eventually get on the dance floor like other clubs, but boy was I freakin' wrong!First off, we got there around 1030 and got in right away, but the dance floor on the main floor was already ridiculously crowded and wouldn't let people into it already.  You can't stand around anywhere around the border of the main dance floor because all you can do is keep walking.  Outside of those walkways you can't really enjoy anywhere else inside because it isn't the dance floor and the main attraction effects don't even reach that area.  Basically, if you aren't set up for bottle service surrounding the dance floor your night is pretty much shot (unless you like standing around outside just listening to the music and watching the screen of the POV camera set up right behind the DJ)The crowd that was there that night clearly didn't really know who they were listneing to because most of them seemed to be ignoring the music, and the few that did know the tracks being played or who the main DJ was for the night were outnumbered the vast amount that was just there for the scene.  What was hilarious was the amount of people who would run into our group looking for drugs or asked if we were looking to buy one of the escort girls they were pimpin' out to the random folks in the crowd.  Honestly, that was where I seriously found myself really close to walking out.  If it wasn't for the fact that I really enjoyed Kaskade's set, regardless of where I was standing at any given point of the night (since we were told to consistently keep moving)The club is separated into three areas, a tiny ass Hip Hop room and a random spot called The Library, which I have no clue what its main purpose is.  Those other spots could be used in a different way since I feel that most people are on the main floor regardless.  Oh, and beware of all the stairs that you have to climb to get to the main club, and other floors.  It's going to be a journey!  However, the stairs are a great test of sobriety for those leaving the club at 4am.  I bet there are tons of photos and experiences of folks falling down them.It really would take me a ridiculous amount of convincing to come back here and try this place out again, and the only way that would happen is if our squad gets bottle service that night.   However, I definitely would try this spot out as a DayClub, I'm assuming the experiences are different.  However, as a nightclub, this place is freakin' bananas.  The bouncers here I give props to, since they definitely doing their best to do what has to be done amongst all the craziness, but I feel that some of their work can be cut down by letting people go in N out of the dance floor.  Closing the dance floor does not help with the capacity on the floor.  I can easily see someone getting trampled if an emergency just happened to occur (which i hope never does).  Like I said, I'm down to go back and try this place out with no reservations in the daytime, but at night, its gonna take some convincing.  Until then, the nightclub gets the ending my cousin gave it at the end of the night, "This Club is Whack!"
4	Despite having to pay cover the last 2 times I came to Marquee (both arriving after 1am), I still love it!Marquee's biggest draw is their huge circular House room. The DJ takes center stage above a sea of pulsating, fist pumping bodies. The dance floor is heavily monitored by the bouncers along the edges, but if you are a cute girl just smile and ask to be let in! Wham, bam, thank you m'am!My friends and I totted back & forth between the House room (left because all the confetti kept getting into our drinks) and the smaller Hip-Hop room. While the adjective glamorous describes the house room, the adjective raw definitely describes the hip-hop room. Quite a bit smaller, the crowd is more diverse and the hip-hop a good mixture of old school and the new heavy hits.  My fave part of Marquee/the hip-hop room was the outdoor balcony. Very refreshing and a great spot to take a breather from all that grinding/untzuntzing ;)
1	EFF YOU MARQUEE AND YOUR LAME SECURITY GUARDS! kicked me out and I wasn't even drunk. Yeah the patio is nice and there's 3 floors. But security is strict and will kick anyone and everyone out. Gets way over crowded and it's filled with Asians. You're better off at XS or surrender.  Big white ugly security guard with the mustache on 3/17/12: You rudely yelled and told me to move when I was dancing happily that Kaskade finally got on. I wasn't bothering anyone. I don't flip off anyone unless I find them very rude, so I flipped you off but didn't mean for you to see. I kept apologizing and just wanted to have fun, but you X me out anyway, a tiny, innocent, cute asian girl who was just having fun who was clearly SORRY. I only got to hear one Kaskade song when I was looking forward to it for 3 months. You ruined my whole weekend. Kaskade, please go to XS instead. It's bigger, better, and funner!!
5	Hands down my favorite club in Las Vegas. I love the indoor/outdoor option, VIP tables are great here, but the best part is the energy. This club has a great energy to it like non other. The music is always top-notch, better than anywhere else, and the effects with lighting and confetti really add to the excitement. I can't wait until the next visit to Marquee! It's hard not to pull an all-nighter when going here.
4	Decided to purchase the all access wristbands since we were staying at the hotel saw Dirty South on friday and kaskade on saturday.  I'm glad we went both nights or I would not of had a good time on saturday.  LADIES- wear your most comfortable pair of shoes. I made the mistake of wearing my 4 inch heels on friday and I was limping out of the place.  The best thing to do is to stand in line at 9- get your hand stamped and then go someplace else to drink until 11 or 12.  If you get there too early you won't make it until the guest dj's come on which is typically around 1 am.  Kaskade put on the most amazing show... would highly recommend going to see him!  As far as the outside goes- it's rather fabulous out there and a nice escape from the inside crowd.  There are a lot of  heaters set up and some of the cabana's have their own personal hot tub.  Also there are 2 bars that were very quick to get drinks at.  Little tip... if you are looking for a place to sit down- there are swings outside and upstairs on the level of the library room there is a couch and chairs in a halfway.. it's rather strange and in a secluded area, but if your feet hurt bad enough it's at least a place to sit and chill for a minute that doesn't cost $2000!
2	It's ok. $50 for guys/ $20 for women. Dance floor? Where? Crowded and you can't walk thru it. Not much to review. House music was fine.Drinks will run you $15 a piece. You can do better all the way around on the strip. This place kindof tourist trap.
3	I would give this place 4 stars but there were too many negative factors under Marquee's control that warrant 3 stars. First of all, the club is really cool. We bought a table and we were next to the pool and had plenty of room to chill in the cabanas. However, inside the club is small and there is no where to dance. In addition, our waitress was unattentive even though we had 2 bottles and dropped about $2K. Lastly, some cheap a$$es sat a our cabana and I had to continually chase them out vs security doing their job. $hit, I already have a job.Outside of the club's controls was a couple of guys who split the table w/ us. The first guy I will call "Ron". He gets too $hitfaced and is bending at the waist like the matrix. He ultimately falls down and gets kicked out of the club. It was pretty late any way, but on the way out if the hotel, we lose him. He tells us the next day he doesn't remember what happened, but he had over $2,000 more in his pocket than he remembered. I asked him if his a$$ hurt - LOL. Then he said he remembered going to a table. Honestly, I think he sold himself to a shemale - lmfao. My friends and I now say when one of gets too drunk, "Don't be a Ron".The second guy who I will call Von said initially he wanted to share the table. However, later he said he only wanted to pay for what he drank. I have known him a long time so I told him to pay what he thought he owed when we returned to OC. He ended up giving me $250 after sharing a table and sarging on our action at Bare the next day. What a cheapa$$! His middle name is Von so now when we refer to a pake (Hawaiian for cheapa$$), my friends and I say, "Don't be a Von".The moral to the story is when you go to Vegas don't be a Ron or a Von - lmfao
5	I was here a few weekends ago for my birthday and let me say Marquee definitely offered up the experience I expected when I thought of Vegas! There are a few things that stuck out to me based off of my experience, the Library atop the club is a amazing little area that I enjoyed before going down and dancing the night away to Dash Berlin who was there performing.  After Dash's performance we headed outside for a little bit and the view is amazing, the amount of pools and private tables is INSANE! I want to go back during the day to experience a different side of the club. Highly recommend if you are looking for a great party atmosphere plus time, definitely recommend getting a table or going with someone you know though. If you don't, you will probably be stuck in line all night with a chance of not getting in at all.
1	I have been to Marquee a few times already, but this time is THE WORST experience ever. Yeah, the lines are extremely long, the wait is probably 1-2 hours, and it was crowded in the venue...but all this still won't make me as mad and as disappointed...Basically,  two of my friends and I had a couple drinks at the bar, then we went to the dance floor and started dancing. My friend and I decided to take another shot at the bar...While we were walking to the bar, we got stopped by the security and asked us to follow them. At this point, I thought that, "I guess I am really fucked up and I'm going to get kicked out!"So we continue to follow the security, which leaded us into a room. Next thing the security in the room yelled at us and said, "Where is the E? Why are you guys selling E?"  The fact that we did not have any E or drugs, my friend and I were really confused. We told them we didn't have any drugs, but the security kept yelling and questioning us and even said that they got us on tape for evidence.At this point, I was EXTREMELY frustrated and felt very disrespected, so I took all my belongs out from my pocket and told them," Find the fucking E if you can!!!"  Since they couldn't find E or drugs, you would think that they would apologize for the mistake and let us go... HELL to the Fucking No... They said, "Here's the deal: you guys are banned from Marquee, Tao and the Cosmopolitan property forever." Then, they took a picture of us, and released us from the back door... is this a fucking joke?First of all, your asses did not find any drugs from my friend and I. Second, you guys were even trying to threaten us with all kind of tricks: "We have everything on the tape!" "We will call the police!" and other bullshits as well, to forces us to admit something we did not do! Where is the fucking justice?!
4	Review is for the nightclub only:Looking through the reviews, I saw two very common complaints: the security and the stairs.  To get around both, pay in advance.  It's a simple solution that allows you to get around being harassed by the bouncers (if that even actually happens as often as people make it sound) and allows you to use the escalators to reach the top instead of walking up six flights of stairs.  It also will end up costing you about half as much.Now that that's out of the way, we can talk about the actual venue.  The top floor is where everything seems to happen.  This is the house room where famous DJ's will perform.  We came for Ferry Corsten's show, and it was good as advertised.  Lots of the standard jumping, fist pumping (if you're into that), and all that stuff.  Definitely not disappointed, except for the fact that we got there at 11, and Corsten didn't start his show until 1:30 (maybe everyone else knew this other than me?).The lower floor was mostly a hip-hop room.  The DJ that night did a pretty good job, but he couldn't save this experience.  This room felt tiny, especially compared to the top floor.  After about 20 minutes here, we all agreed to go back upstairs.The outdoor areas were a nice touch.  As crowded as the house room, except with the luxury of open air, which became increasingly more crucial as the night went on.Last points: the crowd that night was mostly good, although the drinks were more expensive than any other club I'd ever been to in Vegas.  Overall, though I'd have to say that this place has correctly been described as one of the better clubs in Vegas, although I'm sure much of the quality of the experience is tied to the DJ that happens to be performing on any given night.
4	I enjoyed myself at Marquee when I came in October 2011. My girlfriends and I were on a guest list & got right in without any problems or wait. We ended up bumping into old friends from our hometown out by the pool, and they so happen to have rented a cabana so this was a + for the night. Before we ran into them, we were at the outside bar grabbing a drink. The bartender was great - came right up to us even though there was a big crowd standing next to us. Drinks were tasty, & from what I remember, not too expensive for Vegas. Dirty South was spinning and I would have liked to have been in the main room by the time he came on, but still had a great time outside in the cabana.I was a little shocked at the amount of young, sloppy drunks running around, considering this is supposed to be one of the top nightclubs in Vegas. But didn't lose any sleep over it ;) The Cosmopolitan is a BEAUTIFUL new chic hotel and walking through it before we came here was very intriguing. I'm coming back in May and will most likely plan a night out here again.P.S. I remember the taxi line not being long at all at the end of the night, which was a definite + when you've been dancing around in 6 inch heels all night & want to get back to your hotel fast. We stayed at the MGM so 2 minute drive :)
1	Place sucks!!! Too many Asians.  If your into that just go to Westminster, it'll be cheaper with no lines.  And the dance floor was packed in like sardines.  Only good thing was the decor was nice.
3	So marquee...Look this review is from someone who loves, I mean loves hip hop and r&b. I do know my house, dubstep, techno shit too so dont get it twisted. This place is amazing if you like the later part. The venue is cool when it is not packed and fun with a group of friends. Don't get me wrong many people love this place, I just think there are other clubs with more room to dance in, yes I actually do dance, game recognize game. The hip hop room is ALWAYS crackin if you love hip hop. But more packed than tuna in a can and it is a sauna in there. Cliff notes: Go there if you haven't before, other than that move on.
1	Overrated. Overpriced. Would not go again.
3	For all the good DJs this place has, it's too bad the venue is so small. Marquee seems to always be so busy or even overcapacity, based on my own as well as others experiences.The main dance floor was super packed when I went for ATB, I could barely move. Luckily, I'm super tiny so it didn't bother me very much. The outdoor area is nice, big, and equipped with a big screen by the back bar so you can still see the DJ spinning from inside. The hip hop floor is waaaayy too crackin .. It's too small and dark for my taste. Quite creepy if you ask me. If you don't have a good hook up and enter the club from a lower floor, there's a bunch of stairs that you have to walk up, which is a complete pain, especially if you're in heels! That being said, I'd only come here if I was super in love with the headliner. If not, it's not worth all the trouble.
5	Hottest club in Las Vegas now. I love the DJ's and the energy that's there. You have the option to be inside or outside. It's wonderful! Guys beware if you're going without girls be prepared to pay a premium or go super early.Hint, if you're staying at Cosmo you get a different line to get in and it's a little bit cheaper.
2	Went back here on 3/24 and i'm sad to report that they are Waaaayyyyy overselling this club.  The place was ridiculously packed and I won't be taking groups of people here anymore.  I'm sad about it because the DJ lineup is great and the space is amazing.It's crowded to the point of where I was concerned for our safety in there.  When we finally made it to the dance floor you literally couldn't move and people were getting shoved around and no one was even shoving.  It was simply just way too crowded.No one was having a good time in our group and we all left by 12:30.In the past there was security making sure people wouldn't crowd onto the dancefloor, this time I didn't see any security in the aisles to get to the dance floor.Is Marquee cutting corners and just trying to maximize their profit?  Seems like it will hurt them in the long run.
4	Don't know what the complaints about all the stairs are about. We didn't walk a single set of stairs. Rather, we took an elevator and guided to our pool side table. It wasn't overly crowded - although we could tell it was a madhouse inside where ATB was playing. Bottle pricing is pretty ridiculous ($1,500 including tax & tip for a bottle of Goose and Ketel One) but you don't go to Vegas to cheap out on going out. If you're going to nickel and dime yourself, stay at home. Seriously. Our servers and staff were attentive. Our VIP host, Marc, is the man... followed up after our trip with a thank you email. Will definitely go back and hit up the place again.
2	One word for Marquee: overrated.  There are two very distinct experiences you can have here, depending on your budget and/or hookups: VIP and what I like to call "steerage" (aka the masses).  And let's face it, if you don't have an in or don't have the budget to pay $500+ a bottle (or you just feel stupid wasting money on ridiculously marked-up liquor), most of us are going to have the steerage experience.  Therefore, you will have to deal with those stairs everyone keeps talking about (they're not so bad, but in those 4-inch heels every other girl seems to be wearing here, they're not fun.  But suck it up and do the walk and burn off all those empty calories from your pregaming cocktails).  Once you arrive, you'll get to enjoy the packed dance floor and bars, and the watered-down, pricey drinks.  The highlight of this place is that the space is actually quite beautiful, especially the outdoor poolside area.  On the night I went, I arrived with a giant group of girls and we found it quite odd that the crowd was mostly male.  Also, the majority of the male contingency was, um, short.  As in stature.  I'm 5'1".  I was shocked to see and be approached by men who were my height or shorter.   Was there a shorty convention taking place in Vegas that weekend?  There are far better ways to blow your cash in Vegas.  Save your money, avoid Marquee, and hit the blackjack tables instead.
4	This nightclub was pretty awesome.  With the pool area it really makes it swanky and unique.  The inside is packed to the gills!  If you don't want to stick out like a sore thumb, be sure to wear your tiniest dress and highest hooker heels you can find!  I seriously don't know when it became so fashionable to look paid for!?!?  At least the guys are dressing nice these days!  Great club for house music, lots of famous DJ's.  Buy tickets in advance and show up by 10pm or you'll possibly not get in.
1	You could not pay me to come back here.I'll start off with the pros: Marquee is able to lasso some renown DJ's (I came the night Redfoo of LMFAO fame was deejaying) and I liked the music in the main room and in the smaller hip hop area. There's a nice balcony/pool area, that is all the more enjoyable if you go during a warm evening.Everything else about this club is a nightmare.  If you are absolutely insistent on checking this place out, I have only one recommendation for you: GET A TABLE.  If you do not get one, you will have to deal with the following:1) Rude ass bouncers both outside AND inside the club!  Yes, I understand you've been standing for hours herding and hustling people (most of whom are probably not fun to deal with, drunk or sober), but be professional.  You chose this job.  Or maybe you didn't.  In which case, it might be time to get that GED.  2) Crowds and crowds of people.  Maybe you're into that sort of thing, but I like to go to the club to dance, not have to deal with drunk white girls pushing me and screaming at me when I literally did not touch them and getting elbowed in the face and kneed in the back of my legs.  If you do not have a table, you will constantly be herded by the bouncers to places with no space.  You are NOT allowed to stand in walkways or enter dance areas that are already at full capacity.  If you stop to rest, a bouncer will yell at you.  If you stop to take off your heels to rest your feet (due to climbing an endless flight of stairs, see point #4), a bouncer will yell at you.  3) Nuclear levels of douchebaggery.  Some guy named Cash who is an employee of this fine establishment helped our entire party get in without a cover.  Honestly, I was thankful to him and wanted to just tip him for his generosity.  But we didn't, and he ended up spouting some nonsense to us about how he'll get us a table and free drinks.  Well, these "free drinks" ended up being $20 a pop and consisted of an 8 oz cup of club soda.  No alcohol.  My guess is Cash pocketed most of the cash and lived up to his name.  Uncool, dude.  No need for that type of play.  I would have rather he be upfront about things.  But that is exactly the type of BS that you'll have to deal with coming into a place like this. Naturally, Cash left to do his thang and the promise of free drinks and a table left with him.4) The stairs: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WUq8HJHIZU4uteB154XN7w?select=JvT5VYkd_3HHLnrljGKv7w.  Absolutely unacceptable.  Whoever designed this club needs to be fired.Maybe more alcohol would have helped me tolerate the Marquee experience but alas, I'll never find out.  I'd rather spend my precious time and money on XS or Tryst.
2	BOTTOM LINE -- THIS PLACE IS TOO CROWDED, IT'S A BUZZKILLcome here if you like TRYING to dance shoulder to shoulder with other people while constantly getting pushed around as people pass byi've been here a good number of times and i've always ended up leaving up/being burnt out because of the hoards of people hereit's nice but, whatever, i'd rather have fun somewhere elseSRSLY CAN THE HIP HOP/BOOMBOX ROOM BE ANY SMALLER OMFG
4	Kaskade = 'nough said.VENUE: We were guest listed and put on priority so we were the first to actually be in the club before anyone else. Thank you to Kay C.'s lovely promoter, might I add all of them were looking fresh and fine that night with their suits on. ;) Marquee is located at the top level of the Comospolitan Hotel so we had to take the elevator up. Once the doors opened and I walked out, I was blown away by the beauty and the grandeur of Marquee. The inside had three separate rooms with multiple bars for easy access, each room dedicated to different types of music. I swear to god, it was so big I got lost going to the restroom. (@___@)" But my favorite part by far was their outdoor patio where their gazebos and jacuzzis were located. They had a screen that's linked to the indoor main house floor and a bar located off to the right. I just loved the fact that you can see all of Vegas out the side windows and the pools were dimly lit with hazy blue lights and fire lanterns everywhere to keep one toasty and warm in the frigid coldness desert nights. Multiple gazebos were located on both sides with a jacuzzi per slot, I heard these were also for bottle service, but they had to close early that night because it got too cold? Not sure if they got a refund or not... But the place is just gorgeous, I would definitely come back during the day for their day club!BARS: Hadn't had trouble getting drinks (shots: $16), they were friendly enough to give us cups of water for free. Although once it gets packed, don't be surprised that you'd be waiting a while before you get to the front.Most of the night I had fun, but really you have to be either drunk or buzzing really good to enjoy yourself fully. By 2 am I was sober and the crowd was driving me nuts. People were rolling and drunk, I had alcohol spilled all over my hair and my foot stepped on while I was in heels. Some guy was ramming his junk behind me and it was just cray cray. But Kaskade's performance was pretty nuts, the lights, the bass, the dancers in their neon Lady Gaga costumes... Fucking awesome.Alas, I will be back for you Marquee!
1	Most horrible nightclub experience I've had in Las Vegas for last 4 years. 70% of dance floor horny local dudes and hookers. Bouncers are the rudest I've ever seen.After I deal with them I don't wanna even go inside of Cosmopolitan.  Too sad I feel negative about a whole Casino. Used to be my favorite.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Came here when Kaskade was dj-ing during Halloween weekend and he tore the place up! I loved the dancers up top shaking their thang and when you go outside away from the main room there was hip hop playing, so you take your pick on Music preference. There are multiple bars and the bathroom was huge and beautiful!
5	One of the best nights in Vegas iv'e ever had!! I can't say anything else everyone else on here hasn't said already! It's a must go in Vegas!
1	This place is total BS. The club sucks compared to XS. (its actually okay once you get in but it just isnt better than xs/surrender and you deal with so much crap to get in) Girls and guys wait forever to get into this place. Most might they refuse to open general admission. Which means guys that don't have enough girls with them (ie a one to one ratio) are left with the great options of buying a table for 2 grand or tipping the bouncer a ridiculous amount of cash.  One time I paid the bouncer here 40 dollars (granted not an obscene amount, but they usually laugh at anything under 100 here)a head and got thrown into the guest list line which doesn't move. Most nights the bouncers want 100 a head for guys just to get in. What a joke. The guest list line is like the enemy list line. I have waited an hour and a half and barely moved. You can guess what I did... I left went to Encore and got the party started quickly.   XS, XS, XS!!!!! F this dump with their D-bag bouncers. Skip it any chance you get!
5	I have been to Marquee twice and it's official I love this place! This place is amazing for two reasons! One the Dj's/Artists that have residencies here are at the top of their game! KASKADE, SANDER VAN DOORN, ABOVE AND BEYOND, ATB, ARMIN VAN BUUREN, AVICCI... FREAKEN HIT AFTER HIT AFTER HIT! Not to Mention this place is beautiful! There are so many places to explore and venture into. The Library, the Outside Patio, the Pool, the Hip Hop Room, the Main room etc. The only reason why people would write a terrible review about this place is because they are A. bitter people, OR  B. Don't know how to do Vegas the right way. OR C. Both***Here are a few things to help you avoid a bad time at Marquee.  1.)  If you are not of Female gender then BUY Your tickets PRE SALE! Get to the club RIGHT at 9pm! Get your stamp and go back to your room to pre party! Otherwise, you will shoot yourself in the face! I mean it! I saw some body bags.2.) If you are going to the hip hop room make sure to give it a chance by passing the bar. It's literally insane but once you get to the dance floor I assure you there is room to groove.3.) If you want to see the headliner get there early!!!! Don't move from the middle unless you absolutely need to pee! This place is amazing the poolside has a bunch of seated planters you can sit on. In my opinion you really don't need a table. If anything make friends and join other people's table. I have never personally been here during the day but I can only imagine it's insane! (Insane in the best way possible!)  Oh as for the crowd... the crowd is whatever. You really go for the music. I live in L.A. I usually go to places for the vibe and the people. Majority of the people are all music lovers too. Honestly, it's just your typical LV crowd. What you see is what you get with Marquee! If you watch youtube videos it's almost the exact same thing... well even better! Their set designers are the cream of the crop! At Marquee you get bubbles, confetti, money (It was weird when the EC twins made it main on my face WTF?!) hahaha but whatever, lights, performers (Medina) was the SH*T!!!!, smoke, lasers, acrobatics, geeze the list goes on and on. As Mentioned before HIT AFTER HIT AFTER HIT! Thanks guys! I'll be back.
3	Not the best clubbing experience I've had in Vegas, although I still had a blast. We were guest listed for Benny Benassi on a Friday night, but we ended up not getting there until around 1 am due to traffic. My friend's (fairly high up) promoter hadn't specified a cutoff time for the list, but the bouncers refused to let us in, claiming the list had closed at 11 pm. Even though my friend showed them texts from her promoter saying that we could come in, they wouldn't budge. Finally we just faked our way in by pretending we were with a table. They didn't even check to confirm. So, in summary, rude but stupid bouncers.As for the actual club, I can't say I remember many details. I think the club was pretty big and had a lot of different areas that I didn't get to explore. I vaguely recall wandering outside onto the patio for a while and chilling by the pool, which was actually really nice. The crowd was just okay... they seemed to be a little older and more ghetto than the crowds I've encountered at other clubs. Benny was awesome, and we stayed until around 5 am when the lights started to go up.I definitely want to come back here to check out the famous stairs... hopefully the people we run into will be more entertaining next time...
5	This is by far the best club in Las Vegas. They have the best DJ's and one of the best lighting and sound systems I have ever seen in danceclub. Many will say it's the best in North America.Regarding the complaints about long lines, being tooled around by bouncers, hating the stairs, having nowhere to stand/dance,etc. ***Solution, step up your game and pay for bottle service. Having your own real estate keeps the ratty people away and is just way more fun in general.  If someone invades your personal space you can have security remove them from your area. At $15-20 a pop for cocktails at the bar, if you drink like me, you will end up spending almost as much money as if you had just split a bottle with a friend. And yes buy purchasing a table you will avoid the lines and being treated like an undesirable in Las Vegas. It's amazing to me that people even put up with waiting in line for 3 hours and pay up to $100 in cover charges just to get into the club to be hearded like cattle and have nowhere to sit down. Time in Las Vegas is too short to waste your entire night just to save a few bucks.Looking forward to the Dayclub grand opening with Avicii. Will be an excellent way to kick off pool season.
2	went on a THURSDAY night, right before 12am.girls -free; guys -i believe it was $30.id gladly go back, especially if i didnt have to pay.very short line, bouncers were nice. be prepared to dress up! i saw people trying to get in but were turned away cause they were wearing a polo. BUT, i donned a dress & gladiator sandals and was able to get in. drinks were expensive but its vegas! (two makers mark on the rocks, $28). i didnt stay for long, and only one floor was open (thursdays!), overall i had a good time but nothing amazing about the place. the outdoor area was simply a good breath of fresh air & i didnt explore the place much.id give it 3 stars but ive definitely experienced better in terms of club & decor. im going to attribute it to going on a thursday & re-do this when after i go back on a fri/sat.! nothing particularly wrong that night, i actually had tons of fun thanks to the company i was with!
4	Bottle sevice+Kaskade+group of ER nurses = i'm a happy camperI'm definitely coming back to this club again. I only have a few complaint about this place and that is rude bouncers!!!! They're very strict when it comes to trying to keep people moving in aisle. They don't want people standing around the aisle when there's a performance going on. If you don't' have a table reserved, good luck trying to  get a peek of who's playing that night. The bouncers don't care if ur a female , if you're in the way they'll shove u away.They also try to make this club exclusive, so they'll pick on petty things such as not wearing ur shoe in the club, hotel, elevator or anywhere on their property ( WTEFF? Most of us just danced the night away in ur effing club with our high heels on..give us females a break!) They'll kick your friends out of the club if they remotely look drunk even though theyre allready on their way out and hasn't made a scene (for ex: like throwing up at some random person's shoe, falling in the pool).Aside from the neg things I'll still give this club 4 stars for the music, atmosphere, awesome lineup of performers!
4	Go drunk, look hot, know a promoter and go and get crazy!!! otherwise, it is probably really expensive and hard to get in, av come out of this club before at like 3 am and there were still people waiting outside. I personally like the upstairs rave like department, everyone is super fucked up but my friends prefer the downstairs hiphop department. the Lady dj, i think she might be lesbian is super legiiiiit for the hip hop section and every time she plays i get a major crush on her. My friend gave her her shoes because she was overwhelmed.
4	This is a review for the Dayclub.Marquee Dayclub is like that one girl who ends up being smarter than you think she is.. but who still is not as smart as SHE thinks she is.  Yes, Marquee was sicker than I thought it would be(having been only to the Nightclub before), but it's definitely not as awesome as the promoters and "hottest day club of 2011" awards make it out to be.  Having been to a bunch of the other dayclubs in vegas, I'm going to say the venue, the drinks, the food, the service, the people... meh, average.With that being said, the shining jewel of the Marquee Dayclub is: the girls who work there are HOT.  Like seriously HOT.  Like I dont think I have ever seen groups of hotter girls before, not even on television; and that's saying something because my favorite shows include Entourage, Nip/Tuck, and South Park (that last one is not really conducive to my point but whatever).So does an average club with nothing to set it apart from the other clubs but extraordinarily hot girls deserve a favorable review??Well, I have a Y chromosome. So yes. Yes it does.
4	Really nice place. There's several levels and the dance floor can be congested. There's a level that's more of a lounge, the main floor, and a rap/hip hop level. I saw that some tables have come with jacuzzis which made me want to see some really drunk people falling in. However, we were there too early for that. I was a hotel guest and there was a separate line for that, which took 15 minutes (we got there at 11). However, if you come here as a big group of sausages, you may be in for a longer wait. It was 50 for guys, 30 for girls on a Saturday night.
3	I want to be one of those eff marquee it sucks kinda people, but the club is pretty nice inside.... If you can get inside that is. I like that they have multiple rooms, but walking the stairs is crap. Especially when you've been drinking, I call that LIABILITY! Getting in is def a feat, but if you manage it, be prepared for typical $14 drinks and Vegas style fun. This isn't one of those clubs you can just walk in if you're a chick, but money talks for the fellas.Once you're inside, the ambiance is nice, the view up near the pool is gorgeous, and it is fairly spacious due to the multiple floors.
1	Ugh this place is annoying.- too many stairs- bouncers are incredibly rude- dance floor is closed off ~11pm because it gets too crowded- when on the dance floor, I'm afraid to leave the dance floor (for bathroom or drink) because I'm worried I won't be able to come back- too crowded- outdoor area is too cold during the winter- headlining DJ doesn't come out until 1-1:30am- hiphop floor stinks
3	So many dudes.  We got to Marquee at like 2am with 8 girls, so we thought we would get in immediately and not have to worry about cover.  Wrong.  The girl at the cash register insisted we pay up $20.  Well, ok, we heard this place was good, so fine, we'll try it out.  Didn't have issues with stairs since the elevators were working and it was so late.  When we get in we look around and it is like all guys.  This makes me even more pissed that we paid cover - they honestly should have been paying us for putting up for how aggressive these guys were being.  There were this glowing phallic tubes that some guys had, and actually whacked one of my friends with when dancing behind us.  The music was house and I'm a hip hop girl, but ok, I'll deal.  I liked the club because it wasn't actually terribly crowded by the time we got there, and they occasionally shoot these powerful bursts of air into the crowd which made dancing comfortable, minus all the dudes.  Seriously, dudes, you have better odds at Tao or like, any other club.
5	This is hands down, the best club I've ever been to.  What an amazing vibe.  Star 1.)The fact that there's a hip hop room is amazing.  Sometimes I want to take a break from the whole fist pump and shuffling scene.  The music is awesome.  The Dj's rock out.Star 2.)  Being set in the beautiful Cosmopolitan Hotel, smart move.  I am wowed during my stroll to this club.  The decor is so extravagant it really is breathtaking.Star3.)  The crowd is extremely sexy.  I really have to be on my A-game here.Star4.)  The lines move fairly quick.Star 5.)  The drinks are epic and the bartenders aren't stingy. The dayclub is also awesome and a must-see experience as well!For what's it worth, I will be back here as soon as I have more $$$ to blow.  I am guaranteed a night to remember whenever I frequent this place!
5	I remember when this club first opened in 2011, and it still is probably the best club to spend your time at when you're visiting the City of Sin.Try to get in touch with a promoter to get in, especially if you're a girl. They can usually get in one guy for every girl on the guest list, but guys usually have to pay a small cover unless you get some VIP passes (you have to find the right promoter for those).Not only is this place HUGE (it's a 3-story club set up like a bunch of small clubs connected by stairwells and hallways, it almost feels like you're club hopping) but the greatest talent always comes through here every weekend. Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and even some Monday nights are always popping with the hottest DJs in EDM.I've seen ATB, Kaskade, Above & Beyond, Markus Schulz, & Gareth Emery here, and for all these DJs, the best sets I've seen from them are at this venue (and I've seen these DJs multiple times at multiple venues).The headlining DJ doesn't even come on 'til 1AM, so you're always guaranteed a late night out every time you're at Marquee. I gotta say, the greatest feeling is closing out Marquee at 6AM and walking out onto the strip into the unforgiving Las Vegas sunrise.The main dance floor is definitely my favorite place to be, but get on it early because it usually closes off around 11PM - 12AM. The bigger the DJ, the earlier the dance floor closes.
4	Visited 04/09/12. Cool place. huge, numerous bars; three rooms and outside (poolside) to party. the, "boom box" was closed (I have a feeling this would have been more our cup of tea). However, after a couple, literally 2 drinks we were having the best time!! DJ was interactive, confetti falling, night sticks being passed around. decent amount of diversity (that was in the main room only). We would visit this place again.
5	To get to the point, Marquee is the best club in Vegas, hands down.  There is, however, a lot of bads things associated with Marquee, but those things are generally associated with all of the big clubs in Vegas, and are problems deeply rooted in the Vegas clubbing culture as a whole.The lines here are LONG.  And by long, I mean a multiple hour wait to get in on a big night, such as when Kaskade is playing.  The best way to beat this? Figure out when you want to, keep an eye on their event calendar, and buy tickets early (especially if you're a guy).  Ladies, you can press you luck with guestlist, but guys, you are SOL unless you are best friends with a host or promoter (and in the case, you probably aren't looking to yelp for clubbing advice), so just buy a presale and skip the main line (head to the 3rd floor to a shorter ticketed entry line).Security here sucks big time - they are pushy (literally), rude, and treat everyone like they are the world's biggest inconvenience, no matter how polite you are to them.  The main dancefloor is way too small for the talent they bring in and the amount of people (6000+ on a good night) that come through this club.  Thankfully, the weather is normally nice in Vegas, so the outside pool area is generally open and a nice place to chill out when you're tired of being ground on by drunk 20-something's from LA.  The bar service, despite how crowded Marquee can get, is generally great - the bar staff is always friendly and drinks, while expensive, and poured liberally (so tip well!).So, it might sound like Marquee has a lot stacked against it, but it's all made up for by one thing: THE MUSIC.  If you're an EDM junkie like myself, Marquee is heaven on earth (aside from possibly Ibiza).  The sound (provided by a top of the line Funkton-One sound system), the lights, the lasers, the CO2, the dancers, the LED screen, and everything that goes into the production of a show here is top notch, not only for Vegas, but for clubs around the world (fun fact: DJ Mag recently listed Marquee as the top club in North America, and the 11th best club IN THE WORLD after only 12 months of operation).  With the incredible production value here, you could pump Raffi records though the speakers and it would be awe-inspiring, but there is no need because Marquee consistently brings in some of the biggest DJs in the world every Friday and Saturday - Armin van Buuren, Chuckie, Kaskade, ATB, Above & Beyond, Sander van Doorn, Dash Berlin, Dirty South, Ferry Corsten - the list, which reads like the DJ Mag top 100, goes on and on with top tier talent.  And, for those of you who are coming from out of town to see DJs, Marquee mosts close to a dozen regulars/resident DJs, meaning you have more than one opportunity to catch your favorite DJ if you happen to miss them during your trip.  So, if you're serious about clubbing, electronic music, and having your mind absolutely blown away between 10pm and 4am, get in line early and check out Marquee.
5	I've been to The Cosmopolitan several times since it's opened, either to have drinks at The Chandelier or eat at one of the restaurants; each time I noticed how chaotic the scene outside Marquee was.  Seriously, once there was a line that seemed to be a mile long, going down to where the giant stilletos are.  I always wanted to check out the club, but could not imagine standing in line for an hour plus, in heels, then have to pay some ridiculous cover.Hands down, number one, best way around this?  Bottle service.  Yes, I know the litany of reasons why bottle service seems dumb, i.e., it's an obscene amount of money for a bottle that you can buy at the store for a fraction of the cost and feeds into the crazy Vegas club culture that allows the clubs to charge an arm and a leg.  I don't care about being front and center, but bottle service means no line, no wait, no cover, and premium real estate, i.e., a place to dance with no pushing, elbows, being stepped on, or drinks spilt on me.  But best of all, it means a place to sit down when the song sucks, my feet start hurting or I just need a moment to relax.  To me, bottle service (albeit, split among friends) is worth it every once in a while, and especially at the current hot spot like Marquee. So under this context, Marquee was AWESOME!!!  My group got in as soon as we got to the entrance, and were whisked up right away.  (No line, no wait, no cover.)  The service was amazing.  Our hostess was really nice and friendly, was constantly by, and danced with us.  The bus boy was also super attentive, quickly clearing away glasses, cleaning the table, replenishing the ice, and reorganizing the mixers.  (Seriously, I think he replenished the ice like ten times.)  The security guards were also cool guys.We were in the hip hop room; the DJ was pretty good and spun a mix of current hits and throwbacks.The only downside was having to walk down the stairs to leave, but it is not uncommon at Vegas clubs (e.g., Tao, Lavo).  Seriously, I have to imagine that people eat it on the stairs pretty frequently, but I digress.  Overall, I had a blast at Marquee.  I don't know if it was the club, the ambiance, the music, the bottle service, my company, or a combination of all of the above, but it was one of THE best times I've ever gone out in Vegas.
2	Maybe it's me. Maybe at 32, I'm just "over" the club scene in Vegas. I don't know. All I DO know is that my experience at Marquee left me feeling a little let-down.But before I go all hater, let's explore the pros: I waited in line for less than 10 minutes and got in free. Yay. But it's Vegas, and being a woman, this is pretty standard. The Cosmopolitan itself is a nice hotel, and Marquee had a nice layout, with three floors and decent 'atmosphere.' On this particular night, ladies drank for free til midnight, I think, which is always nice. And the music in the hip hop room was great!And now... onto the cons: For starters, THE STAIRS. Ho-ly crap, I should've packed sneakers in my clutch, cause upon leaving the line to enter the club we were climbing stairs for what seemed like AGES, and in 4-inch heels, that is a killer!! From one set of stairs to the next to the next - seriously? By the time we got to the first floor I felt like I'd just spent 20 minutes on a Stairmaster. The drinks, while free, were nasty. WAY too strong; the bartender must've used an eyedropper to add the coke to my rum. But perhaps they want everyone to get buzzed quickly, I don't know.The hip hop room was JAM packed. I go to the club to dance, but how can you dance when the room is so full you can't even lift your arm without jabbing someone in the side? It was literally impossible to move. Given that, everyone trying to move through the crowd was pushing and shoving, it was literally a hot mess. The largest floor played all that techno/trance/house crap, music with no lyrics and a relentlessly annoying beat that made me feel like I was trying to dance inside a crack-addicts head. Who LISTENS to that? And how do you DANCE to it? No really... someone please tell me, cause I really don't know. I can see the appeal of Marquee for some people, truly. From the looks of things, the drunk 21-26 year olds LOVE this place, so good for them. For me though, this just wasn't the place to be. There were women and men who were clearly older than me who seemed to be having a decent time, standing around drinking. So maybe it's not my age, maybe it's just me. I just know when I go to club, I go to dance, and when I don't get to do that, I don't have a good time. So sorry Marquee - just 2 stars from me.
5	This was my second time here.  I had to come here one more time before I could give it a review since I was only there for about an hour due to a friend passing out because she had a little too much to drink.I have to say that this is "THE PLACE TO BE" in Vegas right now.  My friends and I had a great time.  We arrived around 11PM and got right in with tickets.  If you're a guy, which the six of us were, BUY TICKETS, you won't have to pull girls from the lobby or line in order to get in and have to pay the same amount you would if you had bought tickets, plus you won't have to wait in line for an hour.  Also they no longer have you climb four flights of stairs, you take the ELEVATOR NOW!I thoroughly enjoyed the music and the people there.   There were a lot of ladies there and the majority of them were very down to earth and not too standoffish from what I remember, but then again I was very drunk.  The staff there was also very accommodating.  As I mentioned I was very intoxicated and was stopped by a bouncer and told I would have to leave, I asked for his supervisor.  I spoke with the supervisor, or head bouncer, or whatever his job title was, I informed him that I was there to have a good time and promised not to vomit on, or punch anyone in the face.   He told me to continue to party, drink water, and go about my merry way. I obliged and continued to dance.  About 10 minutes later I was stopped by another bouncer and asked to leave due to my level of intoxication; I again spoke with the supervising bouncer and informed him I had been following his prescription of water.  He was very understanding and polite from what I remember, and sent me on my way once again.  We then danced the night away until 4 am.It does get pretty packed as the night goes on, and they won't let you on the dance floor, but I'll give you a tip if this happens.  Wait for a bouncer to get preoccupied talking to, or chasing off a drunk individual, then slip by him onto the dance floor!
4	First time here during baker to Vegas weekend...long line but since there was 3 of us girls we were able to get in without waiting. Classy And upscale..
5	WOW! That is all I can say!!!I recently attended a private event here, the AJA VIP party, during NAB 2012 and had an amazing time. I arrived two hours late and the whole place was packed already. There were people everywhere.I now had the challenge of finding all of my crew. I started collecting them one by one like a mother hen looking for her baby chicks. I established an area outside in front of the pool. Close enough to enjoy the DJ inside but not close enough to have to yell until my voice was horse.The outdoor pool area is incredible. Yeah I know it is a pool by day but I've never seen it under the sun so it's all new to me! There were elevated cabanas with private hot tubs and cascading water falls. I made a loop to check it all out.I also found that the bar behind the pool way in the back was a little less crowded, so I decided to stock up on my vodka on the rocks. I just needed two until I decided to hit the road back to my hotel.As we were leaving we got stuck just staring at the DJ. He was rocking the room unlike any DJ I've ever seen before in all of my years on the clubbing scene. In fact, two things kept us locked there in a trance. First he was in this set where he kept slamming songs every 20 to 30 seconds and this went on for over 30 minutes. He was also covering music over a 30 year period and the crowd was just dancing there hearts out. The second thing was the giant light wall behind the DJ it was a show all by itself. My favorite was when it would go full bright lights and all you could see was the DJ's black silhouette standing there. I still have no idea how he could see any of his music!Yeah this club is worth it for a fun time. I'm coming back here Vegas. I also recommend if your a company and looking to throw the corporate event of the year in Vegas then this is the place to do it!
5	Marquee is truly the place to be in Vegas.  The crowd is great and the music, visual and physical effects they have on the dance floor is outstanding.  The prices for drinks were "Vegas" prices but what do you expect, you're at the hottest club in Vegas.  We had a group of twenty,  comprised of fifteen girls and five guys.  The guys had to pay a cover of $45 which was well worth the experience you will have at Marquee.  If you go, (why wouldn't you) make sure you hook up with a promoter and get on some sort of a list.  If you don't, you will be sitting in that line FOREVER.  Tip for the women dressed to impress.  We had to make the infamous treck up the stairs which generally isn't an issue for the guys but some of the girls were starting to feel it at the end because of their heels.  SUCK it up and get it done because the trek is well worth it and pain is only temporary.
3	Lost a star due to: 1) the power tripping bouncers, 2) the unaccomodating stairwells, and 3) the preposterous lack of space in the jukebox room.For the nightclub, the crowd has gotten larger and larger and the space seems like it is big enough to accommodate club goers but it always feels like we're squished like sardines.Unless you really need to listen to hip hop, avoid the jukebox room at all costs. You'll be grinding with everyone around you, male, female, or shemale. And you'll probably get in a fight with someone after being elbowed or pushed in the crowd. Expect all of this to happen past 11pm.The main stage is still banging and is why I will come back despite what I listed above. I was here for Kaskade and it was an amazing set. You'll have fun here no matter what. If you have bottle service, even better. The outer tables are a decent size for a party of about 8 people.What I can't stand about Marquee are the re-entry stairs. You take these to exit the club and to re-enter (obv) but they are the jankiest staircases to ever grace a Las Vegas club. Image should be everything at Marquee, and those stairwells belong inside prisons... And so do most of the bouncers. I don't want to go into detail about this one but in sum, they are not cool.
3	Marquee Dayclub - 5 starsMarquee Nightclub - 2 starsAverage Rating - 3.5 (rounded down)Where do I even begin?I'll start out with what I like best about Marquee.  If you're going to check out Marquee, I definitely recommend going for the Dayclub.  Even though I've only been twice (once for Armin van Burin, who was uh-mazing), I love the ambience and decor of the place.  Definitely not as big as Encore Beach Club or Palms Pool Party, but I like the atmosphere and music much more.  I'm considering getting a table here for my birthday weekend :)Sadly, that's the only great thing about Marquee.I've been to the nightclub more than a handful of times to see ATB, Cosmic Gate, Markus Schulz, etc.  Was here during Halloween weekend, was here on Christmas Eve -_-  I can say out of all the times I've been here, I've had a good time only once.  Once!  Every other time has just been bad.  I don't know if this place is cursed or I have bad juju... but my friends and I have had pretty bad times here :(The first time I went to the nightclub (Halloween weekend), one of the girls in my party pre-gamed a little too hard and we had difficulty getting past the bouncers.  One of my best girlfriends and I tried to sway the bouncers, but to no avail.  I ended up fighting with the bouncers (I had a little to drink too) and walked away in tears and frustration.  In the process, I lost more than half of my friends.  We all managed to find ways to get in separately, but it was just really frustrating and such a hassle to be in that situation.Second time I went (to see Cosmic Gate), we went through the "VIP" entrance with the million flights of stairs.  Why do the VIPs get to go up the stairs and regular guest list people get the elevators?!  I don't understand this.  Anyway, because I hadn't drank water the entire day and had one mixed drink, by the time I reached the actual club, my heart was racing, I couldn't breathe, and I fainted.  I woke up on the floor next to the bar, was taken to the ladies' restroom and fainted in there as well.  By the time I woke up, I was told by the restroom attendent that the paramedics were coming.  They whisked me away in a wheelchair just as Cosmic Gate was performing my favorite song... :"(  They took me to this place where I guess all the medics take care of the injured and after fainting again in there, the medics said I was fainting due to dehydration and I was taken to the hospital.  It was a series of unfortunate events, but I believe if I never climbed those whack ass sets of stairs, I would've never fainted.Times after that have definitely been a lot more chill for me, but when crazy stuff like that isn't happening at Marquee, this place is super packed.  The dance floor is a mess and it's a mission to get inside, and to get out.  I do like, however, that they blast air over the dance floor occasionally so it doesn't get as hot.  The music really depends on the DJ they have spinning, but on average, has been pretty good.I would definitely come back since it's the place to be and if my favorite DJ is spinning there, how can I say no?  Is Marquee my favorite club in Vegas though?  Definitely not.  And if I could avoid it, I would.
3	I think it was overhyped for me.But here's what I did like about My experience here.Being a girl with 12 other girls.. essentially not much waiting in line. The dance pit was cool, very compact but once you're in it, you feel like you are IN IT!  I love that feeling.  I can ignore the fact that there are armpits in my face when I know I'm having a great time.  Dance the night away.  The DJ, the lights, the adrenaline keeps you pumped up.  This is Vegas.Here's what brought my 5 stars down to a 3. I dunno if the elevator was out of service, or if they always make people take the stair, but being in heels.. asking ladies to walk like 9 flights of stairs is a little pain in the ass.  They were metal stairs too. so clank. clank. clank.  Felt kind of like cattle herding. They have a bouncer at the dance pit area who supposedly regulates the crowd.. really?  So he harshly said a stern no, but 2 minutes later we snuck in anyways.  That's not very effective is it?The outside area is nice but gets kind of crazy-crowded.  This is how it is, although next time I go, I'd like to try snagging a table and getting bottle service.I'm getting old.  Which means the crowd nowadays doesn't listen to as much hip hop as they do this house stuff.  I think the room that plays hip hop was closed.  So eventually when the house stuff starts moving towards the no-lyrics-just-repetition.. I get bored.  The highlight was when they played Swedish House Mafia, Save the World.  I did enjoy that one because the whole room as singing and dancing along to it.
2	Ok, ok.  What's a guy like me doing in a place like this?  Well, it was my brother's bachelor party and we needed to play into the Vegas scene for a great celebration.Sure, it came with a price to sit at a table.  It was expected in Vegas.  I mean, that's what makes this hell hole of a town thrive.  Money talks.  So, who gives a crap about statements like "giving you my word" and "fair business practices".  "Whoah whoa!"  you say.  "What's with all the hostility? It's Vegas!  Don't be angry!"   I can't stand how utterly third world Marquee's front staff really is. So here is what occurred.  A member of the bachelor party had spoken with one of the employees of this fine establishment to discuss the amount needed to obtain a table.  We were quoted 4000 for a "tier 2" table.  The members of the bachelor party, (mind you, some did not have the income to splurge) had made a consensus to get the table.  When we showed up in the line for a table, the classic "bait and switch" technique occurred.  We were not honored such a deal, and for 3000 we were to get a tier 3 table as someone else had supposedly taken our previously negotiated table for a larger sum of cash.  You know, we were honestly "slighted".  "slighted" to the worst degree.  And by "slighted" I really mean the f bomb.  But, we didn't want to dampen the spirits of the group.  They were excited to go to a club to have some fun.  After a few grovels here and there, we just decided to take a look at the said tables.  They had the nerve to make us pay 500 more for a table that was just next to the table he showed.  The club itself was packed.  It was fun, but mainly because we were a cohesive group of buddies.   You know what, Marquee managers?  I would never stoop to your level.  If you came to me with a medical illness, I'd treat you like anyone else.  With respect and courtesy.  If you became my patient, I would look past this event and make sure that you were healed and happy.  It's just that no matter what I say will matter one iota in the big scheme that you have over there.  I just hope that this will warn people not to trust you guys.
2	The club itself is pretty remarkable.  We had a table on the "patio" (outside near the pool) and they were very accomidating and nice to the 13 of us girls there for a bachelorette party.  The staff was VERY cool and got us all pumped up when taking us over to the table.  You pay a pretty penny for a table but it's Vegas so it is what it is.Here is why I give them two stars ... it is what happen AFTER that night.  We paid in cash and the waitress held my ID till we paid.  Well there was a lot of back and forth with the cash and getting it counted correctly, getting our change back, etc.  So after that debacle (I suggest paying with a CC!!) the ID didn't even come to mind (and I hadn't event had a drink yet so I cannot blame it on it the booze).  The next morning I woke up and was like ohhhh crap, I didn't get my ID back and I had to hop on a plane later that afternoon.  I called the club SEVERAL times - I was given BS answers and "oh well let us take your information and we will call you back".  After the FOURTH call I was VERY mad and even though on call #3 I told them the waitress' name I was told "oh umm the manager has to call each person working that night".  I left SEVERAL vm's throughout this week and today finally somebody answered when I called.  "Oh yes, we have your ID"  Great ... thanks for the call back.  Now I am waiting on some "liability release form" ... we shall see if THAT ever comes through.  If it doesn't come through this afternoon I am going to call the Vegas police and report it as stolen.  Seriously ... this is a JOKE.  And for that I will not step into that nightclub again.  WORST customer service EVER.
3	Went to Dayclub on Saturday....actually...I was kind of dragged here by my 2 guy friends who were just dying to go. Me, on the other hand...let's just say clubs are NOT my scene. So my review is from that perspective.When we arrived around 1pm or so, we didn't wait in the general admission line for long. Maybe 5 minutes before being prompted to pay a $20 cover (for me) and $40 for each of the guys. I really just paid $20 to get into a pool. Yay. When we got in I was shocked at how small the pool area was for the amount of hype there was for this club. There was literally NO WHERE to go. No place to put my stuff. No place to lay out a towel. Actually, the only place there was to stand was in the pool. So, we went back downstairs to store our stuff. A salesman by the lockers informed us that it would be the reasonable price of $20 to get a locker. And I though the $5 lockers at Disney World were a ripoff. So yes, we paid $20 for a locker. My group of 3 is already $120 in the hole and we haven't even started to party.Back in the club we go, and we head straight for the bar. I skipped rounds of drinks here and there to save money, but I learned very quickly I was going to need a drink if I wanted to survive the afternoon without going completely insane. I will say our bartender was great and it never took too long to get to drinks. Mixed cocktails were poured strong, and even girly drinks (like my strawberry mojito) were made with care. Total bar tab ended up around $300 for the 3 of us. The party itself... meh. Since we were basically stuck standing in the pool I experienced a lot of not super fun stuff. The party monitors (people with whistles?) spent a lot of time making sure the sexy party didn't turn into a frat party. We were constantly reminded to keep drinks by the edge of the pool. However, that didn't stop the water from getting nice and murky by the end of the day. Many beach balls were tossed around the pool which basically served the purpose of men showing their manliness by seeing how hard they could volleyball spike it towards opposite ends of the water. Finally, splashing. One guaranteed strategy to make sure you go back to your room alone is to arrive at  Dayclub buzzed and proceed to splash all the girls on the edge of the pool that clearly spent time prettying their hair that morning. Eventually splashing became standard as songs got hyped up, but definitely don't go around just splashing people. I experienced a LOT of pushing and shoving around, trying to get to the front, not moving when I shouted "EXCUSE ME PLEASE!!", because almost everyone who comes here thinks they're better than everyone else. I realize this is normal club behavior but for goodness sake, make a little room when a girl is carrying 3 drinks. I did find that the staff (bartenders, DJs, party monitors, etc) were all great. I really appreciated that the dancers were not totally slutted out, they were wearing cute one pieces. So basically I didn't have the greatest time. I would have really appreciated this place a lot more if it was probably half as full as it was so people could actually move around the space. Also I probably would have enjoyed it more if we had a much larger group-- probably 5-7 people is the sweet spot. I can understand why guys love it, because there are tons of hot girls (and if you're a gal, you better be super confident in whatever body you have, because I guarantee there will be 3408324 better looking girls than you). The two guys I went with said it was the "highlight" of our 4 day trip. As for me... probably the least favorite thing I did. Instead of spending $100 and basically not being able to move, I'd rather spend $50, relaxing and sunning on a chaise, and having a server bring drinks to me instead of fighting my way for them. But that's just me.
1	I was very excited to go to the marquee for the very first time. I had heard so many good things about the club, I had such high expections. I go to Las Vegas at least two times a year. We do at least one girls trip a year and at least one birthday a year. Every time we go we have at least one night at a club with table service. Being that the Marquee is a up scale club I was expecting excellent service with first class accommodations,sad to say I was extremely disappointed. To my disappointment by far this is the worst table service I have ever experienced. The night started off with as soon as we entered the club the staff trying to collect more money then what we had already paid and had arrangements for. After dealing with and settling that issue in about 15 minutes, it took over 45 minutes to even get our bottles to our table. Yes that's right it took over an hour for us to receive any of our drinks. Followed by one of the servers spilling a drink on the bride, ruining her shoes, leaving her  and her dress smelling horrible and sticky. She got a quick sorry  as the server laughed and left never to be seen again, not even a replacement drink was brought to our table. We never got the goodie bag for the bride or the complementary Champaign that was part of the package and was paid for. The server told use that there was no packaged deal such as the one we paid for and they had never heard of such a thing. We had to bring up an email on OUR phone to show the package deal we ordered. This is not a way to run a business so unprofessional. Most of the staff was not very friendly and we saw our server maybe five to six times in the 6 hours we were there. We were never asked if we needed anything and (for the first time ever in my 14 years of Vegas trips) when we ran out of the bottles we had ordered we were told we had to go to the bar to order more drinks. I have never had that happen, we have always been served at our table. I have myself personally had table service at eighteen different clubs in Las Vegas, marquee makes nineteen and never have I been treated so poorly or been so disappointed.  The club it self is very nice,clean, splendid decor, enjoyable ambiance, great music, variety and large, its such a shame there was no costumer service skill what so ever. Our bus boy James is the only one that I have anything positive to say about. He was very sweet and efficient.
5	I hosted a bachelor party and we went to Marquee twice that weekend. We saw Gareth Emery (4/20) at the Nightclub and then went to the Dayclub opening for Avicii (4/21) and had the best time I've ever had in Vegas.Gareth Emery-Amazing set. We had a tier 2 table for 3k miniumum dead center, 1 row from the dance floor. Usually goes for 5k or more. Once we got there, they bumped our minimum to 4k due to demand. I did not like the increase but it's Vegas and we were still getting a deal so I went ahead and paid the difference. It was totally worth it. Glad we did not bounce and go to XS (aka the club run by the "foot clan" that asks for 400 dollar host tips to sit your party on a table the size of a bar stool...i could go on and on).Around 4:30 AM....Right after ordering a $1100 magnum of champagne to finally hit our minimum, Gareth Emery was tearing it up so hard that I decided to climb on top of our booth, which is about  5 ft up, to "fist pump" like a d bag (not recommended). At the time, I was a pretty hammered to say the least. I did not realize how slick the bottom of my loafers were and slipped and  fell off the booth and smashed 6 or so glasses of champ and the bottle.  Holy balls--this shit never happens to me.... Before I could realize what happened, the security team came in "red team go" style, picked me up, and took me to a back stairwell.  At this point, all of my party swore I was going to jail. And they continued to rage like I would have wanted them to when spending 4k plus tax plus tip.Not so fast... Once in the back stairwell, I realized they had brought me to a medic instead of beating my ass or taking me to jail.   The medic was super nice and she cleaned my wounds, made sure I was okay, and then sent me back to the show to continue domination. My buddy's were like "They were saying we gotta get this guy back out there!!" No where in Vegas would I have been treated this well. I can say say that if i had just paid cover like many I would have been bounced in a heartbeat  but the security at Marquee takes care of the those that spend an arm and a leg to party. The club finally shut down at 6am and those in my party still rocking and I headed back to get some sleep before the Avicii party opened at 10 am.The opening of the Dayclub was the highlight of everyone's trip. We got up at 9:30am and headed straight to Marquee so we wouldn't get caught in the bottle service lines like everyone else.  One of the hottest DJ's in world (Avicii), plus a cabana, plus the best looking people in Las Vegas. Service was again top notch and our cabana was filled with Marquee and Avicii paraphernalia to wear or to pass out  The food is actually pretty good as well and goes towards the minimum spend. If you are going to spend the 5k to get set up in a cabana right in front of the stage then they will make sure you have the best time of your life. Since i'm a Dallas Cowboys fan, I drunkenly decided to tell that to D'Angelo Hall (who had a day bed right in front of us) that I am a cowboys fan and the Redskins suck.  Lucky for me, he was more interested in getting booty thank kicking my silly ass. I wasn't trying to start shit although i am not sure what i expected to happen by opening my mouth to a pro bowl athlete.  The vibe is really good though.. Nobody was trying to start fights or piss each other off (except me apparently?)Recommendation, do not go out after the dayclub--you will be inihilated and spend every dime you have.  Going to the Dayclub is a weekend worth of Vegas fun wrapped into 8 hours by the pool.I will be back as soon as I can afford to do it right.  I will never go here without at least a daybed so i can have a home base and have somewhere to put my wallet,flip flops,etc.Check it out!
3	Meh. I've been here twice, and I'll admit, the second time was better than the first, but not by much. Stairs, stairs, stairs. If stairs are an obstacle for you, you're gonna have a bad time. These stairs don't even match the club. And what I mean by that is that they look like fire escape kind of stairs, not glamorous-looking Marquee stairs. At least put a chandelier or two in there to give us something to look at while we're breaking a sweat just trying to get to the first floor. Anyways, the club. There are 3 floors. The boom box room is by far my favorite. Compared to the main room that plays house music, the boom box room really is the size of a boom box. I haven't spent much time in the library, but I'm sure it's a swell place. This place has potential, it really does. It's just over-hyped and a tad overcrowded. I probably won't come to Marquee again unless I really have to...
5	Best Day AND Night club on earth. Yeah the staff may be rude, the waitresses b*tches, and the bar-tenders ignore you - but this probably has something to do with you being a tool to begin with, as I didn't experience this to the level that so many claim.The DJ line up, day AND night that they bring in is just insane. International DJ's from every corner of the globe is their specialty,  My wife and I especially enjoy the Day Club, as the sound system is great, day-beds comfortable, and atmosphere under the desert sun just divine.It also helps that this venue is plugged in the center of the best resort in Las Vegas (The Cosmopolitan).
3	Not a pool to visit if you expect to swim or carry on a conversation be,ow a shout, but it does have a great vibe and fantastic club music. The energy is definitely very hip, young and alive. A lot fun to visit, but I would recommend going with a group of friends and possibly getting a cabana...the people there seem to be a bit cliquish. Never once saw the wait staff, unless you have a cabana, and the drinks a not watered down. Definitely recommend the the house special "Painkiller".
4	After having an amazing time in 2011 at the Nightclub for Marquee Monday with LMFAO, three of us decided to check out the massive pool party that is Dayclub!Vegas pool parties are probably the most insane in the world. Be prepared to roll with the craziness.We went on a Saturday to see Hardwell, and after having a couple of drinks at our hotel, we walked over to Dayclub at about 1pm. There was a tiny line in Cosmopolitan, so we were able to pay ($40 for guys, $20 for girls when we went in with 2 guys and 1 girl) and get to the 2nd line outside the pool in no time. Once inside we realized the magnitude of what we were getting into. No, you're not going to get a chair to lay on unless you already reserved a daybed or cabana, and you're not going to have a place to really stand unless you're in the pool.So, we dropped all our stuff at one of the locker and headed straight for the bar. Our bartender was fantastic! Strong drinks and was always easy to get to. Beers are $10 and drinks are $13 or so. Be prepared for a massive tab at the end of your day.The crowd was already energized by the music and alcohol by the time we got there, so it was fun from the first second. I'm not underestimating the fact that this place had the highest number of attractive people I've ever seen in one place. Lots of eye candy for girls and guys! We hung out the whole day in the pool and the crowd was great, especially when Hardwell went on. Beach balls and splashing all over the place, so cover your drink at all times!It would have been the perfect day if there was enough space outside the pool to stand and there weren't some idiots going around splashing everyone. Even with those two negative I can't recommend this place enough It's definitely an experience!
4	Marquee is in my opinion one of the best in Vegas as of right now. They always have great dj's headlining and there are several rooms to dance in. You can seriously get lost with all the stairs and rooms in Marquee! (WARNING: Drunkness will inhibit your sense of direction, especially at Marquee! Be ready to explore...) The Library plays old school hip hop and has more of a relaxed vibe. Bottle service tables, fireplace, pool table and a bar. Upstairs from the main floor.The Boombox is dance/hip hop mixes, very dark and gets VERY crowded. Has lots of tables inside, and direct access to the outside strip of balcony. Close to the elevators.Main Stage is pretty small of an area to dance in, but if you go to see a DJ get your spot early! Bouncers close off the ramps once they feel it reaches capacity down there. They have awesome audio/visuals for DJ sets and one of my favorites is when it gets a little hot they blow puffs of cold air! Exactly what you need to keep your groove going!Outdoors will play the same music as the DJ on the main stage just no special bells and whistles of course. But other times they have a DJ out there on a mini stage. Depends on the nightAnd as we all know, it will cost you your first born for a drink in Vegas, no surprise there. Drinks will be no less than $20!!One thing is a plus is that they will offer free water! Unlike other clubs claim to only carry tiny bottled waters for $8!!! (AHEM, Haze)Overall, a must in Vegas!
5	My fave!! The best day & night club in Vegas!! Great music & DJs!
4	Marquee is huge! A lot of space for dancing and a good amount of space outdoors as well. Great vibe and good music. I also love that they have a library on their top floor with books along the wall and a pool table.Big fan of Marquee Mondays. When I went it was the cheapest club night I'd ever had. First the guestlist got me in for free and then it was open bar for ladies. I got 5 free drinks and only spent $5 to tip.
4	The nightclubs back home in Hawaii are NOTHING compared to this. DAMN. Marquee knows how to party!My best friend and I planned a trip for Vegas for a concert and just happened to be there the same weekend Avicii was performing here. Luckily, a few of our friends knew the promoters here, so we got in for free and were one of the first few people to get into the club early to kinda explore the place. I advise you show up there around 930 or so if you don't wanna wait in crazy lines! The place started to get packed around 11&it gets worse from there (Keep in mind we were there on a saturday night).LADIES, I know the club scene is all about dress to impress, but seriously, if you're gonna wear sky high heels, I'm almost positive you'll end up hobbling around bare foot by the end of the night. The club has 3 floors; the elevators are pretty crazy because of the high volume of people going in&out of the club. Unless you're happy all night with the floor you're on, you'll probably be taking the stairs a lot. I saw a ton of girls walking around holding their heels as the night went on. At one point, my heels were giving me unbearable pain, so one of the friendly promoters mentioned that some of their bathrooms sold slippers/flip flops for $10. PURE GENIUS. THANK GOODNESS. My throbbing feet were in heaven.There are tables for bottle service basically everywhere you go on each floor. There's not too many places to sit down by the time the place gets packed... so I guess it really depends if you want your wallet or feet crying by the end of the night. Good music always playing. The main floor is always house; they have a ton of good resident DJs for you EDM lovers, (Avicii, Kaskade, Above&Beyond, ATB, Cosmic Gate, &tons more) and even line up a lot of good guest DJs as well! The floor below it is the Boom Box, always playing hip hop. &The top floor is The Library, a small room with a lounge vibe; they got a pool table, bar, book shelves, a fire place, even bottle service tables here too. They play old school stuff. Pretty chill. My friend &I made some good friends with the friendly security&promoters there! Very accommodating during our visit.  Next time we go to Vegas, we'll definitely be back........with comfy shoes.
3	Visited recently on a Monday night (5-7-2012). While we appreciated the free entry by being on the guest-list. The 3 separate lines and three different stamps/wristbands/ID checks was a bit ridiculous. We loved the DJ, the crowd seemed great, but the bouncers who seem to take their job a bit too serious as if they work for the CIA kind of make the experience a bit of a drag. The bartenders were wonderful and always had a smile on their face. Going up on an elevator and being forced to WALK down 5 flights of stairs to get out is SO not cool! They need to do better! I felt like I was walking down prison stairs! All-in-all....we enjoyed the club, but the bouncers need to lighten up. I would visit again because it seems to be hard to find clubs in Vegas that play hip hop/R&B music.
5	This is now my favorite nightclub on the strip. The music is good and many notable DJ's spins here. We had Avicci our weekend and we all know how bad ass he is. House and Trance is what's hot now and that is what Marquee offers. It's the hottest day/night club at the moment in Vegas which means beautiful people that comes with it. Marquee in the Cosmopolitan resort is a 60,000 square foot venue with three different rooms that plays different music but mainly electronic.  I strongly recommend getting a table if you have a large group. We had a group of 10 dudes and got a table right inside the entrance between the main dance floor and pool area. It was a good spot where the DJ was clearly visible and also the breeze that came in from the pool area. If you don't get a table, the wait can be hours in line depending who is spinning that night. The place is jammed pack meaning shoulder to shoulder when the DJ comes out, which is around 1am. This is where having a table comes in handy. Waiting at the bar to gets drinks during this time is almost impossible with all the shoving and drunks. The decor is very modern with a purplish theme to it. It's a perfect vibe to get your drink on and party! People here are friendly and attractive from the party goers to the employees. I had no issues at all through out the whole night and had a blast.
5	Came here a couple weekends ago for a bachelor party we came for the night club and the day club on different days.  Both got bottle service and our waitresses were awesome. Always refilling our drinks with a smile!  Had a great time here!  Cant wait to go back :)
4	For my first true clubbing experience in Las Vegas me and a coupe of friends hit up the Marquee. The club is located in the Cosmopolitan, has 3 rooms, an outdoor patio area and several bars. The main room spin electronic and more top 40's hits and has a stage for visiting acts. It has ramps which allow for entry and several bouncers controlling the flow of traffic, which is great because it can get pretty crowded. Between the main floor and the patio area if a bar and a large space to hang out and give your feet a break from all the dancing but the main hang out space is the patio which has a great view of adjacent buildings and the decor is beautiful. The boom box room is located one floor up from the main room and spins mostly hip-hop and R n' B so you can change up the feel of your night.anyway pretty good all around, just make sure to get into the main dancefloor if it gets too crowded cause the bouncers may block it off
5	Dayclub ReviewFantastic time.  I came here on a bachelor party and we all had an absolute blast.  we ended up getting two day beds right next to pool.  talk about a perfect spot.  was it expensive?  no doubt, but i can't imagine doing it any different.  the service was fantastic.  we were greeted by the host i reserved the day beds under.  the wait staff was awesome as expected when you shelling out that kind of scratch.  the crowd was great.  it filled up to capacity by 12, so get there early to lay claim to a spot if you don't do table service.  the house DJ that day was playing some great music. Marquee is a definite must, IMO.
5	Marquee, I still love you so! Library gets way too crowded so avoid it! My new love of Marquee is during the day! The dayclub is AMAZING. Wonderful slushie drinks (red bull vodka and frozen lemonade OH EM GEE). Music is good and much easier to see the dj....can't go wrong with gorgeous ladies and men walking around half naked, extra bonus that the employees are all gorgeous as well. Gogo dancers include contortionists (WOW!) What I love most though is the...FOOD FOOD FOOD!!! Everything looked drool-worthy! I couldn't resist and got the Nachos. Wooooooow....mound of tortilla chips with heaps of well marinated, juicy chicken, and melted cheese. Yummy peppers to munch on and sides of spiced sour cream and salsa. Worth the money! We split between three and couldn't finish! I'd consider going back to the dayclub just to eat lunch...
4	Marquee is probably one of my favorite clubs in Las Vegas. Mainly because clubbing here is so much more than clubbing: it's a huge production. Night club: Super popular DJ's (Avicii, Above and Beyond, Kaskade, etc), ridiculous lights, confetti cannons and disco balls. Unfortunately, the dance floor is small and gets crowded. Plus, the inside is super confusing. Mainly because my first time there I had a little too much fun at the pre-party, didn't realize the place was a circle, and basically walked in circles for 30 or so minutes before a friend stopped me. Whoops.Day club:Really really hot waitresses walking around in tiny swim suits, guys that are more than willing to buy you drinks/invite you to their table/give you free drinks (all okay in my book), and girls that like to take their swimsuit tops off, get yelled at by servers to put their swim suit tops back on, and proceed to pout and whine because they weren't allowed to take their swimsuits off.Okay the last one only happened once, but it was hi-larious to watch.Trust me, if you come to Marquee either during the day or night, you will have an amazing time people watching, dancing, and enjoying good music.Make sure to get on a list. Girls are typically free but guys have to pay, just like all clubs in Vegas. Sorry boys, Vegas is the only place where women have a one up in the world. Deal with it.
3	Marquee usually never lets me down, but this past weekend was a disaster. Not only that, the dayclub is so small. I went opening day in April when Avicii was there, and don't get me wrong, it was AMAZING, but it's just so small! It's so packed and the pool is so small for so many people there! It's a fire hazard waiting to happen!I love how the nightclub is so spacious, especially with three floors with a variety of music playing or whatever you're in the mood for. Whenever I'm in Vegas now, it's either XS or Marquee now...just waiting for something new and poppin' to open!
5	I fucks with Marquee. The line was long, my feet were hurting but once you get on that elevator...It's all worth it! The club is beautiful and the Hip Hop ROOM is POPPIN!! I love the flip flops after the night was over that the security guys handed out!! Bless you Security GUYS!!!
5	They gave out flip flops to women when you left the club! GENIUS!!!  After a night of dancing this made my gf and I VERY happy!!! (except you get creepy guys w/ feet fetishs lurking around) We were able to skip getting a cab and walked back to our hotel.We had a good time here. It was the only cover we paid our whole trip ($30) so we didn't complain too. The club is very spacious. As usual in a club the music was loud and pumping but you can escape that by enjoying the outdoor space. Unfortunately it wasn't until we were almost ready to leave that we learned there was a hip hop room on a lower level. I'd have no problem going back here and would recommend.
4	Marquee is what all clubs should be. It's not so huge that you feel lost, but not so small  as to make you feel cramped like sardines. It's easy to move around even with a massive crowd dancing. Staff is cool, and a good mix in the crowd. There are even some hilarious patrons that I wonder how they got in, but they were feeling the beat so it was all good.Best spot in up next to the DJ, with his own table and bottles, and a great view over the dance floor all the way out to the back and outdoor area. There you can really take it in and understand why the top world DJs love to play here. The setting, sound system and take on the crowd make you feel on top of the world. They have the usual circles of tier 1 tables on the dance floor, the tier 2&3 which are further back and higher up, and some private ones above the DJ and dance area that are accessible only by VIP door access. Those give you a great overview of the floor below, and of the DJ too.Best club so far...
4	Main 4th floor has a surprisingly small dancefloor and easily hits capacity with any of the big name DJs. Has incredible lighting but strobes got pretty annoying with the particular tech that night. Club has a beautiful, spacious rooftop with full-volume DJ projecting, which effectively extends the club. Rooftop cabanas feature individual hot tubs with transparent glass doors - pretty amazing. XS currently boasts a better line-up of major house DJs, but Marquee has a more intimate feel with multiple floors featuring different music. Favorite was 3rd floor, which was spinning amazing hip-hop - DJ booth is located centrally on the floor, which is super fun to dance by. Staff is professional and run a tight operation. Promoter got our bachelorette party into the club no issues.
5	OMG. I love you marquee. I had the most amazing New Years because of this damn place. All I can say is thank god I was wearing comfortable shoes because Kaskade had me groovin' all night. All I remember was dancing up against the speakers in pure bliss. Oh yeah and the crazy light shows hah! Left the club at like 6 AM and this place was still going off. Good stuff.
4	There is something for everyone at Marquee. It feels like several different clubs in one: The main nightclub, "The Library" upstairs, and "Boombox" downstairs. During the summer months they open the dance floor area of the nightclub to the pool lounge (aka Marquee Dayclub"). The pool area is a fantastic place to do bottle service in the club - definitely better than in the main area which can get a little cramped. The Library and Boombox also offer bottle service, and I have preferred both of those experiences over tables in the main club area.
5	As someone who's gone to Vegas at least 10 times, I can tell you that the hottest club in Vegas tends to change from year to year.  So, I'll preface my review by dating this review circa June 2012.That being said, Marquee is the hottest club in Vegas, and possibly the United States.  I went here for the first time last summer for a friend's bachelor party and I went back again this past weekend when I made my return to Sin City.  The club is amazing.  The huge open pool area with cabana tables surrounding it is the best day pool club in the city.  It's also a very nice place to party and gamble in the evening at the night club.  Just inside the doors from the pool area is the electronic room...and as a big fan of EDM, I can say this room is incredible.  Huge screen behind the DJ booth including a catwalk featuring go-go dancers.  Luscious tables surrounding the dancefloor and plentiful bars for alcohol.  And then lastly, downstairs from all the hoopla is the hip hop room and the music here is just as bumping as it is upstairs in the larger rooms.If you are a fan at all of night clubs, pools, music, fun, girls, guys, gambling, and life in general....you need to go to Marquee.
3	There's 2 GL lines, unisex & girls only.  For unisex, guy girl ratio MUST be even.  Some of our guys couldn't get in so they had to wait in GA to get inside.  However, the bouncers told them that they did NOT know when GA would open up.  I would think that the bouncers SHOULD know when their GA lines open up, or even have an idea of around what time it would.  You walk in and get into an elevator.  The elevator takes you up to the actual club. Drinks inside was in a glass cup & a red bull vodka was $16.  However, my friend got a red bull vodka outside, which came in a taller plastic cup & cost $24.  Strange.  The bartenders were pretty nice though and hooked my other friend up quite a bit (he ended up getting quite drunk from the hook ups).  There's a few jacuzzis and a pool outside bc of the Marquee Dayclub in the day time.  There are also some cabanas w/ tables and some poker tables outside as well. I needed a few bandaids bc i got cuts from my new heels so my friend went to go ask security for one.  I had to show the security my cuts in order to get a few bandaids.  He took me to the back area where first aid was waiting.  They took my info, put peroxide on my cuts, and gave me extra bandaids.  They were really really nice! The downside of this club is that in order to exit the club, you need to walk down six flights of stairs.  This is a balling club in a balling hotel and there's only one elevator to take you up.  I think they should invest in an escalator or another elevator or something.
5	Went here for the first time last year in May (2011). The first night we were there it was just 3 of my girlfriends and myself, we loved the different rooms that they offered and the pool patio area was gorgeous too! Later in the evening the promoters that helped to get us in had us go to the owners table for the rest of the night! It was so fun! We ended up going back the next night with some of our other friends and it was still fun, but with Kaskade performing it was completely packed! So hard to move around.. its an absolutely beautiful club though! I will definitely be back when I head to Vegas again this year for the 4th of July!!
4	This review is for the day club. We originally had a cabana for the Insomniac party on Sunday at Marquee Dayclub. However, when we arrived, we decided that we wanted a daybed so we swapped. The staff were super accommodating and made the change promptly, placing us right in front of one of the grand cabanas with an umbrella, near the stage.All in all, this was my favorite dayclub experience in Vegas, one that I wouldn't hesitate to pony up the cash for again. What made it so great? The staff. They were friendly, and super welcoming - from security on down to our amazing waitress, who waited on us hand and foot all afternoon long. The food! The food is amazing gourmet food that's a cut above what's available at other day parties around the city, and of course, you have access to the best alcohols available.- crabcake sliders: delicious, tender- guacamole: spicy and oh-so-delicious (really!) - chicken wrap: amazing- fries: perfection (although a tiny bit overdone)All in all, it was an amazing afternoon. I loved it, and I can't wait to go back again, even though I have to wait a little while for my finances to recover - but it was totally worth it.
4	Marquee is very pretty. Let's just put it that way. I give it 4 stars because:- it has an outdoor pool- there is a large outdoor area to take in fresh air and try to talk to people... try. - It attracts all the top DJ's who perform quite a lot: ATB, Kaskade, Madeon, Benny Benassi, LMFAO, to name a few. If there is a desert tour for top DJ's you'd be sure that some will definitely play at Marquee because it's the place to be. So just save the "ugh Marquee is so overrated" and go to the club if you're into that music scene. - I got in for free because my group had a contact, so that probably made up for a lot of the pain that other people complain aboutI want to complain about:- worse than usual crowd control. I was literally in a can of sardines. - smallest main dance floor ever for such amazing DJ's. WHY??? Only table service around it too. My friend and I were pushed by bouncers to keep walking even though I just wanted my few minutes of ATB. So lame. - the bathroom. As per usual... girls really suck. Anyway, everyone has to go once at some point. It's Vegas.
5	I love love love this place, its a must go and Lisa Pittman is the bomb.
5	Was staying at the Cosmopolitan and went here on a Thursday morning to start off my friend's bachelorette party.  Getting a comped grand cabana definitely aided my fun at this place.  But it didn't take long to blow through our free tab.  Drinks are crazy expensive, as they are at every pool on the strip.  Not super crowded, but it was a Thursday.  For those who haven't been, this is a really small  pool but it is very beautiful and the service was always excellent.  The grand cabanas have their own private jacuzzi (not heated because not needed), couches, a refrigerator stocked full of tons of non-alcoholic beverages (i.e, redbull, coconut water, water).  Can only imagine what the going rate is, but if your group is big enough or rich enough, it would be worth it.  Even with the set-up, I still enjoy the Boulevard Pool more.  A few free chairs, some regular folks.  What can I say?  I'm laid back like that.  And Boulevard Pool has shuffleboard!  Was kind of suprised that the only hot guys or girls were the service staff.  Kind of strange for Vegas, but again, Thursday!
4	I came here and FarEast Movement had a table herethey also performed, so we lucked outthe dance floor layouts are weirdit's super crowded in the front, then in the other side, it's dead.  Which is fine because they have a bar there tooThe music is greatI love the atmosphere hereFun crowdI always love a crowd that can party all night and not die out at 3 am like the other clubs in vegas
4	Dayclub and nightclub were great.  It is super pricey but hey it's Vegas.
1	This is review is for the dayclub....so... we came waiting in the wrong line(general admission) and never moved, waiting behind some bros.  Friend of ours whipped her friends out and asked to see how to get in and we weren't in the g-list line.  We went moved along and everything seemed fine.  Until some other bouncer asks us for names and a dress-code check.  Apparently our names weren't on the list and our friend was wearing unacceptable "gym shorts" (they were board shorts). So after waiting for an hour we went back to the hotel for a free pool-side experience. We saved about $25/guy
4	I was here for the dayclub only.  So much fun.  We got there early because we decided not to get a cabana or day bed so we wanted to find a place to hang since there were 12 of us.  We got a spot poolside between tables.  Kaskade was performing for Memorial Day Weekend.  You can imagine it was super packed but even with it having been MDW, they did a good job of keeping things moving.  Bartenders were fast and you didn't have to wait too long for drinks.  Bathroom lines went super fast.  It was a lot of fun & def worth a visit if you're in Vegas!
5	Always featuring and headlining some of the top international DJ's, Marquee never fails to give you a good night out. With multiple levels of dance floors, you can choose where to make a fool of yourself and where the debauchery begins. Upon entering Marquee Nightclub, they take you up an elevator to the top floor where the main stage is. The outdoor patio is stunning and definitely makes you feel like you're in paradise. As opposed to the other floors, I only remember going to the music box which is mainly hip hop and feels like you are literally jammed in a box. Still fun, nonetheless. The crowd is usually pretty young (20's to early 30's). Marquee has also started becoming more and more crowded as of late. Not good when you have to have that many people crawl down those flights of stairs...The drinks are always expensive as expected! Expect to pay $13-18+ tip per drink if you're getting thirsty.For Marquee Dayclub, I've always had a great time as well. It's pretty much the same except everyone is in bathing suits and you have a clearer view of who is hitting on you. For girls, they sometimes have open bar specials (Sorry boys). Day drinking at its best.Swim during the day, rage at night. Woohoo!
4	If you plan ahead (ie buying tickets way in advance), getting in here and having fun is easy. It's difficult to get the bartenders' attention but they work in overdrive. I have never seen a group of bartenders pour drinks and race as fast these guys. I nearly thought they were competing for game show status. They'll get to you in no time.Everyone here is gorgeous. If that makes you feel uncomfortable like I was, I wore some sunglasses and sat in a corner. The energy level in this place makes you really excited that you are here. It helps to have Avicii being the DJ and everyone is jumping and partying through his entire set.
2	We came here to see Kaskade. It was an awesome show until the power went out. Like what the hell?!Oh, and when we tried to pick up our tickets from will call, they demanded we have the credit card used for the purchase AND a photo ID. We had to go all the way back to the hotel to get the credit card. THEN once we got in we had to climb a ridiculous amount of stairs. That's so not cool in heels. No wonder they sell flip flops in their bathrooms. I bought an ugly flowered pair for $10. Ugh.The club was so crowded they wouldn't even allow us onto the dance floor. We had to cut through someone's bottle service area in order to find our way in.The drinks were also ridiculously expensive. But that's not unusual for Vegas.The only cool part about the night was the free foam glow sticks they generously showered the audience with. This didn't make up for anything though.
5	Stopped by Marquee for the Armin Van Buuren concert during EDC weekend and it was extremely nice. The stage area and dance floor is rather small but the light show and effects really make up for it if you can find your way out there. Overall I definitely much preferred Marquee over Tryst and Surrender.
2	REVIEW FOR DAYCLUB:Pros: -booking of great DJs-friendly bartenders, generous poursCons:-what is up with the PUNY box of a pool?-overcrowded and way too little space to walk and sit-EXTREMELY RUDE pool nazi. -expensive for the space, I would rather pay the same amount to be at Wet Republic.Would only come back if I paid an arm and leg for a daybed/cabana.
1	This place is seriously overhyped. We got bottle service and we were crammed into a little ass table even though there were 6 of us... the table fit 4 comfortably. First of all the mixers were DILUTED. gross. Secondly, our waitress VANISHED, seriously, they are understaffed. At one point they told us if we were going to the dance floor to have them put the bottles in the back. We did that, and by the time we went back to our table we could NOT find our waitress. We finally flagged her down, and she did NOT COME BACK for 45 minutes. I'm not kidding. UBER BUZZ KILL.We got so irritated by the lack of service, we kept running out of ice, mixers, and they were rarely refilled.Can I also mention that it's just insanely crowded here? Ridiculous lines to the bathroom, sloppy ass people.....When you spend so much money to get bottle service, most other clubs I've been to go above and beyond. Not here, they know you're going to come because it's the "it" place to be right now, so service is sorely compromised.Left early, sorely disappointed, and vowing never to come back.
4	Marquee!!!!!!!!Amazing customer service! and STAFF! My friend got dehydrated and somehow lost her :( and one of the security went and looked for me and asked if i was Tin.. lolAnyway they then escorted me to the back where my friend was sitting down bc she was dehydrated :(we didnt drink too much... it has just been SUPER hot! But they kindly took care of her and even offered to get us a cab... Thanks GUYS! :)Because of that I shall yelp you guys out!i love MARQUEE and will def come back again!! P.S great DJ's!P.S.S book me as a dj sometimes! haha
1	Went to the day club because the Cosmopolitan pools don't have any sun. The Marquee gets a little. Cell phone reception here sucks, so no Pandora. The pool area was only half full. Was there for an hour and never was asked for my drink order. If you are going there to drink, I would imagine this would not be your first choice. Service seemed to be typical for Vegas...poor....very poor. Staff was hyper rude about me bringing the hotel towel to their "club." What did they expect? I'm sure I'm not the only Cosmo guest to wander up there with a towel. Apparently, they did not want me to bring in a Cosmo white towel and would rather I use a Marquee white towel. Really? There is no one at your club anyway. Lol They looked at me like I was crazy when I asked them to hold onto the towel then if they didn't want me to bring it in. Like the other reviews, there are steep flights of steps to get to the club. I feel badly for girls wearing 5" heels to begin with...then the Marquee decided to torture then further. While the Cosmo was very clean usually...the sidewalk and steps by the Marquee are filthy. Inside was clean but not the steps and walkway outside it.
4	My first time going here was on Party Rock Mondays and it was the Monday after EDC ended in Vegas, so naturally they called the "official closing party to EDC."  That was definitely no joke as I felt like it was like a mini version of EDC when I went.  But I'm not into EDM or dubstep a whole lot so the majority of the time, I was in the Boom Box (all hip-hop and R&B room).  I came in with one group and left with a completely different group but it's all good because I had a lot of fun once I found the latter group.  The Main Room was packed as normal.  The girl I was with, we tried to get in but security already blocked off entrance but we caught a glance of Red Foo from LMFAO.We went outside and there was a decent amount of people in the dayclub area and we got drinks there (Drinks are not cheap!  Be prepared!).  Overall had a lot of fun, but I'll be only going when it's free for locals so Marquee Mondays it is!
3	Uhh... 3 stars.  The day club is awesome!  People are beautiful!  I get drunk.  I have fun.  (in no particular order)As far as the nightclub... NO way.  Too packed!!!!  I couldn't move!  The bouncers were a bit over the top.  We had 7 girls and 2 guys. and they didn't let the guys in.  That sucked.  Then, we saw this other group of Asian guys, 12 of them to be exact, all skip the line and got in without any problems.  They kept saying Militia something, I dunno.  They were hot though! lolAnyways, i'd pass on Marquee night club unless you have a VIP Table or can get guys to do it for you :)Cheers
4	This is my second time at Marquee for the nightclub. First time was good, and this second time around, awesome! Once inside, a promoter offered my friends and I a free table for few hours and couple of free drinks. And since the group that was suppose to occupy that table never showed up, we had the table until we left the club. It's good to have a table here especially if you want a space to dance! There was workers cleaning our table and area very often, and also a bouncer guarding our table and remembered us every time we head back after going to the other dance floor. The only "bad" thing I can think of is that it can get super duper crowded (especially top 40s down stair) to the point you can't move around. You just have to look pretty bobbing around the same spot you're standing at. The club is huge with three levels. Main level being house music, bottom being top 40s...all with live djs. There's a pool area on the main floor and pools at the very bottom floor too. All the floors were very nice and pretty. The bars are easily accesible and drinks were pretty strong and quick. Oh yes, the bathroom is also pretty spacious and equipped with perfumes, quick fix items and flip flops for sale. It's definitely the hot spot and my favorite right now.
1	A SINCERE FIRSTHAND EXPERIENCE: SHORT PG ABRIDGED VERSION OF MY REVIEW:Discrimination. You've ruined my weekend.
5	If you want a taste of the greatest place to drop the bass, it's definitely Marquee.Marquee is the best club in Vegas.  Hands down.  Without a hook it'll cost an arm and a leg to get in, and it's crackin every night... ESPECIALLY Saturday.The main floor is house and transe, and the DJs they have are crackin.  Outside the double open doors is a patio overlooking the Las Vegas strip from the glamourous Cosmopolitan Resort.  On top of that there's usually a DJ spinning there too, chicks taking advantage of photo opportunities near hot tubs and pools, and a bar.  Drinks go for about the regular $14 Vegas fare, and that's surprising because at XS they can go from $40-60.The top floor is normally surrounded by VIP folks because premium service tables are up there, and there really isn't a whole lot of room to dance.  The "library" as they like to call it also has its own bar, and in all three of my visits to Marquee, the bartender there is usually the most sociable.The middle floor, if you can find it with all the stairs features the mainstream hip hop most party people like, and through all my experiences it's always been the most packed.  When I'm feelin' it I normally head straight to the middle, and I swear it took me almost 7 minutes to do that with like no drink in hand.If there's any problem with Marquee, it's with their bouncers.  They're super strict, and sometimes they're just full of crap.  On my latest foray into the club we tried to get a bottle because there was no way we were going to get in even with the guestlist (the line was intensely long... plus it was Saturday), and they upped the costs to $1500.  I'm down to live like a baller, but with 3 people in my party we weren't about to shell out $500 each to get in.  Luckily we found girls we met at Tao who were able to make it a 4-3 guy-girl ratio.My other problem with the security involves the main dance floor itself.  I was just following some girls in, and all of a sudden he doesn't let me in through that side of the dance floor... forcing me to walk around the circumference of the floor to find another way through.  I really don't understand how or why that happened.  I get that they're doing their jobs, but that was ridiculous.But with four different places to dance, the cocktails at the bar being excellent at a normal price, and probably the most attractive party people in the city... Marquee is Vegas' marquee hot spot.
1	This is for the a-hole bartender Johnny. You make awful drinks. I asked for a strong drink and you made some weak punch. And then you're an asshole about it. Even the other bartender admitted it was weak but he couldn't do anything because he didn't make it and there are a bunch of cameras monitoring the bar.Apart from that awful experience, I had been there once before and had fun.
3	Review of the DayclubI was a little disappointed in the Marquee Dayclub. We left EBC and came here since somebody we met had a cabana here. We probably arrived a little after 3pm and the whole pool area was already shady! There was absolutely no sun anywhere. Getting in wasn't a problem since they didn't have a special dj that day. The pool was a lot smaller than I expected. I would say it's less than half the size of Wet Republic. You also can't bring your drinks in the water. They have to stay in the ledge. Wtf kind of bs is that! I bouncers had to keep on reminding us to put the drinks back. I've been to 5 other pool parties in Vegas and this is a first. On my next trip to Vegas I'm going to skip the dayclub and check out the nightclub.
4	Now Im a local, so I kinda feel like I get a better experience than tourists sometimes. Plus Im a girl, local+girl=WIN.Although Ive only been here a few times Ive gotten a pretty good feel of the club. Its def better than most out there on the strip. You MUST get there around 830-9 if youre on the guestlist!! Otherwise you could be waiting for hours! My fave day is Party Rock Mondays!! Free drinks and neon, MAJOR WIN! Free admission for ladies and free drinks, what more could you ask for? The music here is always super good and the djs are sometimes the hottest edm ones out there.They are multi level, here they have a boombox room where they play hip hop and reggaeton. The downside of that AWESOME room is its HELLA hot and crowded! LIKE HELLA HOT, NO AC FEELING HOT! Lol. They also have this other room, which I forgot the name, but its more laxed and has pool tables and is usually a lot less crowded.The downside sometimes here is that they have hella stairs and if your tipsy boom goes drunkie! To you ladies in heels, yall are crazy but I commend you for doing it, Ive seen broads walking up and down the stairs in heels all drunk and did it gracefully! Sometimes they have in the bathroom an email signup for a free drink ticket! You know I be using all 3 of my emails! LOL. I know, Im cheap! But sheet, you can come here on an open bar night and only have to tip maybe 10$ all night. Where in Vegas can you do that!?Anyway, I will continue to come here as long as I can get some free drink action! LOL.
5	Went to the nightclub on a Friday night.  I'm rating this on my experience, so to each to their own.  The line to get into the club is nuts, but very well organized and with helpful security, you know which line you should be in.  FYI for guys, if you are going to Vegas with guys only and think about not getting table service, make sure you try to team up with a group of girls that are in the same line with you.  Trust me, you'll get in the club faster, and thank the ladies with a round of shots when you get up there.  Remember, a group of girls will get into any club faster than a group of guys.  Back to the club.  The music was excellent, well I'm sure everyone reads the music was excellent, but what does that really mean?  To me, the DJ has a good flow, each song flows right into the next, so you don't lose rhythm.  If the DJ is good, and you have two left feet, you can still look decent on the dance floor.  Since it is a hot club, the dance floor is crowded and hot.  The security does a decent job of closing off the dance floor so it doesn't get overly crowded.  Had table service, the service was ok, but I have to give props to my security Sean, he was awesome and did an awesome job of keeping the riffraff out.  I'd figure the reason the service isn't that great is they already add a 20% gratuity to your tab, so since tip is already paid, the service doesn't have to be too good, nothing for them to earn.  I just stayed by our table and the main dance floor, didn't up go stairs to the library, which is a lounge area for people to chill, talk and play some pool.  Downstairs is a hip hop room, but didn't check it, so couldn't tell ya.  Just outside the main dance floor, they to have casino tables, so if you're out of luck with the ladies, you can try your luck at the tables.  The crowd was mostly Asian.  So, if that's your scene, this club might be for you.
5	NIGHTCLUB:  Oh Marquee, how I wish I could live in Vegas just to visit you once a week :) :)  Just thinking about your great music/lights/feeling/pool make me want to skip work and head out to vegas again!  We were a group of 5 girls, 1 guy (gay) and it was a Friday night.  I had put our party on the guestlist the week before online.  They didn't actually email me about the guestlist until that day, but that's alright, we got in just fine.  No fee for girls, our guy was $25, not bad.  We got there before 11pm, probably around 10pm.  Don't be late!  We got in and started dancing immediately!  It was great!  We were right in front of the DJ booth.  I got some awesome pictures too because the lights go on and off during the dancing and they're different colors, mostly red, so the red light on people's faces looks great (keep the flash off)!    One of the best parts of Marquee is the outside.  There is a little bit of seating around the planters for the girls whose feet are killing them.  The cabanas outside are really cool and people looked like they were having a great time in them :)  There's a great bar outside too that never got too crowded so you can order your drinks quickly :)    Overall it was awesome!  One of the top 2 clubs in Vegas for sure.  This one and XS!  You can't go wrong!  Next time I'll try Surrender too.  Trust the reviews!
4	Oh how I wish these existed in Chicago....Came here on a Thursday afternoon of EDC week, my group had free admission due to it being included as part of a show later that night, but cover wasn't that expensive anyway from what I understood. Once inside, you could rent a locker but didn't have to, which was helpful to store stuff. There were common areas for you to kind of leave your stuff, and since there was a big group of us we went with that option. There were cabanas for purchase, however we went the bar route.The club itself is gorgeous, great views and a nice pool to relax and party in. There was ample room for everyone and a nice sized dance floor infront of the DJ booth. The EC Twins were playing, and they were dropping a damn good mix all day. Drink prices were pretty average by Vegas standards.The crowd looks good and parties hard, and people are pretty friendly all things considered.I'm only taking one star off because the water was a little on the disgusting side, but i suppose that is to be expected when a collection of drunk people are inside it all day. Can't wait to go back!
5	Nightclub review:Let me preface this review by saying that I get pretty annoyed when I read a Yelp review that claims a place has "the best pizza in the world!" or "best burgers in the universe!". A claim like that means that out of every single place on the planet that you've sampled that type of food, this one particular place is a clear cut #1. It just seems that people throw such a claim around way too easily.With this in mind, I can say that in my limited worldview (having visited places like Hong Kong, Miami, Puerto Rico, Mexico, and of course NYC), Marquee Monday was the single best nightclub experience I've ever had - bar none. The music, the lighting, the people, the views - everything was top notch, and this is a must stop if you're in Vegas.ArrivalWe had a party of 5 dudes, so we already knew that we would have issues getting in. We decided to split ourselves into a group of 3 and a group of 2 to make it easier to pass the line. Unfortunately, apparently we can't follow directions, and we started talking to each other on line near the front. The bouncer saw us and told us that we'd have to buy a bottle. Damn it.Undeterred, we left the line, and decided to split up into two groups of 2, and I would try my luck solo. My friends went back on line in about 5 mins and they got in with no problem. I killed some time in the casino downstairs, came back, and also got on line with no problem. As an added bonus, I befriended a group of girls waiting to get in, and they let me tag along on their list so I got in with no cover. Sweet!Inside:As you get off the elevator, you can appreciate how huge the club is. There's a small bar near the elevator that you can use to replenish yourself, but most of the action is in the inside room. A semicircle with tables and couches surround a large dance floor, with a huge stage up on the front with dancers, flashing lights, and the DJ booth. The dancefloor was packed, but everyone was shaking, moving and otherwise having an awesome time. There's also a downstairs bar section with a smaller dance area, more tables/couches, and different music.Music on the main floor was mostly a mix of rap and electronic. The night we were there, Chuckie was DJing and he had a great set. The downstairs bar area was mostly straight hip hop and reggae. It was pretty good to be able to move freely between the areas and sample some of the vibe from each.Outside:Like Tao, Marquee has a really great outdoor area with more music, more bars, more girls, and a great view of the Vegas night. If you need to regroup from the pandemonium inside, it's great to just chill and have a drink outside. Overall:Marquee was probably the highlight of my last trip to Vegas. Definitely one of the best nightclubs you'll ever go to, and it's no wonder why it sits at #1 as the highest grossing club in the world. Pros: Awesome sceneHot chicksGreat mix of musicCons:Line might be hard to maneuver around if you look like you don't know what you're doing
4	Great nightclub!  Thanks for a night I don't remember ;)
4	Nightclub only-Ibiza in Vegas? Not that I would know since Spain is half way across the world, but Marquee's house & trance crowd is still going pretty strong. Great sound system and stage with lots of pretty LED lights. Only downside here is the smallish main dance floor which gets super crowded and forces security to cut off people. You can still hear the music outside in the day club area but it's not the same. If you find yourself downstairs in the hip hop room at Marquee, you're probably doing it wrong but to each their own.Haven't had bottle service here yet but one sure way to skip the lines is to hop on the presales sold through their website, guy or girl. If they aren't at capacity, there's in and outs the back way by the Boulevard Pool, where presales enter.Don't miss Kaskade when he's spinning here, or any other top 100 DJ for that matter. The clubbing crowd can be a mixed bag of like minded music lovers to super douchey bro types. However, don't let that get you down, Vegas is still learning to embrace EDM.
3	Came here on Memorial Day weekend and I had a blast.  It was my first time at this club and it wont be my last.  Very fun atmosphere!  You don't need bottle service to have a good time from what I saw and experience but it also wouldn't hurt to have a section reserved for you and your friends.
4	I am pretty sure it would get 5 stars had we not had to climb 5 flights of stairs. BUT it's worth it. The club is awesome. There is room to dance and room to breathe, and even a place to play black jack if that's what you are looking for. I definitely recommend Marquee for a Friday night. There were 6 of us that were there, and all of us agreed that it was the best club we went to. You should add it to your list :-)
5	Best Nightclub in the World!! Everytime I'm in Vegas, it's a MUST!  It's the best place to party if you like EDM.  Also if you are a female, make sure to hook up with a promoter to avoid the long line and the price! I don't understand how people say the bouncers are rude, I have NEVER had an issue getting into this club.  The main floor and the outside area is the best.  There are two other rooms, the library and the boombox room, which are cool if you like hip hop or want something other than EDM.  The EDM scene here is the best that you can get in the US, even better than Hollywood (and I'm from LA).  THe main floor is cool because you really can get super close to famous internationally renowned djs. You may even get to meet them ;).  It's the exact same with the Day Club, you get as close as 5 feet from the djs.  The pool party is classy, but fun and with good music, it really does not get any better. Beautiful people from all around the world.  Drinks are a bit pricey, but hey, you are partying in one of the best nightclubs in the world.  Don't bitch about it.
4	It's cool but I expected the #1 club in the US to blow my mind. My mind was not blown. But it's def nice. However, I wish the hip pop floor wasn't so crowded. The Library was cool and I thoroughly enjoyed the 90s music they played.
4	I went here for a private party during NAB, so my experience may vary.I had never been in a place like this before. Holy crap. It was pretty much the quintessential Vegas night club experience I would expect on TV.We took elevators to the top, which was nice. I know there were stairs on the way down, but uh...I barely remember those.The dance floor was pretty small, but the lounge areas around it (and throughout the club) are awesome. The pool area was amazing. The bartenders were incredibly friendly. DJ was great. Basically, I had a fantastic time here and I don't think I really explored the place to the fullest.
1	Wow. If you want to be treated like *garbage* by thick-necked bouncers THIS is the place to be. I was trying to get past one to join my group's table but evidently took the wrong route. Instead of saying "Sorry, you can't get thru that way, please go around that way." I was blocked, stared down and simply told "No, you need to leave" and was then promptly knocked in the gut as he turned his tank of a body around, spilling my drink all over me. I was simply shocked!! I tried to ask him how to get where I needed to be, but this *horrible* human being actually turned his entire body away from me as I tried to get his attention. Fine. Forget you. So I got around the long way and get to where I needed to be. The girl that was taking care of our table was fantastically sweet and attentive, no problems there. After splitting away from the team to bounce on the dance floor, I come back to find our table over-crowded with invaders. Before I can even squeak, there's another ox grabbing me by the arm telling me I couldn't be there and some jerk who I had never seen before sitting at *our* table encouraging the bouncer to remove me!! I asked for a manager and was simply told NO. I asked if this is how they typically treat their guests, he just stares. I fibbed and said I was staying at the hotel rather than my friends, "Is this how you treat your hotel guests?" he answers "I'm affiliated with the Bar, not the Hotel, so yeah. Don't like it? Leave."Shocked, appalled, disgusted. The Bar and Wait Staff were fine, but these VERY AGGRESSIVE bouncers have to GO before they either hurt someone our simply drive away all the customers.Go to Surrender or Drais, vastly superior evenings to be had there, WITHOUT getting pulled around like a ragdoll.
3	The hottest club right now? Eh, it's ok. Out of the whole trip, this was my least favorite club. Again we got the hookup and got to bypass the long lines on the second floor. I think we came at like 9:30pm which is so early by Vegas standards and the line was already like 70 people deep. It's cray cray. Haha. First off since we went through a special entrance, we had to take multiple sets of stairs to even get up to the club. I heard that there are usually elevators if you go through the normal entrance. Furthermore to get between the different rooms, they were also on different floors so you need to take the stairs. Stairs are tiring enough - try climbing them all night long with sky high heels. They need a better system or layout. We had also gotten there early and it wasn't quite so busy yet so we hung out outside by the pool. This was my favorite part because it so cool there and it's the rooftop so there's pretty views. The pool was off limits as far as I could tell but a couple of drunk people jumped in a little later in the night and I didn't see them reprimanded or anything. Although we pre-drank, we still had to get something at the club. They only had blended red bull vodkas, which was odd and each drink set us back $16. Ack - but expected and normal prices for Vegas. The main room is cool but it can fill up fast. They play house music there which is ok for me but can sometimes be hard to dance to. But the DJs always look like they're having fun. The whole screen behind him is like LCD/LED screens which has cool graphics showing the whole time. Lights and lasers are going every which way. It really feels like a club. I much preferred the music in hip hop room but that place is super tiny. And we spent like 15 minutes in there getting pushed and pulled and jostled before finally getting fed up with it and leaving. It's not even dancing if you're just moved by the crowd, getting more and more smushed like fish in a tin can (is that an idiom?) Stayed way past than we meant to and there was still as much people in there at 3 as there was at midnight so it's a pretty happening place to be.
1	Terrible experience. Not worth your time in vegas. The worst security staff works here. They are rude, pushy, entitled, power crazed, and actually wayyyyy too aggressively physical.  They literally elbowed my friend in the stomach when she was standing in an apparently unallowed place. Just complete, unabashed, impolite, lame DICKS..The music sucked, sound system unimpressive (not good tonal quality at all, just ridiculously loud). Screw marquee, spend your money at surrender. Much better crowd, staff, and atmosphere there.
3	I know very little about the Las Vegas clubbing scene, but Marquee broke me in decently.I bought a pre-sale ticket, showed up PRETTY EARLY in terms of Vegas time between 9-10PM and got in IMMEDIATELY. I like how there's an outdoor section and it's high up so you can see the Vegas skyline.I didn't like how there were several areas and floors and it's super easy to get lost or lose your friends. There's music inside, outside, downstairs, upstairs, what is going on? There were people everywhere too and it personally added to my semi-confusion about where people were suppose to congregate. I didn't get to thoroughly appreciate how nice it is outside with the running water and the couches and stuff since I spent a majority of my evening getting figuratively and physically beat up on the dance floor. Some girl GRABBED ME and said "HEY, ASSHOLE, THIS IS HER BACHELORETTE PARTY! DON'T BUMP INTO HER." I remember adamantly apologizing SINCE IT WAS AN ACCIDENT only to realize that girl was a massive piece of shit.Ultimately it was fun. I could live without the ass-faced security that works here and the really gross girls that need to get over themselves.
4	I've been to Marquee nightclub twice. And both times I had a good time with girlfriends. Being a group of girls we never had a problem with getting into the club or paying for cover. I enjoyed both the house and hip hop room. The downside to the club is how small the hip hop room. Its so packed in there you can't even dance. The other downside is the stairs, You have to walk up and down 5 flight of stairs just to get from one room to another. Really? What's the point of having elevators? When I wanna cool off and just get away from the packed rooms I hang out at the roof top area. (FYI drinks are much better on the roof top, and I feel like the drinks are bigger.) I think I prefer going to XS or Surrender.
5	Best night of my life thanks to Marquee! We went for my 21st birthday, and Porter Robinson happened to be playing that night which was absolutely amazing. Drinks were expensive, but the experience was so worth it!!!! Definitely would recommend over XS.
5	**Review for the Dayclub**So after partying at XS Nightclub, my boyfriend and I decided to go to Marquee Dayclub the next following day. And yes...we only had 4 hours of sleep. We went from a nightclub to a dayclub right away. Originally, we didn't have plans to go to a dayclub. But since it was summer...why not? :) My boyfriend and I got there around 10AM thinking that we were going to be late. Turns out we were one of the early ones there. Hmmmm...people recovering from their hangovers, I believe? I SAY YES! XDWater was really clean when there is only a few people. But be aware...as soon as it hits after 12PM noon time, you will see some slight changes in the pool. Yes...you know what I'm talking about. XP On top of that, Marquee Dayclub would toss out some inflatables and beach balls. Sometimes if you're lucky, you might find a rubber ducky nearby. Of course with the DJ spinning some awesome music, people will be splashing here and there. So don't complain about your hair being all wet. After all, this IS a dayclub. =POverall, I had a lot of fun!! There are lockers that they provide but rental for the whole time period is 20 dollars. Also, they serve some food at the dayclub.  I would most definitely come back here. :)
4	I'll just repeat what everyone else says.... what the hell are all those stairs about?!??! My girl almost took a header trying to get to the Boombox room, and she hadn't even been drinking! Damn new shoes and effing STAIRS.Regardless, Marquee is still an absolute dream...probably an exact replica of what I had always thought a Vegas club would be. Opulent, crowded and people everywhere you turn.... you're going to be claustraphobic, let's face it. Grab a drink and get over it. The screen in the main room will have you so mesmorized that you won't even notice the people around you until you inevitably have spilled drank all up in your heels. True story. Once you feel like you're about to have a seizure from the strobing lights, take a trip to the Boombox room, where you can get your thug life on, as I did. Never made it into the Library, but I suppose that just gives me a reason to go back, right? And considering how much fun I had and how I never stopped dancing, even when I was walking, I don't think I need a "reason" to go back... it's happening.
3	Hubs and I were staying at the hotel and heard about the Marquee. We suited up and had our I.Ds in hand to check it out.The bouncer checked our I.Ds, put on the wrist band and sent us to the elevator. There was an employee in the elevator that escorted us up to the floor. He told us to walk around and we would find the pool.  Well if you don't pay attention you will miss the stairs up to the bar and pool area. Once we reached the Marguee there is a small store front selling T-shirts and souvenirs. There is one bar, a few tables to gamble at, lounge chairs and cabanas for rent. It was a Tuesday afternoon there were probably 100 people enjoying the area. We took a seat at the bar and ordered a drink. The bartenders were nice and service was quick. Two well drinks cost around $30 plus tip. Since there is no cover I think they charge more for drinks. Cool, small spot with music but not somewhere that I could stay awhile otherwise I would go broke fast.
5	Marquee is true to its name. This is the preeminent club in Las Vegas. I'd been to Pure at Caesar's and Mix at Mandalay Bay; yet, neither of them could hold a candle to Marquee at the Cosmopolitan.The casino itself is eye candy. Walking past the stunning colored glass inside Cosmopolitan got me pumped up for what to expect at Marquee. On a Monday night around 9:30, I was there early for a private party before Industry Night kicked into full swing. A lot of Yelpers lamented about the price of drinks; hells bells, y'all, it's Vegas! What did you expect? Make a reservation for a table, order a bottle of Belvedere and just enjoy the ride! I was lucky enough to be here for a vendor event, so I never saw a tab, but can definitely say bottle service is the way to impress a lady.That being said: show up to Marquee dressed to impress. You'll want to look your finest at this leading establishment. Gazing out over the balcony at the Sunset Strip in a cocktail dress and black suede pumps I felt ever-so-posh.Around 11 p.m. the club was starting to pack out and I made my way over to the elevators. I was alone in Vegas since this was an event for work, and one of the hosts asked me why a girl like me was out at night by myself. When I explained I was in town for a conference, he gave me his card and said if I needed anything while I was in town to give him a call.I was so impressed with the gentility (dare-I-say chivalry) of this kind host that I'll go ahead and give him a shout out: you are awesome Derrick! When I left Marquee the line was almost 1,000 people deep! I was in awe of my VIP treatment and am already looking forward to going back. Hopefully next time, I can enjoy Marquee to its fullest without having to get up and go to work the next day!
5	Hands down the best club in the world. I LOOVEEE MARQUEE!I love the service, i love the music, i love everything!We didnt pay to get in, we got free drinks, we were seated by the DJ. IT WAS LEGIT! YAY for having a vajayjay!!This place was awesome! You just have to come experience it for yourself.
3	Review for the nightclub: The reason why I give this club a 3 star is the fact that the wait line to get in is horrendous. I had to wait an hour to get in and from the other reviews it seems to be the norm. The positives are that the club is multiple levels playing different music. One of the floors played my fav music dance/electronic/trance and had a rave kind of stage where the DJ was playing with an LED hypnotizing background.Drinks as usual were overpriced and all levels were pretty packed.
3	It was all ladies with me and we had to wait quite a bit to get in. It was a bit hard to find somewhere to sit, but we didn't get our things stolen, and we got wet, had fun, but the only downside was that a beer was 10 bucks, food was insanely expensive and well, everything got sooo wet. The music was typical head banging duh step... And the guys were alright, they were a bit like hounds.Water is dirty and unless you got a cabana, it's a bit rough!but the ladies look good!
3	We went on a Saturday night and it was packed. Unlike XS this place had no sprinkler things outside and in 80 degree weather plus another 10 for body heat I was sweating. Ordering drinks inside a little slow outside was a lot faster. Sucked that we had to walk up several flights of stairs to get to the main room  and did I mention we are all in heals? So it wasn't a great start. Overall I would come back but maybe get a table next time. We probably would have this time but they wanted 700 for a bottle usually its cheaper not sure what the occasion was this past weekend?
4	Very nice club! The only thing that killed the experience was the stairs, 1) I'm a fatass, 2) Stairs and heels, not a match made in heaven, hence the 4 stars.  I didn't stay too long, but I could've.  I was diggin the music in the 2 rooms I entered.  Drinks were priced at the regular high ass Vegas Strip price, nothing out of control, and the security and bartenders were all very nice! I got guest listed through a friend of a friend, ladies free, gentlemen $30 (not bad), and no line, so I can't complain.  The club wasn't too packed, just enough room to dance around like a fool.  It was a good first night in Vegas, I'd definitely do it again if I can get guest listed again.
5	Seriously, in love with Marquee day club. I wish I could live there. I have no patience to wait in long lines especially when I'm with lot of (good looking) girls. So go up to the bouncer, be nice (I have issues with that, only in vegas though, I swear its not my fault) and he will let you pass the line of around a 1000+ people..no joke. works every time..or make sure you have a hookup.So anyways, this pool party has the best looking and classiest group of people I've seen in Vegas. There's really no creepy men lurking around trying to talk to you, at least on the days I was there, thank god. It will get packed though, but I think that just makes it more fun. Great music, great drinks (cafe patron and double shot margaritas YUM) and great company. Def better than Tao beach and Bare (new topless pool party at the Mirage). Even though I love Encore day club, I would pick Marquee over it.
1	we couldn't handle smokers. it hard to breathe and have fun with  around smokers
5	I love Marquee at the Cosmopolitan! Both the day and nightclub. Whenever I'm in Vegas, Marquee night is always the best night of all... except for that one time... ANYWAYS, pretty huge venue and very elegant. I've been to two dance floors and the really pretty outdoor area. The Boombox is for you hip hopsters. A smaller dance floor compared to the main but it's pretty fun and chill. The main floor gets crazy by 11PM. Get ready to push and shove your way through while you hold onto your friends' for dear life. They play house music mostly but once a month they have Party Rock Monday. This is my favorite Monday of all Mondays. If I didn't have a 9-5 job, I'd be at Party Rock Monday every month. If you don't know, Party Rock Monday is a LMFAO hosted party. It's crazy with neon colors, zebra prints, and wigglers. "There's no party like Party Rock Monday." But on most weekend nights, they'll have a major DJ, hence their popularity. My favorite promoter Bhagya will take good care of your party. he's always dealt with all the guestlists for my party and I at ALL the clubs, not just Marquee. He's really professional. Feel free to message me if you''ll be heading to Marquee, ladies!NOTE:  They're not open on Sundays for nightclub.
3	Dear Marquee bouncers, instead of checking our IDs, how about you check your inflated egos at the door? There's nothing better I'd like to say to you that hasn't already been put perfectly by Ralphie from WTTD: "You think you're hot sh-, but you're really just cold diarrhea!"Seriously, the bouncers/security are the rudest ones I've ever encountered in all of Vegas. They go around acting like they're curing cancer or guarding Obama or something. As a result, they're condescending, smug, pushy, hostile. It's one thing to have to be stern with overly drunk patrons who are making a scene - but these guys are just d-bags by nature. Every time I've tried talking to them, I've been taken aback by the type of responses I get. My polite and friendly questions are always rebuffed; they smirk and talk down to me like I'm stupid. I half-expect them to pat me on the head and laugh in my face sometimes.They walk into the girls' restrooms on the regular. They say it's to check for drunk girls. I say it's a weird and creepy invasion of privacy.They kick out people like it's going out of style. My friend was crouching down to make a phone call so she could hear better, and they kicked her out because they insisted she was peeing in public. I swear the guards get some kind of sick satisfaction with each person they kick out.  They don't let you stand in the aisles. That makes sense, sure - but sometimes I feel like you literally aren't allowed to stop moving for more than 3 seconds before a guard pops up in your face with a flashlight, herding you along, "Can't stop here. Move it along, keep it moving." Are we sheep being herded? Are we cars on the freeway? Can I just catch my breath for a second?The stairs. Oh, the infamous Marquee stairs. Can we just have a moment of silence for the brilliant architect who designed a club (where half the patrons will be wearing short, tight fabric and high heels) with dark, winding stairs?? Insert confused Jackie Chan meme face.Sure, Marquee is a gorgeous place, really new and hip. I love the pool on the roof, and I like the idea of different music on different floors. Plus, they get really big names to DJ there, so they must be doing something right. It's a decent space, eons bigger than clubs I've been to in LA or SD (but then again, this IS Vegas, so...) The experience is just completely ruined by the people who work there. Overall, I'd go to Marquee again if I had to (maybe for the dayclub; I've never been), but I'd pick XS or Surrender over it anyday.
1	Went to the day club on June 14th. $70 buckets of beer? Not cool. At some point these vegas pool partys are just making up the prices they want to charge for drinks.
3	Here's the thing... I think if I went to Vegas more often or had been a lot of times and really wanted to try a new club, I'd be more excited by Marquee. As it is, I'm still pretty new to Vegas-I went to Marquee on my third trip and was kind of disappointed. Because it's open to the pool area (much like Surrender), it's a little miserable in July... it was 107 degrees outside when I was there, so even with blasting A/C the inside was maybe 85 degrees. Still considerably cooler, but also much too warm to make dancing on a packed dance floor enjoyable. My boyfriend and I paid $50 to go on a Monday when LMFAO (or half of LMFAO, just Redfoo) would be there, but we bailed when around 11 when we had been in line since 9, in the club since 10, and we heard that he typically doesn't show until around 1. Maybe the people we overheard didn't know what they were talking about, or based on my little experience , I get that's kind of the standard for Vegas hosts but again, maybe if I was a more seasoned Vegas visitor I would have known to hit up somewhere else first and come to Marquee later to make it more enjoyable. All that said, the music was great, the interior and pool areas were absolutely beautiful, the bouncers who bring you to the club in the elevator were super fun and high energy... I think I'd really like to try and go back with a group of girlfriends in a slightly cooler season and see if the experience is a little better.
5	I absolutely love this place! I came here for my 26th Birthday in June and had the time of my life! Gia who is the promoter here is awesome she took really good care of me and my girls and got us in with no problems. The venue is amazing here the music is great and the bartenders can hook some strong drinks up. If your comming to Vegas to party Marquee should definitly be at the top of your list!
4	We celebrated my friend's 40th bday here and had an awesome time. We had about 15 people and more kept coming as the beat goes on.   He got two tables services and the drinks kept coming.  Music was great.   We dance til the crack of dawn.  Left at 5:30AM and people were still partying strong.If you need a break, step out onto their patio, they have several gambling tables for ya.  Don't let them get you when you're buzz and drunk people!!
5	Marquee Monday. got in before midnight.- Monday? pretty much fri/sat all over again..- instant access. use the V-Card and get in less than 5 mins!- Great service. Black elevator guy pumps you up for a good night. Bouncers take pictures of you without being a bitch- Premier nightclub. the fanciest and biggest looking that i've been to.- 2 dance floors.    - main plays top hits. gives away cool glow in the dark lights when it gets really wild. extremely packed. no room to dance. just jump up and down so lots of people with no rhythm can make their way. lol. dislike high energy, techno crap...   - bungalow room was way better. hip hop. nuff said- PEOPLE AT THEIR SNOBBIEST. bc its so fancy, everyone around you acts as if they are the shit. rude. asian girl gets tapped by GF and goes off and wants to start a fight. ghetto.- GRIME TIME! guy pulls persian lady's dress all the way up exposing thong on dance floor. - unexpected affection. rather not explain..- BJ tables and expensive ass drinks to be expected.- I can only imagine how nice the dayclub is. Jacuzzi. pools. great view of PH and city center. - must go. everybody is their to impress...good and bad thing..
4	Marquee is Cosmo's XS. A little bit painful to go through with the multiple floors through stairs and elevators but nonetheless a great, fun club. This place packs a great crowd with a main dance floor that is not too big which gets insanely packed (one big room, full of bad...). There's also an outlet to the open pool area. Marquee and XS are the places to be if you can get in.
4	Purchased pre-sale tickets for $20 and didn't have to wait in line, just went right on in. It's a mission just getting to the club! Took the stairs and it was about 3-4 flights of stairs to take before actually getting to the club. Drinks $15 There are 3 levels: Boombox, Main Room & Library. Boombox plays top hip-hop and rap hits. It's really a war to get on the dance floor, but me and my cousins found a way to the back close the rail that divides the tables and dance floor. It was really fun in the beginning, everyone was dancing and we even meet some cool people. The night I went was the night that Lebron James, John Wall, Paul George, Dejuan Blair and Matt Leinart decided to come and get a table. So more and more people just flocked to the side where me and my cousins were to try and take a picture of Lebron and everyone else. It was insane how pushy everyone got just to get a picture. Honestly Lebron was so tucked away in the corner you can barely see him. And the DJ was no help telling everyone where Lebron was. Also the DJ repeated a lot of songs, he played "Don't Drop That Thun Thun Thun" about 4 times, within 3 hours! really bro?Main Room was all house music that night. The lights were flickering throughout the whole night, it was pure madness. You can barely see people because the lights are just flickering constantly. Library is at the top and is really chill. Has pool tables and limited seating. The music they were playing was mostly reggae. It was pretty fun and an amazing experience seeing the NBA players. Just didn't like the flights of stairs, it was a super workout and how the crowd became once the players entered the building.
4	This along with XS are my favorite clubs in Las Vegas. I would give this place five stars if it wasn't for the funky layout. Right when you enter you have to walk up this flight of stairs that will make you tired if you aren't moderately fit. The cool thing is that there are several floors that play different music, and a pool room that is more of a lounge area to chill. More rooms means easier to find people as long as your have reception. When this place gets crowded though, get ready to fight through people since most of the floor space is not open grounds where you can just squeeze through people. Guys...be smart and buy your pre-sale. I know, I know...you're a cool guy with LOTS of girlfriends and you get in free to clubs ALL THE TIME...stop being an idiot and just buy a pre-sale. Now you don't have to be at the whim of the females and you can pretty much just walk into the club since the pre-sale line is pretty short. Also, the tickets are cheaper.
4	For all those standing in line that Friday night I hope ya got in because it was a raging night! The nightclub dj is constantly spinning the hottest tracks! Overly crowded, but the right music and some drinks will make you dance the night away. Reading other reviews wish we could of tried out the Dayclub, but just another reason to come back to Veags.Tip: if you're a lady find a promoter to get you in so you don't have to wait in that mile long of a line. As for your gentlemens, may luck be on your side!
4	First & Foremost: Guys, sorry I have no tips for you on avoiding the horrendous line other than buy pre-sale, but ladies find a promoter and get yourself on a guest list, you'll end up avoiding all lines. This club has three levels all accessed by means of stairs, pre-warning to the ladies with their given footwear. Added tip: Ladies you can buy flip flops in the bathroom for $10 bucks . The club has elevators but they were an aggravation factor in the sense they are not available for public use til sometime after midnight per a security guards answer (though and my reasoning for taking a star I never saw them run and was there til way beyond midnight). The second accessed floor is the Main Room. By 11pm expect pure madness on this level, the crowds have arrived is an understatement. Markus Schulz was bringing the house/trance fusion to this level the night I attended. It was crazy inside with people just standing on the DANCE floor trying to watch and then the people actually dancing, hey what a concept, ha sorry sarcasm got the best of me. The interior dance floor next to the main setup is rather small so having human pillars on the floor was a whole new challenge. This floor is probably most notable for the outside area. Pools lit up, alcohol all around, music bumping, plenty of bars, gambling, and great view of the strip. The top floor, if your feet aren't already killing you, I'm telling you ladies be warned or pray to the elevator gods they are running all night, or pick up some awesome sandals  - Library room. Is extremely small very limited. I didn't stay here long enough to even pay attention to the music, though I admit I loved the theme of the room, felt like I should have been in a red robe Hugh Hefner style with a stogie. If I had to do it all over again I would most likely reserve a table and let someone else stress my drinks. But I'll save that for next time.
3	We went to the nightclub Friday night at around 1 AM. We were staying at the hotel but since it was so late we didn't get to cut the line--even though we were 4 girls-however, I think if we negotiated a little more, we could have skipped. Anyway, 2 people per room was comped YAY. the place is several levels. The outdoor patio was the best because you could hear the music of the hip hop room but enjoy the air and space of outside. The drinks are expensive and some of the bartenders do not know how to add. I will however shout out the patio bartender-she was hooking us up!All in all, we enjoyed ourselves and I would recommend Marquis.Side note: I wish the hip hop room DJ would play some reggae!
4	What I really liked about Marquee was its indoor-outdoor layout.  Hanging out by the pool and cabanas was fun for people watching, and you could still hear the music coming from the main floor.  No dancing happens outside, however.  Inside, the rooms had great music playing.  The hip hop room was completely packed, and we literally could not move at all.  So much for dancing!  I would agree with another reviewer that your best bet is to have a promoter get you on the guest list.  Even with the guest list, we had to wait in line for about 30 min. at around 10:15pm on a Saturday night.  Thankfully, we did not pay any cover.  Overall, it's a fun crowd and a good place to have a good time.
3	damnnn man. can you make the boombox room BIGGER please?! or move it into in the main room?! you can't even dance in that room it's sooo packed and it was as hot inside as it is outside. yuck!!people wanna dance to hiphop NOT trance music. the boombox room is the best room there but geez. i was there this past weekend and i couldn't even breathe in that room or even dance. we were packed in there like sardines.
1	so, this Marquee is a branch of the Marquee in NYC.  I live in NYC and have been plenty of times to the Marquee in NYC when it first opened and many times after.  Let's just say that the Vegas Marquee is terrible.  I have never seen this type of ridiculouness in my life.  As I stood there I noticed that they turned away every single person who was either african american or hispanic.  They could have been dressed amazing and looked like models but nonetheless they were turned away.  Basically, you couldn't get in unless you were white or asian. Very strange especially since this Marquee is a branch of NYC's Marquee.  The line to get in was hilarious.  People actually stood in line for 3 HOURS to get in. lol really?? Not even in NYC do you stand in line for 3 hours to get into a club.  Not even in NYC do you stand in line! lol  This Marquee has a lot to learn.  I saw a group of guys get clowned by the Marquee bouncers.  They would tell these guys who happen to be black that they were at the wrong entrance and had to go to the upstairs entrance.  When they got upstairs they were told that the line here was for people who had passes to get in - they didn't have passes.  HOWEVER, there were 2 white guys behind them that said they didn't have passes either and they were let right in.  Hmmmm....what's going on here?  I was totally disgusted by the behavior of Marquee. actually a friend called out the bouncer who said that and all of a sudden they wanted to let the african american guys get in. i guess he didn't like his character called out.  i seriously was offended with this place and am glad that we decided to leave after seeing this behavior.  i still haven't call the las vegas tourism board (if there even is such a thing) to inform them of this behavior at Marquee, but i will get around to it eventually.  they have this crap of a place all over their guides as one of the top 10 spots to go to for nightlife, but what they really need to do is put this on their top 10 spot not to go to unless you want to be offended. shame on you Marquee.  PS. letting in females with beach flip flops isn't cute either. step up your game Marquee and let people in who take the time to go out presentable and not like a bunch of slobs.
2	Honestly, with all the hype surrounding this club, I was expecting a lot more. This review is for the Marquee Nightclub.THE WAIT: Okay, the first time my friends and I tried to go here (we were staying at The Cosmopolitan, by the way), apparently (and I say apparently because I had not arrived yet)  the bouncer kicked our group out of the line because one of our tipsy friends had been drinking in line. I guess that's a policy we didn't know about but whatever. The next night we came back again and didn't have this problem.THE CLUB & DANCE FLOOR: I have to admit, I was impressed at how big Marquee is. However, all the stairs and passages made me really tired! It was more work out than dancing! Needless to say, because of Marquee's popularity, all the dance floors were packed and super hot. Ugh.THE MUSIC: Meh. I was pretty disappointed. Don't get me wrong, I love my fair share of electronic and house music, but I like a variety. The DJs just kept playing the same bleep-bleep-wom-wom sans-lyrics stuff that all the songs just started to mesh together, you know? I was dying to hear SOMETHING different, even if it's overplayed radio music. We went to all the dancefloors in Marquee and it was all the same.THE PEOPLE: Creepy and rude. I know I shouldn't generalize or anything, but this was how my experience at Marquee went down. There was a girl who grabbed me and tried to dance with my reluctant self and screamed "NOOO!" when her friends tried to drag her away. It's funny when I think back on it, but not so much when it was happening during that time. Then, when we were trying to leave one of the dance floors to go rest somewhere, this angry girl purposely splashed her entire drink on our "group train." I don't know what her problem was because all we were trying to do was get out. Because my friend and I were the first two in our train, my friend's shirt got soaked and my hair was wet with nasty alcohol.We ended up leaving at around 1 or 2AM because all of us just weren't feeling the vibe. I don't know if I would ever return to Marquee unless a celebrity DJ that I like is performing there.
2	This is a review for the nightclub. I should have listen to the girls leaving as we were going out-the place is a PASS. First off, the line to get in is ridiculous and you can't flirt your way into this one. $20 girls$30or$40 guys. The place has multiple floors but good luck taking the 3857392 stairs. This place is plainly way too crowded. Not only can you not move or dance, but you are being stepped on one second and elbowed in the face the next-people are constantly shoving and moving to get from one end of the club the the other. Horrible. I tried my best to put up with it and just smile but its honestly more than you can take. There is plenty of room outside to chat, smoke, and enjoy the Vegas skyline. Its kind of intimate outside and very beautiful. But honestly, just go elsewhere. The Cosmo is a gorgeous and sexy place with a unique ambiance about it but marquee does not live up to the same.
2	I think only drunk-twenty somethings appreciate the experience. You need to know a club promoter to get in (which SUCKS) because it's an F%&*ing DANCE club, not a White House dinner. I was with nine girls (who BTW, are all Mexican) but I have no doubt that had we "looked" Mexican we would NOT have gone in (I look Malaysian, and the other girls look Flip, Persian, and Italian). ALL drinks are $15. So, if you got in for free, count the first drink as your cover. You have to take several escalators and stairs to get there, because that's how "awesome" this place is. Once you get to the first floor, you just stand there and wait your turn to TRY to get to the dance floor, because it is SOOOO packed and then, once you get there you feel like you're slowly being suffocated by Little Tokyo, yep, I went there. 85% are Asians, the other 10% are White and then there's the rest of us. We spent most of the night standing by the guardrail, by the service door, because it was either that or stand by the elevator. If you get bored, go to the second floor. If you can, that is, because you have to take the stairwell to get to the next two floors (not a good idea if you're drunk). On the second floor, there's slightly more room, but I think you need some other VIP tickets to get on the dance floor because the bouncers were blocking it off. The last floor in the club area is a tiny "lounge." The only worthwhile place was the balcony, and even that's tiny. There are no places to sit down. I mean with so many other clubs in Las Vegas, sure, come check it out and then hightail it back to your hotel room for more drinks and go somewhere else.
4	Great dayclub, I went here with several other fellows and got considerably drunk off of some fancy drinks that was part of our bottle service. Although it sure as hell ate the money out of my wallet, this party was absolutely incredible.The pool was crazy. Girls are dancing all over the place. There are even miniature mobile islands in the middle of the pool where girls can go and dance. When the party got going and everyone was considerably drunk, there was just pure mayhem, splashing, and dancing going on. Poolside bottle service, gambling tables in the back, and several bars around the day club makes this place very accommodating and amazing if you are looking to have fun and spend money along the way. Quick note: They don't allow any bags in, so don't plan on bringing any unless you want to blow $20+ on a locker. Rick Ross - B.M.F
3	Marquee beach has all of the ingredients of a great pool party. Location (inside what is currently the hottest Hotel on the strip - The Cosmopolitan), music (nothing currently beats EDM) and entertainment (when the DJ comes on, they put on a great show). With these as a backdrop, it should be the hottest pool party in Vegas. But there are two negatives that harm this place dramatically, the first something that can be changed, the second not. I went to Marquee on a Sunday, the previous day I had spent my day at Encore Beach, watching Tiesto perform live. Because of the back to back experiences, I was able to compare them more fairly.The first difference you notice, and the most troubling, is the dramatic difference in security rules. Marquee prohibits almost everything - your attire is strictly watched, where you sit while inside the pool area and where you drink are all controlled by Marquee security. For example, there are security guards IN the pool at all times, prohibiting you from bringing your drinks to the center of the pool - you could only drink, and have a drink in hand, near the edges of the pool. Oh and, you better hope that edge isn't near a VIP spot, as then that edge is prohibited and only allowed for those guests reserving that VIP spot. The security can be rude, overly excessive, and makes for an uncomfortable experience. This wouldn't be as much of a problem if it wasn't for the small space that Marquee beach uses. For those that have been to the nightclub, the dayclub is basically the same place.  A small upper level pool area (you get there by elevator) that only has room for one medium sized pool and a few Jacuzzi like pools around that pool. It pales in comparison to the bigger pools like Rehab, Encore Beach and Wet Republic. It is no wonder that it has been difficult for Marquee Beach to maintain that tier 1 pool party status. The top 3 pool parties, depending on the day you go, still tend to be dominated by the three biggest pools: Rehab, Encore Beach and Wet Republic. If Marquee beach ever wants to permanently take a place in the top 3, it is going to have to do something about its security force. Nothing else is as in control as their security is.I hope they do, as their music taste and location make them a prime choice in the  pool party scene. It's such a pity that with so much potential, the hotel would let the security service ruin it's chances of becoming truly one of the best pool parties in Las Vegas. This is why on our next boys trip to Las Vegas we plan to do Wet Republic and Encore Beach. Marquee, mainly because of its security force, did not make the cut.
3	With regards to the day club only...I think if you accidentally swallowed a sip of the pool water you should go to the Er and ask for an std panel test. Imagine how packed a trendy Vegas club gets, and put that into an outdoor pool party. And instead of a packed dancefloor, imagine a packed pool. The venue itself is pretty amazing. 2 Huge bars a nice pool, lots of cabanas, a great rooftop view of the the city center. It's just a typical, Vegas pretentious crowd you have to deal with. I would probably love this place on a slower day.
4	I have mixed thoughts on this place. We were excited to check this place out because we heard it was the spot where everyone goes.  In that respect, it didn't disappoint.  The place was packed and fun as hell.  The beach balls flying around was awesome and made for a good time.  The pool was a little shallow, but not the end of the world.  I thought the clear tables for girls to dance on was a nice touch.What I didn't like was all of the rules.  When we got there, we were told that our friend couldn't go in because he was wearing a wife beater/tank top.  It's not like he wasn't going to just immediately take it off, so I'm not sure what the issue was.  Instead, he had to go and buy a crappy $30 shirt from the hotel just to be allowed in.  I was wearing a sleeveless shirt, but somehow that was okay.  Next, we were told that there are no bags allowed into the pool area.  We had to fork out another $20 for a locker to store our bags.  Again, that seemed kinda inconvenient.  The next thing was the "Pool Nazi" who walked around the pool telling you that you could only have your drinks outside of the pool.  Do they not realize how much piss and other bodily fluids are already in this pool?!?!?!  Is there a difference between somebody spilling some of their $10 Miller Lite and somebody pissing in the pool?  I really don't think so!  Lastly, there was a European guy there wearing a speedo.  They came up to him and made him leave the pool and buy some shorts because his swimsuit was too short.  I felt bad for the dude.  The suit wasn't that uncommon for a European guy, but I guess these folks just couldn't stand for that.All in all, I had a great time though.  I would've given this place 5 stars, but I felt that they take themselves way too seriously in respect to all of their rules/regulations.  If I could've combined Ditch Fridays @ the Palms rules with this location/atmosphere it would've been the absolute perfect time.
4	I've visited 2x in one month and still want to go back to Marquee. Both times were at night and both times were a blast. Getting in:Plan ahead. figure out your vegas hookup and utilize. I wish i could be more helpful here but we were a bachelorette party one night and i dont know how the guys we met the other night got us in (greased the door? it was past midnight?). Anyways, have a plan. We arrived by 10 and though it was a little slow inside it's worth it to come early to make the process super smooth. escorted in, and the best part was our elevator ride. The man, holding the door open was bouncing with a little head nod singing "to the back of the elevata.. to the back of the elevata" and as the doors closed he changed to "it's a party in the elevata.. party in the elevata".. then he gives us the run-down of the club and as the doors open he closes with "ya gotta dance of the elevata.. dance off the elevata".. yes you had to be there, but it's worth describing one of my favorite moments of Vegas: in a dimly lit elevator laughing and dancing  with the Marquee guy. Atmosphere:Huge. (that's what she said). We tried exploring the whole place but with all the up and down unmarked stairwells we quickly got disinterested and went back to the main floor w/ an indoor dance floor and outdoor pool-side lounge area. It's a little warm outside for my taste but my friends who get cold easily loved it so i just knocked back a few ice-cold jack and cokes and strolled around the pool w/ them. Point being: there's something for everyone here. Crowd:Crowd is what you make of it. All the girls i've met here are super fun and nice and sweet (I mean, most of them are w/ a bachelorette party and celebrating something fun so you'd hope they'd be friendly). My friends would tell you if there's a fight to be found at a club, i'll find it (no, i've never actually fought anyone. i just put my foot in my mouth a lot) anyways. no catty ladies here. Women will take photos of you w/ your friends and then tell you you look great (be sure to reciprocate!!)  Guys range. from fun and utterly charming to self-absorbed, d-bag reminders that chivalry is dead. Stating the obvious: Dancing on the designated dance floor at Vegas clubs is pointless unless you like a bumper-car version of dancing.. Drinks are not cheap. either find the guys w/ bottle service that WANT to share, or pony up at the bar and enjoy the atmosphere that comes with your beverage.Every bachelorette and her mom is here on a saturday night.great spot. great hotel. great time.
1	I visited Vegas, staying at the Cosmopolitan, on July 28th for a 21st birthday party.  I had booked a table with Amber Anderson, Customer Development Manager at Marquee Nightclub, on April 11th.  I explained that were 4 girls and would need a table.  She quoted me $1k - she stated $500 was an average table and $1k would get a better location. It was important for me to book the table well in advance given I was planning the party and wanted to ensure my guests would have a good time.I communicated with Amber several times leading up to the 28th.  My last text with her to confirm the booking was at 9:15pm on the 28th.  Her response was "see you later". We arrived for our table at 11pm.  We were told to wait in the line for the table... the people in front of us said they had been waiting 50 minutes.  I asked a Marquee employee why a table reservation still had to wait and his response was to text our host if we wanted to get in sooner.  I texted and called Amber a total of 7 times with no response.  (Additionally, someone from Marquee told her I had arrived and she made no attempt to come greet me).  After approximately 1 hr we left Marquee.  I understand this is Vegas - however, this kind of service is appalling and ridiculous.  This was an important event for me -- Marquee and Amber destroyed our evening.  In the short term Marquee will get away with the crappy service.. however, they will fail to have loyal customers once the fad passes.Finally, the Marquee experience reflects poorly on The Cosmopolitan. I booked the Cosmopolitan because of Marquee.  I will never again stay at the Cosmopolitan given their association with Marquee.
1	This review is for Marquee Dayclub only. Two Words: DON'T BOTHER!!! First off, I know this is like club industry and all, but c'mon Marquee this is still a business establishment ... have some standards. So I called to inquire about cabana/daybed prices but wanted to confirm with my BF so told them I'd call back to reserve. Well good thing, because when I called back later in that day it was hundreds of dollars cheaper than what the first girl told me. It's like a difference of a bottle! Ummm that's SHADY! When we arrived, it wasn't much hassle getting in. We were seated in a daybed area not exactly to my liking and I asked to be moved to a nearby empty one but before I could even try to tip her she said no. Apparently I have to specify that in my reservation? Ummm how the heck am I supposed to know what to ask for? This is not ticketmaster choose your own seating. Anyway, we were all having a good time. Liquor was flowing, yummy food kept coming, the pool was still fun and refreshing, and there was a good crowd. But it seemed short lived, because we got tired of it fairly quickly. It must've been a combination of packed, obnoxious, drunk people that finally got in, the hot sun beating on us, and hour after hour of just electronic/house/trance music. I know that's what's popular nowadays, but sh*t DJ, change it up a little! Cliche maybe, but what's wrong with throwing in the Cali hip hop set or even a little top 40?? It's like they know they're at the "hottest" spot already so they don't feel the need to put down their drink and actually spin. We were just burnt out and wanted to go back up to our room so I told the waitress we we ready to close out. She said she thinks I still have some money to meet the minimum so I told her we'll just order stuff to go. She came back telling me an exact dollar amount so I ordered accordingly. She came back with our food and the final tab, and goes oh btw, you were actually over, hope that's okay?? Excuse me?! You were the one that told me how much more I needed to spend only to find out I didn't need to at all?!?! It was by hundreds of dollars!! How do you get that wrong when you're ringing it all up on the register? And umm if you know that you fkd up wouldn't you run it by me first before you charge my card?? Shhaaaady!!!  At that point I was livid, but didn't want to cause a scene and stay any longer. I made a snide comment and grudgingly signed my tab.  NEVER AGAIN!
4	For the second of our friend's bachelor party we decided to go all out with the table service and everything. We got an outside table and it was amazing. Our table had an amazing view of the strip as well.It was kind of far away from the dance floor inside and I wish there was one outside as well. The main dance floor gets very packed and bouncers pretty much direct you to the sides in order to get into it. The other floors also get very packed, especially below the main floor in the hip hop room. That place is small and gets really stuffy.Our waitress Brittany was awesome. Super fun to be around, she got us all excited for night and was very helpful in getting us what we wanted. Even though I think some of us got a little 'touchy' with her when drinking too much. She was very gracious with us.I'd definitely recommend coming here. Energy is great and people are generally pretty nice.
1	Marquee,Is the spot where you can experience being pushed over and yelled by security. Go upstairs by taking the stairs if you want to go to the Library or BoomBox. See a fight in every corner and I even saw a guy getting his teeth knocked out by a drunk ass bastard. Security kicking out girls because they decide to sit down on the edge of the stairs rail. Bottle Service is a complete mess, with pricing and service. I am a local and let me tell you something, Marquee was good on their first 4-6months. Hospitality and service is the worst that I've ever experienced. When my friends come to town I tell them go anywhere besides MARQUEE! COMMON MARQUEE book more DJ's stop booking the same ones. Get out of your COMFORT ZONE! Train your freaking staff, expand your marketing team and stop digging your own grave!!!
4	To make this review a little easier, I'll break the day and night club up.Nightclub:It's not the greatest nighclub on the strip but its decent. They have a pool that looks pretty but nothing like XS. It's really hard to get a drink at the bar. The dance floor is kind of strange and hard to find a place to boogie. Not very memorable and got really uncomfortably crowded that the group just ended up bouncing.Dayclub:I'm a fan! It really helps to be on the guestlist or just know someone who can help get you in.  If not, get there EARLY because the line gets RIDICULOUS after 11AM. Luckily for my group, we've been able to get in pretty easily and avoid the long wait. There are places along the edge of the pool to park your bikini bottoms down (or trunks...or speedos...) and hang out. The pool feels amazing in the blazing heat. It's very easy to get drinks (~$10) and they open the inside of the club so you don't have to be stuck melting outside. Bartenders are sexy and super friendly. They were also selling poolside popsicles that we dipped and broke into our drinks and made vodka smoothies with.OK STORY TIME!We found a great spot to hang out (near the waterfall under the shade) and got ourselves situated, unaware of the sex show that was about to commence behind us on the cabana. Why there were some butter faced girls humping each other and purposely exposing their tatas was beyond me, but I'll bet it began with TE and ended with KILLA. But hey, maybe you'll get lucky next time and run into these girls.The end.
2	The only thing I like about Marquee Nightclub is the DJ lineup. Cats like DJs Vice & Eric Dlux create a great musical atmosphere! I also "appreciate" the Boom Box Room, but they need better DJs in there...classic guys like Chuck Chillout & DJ Jazzy Jeff who really know Hip-Hop...the "Taboo Music Genre" of Vegas, LOL!!! Overall, I love the pool area during the Dayclub. I had friends in town who got a bungalow, so it was like a party within a party! We didn't have to walk up & down all those stairs like some patrons do during the Nightclub hours to each room (Main Dance Floor Room, Boom Box Room & Library) searching for variety...it was right in our back yard! I wish everyone was economically fortunate enough to afford a bungalow experience ;-)
4	Made my return to this spot for my 4th of July Birthday weeknd and was really pleased with everything this time. Me and my friends came here on a Saturday Night this time instead of a Monday. The door man did not give us any trouble this time around although I asked him to play a little joke on my boy (denying him entry bc his ID was suspect lol) got a good laugh out of it too.. Once again there were beautiful women all around this establishment. In my opinion out of all the clubs I have been to in Vegas Marquee seems to have the prettiest women. Some were Stuck Up (As Expected) and some were Mad cool.. Got a few women that thought I was a Taye Diggs/NeYo look alike when I smile or have a cretan look in my face which I've heard before so it wasn't a real shock to me. But they were good fun to hang with and they bought me shots due to the fact I was a 4th of July baby. I also came back here bc when I came here last year the Hip-Hop Room wasn't open due to the fact we came on a Monday. This time it was open and it was DUMB crackin in there and hella packed just like the Main Room. With all the music I was accustomed to back home in the Bay Area. But yea great service, no drama, good conversations, dancing with women and good drunk birthday fun. I just wish they made the dance floors bigger tho and  that I had Bottle Service so I can feel cooler haha. And Yes once again I felt like I was in L.A, Miami, Vegas all at once, but this time I wasn't on drugs lol
4	After hearing mixed reviews about Marquee I wanted to check it out for myself. Personally, I thought it was a great club with plenty of areas to dance and get a drink without having to wait at all. Honestly, I don't remember half the night, but from what I do remember, I had an excellent time! Let's be honest here...pretty much everyone is in Vegas to have a good time so you don't have to worry about too many stuck up people or getting into any fights. So check out Marquee for yourself and dance the night away! *Drinks are usual price for a Vegas club: Average per drink is around $17+ tip. I also heard the day club was very good so that's where I'm headed the next time I'm in Vegas!!
3	This place has 3 different rooms based on music: top 40, hip hop, or house music. The hip hop room was PACKED, literally no walkway whatsoever, but the music was awesome. The top 40 room aka the library was so dead, people were standing around chatting which was kind of sad. The best place I found to dance was outside where I did not feel claustrophobic and the bars were easy to get to & they made STRONG drinks.
4	Day club: five starsNight club: three starsAverage of the two: four starsThe night club was my first experience. The lines are way too long, the club itself is way too big, and there's literally NO WHERE to sit unless you buy bottle service and a table. And leaving at the end of the night?? Horrendous. It's a maze inside.The day club on the other hand is SO much fun. We bought a daybed, and it comes with a line of credit--we had $750 to spend on all we wanted for food and drinks. It goes FAR. All while being able to have a place to set your stuff, next to the pool, in front of the DJ who was awesome. It was really a GREAT time. So much better than at night.
3	There's 2 different ways to get in. One, is inside the hotel itself, and the other is outside by the pool. They seemed to be very unorganized, and idk their security really pissed me off. We were waiting in the GL line, which was no point, because we still had to wait a bitchin' long time, and because the main girl who held our name wasn't there yet (and all of our names were), they wouldn't let us in -____- So we had to get out of line and then we went to the 4.5th floor (wtf?) and waited in line there. That line went a lot smoother actually. I think there's about 4 main floors. 1 smalllll hip hop room, and the rest are basically techno shiz. The main room I heard was crazy. There is constantly confetti falling. I was pretty fucccked up the whole night, so I only went to 2 rooms -__- I thought it was OKAY. Drinks are strong, and honestly don't know how much they were. A friend bought em for me. Also..in the bathroom, my zipper broke and made my dress pretty much open all the way down my back. The ladies who hand out paper towels in the bathroom=LIFE SAVERS! She was like, "Hold on mami I'ma put safety pins in your dress okay mami, hold on." I had a total of 6 safety pins in the back of my dress to hold it together.Thank you mami!!!
4	So my husband and I always run into the most random circumstances and we met some cool people outside this club, shared a bottle of jager, and then got invited to their VIP cabana next to the pool. The club honestly wasn't amazing, it was over packed, lots of bumping into people. Nonetheless the music was good, dj vice was spinning and there are 3 rooms with different types of music in each. For guys I didn't see as many gorgeous girls as I have in other clubs not to hate but the level of quality women was a little low...lol. But we had belvedere and plenty of mixers and tons of really nice people to chill with. Shout out to the sweet girl from mo val I met in the bathroom who has a little girl too! When we did go to the bar when the bottles ran out the bartender was super sweet and a well shot of vodka to pour into our juice cup was $12, so typical Vegas pricing. Good overall vibe here.
3	Crazy lines, but good thing we have VIP passes to skip the madness.Every floor was crowded to dance and there were absolutely no seats to sit! How can a girl in heels survive?Great music though.
4	The girlfriend and I are not avid clubgoers.  However, we love the Cosmopolitan and we'd heard good things about Marquee.  We had a pair of VIP passes to get into Marquee on the Monday night that we were in town, so in the interest of science and the spirit of adventure, we decided to check it out.  The cover charge is $20 per head on Monday nights.  I can't say with any certainty, but probably most of the people in the club on this particular night didn't pay this price.  The front of house staff and security were all business, but professional.  Of course, we were there relatively early in evening so, perhaps, the buffoonery doesn't start until later in the night/morning.   The club is a large, sprawling, multi-floored mecca of thumping beats and bodies in motion.  Each of the floors has a different theme/vibe with hip-hop downstairs, a chill library/billiard room upstairs, the main room/dance floor with the dj and gyrating go-go dancers, and a beautiful pool area with private cabanas and a more relaxed feel.  From an aesthetic perspective, Marquee Nightclub looked classy and pretty damn impressive!  From an aural perspective, Marquee sounded and felt impressive as you could feel the driving bass give you a sonic beat down!  Drinks, as to be expected, weren't cheap.  My gin & tonic was a steep $15, but to her credit, the bartender made it stiff one.  Marquee also has blackjack tables on near the pool area with comped drinks, made with the same strong pours, for players.  As luck would have it, a nice little run at the tables made for a very cheap night out at Marquee.  Marquee does what it does very well.  I can't speak to what the place is like on the weekends, but I think I definitely prefer the Monday night scene, which seemed more geared to the locals than how I imagine the weekend would be when it's overrun by out of towners.  In truth, Marquee is exactly how I pictured a Vegas nightclub should be.
3	Nightclub review. Dark, thumping electro, expensive drinks....everything one would expect from Vegas. Sucks that in this day and age 8 girls could not get in for free.  Also a lot of seemingly endless walking, as there are two entrances and I guess multiple floors.  By "I guess" I mean "I'm too buzzed from pregaming in the hotel room and fist pumping with a styrofoam glow stick to figure out if there were multiple floors because I stayed on one."
5	I love this place, came here on a friday night, and i was amazed by the music they had. So many different dance floors with different types of music. Three balconies for a smoke break or a breather. We were staying at the Cosmo so we were able to get into the club for free, which i believe is a major PERK. So many stairs, which isnt a problem if you're a guy, but if you're a girl in 6in heels it is NOT FUN (especially intoxicated) So ladies, make sure you wear comfy shoes, take pictures in your cute uncomfortable heels at the hotel room or something and change into your comfy heels before entering the club. Your feet will love you. Definitely one of the best clubs in Vegas.
3	This place is getting too hyped up and it is much too small for the amount of people they bring in each Friday and Saturday. There's a total of three floors to the Marquee night club: top floor - private tables and lounge area (looks like a library), middle floor - main floor that plays mostly house and EDM music, and the bottom floor - hip hop music. If you're on the main dance floor, there are three bars located on the inside and a stage set up with LED lights. Though I do like the DJ's that they host here, the layout of the dance floor is just not people friendly. The dance floor is very small and is surrounded by booths and tables which makes getting in and out a pain. The bouncers also close out the dance floor when it gets too crowded which leaves you to herd like cows to either the bar area or outside. Outside has two-three bars and has card tables for gambling if you want to sit around and chill. However, the minimum bet is usually ~$50 which is a little too steep for my blood. As a dayclub, I feel like Marquee is very small. There are two small rectangular pools, one that is only about 5-12" deep in which you can reserve cabana style seating and sit right in the center of the pool. Cute waterfall decor on that pool. The main pool goes up to about 3.5-4 feet deep, which is fine for a Day Club but beware of getting into Vegas Day club pools. o.O FRIENDLY TIP: This place has suddenly had an surge of theft activity, a group of my friends went to Marquee and had all their ID's stolen (not sure why ID's but ALL of them) and on a separate occasion, I recently went and my friend and I had our iPhones stolen right out of our purses. One of my friends found her purse unzipped and she was certain she zipped it 30 minutes before. If you decide to go here, please leave your valuables at the hotel - all you need is ID and cash (steer away from bringing phones and credit cards if you can).  Just makes me sad thinking there are people out there doing that regularly. :[
3	This was our ( my boyfriend and I) first time in Vegas. Of course we wanted to go out and have a good time but we did not know what the hot spots were or where they were or how exactly anything worked over there. The only club I had actually heard of and an apparent "must go" was TAO, but for some reason I didn't feel like checking it out that night. So indecisive of where to go , I turn on the tv in our room and there's a commercial on Marquee. So we decide to go there just because that was what came on tv and we had never heard of it before. We didn't even know where the Cosmopolitan was since we had been in Vegas for only a few hours! We get a cab and 20 freaking dollars later we arrive! (note to self: don't take cabs in Vegas, they make a 5 minute ride, 20 mins!) We arrive at the Cosmopolitan and it's absolutely beautiful inside! We go up the escalators to get in line and to our surprise the line only has about 20 people in it! Weird thing was we didn't hear any music. Even though the line was short, it was standing still. So 30 mins later, the gorilla at the door starts letting people in and when we get to the line he stares at us up and down for like 5 seconds before saying "alright go ahead have a good time". Wtf so if he didn't like our clothes we wouldn't get in? Pheeww good thing my bf was wearing a suit and I looked pretty darn nice if I do say so myself!! Lol. Anyway....now I know why I couldn't hear music! Cuz u have to take an elevator to get to the actual club! Once off the elevator (ok now u hear the music bumping) you have 3 choices: straight, left or right. We went straight...WOAH!! Crowded, loud, alcohol everywhere...this is Vegas! By this point I lost my bf like 2 times already. Once I find him waaaay back there, we walk to the very back and ohhhh how nice: a pool area. We grab a drink, pay $32 for them, i go into shock cuz that's ridiculous for 2 drinks, and now out of shock we head downstairs and we hear hip hop (yay). Find a spot where we can actually stand (crazy packed!!) and we dance the night away. at one point I couldn't stand my feet anymore so I took off my shoes outside the dance room and a security very nicely said " sweety you can't have your shoes off here, sorry" so I put them back just because he said it with a nice smile ;) We didn't have a bad experience with anything there, fun times. I took away 2 stars because the bartender automatically tipped herself 2 times and the other because I can only take so much house music before wanting to leave! Hip hop room was fun but too small !
4	First I'll have to say that XS at Encore has always been my favorite club in the world but there has been so much hype about Marquee that I was dying to go check it out.  So a girlfriend and I went on a Saturday night at around 12:30, trying our luck to get in.   We didn't know anybody and we had no guest list.  Needless to say the club was packed with people inside and out when we got there.  We went straight to the general admission line without talking to anybody and started lining up.  The line was huge and we were a bit worried about not being able to get in but then it was actually moving so it wasn't so bad.  Although there's actually a bouncer at the end of the general admission line as well checking you out before you're even allowed to line up.  We saw a group of guys got rejected trying to get in line.So we were just lining up, minding our own business and then something interesting happened.  A bouncer came up to us and asked us how many people are in our party, while we were still in the MIDDLE of the line.  We told him there's just the two of us, and then the guy turned around and started texting on his iPhone and 5 minutes later, the came up to us again and told us that he has a client with a main booth by the dance floor, right by the DJ booth and is wondering if we'd like to join them.  He said he'll personally walk us in and take care of everything for us.  This came as a total surprise but we thought "Hey, once we're in, we're in.  If they happen to be creeps then we'll just go to the bathroom and not come back."  So we accepted the proposition.Having no idea what to expect, the velvet rope was lifted and then the bouncer took us right through the crowd into the club elevator and off we go into the main floor.  He took us to the booth and to our surprise it was a nice group of very friendly guys and girls. One of the girls was very nice and she came right up to us and introduced herself and told us that it's her brother's birthday and would like him to have a good time so she asked the bouncer to bring over something pretty girls (aww... thanks!).  So we hung out, have a few drinks, danced, talked... and then it was time to say goodbye.  It was our first time at the club so we'd really want to explore and walk around.  The club was jammed packed with people.  The main dance floor was impossible to get in, and the pool area is beautiful but the pool water looked very murky that night it was kind of gross.  We got ourselves a glass of champagne ($15) and walked around and there were plenty of friendly (drunk) guys asking us to join them at their booths.  There are people dancing everywhere, the energy was great.  We had fun and we headed home.Marquee is a great club with good energy and a good mixed crowd.  Lots of Asians, myself included, but also quite a bit of Europeans and good ol' Americans.  It's a great club to go crazy, or just to chill and people watch, but set your expectations right - you'll probably have to go through a bit of stress getting in, and there'll probably be a steep cover charge and drinks are starting at $15.Overall, I'm still going to give my love to XS, my all time favorite.  However if I'm spending a weekend in Vegas and I'm spending a couple nights at a club, Marquee is now added to my "must do" list, just under XS =)
3	This club is overhyped! Out of all the clubs I've gone to this one was the worst experience! Me and my girl waited in line for more than an hour even after we were on the Guestlist. She missed out on the open bar because by the time we got in it was too late. After a while of partying my girl had trouble walking the flights of stairs with her high heels. She slightly collapsed on me and hurt her ankle somewhat. Then later with the same foot she tripped on someone and the security that was around instead of helping her out he escorted her out of the club treating her as though she was drunk. He gave her an "X" on her hand as a sign she was kicked out the club and took us outside the casino. It was an embarrassing experience for my girl because she was not drunk at all. She ended up crying on my shoulder because of the injustice. The club is gorgeous and has beautiful people in there, but the staff working the door and security are worthless. There is much potential in this club to be on my great side, but the idiots that work there give it a sour taste.
3	Finally got to check out Marquee this last weekend and I must say I still like XS more. Got in for free a little before 11pm on a Friday night. However, the bouncer said we needed to go upstairs and we ended up taking like ten flight of stairs in high heels and in our skirts!! Omg it was so painful!!! On top of that while leaving the club, we had to take the stairs down again!!!!! The club is nice but nothing compared to XS. If you ladies don't mind climbing the stairs in your high heels and in a short skirt then it's definitely worth checking out.
4	We went to the nightclub. Staff here was really nice. Compared to most vegas clubs, this place was pretty awesome. The music was good, the drinks were strong, and the crowd wasnt bad at all. The only thing I did not like is that you have to take elevators to get into the club and I dont know if it was because I had been drinking etc but I felt like it would be difficult to leave in a hurry or in an emergency. But thats just me not liking inaccessible crowded spaces.I cant stand this hotel but this club is definitely worth a visit.
4	I hate clubs. I don't dance, and I don't know any of the DJs here, or anywhere, for that matter. But, I thought this place was pretty damn good. The music was fantastic, and I can see why people like it there. Even if you're not into the music inside, the lounge area outside (yes, it's hot in the evening as well) is pretty good.The staff we encountered were all extremely friendly and helpful, even the elevator attendants.Though the group I was with didn't have any problems, it looked like it might be a bit of a pain to get into this place. It's obviously popular, but the wait looked pretty bad sometimes. Well worth it though once you do get in.
5	Hot waitresses, great scene, great layout, and the best Lobster Club Sandwich ever! a definite must try!!!
4	[This review is for the nightclub.]  Marquee Nightclub is hyped as the current 'it' club in Vegas, and for the most part, if you're willing to get through some of the pretty annoying parts of it, it lives up to it's title.  A couple nice things about the club include three different floors with different music playing on each, a pretty big outdoor patio area with a casino, and a relatively excited crowd there to celebrate.  The sets themselves are pretty extravagant too and dancing there with gogo dancers dressed in different garb, confetti, mist, and glowing tube sticks all add up to a pretty unique experience that I've never had until Marquee.  A couple things to note - there is an elevator (two?) that will help take you up and down the floors.  However, with how packed the club usually is on weekends, it's best to take the stairs on the side to go up and down so do expect some climbing.  Speaking of the crowd, with an excited crowd comes popularity and with popularity comes overcrowded areas.  If you want to really dance, try to get to the dance floor as early as possible.  Bouncers start to block off people from entering the main dance areas when it's deemed 'overcrowded' and will randomly let people in at times when they feel it's right so be like a hawk and try to aim at the right moment.  As always with these popular clubs, getting on the guestlist is a 'must' for a Saturday night along with getting to the club early (even getting there around 10:30PM will probably force you to wait for about an hour).  Don't expect to get in anytime soon if you arrive late and aren't on some list.  (I'd mention expensive drink prices but really, that shouldn't be much of a surprise.)  So again, if you love some spectacle DJ sets, a choice in music floors, and a great crowd beside you and you're willing to put up with some annoying parts, Marquee is a great nightclub.
2	Kaskade 8/18/12.  As far as the layout, light show, dancers, performances, etc, Marquee definitely is an extremely solid 4.5.  The costumed dancers and the light show, man..what a great combo.  However in terms of managing the club itself, I had to bring it down to a 2.   To say you felt like a sardine in a can is an understatement.  You had girls crying, people throwing up because of the lack of air, literally being unable to move 10ft, etc.  Can't help but laugh about it , what a shit-show!Holding true to someone else's review, The biggest thing I would advise to everybody is to get a table.  Especially when the venue has a big DJ or other performer, Marquee Nightclub is best enjoyed when you have a table booked and have deep pockets to unload some cash.  You will be so happy with that decision as you see other people suffering the above mentioned.  Worth the money in exchange for the feelings of euphoria you'll get when those steam cannons, lights, glitz and glam start hitting you from all directions.  If on the other hand, you do not have deep pockets and still want to see that huge EDM dj at Marquee, get there early and stake your space on the dance floor.  But be prepared to camp there because if you leave that space to get a drink, you're not getting back.  To be clear, I'm not upset with the experience because it did demonstrate the superiority of XS and solidifying the decision to stay at the Encore moving forward. My final thoughts:GUYS - Shell out the extra $$$ and get yourself a table by the floor, you will have a great time for sure.    Ladies - Get yourselves to a table
4	Prepare for a fun crazy night and if you are going with a bunch of people, make sure that they have their phones on because there are several levels to this place and it's easy to get separated. BEST NIGHTS TO GO: Monday, Friday & Saturday. You have more celebrity hosts & performances on these nights. Monday nights is a better mix of tourist and locals. Me and the girls had such a blast here when we went on a Monday night.LOCATION: 2nd Floor of the Cosmopolitan HotelLINE:  Opens 10:30pm. General Admission tends to be the right line and table check ins on the left. Don't hesitate to ask someone that works there to make sure you are on the right line. WAIT TIMES: 45min-3 hours (Fri, Sat & Mondays) Quicker on Sundays. Best time to arrive by 10pm to avoid a long wait that can kill your buzz fast. DRESS CODE: Play it safe, don't wear any sportswear. Wear nicer shoes gentleman and come in wearing a collared shirt/ or sport coat.DRINKS: Mixed Drinks Start $15, Beers $8, Shots $8 Table Service Bottles starts at $475. Lots of bars/areas to get your shots going.TABLES: Most people i've talked to prefer mostly booking a table in the main room where most celebrity dj's play at. The library is more intimate, has pool table and the Boombox below has different music/vibe. I enjoy the Main Room the most every time i've been there. ENTRY: $30-$50 (Women $20)**If you buy pre sale tickets, ticket holders will not go in through the General Admission lines but ticket holders will enter through a separate entrance which is usually much faster. For bigger events this is usually prefferable than the later.Sign up for guest list here:http://www.marqueelasvegas.com/guest-list/Pre-sale tickets here:http://www.marqueelasvegas.com/events/*Had the most fun the last time I was there taking out my Japanese exchange students. lol! They were really impressed with the place. We ended up getting a wristband from someone that allowed us free drinks until midnight, and getting fun freebies getting thrown to the crowd in the main room while confetti was flying everywhere. haha! I minus 1star  because of the layout & lots of stairs that tired feet in high heeled shoes can't take. lol
5	update just for my amazing night with KASKADE!!! so my last review, I only reviewed the day club, but here's my night club review:THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!! I LOVE MARQUEE!! This past weekend, I saw my love, Ryan Raddon, better known as KASKADE, and it was AMAZING/WONDERFUL/SPECTACULAR/PURE HAPPINESS. Honestly, sooooo many people told us we wouldn't be able to get in without pre-sale tickets, but you know what? WE DID! SO THERE! Anyways....this place is always a good time. Venue: There are THREE floors: top floor - chill bar/library (nice place to chill and have drinks), middle floor - house dancefloor + pool cabana area, this is where all the dj's play and where most of the tables are. They have multiple dancefloors on this one floor, the pit, the dancefloor near the bar, and one more outside where the dayclub is. It's pretty spacious but it gets really crowded, especially if someone is playing that night. so be warned: IF A DJ IS PLAYING, THEY WILL CLOSE THE PIT AND YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO GET IN, bottom floor: hip-hop room aka the Boom Boom Room, if you wanna get down to some hip-hop, this is your place. It's always a good timeCrowd: seriously, it's so diverse. This weekend, I saw people my age (early 20's), people in their late to early 30's, and even a couple of guys that my friends and I swore looked like they were in their 60's. I mean these guys were wearing bowling shirts and had white hair...not that I'm hating.... KASKADE: yah i know he's not always there, but I had to add this anyways. He came on at around 1 and played until like 4/5. HE WAS AMAZING! HE KILLED IT and HIS SET WAS BOMBBBBB. Played all of my favorites and even snuck in the new SHM song into the set which seriously made me love him even more. Then, when the beat dropped, down came SNOW(basically soup bubbles), BUBBLES, & CONFETTI!!! it was crazzyyyyy!!! He seriously killed it saturday night. I'm just happy thinking about it. Anyways, I seriously love this club. I've always had a good time and I've seen sooooo many people/ DJ's here, I couldn't hate this club if I tried. The only bad part is that it gets SOOOOO CROWDED and crowded = HOT HOT HOT & STUFFY STUFFY STUFFY! Luckily, when the DJ's go on and the beat drops, they blow this nice cold air on you...IT'S AMAZING.
4	Came here to see Kaskade on opening night, and as expected, it was cray. The show (for the parts we could stand to be in there) was way worth it - over the top and very Vegas. Also enjoyed the Boom Box for their old school hip hop jams and NBA players.
5	I finally got to live the experience that is Marquee and I must say that it is nothing short of breath-taking. I purchased presale tickets for Kaskade on August 18th and I paid $80 for them. Two weeks before the event they were as low as $60 online, so if your Vegas trip is planned, you would do yourself a favor to buy tickets. General admission was $100 and that is likely the case every Saturday night. If you are in general admission line after 9:30 pm, good luck. In my experience, about 20-$40 per person will get you past the line in Vegas. Just put it in their hand, nothing unusual about it. I really have no idea how much would be safe bet to grease with at Marquee. The horror stories about the prices of drinks in Vegas are infamous. I tipped our bartender $5 or more on the first 2 rounds of drinks and from that point on, he hooked us up with both very strong drinks and 2 rounds on him. This was my experience on Saturday night and on Monday night as well. Take care of them and they will do the same. As someone who absolutely loves clubbing, there is nothing more amazing than seeing a jam-packed dancefloor at 10 PM. It sucks if you would like to dance and go back to the bar for more drinks, however I cannot be mad. Everybody wants the experience that is Marquee. If you would love to experience the floor on a Saturday night, good luck after 11 pm. I don't recall the floor ever being closed on Monday, however it was still really crowded.If I could take a half of star off my review, it would definitely be the attitude of the bouncers. I firmly believe it it is intentional and by design because the Cosmopolitan staff could not be more polite but you would be hard pressed to find a friendly bouncer. Even if you are polite as can be, when you speak to them, they respond bland. I got thrown out of the club at some point during Kaskade's set and In their defense, I could have been doing something really stupid that I really do not remember. On Monday night, the bartender said to me that I couldn't have done anything too rude and that mostly people get thrown out for acting drunk. I realize they most likely want to get as many people as possible into the venue and throwing people out for minor drunk acts, is their excuse. That is unfortunate.Aside from that, I had an incredible time at the venue both nights. The outside area is incredibly beautiful and the view as well. I never made it to either the hip-hop room or the third floor because house is my thing. I love the little boutique shop as well and $40 for the t-shirt I bought is not too outrageous. There of course has to be blackjack tables but why not sit down at a $10 table in in a club, it is Vegas. I have gotten a bit bored with many of the other venues in the town, however I would book a 3 day trip, just to visit Marquee all 3 nights. If you love nightlife, it is the one place you MUST MUST MUST visit.
2	The Marquee is a complete and utter cluster-fuck. Like a big beautiful disaster where all rational goes out the window. *Nightclub*Instead of a logical system for entering the club (with signs or helpful personnel), there's a ridiculous swarm of people kinda sectioned off in twisting lines. We had to approach 3 different doormen  just to find the correct line. We opted to buy the All Access Weekend pass and that did seem to help by cutting the entry process down to about 10 minutes total.Now I'm a little torn on the rest of our experience because there were some genuinely enjoyable aspects.*The club is actually really beautiful. *The views are fabulous*The music was was legitimately good and exactly what you would expect it to be for a Vegas clubUnfortunately all of the good stuff was nearly canceled out by:* The ridiculous herding system they have in place with staff constantly directing you with flashlights in big circles. They make it near impossible to just find a spot to hangout out in. If you want to sit, you're gonna have to pay for it.*The dance floor is ridiculous. Well, the entire place is pretty ridiculous, but especially the dance floor. I'd read the reviews before hand so I expected it, but it was beyond what  I had imagined. You're literally packed into the most uncomfortable mass of people. As hard as you try, you just can't seem to enjoy yourself. **Dayclub***Basically the same as above. However, I found the Dayclub far more enjoyable. The people watching was pretty fantastic. Nearly everyone was good looking, half naked and either drunk or well on their way there. Whats not to love?!My friend and I found a nice little spot to sit right by the pool which was filled to about capacity. This was EASILY the murkiest water I have ever seen in my life with about 1 foot visibility. I saw a woman drop her sunglasses in the water at one point and as she dove down to grab them was warned "Don't open your eyes! You might end up pregnant!"Kinda skanky yet fun!  This is, after all, what you come to Vegas expecting.
3	Went here for the day pool party and the night club. The pool party was fun. Great for people watching and it was no surprise that it was packed. Music was good and if you decided to go in the middle of the pool and stand on top of the clear cube, let it be warned that you will get splashed at. I actually liked the day pool, too bad admission was $20 for females and that was us hussling. The line was ubber long and dont forget to show up in pool gear or they wont let you in. Also, no outside drinks in either, they check your bags for that.Now...for the night club, I personally didnt care for this place. It was way too packed and the line was insanely long. Longer than the day pool party. Actually too long that it was discouraging to wait. Once inside, I didnt think it was all that. It was actually small and crapped and no surprise the club opened up to the day pool area where I was just at earlier in the day, hahaha. You could barely move and or get around. Bouncers were not too kind even to us group of girls. Good thing we didnt have to pay to get in, but luckily we had pulled some strings for that. I would go here fo rthe day club but not the night club. This place is over rated.
5	Day Club at Marquee on Sundays are THE BEST! Love the music, the crowd, and weather.  Went there on this weekend August 19 to see Pendulum set & 12th planet.  Music was amazing! Really good talents spinning on Sunday and tickets are not that expensive. Definitely the best day pool party in LAS VEGAS, hands down.
5	Simply amazing. This is one of the places that makes Vegas wonderful.
1	Long gone are the days of UtopiaI've checked out this nightclub on two occasions. The same DJ both times. Crowded, hot, rude people. Cheap thrills with the bubbles and confetti. Bouncers try to do their job but most of them come off as over the top aholes, themselves trampling over patrons. If you want to  pay to have your body roughed up, sweat on, spilled on, and be treated like cattle being steered to the slaughter house, this is your place. Even if you pay a ridiculous amount for VIP treatment (getting to sit at a booth $1500-$3000 and purchase a $25 bottle for $400) you are bound to be sardine packed next  to enough dbags to last a lifetime. Gone are the days of clubbers being happy, polite, and all with the same great energy. Forget about being able to sit, relax, and cool down when you have danced it up on a spacious well-designed dance floor without being smashed and squeezed to the point of suffocation. The stairwell walk is grueling in heels and then not having a cool place to rest inside the facility? Incredibly inconsiderate of the designers. Its hard to enjoy good music, lighting , and dance when there are so many negative distractions around. I recommend XS if you are going for this kind of entertainment. More space, very few steps,  and better attitudes from the staff.
3	A bit generous on the ratings, only because I know that there is much more room for potential that I didn't experience.This club is the opposite of spaciousness. I mean it's standard, when you consider the amount of attention and people that this club receives. But they really need to fix something about the occupancy in comparison to square feet.This club is about 3 or 4 stories, with each floor being somewhat limited. There's normally a hip hop floor, outdoor floor, and a main floor(which primarily plays EDM).The line can get ridiculously long. So I suggest an early arrival and to get a stamp so you can go in and out. Guys are normally $50 - $80 depending on the performing DJ.   I also suggest that you buy a ticket so that you can cut the majority of the line and so that you can pay in advanced and reserve a small spot for yourself in the club. During the night I came, it seemed as if the guy to girl ratio in the club was about 5:1 if not, even more. And there were so many creepy old guys there, trying to pick up young and fresh girls. Sad to see....One thing I'll truly rave about Marquee is the professional security. This is a component that I HARDLY approve of but wow Marquee's security was nice, at least to me. Despite even making us wait extra periods of time, they courteously apologized to my group for the long delay and that they will accommodate us as efficiently as possible. And even inside the club, they were nice. Normally, they only allow girls into the main dance floor(when it gets packed) but when I asked if I can go in, they let me! Wow! Even when I have a penis, they let me in! Talk about feeling special and proof that Vegas may not be all that sexist. I hope the douchebag security guards at Surrender reads this and learns something from it. Overall, a decent experience. For once, there was professional security that treated me like a human rather than a farm animal and that really made me believe that not all security are assholes(nor hate me). Not enough spaciousness and major improvement needed in gender ratio.
5	I got a free drink and free entrance by signing up on the guest list :) The different rooms are inside and are air conditioned, THANK GOD! The boombox room is where my friend and I spent almost all night/morning. They were playing a mix of old and new hip hop songs which we were able to dance to. The employees walking around occasionally were pretty good about picking up the empty cups found on the floor. There was also girls walking around selling shots which was great for when you are too busy dancing to go all the way to the bar.  I will definitely be coming back here next time I visit Vegas :)
2	Not impressed with the Marquee Nightclub.  A group of us were all excited to see Kaskade and have a great night out.  We paid $60 a ticket expecting to see a great show.  And Kaskade did an amazing job.  So everything would have been great if we could have seen him.  Instead, they overbooked the club big time.  They pack you in like sardines.  They had the doors open to outside where it's over 100 degrees out.  Getting close to the stage is next to impossible.  At one point we were dangerously packed in and my girlfriend was starting to get very claustrophobic.  We couldn't move at all.  And then one of the Marquee bouncers came barreling through, literally shoving people out of his way to make room for others.  My girlfriend was almost knocked down to the floor, where she could have been trampled.  We finally, made it out of that pack and off to the side when Kaskade went on.  Of course we couldn't see him from that angle, but at least we could breathe.  What we spent $60 on I don't even know.  I've been to much better concerts for $60.  I know Vegas is a different beast, but at some point there's a line to draw.  I have no desire to ever go back to this show.   I'd rather spend the money on a Cirque Du Soleil show.  We didn't even stay for the whole thing, we left utterly disappointed that we missed seeing an amazing DJ.If you are thinking about going to this, don't waste your money.  Perhaps get there hours early and stand by the stage, but I'd recommend another venue.  On top of all that, there was one bar that was impossibly hard to get to with all the people in there.  I can only assume they exceeded fire codes by a lot.
4	I've been to more clubs than one would like to admit and Marquee was beyond belief of my imagination. Yes, the dance floor was obnoxiously overpacked but why would you go to a club where it's empty? I partied like a rock star and I felt like to rock star being there. Beautiful 4 story clubs with the access of indoor and outdoor and also we were able to sit at the abandoned reserved table with the set of swing when we needed to cool off from the dance floor (Be nice to the bouncers). It is impossible to describe how beautiful the venue and the stage set up was (Gogo Dancers popping out randomly above the DJ?!?). For those who immediately get irritated by just looking at the crowded dance floor, just walk over to a bar and ask them for a shot or two. This is a true vegas experience that everyone should experience. p.s contact Sugan Lagers to hook you up with the guestlist. Guys had to pay $50.00 but girls got in for free and all 6 of us did not have to wait even one minute; UNHEARD of in the popular vegas clubs. Susan not only got us in without any issues and also followed up to make sure my party had a good time!
1	I write this review as I am sitting in my hotel not even having left Vegas yet. THIS is how strongly I feel about my distaste for Marquee. My gfs and I are in Vegas this weekend for our annual trip, and decided to go to Marquee last night namely because of all the hype and the fact that it was close to our hotel, The Vdara.I am NOT a Vegas newbie. I am also not new to the Marquee either--No, this was not my first time there. No, this was not my second time there. This was my THIRD time--in a last ditch attempt at seeing the hype and craze over this night club. Usually, third time is the charm right? But it was just as horrible as my first and second time....So my previous experiences were not a fluke.Vegas night clubs are known to be packed and bumping (why else do people go??), but Marquee was just too much....  The few, few positive aspects go nowhere close to justifying the horrible staff, crappy bar service, chaotic (and absolutely nonsensical) entry system and CLEARLY over-capacitated space. And for some reason, something magical happens where people turn into absolute douche-bags at this club. There is no sense of civility or orderliness.Every nook and cranny was jammed with people and unless you pre-partied your brains out or have a hook up with a cabana or table service, good luck maintaining your buzz. We got a walk-in into the club but after getting in, we literally spent TWO hours trying to move from point A to point B. Subsequently, we left thereafter.The only positive thing I have to say about this club is how much it makes me appreciate and love Surrender and XS.
4	Mrs M. and myself decided to make ourselves feel old by mingling with the young ultra chic crowd at the Marquee on our visit to Vegas last month. We opted for the pool party on a Saturday afternoon, so we donned our suits, which we knew wouldn't get wet and headed on over the Marquee.Thankfully I have a friend who got us on the VIP list so we didn't need to stand in line, but instead were ushered right to the elevator to the roof deck after checking in. Boy did we feel fancy and hip! Upon arrival to the roof deck, we were ushered past another check in at the bottom of the stairs and then again at the top. Good thing as I wouldn't have stayed in line too long and would have backed out for sure, I'm actually not sure how you young-ins do it to be honest with you.The pool area is really nice, the cabana's that surround it are really cool, especially those with the glass front hot tubs. I'm not that baller though so we just camped out by the bar and took in the sights while enjoying a few drinks. They're pricey here, my beer was 10 dollars and wifeys red wine was 13. Truthfully, I don't think anyone here is worrying about how much they're spending though.The pool was really funny as everyone was so packed in you couldn't even move, but everyone seemed to enjoy it a lot and was in full on party mode. One thing I found odd was that people were ordering plates of food and they were sitting poolside in the sun which was a little gross to me.DJ Scotty played that day and did a great job of getting the crowd going, the music was fantastic and had me bobbing up and down to the beat.They also had Blackjack tables with a 50 dollar minimum if you felt the need to gamble a little.All in all, I had a great time. I half expected to feel really out of place being 40 and everyone else is basically half my age. That wasn't the case, everyone was just having a good time, myself and my wife included. I also expected the bartenders to give me the brush off or make me wait since I'm not one of the beautiful people, but our bartender was attentive and fast to pop me a new beer when I needed one.Next time I'm in Vegas I will be coming back to checkout the nightclub.
3	A bit disappointed this time. Maybe expectations were high since it was so much fun 3 months earlier.  It was packed tho. I mean like where that fat guy next to you on a plane spills into your seat kinda packed.  The event was sold out 1-2 weeks prior online. Then all of a sudden they were selling magically available tickets for $20 extra.  It's cool because some stragglers got to come too.  I found myself in the boombox, and I dislike hip hop.  But they let the EDM mega-party side get out of hand.  It's a good thing I dont need wingmen and can party solo.  It probably took me hours throughout the night to find anyone =)
5	I always have a great time here, definitely my favorite club in Vegas. What's not to love? Great music, beautiful people, awesome venue...don't forget to bring your dancing shoes ;)
3	So overrated!I'm not saying that this is a bad club. It's just such a scene to get into and it is so overrated for being "the hottest club in Vegas right now".  So many other clubs are better or just as good and aren't such a pain in the ass to get into. I realize that that is half the draw, but it's really just obnoxious.Both times that I came here, we had connections put us on the guest list with instructions to be here by 11 pm.  Okay, so both times we were late and that is our own fault, but still, the guy at the door didn't have to be such a douche about it.  One of the bouncers even tried to get us to bribe him for $100 a person. Sorry, no club is worth that.It is really LARGE and really crowded which I guess is the draw.  But I found it to be annoyingly crowded.. like you can't move enough to dance, or walk from once place to another, and people are spilling their drinks on you...We ended up waiting in the line to get in and it actually took less than an hour. Worth it to do it once and see the club, but I don't really need to do it again.The outdoor part of the club by the pool is the nicest part of it, but unfortunately we didn't discover it until the end of the evening.3 stars because it's not a bad club, it's actually a quite good club, it's just not as good as the hassle or the hype and there's other places to go.
1	I've been to this club a few times but last Saturday will be the last time. 'Ive never been really impressed but this last time sealed the deal. It was a night Kaskade played and the club was way over capacity. We were stuffed in corridors with bouncers yelling in our faces. We were shoulder to shoulder with no where to go. Not to mention it being very uncomfortable it was dangerous too! We couldnt even see the performance because the main stage area is so SMALL and the other rooms played different music so we couldn't hear it either. Did I mention they charge the GUYS $100 for entry?? BS!!Honestly dont waste your time and money. The people, the facility and everything about it is overrated!!
1	If you go on a weekend when there is a big act, they over-sell the place. It is SOOOO packed and the security guys are total dicks. We couldn't even see the stage. Were forced to just hang out outside most of the time. This place, unfortunately, is far too popular for it's size and you will be battling people for space and drinks alllll niiittteee. Go somewhere else where you can actually have fun.
5	As far as nightclubs go, the best that I have ever been to...I like both the Day and Night clubs but the Day club is hella fun!  It has a covered dance floor area with VIP tables.  Outdoors are the cabana and jacuzzis.  Overall the layout is on point.  The pool party has 2 areas with different music playing.  In the afternoon, the shadow of a building falls on the pool party so it didn't feel very hot in 100 degree weather.The service here is great.  Sheleen is super cool!Day club has my type of girls!
5	The best nightclub I have been to.  It has one of best DJ line ups, and their outdoor area is insane.  I highly recommend going here next time you're in Vegas!
3	Went to the club friday, sat, and sunday nights this weekend as friend was staying at the cosmo for labor day.The crowd sunday for martin solveig and benny benassi was spectacular.  Walking on to the dancefloor during solveig's set and I was greeted by a crowd of people wearing silly tennis headbands from the "hello" video he tossed into the crowd.........hilarious.   Very fun crowd, people there to have a good time.Saturday Kaskade played a great set, similar nice crowd, people who actually like house music and knew the DJ.  Everyone having fun, great vibe.Friday Avicii was totally different, he is a spectacular producer, but he is an average DJ.  His playlist was pretty much the last ministry of sound annual CD.  Also the people that show up to see Avicii is a totally different crowd.  Frat boys, jerk offs, people unfamiliar with house music.  People were shoving each other and being dicks.Only real complaint about the weekend is it's kind of retarded how Marquee tries to re-create the line to get inside the club, all over the nightclub.  If you thought getting into the club was a pain in the ass, wait till you try and go onto the dancefloor, out on the patio, or back in the club from the pool.They station bouncers at all these places and refuse to let people pass, while VIPs walk right past you.  So you get to wait in line ALL NIGHT, just moving around the club.  It's kind of like TAO where everywhere you stand is a walkway you're not allowed to stay on.Service was great other than that.  Great DJs, dancers, bartenders, and the bouncers were as nice as they could be.  I am getting really tired of feeling like cattle at these big vegas clubs, I think I am going to check out Drai's again soon. Any suggestions for better clubs are appreciated.
4	Saw Kaskade here for the second time recently.  Awesome!  Even discovered there was more than one room!  Great place, the crowd ate my phone tho..
3	DAYCLUB: came here in april and august. april was awesome! there was plenty of room to move about, in and out of the pool. + great music. august was GROSS but omggg phenomenal people watching. what a shitshow! had a blast watching all the weirdos on pills grind up on one another in the pool.NIGHTCLUB: came here around midnight to see kaskade on a saturday in august. my group of 5 girls was able to skip the line by hollering at a promoter (just google for phone #s), but WHAT A WASTE OF TIME. this shit was wayyy over capacity, like extreme fire hazard status. NO room to move. people constantly pushing you. left within 10 minutes. learned our lesson - best to go earlier in the evening to find someone's table to park at for the night.
1	THis is an example of something getting big hype for no reason.Trashy people, okay music, and really awkward floorplan. Won't be coming here again.
4	I've been here 3 times and actually had good experiences. Here are my tips for enjoying this club (for ladies): --Walk around the strip during the day looking cute and a promoter will approach you. If they don't work for Marquee, ask them if they know someone who does (and they will). Contact this person and get on the list **this only applies if you are with all girls. --Eat an early dinner, pregame in your hotel, and arrive early (before 10:30). You will be escorted in free, no line or waiting. --Bring a flask with you if necessary to maintain your buzz throughout the night. --Go directly up to the pool area (the top) and hang out there. It doesn't get crowded and there tends to be nice, cool people hanging around this area. All other parts of this club are completely packed. works every time!
5	Wow...What an amazing time I had at Marquee Day and Night Clubs.First, if you do not like EDM/Techno music...stop reading... do not go here, you will not like it. Other then the very crowded Boom Room at night, it's All EDM, all the time.Next a big Thanks to Amber Anderson, one of the hosts at Marquee who did a fantastic job at setting us up with a table on Saturday night to see Kaskade. And a note to all of those going . The line into this place is crazy, so when your host or promoter says get there at 10 pm... Don't be late, after that they will be impossible to reach or your table will be gone. We talked to a group earlier in the day who said they had a table reserved for Friday night but got there around midnight rather than 10 pm  too late, it was gone. Our waitress was great and the best part was our security guy. He kept our area clear of random guys and watched over our Bachelorette group like we were his sisters.Great music, packed dance floor with some cool relief outdoors around the pool.Two complaints..... First...The much talked about stairs....yes there are lots of them, we did not go upstairs or downstairs very much and thanks to yelp, we brought some flats. A full evening in 5 inch heels is tough on a girl.Second.... bathrooms... not enough and they are in remote areas...Still a great time was had Day Club....As a Cosmopolitan guest we got free entry.. as a group of 4 to 7 women staying at the Cosmo we got quick free entry.The day club is a combination music club, frat party, drinking contest and tiny tiny bikini contest... ( I tied for second place the last day there :)We had great time. Never went into the main pool....not sure what color the water was... but it was not clear... But we were invited to a few of the cabana's that had their own private hot tubs in front... very cool set up. Not sure what some of the other Vegas pool parties are like... but it will be hard to top the fun we had here !
1	Horrible experience, we spent $3,000 + on a table here and the hostess Britney ruined the entire night. She acted like she didn't want to be there even with her $400+ tip. The entire time we were belittled and ask do you understand how much this cost even after we paid the first 15 min of being there. We complained and nothing was changed. She set out bottles at our table and when we were going to open it she literally snatched it from our hands and said no not yet. We ordered the birthday celebration cupcakes, which are miniature cupcakes for $150, she brought them out with a few other girls said happy birthday and walked away, we saw two other groups get the same thing and they had a little show. We still have yet to hear an apology from anyone. Never again!
2	Okay, this place is totally overhyped. I didn't enjoy my experience here at all, and I don't think I'm that hard to please! Maybe it's because I came on one of the most crowded nights (Saturday) and had guys in my party, so I had to expect an experience like the one I had. - Saturday nights always have a big name DJ playing at this club, so that means an even larger crowd than normal. Guarantee yourself entry by purchasing pre-sale tickets, or else you're going to have to stand in line for 2 hours waiting to get in. - If you want to go the promoter route (like I did) because you don't want to spend money on the entry fee (because HEY, you're a girl and should be able to get in for free!) hit up a promoter and ask for a hook-up. All girl groups = comped entry. If you're coming with guys, have at least a 1:1 ratio so that the girls can get in for free, and the guys will have to pay a cover. Reduced fees for guys are rare/never happen, unless you get lucky.-- Guestlist closes at 11, so get in line EARLY. Serious about this. Even if they cut the line off after you and say "Guestlist line ends here," keep in mind that the bouncers always overestimate the number of people who can get in so that they can fill up the club. But that's never going to be a problem, because the club is always full. If you're in line by 10:30PM and the line runs to the other side of the hotel, don't even bother. You're gonna end up paying $20+ to get in (girls) and guys will pay $50, and waste 2 hours of your life waiting in line. Had I known that I was going to have to pay at the end, I would've left and gone to another club where everybody would've gotten comped admission AND drink tickets!--  Nice design for a theatre, but a horrible place for a dance club. Bathrooms are all the way outside past the pool area, and you have to make it through the crowded main dance floor to get there. And to get to the other mini dance rooms, you have to go up 1-2 floors. No elevators to take you there, and you're walking in heels. NOT fun at all.-- The one deciding factor on whether I like a club: the music. I am not hip enough to jump on the Electronic Dance Music bandwagon, and this place is ALL about EDM! Man I just can't dance to it. The other area Library had better music, but it was more of a lounge area with pool tables and not really a dance floor, and the Boombox was too crowded and played boring booty grinding music. I was pretty bored the whole entire night.Overall, I'm glad I got to experience Marquee because it's supposed to be the #1 Vegas club, but unless you're willing to drop a couple thousand dollars to get a table and be treated like a queen/king, don't bother. If you just want something simpler, there are a bunch of different clubs that you can go to with WAY less of the hassle.
4	"A Cheapskate's Guide to Having a Kickass Time at Marquee NIghtclub"Who says that you need to be filthy rich, a celebrity VIP, or attached to a group of skankily-dressed girls in order to waltz into what is (supposedly) the hottest nightclub in the USA right now?  I'm a nobody, but they let me into Marquee -- and I had a blast!  Here are my tips:1.  BE A HOTEL GUEST.  Assuming there isn't some special event going on, Cosmopolitan hotel guests don't pay cover (which, in the case of guys, is upwards of $50).  Hotel guests even have their own line, which means only 5 minutes of waiting instead of the usual 2+ hours.  That's all it took for me to move past the velvet rope.  (It also helps to be super polite to the bouncers and door staff.  They're used to self-entitled douchebags throwing money around, so a simple "please" and "thank you" will go a long way.)2.  PREPARTY APPROPRIATELY.  In my case, it was a Yelp event down the street.  In your case, it may be vodka in your room or a cocktail in the Chandelier bar (conveniently located across from the Marquee entrance).  Anything to avoid paying for $20 well drinks inside the nightclub.3.  FIND A LIQUOR REP.  Speaking of avoiding overpriced drinks -- it turns out that many Vegas nightclubs have reps from beverage companies giving out freebies of new booze that they're trying to market.  Look for these people, be friendly to them, and tip them a lot!  The night I was there, Asahi beer reps were giving out free bottles, and girls in short skirts were carrying trays of free vodka cocktails.  Good times!4.  WEAR COMFORTABLE SHOES.  Marquee is a gorgeous venue, but it's enormous and spread out over several levels.  I was lucky enough to be whisked up to the club via elevator, but latecomers have to walk up some 4-5 flights of stairs.  On the main level, there is the main room with a dancefloor, the pool/dayclub/cabana area, as well as the smaller Boombox room.  Up even higher is the Library (my personal favorite), with a more eclectic music selection and stylish decor.5.  MEET OODLES OF CRAZY BRAZILIANS AND AUSTRALIANS.  Vegas nightclubs are especially popular with international tourists -- and Marquee is no exception.  Foreigners are especially keen on meeting Americans, drinking with Americans, dancing with Americans, and then proceeding to make out with Americans.  Take advantage of this... if you dare.6.  DANCE SO MUCH THAT YOU FORGET HOW MUCH YOU WANT TO SIT.  It's true that there's nowhere to sit in Marquee unless you're dropping thousands of dollars on table service.  Screw sitting down -- that's for wimps anyway.  I recommend that you stay standing -- and dance the night away instead.  :-)
4	Now time for the dayclub after I already reviewed the nightclub. Dayclub is just as fun, but definitely way smaller since they only open the upstair pool and part of the inside. It's pretty much free for ladies and about $40 for guys. There's only one pool so it was super crowded but enough space to bounce up and down to the awesome music. They don't allow drinks at the center of the pool, and patrols will come up and tell you to go to the side. BUT seriously, don't take your drink to the middle of the pool--people there splash water like crazy. I don't think chlorine and salty body-ful water taste good. In fact, some water got splashed into my eyes and they sting like no others. Oh yes for the guys, don't wear wife beater and try to get in.  I don't see the difference between a wife beater and a man-tank but yes, you're going to have to go to that fancy store at the corner and buy a $20 tank top if you want to get back in line.
4	Marquee is seriously one of the best clubs in vegas. Great music, great crowd. I guess the only drawbacks of Marquee are the high priced drinks. I think i spent $20 on a vodka redbull, and it does get really packed. Must visit for any EDM fan.
4	Tao has been my favorite nightclub in Vegas for a while (Always a Happy Ending) but I think Marquee might be my new favorite club.  At 63,000 square feet with 5 floors, outside patio areas this is the second largest night club in the world! I love how the different floors had different vibes and music. We found the floors that played hip-hop and stuck to those. Tip #1: Ladies there is no need for you to stand in line or pay to get into any nightclub in Vegas. Just visit the club during the day to get on the guestlist and arrive early (before 10). My friends and I went to Marquee on a Friday night, was on the list and entered the club through the ladies line located on the 4th floor of the Cosmopolitan.  No wait - you get stamped and can leave and reenter anytime after that.  Tip #2: Pregame! Drinks at Marquee are $14.
4	After 5 people I encountered, including a black jack dealer at the Bellagio and a manager for Marquee, asked me if I was going to Marquee that night I figured I had to give it a shot. As I was on the guest list with a plus one, we didn't wait in line or pay cover. Sweet.After walking through all the floors we managed to settle on the largest "2nd" floor. Tables surround the dancefloor and outside is a pool area. We met up with some friends who had an awesome table not far from the DJ booth where Hardwell managed to rock my face off.Downstairs is a hip hop room, much smaller and really crowded. Upstairs an area with seating for talking, 'the library". Can't say much about the bar, it looked crowded from my vantage point atop the couch I was dancing on. No idea about the restrooms either.  Great Monday night party. Had to rush out so as to not miss my flight but I'm sure I'll rage here again soon.
2	I have been to Marquee nightclub but that was forever ago and so this review is for the dayclub only. (But my memory is telling me that I wasn't too impressed with the nightclub either...)Anyways, our promoter promised to get us in for free but we still had to stand awhile in line. We were originally planning to get a cabana but at $3,000 a pop, in addition to our tendency to sleep in, we decided table service at the nightclubs made more sense. When we finally arrived at the pool we couldn't move. And neither could the people in the water. Please see my uploaded photo of the pool aka sardines in a can. Maybe the daylight puts things into perspective (I REALLY wouldn't want to see a nightclub with the lights on...scary) but everything just seemed dirty. You couldn't pay me to get in that water and the cabanas were all crammed together. I am super relieved we didn't waste our money. I would have been devastated. We stayed less than 5 minutes after standing in line for 20.
3	This club is new and pretty. Used a promoter to get in for free, but she only got girls in. Sorry guys, you are on your own. Inside the club is dark and has lots of open space. The outside area I like better. There are spas and pools and tree boxes that you can sit on. You can also see the strip and it has a pretty view. Much more quite outside, so you can actually sit and talk. I was not too fond of the music they played and not much people were dancing. Getting in and out of the nightclub is kind of a nightmare! To get in- I'm only speaking from experience with my promoter, but we all had to meet downstairs and she only brought girls in as groups- not your personal group, but like a group group. She told people to meet at a certain time, and so whoever was on her list, I think she waited until all or most of them showed up then walked in about 20 or so girls at the same time. I understand that this saves her time, but you don't exactly feel VIP when it's done in that manner either. Every other club that I've had a promoter for, you went in with just the people you came with, not waiting for everyone to gather like cattle. Anyways, we met downstairs and so had to go back upstairs to get in and the entrance was wrapped around the back so I did not really like that being in heels. Also when you leave, oh geesh, talk about the worse stairs ever!! The entrance leads you to the back, like the back outside of a building! It's all metal stairs and endless amounts of them!! Every girl I saw freaked out at the stairs that lead us out and held on the the rails for dear life! Seriously, metal stairs leading to what like an outside back entrance with girls wearing like 4-5 inch heels... that's an accident waiting to happen!! They should at least put grips in the stairs or carpet somewhere so that it's not as accident prone! Just the thought of the exit makes me not want to come back to the club. My favorite clubs hands down are XS and Tao. I think I will stick to those!!
4	Kinda pricey and super crowded which usually isn't my thing, but the place is really big and really caters to different needs. I had a blast there with my boyfriend and totally appreciated the flashes of cold air. No room to really dance on the main floor on a Sat night.. But who cares! I totally had a blast!I took stars out for price ($50 for him and $20 for me, ladies were free before midnight)
3	I came here on a monday night and as hotel guests, we were able to go into an expedited line and receive free admission into the nightclub.  It's a great perk to staying at the Cosmopolitan.  During the day, we also went to the dayclub with free admission--but there wasn't really anything going on that day.  If you don't want to pay for day beds/cabanas, the only space you can really sit and hang out is the bar area of marquee which wasn't so bad.  It was nice to hang out in the shade, definitely got our drink on since we were confined to the bar.  Order the Frozen Red Bulls, they were so refreshing and definitely made me more energized.    They also have a lot of other signature cocktails that are really delicious--I don't think you can go wrong ordering any of them.  Marquee nightclub itself was a letdown.  The ratio of guys to girls that night was surprising.  Usually there's tons of girls but this time it was the other way around...it could have been that it was a monday night but who knows since it was my first time there.The outdoor area was probably more preferable to me than the inside.  It was really crowded inside and the music in the main area was decent but I have to say their light shows were pretty great.  As we were walking around, we did find another area inside.  It was a small room which looked more like a library that also had a bar.  I don't know how many other hidden rooms they had...It was pretty dark in there and difficult to navigate my way around there.  Overall, I'd have to say that I wasn't too impressed with Marquee.  The decor is really upscale and chic but I don't think I enjoyed the layout, crowd, and music as much as I had hoped.  I don't think it's worth it to wait in a long line and pay an arm and a leg for this place.  I think I'd only be back as a hotel guest to bypass the hassle.  I have to say that Surrender is a lot better than Marquee.
2	Marquee sucks. Extremely overated.Pro: New and beautiful place, more space to move around, nice outside viewCon: overprice. Alot of older crowd, ugly people. rude service, very few attractive girls.Bottom line: Don't go there its not worth it, because of the ugly crowd. Also there promoters lie..Girls don't drink for free and all guys have to pay 50 dollar on saturday even if they bring girls.Marquee needs to stop telling guys if they bring girls and are on gueslist they can get in free. There are no free drinks for girls.
4	3 stars for the night club Came here the first night my friends and I arrived in Vegas. Since we were staying at the Elara hotel, we literally just had to walk across the bridge and boom! There it is. As a first time in Vegas, I was highly anticipating to get in here. Clubs in Vegas are so glam, so posh, so ME. This club is pretty confusing because you have to go through all these escalators/elevators to before getting into the actual club! Get a promoter.... but then you should already know that because otherwise you can't get in anywhere! So we were on guest list and we got in. The very top floor (where the pool is located) plays house/edm music and the second floor plays hip hop. There are tons of tables with bottle service and this place makes pretty good drinks! The hip hop floor is sort of small though...that's the only negative. And I prefer hip hop over house music so not having a big dance floor made me not want to dance. 4 stars for the day club MUCH MUCH better. Ok the day pool party played all house music, but with the pool and it being a day party, it was all good. Never been to a day pool party like this and I had such an AMAZING time! The slushy drinks you buy by the pitcher is soooo good! Doesn't even taste like there is hella alcohol in it but there defs is! The pool is honestly looks like an STD pool. There is seriously so many people in that pool it's so gross....BUT! I went in anyway because I was trying to party! The water was so murky....... but it was so chill I tried not to think about it. Day club at Marquee over Night club at Marquee any day!
5	Dayclub review only:Walked in at about 1pm. Cover was $50 for men. It was really hot and had to pay $15 for sunblock (SPF 15). Drinks were about $15 but they use premium liquor. It was pretty crowded and you couldn't really dance.Kaskade played from 3pm to about 6pm and put on an incredible show. By 5pm some of the crowd had left and the ambiance got way cooler.
1	Hands down, one of the WORST nightclubs on the strip.Long walks up and down stairs just to get in, the douche-iest bouncers, the shitty layout, horrible bottle service policies...this list can go on and on about all the negatives but I'm sure I'd hit the character limit on this review. Yes, this is the "it" club in Vegas right now because it's one of the newer ones that books some of the best DJs...but it doesn't excuse them for being poorly run and staffing some of the worst bouncers. But let's face it...people are always going to go out of their way to get here, but just be forewarned that you'll be dealing with a crapton of douchebags. If you are going to go, at least make sure you work with Brian T (http://www.yelp.com/biz/brian-tickes-las-vegas) to get you in, because he is the only good thing about going to Marquee.
3	This review is for the dayclub only.Beware that unless you are prepared to shell out $500 + tips for a chair, there is absolutely no where to sit.  Being a "club" this makes sense when a big performance is going on, but that's only a couple hours tops and most people are there for much longer.  Not a place to go if you want to actually do the pool/lounging thing.Other than that, no complaints about the actual place itself (some of the people are a different matter).  Free drink ticket.  Gorgeous cocktail waitresses will make a girl hate her body and a guy thank the gods for the view.
3	It's a known fact to everyone I go to Vegas with that I absolutely DESPISE Marquee night club ... and if you read my previous review, you'd be surprised. Here's why I drastically changed from love to hate (NIGHTCLUB):1. Hello, millions and millions of lines ... where do I go? Oh, I'm not sure ... but doesn't matter 'cause a bouncer is bound to yell at me and tell me to BACK UP if I want to get in.2. Ooooo! Insider connection got me to a back line? Oh ... that just means entering through the back in a WORSE line. EVERYONE, LISTEN UP. DO NOT go in the back line - you will hate your life and want to just leave.  If they didn't allow hundreds of hundreds of people through the back, it would be awesome - but for some reason they decide that the back line is not special.  You will be TRAMPLED on when you come near to having your ID checked - why?  Because for some reason, the lines mush together and people start shoving to get in. Took me a good two hours to get in once. Learned my lesson the hard way.3. Bouncers need to learn that shining a flashlight in my eye while I'm walking THROUGH the dance room is really not doing anything.  Yes, I understand. I cannot go to the dance floor because you blocked it off since it's too crowded. Awesome.4. My god is this night club CROWDED and the inside part is WAY TOO SMALL. Compared to XS, Marquee is tiny and NOT good for huge crowds. If I were reviewing for the night club only, I'd give it one star, but the dayclub is the COMPLETE opposite.  No need for me to go into details because it's literally completely the opposite - WONDERFUL crowds, NOT that crowded (surprisingly), AWESOME DJs, and not a thousand lines and bouncers.  FIVE STARS for the dayclub. Seriously. End of the story? Don't bother coming here at night - go here for day club only and you'll want to stay in Vegas forever. But I'm rating it as a whole and I have to average it out - 3 stars to you, Marquee.  Do something about the night club, please.
5	Last night in Vegas? YUP! My girls & I went out with a BANG!A promoter we met up with made sure we didn't have to wait in a line. He took us through to the back entrance. I will say that it is the most official club as far as gaining entry into I've seen. It seems like each promoter had their own line to put people in, then the ID checkers are pretty legit, then you get a stamp after. Then we get a slip that says which promoter referred us to this club & how many were in our party. Then we turn the slip into the hostess up front who stamps our hands again. Then we were finally granted access [=This club has 4 different stories. Each level has something different to offer. The very top has what's called "The Library" it's just a bunch of pool tables & it's the quietest of all the levels in my opinion.The 2nd floor was eh, super small & only plays whack music.The 3rd floor was my FAVE! & where we spent most of our night. We got a free booth right by the DJ & got a free Patron shot. Since it was a Party Rock theme since the guy from LMFAO was making an appearance there were glowsticks provided at our booth, as well as glasses & foam fingers. We went to the promoters booth later & we got even more shots, sooooo much fun! I got to dance on top of our booth edge, my inner go-go dancer came out, lol.I totally recommend this club to any girl groups!
4	I actually had a great time here at Marquee, despite losing a toe nail! Dirty South did us so dirty that night...My friends and I arrived here at 10:15pm on the guest list. We had no problems with the bouncers, security, or lines. We waited probably 15 minutes at most and was inside no problem. Stairs? Forget about it! Those days are gone. You get the elevator treatment. And the man working in the elevator that night, genius. Friendly and makes you feel like you're going to have a great night already.Arrived early enough to find the photo "booth" area to take pictures and get complimentary drinks for the ladies. I love the decor and the special effects they have. Confetti cannon? Check! Puff of cold air? Check! Bubbles everywhere? Check! It's a gorgeous view from afar and an amazing feel up front.The only issue I have with this place is the limited dance floor space. It gets very very very tight, to the point where someone pushed me up against someone else. Packed like sardines. That's how I lost my pinky toe nail here... What I have noticed that sets Marquee apart from XS and Surrender is the crowd. There are more older men here than at XS or Surrender. "Older" meaning late 30s to mid 40s. Tables can run from $5,000 to $10,000 to $15,000. It's just all about the placement. But if I had a massive amount of money to burn, the $15,000 tables are beautiful! I was lucky enough to settle my butt down at each of these tables.Overall, might be one of my favorite clubs as of now! I just hope they don't further disappoint in the future! The trick is: get here early, get on a guest list, pregame in the car, and find a pair of steel-toed shoes.
1	I was very disappointed upon coming to Marquee. I've heard amazing stories about Marquee in NYC/ the newer Vegas location and I was so excited to see the Vegas version. We were all ready to shake our booties and get down Vegas style. However, even with after pre-gaming a bit,  I guess our first mistake was coming in on a Thursday night. Half of our group (the Vegas regulars) swore by Marquee and decided this was a good first stop for our Vegas trip. Upon entering, the club closed off it's other levels and only the "basement" was open. It was so small and only two club dancers were performing above the dance floor. It was so crowded on the small space and apparently they let anyone in tonight because I saw woman wearing sweats and sneakers? and guys who look like they just got in from going to the gym or something... really? This type of attire doesn't fly in NYC or nice restaurants. You don't need to be dressed to the 9's, but come on, sneakers are a absolute no no. How can people dress like that to a club? After that shock,  a lot of people, like us, went outside to chill on the balcony. To top off this experience, we wanted to order shots but many of the liquors were sold out. We peaced out after 30 minutes even when the guys just paid to get in. I was told this isn't an accurate depiction of Marquee LV... let's hope they rarely have these off nights because it was very disappointing. I think I'll just stick to my usual Vegas spots...
1	The people running this place have never heard of customer service.  The consider themselves the VIPs.  Guests can pay $1500 bottle service for a cabana.  ... to be fair I went during the day, and bottle service was only $200 for a cabana and $75 for a lounge chair. They just had to tell me what a great deal that was compared to the prices at night.  We overheard the bouncers making fun of a couple of guests in a cabana.  So apparently, even when you pay for a place to sit down, you are still not important enough.  I heard from a limo driver that a lot of the new clubs are doing this.  The owners plan on selling within a year, so they use the bottle service to rape the suckers who want to be seen with a table at the new clubs.  As soon as people get tired of the experience, the owners sell and go start another club.  They never have to pay the price for failing to provide a good product.  He expected the Marquee to sell within a year.  My advice, check the reviews on other clubs in Vegas, and find one that is currently providing a good time!
5	Came back for Avicii/Gareth Emery during EDC Week. I didn't think it was possible, but I ended up liking the Dayclub even more than the Nightclub lol. The crowd is super down to party and I made lots of new friends here. The vibe is off the heezy(Avicii helps). There's also a really nice view of Aria/City Center/Cosmo from the pool area. They have it at the nightclub too but it's even better during the day because of the always perfect Vegas weather lol. And once the music kicks in, it's just like the Avicii song goes: "Lookin up, there's always sky, rest your head, I'll take you highhh"  lol I had the best time I've ever had in Vegas here, and that's saying a lot! I'll be back again real soon!
5	Marquee is my favorite club in Vegas.  I'm usually there when Kaskade is the DJ and the place goes absolutely crazy.  The place hits its peak at around 1am or so.The Library is the main dance floor area and the Boombox is downstairs and is a smaller hip hop area.They now have blackjack tables set up outside which is a decent way to kill some time if you happen to get there a little early.The lines are long, it's a pain to get in, the drinks are expensive, the tables are ridiculously expensive...and the girls are hot.  In general the bouncers are pretty good at keeping the douchebag factor relatively low.
4	Marquee is an incredible club. It's sheer size is impressive with awesome light shows. It's so big that you can feel kinda lost, actually. We waited 1 and a half hours to get in, which was upsetting, but we heard good things so decided to check it out. I didn't know the DJ. The dance floor was impossible to stand for more than 10 minutes (too many ppl) and the drinks were extremely expensive. I suggest you pregame. They only play techno, so if you don't like constant pounding beats, this place is not for you. I would come back but wouldn't make it my go-to place. It's worth checking out at least once though.
2	Don't love this place.Dayclub: the daybeds/cabana's are awesome, mojitos are DELICIOUS, and the food is decent.  HATE that you can't bypass the long line if you have your own table, HATE the greasy guys from the midwest, HATE the outrageous prices.NIghtclub: like the fact that girls get in for free, love the pool area where you can get away from the crowd.  like the fact that the bar has a water dispenser so you can grab it yourself.  The best room (the hip hop room) is poorly ventilated and OUTRAGEOUSLY hot.  I wish they could move the hop hop music into a larger room/area.LOVE that you can grab late night pizza as soon as you exit (near the escalators).
5	Having never been to Vegas, and having lived in both Miami and NY, I was wondering what the whole fuss was about with Vegas clubs. The first couple of nights I was in Vegas, I had to went to Tryst and XS. They were cool, but nothing that "blew me away". Well, that all changed when I went to Marquee. This place is freaking amazing. I was surprised to find that getting into Vegas clubs was easier than in NY or Miami, at least with my experience being a guy.  In any case, i was literally blown away by the energy of this place and just the massiveness of it.  The main DJ room is a true experience with the glass panels and dancers coming out of the wall. The pool area was phenomenal and a great change of pace if you didn't want to get all crowded and hot in the main room. I walked around some of the other rooms (hip hop, etc) but I was there for the EDM. ATB was the DJ that night, and he just killed it.While the main room is crowded and there's traffic flow problems, if you can find a good spot it's a great time. The energy is amazing and intoxicating. The entire crowd feeds off it and it's just an incredible atmosphere. The lighting, use of smoke and other presentation aspects are the best I've ever seen at any club i've been to in the world.I went back the next time I was in Vegas and had an even better experience knowing where to go and how to get in.The bouncers are pretty strict about the dress code (i.e. you need to wear a sports jacket at all time if you're not wearing a dress shirt) but overall they're pretty friendly suprisingly. I'm used to the rudest of the rude in Miami but for the most part they were pretty cool.   This is a place I plan to go everytime I go to Vegas. Even though the tables on the dance floor are offensively expensive, if it was a bachelor party I'd absolutely do it because having that type of space but being right in the middle of it is worth the experience once in your life.
1	I don't understand why anyone likes this nightclub. I had to wait 45 minutes to get to my 5k table. They treat people like cattle and everyone there thinks they are too cool for school.  They underpays their employees compared to other nightclubs. The hosts are so broke and miserable its no wonder that unless you are there to spend 15k you get terrible service.  Definitely the biggest rip off in town, I have never heard of anyone who has gone there and said their bill which includes auto gratuity, entertainment tax, and host fees amongst other charges was worth the experience.  It's no wonder this club is going downhill fast.   All they have is kaskade and lmfao and for these events prepare to get really ripped off to get in or for a table. Everybody thinks they have to go there but once they have been they vow never to go again.  Save yourself the trouble, money, and misery and skip this place.  There are plenty of other nightclubs where they respect the money you are spending and where you get great customer service and have a great time!
5	The hottest club in Vegas FOR GOOD REASON. This place is incredible. It's HUGE. I love the multiple levels. The main floor was the most popular that night, with a DJ playing house and the crowd going WILD. The top floor is top 40, with more of a lounge feel. But my favorite floor was downstairs hip hop level. It was steamy and sexy and pumping, just like a hip hop dance floor should be. The only problem with this set up was the STAIRS we had to climb to get to each floor. Hello, most of us ladies are wearing at least 4 inch heels.  Even without a few drinks, those stairs are NOT EASY. But it's worth it. It seems to me that most of the negative reviews had problems with the lines and the wait to get in. Well, yeah. If you are going to the hottest club in town, of course there are going to be a bunch of other people there too. The club can afford to be selective about who they let in.  I can't really comment on the line because I was lucky enough to catch the attention of some rich old guy who was willing to pay a could extra hundred dollars to get me and my friends in without the line. (Sir, if you are reading this THANK YOU. Sorry I didn't sleep with you or anything). I would highly recommend trying to set an arrangement like that up because I have absolutely nothing else negative to say about Marquee. It was incredible.
3	Pretty nice club. I came here for dayclub and night club on a Sunday. I love the pool area, and awesome light effects at night. The music was pretty good.The only thing that would keep me from coming back here is the attitude of workers here. Bouncers and people working at the door were extremely rude. Here's my advice: if you have to be stuck at work anyway, you might as well make it a pleasant time for yourself and other people.
4	I really had a great time there! Love the outdoor pool area! Their Party Rock Mondays are soo fun!
4	Holy batman! line up. . . overall it was fun! Luckily, my girls and I waited for 30 mins to get in, used the elevator, paid $20 per cover, meet random people, and buzzed out.  PS. Thanks to the bouncers who got us in quickly. Big love. . . totally enjoyed my first time experience in Vegas.
2	To all the people who tell me, "OMG, I LOVE MARQUEE," "IT'S THE BEST CLUB IN VEGAS," and "IT'S SO NICE AND SPACIOUS," what in the world are you smoking or did you get drunk to the point you blacked out and don't remember the venue??My problem with Marquee is with the staff for both the Dayclub and Nightclub.  Or maybe, my problem was that I just had way too high expectations and Marquee didn't deliver--yeah, that's it, too.Was in a long line for the dayclub on a Saturday afternoon.  For the douche bouncer who was rude and disrespectful to our party and those in line, I understand you need to be strict and adhere to your job title, but damn, you could do away with the dirty glares and attitude in your voice.  So our party ran into trouble as we were told we were put on the guestlist but turns out, we really weren't.  The bouncer we talked to was not willing to hear our story and merely dismissed us when our names weren't on the list.  Originally, we were looking at free for girls and $25 a guy.  He tells us it'd be $25 a girl and $45 a guy since we weren't on the guestlist.  We knew another party in Vegas that weekend and they later went to Marquee dayclub and got quoted free for girls, $30 a guy.  OH, I love the consistency, thanks for NOT trying to help us, Marquee.  Also, one of the guys in our party wasn't going to be let in because he didn't have on swimming shorts...?  "There are holes so they're basketball shorts, not swimming shorts."  BS, they're board shorts.  Somebody tell me when did Fox start manufacturing basketball shorts 'cause last time I checked, they were a racing and surfing clothes company. So we bounced because the bouncers were being unreasonable and ended up at the pool at our hotel, I'll save that $25/$45, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.My most recent experience with Marquee was with Elisa C. for their nightclub on a night Avicii was playing.  I expected it to be packed and a fun night, and while Avicii was pretty damn good, the rest of my experience at Marquee is something I hope to never experience again.  It's super crowded when there is a big name playing, I understand that, but WTF WHY CAN'T I MOVE AND GO ANYWHERE?  I get reprimanded by security when I lean against railings, I get hustled to keep moving when I'm "blocking" the walkway but there's honestly NO WHERE to go (yeah, I'll just keep moving in damn CIRCLES around the club), and I can't even sit down anywhere because the only places you can find a seat if you don't have bottle service is on those giant flower pots that everybody and their moms are hogging because their feet are hurting from standing.The dancefloor is TINY and there are assholes who are shoving to get to the front and pouring their drinks all over me because they can't keep their damn hands still as they're moving through the crowd.  Yet again, there's NO WHERE to go because you're sandwiched between hoards of people who are too drunk to function or high off their minds.  That's Marquee on a busy night for you.  Even outside where the pool and cabanas are is PACKED.  The recurring question of "where can I go?" reappears and I'm left walking in circles around the club AGAIN.  Thanks Marquee, thanks.I'd probably be less annoyed and irritated at Marquee if I wasn't in tall heels and struggling to keep my feet painless throughout the night...but when people boast about this place being a great venue and one of the top clubs in Vegas and I didn't see that, that's a problem.I'll probably give the dayclub and nightclub another chance in the near future, but first retrain your staff and then I'll see whether it's worth going or not.
4	Big ass club !!! Love the DJ LINE UP !!! the place to be in LAs VEGAS for party !! just the line is ridiculous.... Better have a table
4	Good crowd, nice upscale environment, quick service inside.... If you can even get in. The line outside is ridiculously lengthy and they hardly take care of moving it along. While the crowd and service is nice inside, it's overpacked no matter when you go and they'll shut you out of the dance floor if it gets overcrowded (which it always does). I'd rather be somewhere that I have some space but overall it's a pretty fun place to be
3	My friends and I came in at  11:05 and missed the guest list. Friday night. As a result of missing the guest list, my friend dragged us upstairs through a whole bunch of people ( which made them really mad) I was just amused, because if you had gotten there earlier then there would have been nothing to complain about. We ended up getting in about 20 minutes after our friend talked to his promoter friend.  So it didn't really take that long at all !!!! It was 45$ for guys with 2 girls, girls for free, I'm not sure how much it would be normally though.This place was so confusing since there are a few different ways to get in, so if you get here early around 945 or 10 then you should be fine.There were many stairs to walk up to get into the club, which is kind of a bitch if you are in heels. Martin Solveig played that night, and the dj before played house music as well.The dance floor was way too crowded, and they didn't let anyone, so we had to sneak in ok I know you are not supposed to do that either. ahaha The outside area where the pool was was so nice and pretty !!! It could have been larger though. 2 shots of patron and a coke were $30, I think the rest of the drinks were around $15 - $17. But we had free drink coupons, so not that bad :) I don't think I would come again because there was barely any room to dance, and the whole club just seemed to crowded and small.
1	I was at marquee night club for my sister and future brother in law's Saturday night bachelor/bachelorette party with Avicii as the headliner.  It was extremely packed, to the point that they were not letting people walk into the dance floor and seemed to be a fire hazard. September 29th,  2012. We were standing near the side bar to have a drink and cool off when this bouncer yelled at my friends and I for being a few feet away from a reserved sofa/table area. He also bumped me which got on my nerves because we were standing there minding our own business.Anyhow I just logged into my yelp account and actually found this message in my review or marquee unsent "Very bad at being biased I will not return here unless you know a homie. Its basically how you get around. If you dont know anyone then fml"I was really angry that night and started to type on my phone the outrage but due to my level of tipsiness LOL I never finished.Overall the club is usually fun but extremely packed. Experiencing first hand rude behavior and abuse of power from a service employee towards a guest is unacceptable.I would avoid marquee next time even if there is a good headliner.
4	Fun club with different levels and music. It has a great atmosphere and tons of beautiful people. It does get very crowded though and I felt very claustrophobic in the hip hop room. Over all I'd visit again.
4	Short Review:I've probably been here over 20 times in my life time so the excitement of this club is gone for me.-Free for locals on Mondays.-Has a dayclub/nightclub with major EDM artists that play here regularly.If you haven't been here at least visit this place ONCE in your life time-Ladies be warned! You're going to have to walk down/up some stairs whether you're leaving or re-entering (you take the elevator going in from the entrance) so make a sound judgement before you wear your high heels.  Ive seen many barefoot Asian girls running around after the club.
4	I've been here several times this year and it's always a good time! There are multiple floors, each with it's own theme of music so there should be something for everyone. Everytime I've gone it's packed even as a day club.
3	Best way to enjoy your experience here is to reserve a table with your girlfriends.  You get bottle service, a place to sit and rest your feet, fresh air, and you can choose whom you'd like to chill with you.  We had a table on a Saturday night. The table was right on the edge of the pool, and luckily no one fell in. The area is okay, music is more Top 40.  The real party happens downstairs in the hip hop room.  Definitely bumpin' the best music.  It can also get hella packed.  I overheard a woman yell to her friends, "What the f**k?  I'm too old for this sh!t." Ha. But if you're lucky enough to squeeze through the crowd you may just end up partying with the celebrity du jour.  The venue is massive and navigating between dance floors, bathrooms, and tables can get interesting.  Bouncers are kind of strict; so much so that we were worried we'd get kicked out for the smallest of things.  Ah well.  Still had an awesome night with mah ladies.  Best part of the Marquee experience is the elevator ride to/from the main floor.  The elevator staff dude entertained us with a little freestyle.  Good times.
1	Marquee. At the Cosmo. All fancy right? The hottest clubs for 2011 in one of the upper tier hotel at the Strip. Go in, get VIP bottle service, get the girls, dance your ass off, tip them well and they treat you well, and you have the night of your life right? No. I couldn't be more wrong with my initial perception of this god forsaken place where even satin himself will be embarrassed to take a diarrhea dump in this shit hole. And you wanna know why? Well.... where do we begin...So we went and ordered bottle vip service. Total cost of the drinks + tax + tips on the bill totaled to digits that's easily longer than a black guy's cock. We gave an additional $100 to the "host" (let's call him asshole) for showing us to our table. Oh wow he really worked for that huh? $100 in the 2 minutes he spent on walking us to our tables. Untaxed, undocumented, unreported. You know what that sounds like? Illegal immigrants. Never trust the waitresses or the waiters. Actually, this applies to all of these nightclubs in Vegas. The waitress will pour the shit out of the alcohol for you, then as soon as you put your cup down, the waiter will immediately swoop in and "clean" your cups. Each time they clean my shit, it costs us around $40 worth of alcohol that we didn't finish. Even if we put a napkin on top of it, they still take it. This "cleaning service" is more expensive than getting an Asian massage, I swear the god. So I say "No, I'll pour it myself." She gives me a dirty look. I don't give a fuck bitch, GTFO. Gave you your $400 tip, leave me the fuck alone. Never trust the bouncers. They're fucked up, they're bitches, whatever you can think of when you talk shit, that's what they are. The host (asshole) too. I'll talk more about Mr. Asshole in a bit. But first, my girl needed to bring someone back in. I asked them if I can get them, they said yes, as long as I tell them I'm from table ##. Fine, I got to the exit with the girl, another bouncer said "once you go out, you cant get back in." I told him I'm from table ## and showed him the VIP stamp, he said "i still aint going to let you in." I asked him if there's any secret code word he wants, he said "my birthday's july 17th." Ok, I take that as a sign, the girl and I go and get her friend. Walking back, he denied us. Wtf. I said "July 17th." He responded with "I dont know what you're talking about." Are you fucking serious? So the girl tells me to go stand at the re-entry line to hold the spot while she tries to talk to the bouncer. I turn to go, right when I turn, he lets the two bitches in. And they just went in without looking back. WOW. BITCHES man. I said wtf, he tells me to go to 2nd floor table service line. So I go there, and I see the host, Mr. Asshole. I said to him, "You recognize me, I tipped you $100, can you get me back in?" He looks at me, and says "Ok, hang on, let me get the other bouncer to let you in." Disappears, never comes back. Wow again. I get a text from a friend. He got kicked out. Why? Because some girl fell or something and when he tried to pick her up, she said he groped her? Wtf? The bouncer didn't even let him talk, he just listened to the girl, then permanent X on his wrist. Kicked out just like that. What. the. fuck. After 1 hour, I was eventually let back in by another bouncer. I see the July 17th bitch. Confronted him, he said "i dont even wanna talk to you." Ok fine, yes you got the "power" now, wait 5 more years, your dumbass be begging for change. Whatever. So I go back up. Wow, the elevators are closed out. We gotta use these in-case-of-emergency-fire staircase. Plain metal staircase, going up 3-5 flights. Did I mention this club is 3 floors big? Nice architect right? Poor girls with their overly high heels. I swear these heels are longer than Beiber's dick. Anyways, I have no idea how much cover charge is, but I personally paid ~$600 not including tips and tax for this shit.. this metal staircase. Luxury for the win. All in all, the bouncers, the waitresses, the host are all lying pricks at this place. Sure the first girl was a bitch too. Would I consider coming back? I'd rather go into a Chinese toilet with old Chinese men taking a shit and smoking at the same time. I'd rather yank all the hair off my balls. I'd rather masturbate while being forced to watch two girls one cup. Better yet, I'd rather fantasize myself being part of two guys one horse.
4	dayclubit was fun however i thought it would  be bigger, but it was fun cause most people  were nice, drinks were eh... preparty always in vegas but we got the hook up and some dude gave us his table or whatevers, which was right where the pool was, so that was really cool!, water was warm kind of gross so i stepped out and just danced on the edge of the pool, under the umbrella, summer heat and drinking, for sure no bueno.  for sure check it out, if not then go to encore beach club i like that one a bit more
5	This place is always awesome. Huge outdoor area, great sound system and insane lighting. I don't think it gets any better than this in terms of light and sound. There is also plenty of security running around, which to me is a good thing.Luckily I have never stood in line to get in, but beware- the line is huge on weekends. five stars, but if I had to deal with the line and pay to get in, I would say four.
4	I think the Cosmo and Marquee are just beautiful. I love the lighting and decor. Come on.. for a club trying to attract beautiful girls (& the guys who are going to spend cash money to spend time with them) its not the smartest idea to have flights of stairs necessary to get anywhere in the club. This club is one of the larger, but many people might not know because of the confusing layout. The main room has some of the best Electronic and House artists regularly. The problem is that sometimes the music can get a little boring if you are trying to dance, but that doesn't really matter because when someone popular is performing, you are sandwiched between strangers and have no room to move and dance anyway. The pool area is great to get a fresh of fresh air, and some much needed personal space. The lighting and waterfall are lovely, and great for ladies looking for photo ops! I love the photo booth out by the pool! Its free to send the photos to your email.
4	A club is a club is a club, but even for this jaded Houstonian, I was impressed. There's a boatload of stuff going on in Marquee. In terms of Houstonian comparisons: the poolside ambiance from Monnalisa, the electro/house action of Red Door, the swankiness of a place like Manor, and the occasional d-baggery of a place like Ei8ht. There's really nothing quite like it.Overall, it was an enjoyable if costly experience, and something I'm glad to have done once but will probably never actively try to do again. Here's our night in a nutshell, for those doing similar planning.Bottle service for a table of 8 guys was a 3 bottle minimum, with bottles around $500. Add in tax, gratuity and extra drinks and we hit 2 grand easy.The sales rep strongly recommended getting there by 10:30. There's a separate line for table service, but that apparently gets long too. Also, tables are taken as parties come unless you've got that special pull. Our sales rep called back the morning of the day of, which I thought was respectable.Half our party arrived a little before 10:30, and we waited for a few stragglers. No issues getting in, and the name-check / deposit process was actually quite easy. Getting to our table was an experience straight out of Disneyland's Haunted Mansion, as we went into an elevator and navigated a couple hallways and stairs. I'm frankly surprised we didn't end up in some plush, movable black seats ready to become ghost hunters.The club was plenty packed as we made our way to our table, which ended up being outside by the pool area. I assume the in-room tables are more prized, but I liked the outdoor atmosphere, far enough away from the music to hear each other talk and cool enough to feel the breeze. Yes, I'm sure I sound like an old fogey.We toured the area at various times. I think I made it to two different floors, but judging from the reviews I don't think I ever ventured to the third venue. The pool is situated just outside the House room, and we also stumbled upon the Top 40 room as well. Poolside was honestly my favorite location in the club, for the old fogey reasons mentioned above.No complaints at all about the service, which was efficient and well-done. Our hostess came around enough times to ensure we were sufficiently stocked and having a good time. A manager also stopped by to check on us at some point in the night.Hmm, what else? Dress is fancy, obviously. Club stayed packed the entire time we were there (til 3-ish). There are gambling tables set up in the club for the addicts. Dance floors looked small, but apparently some big name DJs play here. Really close to Secret Pizza which is straight money.
4	Went to Marquee last Saturday and it was crazy packed! I love that they have a bunch of rooms that play different music. I just wish their library room was a bit bigger because I literally almost die with all those people in there dancing! But other then that, I love Marquee! (:
3	From what I remembered this halloween weekend:I got stopped by 42428905239 security guards for my nails, but they finally let me through up to the LAST security guard.While in the guestlist line:Security guard: "sorry I can't let you in without sleeves"Friend: "But i'm a rockstar! rock stars don't wear sleeves, its halloween!"Security: "Yes but there is still dress code, go buy a 5 dollar shirt at that store and we'll let you in" -- Points at a bougie ass shirt with bedazzled gems all around the window. hahahaFriend TO ME: "Aye, take off your jacket"Me: "WTF?! I'm only wearing a bra! I will be out of costume"Security guard: "No no no, if thats not her costume, dont make her do that man"- We step out of line while my friend tries to get through another part of the guestlistManager walks up to meManager: "Lady deathstrike"Me: "Ooo shit you recognized me!"Manager: "I bet youre looking for this guy" and proceeds to show me a picture of a dude who was dressed as wolverine the night before LOLMe: "Yes! i've been trying to find a wolverine to fight!"Manager: "Why are you guys standing here?"Friend: "I cant get in because im wearing a sleeveless shirt"Manager: "Let me see what i can do"a few minutes later, a security guard walks up and opens the ropes for us and while my friends walk through, I get stoppedSecurity Guard #23494823: "i cant let you in with those"Me: "These nails?! everyone else let me in,  its part of my costume! its only duct tape!"Security Guard #82404927: "But you might poke someones eye out"Me: "im harmless i just look badass" LOLMy homegirl then proceeds to rip off my nails and we finally get it.1 Star for the funny yet frustrating entrance into Marquee2 Stars for still getting in for free during Halloween3 Stars because I was faaaaaacked up and I had fun. It wasn't as crowded as i thought and ran into so many of my friends.Money spent: FREE.99by the way, was ATB good? I don't remember...
1	I hate douche security guads at Marquee with a passion.I came here twice for nightclub. Once during Armin van Buuren on memorial day weekend and this past halloween weekend for ATB and Armin van Buuren.The first time around I paid $40. Second time around I got in for free because of guest list but it is besides the point since I don't care to drop some money in order to have a good time But no, Marquee doesn't let me have my grand time.During the peak hour, dance floor got super spacked both times. My friends and I were locked out unless we paid the bouncer. We paid $20/person and it just went downhill from there. People are shoving left to right, elbowing you, stomping on you, etc. A couple in their 50's kept shoving me to go to the front so I pushed the guy really hard and he looked at me like if he was going to hit me. Dude, don't shove your way in if you can't handle people shoving you back.My point being: fck marquee. I'm sticking to other clubs like Tao & XS regardless of the fact that they bring in awesome DJs.
5	I have not written a review in over a year but felt compelled after how much fun I had this weekend. Party Rock Monday @ Marquee is the most fun I have had in a long time.1) Cool vibe - everyone I met came to just have fun, smiles all around. dimes. dimes everywhere.2) Dance floor is popping - if you like to get wild, then it's all good. it get's packed, if you dont like that then go outside and kick it by the pool area (there's tv's all around to show you whats happening inside on the stage) or the areas on the side.They will stop people from coming onto the dance floor if its too crowded. Solution? 1) buy a bottle or make friends w someone at a table 2) slip him some money 3) be a really good looking girl3) Production - LASERS. LASERS EVERYWHERE. I dont even think swedish house mafia sets blast that much laser. screen's are all sync'd well and gogo dancers make you do a double take. if you are into productions and that sort of stuff the lighting guys are actually at the very back of the club near the pool bar. they are more than willing to talk shop if you are interested. P.S: they also blast confetti everywhere and at some point had the bubble machine turned on too (yo dawg i aint try to get random soap on my hair so chill with that) SENSORY OVERLOAD.4) Staff - was most impressed by how well the staff was working. have enough friends that run/work nightclubs to understand how much effort it actually takes. for a better glimpse check out the GQ article that came out featuring marquee. used a promoters gl and got comped drink tix also - protip: always make sure you make some new friends that work in the industry ;) a simple hi how are you doing goes a long way. I'm not sure who is responsible for hiring the talent but keep up the good work my dude ;)5) Music - probably the most important part. they book plenty of good EDM acts, and the resident DJ's are also pretty sick. I feel like my hypem playlist had most of the same tracks they played (thats a good thing). 6) A lot of people ask which is better, XS or Marquee? They each have their own strong points. I'd say they are kings in their own leagues. Go to both =)IN CONCLUSION. solid place for a younger crowd. I left marquee at 4am, took a flight back up to the bay area at 7. got to work by 9. during lunch I felt like the entire thing was a dream.
1	Unlike many of the reviewers here, I didn't have to wait in a massive line, as I had a hookup. I only waited 2 minutes to get in. No cover at that!...But way too many people for such a tiny space.  And then security shoves me out of the way because the dance floor is too packed. Riddle me this: how the hell are you going to deny a gay man from dancing like a lunatic at a nightclub????? We live for dancing like we're on one at nightclubs.
5	Okay so I have to give them 5 stars. Why?Well, from my previous Yelp review, I got a message from their guest relations apologizing for my unpleasant visit. Had wrote to me saying that me + 1 would get a comped admission + 1 complimentary drink each. Wow! :] I gave them a call on Saturday night, explained the message to them, and was told I would get a call back. 2 hours later, I get a call from one of the security guards at Marquee and said that everything was arranged. Arrived at Marquee at around 12:45 ish..and with nooo problem whatsoever, we got to cut the line, got our free admission, and the security guard who's name is Joe handed my bf and I 4 complimentary drink tickets. Now that is great customer service. Definitely more than what we expected. A much better experience this time. For both of the bars we went to (hip hop room and main room), they didn't have any milk to make my bf's White Russian. :/ They seriously need to make the hip hop room bigger! Why so small for?! Good music though, loved it. Love the balcony outside as well. Has a great view. One thing I don't like about Marquee though, is too many stairs to walk up and down to to get to the other rooms. Main room dance floor is ridiculous. People, do not dance with your elbows up. You're going to hit someone, and cause a freakin' fight. Which was reallly close to happening. Felt like anchovies in a can. Pushed a couple of elbow dancers. Main room bar..idk about that bartender. He made me the worst Midori Sour I've ever had. I feel like he put pineapple juice in it?????!?!?!?!?! It was undrinkable..but I drank it. :/ Other than that..thank you to both Jennifer and Joe for that night. Everything was great!
2	I'm a fan when it comes down to great music in an awesome atmosphere. Of course, Vegas always has something to offer in a lil' city. Great minds think alike when the words of: pool party, vegas, house music, and a combo of inebriated drunkards basking in the sun while sipping on endless amount of booze come into play!Marquee is deemed to be THE spot to pool party. However, I think Encore and WET Republic take the cake. Here are my gripes:Small pool to splash around and sparse accommodations to any of your belongings, yet alone, leave it with a large pile of other people's belongings. Hence, bottle service gives you a small space to party like a rockstar with your friends and soon-to-be friends and leave your stuff hanging around. The service is baffling!! My friend orders us bottle service and pitchers of more alcohol to go around with our group, but to our own dismay, the little monster shuffling her small frame and fake boobs in our faces was utterly rude! She wanted us to pay first before we got our drinks?! WOW!! My friend paid for everything, called his credit card company to cancel the transaction, voila!, we got our FREE booze in hand!! Boo-yah!The crowd was so-so. I've seen better eye candy at Encore and WR. A group of guys tried their best to fondle me and my girlfriends thinking I wouldn't say one word. I NEVER take that kind of advantage from ANYBODY! Security was shamefully nonchalant about the incident and scurried off thinking it was no big deal. Really?! After much avoidance and drinking plenty of vodka shots and AMFs, I was dancing like nuts to the filtering sounds of house music!I really want to give this place more than what it should be credited for but I find it disappointing when I receive lack of service from anybody. I enjoyed the hours of incredible music, my awesome set of company, and what was little to be known, an okay venue. Is it worth it to come back again? Depends. If they held any of my favorite house DJs, I'll be back or someone holds their birthday/bachelorette party here.
5	Dance dance dance... dancing till dawn till my heels come off. That's totally what happened to me and I'm sure for most of you girls as well.Despite how packed this place can be, It is FUN! Most of the people are probably jammed pack on the dance level and not too much on the hip-hop/top 40s levels.Go onto their website and order the presale tickets and you can enter with little to no wait at all. It is definitely worth spending more time inside, rather than in line outside. You can also check out what DJ's are spinning on which weekend so you can get your tickets early.Get ready to party ladies and gents because the *unce unce unce* will definitely keep you up till dawn here.
4	Avicii though! Came back for my bachelorette party this past weekend and of course it was packed. Thank goodness we didn't have to wait in line or pay to get in! :) I took off a star because i swear... they always let way too many people in the vegas clubs. It gets so packed, it's just hot and uncomfortable.
4	Party like a Rockstar!  I was there for my 30th bday and my friend all suggested this place since it is the newest club and everyone said we must go if we are in Vegas.  One of my local friend took us there and we went straight up  to VIP without the wait.  If I have to compare this to XS Club, I would have to say the pool area is not as big and fancy as XS.  The only downfall is the hip hop room.  It was either too crowded or too many people was there that night.  We could not bare less then 10 minutes.  The music was awesome but there was no place to dance or even move my body.  I was so wanting to dance the night away too.  Overall the club is like any club in Vegas, not  where my jaw dropped when I walked in like how everyone was raving about.
2	I absolutely love the cosmopolitan hotel so I had high expectations for this club. We called a day before and got on the VIP list. Girls were free, guys still had to pay $25. When we got up there I immediately fell in love with the atmosphere! It was so cool and big! We got drinks, expensive and not good. Tasted like cheap vodka. Then we all made our way to the dance floor. Security made it hard to hang out if you wanted to take a break. The only place you could stand around and talk with people was outside. They did have heat lamps which were a plus but it was still cold. Security was strict here. The dance floor was not that big at all and it was really had to move around. There is a giant screen showing like naked girls dancing, not really interested. I'm not sure how much a table would have been but I definitely suggest it. I'm not sure if it was because it was thanksgiving weekend but there were a lot of awkward foreign tourists there. The only thing going for this place is the atmosphere.
3	The dayclub is definitely not my favorite in Vegas. It's overpriced, full of sweaty orange people, and the pool is small. I came here for Kaskade; it was my first experience at a dayclub and although I had a few drinks in me, I did not have a lot of fun, mostly because of the people there. I was a little perturbed by the slutty girls who wear lingerie and gold chains and who refuse to go into the water for fear of messing up their hair. I also kept getting rubbed up against a guy with serious back hair / sweaty fat rolls. They may have some of the world's top DJs play here, but those events get so crowded it's impossible to enjoy unless you drop a ton of money to get a table.The nightclub was a different story. We came for Hardwell and everything was classy and nice. They had self-serve water, as opposed to the 10 dollar bottles at other clubs. The bouncers weren't douchey, and everyone looked good, perhaps with the exception of the people in the crowded hip hop room, which was essentially a huge grindfest. The outside area was really chill and there is a lot of space to party there. Yeah, if you want to get close to the front, it's a big shove fest, but that's the case at XS or any of the big Vegas clubs when there's a top DJ playing. I agree with the complaints - the layout is a bit weird, especially with the stairs, and XS is probably more fun, but Marquee the nightclub is certainly worth going to, especially if there's a good EDM artist playing.
2	This review is for Marquee nightclub.  Maybe I'm getting too old for this stuff or maybe it's because Marquee makes you climb flights and flights of stairs in heels, but I'm starting to hate this place.  Love the electro & house music, especially the great djs that spin here, but the main dance floor is so small that it's nearly impossible to get on it and actually enjoy the music.  The club also gets super crowded that you can barely move and sometimes are forced outside and not let back in.  Half the time I'm trying to maneuver around people trying to find a place to stand or dance without getting bumped or stepped on, and the other half I'm climbing up and down the damn stairs, trying not to eat it.  The good thing about this place is that they have multi-level dance floors, so if you're not into the edm scene, there is a hiphop dance floor downstairs.  If you want to avoid the crazy long lines and paying 60-80 bucks for cover for guys, make sure you either buy presale tickets or go through a promoter.
4	Loved this place.... the music was amazing on every floor.  I've been to Marquee on a Thursday and it was NOTHING like Saturday night... There was so much going on Saturday night.  The place is huge...Pros-  Awesome music.  They bring lots of cool DJ's; when I went EDX was there and I danced the night away!  Everyone that works here is amazing, from the bartenders, to the bouncers, to the ladies in the bathrooms...Cons-  They made us climb 18 flights of stairs to get into the club which was kind of annoying.  The dance floor on the main level is kinda smallOverall, I loved Marquee and I would definitely recommend it to people... just don't go on a Thursday night ;-)
3	I went to Vegas on Labor Day Weekend, and ended up at the Marquee only by chance because my brother-in-law got booted for having European Speedos on.  WTF?!  The security/bouncer was rude.  No standing or sitting room unless you have a cabana.  But what the hell, it's LDW right?!  And we got in for free.Drinks were way too expensive-now have I paid for it, I would be pissed, but since the club comped us for it, I didn't mind drinking at my leisure.We did find a really cool guy to hang with, thanks to my in-laws' date.  She mingled her way into our very, wait for it...CABANA!!  Yes, fully stocked and.  Our day was fulfilled.
2	Came here for my 21st birthday saturday night (11/11) and had to wait until 12am to get in but that was no big deal, the line was alright and my friend and i got in for free. This place is like a maze, you have no clue where you are and it's just meh. i expected way more with all the hype. The music was whatever, you can NOT go on the dance floor because it was too crowded and it was just a bad experience..Why? YOUR BOUNCERS HAVE ISSUES. They kicked a few of my friends out just for asking a simple question of what happened. Seriously? calm the fck down. power tripping for no reason. SO disappointed with marquee. your bouncers are assholes, your place is crowded, the dance floor is unreachable, it's a MAZE in there and it is so hard to navigate in there. I had to walk down 6 flight of stairs to reach the exit. I was only able to stay for an hour and a half before my friends got kicked out.Thank you Marquee for ruining my birthday, which should have been a good night. You need to tell your bouncers to relax and remember everyone is there to have a good time so loosen up.
2	This place is stuck in the past. Came for a friends birthday and had two rooms. Each room (4 guys) wanted to check out Kaskade at the end of the night, and they denied their own hotel guests (not to mention that they were gay men who were a lot more attractive than the ugly bitches there). Grow up, Vegas.
2	I recently went to Marquee with a group from out of town. I'm not a real big clubber, I prefer going to bars with excellent mixology programs and where I don't have to stand in line for two hours and drink crappy, expensive drinks  BUT we were at the Cosmopolitan, it was 2 a.m. and the birthday girl wanted to party. I was relieved t see there was no line PLUS I didn't have to pay because I am a Vegas local. Anyway, I had read on Seven magazine that there is this area in the club called the Library where the head of Tao's beverage program had created a special cocktail menu since the Library was supposed to have more of a lounge feeling. So we stumbled across it finally and I headed to the bar thinking I'd peruse the menu to see what their house creations were (mind you, I had just been at Herbs and Rye and the Vesper bar downstairs) and the bartender told me they only had bottle service. So I asked him what he had. He pointed to the bar and told me they had everything. So I asked for a bramble, a mint julep, a negroni and he told me they didn't have any of those cocktails. So I went with a gin and pineapple juice for FIFTEEN DOLLARS! WHAT!? I can get a delicious hand-crafted cocktail for $12 bucks at the Chandelier bar!After getting over this shock, we headed to the dance floor. I had a good time, stayed until close. Probably won't be coming back since a club really isn't my scene.
5	I love the Marquee. Had so much fun here and I didn't have a drop of alcohol I just danced the night away holding my water glass( was recovering from previous antics but still gotta look social). Came here on a Monday night. Guestlist ladies in free and everyone the doorman the security guards the bartenders were super nice. DJ Dirty South was fun. The dance floor was crowded with people. I love Vegas cause the guys look so nice dancing in their suit jackets and slacks. Classy is good. The light show, the confetti the, glow sticks and marquee glow tubes they were handing out were fun to swing around. Everything screamed party and fun but classy. Dance! Dance! Dance! Woot! Woot! Can't wait to come back.
5	Went last night for Monday locals. Got in no problem (Thanks to a friend). It started a bit slow but by 2am was jumpin!
4	This club is fun! Has many rooms with different music to choose from. As we arrived we were professionally greeted by "DJ"- the security guard...he made us feel extremely welcomed! He described each room down to the tee....where they are located..what music they played...the type of atmosphere..etc...because of the way he greeted us...totally pumped us up to have a great night!
4	Best club I've ever been to.There's a lot of potential pitfalls, but if you just do a little bit of preparation, this place can be the venue for an awesome night out.I have gone to Tao and XS and unfortunately experienced the well-known horror story of the entrance lines for Vegas clubs.  If you just walk up to a club and try to get in, the popular clubs will make people wait up to 2 hours... which is a buzzkill (both for your alcohol level and your energy mood).This time, I made sure our entire group got pre-sale tickets.  I pushed for this heavily, and man was everyone glad I did.  When we arrived at the club, we saw a HUGE wrap-around line of people trying to get in general admission.  This was only at 11:20pm, so still relatively early.  I'm guessing those people had to wait at least an hour to get in.By getting pre-sale tickets (a hefty $50 for men, $20 for women), we bypassed the line completely and were inside the club within 30 seconds.  Awesome.  I highly, highly recommend getting the pre-sale tickets if you're a guy.Prices: Typical vegas club fare.  Cocktail for about $14-15 per person, beers are $8-10.  This is exorbitant by any normal standards, but typical for Vegas standards.While we didn't wind up getting a table, I was told that 10 people on a friday night would have a $2000 spending minimum.Now finally to the venue. It is amazing. There are 3 club levels, and the place is gigantic.  There's a main dance floor on the top level which is super crowded, with a surrounding walkway.  This is pretty much identical to the layout of XS.  However, this main dance floor has an outside pool area which is GIGANTIC and has multiple bars with plenty of space.  The top level is primarily electronic music.The middle level is smaller, but still a decent sized space for people to dance.  This room plays primarily hip-hop music.I didn't get to go to the bottom level.Throughout the night, they consolidated the rooms and made people migrate to the highest floor.  I assume this was as the club was thinning out, so they wanted the rooms to merge into one so that it still gave off the "crowded" vibe and didn't seem like the party was dying out.  I actually have to say, an excellent strategy as when club momentum is dying, people usually flee for the exits.The clientele was nice.  Obviously dressed up to a high degree, guys sometimes in suits and girls mostly in short skirts and high heels.  There is a dress code but it's not AS strict as they claim, as I saw plenty of guys in jeans and non-dress shoes.  I wouldn't risk it too much so just look somewhat nice if you'd like to get in.The women were really hot.  Just sayin'.  Also, this crowd had a very large Asian bias, which was kinda surprising.  I'm not saying that it was an asian night by any means, but I'd say the crowd was about 30-40% asian, which is pretty high for a generic club night.There are some negatives, so I can't give this place 5 stars.  The prices are exorbitant, especially the $50 cover for guys.  The drinks are super pricey so you should either be a baller and get bottle service or pre-game before coming here.The bouncers never gave me trouble at all, but I can spot douche bouncers when I see them.  I imagine they can be trouble for some more inebriated patrons.If I were asked by people which club to go to in Vegas, I would say Marquee without any hesitation.
2	We flew to Vegas from Portland, OR  to stay at the Cosmo and hear Gareth Emery as a celebration for our 8th wedding anniversary. We bought tickets for Gareth Emery online and stayed at the Cosmo (4 nights). We paid 50.00 for a guys ticket and 20.00 for mine. We are big fans of the DJ and planned our trip around this event. When we got to the club the guy said oh since you are a hotel guest, you get in free. So basically we wasted $70? Nobody told us that before. Anyways we get in and by 12 we werent allowed by security to get on the dance floor and aggressively told that we couldnt stand around but had to keep walking towards outside or another room. I told them that we are there for this dj and they didnt care. They eventually let us on the dance floor and it was dangerous...people pushing...way over the limit. We didnt stay for the entire set and we were so frustrated. There were several crowd control guys with flashlights constantly telling us to keep moving. How about telling the people to move who don't even know who the dj is? Its just not fair that fans of the dj cant even enjoy a show. We are very upset by this experience. We have been to Marquee in the past and heard ATB and others and had similar experiences but by far this was the worst.
5	Love this club!On our last night in Vegas, we were planning on gambling but decided to come here instead. Had a large group of about 16 guys and 14 girls. My friend is a promoter so luckily we got everyone in for free, and we skipped the line! YAY!Favorite part? The confetti drop (which happened twice when I was dancing) and the cool mist they blow every once in awhile.The bartenders were very nice (esp Jason!) and open bar was awesome.The outside patio area was very nice, it was not cold and loved the scenery. Too many stairs though but I thought it was really thoughtful to hand out flip flops as we left for all the girls in heels!! =) Now I have a pair of Marquee flip flops haha.
5	Had a blast here! Now when booking my bachelorette party this was included in the package but it was still a struggle to get in even with the promoter, but compared to the normal line & wait it wasn't so bad. We were taken to an elevator and went downstairs were the doors opened and we were ready to dance our asses off. First stopped at the bar for drinks and then hit the dancefloor on the main level that was playing a mix of dupstep & pop. Moved our way outside for a bit just to look around, man this place was beautiful even the restrooms were cool. We stopped in the hip hop room where we stayed and danced for awhile even though that floor was jam packed. i really had alot of fun here, so far one of my favorite clubs.
2	Leaving Las Vegas.It was like running into someone you don't much care for who is better than you remember. Smokes less. Not as drunk and obnoxious. Tolerable.But you still want the experience over immediately.Such was Vegas, where I returned for my first (and likely only) visit to Marquee.So much hype. I guess when you live in the best city in the world with two of the best clubs in the world (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ruby-skye-san-francisco#hrid:ssUu4hCdIIjyHeqILya2JQ and http://www.yelp.com/biz/mighty-san-francisco#hrid:6JtZVbPB0HCMop8tzKzIQQ) you're not as easily impressed.Cool visuals. Plenty of confetti. Good sound. Nice staff. Outside area to lounge.In other words no better than home. And back home smoking is not allowed, drinks are half the price, the crowd energy is more positive and there isn't some stupid rule requiring guys to wear dress shoes.Love dress shoes. Just not when dancing. This isn't a wedding.Best part of the experience? Being reminded just how good we have it in the city by the bay.
4	*Review for Nightclub ONLYAlright, I know that there are 1100+ reviews for this place, but why should you read mine..? Bundles and bundles of TIPS, that's why!!First of all, I have been here twice-- once with a table to watch Kaskade and the second time without a table to watch Dirty South. Tips (especially for the guys):1. If it is within your price range, get a table. Please. Get. A. Table. A table in the Boombox room/Library/outside will run you $1,000 minimum in alcohol and bottles, but don't forget to tack on the outrageous 38.1% all-inclusive tax (entertainment tax, gratuity, more tax, etc etc). Our table's base with tax ran us $1381, but it was for my birthday, so it was worth it. We had a table of 6 and everyone pitching around $250 is more than worth it. Remember that cover will run you $50-$80, tack on 5 drinks at $20 a piece, and you start nearing what you would pay with splitting a table!2a. If you elect to splurge on a table, the Boombox room is a great time; however, your party's interests may differ. The Library was calm and much more reserved, whereas the Boombox room offered hip-hop/top 40 and several more tables. The main room where the EDM DJ headlines will run you around $2500-$3000 minimum in bottles...absolutely ridiculous. Unless you win a nice chunk of change at the tables, this one is tough to swing. 2b. For a table reservation, we went through a promoter by the name of Amber Anderson and she was fantastic with securing our reservation, contacting us, and answering all of our questions in the days leading up to our reservation. I am sure that if you contacted Cosmopolitan concierge, they could give you her number and information. She even automatically placed us on the guest list for the Dayclub the next day where Dirty South & friends happened to be headlining.2c. If in the Boombox room, request Bahara as your table host. She is Kim Kardashian's twin, no joke. She offered fantastic service and deserved every bit of her gratuity. 3. If you elect not to get a table, get there early. I know it sucks to cut short your pre-gaming time in the room or wherever you may be, but getting there early will ensure that you get in Marquee in a timely manner and with a potentially smaller cover fee (especially with big headliners such as the aforementioned). When I say "early," I'm talking no later than 9:40 or so. As always, a positive ratio of women to men (at least 2:1, we had 3:1) will help you, along with contacting a promoter or getting on the guest list. 4. No matter how drunk and unruly you may feel, be extra nice to security and the bouncers. I've heard other stories about people getting tossed from here for simply disagreeing with security. 5. BIG TIP: If you want to have ANY chance of being on the dance floor for when the headliner steps up in the booth around 1:00, you need to secure your spot on the floor no later than 11:30. Try to go to the bathroom beforehand as once you leave the dance floor, good luck even getting back into the main room (the bouncers won't have that). Security shuts off the dance floor and you could miss your favorite DJ, so get there before 11:30! 6. Not a tip, but this place can put on a damn show! SENSORY OVERLOAD. Incredible laser/light shows, LOVED the confetti drop (I'm easy to thrill, apparently), and the blasts of cold air alleviated the 174 degree heat on the dance floor. Don't forget the bubbles and EVENMORECONFETTI.7. Following your EDM-coma, hit up Secret Pizza on the third floor. Perfect ending to a night of endless dancing and boozing.
5	Ok, so this review is only based on one Monday night... but it was such a great night...Marquee Monday is where it's at. Girls in for free, and if you meet a promoter and have enough girls:guys, they'll get in free too. Open bar from 10-11pm. When we went, only one floor was open (the elevator man said there's usually 2 other floors?) but that one floor was plenty fun for me. It was a little dead at first, but our large group just had fun sitting outside enjoying the open bar. The dance floor started to pick up later on in the night, and there was about a 1 hour window where it was perfect - full, but not too crowded. Great DJ that night, and lots of interactive elements!! Occasional blasts of air, confetti dropping, tons of bubbles filling the dance floor, huge glow sticks everywhere, fun lights, etc. I had no sense of time while here, but there was that inevitable moment when the dance floor got so packed you literally could not move. I repeat, LITERALLY COULD NOT MOVE. It was horrible. But the place was so large there were plenty of other areas to peruse and hang out. Wish there were more places to sit, and yea drinks were expensive, but the $13-$15 well drink price seems pretty standard no matter where you go in Vegas. At the end of the night, they were apparently passing out flip flops to the ladies!! What an ingenious idea!!
2	Marquee is a good nightclub in Vegas. Great venue. It's new and trendy. But it's over crowded. Dance floor is small. I like how you can go outside and inside. The main room plays too much house music. Had a friend who was on the guestlist and still paid 80 dollars to get in. Its a great experience if you have a table and If you want a table you have to book months in advance. It's good to experience this type of environment once in awhile but it's not a place I would go to regularly.
3	Sexy? Yes.  Expensive? Yes. Hot? Yes.  Crowded? Please, not even funny.  Overall this second experience here was pretty cool not as awesome as the first time but still a good time with great people.  I will say that if you don't have bottle service this place is hard to post up at a single spot.  Be willing to work your way to the prime time spots in the crowd and be ready to sweat because when he beat is jumping so is everybody else!
4	We just happened to be at Marquee on Party Rock Monday (good timing), so we had a great time up until it started getting crazzzyyy packed on the dance floor. Great tunes before Red Foo came out, top 40 and hip hop mashups, unlike last time I was here when it was strictly house music.We were not hardcore enough to stick it out on the dancefloor to wait for Red Foo, so we lost our spot and couldn't get back on the dancefloor when he eventually came out. Security were desperately trying to keep the crowds moving out of the too-narrow walkway surrounding the dancefloor.I like that they keep the patio open even when it's too cold to be outside. There's enough heat lamps to keep you warm though.The Library was playing some good music as well in the beginning of the night. I STILL need to come back another night and check out the Boom Box; it's always closed when I go!
5	Best Club in Las Vegas for sure!!!My friend and I recently went to Las Vegas and literally "stumbled" upon this club and my oh my was it the best discovery ever. Yes there was a huge line, yes the club was packed inside and yes the drinks are expensive but almost every other club in Vegas is. Luckily, females get more privileges than guys but this happens in all party cities. The dance floor was great, music even better. I danced and danced until my feet hurt. The club is open until the wee hours of the morning so we really enjoyed ourselves. Definitely a must-do club on a Monday night in Vegas!
5	The best club I've ever been to in Vegas although I've only been to a handful. I loved the different locations and atmospheres throughout the club and it was all over the top!  A must experience place!
3	My friends and I went to marquee around 11:00- 11:30 which is obviously a bad time for this nightclub knowing after open bar was from 10-11:00. I don't understand why open bar is for an hour. But for the most part, it was a good vibe. Alot of "messy" drunk people. I understand of wanting to have a good time, but some people were sloppy drunk!! Its a big place, alot of room on the dance floor, but it's confusing from getting to the dance floor, to outside, to the bathroom, to the bar, and back again. Even then I still couldn't find my friends for a good 15 min. The drink prices were high but strong so we didn't need that much to get buzzed. Marquee is a fun nightclub, I just don't know if Marquee would be my friest choice for nightclubs.
4	Insane, downright insane. The crowd had to be on something,all of them.  If you go, make sure you have  one aim and one aim only- to have a darn good time because it is all everyone is there to do. The hype is well, real - You can tell when you're  in one. I can't stand hype, so I tend to analyze and reanalyze, but this was warranted. I have to say that the crowd was a good genteel set, no low brows ass grabbing spitting beings here. They were insane, but comfortable to be with. The lighting----is hard to be beat. Its like lighting on steroids. Amazing job with that. The DJ (I was in the EDM side) was not bad, worse thing you can do to me is get into electronic, and just leave the damn cuts running like even I can do it on any given afternoon (kidding, no I can't ;) but still) So, I can say that the DJ was good enough, not terribly exciting, but fine. Its classiness comes with a price. $50 for men. Unless of course, you have a room at the Cosmo, in which case its free. Thats enough a reason already. That, and no cabs after. This club is big in an odd way. Its stacked, with many sections, and the main room opens up to the pool area, which REALLY helps coz thats how many people are in there. The fresh air is a welcome breeze, and makes for a laid back vibe if you so choose it.Their exit stairs, however, is just horrendous. They throw you out of the club like cattle, walking mercilessly down three floors on metal fire exit stairs. And with heels---this was just a torture.Would I recommend it? Sure. For its pure energy, its gold.
4	Venue is amazingDJ's are always greatSecurity is good tooBartenders:Jackie: really nice makes good drinks!Briana: she's cool too...but the important thing is she makes good drinks!Gonzalo: is a little second grader who thinks he's selling 15 dollar juice at his little juice stand
4	amazing venue and DJ's.Tips for girls:-get on the guest list, no wait, free drinks from 11pm-12pm .-secure your spot on the dance floor by 11:30pm , security shuts off the dance floor after that.love their outdoor patio area,but dance floors are small.
3	Very good looking crowd and very nice modern and hip club in the Cosmopolitan hotel.  I liked the vibe and the music but a bit young for me.  The crowd seemed to be predominantly in the early to mid 20's and I am more comfortable with a crowd in the mid 30's,
5	Love this place. I've been here many times and for some reason I never get tired of Marquee. The service is always great. I came here about two weeks ago, Tom, who looks like Ford, was very professional in handling all the people going in/out of the dance floor. I've been to many other clubs and usually those people are jerks and tend to push you. The DJ's playing there are always great. I saw Dirty South recently and it was definitely a night to remember. Amazing, amazing, amazing!
5	The four or five times that I've been screwed over in getting into Marquee (for various laughable reasons of all sorts) somehow made me appreciate this place even more, despite the fact that I never made it in here.  Once I actually made it in here, all I can say is that hype is worth it.Venue is amazing, no doubt about it.  Obviously there's the library and boombox, but it's all about EDM floor.  If you have an irrational love for EDM, this is most OBVIOUSLY your place.  Dat LED wall is absolutely mesmerizing.  I just hope that everyone gets chance to see their favorite artist lay down some beats because it's an experience you don't forget.  Plus their go-go dancers are super duper coordinated, it's so entrancing!Getting in here is a pain in the ass, especially for guys.  Just make sure you roll with girls, they're ridiculously strict on the 1:1 ratio.  But hey, at least it keeps the place from being a sausagefest.  And if you can get on the good with a promoter here, all the better.Mixed drinks are $15 if I recall this correctly, which is totally fine by me because I'm just used to it by now.  I would probably stop drinking though around 12 AM-1 AM because once someone comes on the stage, that floor gets PACKED.  Like, you better post up on your position because if you leave it, it's gone forever.  I ain't gonna be dashing for the bathroom while laying down the moves.After the club, Secret Pizza.  Done and done.
4	Maqruee is an AMAZING nightclub. I've only been here at night. I wouldn't mind coming back to see what Marquee is like during the day. The LED DJ booth they have is legit. I was there when the EC Twins were doing on a show on Christmas Eve. Probably the coolest Christmas Eve I've had. They were fantastic live!The club is an awesome venue. With their boombox and library rooms. We were lucky enough to get a table near the DJ booth. Service was great too. Drinks were what you'd expect to pay for in Vegas. But really, it was all about that LED DJ Booth and banging DJs.
2	Went back to my favorite Vegas club in the winter but I regret it. While I love how open this club is, they decided to shut down the outside area as we walked in. Just imagine, a regular marquee crowd...only half the space. It was PACKED and WAY too hot. After this experience, I cant really deny the looming reality of Marquee any longer. The dance floor is just way too small. Yes it's cool dancing shoulder to shoulder sometimes, but not here. It's just not fun. They HAVE to remodel the dance floor. You cannot have major headliners perform with such a small dance floor.Chuckie, one of my favorite club DJ's, was spinning which would lead some to assume that I would have a great night. But his set was...just awful. He wasn't even playing to the crowd. Bring me the Chuckie from 2 years ago!The one saving grace was, believe it or not, the bartenders.  They were really friendly and very unlike a typical Vegas bartender.
3	Marquee is just okay. The dance floors are too small and it gets TOO packed that I don't really enjoy going. Also, on the hip hop floor they don't play very good music. Womp womp. Drinks are over priced (just like everywhere in Vegas -_-), but they probably have the best cosmos I've ever had in my life. If you're in a group of girls (just girls only), you might score a FREE table with FREE drinks!! Just make sure you and your girls stay at the table though, bc if you don't, they'll kick you out of it just as quickly as they gave it to you. -_-boo.
2	I went to Marquee and did not enjoy my experience.  We had gone to XS, Surrender, Hyde, and Haze throughout our week in Vegas, and had bottles every night.  That being said, the issue with Marquee is that there is no air of exclusivity, in that, the line is very long, but it seems like by the end of the night every single person that was in line is packed into the club like a bunch of dying fish.  We went on the night Chuckie was performing, and it literally took 30 minutes to explore this massive club (due to the sardine factor).  Even with a bottle, we were not having a very good time.  Our bottle waitresses were rude, and they decided to close down our section (after paying nearly $800 for our single bottle of Belvedere).  They offered to move us but since we had a quarter of a bottle left, and we were nearly out, they basically said buy another one and we'll move you, and if not we'll just stare at you till you feel pressured enough to leave.  I very nicely approached them in their staring contest and let them know I did not appreciate their staring contest, to which they insisted it was not what it seemed and continued to stare at us.    I have had Skyboxes at LIV, have tables 2-3 times a week here in DC, have been to Vegas 3 times in the past year, gone to clubs in NYC (near where I grew up) constantly, and have never had a more pompous and underwhelming experience.  I am sure if you come here with $5k-10k to spend you will have a wonderful time, but for that money, I would hop a flight to Miami, and go to LIV, which I will continue to argue is the best nightclub in the world (especially their skyboxes), as there is an air to exclusivity and service that is simply incomparable to any other experience I have ever had.  All of my friends decided that Hyde @ Bellagio is the perfect place for us in Vegas, they are more reasonable, more exclusive, and the view can't be beat, inside and out.    Also people seem to be there to have a great time, not just say they went there.  Skip this place, not like you will, as everyone says it's the greatest club in the world, and inevitably you will make the same mistake we made...
5	This is the number one spot in Vegas. I had the best time here. The library is where we were seated. We had our own bouncer for our table. Worth every benjamin!
1	I will never go to and/or support a club that kicks legends like Mark Farina off the decks. Vaffanculo Marquee. http://stoneyroads.com/mark-farina-kicked-decks-house-event/
3	Fun times.  Table boombox room.  Bouncer/service was good.Just too much money to spend.  3 of us probably spent close to $3K total.$700 bottles of champagne that's 60 bucks at the stores...yeah its the table and all but still.  all good, that's how we do it in vegas!
5	As one of the premiere clubs in LV, Marquee is definitely one of the places to be at least once during your trip. I suggest getting in touch with someone who knows someone to get you a table (if you want bottle service) or at least to waive the cover if you aren't planning on a bottle. Of course, having a good ratio never hurts either.Trying to navigate the entry line can be a bit confusing, but just keep walking toward the elevator and prepare for an experience. Upon arriving on the nightclub floor, you can feel the bass even before exiting the elevator. Follow your hostess to your table (or just make your way to the dance floor/bar) and have at it! The tables are spread around the floor, throughout the club, and depending on which you decide on, can give you a sense of superiority over everyone else in the club. You can even have your own security guard who holds the key to your private bathroom. While the dance floor has multiple ramps for ingress and egress, it can get pretty packed, so get ready to push your way through if you're set on a particular area. No matter where you are, though, you can embellish in the confetti and CO2 dispensers (a nice way to cool off in the crowd). The DJ booth is at a good height, as are the platforms for background dancers who add a nice touch to the ambiance.
3	Ugh, Marquee...I've been here a handful of times and I just never have a good time here. I'm not exactly sure why, but XS is just so much more superior than Marquee!Even though I don't like Marquee, I always end up coming here when I go to Vegas. I don't know why. Maybe because we are always forgiving and hoping Marquee will prove us wrong. So far, nope. Out of all the times I've been here, I've only had a remotely good time twice. Once when I went with my boyfriend and his friends and they got a table - it's always fun when you have a table, lol. And the last time I came here (couple weekends ago) when Sander van Doorn was playing was the only time I had a remotely good time here. Still, meh..I prefer XS.Marquee is located in the Cosmopolitan and I will admit that the venue is really nice. It gets pretty crowded though and the walkway is kind of narrow, so I don't like that about this club since it results in everyone pushing and shoving so they don't get separated from their group - doesn't help when everyone is drunk, too. Ugh. The outdoor area is pretty nice and I actually prefer to be out there than inside. There are a lot of cabanas and a nice pool. I hear their Dayclub is a lot better than their Nightclub, so I'm definitely looking forward to checking that out to compare.Aside from all this, the thing I hate most about Marquee are those damn STAIRS TO GET IN. Gawwwwwd. MARQUEE IS NOT GIRL-FRIENDLY, I TELL YOU! There are like a million flights of stairs you need to climb before you get into the actual club. WTF?! By the time I get in there, my feet are already hurting. Ugh. They have elevators to get from floor to floor (they have different levels which is a cool concept) but they only let some people use it...L;HKADH0-9DAIHDP'HODK I can't.In short, I don't plan on coming back here because my feet will hurt..unless it's for Dayclub in the summer. If my friends really want to go though, I'll go with the flow.
4	pregame. pregame like you've never pregamed before. HARD bc the cover is hefty!! also for the gents make sure you wear dress shoes.. i seen some kid get deaded w his converses LOLLL!!!! but, not even gonna front, place was pretty poppin! make sure you're with people that go ham as well, i mean this is vegas after-all. can't be havin ppl come here and expect to fall asleep by midnight, nah mean!!!! don't hate on this spot it's pretty good.. like i said, just go w ppl that are down for whateverrrrrrrrr ;)
2	Came her the first time, I wasn't impressed. Came here again last weekend, and I probably won't come again. For all the money you drop in this place, you think the service would be better. 1st time, 4 of us dropped $2000 on 3 bottles, because, that night was a "3-bottle minimum." girls dropped the bottles, at the same time, and never came back. No security keeping people from taking a seat at the table or stopping by and doing the things you'd expect at a high end club. It also took for ever just to get into VIP. This weekend, While the door douches decided whether admission was $30 or $50, I finally got in walked up to the bitchiest bartender I've ever met and got some no name Tequila. I didnt even think to ask for a specific brand, because usually high end clubs don,t even carry XXX tequila.  On the bright side, the music was cool and the crowd was chill. On this particular Friday it seemed to be an Asian night of sorts but that's neither here not there. It could be that people set the expectations for this place so high they're destined to be disappointed or the folks that run this place think its better than it is. If The money is going to be spent anyway, I'd spend it at the Wynn.
3	This review is for Marquee's Dayclub.First of all, I don't know how the world I even got in.  I don't even remember paying.There was this group in front of mine of like 4 guys.  I swear, they looked like some foreign soccer team or something.  They might've been One Direction.  I don't know.  But they were all chiseled and crap.  Looked like freakin' Chippindales.Enough of that though.  Remember in my previous review how I said the bouncers can be overly strict?  They take it to a whole different level here, but that's probably because well... the women are wearing a lot less than they would at night.  Unless they went commando at night.  I don't know.Oh yeah, now I remembered why I got in.  Our girl-guy ratio was 6 women to 2 guys.  Yeaah boiii!The vibe here though is much more chill than say Wet Republic.  At Wet Republic I felt that it was party non-stop.  You do get that vibe here, but I just felt like lying on my pool bed and enjoying myself.If you can get in, good club.  Still though, I much prefer the awesomeness of Marquee's nightlife.
1	Marquee sucks. pretty simple. the designers of this club were on "bottle service" crack. ie the place is ONLY set up for people paying $1000 per bottle at a table. Dance floor is TINY, my living room is bigger. Try and walk from point a to point b, NOT happening, unless you are a linebacker with an attitude. Why they design these clubs like this is mind blowing. And the exit? come on guys, 5 flights of steel stairs in the back alleys of the Cosmo. are you f-in kidding me. never again, unless you are with 5-10 peeps and ready to spend at least $4,000.
3	My friends and I had a pretty good time, but in large part because we were able to get in for free. It's normally $50 for guys (!) and $20 for girls, which is just ridiculous, but whatever. And the way they have you get into the place IS weird! Going up and down all these stairs and whatnot. But once I got in I liked all their different rooms and areas. They had a smallish dancefloor and bar right when you get in, and they have the main massive floor and stage which opens up to the pool area, which was pretty impressive. Then they have a small "library" on the uppermost floor that was mostly pay tables and seating areas, but also has a pool table, fireplace and a teeny dancefloor. They do have shelves going all the way around with actual books, and the female servers are rocking the sexy librarian look, which was pretty funny. But they were playing some mellow hip-hop and funk, which was a nice break from all the EDM shenanigans in the other areas and we ended up finishing up our very late night here. One thing to note about this area: unisex bathrooms. Which sounds all egalitarian and whatever until you happen to go toward the end of the evening and find that someone (probably male) had peed ALL OVER the toilet, floor, and possibly the walls--EW. The rest of the bathrooms are safely segregated.It happened to be a super-busy weekend because DJ Dirty South was in town and the place was PACKED. Unless you buy one of their stupid tables or were manning a spot on the dancefloor since the place opened there was really nowhere to hang out, and you were constantly being forced to move by the security goons and their little flashlights. We'd found a nice little corner by the stage during the main set but were of course shooed out of there after about 30 min and had to wander around the club like displaced Israelites for the rest of the night. Hanging around outside wasn't too great either because it was so cold. I can't imagine how crazy this place must get during the summertime. Anyway, since I don't frequent places like this it was certainly an interesting experience, and my friends and I made the most of it. The best part was we were staying in the hotel so we were just a short elevator ride away from our beds!
4	This place is said to be one of the best nightclubs in Vegas. I'm not much of a club person, I prefer bars. We ran into one of the promoters walking around the Cosmo and he gave us free entrance and put our name on the VIP list. This saved us about $30 each for cover charge. In addition, we got free drinks from 8-11pm (something like that) which saved us a lot more money. However, it was really hard to get a drink because the club was just so packed. Ladies, don't wear 8in stilettos unless you plan on throwing down for a table. This place has a ton of stairs and even in my 3 inch heels my feel were killing me. We waited for Red Foo of LMFAO to perform and then got the hell out of there. Would I go back? Maybe. Next time I might try a different club or throw down some major money for a table. It was just too packed.
2	First of all, it's a great venue with the best dancers and some of the best visuals and designs in all the nightclubs I've seen. For a nightclub, the drinks weren't too bad. What really grinds my gears is the crowdedness of the entire place. Get there at 11pm and the entire place is full and you can't even walk and you get yelled at by security because you're standing in the walkways. My bad, I can't walk because the place is far over the capacity but I get scolded because I'm a decent human being and I won't shove my way through? Whatever. The hip-hop floor wasn't really the best for dancing, more for relaxing which really bummed me out. The house floor was crazy crowded but it was more fun than the hip-hop floor. Marquee needs to lay off the crazy smoke machines. Go ahead, shoot carbon dioxide in a crowd of people in a small space; who the hell needs oxygen anyways...
4	So much fancy fun! Had a table here to celebrate Christmas and my birthday and did they come through, or what! We had our own private area roomy enough for our party to dance in. We were in the Boombox part of the club (lower level) where mainly hiphop - old and new - was being played.  There was a moment when the speakers, or some type of connection, blew as we were without music for nanoseconds. Weird to experience that in a Vegas club, but hey, I understand glitches happen.  In any case, we had a blast. Our Security prob did a better job than the hostess with keeping our party happy, as he made sure we didn't fall stepping up steps while on our six inch heels. MmHmmm...Drop by here to surround yourself around good drinks, dope music and beautiful people. You won't regret it!
4	I thought this place was really fun!We came here on our last night in Vegas.  We were on the guestlist so we got in for free. I heard it's pricy if you have to pay.There were a lot of stairs, so ladies beware, especially with those high heels we all love to wear! There were two main floors that I was on.  The house/edm dancefloor and the hip hop and r&b level.This place was packed, and there was a good ratio of girls to guys (even though there were more guys, but its better than when there are about 10 guys to 1 girl!). I mainly stayed on the hip hop floor and it was amazing. Near the end the dj stopped spinning for a good two minutes and suddenly edm music came on. The crowd was so mad and yelling that it finally went back to hip hop!This place it a hit and miss for some people, but I think it really depends on the type of music you like.  I enjoyed myself because there was hip hop that night. I recommend you check this place out for yourself. I definitely want to go back :)
4	Marquee brings incomparable talent! I am a huge EDM fan and in my opinion Marquee brings the best DJs. I went there both Friday and Saturday night this past weekend and I have been twice before. Bottle service is the best way to go if you can afford it because the club and especially the dance floor get PACKED quickly. This is the reason that Marquee lost a star from me. It is almost unbearable to stay and dance when they let too many people in. I go for the dj and the music and my experience is ruined when I am being shoved and bumped into. I wish they would control that better. On the plus side the decor is great and it is clean. They set off a lot of confetti which is always fun and the go-go dancers are great. Girls should definitely get on a guest list to get in free, and it can cost a lot for guys depending on who is DJing. But then again, everything in Vegas costs a lot for guys. If you stay at the Cosmo and arrive at the club early you can get 2 people in free with your room ticket. Something I discovered this weekend is that you can enter from both the second and third floors but if you enter from the third floor there is no elevator so be prepared to walk up a lot of stairs. The vibe is very energetic and everyone seems like they are there to have a good time and not cause any problems. There are plenty of bars so it usually doesn't take long for drinks. There was an open bar for girls from 10-11 on Saturday so that was a definite plus and there still was not a wait to order a drink. This is currently one of the best spots in Vegas and despite the fact that it gets over-crowded you definitely need to check this spot out if you love EDM.
3	I get the appeal of Marquee (Nightclub).  It's definitely a swanky club, and the sound system (in the main room) as well as the gigantic LED screen makes it a perfect venue for the bigger acts to dj.  But for such a large venue to only have 3 rooms (plus an outdoor patio area - which btw - doesn't matter much when it's zero degrees and the heat lamps aren't working) - one of which is more of a lounge (the Library) - it just doesn't make sense.The lower level room plays hip hop & r&b and while the music really is great, by midnight you are like a pack of sardines. I get it - that's the ways dance clubs are these days - but isn't the whole point to be able to dance too? Just sayin'.Another strike against Marquee - why oh why would you make each floor (and the exit) only accessible by STAIRS? Drunk people (esp girls in 4"+ heels, myself included) + walking DOWN 4 flights of stairs = a disaster (and lawsuit) waiting to happen.  Tip: Be careful walking up and down the stairs. And wear deodorant. :)
2	$50 to climb 6 flights of stairs? Strike 1. Terrible use of space so I feel like a sardine. Strike 2. $18 for a well rum and coke??? Strike 3. At least the music was good. I will never be back here. XS is right next door and 10x better.
3	Heard from a bunch of friends that this place was amazing, but when it got down to it...especially around New Years that this place is probably not the place to go if you want to get your dance on. Was one of the first people into the club and the decor was very nice. Three floors with the 2nd floor being the main one where the DJ is at. All three floors have a bar with the top floor having a pool table as well. I'm giving this place three stars because I wanted to dance lots more, but I couldn't because the main floor had reached capacity on the dance floor. They didn't let anyone through. It was super disappointing. Granted I was able to dance for a good hour and had left to check out the other floors, but I was peeved that 30 minutes later, I would no longer be able to dance there. It was a crazy place to be. Their security crew had to keep people moving and there was no place to sit or even lean against (because there were people lined up against the wall) unless you had bought a table. Well boo you Marquee! Other notes: They have a photobooth by the coat check if you want to take pictures there. That's free. Coat check was $5.
1	I had 2 tables set up for the night, everything was going great until i went to the bathroom. i tripped over something and two of the employees there saw me mis-step (  diddnt fall or anything just tripped over my shoe lace ) and pulled me aside to talk. they asked me why i just " stumbled" , how much i drank ect. ect. . i was being as polite as possible but then they asked for my ID and told me to follow them. they escorted me outside of the hotel and diddnt let me back into the venue. i bought two tables +bottle service and was ejected from the venue. i would never ever ever come back here ever again. i guess they have a zero  tolerance policy for any behavior they dont like. i just cant believe how rude and non-understanding they are Employee names: Cole & Shane
5	I've decided to give this place 5 stars because when it comes down to it, I'd rather be partying here or at XS. Guest list closed at 12 am, my girls and I weren't even on guest list but we were so bored from Tao we decided to spur of the momently go to Marquee because it seemed much more fun. We didn't make the guest list and almost had to pay $20....but please, when I go to Vegas, I do not ever want to pay unless it deals with food, shopping and a hotel. So basically we got in free.  So glad we came here because the crowd was MUCH MUCH BETTER! We went straight to the hip hop floor and just had the time of our lives! (Ok totally exaggerating...but whatever).
5	Went on a Monday night and this place was packed! Thank goodness we had a VIP table with bottle service and our own space to party! You can dance on the booths and over all they just promoted a damn good time. Drinks were strong, DJ was awesome and those foam/noodle glow sticks were a great addition. Not sure how it is any other night, but everyone is here on Mondays!
4	I have mixed feelings about Marquee...Very popular nightclub with a good crowd and great EDM music (as well as a hip hop/top 40 area too). The legit DJs however make it so that guys have to pay a significant amount of moneys to get in w/o hook-ups - $50 ticket cover for my guy friends in our group. But Krewella was amazing. Probably one of the best dance seshes that night. THE LAZERSSS! We were also right up against the DJ, not too hard to get up there before midnight which is cool, well aside from the crazy amount of stairs there are...Drinks were quite intense - $80 for a round I paid for about 5 drinks...given they are legit, but $15 for a red bull vodka? Oi...also, security guards were quite unforgiving...One girl in our party was making a phone call to the bf in the stall, and when we noticed she was gone, she was kicked out of the building - no, no, not the club...the Cosmo...WUT. Apparently they thought she was doing some illicit activity because she took too long and never gave her side of the story a chance. :(  Well, being the good friends we were, we decided to keep her company that night instead of returning to the club.Tips before coming back: get hook-ups, can buy tix the night of for less ($20 off!), pre-party for sure, don't take too long in the bathroom when security guards are outside
5	Great crowd, great DJ, and lots of space. It was warm out when we went, so it was nice to spend time outside, where there were small swing-things, a pool, and lots of places to sit. Everyone was really friendly and nice and enthusiastic about dancing. It was definitely my favorite club in Vegas.The smaller room was uncomfortably hot and crowded, but the main dance room was really great.The only bad thing that a lot of other reviewers have also touched on are the stairs. Christ, the metal stairs you have to climb are horrendous. It feels like you're walking through some sort of dingy warehouse, and then there are like, 3 more flights of stairs once you actually get into the club to even reach the main room. My feet were dying by the end of the night.
5	My favorite favorite favorite Vegas club! What can I say.. from the djs that play here, the decor, the crowd, the bottle service, the memories, the blackout nights... LOVES! Marquee is located in the beautiful cosmopolitan, so everything from dancefloors to bathrooms are super super gorgeous.Make sure you contact some good promoters though, as the lines seem to get pretty crazy. The last time I went there and left at 2am (had a trade show to attend the second morning at 8am) there was still a LONG line waiting to get in. A little ridiculous...Security are actually nice and friendly if you're not falling all over drunk/trying to start fights/starting fights/trying shady things.A must go for me every vegas trip. This includes work related trips :P
5	The ice at Marquee is incredible! I experimented with a clear-red mixed drink, and contained in the mix with all the other ice cubes (which were fair in quality), was a mock ice CUBE OF LIGHT. The drink encompassed a translucent cube with a white, self-powered light inside, thereby lighting up the entire drink! This faux ice cube illuminated the red cocktail with a white-to-pink glow, overall contributing to quite a delectable experience in itself. I'll assign 5 stars to Marquee's business for its modern, technological, and innovative flair in ice artistry. Bravo.
1	Worst club in Las Vegas. Shitty music, small dance floors, overpriced EVERYTHING.
4	MARQUEE NIGHT CLUBOverall: This place is as beautiful as you can imagine it, but I think it's a bit overhyped. It's definitely one of those places that you have to visit at least once because the outdoor view is unimaginable. It would also be nice if you had a lot of money to shell out and grab one of those cabanas to sit on. The lights, and trees and well lit buildings surrounding the club is beautiful, but I don't like how there are 3 floors. I liked how they did have different music on each floor that consist of techno, rap and a calmer billiard room (Library room), but I felt like my feet were going to fall off walking up and down those stairs throughout the whole night in 5 inch heels. Near the end of the night, I even tripped walking down the stairs once (super dangerous!) Besides the main floor, which is already scattered, the other rooms are really tiny as well. I'm also not a big fan of techno... I mean, I like the music, but it's hard to dance to it. Too bad most of the clubs nowadays have techno DJ's playing. I'm glad I was able to dance to the rap music in the smaller room for the short time I was there.Drinks: EXPENSIVE! Obviously, club prices + Las Vegas = expensive, but add convention weekend = might as well just give away free money because you're going to be broke that night anyways. I remember paying $80 for 5 shots, and $30 for 3 beers. That's just ridiculous, but I'm not going to complain. It was just ridiculous especially since that weekend guys had to pay $50 dollars regardless (we went Friday and the girls got in for free, but if it was Saturday the weekend I went, girls would have to pay $30).
4	I hate house music but I love Marquee's hip-hop room even though it can get insanely crowded. It's my safe haven away from the "noise" downstairs.Last time I was there, they passed out slippers to all the ladies at the end of the night which fit PERFECTLY! It was funny watching all the ladies snatch it from the worker handing them out. Poor guy. I was one of them haha.. .GIMME THAT!!
4	If someone were to ask me what the number 1 club in Vegas is I would probably say either Marquee or XS.. If you want to see a lot of pretty people then Cosmopolitan is the place to go.. It's new, hip and classy. which is also how you could describe Marquee.. They always have awesome headliners specifically in EDM genre... But if you don't like house or electronic music.. fear not! they also have a room for hip hop... The venue is pretty and they have a large out door area which is important.. Of course drinks are pricey here so I suggest pre-gaming elsewhere.. We got bottle service here once when Dash Berlin was spinning and the cocktail servers were very sweet and nice and kept our drinks flowing...If you need to get on the guest list i suggest contacting a VIP host.. we were helped by Bof and he made sure everything ran smoothly.. ;]]]As many people have mentioned.. the stairs SUCK SUCK SUCK. drunk people + high heels + lots of stairs = no bueno.
4	I've heard great things about Marquee, but just like when I was at XS, I Think that I would have had more fun on a night where a less famous DJ was there-we ended up going on a night that Benny Benassi was there... It was cool to be there, but we couldn't see and it felt like we were being cattle herded around with no where to go.  Through all the cattle herding though, we got to see the layout of the club.  With less restrictions on a more normal night, I think the Marquee could be a lot more fun... Ladies, watch out for those stairs
5	As much trashing as this club gets, people forget that it's Vegas current elite. You expect top notch VIP service without paying a grip? Thats kind of funny.Can't have anything bad to say about this club. Came here in March 2012, got a table for 9 guys (celebrated 2 birthday parties), got 4 bottles, and one of the best hostess ever. Of course, was NOT cheap but worth the money.Came back in October for Halloween with just my gf (whom I met at Marquee in March) and hey guess what?! The host hooked it up with FREE VIP entrance, no cost, no line, no wait! Had an amazing night both trips and most def coming back with my same hostess. So if you are considering a high end club that's considered the best among the best, you always have to account for Marquee!  remember to ask for Stephanie T. with referral from Anthony for bottle service (a must have at this club, especially for guys).
5	No, seriously. This is the best club in Vegas, no question.  The promoter we went through (CJ) was definitely the most professional and helpful promoter I have ever worked with. HIGHLY recommended. Benny Benassi was there last night, which was awesome, but it meant that the main floor crowded up pretty quickly. By midnight they weren't letting people onto the main dance floor anymore. But there was still plenty of room to dance, plus the lower hip hop floor, which is my favorite part anyway. HOT men (hot women too), hot music, just a goooood time all around.
2	Came here over X-mas weekend with the lady friend. If you want to dance or even walk around don't even think about it. The only way to do that is to get a table. As other yelpers have stated be careful walking down the stairs.  When I was here SVD was playing a gig and we couldn't watch it on the main floor because there was a mosh pit of bodies blocking all paths. We left after 1 hour because the place is not safe and a bad vibe. The one positive I will give Marquee is that the bouncers are very friendly and courteous. I was impressed with their cool demeanor and they were nothing like the typical meat head bouncer that push their weight around. I think XS and Pure are better venues because they don't fill the club to fire hazard conditions.
5	My favorite club on the strip! Marquee is where you go when you want to party hard. Great music, lots of places to hang out, good crowd, strong drinks! The patio is tented in the winter and I wish more clubs would do this. Its a pain to get in, 5 lines at the front door, 3 lines upstairs, who knows what elsewhere. The best video and laser show and the best waitress' (and costumes!!)
5	Oh yeah, one of my favorite spots in Vegas.  Last visit a large group of us got 2 cabanas side by side on the left side of the pool area.  This gave us plenty of space to ourselves when it got crowded.  If you're planning to do some serious partying, then I suggest you get a cabana at the pool or a table/booth in the club, it's worth every penny.  A few pics of the cabana when we arrived:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/marquee-nightclub-and-dayclub-las-vegas?select=wKgLxE9Xb0sw278ESVEXIQ#wKgLxE9Xb0sw278ESVEXIQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/marquee-nightclub-and-dayclub-las-vegas?select=SAwNvzYuXhyOk5M1FkToEA#SAwNvzYuXhyOk5M1FkToEAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/marquee-nightclub-and-dayclub-las-vegas?select=zAh8t6bsDY7A16S4qn85-g#zAh8t6bsDY7A16S4qn85-gWe arrived early and got in before it got crazy busy.  Throughout the night, we went through several bottles of Goose.  We left around 2 am and the party was still going strong....ahhh, I miss living in Vegas!Total damage: $3,000 ea for the Cabanas (inc 1 bottle ea), 6 more bottles @ $500 ea + Tip.....I think we spent $11,000 total.  Not bad for an epic night out.Return Factor - 100%
5	It was packed on a Monday night.  We went on Saturday as well and they opened up other rooms.  The main area is techno, but they have a hip hop room as well.  A trendy fun place to visit.
3	Finally made my way here after a long day of walking the strip! Was looking forward to coming here so i had high expectations! had a friend get me on the guest list which saved me some cash on the entrance fee woo hoo! thanks Shaun! now its really gorgeous walking thru the cosmopolitan to get to marquee and me and my girl couldn't wait to get our boogie on but by the time we were behind the red ropes it was a nightmare going up ten flights of stairs! WTF???? horrible horrible horrible! also seen like 5 Chic's bust there ass on the way up and on the way down! can we say lawsuit, considering they only have elevators for VIP..thats some bull crap! i asked the doorman what floor will this lead to? he told me just follow the rest of the folks and experience it myself..(thanks dick!) anyway we finally arrived to the top floor cause i didn't know where these whack ass stairs ended! some chick came flying down the stairs and told me i had 2 more flights and it would lead to the top floor! yay!,just be best to start at the top and work our way down so we can give our feets and legs some rest( i totally recommend you don't walk the Vegas strip then come here last, very bad idea) anyway we get to the top floor labeled "the library" this room had a nice swanky,dark atmosphere with a beautiful fire place and pool table to the side! i took a look at the menu and was astonished with the bottle service 3000$!!!!! whew..thats alot of money for some liquor! but it is imported from what i read and so on..so that was that room..we then worked our way down to last two rooms which was the hip hop room and dance/electronica from what i can recall and both were really nice, except hip hop room was very small, and the dance/electronica room had no where sit if you wanted to rest your feets before getting you boogie on and just to people watch and what not..all in all this place was alright, they couldve opened the elevators and not have drunk people go up and down hella flights of stairs, that's just bad business in my opinion, i would like to see the pool party here but I'm really not fond of using stairs to get there...please use elevators Marquee honestly don't know what the whole point is doing that to your customers. I'm really happy i didn't have to pay to get in here, because the whole stairs thang ruined it for me! i wanted to get my workout on the dance floor, not the stairs..totally killed my buzz!
2	Great music choices, however the club itself is set up horribly. For a dance music club the dance floor is way to small. I always feel like I am getting pushed everywhere I go in that club. Also, I know the security has to be 'hard' and 'tough' but they are just complete douchebags for no reason sometimes. Like fucking relax your job is not that important. I do like the outside part of the club though, I wish they would have expanded it.
4	MONDAYS! oh my god. amazing. best time ever. drinks are typically expensive but if you go at 10 and are a chick it's open bar til 11! try to get into VIP also!
1	This is only getting 1 stars for the bottle servicePlease read before judgingCame here on feb 9 2013 for a b day.  The music and vibe was greatEveryone here is super cool from the security to the servers!!The only problem I had was our servers including the cup guy and our bartender at our table kept clearing the table when our drinks were still in there.I noticed this because my girlfriend told them when her drink was gone and they said they only empty out finished cups, So I lost my buzz and watched them as they strategically threw out our drinks some full an some half full.I understand they get more per bottle but that is just shady :(Other than that we had a great time !!
5	This club was so much fun! Music was great in both rooms. CJ the promoter totally hooked me and my girls up on Saturday night. He even took good care of us the next night and made sure we had a great time.  I will definitely be calling him again next time we are in Vegas!
5	Marquee has become my top choice for Vegas clubs in the past two years.  Both their nightclub and dayclub are great and provide a great ambiance.  The people are chill and the staff is amazing and very attentive.  For the nightclub, I always prefer a table outside by the pool, to avoid the craziness and packed inside.  The dayclub is also amazing, but I highly recommend to get a table so you have a place to hang back when needed.  Overall, I recommend Marquee to all my friends who are venturing out to Las Vegas.I book all my reservations with Dave, and he has always been professional and met all my needs.  Overall, a great experience.
4	This club is my group's staple Vegas club. We go here 90% of our Vegas trips and we always have a great story or two from here. I even met a promoter/bouncer here and ended up becoming great friends with him and every time I come to Vegas we hang out and get some food together. This place cool because it has multiple dance floors with multiple music styles, the only downside (minus one star) is because of the size of the dance floors - they are way too small and have a tendency to get somewhat crowded. Other than that, it's a great night club and a fun place to hit up!
2	$26 for a midori sour.  Are you kidding me?  Also too crowded for my tastes.
1	If you have to use the bathroom  be quick about it.  The security loves to kick people out for taking too long to use the bathroom by pretending you were doing drugs.  Most the security guards sell em and the place is really shady in general now.  Used to be fun. Now is a scam Go to xs or surrender
1	waaaay too crowded and absurdly expensive drinks. security inside would not let us stand for one second, made us keep walking back and forth. the dance floor was a mosh pit and was not fun. I got separated from my friends and only stayed for an hour
1	This is my least favorite club in Vegas, and perhaps of all time.  I have never been so unhappy at a club as I was here... and I've been twice so I think I've given it a fair shot.  The layout is awful and as noted time and time again in other Yelpers' reviews, it is terribly overcrowded.  So overcrowded it has hard to move from one end of the club to the other, find the exit onto the patio and just forget about trying to dance.  The club is huge, but nonetheless, the expression "like sardines in a can" is still applicable.  The good news is, you will be so distracted by the unpleasant overcrowding to even notice that the clientele is unattractive.My advice...don't go!  In my opinion, this club is so bad you would be better off spending $20 and get one of those all you can drink wrist bands at one of those cheesy yeti bars.
2	Came here with my fiance on a Saturday night. I was on the guest list so we came pretty early, around 10:30. The guestlist line looked pretty long but we were in the club by 20 min. Fiance had to pay $50 cover, mine was comped. For the first 20 minutes it was great--not too crowded, and the 1st DJ of the night was much, much better than the one we had at XS the night before.And then more people came in. It soon turned into the mosh pit that was XS the night before. Some guy came up to the couple dancing next to us groped the girl in front of her bf! The guy instantly shoved him backwards and the creeper bolted. At this point we got sick of the shoving and getting stepped on (girl in front of me kept rubbing her pit sweat on my arm, which I would then rub back on her dress--GROSS) and took a walk outside (there was this open pavilion area? I'm not sure what the actual name is). Outside we found a sea of Asian dudes. Almost no girls. Just a sea of Asian dudes. I was really confused.Overall Marquee was slightly better than XS, mostly due to the first 20 minutes where it wasn't disgustingly crowded. Also I found $20 on the floor, so that made it marginally better. Still, unless you get a table with a group, idk how you can have fun in this place.
4	I'm not much of a club person, but I was very impressed with this club. The space is gigantic with multiple floors and different music is played on each. I hated this place at first due to the over crowdedness. I had VIP access yet I still had to stand in several lines. I later found out that those without this VIP perk will end up waiting in line for hours if lucky or will not get in at all... if you're a dude (sorry dudes!). The only reason why I'm docking a star off is because:a) Overcrowding. There was literally no room on the dance floor! I came to dance dang it! Although it's a spacious venue the dance floor is extremely tiny. Expand it please!b) Stairs! Ok, seriously, us girls wears heels to clubs. That's a fact! Yet we were tortured by having to walk down endless flights of stairs to exit. Walk a mile in our heels & you'll understand why this is a terrible design.
2	2 stars because its Overrated.. overpriced for drinks.too many stairs to go through when your leaving.. definitely an accident waiting to happen..I hate that the rooms are so far and spread apart..and the hip hop room is sooo freaking tiny!!!!! the dance floor is so tiny.. everything is mainly outdoors which makes you feel like you are at a house party....Ladies - definitely wear comfy shoes because you'll be walking/dancing a lot here...
5	This is still one of the hottest club in LV.We partied here during Super Bowl weekend. There were about 20 heads and we all pitched in to get a table, as the night goes on, we ranked up the bills on Champagne.   I really didn't know champagne was that expensive :))  I was already too drunk to mix my drinks at that time.The DJ was pretty darn good, the dance floor was packed in like sardines,  the dancers were in football jerseys, quite entertaining,  and our servers kept our drinks cold and always filled. Great club, great music!! But way over our budget!!
3	I can't even begin to express how much I was looking forward to partying up at Marquee - not only was it on my bucket list, but my fav DJ happened to be playing a set the weekend we stayed at the Cosmo. That's like a dream come true! Well, to be honest, we were thinking of going to Vegas, but then when I saw that Markus Schulz was playing @ Marquee on  2/15/13, my boyfriend and I booked the package deal right away.I bought tickets a couple weeks in advance just in case it ended up being sold out. The prices are ridiculous - $20 for girls and $50 for guys?! I wouldn't have minded the prices so much if the club experience was as good as I hoped it would be. Anyway, since we were staying at the hotel, we ended up getting to Marquee around 1am. With that being said, it was a breeze to get in since there was no line by that time. We had about 2 or 3 different bouncers "escort" us down some elevator (and if you watch the floors carefully, you will see that you pass floor 4.5). I have no idea why that exists, but it was pretty cool. Once we got inside, it was SLAM PACKED... I mean, there was no room to move. Since it was our first time, we didn't know where to go so we just started to make our way into the center of the dance floor. Little did we know that you are not allowed "in" onto the dance floor or be able to stand ANYWHERE... with there being 1 bouncer for like 5 people. They kept telling us to move no matter where we stood, but we literally had no where to go. Unless you pay for a table, you are shit out of luck if you get there too late. After a good 30 minutes, my boyfriend "snuck" past one of the big bouncers to get into the space that leads you into the dance floor. I tried walking through, but he just stopped me and told me I can't go in there. I literally had to beg him so I could go stand next to my boyfriend. After about an hour, we finally made it down to the front. During that time, I had all kinds of liquor spilled on me, was asked to move out of the way by a girl who said she's going to puke right now, got pushed and shoved in all kinds of directions, and saw some kid stealing money from a girls purse. If you don't mind all of that crap that we went through for an hour, then it was a REALLY good time because Markus had an absolutely incredible set. There is no denying that the sound system and the lasers are phenomenal, so it def helped with giving this place at least 3 stars.Being from Chicago, we have a few amazing nightclubs very similar to Marquee (just not as big) but the biggest difference are the people. Marquee is  full of dirty people and douche bags. I was so disgusted after the night was over, i didn't even know what to do with myself. Regardless, we still had a great time once we finally found a good spot all the way up front. Unfortunately, I will not return to Marquee because it just isn't worth all the hassle. I am happy I got to check something off my bucket list, but that's where it stops for me.
2	The bouncers are pwer tripping a$$holes. I know I need to "keep moving", but I am very obviously stuck behind a throng of people and can't move any further. I don't appreciate you yelling near my ear and waving your stupid ass flashlight. What's that going to do? Ooooh threaten me with a flashlight, dumbasses. and WTF stairs. High heels and tons of stairs and climbing six levels to reach the club is no bueno. Good points: -atb was playing. It's too bad crappy ass clubs like Marquee become the big thing and attract the big names, I'd much rather go to a nightclub where the bouncers aren't huge douchebags. -the guest list line was efficient. the promoter got me & my friends on the list without any issues and was very good at keeping up communication. Brian T, you were awesome. -could leave the club and eat pizza near by. No where to sit unless you have bottle service. Tiny dance floor.
4	Been here a couple times, and its rockin' every time. Multiple entry lines on different floors for expedited entry. Nice variety of different genres of music for all walks of life. However, dance floor and club as a whole gets disgustingly packed, by packed i mean you'll die from suffocation. If you're a 5' Asian girl on the dance floor, bring a gas mask cause you're not gonna be getting any air lolOther than that, they have the best performing artists in all of LV, and it's pretty much the hottest club in LV.
4	The first time I went to Marquee it was still considered as the "new" club. I didn't have a good time because of the flight of stairs I had to endure.Luckily, I was able to redeem myself when I went this past year with my girls. We were able to get in for FREE and keep in mind it was already 12am. We saw some girls that had to pay, but we were so thankful that we didn't have to. We immediately went to the main bar and went straight for the LC and Henessey shots (2 LC & 2 Henessey = $60). It wasn't bad compared to XS (5 shots of LC = $75). My girls and I had so much fun at Marquee because we were lucky enough to get snagged by whole bunch of Asian dudes and hung out at their table. We had bottle service right next to the DJ stage. For the most part after this was such a blurr. We partied, We loved it, Came home satisfied =)
3	Although how popular Marquee is, I think XS is better. I CANNOT stand walking up and down the stairs. C'mon now, don't they know that majority of the ladies are wearing 4" heels?! It's murder on our feet!! On our recent trip, I like the fact that they tented the outdoor area. Brilliant! Last year, we were stuck with a table outside and we were freezing our tushies! Way to go with the outdoor tent!What I don't like is the fact that you can't just 'hang around' on the main dance floor area. Security makes everyone keep moving to keep the area clear. It's almost impossible to hang out with your group unless you get bottle service. But lucky for us, we always manage to get a table. ;)
4	Tips and Advice...-Network with a host..they are easy to find on facebook/Instagram/etc. Getting in contact with a host will ensure that you don't have to wait forever in line. Arrange an arrival time before hand, simply text when you arrive and your host will walk you in. BE SURE TO GIVE A PROPER HANDSHAKE..i always gotten great service from Marquee hosts and take care of them.-Other then that, Cosmo hotel guests get a +1 with room key on Fridays and Mondays. There is a separate line too.-Best night to go is Marquee Mondays aka their industry night. Alot less hectic to get in, and they are more relax on the dress code. Don't be fooled..Monday parties here are more fun then the weekends. Bottles are marked down greatly ($500 on weekends drop to $350 range)-Being a tier1 club..it currently has one of the highest table minimums on the Strip. If you want a good deal/lower minimum, plan on arriving early.-Hennessy/Patron are $16 a shot! Visit the outdoor bar for quicker service.
2	It was hipster and crackhead central!I didn't realize why at the time, but at the line the crowd felt a bit... "Dramatic" to me. Like a casting call line for a Jersey Shore set. I had a strong urge to punch someone, in particular the weirdos with the neon glasses or one of the "bros" with Affliction shirts.I did not like the crowd AT ALL! I don't like how they talk, how they dress, how they look or their retarded conversation subjects. Who really wants to hear some "logical" debate about weed legalization for the 15th millionth fucking time? Their personalities rubbed off as a chronic liar. And drug addict.Inside the club, some random lady BODY-SLAMMED into one of my female friends ON PURPOSE! What the fuck? She will tear out your smooth lotion-ney throat with her damn teeth if you fucking cross her again!Now I wrote rave reviews of XS, because of their great production budgets, lineups, and most importantly, CIVILITY! But I can't say the same for Marquee, because its a lot of flash, money and big name DJs, but literally nothing about the quality of the people that come in here.When I went down the second level outside of the hip hop room for a smoke, these two spun out looking cougar ladies wouldn't stop poking me with those padded glow sticks. They tried starting conversations with me while failing pretty badly, and a lot of what they are saying they realized they were offending me (they came off as "rude"). Then the girls I came with found me and rescued me.There was a HUMUNGOUS and hot amazon lady that kept staring at me on the main level. Now, I like a lady I can piggy-back all the way to the bedroom (or in other cases, being carried all the way up there LOL), but as I approached her I immediately got intercepted by these seriously nasty looking meth head women that were really aggressive in "breaking the ice" with me.  In like... 40 seconds they asked me where I am from, what do I do, and whether or not I can take a picture with them. When they finally are gone, Xena was no where to be found :(But the WORST part of the club is THE STAIRS! We had a nice, calm, elevator ride IN the club. But to get out, and that goes for all of you, you must take THE STAIRS. It's EIGHT levels of not tripping over drunk bitches that can't walk in heels (and forgot their sandals). There were bitches that decided to sit and lounge at THE STAIRS!!! Get the fuck out the way, your holding up traffic! When I woke up today I thought over about what I experienced at Marquee the day before. Then it hit me. Half the people inside the club were HIGH! The flushed faces, bloodshot eyes, sunken Crypt Keeper like cheekbones, ridiculously stupid and creepy behavior, and seeing bouncers escorting people out the exit every 5 minutes. Apparently there is ALOT of dope flowing through this venue. On my way out to the parking garage elevators, this dumb midget motherfucker tried to block my way with his hand for "one of his bros" that was staggering around like an idiot. I blew right past him for being an ass, and he started stumbling. I fucking hate Cosmopolitan and the Marquee. This is the spot where scumbags hang out and get a quick stay at the Clark County Jail.
3	It was fun to come to Marquee for the glam factor, but everything was so crowded here.  I gave it a few tries, and I think I'm going to stick to XS.  Since my single days are over, I can't just mooch off a guy who spent thousands on his table. Darn.
4	Staff is a bunch of assholes that treat there patrons like shit and drinks are crazy expensive $10 for a bud light bottle and $20 for a small redbull vodka. But aside from all that it was the best club i've ever been to, I still had a really good time. If the bouncers weren't such dicks and if the bartenders gave me a smile when i pay that much for drinks, I'd definately give them 5 stars and come back. Imma try XS next time
2	So I came here with a bunch of girl friends on a Saturday night which you MIGHT think would be a good idea. No no no, not to me at least. First, we were lookin' hot and my friend (who is from Vegas and has a Nevada ID) assured me that we could at least get discount for being "locals." Nope. $20 at the door for girls, $50 for guys. Thank goodness I do not have a penis. Next, the DJ was all right. That's probably what packs 'em in and makes the entrance expensive. I'm sure it was Kaskade or Avicii or one of those DJs that has the same dramatic musical lead-up followed by a bass drop repeated about 50 times throughout the evening. Good if you're drunk I suppose. The bartenders were okay too. Well drinks, $12. Or was it $14? Either way, I was outraged.Also, I got lost twice trying to find the bathroom. It's kind of a confusing circle layout thing.Now I know why people hate the strip. I am much more of a Fremont-Street-dive-bar type of gal. Next time I will definitely skip out.
3	First of all and i think the most important is that this venue almost always has djs who spin either trance or house music, with very little deviation. They do have a seperate hiphop room but its very small. IMO i always check to see whose spinning at the club, if you dont like the music sorry to say this but there are other venues in vegas that are still very nice and probably easier to get into and with cheaper drinks. That being said, if you want the absolute easiest way to get in every time, especially with big name Djs, is to pre buy your ticket online via their website. The next best way is to find a promoter. The good/bad thing about this is you have to spend time setting it up, and its still up to the promoter to respond back to you and take care of you. Many times they may not be at the venue or not very good at getting back to you. Staying at the hotel usually gets you 2 free admissions per room per night, but is subject to whatever the door feels like doing that night. The Club itself has a lot of stairs, lots of stairs, be prepared to walk A LOT. drinks are typical for vegas, meaning expensive. If you drink a lot and have enough people, a table might be worth your while. Marquee dayclub is attached to the club just dont fall in the pool. The most important tip at this venue is watch anything valuable you might have with you. I had my wallet, stolen right out of my front pocket. I wasnt drunk or heavily intoxicated at that time. I was in the middle of the main floor dance floor when it happened. We searched for it on the floor but never found it. The security was very helpful in trying to find it, but to no avail. The club security and hotel security both admitted to me that they KNOW there are pick pockets who work the club and steal wallets, phones, watches, jewelry, pretty much anything that can be taken from you when you are drunk, dancing around or just packed into the venue on a busy weekend night. The next time i go back im bringing a wallet with a chain. that being said the club itself is nice, the lines can be long, if you like the music and can afford to spend the money for the drinks, its not bad. Just do what the security says and bring a taser, JK dont do that but really, buy tickets ahead of time, follow the dress code, and have fun.
3	Last time I visited Vegas back in June I made the mistake of not visiting Marquee. It was almost humorous how many times I was told by local friends I had just met and cab drivers making chit-chat that Marquee was the club of the moment. Since we didn't make it last time I made it a priority this time since I had heard SO many great things!This time we were staying at the Cosmopolitan and they have a great little thing that essentially lets hotel guests cut in line which was AWESOME because the line was reaaaaally long. We chose to go on a Saturday night which was probably a mistake because it was really crowded and we had to pay the full $20 cover for ladies. We were glad that we weren't men because it would have been $50! Yikes!  Overall it was an interesting experience. Definitely had that "cool kid" feel which was kind of fun for the group I was with of early 20-something ladies.Drinks were expensive at $14 even for well drinks. It was too crowded on every floor so there was really not a lot of room for dancing which was a bummer. I was looking forward to dancing when the headlining DJ came on but security had blocked off the dance floor which was kind of a bummer. Also traveling by stairs was a total pain, especially in heels. We ended up leaving early and I definitely feel like I didn't get my full $20 worth of nighclub. I feel like if we had gone on a different and less busy night I may have had a better time.
4	The marquee is an amazing night club, but they sure as heck don't know how to follow instruction when running a card ($6k for a table). My friend that was buying a table asked them to run the card twice cause it had a 3k limit per charge. What do they do? They run it once of course, so natural the card got declined. Once a card is declined they can't run that card again even if they make a mistake. So I had to pull my plastic out and pay out. Oh and they let us believe we had the whole area to ourselves, but the moment we paid they told us, oh yeah you only have half this area. So overall great car, but sneaky workers though.
4	Ok, minus the darn stairs due to heels. I truly like the club. I think they should install ramps instead and what's up with the elevators not operating??? There are many different levels and a huge outdoor venue. The music was awesome, varied by rooms.The drinks are expensive, but hek it's vegas. For future, I would do bottle services.
1	What a freaking joke this place is. They don't let guys in if the ratio isn't perfect. Or if you don't have the perfect shirt. Never will i recommend . I hate Vegas and its bullshit like this.
3	I don't like the physical layout of this club, it's too claustrophobic. It's definitely worth checking out though, and I did like the outdoor portions of the venue.  The dance floor was way too small at the show I went too.  3 stars because it was fun, but otherwise the crappy ass small dance floor makes me think of giving it 2 stars.  Walking up a ridiculous amount of stairs to get to the show was pretty stupid.
1	*SCROLL DOWN TO END FOR THE GOOD STUFF. READ THROUGH IF YOU HAVE NO LIFE*:/ This review is for people who don't have a VIP table. If you get a table I think the experience would be 10 times better.Did I miss something? I went on Marquee Monday. I don't know guys. I think this place might be a little too hyped up for their own good. Should have known it was a bad night when the bouncer was super disrespectful to the group of ladies I was with. Little chocolate man with your guest list roster around 11:40PM this past Monday, what is your deal?! Why are you so angry? Didn't your mother teach you how to be a gentleman?When we joined a guestlist group in line at XS, they had no problem at all letting some extra ladies into the club. At Marquee I don't think they really care about girl to guy ratio.A nice, but very drunk group of girls invited us to come with their group on guestlist. When the girl pointed us out to the bouncer, he let them through and acted like we weren't part of their group and they were so drunk they didn't even notice. When I told him Britney said it was okay for us to join, he looked up at me like I had just told him he was an idiot and said there wasn't a Britney in that group. When I pointed out the girl in the leather dress he said she wasn't the name on the guest list and instead of going up to her and asking her about us, he straight up accused me and condescendingly said, "WHY ARE YOU LYING TO ME? WHY YOU LYING? You need to get out of this line NOW." He pushed past me and went to the group behind us. A nice bouncer took pity on us and let us cut the general admission line and apologetically told us we would have to pay cover. We didn't look especially hoochie that night so we said sure why not. At least we don't have to wait in that line.Big ups to the hot bouncer who noticed it was my birthday the day before and wished me happy birthday still, and for letting us in for free.THAT'S RIGHT! LADIES WHY ARE YOU PAYING FOR THIS PLACE?!?!?!I'm upset that I see so many cute girls on here saying they paid a $20 cover. Like what? If my average looking ass didn't have to pay cover, all the pretty girlies on here should definitely not have to! I think if I had paid cover, I would have been more pissed and this review would have had A LOT MORE CAPS!I was like "okay this place is well onto redeeming themselves for that shitty bouncer."So we enter in on the 2nd floor, take the elevator up to the top. Long story short-music sucked in all three rooms! I'm not really a fan of house but if it's got a good beat I'll dance to it! Couldn't even give us that!EVEN THE HIP HOP ROOM! How do you mess that up? WHY DO YOU CUT IN THE MIDDLE OF A SONG SO EVERYONE HAS TO PAUSE AND LOOK AT EACH OTHER LIKE WTF?-they block off the dance floor and keep everyone moving. the bouncers have these stupid lights they keep moving and it's literally like herding cattle.-no where to sit. if you find a place, the bouncers make you get up-no where to dance! they block off the dance floor and don't let anyone in or outsoooo crowded! definitely a fire hazardMy friends left literally within 20 minutes. I left after an hour of trying to have a good time but it wasn't happening. And then....THE STAIRS? LOL WUTThankfully I was smart and brought foldable flats and the bouncer let me pull off to the side to change into them. He said they don't allow girls to walk barefoot so a lot of ladies trying to take their shoes off had to put them back on.There were a ton of people leaving at 1 AM. That is ridiculous. Who leaves a Vegas club at 1AM? It was that bad...everyone walking down was uttering their disappointment about Marquee. Also saw two girls eat it down those stairs. So funny once we all got out of the club, everyone went into that little lounge that is right next to the 2nd floor entrance to Marquee. That place was POPPIN! No cover, the hip hop music was on point, the majority of the crowd had just come from Marquee. I actually saw people leaving the Marquee line to go there. And who should I find there but my friends who left me at Marquee. lolI don't want to be that annoying person that compares everything to XS cuz before I went to Marquee I was going to give XS 3 stars but literally at XS...music is better (and it's hard to please me with house music)they love the ladies and don't make them pay!no stupid bouncersno stupid stairsand best partYOU CAN SIT WHEREVER THE F*** YOU WANTAND YOU CAN DANCE WHEREVER THE F*** YOU WANT
5	I came here a year ago (nightclub) to see ATB. Yes, the wait was long, both to buy the tickets and to get in. However, it's probably the most popular club in Vegas so I knew what I was getting into. Cover wasn't cheap but I would happily go again. The stage, with dancers on the catwalks, was very cool as well. The venue is huge and I definitely want to come back in the summer for Marquee Dayclub. I know it's hyped up and overpriced but I think it's worth it to go at least once just to see what the "best" club is like.
1	Paid $1200+ for a table, we were outside with 20 mph winds and too cold for girls in dresses. They wouldn't move us. Awful customer service. Staff was sympathetic but ultimately unhelpful.
1	**BUYER BEWARE** MARQUEE WILL SCAM YOU!!!!!Reed Reygadas, I hope you read this! The VIP host staff CANNOT be trusted. I had been in contact with the Marquee VIP host staff, specifically Reed Reygadas (a senior VIP host), about planning for a INDOOR table at Marquee last Friday for my bachelor party. This was to be one of the most epic nights of my life. I had spent a few other nights at Marquee and knew the potential party they could throw. Reed had verified that I had a reservation for an INDOOR table that evening for my group. I had been in contact with Reed several times during the day via text message.When I arrived, the host assigned to us informed us that we would be moved out to the outdoor cabanas at the same price as an indoor cabana. The temperature had dropped to about 55 degrees and there were 30 mph winds outside due to the changing weather and location of the club on top of the building. This is obviously totally unacceptable. They then offered to drop the price slightly... I told them that there was no price in which I would take a table that was in the middle of a hurricane. They told me that I had to decide whether to take the table or not in 2 minutes or we would be asked to leave. They informed me that they could not offer to let us stay in the club, despite them changing things on us. Their rationale for the change was that all tables are based on demand. Then WHAT THE F IS A RESERVATION FOR!?!?!? There was no mention of tables being subject to change before arrival, only after we had entered the club. Not even an indication that things might change via text message during the day when I had communicated with Mr. Reygadas. This was clearly a case of people with outside cabanas wanting to move indoors and willing to pay top dollar to do so. We were not even given the opportunity to pay more for an indoor table (I wouldn't have). After much arguing, they approved to let us stay in the club but would charge us $50 cover per person. These individuals completely ruined my huge, once in a lifetime evening because of their greed and shady practices.OH AND ONE MORE THING. I had just got done spending well over $2000 at their sister club, Tao, the evening before. And this is how they treat me? All in all, my friends and I have probably spent in excess of $20k at the Marquee and Tao establishments. This is how they treat people. DO NOT MAKE ANY PLANS THAT RELY ON THE VIP STAFF AT MARQUEE NIGHT CLUB. Thank you for ruining my trip, Mr. Greed Reygadas... this was the worst experience I've ever had in Las Vegas. You all should be ashamed of yourselves for undertaking such deceptive practices. You all are grossing plenty of revenue every single night... you don't need to take advantage of people who are ready and willing to spend ungodly amounts of money at your establishment. I can assure you that you have lost plenty of future business from me. I cannot have that night back and there is nothing you can do to give it back to me. You should be absolutely ashamed of yourselves.If any of you reading this review have any self respect, do not give your money to these greedy heartless individuals.
3	wish the pool was open last week all the pools were dead only a wading pool what a waste of a 500 + cabana we got
3	The rooms are small.But I do love the outside with pool...The entrance was $50..I ended spending $200 + on myself and a lovely friend that just happen to be there :). That being said some of the drinks are a little over price for my taste.But you can always pre drink at your room....
5	Why does this club only have an overall rating of 3.5 stars?  Come on - you're in Vegas, on the Strip, and at the hottest hotel (Cosmopolitan) - obviously everything is going to cost you more.  You're also going to the hottest club out there, so yeah, you're going to spend tons of money.  I knew that, and so I decided to focus on having the best time of my life, and I did!As a guy coming in on a Friday night, I got charged $50.  Fine by me - we had a hookup so at least the girls didn't have to pay to get in.  If we had a better ratio of guys to girls, I'm pretty sure that the guys would've gotten in for free too.  The music is awesome - they have a hip hop room, but most of the club plays EDM.  Let me mention that this club is HUGE!  According to my friends, the place is actually bigger, but because we went in February, not all parts are open due to weather.  And it was huge as is!  Seriously, stay close to your friends - you can easily get lost, especially when hella packed.  My only gripe with this place is that there's a lot of stairs.  Kinda tiring after a long night of partying and drinking, but if you read the reviews, then you would have already known that.  Seriously - the best clubbing experience I've had in Vegas - I woke up with confetti stuck to me the next morning!  Pre-game before you get there to save some money, but please don't be that drunk guy or gal who gets kicked out.  Go with friends who can handle their alcohol and don't cause too much drama and you'll dance the night away and have a blast!
5	Have never had a problem here and it's ALWAYS a good night!  Pretty, well decorated, and always has good lookin' peeps!  My FAVORITE club to go to in Vegas!!!I love that they have different rooms that you can enter in and there's always somewhere to sit outdoors around the pool!  Library room for a more relaxed, laid back night.  Hip hop room for the ratchets.  Main floor for the unce unce uncers.  And this other side room that's between the elevator entrance/bar and the main floor, that plays like Top 40/House?  Partayyyy!!!  Haha, I would definitely recommend anyone's first time to Vegas to make it a point to make this one of their priority clubs to go to!
3	I came here 2 years ago, and I couldnt stop raving about this club after the trip. This place was poppin  - the decor, the music, and the rooftop view !! I loved it !This past trip however ... was full of disappointment. We were on the guestlist...and still waited a good 45 mins in line. This place was super crowded by 11ish and we literally had to push through the crowds to get through to the clubs. My friends weren't having it that night and couldnt stand the music so we went in search for the Hip Hop / R&B room. After their many flights of stairs, we finally get to this teeny tiny room that was probably 900 sq ft. We were seriously rubbing elbows with these gigantic size chicks dancing around us. Dance for less than 15 mins and bounced.... but guess what ? Couldnt just bounce ... had to trek through miles of stair cases before finally leaving that damn club. Overall, disappointed.
5	ATTENTION: If you have a table/bottle service you do not need to take any stairs to the club area, you get to ride down an elevator to the main room. After 2AM the elevator is open to the public... this fixes the stairs issue everyone seems to be having :)Probably one of the best clubs I've been to. This place can get really crowded and lines are extremely long. Get here early  if you do not have a table reserved. Almost everyone pays cover unless you get in due to a promoter, make sure you tip the person that gets you in!I had a reserved table and showed up at 12AM and got in with no waiting. Had a table on the 2nd tier, table 46, and it was a great view of the dance floor and had enough space for our own personal dance area. Dropped about 6K and it was well worth it. Security did a good job of keeping random people out of our area, obviously hoards of people want to join and leech off the bottles of liquor... Our host was awesome , the crowd was excellent, and the music was on point. I defiantly choose Marquee over XS.
4	Nice club. We did get a table and didnt have to wait in line. Beware of the the table slores..They come to your table to chop it up & drink you stuff then leave. They usually  roam in 2's. Monique was our hostess. She was awesome. We were there during Halloween...needless to say...good times.
4	Marquee is one of my fave! The venue is huge and has different floors offering different types of music. Each room offers a different twist, quirky, yet fun, and and interesting swag. Love the cabanas and nice patio seating outside....fun crownAlways packed but surely a place to visit if you are planning a Vegas trip and are considering bottle service.
4	Definitely the best club i have been to by far.Tickets to get in are pretty expensive: $50 for men and $20 for women. Keep in mind that these ticket prices are pre-sale so I'm guessing they get even more expensive as the night moves along. The advantage of getting the tickets pre-sale was that we didnt have to wait in line (and it was a really really long line). Drinks are also pretty price (average of $14 per cocktail and $9 per beer). The venue itself is awesome. There are three levels in the club; each with a different atmosphere. The main dance floor is very crowded. It also has a gigantic outdoor pool side. There are also multiple bars so the wait time for a drink isn't too long. This is the largest level. The other two levels are a bit smaller. One is a room primarily for hip-hop, while the other is more chill with pool tables and other gamesIn summary, I would definitely recommend this club to anyone visiting Vegas. The only reason it got 4 stars was because it's a bit pricey.
3	Just cause the lines are long doesn't mean it's good.The club is definitely competent to good in all respects. The problem is just dealing with the crush of douchbags that come along with being the hottest place in town. If you're in town midweek it's a nice option. Avoid on weekends - unless you've got a hookup it's just not worth the hassle.
1	Not worth the money when getting bottle service or paying $50/man admission.*I love The Cosmo (their parking spots green/red system, Estiatoro Milos restaurant, Art-o-mat machines, etc) but Marquee was mostly worthless the night I went.On Fri/12 Apr I was with a group of total 8 people (3 women, 5 men) going to Marquee.- That night it was special guest DJ Benny Benassi (did a great set but that doesn't compensate for Marquee's failings) and it was $50/man and $20/woman cover charge.  We had bottle service so we didn't have to pay cover.- Group I was with got bottle service, 3-bottle minimum requirement.  For the 3-bottles Birthday Boy (who paid most of the tab; he was crazy generous because it was his 21st b-day) opted for 2 bottles of Ciroc and 1 bottle of regular Crown so the tab came out to $2,100.  We were expecting $1,500 but maybe that's only if we ordered the non-premium spirits.- We arrived at the door about 12:30 am and so they put us in the "Library," which was a lounge not a marquee club we were expecting to enjoy.  It played different music from the dance floor so in the Library we couldn't hear DJ Benassi's set.  The Library has a pool table and an older crowd, and to me was really boring.  Only good thing was the music wasn't as loud in the Library so it was easier to hold a conversation (eg with a girlfriend).- Birthday Boy and most everyone in our group wanted to be on the main dance floor but the waitress was never able to move our table there.  I don't fault the waitress/staff for not being able to move us since we arrived after midnite, but sticking us in the Library should entail some perks/consolation (perhaps discounted bottle service, knocking off $200 or so off our $2,100 tab).  We wanted to party at Marquee Nightclub, not the Library lounge at Marquee.- Making the most of the Library assignment, me and a buddy (the other 6 people were 3 couples so they weren't as concerned with finding eye candy) would walk down the stairs to the main dance floor a few times.- It was so disappointing because: a) the bouncers at each entrance (about 5 of 'em) to the dance floor would not let me enter the dance floor (they only allowed people to exit the dance floor).  When I asked which way to the dance floor entrance no bouncer gave me an answer.  Really, I can't go to the dance floor in a nightclub? b) Between the main club area and the Library, it was about 2/3rd's male. Sausage fest + $2,100 for 3 bottles + dreary Library table = 1 Yelp star.  I need to make another trip to Estiatoro Milos for some Greek comfort food.
5	This is a review for the DAYCLUB. I LOOOVE IT. I've only been here twice and both times it has been TONS of fun! It's a big ol' party and everyone is having a blast in the Vegas sun. There is a live DJ doin' the damn thang and everyone havin' a goooooooooood ol time. Of course it helps to have a comp daybed and free draaaaaaanks but YOU KNOW!!! Fun in the sun!!
1	Bouncers were power trippin dicks.  Place was way over crowded. Left soon after because it was becoming too unbearable with the gf... Eff this place
1	I Was there this pass weekend on a Sunday 4/15/13. Security's kool,  good music, but the bottle service waitress try to bamboozle me. We had made previous arrangements to get bottle service at the club with a capacity of 15 party goers. So we show up right on schedule. Everything look good skipped the long line right onto the elevator where one of the promoters handed us over to a waitress. She then walked us to our VIP area that holds about 20 people located right next to the  dance floor. When we walk into the lounge area there was already a different party of 10 occupying half of the VIP area. There was two couches, two little ass tables one for each right next to each other. Our area hold 4 standing, the couch hold 6, and the rest of my guest were standing on the walkway outside the VIP lounge not inside. It was so crowded that our waitress couldn't walk through and she was Asian tinny and really skinny. But By then she already had my American Express. She ask what would we like, so I order a minimum of 3 bottles, but before she walked away I told her we didn't fit, and that some of my guest were standing on the hall way, if passable we would like our own space. So I know the bottle service would be price about 1,500 with about 400 to 500 in gratuity. So as my guest and I are discussing to move to a bigger place, I get a security alert on my phone by American Express that if I was authorizing a charge of $3,100.00 on my card to txt back to confirm it. I was disappointed with our waitress. So she comes back and tells me that my card didn't go through and I replayed, because u tried to charge me $3,100 bucks. So she walks away didn't say much, and a little Asian boy in a suit trying to look important comes up to me and asks me what was the problem, so I ask him how much for our bottle service, we ordered 3 bottles?  if you want to order 3 bottles he said $1,500, I reply,  so why is your waitress trying to charge me $3,100 bucks.. He looks down on his phone pretending he was txting someone.. The reason was shity, he said it was to add gratuity. Me; Huh $1,600 bucks more.. Oh the reason she charge you more was just in case you wanted more bottles he saids.. What you're crazy I have never heard of your lil scam. Then he said ok $1,500 and I'll move you to your own VIP ok kool. So as we are gathering my peepz he said we can't do it. So I said ok bye.. Walk right out and had a wonderful time at a real club. !PURE NIGHTCLUB AT CAESARS PALACE!.. Thanks to my security alert the little Asian due didn't bamboozle me!.. Please be extra alert when you attend this club and keep a visual alert on the little Asian guy that looks like Jackie Chen and his lil Asia accomplice waitress, ask how mush would it cast b4 they bring out the bottles and check your receipt at the end.. Good luck y'all...
3	This is a review for Marquee Nightclub! I AM NOT A FAN!! Hear me out before you judge me :). Haha.Pros:1. I'm a girl so I'm always on the guest list, therefore I never have to wait. 2. Three dance floors3. Kaskade performs here!Now let me tell you why I'm giving this place only three stars.I went on labor day weekend and the place WAS SOOOO PACKED. There was no way you can get anywhere. For Friday night, I went to see Avicci and the main dance floor was closed off because it was too crowded (this is understandable). So my friends and I went to the hiphop floor. The floor was so small and crowded. I seriously don't know how any one can dance in there because you can barely even more around. I wanted some fresh air so I went outside to the pool area. Yup, still crowded. It was nice and I like how they have tables for people to gamble outside but it was just way too crowded for me. Oh man, let me tell you about the stairs. It's ridiculously! The bathroom line was ridiculously too. Thankfully, I stayed at Cosmo so I just held it in until I got out of the club. The club was super crowded that my friends and I decided to leave early. It was probably about 1am.I went back to Marquee for a second night to see Kaskade performed. My friends and I got there early so we can get to the front of the main dance floor, yup we wanted to see Kaskade! :D. It was 11pm and the dance floor was already closed off. I wanted to use the bathroom so bad but I knew if I was to leave, I would not be able to see Kaskade so I held it in :(. Kaskade finally came on at 1:30AM. I was in the front of the dance floor and had a lot of room to dance so that was nice. The only problem about being in a dance floor that is closed off is that you cannot leave to buy more drinks. Therefore, I highly recommend you guys to drink as much as you can before getting into the main floor or else you will be sober for the rest of the night! Once it was 3AM, I decided to leave. It was so hard to leave!! Everyone was trying to get into the main dance floor so there was such a huge crowd outside of there. I had to push so many people (I felt so bad but you got to do what you got to do to leave that place!) I felt so squished while trying to get out. In conclusion, I love Marquee for having Kaskade but I would never come back to this club. It's way too crowded for me.
4	The best nightclub I've been to in Vegas. It's a must go! They really put forth a lot of effort with the lasers and everything inside, its a pretty big club - indoor/outdoor and two dance rooms. The only thing is that it gets sooo crowded. It's tough to actually get on the dancefloor and be able to move...I'm not exaggerating, if you guys check it out you'll know what I mean lol but if you love to dance like me, you can always find a spot - like at someone's table while standing on the seats? lolI love the dayclub here too. They have cabanas with a private hot tub which my friends and I got comped in for (woohoo!!) which was a lot of fun! It's a beautiful pool areafun stuff- thumbs up!
4	There's a reason why this place has a reputation for being the hottest club in Vegas. Best talent, great sound system, great lights, and awesome day-parties. The bouncers can be a pretty pushy, so when there's a staff member that stands out among the crowd it really makes a difference. Brian T who promotes for Marquee has to be one of the best promoters in Vegas, which makes me even more likely to come to Marquee when I'm deciding which club to go to on a given night. A lot of people feel like they need to be some A-list celebrity to get into Marquee, but when you know a guy like Brian, he treats his people like royalty, and never gives any kind of attitude like some promoters do. Look up Brian T. At Marquee on Facebook, and he'll make sure you and your friends get in and have a great time. I'm a huge fan of the day parties. Way more of a party atmophere vs. getting dressed up and being pretentious. If you've had a bad experience on a Friday or Saturday night, come to the Sunday day party and see if it changes your opinion. Just make sure you hit up Brian first.
4	Pretty awesome nightclub.  Rooftop deck with pool, outdoor bar, and blackjack tables.  Dance floor is fun - only problem is if you try to go to the dance floor later, it gets really crowded so they regulate who goes to the main dancefloor VERY heavily. The club gets really crowded and there is little room to move indoors.
3	Certainly a nice place. On the rooftop of the lower section of "The Cosmopolitan" hotel between the two towers, they have a nice pool area that serves as an extension to the inside club. In truth, outside was the only place to be able to move and get a drink with decent wait time the night I was there... The fact that it was a bit cold and windy probably helped with that! I was there for a private party so I can't comment on price of admission and drinks but that would probably make it above what I like to spend for a night!
1	The Worst CLUB I had ever been too. To many stairs to get to each room. By the time you get up to the Library room you are too tired and the party energy is gone!! I wouldn't recommend going here if you want to experience the Vegas nightclub  scene.
4	As with all Vegas clubs I have a love hate relationship. Everything really depends on the DJ. I've been here a few times when it was a lesser known DJ and so there was a ton of room to dance, and still have fun. Also the bouncers are always super nice at Marquee. They'll talk with you, ask how your night is going, and welcome you.Small venue, and gets packed really fast. I love the photobooth, but pictures take forever to send to your email. I can't really speak about the prices because I'm always in a large group of girls and get things free.Hip Hop room really gets jammed fast all night long, and it's even smaller than the small main dance floor. As for when there is a big DJ, expect RUDE DRUNK people shoving and pushing on the dance floor. For girls, your only salvation is when one of the promoters guarding the tables starts inviting girls to join the large group of guys who buy tables.
4	In theory, I LOVE Marquee... in reality, not so much.THE GOOD (3 stars): The club is huge with 3 floors, each housing their own genre of music. It's a beautiful space, without a doubt. There's an inside and outside to cool down when it gets too hot inside, there are great views of the strip outside, and everyone is dressed to the nines because it's a tier-1 club in Vegas. There's world-class talent multiple nights a week spinning here, but if you're not an EDM kind of person, there's also a hip hop floor and top 40. That being said...THE BAD (2 stars): What kind of idiotic structural designer made a club where girls need to walk up/down 5 flights of stairs to get in? That part NEVER made sense to me. I love my leg workouts, but hobbling down 5 stories in 5 inch heels after a night of dancing gets... well, it gets fucking annoying. To get from one floor to the other is a massive shitshow when you're drunk, and the layout of the club makes it impossible to find anyone. I found the nightclub to be a nightmare to navigate every single time I've come here. The circular, labyrinth layout makes it easier to find Waldo in a sea of patriotic colors than a damn bathroom to relieve myself in because the club looks the same from every angle (the stairs too, which really doesn't help when you're trying to figure out which floor you're on). And you'd think that, for a club inside the Cosmo and with so much clout and real estate space, they've make a bigger main dancefloor. If you're not on the main dancefloor by 11PM, you're not getting on it for the rest of the night unless you tip the bouncer a 50.THE OTHER GOOD (that I re-added a star for): SECRET PIZZA. This amazing pizzeria is inside the Cosmo and when you see everyone exiting Marquee and making their way there, follow them! It's got to be the best drunk food I've ever had.Marquee was one of those clubs I wanted to love because the concept is great (multiple floors, inside/outside, great DJs, different genres, good-looking crowd, etc.) but couldn't because some designer totally cut out the practical aspect of his work. I can usually only stand being here for an hour or two before heading over to Wynn and Encore to finish my night. Anyways...DAYCLUB (that got another star): In my opinion, a lot better than the nightclub part of Marquee. There's less people, the heat gets you drunk faster, everyone looks their best in the summer, servers are friendly, and it's not insanely hard to get a drink. I was front and center for Dash Berlin when he played here. I still think Encore Beach club is more fun, but Marquee is definitely among the best dayclubs you can go to in Vegas.
3	DAYCLUB:  (I have a nightclub review below too)Soooo I am directly comparing Marquee Dayclub with Encore Beach, and for me, Encore Beach definitely wins.  The problem with Marquee Dayclub is that the pool just isn't really conducive to meeting people very easily, and there's only 1 pool.  There IS another small pool I guess, but it's in this VIP area and nobody was in it.  I'm sure that in the middle of summer this place is more hopping, but it's the end of April and it was a Sunday, so maybe it was slow for those reasons.  On the plus side, there were free drinks for girls from 1pm-2pm, so that was nice.  But it didn't include fun drinks, just well drinks... at least they're trying to get chicks drunk.  I did like all of the bartenders though, they are super nice!The VIP areas they had aren't really that close to the pool, so that was kinda lame.  And the people there just weren't as hot as I was expecting.  I think I'm just being picky, plus my past experiences at Encore Beach were just better than here.  Overall I wouldn't say don't go....but I would say to try Encore Beach first.... (sorry Marquee, get some more hot guys into your club!)
4	If you want to get the "Vegas nightclub experience," this is your club. Marquee is 3 stories, including the main level and the outside pool deck on the first level, the Boombox (hip-hop room) on the second level, and the Library on the third level. I've only been up to the Library once so I couldn't tell you what genre is played there but I think it started off being dedicated to old school. I like some house music but I typically go to clubs to hear hip-hop. Therefore, Boombox is where most of my time is spent at Marquee and this room is extremely small. Bar, dancefloor: that's it. The music in the Boombox room is usually pretty good but I've come here a couple of times and they closed it down early or it was not open, or they played strictly House there. So as far as that goes, it's a hit or miss.When I come to Marquee I'm usually coming for the experience and not the music. It's an amazing club. When you come here you know you're not going to find another club like it in the US, if anywhere else in the world. I loved Party Rock Mondays with the guy from LMFAO. Every Monday is locals night.
1	Don't believe the hype! Way over crowded! Even during the week. Waaaaaaaay over priced! It's on the strip to be expected. Security puts the ass in asshole. Every time I've  been I've had a problem with security being twads. Who ever designed this place A:doesn't have a vagina, B: doesn't like any one with a vagina.! Putting 5flights of stairs in a super crowded club and then wanting scantily clad women in sexy shoes to come to said club is the STUPIDEST thing ever!  It's dark and confusing.
3	I have been to Marquee multiple times and I have the same consistent feelings about this nightclub:Pros- Beautifully decorated club with a great environment; Music is loud and everyone is pretty much having a good time- The outdoor area is open and is a great way to take a break from the dance floor; one of the open outdoor patios that I prefer over must clubs- DJ lineup is usually pretty impressive and has big names- Bathrooms aren't too crowded and are well maintained by the staff; there is a large parlor area in the girls bathroomCons- Small dance floor; most of the time the dance floor is blocked off because it is overpacked so the security guard tells you to go somewhere else to dance- Stairs; it isn't friendly to girls wearing heels, but hey, we choose to wear heelsI would still come back though because it is one of the bigger named clubs out there today. Expect more EDM music than hip hop.
4	This was my first club in Vegas and it definitely makes SF clubs look like shiz. We got in through a promoter so the girls got in for free. The guys still had to pay which sucks but guys have to pay anywhere they go in Vegas. There was no celebrity DJ but this place was so popping. All i heard throughout the night was untz untz untz. It was pretty much EDM overload and since I am not a fan of that music, I had to force myself to appreciate it. It is definitely an experience I will never forget, especially since I came out of that place with huge blisters on my feet. Lesson learned girls, buy those foldy flats. They will save your life.I think that the overall venue at Marquee is soooo pretty and gorgeous. It is super crowded inside and you will get pushed and shoved around like at any Vegas club. What differentiates this place is the BEAUTIFUL outdoor patio where all the bottle service is. There are bars out there, lamps, tables, couches and little streams of water. The only negative is that there is no actual seating for people who dont have tables. The only thing you can do is sneak a seat on the dividers between tables and hopefully those people dont mind you sitting in their space. It beats XS where there are even fewer places to rest your feet. **TIPS**1) Definitely check out this club and XS. Two different venues, same music and crowd, but this one feels a lot classier.2) Girls, bring foldy flats. It is so tough to find places to rest!3) Enjoy!
3	It was difficult for me to write this review.  I will just start with the basics.  The club is absolutely beautiful, the music was off the hook (Kascade was playing, amazing!), the sound system was ok (I am spoiled by Funkion 1s on the regular).  My host that night is a friend of one of the directors there, and we were treated to VIP.  Unfortunately, my friend and I lost our other friends early on, and weren't able to be in the VIP area with them,  but being an outgoing and friendly women, we made new friends..... Here comes the bad/scary part....  Towards the end of the night, the bouncers usher everyone into the main dance floor area and closed the back patio and bar... We met a man and he asked us to sit up on the ledge with him.  A big bouncer came over and told us to get down.  We said no, we are out of the way and are resting for a minute up here.  He seemed angry and told us to get down, and I jumped down, and he grabbed my right arm, extremely hard and pushed me forward.  It hurt so bad! :(  I immediately went over to a bar to the right and the bartender was cleaning up, and I told him what happened, he got the security supervisor.  The security supervisor, Michael Betts, took me to a back room where they had 2 EMT workers there.  They took my statement, put a cold compress on my arm, and talked to me a bit and I started to calm down, I was crying and scared.  Nothing like this has ever happened to me before.  At this point, also I should state that in the commotion, I lost my other friend I was with. So I was alone, and didn't know really what to do.  Mr. Betts was very nice and helpful, and gave me his card, if I have any questions I am able to contact him, which I might do today.  After I left the room with the EMTs Mr. Betts walked me around a little bit to see if I could spot any of my friends, which I couldn't.  Then he took me out to walk in the front of the elevators, as that is the only way to exit the club.  I had a drink there and waited, they didn't show, so I left.  What a horrible end to what should have been an epic night.  I hope the bouncer that hurt me was fired.  I have a huge bruise on my arm and it is still swollen.  :(  I hope everyone else that goes there has a better experience than I did.
1	This place is asking for a lawsuit.Based on previous experience: ladies, you have to get on the stairmaster at your local gym and train in heels before you get here. There's a chance you might trip and break your neck from walking up and down the stairs.Anyway, I came here with 10 girls around 12 PM this past Saturday (May 4) for the dayclub. Right when we walked up to the line, the security guard clearly had an issue with our group. He gave us a difficult time and questioned 4 of us about our ID's when we're all 21+.Girl 1: Smile was too big in ID photoGirl 2: Had different hairGirl 3: Didn't look like her since she took the picture 6 years agoGirl 4: Looks different smilingThe stocky, short, bald and Hispanic looking security guard pulled aside Girls 2&3 and immediately proceeded to tell them that their ID's were different girls.- When Girl 3 pulled out her debit card with her picture on it, he looked embarrassed. She rolled her eyes and walked away. He tightly grabbed her hand and told her he had the power to not let her in. Hun, you work as a security guard. You do not have power whatsoever. Quit power trippin. And I'm sure that shaking from the firm hand grip could be considered assault.- The security guard asked Girl 2 if she had anything else to prove her identity. This girl pulled out 4 credit cards and her school ID. I don't know about you, but I would never let someone carry FOUR of my credit cards. Also, Girl 2 is Thai and has a ridiculously difficult last name. However, she signed her name 3 times and it was not EXACTLY the same as her ID so she was not let in. Everyone knows signatures can NEVER change.- We spoke to a different security guard and asked if Girl 2's ID looked like her and he said "it wasn't his call." So... what are you allowed to do? So far it seems like no one really works here...- We asked to speak with the manager and he brought the security guard back over. Apparently first and last names are separate because he claimed Girl 2 signed her name 6 times.- Employees insist they have no time to deal with this issue. I'm sorry, I didn't know you had no time for your job.- While we were waiting for our promoter to sort things out, the same security guard came up to us to harass us about waiting. For real. What happened to checking ID's. If you don't like us, stop following us.- Of course the employees all agree with each other and refuse to change their minds so they can attempt to retain some sort of credibility. They even feel the need to YELL at promoters and girls to prove a point.No respect. No customer service. No education.If you ever come across this bald amateur, run far far away. Or wait until he's not checking ID's.Although the line-up may be amazing, these employees need to get it together. The main reason any club makes money is because of the girls. Treat them better or you can enjoy your own little sausage fest.
4	Went to the day club last summer in July, and to the night club two nights in a row in October. Place looks nice, and the sound quality is great too. Bouncers were chill towards me and all of my friends all three times I went. If you see a good, under-rated DJ you'll have no problem going back and forth to the dance floor; but if you plan to see a big name like Armin or Avicii, you might want to make it there early. When I went to see Armin at 11pm, the bouncers weren't letting anybody into the dance floor as it was already over-packed. Overall a legit club.
4	Nightclub:  Purely because my phone got stolen from our table/cubby, I cannot give it more than 4 stars. The music was awesome and you are totally encompassed by the pounding bass, crazy lazers and steam that is on the dance floor. We had a great table and promoter for a bachelorette party. This was the best club I have ever been to! If my phone hadn't gone missing I would have better things to say about it. Dayclub: OHHH EMMM GEEE... this might have been the most crazy, beautiful, insane, fun party EVER. Armin Van Buren - check. Bottles of bubbly - check. Goose - check. Not a cloud in the sky and surrounded by 1000 beautiful people (including our party of 20 hot ladies) - check! I am already planning next summer's Vegas Adventure and will not miss spending a day here. Truly the best time I've ever had!
1	This was pretty disappointing.  Ok it is NOT an over 30 club or chill like some of the reviews seem to bill it.  Yeah its pretty but the fact you have to pay 250+ to be able to sit down.  Yeah so no where to sit and a crowded dance floor means that you get up there and have a wander.  Thats about it.  The line up is stupid and really not sure what the criteria is for how fast the lines work but this was really not the chill dance club I was looking for.
3	Came here for a girls weekend and Marquee was on our to-do list. We bought tickets in advance to see Sander van Doorn and thank god we did! The line to get in was easy, breezy. Just go upstairs if you have tickets, instead of braving the hordes of people waiting downstairs.Drinks here are Vegas priced, which translates to hella expensive! I think a round of shots for 4 was $55? And, it was so disgusting. I ended up pouring my vodka shot into some juice. Call me a puss, but I'm too old to down nasty shots. Now, if it's a good tasting shot, sure, bring it on!It was a pain in the ass getting from the outside to the inside of the club. We had to stand in line just to get back in, instead of just going back in through the open patio. It's prettier outside, but the music doesn't sound as good. Be careful of the pools, you don't want to fall in. The music was kinda eh till around 1 am when Sander came on. Then, it got ten times better! We ended up dancing inside, since we wanted to be part of the energy, but it was super annoying getting told to move by security every 5 seconds. Geez! We ended up dancing over by the back patio. Whateves. I danced so hard that I broke my heels! And, my feet hurt for 2 days after. Beware of the 5 million stairs you'll have to endure on your way out. I like XS better though. Better music and better venue. Marquee, you're just average.
3	Solid pool party. Great music. Good people. Great staff. Recommendation to come during the week vs. weekend. This place get's packed! Get there upon opening hour for sure. I came here for my birthday this last week...got there about an hour or so after it opened and there was already no where to sit. I can only give 3 stars because I'm sorry...you pack this place to the gills and I understand you are trying to make money off of chairs ($300) and cabanas and what not...but there's no where else for people to go unless you just stand at the bar or pool the whole time. Staff was kicking people out of areas whom were trying to lay out. We even asked a guy in a pool side table if we could set our towels next to him...which he was fine with but staff kicked us out of the area. They aren't mean about it, it just stinks when you are simply trying to find somewhere to go. Sorry, not going to pay upwards of $300 either...that's just nuts. The drinks are good and I definitely had a fun time there no doubt. Met a lot of really chill people and it was an overall great day! I would recommend coming here for sure. Perhaps during the week if you are looking for a place to lay out. Weekends be poppin' though!
3	went to the Dayclub wasn't impressed. May have been how awesome Encore was the day before but none the less seemed nowhere near on the same level. daybeds, cabana's were very cramped barely had room to walk between rows of beds.
3	Not as good as XS but still a good time. Shout out to the bartender who I won't mention by name but I still want to thank for hooking me and my girl up with some thick patron shots. You know when your struggling to gag it down after two gulps your in trouble. Big ups to you sir
5	Best dayclub in VegasNot cheap, but worth the $ to get a cabana if you are with a large groupPS- Maybe you can have Leonardo Dicaprio buy you some bottles (he bought every cabana a bottle when I was there last weekend)
4	This place is enormous and built for hosting DJs.  It's pretty chill on the outside.  It's definitely not cheap.  What's up with the multiple floors though?  Sometimes it's a maze to get to where you want to go
5	I think based on my check ins alone we all know this is my favorite nightclub/dayclub in town. The best DJs, the best layout, and the best bartenders you can never have a bad night/day here. My boyfriend and I have fallen in love with this place and certain people like Jeremy the door guy, Kimmy the bartender, and Danny the GM have made that happen for us. Were here at least once a week for good reason. With Dash Berlin, Armin Van Buuren, Gareth Emery, and ATB all Marquee favorites this is truly the place if you enjoy amazing Trance Music. Yes its expensive but hey what nightclub isnt. LOVE LOVE LOVE MARQUEE.
1	Horrible!! 2 hours in queue
1	This is the worst clubbing experience I've ever had. The dance floor is tiny, so they won't let anyone on. You have to sneak past the incredibly rude bouncers in order to dance. Worse, a ring of bouncers armed with flashlights shoves an ever-moving herd of hapless club-goers ordering them to keep moving. "Where would you like us to go?" I asked two separate bouncers, who said they didn't know. That's because there's nowhere to go. They just keep the crowd moving to conceal the fact that there's nothing there and no room for it. Too many people is not unusual for a Vegas club, nor is a long line to get in, but for their bizarre approach to crowd control, I give this one an F. Stay away. There are plenty of places to dance in Las Vegas and even more to get drunk. I will say the video screens were cool, but you're not going the DJ was typical and I feel like I've just survived a mob trampling that was completely unnecessary. Not how I wanted to spend one special night in Vegas.Note: This review was written on Christmas Eve of last year. I don't know why it didn't post, but reading it again reminded me of how crazy awful this place was. I don't even know if it's still around, but if it is, avoid avoid avoid.
5	-Goodlooking people everywhere, and this is where all the Asians are also-3 floors, the 2nd is the place to be to get ratchet (hip-hop all night), the third floor with the pool is techno and most people stand outside the pool area to talk and chat. The stairs are also super annoying for girls who wear 10 in. heals, so don't be too drunk and fall down the 3 flights of stairs. Other than that, the layout of the club is huge and pretty impressive.-Be nice to the bouncers and they'll be nice you to :)-If you have enough girls and contact a promoter to be on the list, there should be little to no wait in line. Make sure to set up arrangements with a promotor ASAP to ensure smooth entry. Contact the promotor below, he helped me out and our group got in with no problems. https://twitter.com/Vegas_Promoter
3	Free last saturday when i came with a bunch of girls and we were on the guest list.  the line for us was very short considering it was ~ 12pm.lockers are $20 so plan to bring as little as you can so you can share with a bunch of people.when we got there it was super crowded with no place to sit, and strangers stepping on your toes.  i got cut 2 times by other girl's long toe nails! GROSS! get in the pool while theres still space and just dance.  that in my opinion is way fun.  unfortunately the pool water was murky and so heavily chlorinated that my bikini bottoms were bleached 5 shades lighter than my bikini top (which was out of the water the whole time).  since there were no showers (to my knowledge) i developed a rash on my legs from that nasty water.  if you are trying to take pictures, please bring a water resistant device.  they do a LOT of splashing here (which is OK) but it can get out of hand.i also liked when they released the beach balls into the crowd, which made things more fun, but security really needs to regulate, as there were multiple A-hole guys trying to show power by violently spiking the balls into people's heads.Inefficient staff to keep the reentry lines moving, the man would just let people out and then do nothing, then make us wait while our feet burn on the ground while just standing there.game plan: come early with a bunch of females on the guest list, and party it up before the crowd gets out of control
4	I had only been to the poolside before, but went to the club for the first time! The bouncers were actually friendly, making sure there was enough space to walk around. The sound system here is amazing! Fun to see some great DJs! Two floors to the nightclub - the one upstairs is a lot larger!
4	Don't even wonder. Just hit this place! Lots of levels, plenty of space, outdoor pool area with gambling tables. Each level has its own vibe. Talent is deep. The staff isn't pretentious which is a real positive.
2	Seems like when the hype moves around vegas theres no stopping it. Well the hype has most certainly moved to Marquee. This seems to be the place that everyone and their momma's want to party at. I've been twice and both times left feeling the same way...a bit unimpressed. I'd say go without too many expectations and maybe you'll have a better experience. It's worth checking out but I've had a much better time else where...
4	Hands down currently the best club in Vegas.For guys that sign up for the guest list, you still need a even girl/guy ratio. I tripped out on this at first, but now I think it's a good idea, which is what makes the club great.How I got around this was that my friend and I just walked around and asked girls if they wanted to bypass the lines and go in with us (bouncer told us he would get us right in if we just brought up some girls). You'll be amazed at how nice some girls are guys, so just go up and ask them. And remember the guest list. And smile. And chewing gum for your stank breath :)
5	Came here for Memorial Day Weekend to see Armin Van Burren and W&W perform on a Friday night.  Between this, Surrender, and Hakkasan, Marquee easily gave me the best clubbing experience.We had pre-sale tickets and entered in a separate line on the fourth floor that went smoothly.  No BS about girl to guy ratio or anything of that nature.First off, the layout was pretty awesome for the floor Armin and W&W were on.  The dance floor and VIP booths circled around the DJ booth making no bad spot if you were in the main room.  If you were unlucky to not be allowed in the main area, due to capacity, there was on outdoor area surrounding their pool.  They had a live feed coming from being the DJ that was displayed on a huge protector.  But what really made this fun was how intimate the main dance floor was and the lighting.  That particular floor/stage had some amazing visual lighting and effects, it was definitely a sensory overload (in a good way).Marquee is definitely on my top clubs to go to if you're in LV, even more so if there are special DJs/events.
3	Came here for Memorial Day Weekend day clubbing on Saturday with a group of 5 girls.Verdict: Unimpressed.Didn't have to wait long around 12:30pm (probably only 5 minutes before getting in if you're on the guest list and someone walks you in), $15 per cup of cran+vodka, $30 for a locker to put all your stuff in, lots of splashing so don't bring your phone unless you're just sunbathing, lots of college guys on a budget unfortunately, lots of stairs, super crowded inside and outside of the pool, water was warm (gross-ish).Bouncers were friendly though so that's a +1. I had to walk back to the lockers to get something and they recognized me and just let me back in no questions, despite there being a long line of people waiting to get in. Also, although one drink definitely wouldn't be enough to even get you smiling, it wasn't bad tasting.
4	Came here for the pool party  on sunday for memorial day wknd Kaskade was dj. And this place was cracken! It was my first pool party in vegas loved the experience here. Met some cool new people. Everyone was splashing the water having a good time! drinks were ok cant complain hot girls everywhere.
4	The night club was not as good as I had hopped it to be but the day club was so much fun.
5	True storyI'm going to make this short and sweet because I had one epic night. Came to Marquee Saturday night memorial weekend. Went to the hip hop room saw a ton of fine women. A girl in VIP gave me the ok look to talk to her. So I snuck around the bouncer start talking to her and her friend. It was 8 girls at the table with grey goose and ciroc bottles. Then the turnt-up began. She offer me shoots then lap dances one friend got jealous so she started doing the same thing to me OMG. Next thing you know hooking up, ladies gone wild on me. The bouncer was like you can't be doing that up in here bro. I really wanted to offer him a cup of haterade. Good fuckin night ! Tip'sGet your pre sale tickets totally worth it. Go early interact with girls and leave a happy man. I saw a ton of guys with bottle service spending a ton of money $$$ looking bummy. ProsA lot fine women but to me the hip hop room had most of the single girls dancing and interacting with guys compare to the main dance floor. Great open view of the Vegas cityscape. Overall great crowd. Con's Expensive, lucky I drank free mostly the whole night. The main floor didn't play any house/pop/hip hop like Flo Rida, David Guetta, or Akon. It was mainly all techno and other stuff .
5	Nice club.-No Fat Chicks-Nice Variety of Girls-Not too priceyI did see girl who looked like Shrek. I told her I ran a school for mutants and can help her harness her power for the good on mankind. I can help you
4	THIS IS A REVIEW OF THE NIGHTCLUB.I had so much fun! If you buy presale tickets, cover isn't too bad. I think it was $50 for guys and $20 for girls. Alcohol also wasn't too expensive, I think it was $15 for the majority of drinks. We found a really personable bartender that is originally from Texas and he made our drinks really well.The club does get really crowded, and if you want to be on the floor where the DJ is that's not going to happen unless you get there early and stay there. Not being on the floor doesn't matter though, because you can hear the music and everyone is still mingling/dancing where the pools are.Also, I think my fiance was impressed by some of the things I heard from guys trying to hit on me."How can you text me if you don't have my number?""This is my friend Mike. Sometimes we call him Magic Mike" "My abs get better as the night goes on""Is that your smile on the floor? ... OH THERE IT IS!"If we go back to Vegas, we'll definitely come back if it's still as good as it was this past weekend.A lot of girls are complaining about the number of stairs. I didn't think it was that bad. Maybe the girls complaining just aren't used to walking up/down stairs.
1	Came here memorial weekend and purchased tickets online. When I got to the club it was too packed and hard to move around. I tryed to go on the dancefloor but was told my $50 ticket didn't cover that and I had to stay on the outside (basically watch all the girls and guys that purchased bottle service have a good time) when I asked to speak to manager about a refund security took my drink and threw it on me and walked me out of the Cosmo will never come here again! My group and I had a horrible night due to this place GO TO XS Instead!!!
5	I fucking love Marquee! Lol every time I go there i always have a good time.  I like the fact that they have different levels which play different music. For example they have the boom box room which plays more hip hop. I jus love this place. Good job guys.
4	Some girlfriends and I decided to go Vegas-ing for MDW. We bought presale tickets to Kaskade's Summer Lovin' (dayclub) and Armin Van Buuren (nightclub)--I didn't even know I enjoyed EDM until I saw these guys spin--both shows were incredible. We did typical girl stuff--finagled our way into the VIP area, danced, took pics of ourselves, ignored drunken sexual advances, etc.--but somehow everything seemed 1000x better at Marquee than any of the other Vegas clubs. The line was a little crazy to get in on the night of Armin Van Buuren, which was irritating, but understandable for a holiday weekend. Other than that, I don't have many complaints. Marquee is a solid club that's earned its reputation. We will be back for more soon.Other Pros: -Delicious strawberry daiquiris at the day club. The bartender didn't skimp on the booze.-If you get there early you can get a great spot in shade right next to the DJ booth at the day club.-For the most part, the crowd was respectable.Other Cons:-Delicious strawberry daiquiris were $15 each. Cheap for Vegas, but still a rip-off.-If you don't show up early the lines are long even with presale tickets.-A random drunk girl pushed me into the bushes near the pool and I bleed profusely. Not Marquee's fault, but crappy, nonetheless.
3	We purchased a booth and the service was fab.. Minimum was four bottles, $4000..To enjoy you have to party  like a BOSS. Made many new friends from Russia, Caribbean, & locals..No need to walk to dance  floor to dance, we had room to dance on space between booths. Thumbs up overall!
4	This review is strictly for Marquee Dayclub! This past Sunday I decided to stay the extra day and spend my time at day club... it was probably one of the better decisions I've made that weekend. BUT REMEMBER GIRLS! YOU NEED A COVERUP TO GET IN -- I walked into the hotel with shorts and just my bathing suit top (as I did the whole weekend for Daylight and EBC) and was told by security that I needed a cover up, good thing our car was parked rightt there so going back to get a shirt wasn't a big deal, BUT I can imagine how much it would suck if you were staying at somewhere other than the Cosmo and had to taxi back! Anyways, we got through the line fairly quick and painless (since it was pretty early 11:30AM) on a Sunday. Came inside and put our stuff in a locker equip with phone chargers of all kinds - $30. Day club had all the cabanas on the side, they have one big pool and this little pool with a pretty fountain thing next to the stage+bar. The bestttt part about day club was the fact that Marquee gives out free fruits and ice cream! The gorgeous servers walk around with platters of fruit kabobs and buckets of Big Stick popsicles and offers it to everybody. WAAH, talk about win! The staff is really nice and helpful. My friend accidently dipped her phone in water so we ventured off towards the kitchen to ask them for some rice to soak her phone in. The staff was so nice, everybody directed us to the right place and showed genuine concern --after around 5 minutes of waiting, a worker came out with a container filled with rice of her, free of charge! When we were leaving, a worker saw us walking towards the garage and commented "OH, I see you got your rice, goodluck with your phone!! I hope it works", ahh that feeling of being remembered. :) Also, the lady working inside the bathroom next to the cabana is an absolute delight! She's sooooo nice and friendly and bubbly and she makes you feel like you're having such a good time! If I had cash on me I woulda tipped her just for her company. Also, my nose started bleeding when I was at dayclub (FML RIGHT??) so I ran off to the bathroom and of course, she was ever so helpful and acted like a concerned mother. AHHH I love her.... She helped me out and wetted a paper towel with cold water to put on my head, offered me a chair to sit on and kept saying "poor babyy, but it's okay you'll be okay".. She's such a sweet heart, I wasn't even trippin about my bloody nose LOL. Anyways, my overall experience at Marquee DAY CLUB was a good one (night club will be reserved for a different day...). I had a great time, and I'm thankful towards their welcoming and hospitable staff.OH* Another thing. No drinks in the pool. If you have a drink in the pool, you have to stay by the edge of the pool. and TRUST, they implement this rule, there is a worker walking around making sure you are not drinking anymore than 2 ft from land. Lol at first it was annoying, but it became pretty entertaining... poor guy... why don't people just listen to him.
5	Marquee is one of the trendiest nightclubs on the Vegas Strip. Their layout kind of reminds me of XS Nightclub where they have an indoor dance floor area that opens up to an outdoor pool, patio, and bar area where people can hang out and have a drink. While the patio view doesn't really give you the best view of the Vegas Strip, at least you can still see the towers of the different hotels that make up the MGM City Center. Their indoor key feature is that they have tall, huge screens in the background that emits colorful lights and imagery that goes along with the music. They also have live dancers in front of the screens. You can see the DJ at the front of the dance floor with the colorful screens behind him. I also like their selection of dance music. I strongly recommend you to purchase tickets through their website online so you can bypass the line when you enter the club. I always suggest getting to the club as early as possible because every trendy nightclub always gets super packed by midnight. I ordered a midori sour from a female bartender with tattoos all over her arms, and she mixed the most perfect midori sour I ever had.There is a free photo booth in the outdoor patio that you e-mail to yourself. Overall, I think this club is great for large groups. Get there early, otherwise you'll hardly have any space to hang out.
4	This is "The Hot Spot" in Las Vegas!  Hip Hop Room is where you will find me -  Very rare in Vegas as most clubs only play EDM (Can't stand that music)Light show on the EDM room was cool but that was pretty much it.We had a bottle service and the security guards took care of our group even escorted us the to restroom which I thought was cool!!price is $80/guy - might as well get bottle service!
5	Tips:Without guestlist, we had to wait about 30 minutes to get into the club.$20 cover charge----------------------------------------------------------------------------The club is massive! There are 2 separate rooms: hip hop and electronic music are in separate rooms. The hip hop room is a lot smaller while the electronic music venue is much bigger. All of the private booths circle around a large dance-floor while the DJ stand overlooks everyone.They have this lemonade icee that they put a raspberry liquor into that is super delicious. Great for anyone who wants to just cool down and hate that alcohol taste.The cabana's on the rooftop portion of the club is beautiful and overlooks the lovely Las Vegas strip.Although the club was very large the place was extremely crowded on a Friday night.Day Clubbing at Marquee is great as well, there are 2 separate pools for people to stand in. Unfortunately to be able to see the stage better people would have to get out of the pool.
4	Marquee... Both day and night club was crackin.. Pool party cabana we had was very cool and in the shade. We ordered everything on the menu and it was pretty good. Pricing was good for a pool party. Alcohol pricing was more than the night club. But at least you can see more of whats going on during the day. Marquee night club was also crackin. Its really big with the exception of the hip hop room. Hip hop plays good music but all the vip area just freakin sucks. And that's the only reason why I didn't give this place 5 stars.
4	it was really fun. call a promoter and get on their guest list so you can bypass the regular line and also get in for free! we ended up hanging in their hip hop room (downstairs) for the majority of the night but also by the pool upstairs towards the end of the evening.  also... if you end up falling in the pool or swimming in it... you'll get kicked out. we saw two girls get the boot after doing that.  It closes around 5am.
4	Me and a few of my girls went to Marquee last weekend and it took a few minutes to get in through the guestlist line. We had a blast! The only negatives we could say about the club was the Hip Hop room was closed and when we left we had to take the stairs... Overall we still had a great time
2	I had gotten in touch with the Guestlist manager a couple weeks before our visit and added to the guestlist.  We (a group of six ladies ages 27-33) showed up and got in the guest list line.  It went pretty fast but when we got to the front, my name was no where to be found on the list.  The guy was very nice about it though and still let us go through without paying cover.We got inside and were immediately impressed with the setup and decided to walk around a bit before we got a drink.  Everything was really cool.  We stepped out to the outside bar and all lined up waiting for a drink.  There were two women bartenders working and there wasn't a line, however, we were ignored for a good 10 minutes with not even an acknowledgement we were there.  Then, the bartender on our side actually left and a new one took over, all while we were standing there.   Finally the new girl came over and got our drink order.  I asked for a Red Bull and vodka and did not specify vodka.  She tells me it's $19!  What's funny is there were a couple other girls that ordered the same drink and there drinks were a couple dollars cheaper.  She wasn't friendly and obviously overcharged when she felt like it.Needless to say after that, we were kind of over it.  We found a cozy little room with some couches and pool tables with the kind of music we liked and danced a little, then a bouncer guy said we were in the way so we moved to another area and danced.  Again, we were pushed away saying we were in the way.  We figured out that unless we were buying bottle service, we needed to get out of there.  We then found the stairs everyone keeps referring to.  Crazy amount of stairs.  Finally got to the bumping hip hop music room.  It was jam packed with drunk girls that kept bumping into us so we finally decided to call it.  We were not impressed.  Terrible service and we felt like we were treated pretty badly by the bouncers.  Not cool.
5	Myself and two buddies went to Vegas last weekend.  We decided to got to Marquee on the Sunday to watch Kaskade!  What an amazing time we had.  We had a sun bed between the pool and cabanas which worked out perfect! Brooke was our first waitress who was super friendly and cool.  Then she transitioned with Stephanie.  Stephanie made us feel very welcome and showed amazing customer service throughout to rest of the day.  Our busser was Pat.  He also show us amazing customer service, helped us with anything we needed, kept checking on us, but not in a pushy way just making sure we were cool.  The security guard circling the pool was John. Super nice and super chill.  I would highly recommend anyone visiting Vegas to hit this pool party.
5	This club is spectacular.  It is very large, and offers all sorts of music.  We get a table and bottle service (2-3 bottles) every time we come here for three reasons:  1. You skip the insanely long line outside, and form in a much smaller "table" line 2. You get a place to sit down and catch a breather 3. The security keeps people that shouldn't be in your area/table out, and they escort overly drunk people out as well so they don't ruin your experience.  Heck, for a nominal fee we get a sanctuary in one of the hottest party spots in Vegas?  All  good!Table service:It is what you would expect.  Book early, tip well, and you may find yourself "upgraded" to a really awesome table inside the main floor.  Or you can opt for "cheaper" tables outside in the pool areas, etc.  Be sure to tip the person in charge of security in your area so that you can count on them keeping an eye on your stuff! Be careful with the upgrades though because sometimes they will stick you in a TINY table in a better location.  The last time we went we figured we would try it out, and we had mixed feelings about the super cramped spot.  Much better view and right in the heart of the club, but only 2-3 people could sit at a time of our 5 person group.  We had a 6 person table outside...Experience:It is a really safe place.  I have never seen a fight break out there, or anyone too obnoxiously drunk causing trouble.  It is more of a high end hang out spot.  Everything here is extremely overpriced/expensive so be prepared for that.  Conclusion:Worth visiting at least once.  I will probably go again next year.
1	The majority of the one star rating is due to the club blocking a picture of my best friend and his boyfriend kissing on the outside photo stand. My other friends took pictures kissing and were just fine. When viewing the photos there was my best friend and his man smiling, two "hetero" friends kissing, the blocked picture, and then a couple kissing who were also "hetero." After the picture of the two boys kissing I did notice a bouncer giving them a dirty look but thought he was just a pathetic hater and dismissed it. That is such a huge disappointment to know that this club could be so narrow minded and discriminatory. This just adds to the appallingly rude employees we encountered on our journey to get into the club. All in all I will definitely not be returning to a club who is not LGBTQ friendly and I will be telling others to save themselves the money and time they'll waste at this club.
3	Fun experience, but crowded as hell!
2	Too big. Unorganized chaos even if you are on a guest/bottle list. Go from one line to another, then back because no one knows what they are doing. VIP host kept the D&G tag on his suit.... Dude that's supposed to come off when you get that shit tailored, ultra douchey. PS get that shit tailored.
1	I have never written a review, but I feel compelled to write one for the Marquee. From my experience, the Marquee staff is clearly racist against black people, and therefore regardless of everything else deserve the lowest rating possible.I got a table with bottle service for my little brother's 21st birthday. Our group had 7 people. When the staff came to escort us to our table, they let the 5 people that were not black in, and then stopped the two black guys and asked them if they are with us. The guys were clearly with our group.Then we show ID's. The girl checking ID's checks everyone's ID, and then when it gets to one of the black guys, checks the ID for a good 15 minutes, while the rest of us wait, on the other side of the ID check. They bring an extra person to check this clearly valid driver's license from Florida, while they harass us for waiting for our friends to get in to be escorted to our table.After that we got into the club, and by the end of the night, both of the black guys were kicked out of the club, with an 'X' marked in permanent marker on their wrists so they can't get back in.  While I did not see what happened, I know everyone in that group. They are long time friends of my little brother's and they are some of the coolest, nicest people I know. They are not the kind of people that cause trouble in clubs.It is inconceivable to me that this was a series of unfortunate mistakes or coincidences. My friends were kicked out for being black and not dressing "white" enough. I expect we would have had less problems if they put on a white button-up shirt, suite and tie and tried to look extra friendly and smile extra big for the racist Marquee staff. I think the Marquee staff saw two black males and assumed they would cause trouble, so they gave them as much trouble as they could and ultimately kicked them out.This was our experience and we had bottle service. One can only imagine how the staff must treat black males they determine are "too black" that just want to come in and have a good time. I'll never go to this club again.
5	Best day party in vegas by far! Hottest ladiez, rooftop jacuzzis line the dance floor , and the service is amazing. The staff had me set up with the best bottle service and went out of their way to check in to see if we were having a great time and a prime table location. Shout out to hosts Winston and Levon James for showing me how vegas is done the right way!
5	Went to this nightclub Sat 6/15/13 based on reviews from this site compared to other nightclubs.  Very accurate reviews!  Got in via a promoter and my date was free.  At first, I was hesitant on the $50 charge for me....but heck Vegas shows are that much or more.  Get there early if you can!  10pm is cool to walk around and check the place out. 1am is PACKED, which is also fun in a different way but you have first dibs on the dance floor.  Music was amazing, atmosphere was amazing, clientele was amazing.  An experience of a lifetime.  My GF thinks I'm a freaking genius for picking this place.  Drinks are priced okay for a nightclub of this caliber.  For example, a cosmo martini was $16 and other mixed drinks were $12.  Priced high until I ordered 2 Bloody Mary's the next day at the pool of Ballys and the waitress said $30.  Compare the pool filled with old people at 11am to the atmosphere at Marquee and the $16 seems reasonable.  Customer Service was A+. It was "Welcome to the Marquee, Have a wonderful evening." from security at the entrance.  Helpful with questions on exits.  Bartender was extremely courteous.  DJ CHUCKIE freaking rocked and the extras the club does on the dance floor makes you feel like your in a damn video.  HELPFUL HINTS:  1) As in recent posts, bring flats ladies.  After wards there are stairs, not many, but after 4-6 hours of dancing you will feel them.  Once again I seemed like a genius to the GF for bringing this up. 2) Not sure you need a table to experience it.  I saw groups of 14 buying a table, which divided up sounds fun.  But after getting the pricing of a table, getting my lady in free and me paying $50 was still an experience for much less cost. 3) I got the promoter's info from passing by one of those obnoxious people handing out cards in front of Planet Hollywood.  I normally walk by, but heard one of them say "Marquee VIP".  He took my ph #, I got texted by promoter around 6-7pm, he got us in at 10pm with the GF free.  I felt important with him taking us in.
3	It seems like its a big club, but the dance floor is relatively small. Bouncers were giving me a hard time, just didn't get a good vibe from the club.
1	I really wouldnt have given this place a start but i had to in order to post my review.over priced. (we got in for free but i sure in hell wouldnt pay to get into that club)over crowded.way too many stairs.the attendents that work there are all clueless to anything thats going on.music is ok& they say this is #1 in vegas?  i say go somewhere else. you arent missing much.
4	Updating on top of my previous review: soon after a customer service rep Jennifer offered to make amends for the bad experience. They offered free accommodations and tried to use customer service to retain a customer.It was EDC weekend with Kaskade manning the DJ booth but we all had a good time, especially the birthday celebrant and my friends.I give the staff kudos for putting effort in rectifying any mishaps.
2	I've only gone to Marquee @ night so I can't comment on the dayclub, but I can say that of all the clubs in Vegas, Marquee just isn't it for me. +++++++++1. Aesthetically pleasing- one of the nicest looking clubs in Vegas 2. Great bottle service 3. A ton of levels that suits everyone's different tastes in music4. Promoters for Marquee make it super easy to get in 5. Big DJs - Kaskade the last time I was there 6. Bouncers are all super nice 7. Top floor is my fav! The library looking one? We had a table up there once and it was the perfect place to duck out and rest our feet since it doesn't get as packed as the other floors. 8. Areas by the pool have plenty of places to sit and rest those throbbing feets. ----------------1. Way too crowded, small, and stuffy for the number of people they let in. Good luck dancing anywhere. You can manage shoulder movements, but that's about it. 2. Stairs only to get to each level.... seriously?! Great marketing strategy, actually. Stairs in stilettos = painful feet = drink until it stops hurting = $$$ for Marquee! 3. It feels like you're being herded in like cattle as a female 4. Music is great on the hip hop level, but there is NO WHERE to dance! 5. Did I say it was crowded?6. Crowded 7. Uncomfortable8. People sweating on you all over the place 9. So crowded it's no longer enjoyable So what I'm saying is, Marquee is cool but now it's so packed that unless you thoroughly enjoy leaving the club covered in someone else's sweat, I'd go elsewhere.
4	Nice venue. A little narrow. table and walkways are a little tight. mini pools and cabanas are nice. Must wear a bathing suit, no shorts for guys.
5	Its Awesome!
3	I hate clubbing in Vegas if we don't have bottle service. If you buy drinks go to one bar tender to take care of you because he'll have no issues giving you free chasers. If you go to another bar tender they'll charge you $5 and won't even top it off. If one person in your party gets too drunk the bathroom attendant will report it and you will get kicked out. The only entrance is one elevator. If you're told to take the stairs it is a long long long long long long long walk. Be prepared for very painful feet if you're wearing heels. I didn't care much for Marquee. I didn't have a great experience.
5	THIS REVIEW IS FOR COLAVANDA & ZORAN!!!My apologies if their name is misspelled! Anyways, shout out to these 2 security from Marquee Day Club. I was there Sunday June 23, 2013. I had a friend who was too drunk to stay at the pool party. Despite how annoying & uncooperative my friend was, C & Z were very patient & did not give us attitude or seemed annoyed where as other security probably would have. Eventually my friend got himself together & they both escorted us out to get a cab to take back to our hotel. I tried to give them tip but they generously declined (you guys totally deserved it btw). Thanks again!
3	Marquee is one of the nicest clubs I've been too. I love the fact that it's three levels so if your mood changes go up a level or down a level. Music is great. The bouncers are stuck up and rude but I guess that's the way you have to be when your constantly around annoying drunk people. Aside from that the only other thing I can complain about is how packed this place gets it's insane. And don't you dare take off your heels or you will get kicked out.
3	!!!!!!CATTLE HERD!!!!!  Marquee - a club for the masses, where they treat like you like cattle unless you have a table with bottle service.  It's not the employees' particular fault that they yell and shove you and tell you to keep it moving.  It's a result of the layout of the club in the main room.The small dance floor is a circle with its perimeter surrounded by tables.  It looked like they dedicated equal or more real estate to tables than common areas.  Sucked for us folks who don't feel like blasting a few grand to party.  From a business perspective, I guess this is smart so that they can maximize revenue from bottle service. Don't bother going to this club if you don't get a table.  Thank goodness my friends and I knew someone so we didn't have to wait in line and pay cover.  I would have been upset if I had to pay a fee to enter a very crowded club just to be treated like an animal.Went on a Saturday night w/ DJ Kascade spinning (starting at 1am).  Like typical Vegas clubs, they had an acrobatic performer and dancers once he came out.Drink prices are average (for Vegas).  3 kamikaze shots were $42.  Plenty of stalls in the bathrrom for the ladies so there wasn't a long line.  They also had lots of chairs in front of the mirror so that you can freshen up.Pool area outside was also open, but who wants to hang around outside when it's still in the 90's during the summer even at nightime?Inside, the a.c. system was great, because it didn't feel muggy like some clubs can get when it gets packed.Huge range of people in the crowd, from men in their upper 40's/50's trying to party like they're in their 20's again and loving the attention they get from the gogo dancers/cocktail waitresses to people who just turned 21 and are clubbing for the first time.  But most of the people look like the "forever 21/jersey shore" crowd.  Then again, most folks at the Cosmopolitan hotel in general look like that.
5	What is Marqui? Marqui is a gift to all the party people of the world. We should celebrate it, experience it and embrace it for everything is it. It's truly that awesome. Once again, we went 3 times in two days: Friday/Saturday dayclub / pool party and Saturday night to see Kaskade on my birthday. Yes, you'll see hot crowds of people and beach bodies, but you'll also find the best clubbing experience of your life here because no matter who you are, you can't deny that Marqui is ergonomically designed to perfection.Crowd: upscale, well-dressed nightcrawlers and party peopleMusic: houseService: exceptionalBouncers:  gentlemen until you cross the line. Watch it, they are on it like hawks! Ambience: upscale, trendy, grand In my books, it's reining champ for best nightclub in the world. And clearly, my love for this place remains solid.
4	If you're going clubbing in Vegas, this is the place to go to! I make sure to visit this place every time I roll into Vegas. Seems like people didn't get the memo about Vegas clubs.. Here it is: Any time you go to a club in Vegas, expect to pay for overpriced drinks, expect some bouncers to be dicks and expect big crowds. If you have a problem with any of those three expectations, then you're better off going to a bar or lounge. Not to say that you're going to run into all three at once for Marquee, but expect it so it won't ruin your night.  This past weekend I was able to go to both the Day and Night club. It's a fun experience. They did a job well done with the amount of space given for the club. I enjoy the fact that you can go inside and outside for the night club. The dance floors for both the hip hop and main floor get crowded fast (avoid hip/hop if you're claustrophobic), so I'm usually outside for the main floor where I could see and hear the DJ spin.  If you want a good drink for the price you pay, make sure you ask for Jason (coolest bartender) and ask him to make you a Liquid Marijuana. He's the only one that knows how to make it really good! If you go to the day club, ask any one of them bartenders for the Beach Bum (that's also a good drink). They're like $14 which is reasonable for a club drink.Girls --- Not to discourage you from going to this place with your beautiful high heels, but beware this place has lots of stairs to go from hip hop to main. Make sure the elevator takes you to the main dance floor, and I advise you to stay there. The Boombox room isn't that worth it unless you only like top 40's and don't care for EDM. Also, if you need to sit,  outside there's these concrete planters that you can sit on OR you can act like you're gonna gamble on the 21 tables and sit there lol.  Guys -- for the day club DO NOT take any bags/satchels/purses/backpacks they will NOT allow you up the pool until you put your shit in their lockers which is $30 (not worth it). Also, PLEASE leave the Euro underwear looking swimsuits for the ladies, fuck your confidence that shits nasty and it won't do you any justice.
5	Marquee drips swaaaaggg all day everyday (well at least on Friday through Monday since they're closed during the middle part of the week) and is easily one of the top clubs in Vegas.  The promoters here do an amazing job bringing in the hottest girls and sexiest dudes and the DJs keep it poppin all night long!Matter of fact, I usually leave the club saying that OMG that was the best night EVER and you will probably do the same unless of course you don't like dancing, partying, or talking to hot girls. If that's not enough to sell you on things maybe the crazy lazers, confetti blasts, air guns, live entertainment, huge outdoor area, super fun hip hop room, sexy ass people and the best DJs in the world might sway you to make an appearance.  Trust me and come here for a GUARANTEED A GOOD TIME! Also want to send a shout out to JENNIFER TANG for always taking care of me!  BEST.PROMOTER.EVER.
4	If you love techno this is the place for you seeing as that's the biggest room they have. It very classy in all the their themed rooms on all five floors but it sucks having to take the stairs. All the rooms vary in size and style, unfortunately for me the hip hop room is the smallest.Stay away from industry night on Monday, it's very boring for tourists with only one floor available.This is a great place to take large groups.BEWARE at the end of the night you will have to take a 4 story walk down stairs to get out. Look forward to the balcony/patio view it's amazing!
2	Overpriced and Bad bottle service!! My party of 12 spent $3,000 for bottle service.  This amounted to $250 per person.  They put us in a very small room with a tiny dance floor.  The server only came by twice to poor drinks.  After she collected her 20%($600) commission off of $3,000, she was out of sight and never to be seen again.  We went to the Marquee because there was a lot of hype about this being new.  (We went last summer but I finally got around to writing a review).  This place is totally not worth it.  I think XS is still one of the best clubs in Vegas.  For $3,000 we would have gotten a much better table and service.
4	Came here for the first time and decided I really like it! We got pre-sale tickets to Markus Schulz ahead of time just to skip the line. Arrived around 11:30 ish and we did not wait at all.  Smooth sailing to get in with pre-sale tickets. The worst part of going into the club was going up those damn stairs. After that it is cool. There are rooms with different music. I did not like the hip hop room at all...it was kinda trashy and bartender was crap. I totally forgot what it is like to go to straight club and thank god I don't go often lol. Men really had no class in this room.I loved the room where Markus Schulz was playing. Lots of lights, fog, machines that shoot nice cold air plus confetti, light sticks to wave along. It was a good night in that room. VERY CROWDED AND HOT. The bartenders at the pool were MUCH nicer and quick. Downside if you don't have a table or booth or whatever they are called...You really can't sit anywhere. There is a nice view outside but no relief in heat since Vegas is 24/7 hot. Drinks were $14 pricey, so I don't know..Pre-Party!Overall, I had so much fun. Music was awesome. -Give it a try! p.s.: get pre-sale tickets...unless you know promoters and shizzz. p.s.s.: from what it looked like dress code was not strictly enforced, some people weren't even dressed up for an occasion.
3	Maybe I had a too much expectation..PROs:- they invite top DJs- big lounge outside- nice interior displayCONS:- smallass dancefloor- hence it gets ridiculously crowded especially when the top DJs are playing- people pushing and pouring drinks on each other- pricey drinks... $14!!- $8 for a bottle of water.... PS:- prepare yourself to walk up 2-3 floors to get there!- buy presale ticket to avoid lineFYI I came here last week for Dash Berlin. For some reason he arrived at 1:30am and I thought that was a bit of a wait although I enjoyed Rebecca & Fiona's set.
1	RUDE RUDE RUDE bouncers, way too expensive for guys (not worth $$$), the crowd is ok, the music is good, and the crowd is mixed, but def no creepers here. We were on the guestlist but my sis went in first w/ half our grp and I got there like 2 mins later and they wouldn't let us in. Refused us entry so we walked away, came back 15 mins later same bouncer let us in. As*hole. Two floors, upstairs house trance whatever you call it , same sound & beat over & over again & blinding lights that gave me a migraine. Downstairs had some good hip hop. Dash Berlin was performing that night. But we had to call it quits early (1:15am lol) & never saw his face. My feet were getting tired & I'm getting too old for this kind of stuff. Eh, first time clubbing in Vegas & not that impressed w/ the amount of cover charge you have to pay to get in, upside they can suck $$$ out of your credit card for the cover. Partying in Vegas is so overrated. Sh*t should have gambled inside Cosmo to get my bf cover charge money back lol. NEGATIVE 5 STARS. You would think for the amt of cover charge guys pay Rihanna was in there serving drinks off her tatas. lol
4	The nightclub here is definitely Top 3 in Vegas. I'll usually swing by for a night because i'm usually here for 3 nights, hence... one club a night.I've had nothing but pleasant experiences so we'll start them off at 5 stars.Our female friends were in their room getting ready, you know how females are? We were downstairs gambling, eating, pregaming, and getting ready to go in of course... We approach the line and the bouncer says he is unable to accommodate our party due to the ratio. We had explained that the girls were getting ready and this was our last night so we wanted to drink our faces and race to see who would get alcohol poisoning first.. He didn't care. Understandable, still at 5 stars to be GENEROUS.You know the drill.. a hip hop room which was especially ratchet this night and MEGA crowded.. So crowded my shoes were trampled, girls hair was all up in my face, people grabbing so many asses including mine. PAUSE..... -1 We're at 4.The insides are the same, beautiful as ever. HIP HOP floor, MAIN room which the usually HOUSE/EDM DJ will spin and melt your faces, and the top THIRD floor aka the library is complete with bathroom and billards table for your lounging pleasure. The ratio was terrible that night. There were so many dudes there I felt like I was partying at an all-boys high school. It was awkward, weird, and lame all at the same time. Never experienced a ratio like that, guess I know why the bouncer was trying so hard to enforce at the door! -1 We're at 3.The drinks were obviously overpriced, its Vegas don't lose your titties... BUT I was super duper mega ultra faded and ended up losing my CREDIT CARD! AH! The last charge was made at Marquee so I assume I bought some rounds and left it there? Regardless, there were no other charges. I'll give Marquee staff the benefit of the doubt and say they held it and tore it up until I could realize and call my bank 2 days later lololol!! +1 star. We're back at 4!VOILA! THERE YOU HAVE IT!
1	MAKING GIRLS WALK 10 flights of stairs up and down???? That is absolutely insane especially considering there were elevators but no we had to walk like dogs in heels. Completely Inhumane treatment !!!!!!!! Will never go back ... Don't know how to treat your customers!
4	marquee gets wayyyyyyy tooooooo paaaaccckkkkkkkeeeedddddd!!!but if you get a room at cosmo, you get in marquee vip style, free and no wait.of course not where there's big DJs there, but you do get to skip the line.day club is always packed too, if you like packed clubs, marquee is where you should go.
2	There was a time when I use to love Marquee but recently my experiences here are getting worse and worse for both day and night.Admission: If you are a guy, always always buy presale tickets unless you don't mind waiting hours in line just to pay extra money.Bouncers: Typically I'm not the one to judge or criticize someone until I know them well enough but I can't help myself from believing that the bouncers here are mindless drones with little to no common sense. A friend and I went to the day club for Dash and were denied admission due to the dress code. The overweight, bald, uneducated douche informed us that we had to wear a proper "shirt" to get in. FYI, we were wearing swimming trunks and black wife-beaters. People with tank tops were walking in and when we questioned him, he told us that tanks were allowed but not wife-beaters. I don't understand what kind of logic goes through this drones non-existent brain but a wife-beater is simply a ribbed skin tight tank made from a different material. Plus, it's a freaking POOL PARTY I'm going to be shirtless the moment I get inside. My friend and I walked over to the store next door and purchased an over priced tank top; walked back into Marquee shaking our heads in disgust of how ignorant some people can be.Drinks: It's Vegas so obviously drinks are going to be around $15.Venue: DAY- Although a bit small, I always have a good time at the Marquee day party. The main pool is a public restroom but fun to splash nevertheless when the beat drops. The shallow pool with the waterfall is much cleaner and less disgusting. They have two bars you can order from and a few gambling tables. You can only sit if you bought a table.NIGHT- Two different rooms and the outside (where they have the pool party). This place is PACKED to the point where it is almost impossible to move around. If you aren't on the dance floor by 11 or 12, chances are you'll never be able to go on it. Once you leave the dance floor, you won't be able to get back in. So at this point, you'll be forced to just chill outside if you don't have a table. This is the main reason why I don't like Marquee that much anymore. There are just too many people and you'll end up outside.Music: Music is always good, they always have good headliners that know how to please a crowd.TLDR: Come here for the DAY for a fun time, avoid NIGHT at all costs unless you enjoy not being able to move. To their management: Please screen all your employees especially your bouncers for a basic test of common sense before hiring.
4	Second night clubbing. Got on the guest list through Bryan. Thanks! He had asked a co-worker to bring us upstairs. A lot of walking. First is going up the escalator to the second floor. Then we were given the choice of taking the stairs or the elevator. We didn't think it would be bad so we chose the stairs... My feet started hurting already.There's three floors. Each floor had different kinds of music.The top floor has the pool. There's Jacuzzis and areas where the bottle service is, I assume. Bars are set up all over the place. Still expensive. Coming here early, everyone's just standing around. A lot of places to wander around.They have a souvenir kiosk thing.Also if your feet start to hurt they sell slippers and band-aids in the bathroom. That's just awesome.If you want to get from floor to floor you have to take the stairs. The elevators are for the promoters.A lot of good looking people.
5	I love Marquee. I love it love it love it. I feel like people love to hate on nightclubs sometimes but it's kind of like there's always going to be something you don't like. If it's a hot, popular club, chances are it's going to be crowded and/or hard to get into. And/or expensive. Just kind of the way it is haha. But anyway,  I like and wanted to go to Marquee for my birthday last weekend because it's one of the only huge Vegas clubs on the strip with a hip hop room. I used my friends club promoter to get us on the list (4 girls) and we got in in about ten minutes no problem. I've been held up in their lines for way longer before but it's kinda like eh, what are you gonna do. If you're a guy I think the lines/cover situation is definitely a bit more of a pain in the arse. Hip hop room was awesome. I can't do that techno ish so it was perfect for us. We hardly left that room all night. When we did step out, we saw there were tons of places to hang out and get great views of the strip. VIP areas looked fun too, they were little cabana type things by the pool area. The main dance floor looked pretty fun too - it was more open than places like Tryst and Tao so it seemed like you could actually move around there. Definitely plan on coming back as long as they have that hip hop room!
4	I was debating on whether to give it 3 or 4 stars but decided to rate it based on the place itself rather than the fact that I'm not into clubbing anymore. This place does look great and it was crowded. The line was long but it moved very fast and I was able to get in free even thought the guy could not find my name on the list. Guys have to pay $50. But it is Vegas so I wouldn't expect anything else. The drink was good and the music was good. We danced for a little while but then ended up sitting outside by the pool area. It was gorgeous outside and that's the reason why I would give it 4 Stars. In fact that was the whole reason I came here because I knew they had an outside area where we could sit and enjoy the night. I can't do the whole dancing thing for hours anymore:-) .
4	One of my favorite clubs in Vegas! I'm not a huge fan of house music but I don't mind coming out to see whichever DJ my friends wanna see. I just can't really stay on the main floor all night because I would lose my mind. It can get super crowded, like swaying-with-the-crowd crowded, and my lack of interest in house music doesn't really help the situation. After about an hour or so trying to find a space on the main floor, I'll usually head down to the Boombox room which is a smaller floor where they play hip-hop. There's a bar on this floor too, as well as some VIP table area. It's not as big or extravagant as the main floor but I like it a lot better since I'm a bigger hip-hop fan. There's also a bathroom right outside so you don't have to walk through waves and waves of people just to freshen up. If you're on guest list, they'll generally let you take the elevators up to the club. However, if you leave before a certain time, you'll have to take all those flights of stairs back down to Cosmo.
4	My favorite club in Vegas! I bought my tickets online for Kaskade, getting in was such a breeze. It took us no more than 10 mins. Kaskade blew my mind, his whole set was a full on experience. The good vibes and energy was amazing. We were on the main floor right under Kaskade and the cool bursts of fog, butterfly confetti, and strobe lights were so sick. Loved it
3	Such a love/hate relationship with this club...PROS: 1. Great Hip Hop floor (very rare in Vegas now)2. Excellent EDM DJs!3. Strong drinks!CONS:1. SO MANY STAIRS... literally 3 flights to enter and 3 flights to exit. My shoes are usually off by the time I step out of the club.2. The dance floor is so small that if you don't get on it before midnight, it'll prob be closed off. It's also super packed so it's nearly impossible to stay there for too long. CAN'T BREATHE.3. Drinks are expensive (standard), but not a big deal for girls.There are different lines on different floors.2nd floor is guest list and that line gets LONG.3rd floor is presale tickets and you basically go in right away.It's convenient to stay at this hotel bc you can go in early (no lines), get a re-entry stamp and go back up to your hotel room and continue drinking!It doesn't get packed until 11PM anyways and DJs usually don't come on until past 1AM.If you're with a group of girls, security will take you to bottle service tables occupied by all guys.I love the decor of the place but I wish the dance floor was bigger!If you are up front, you'll be hit with lots of confetti and sometimes $1 bills are shot from the stage as well!The outside area (where dayclub is) is also very nice but there's nowhere to sit unless you have a table. There are 2 rows of tables that line the main dance floor and a row of tables and another row of cabanas that line the pool area outside.There are also a few Blackjack tables out there.I always dread going to this place but for some reason, I always end up coming back...
2	Pretty can't make up for all the suck.-The line(s)  to get in were stupid. Baaaaaa, you feel like a sheep. - It was waaaay over crowded. There was only room for the beautiful people to stand around beautifully. -Don't go there to dance. The "dance" floors are standing room only. -The music sucked. The DJ played the same dance song beat all effing night.-Only the people that pay for bottle service get to set down. - Drinks were Vegas priced (insane for no reason).-It's a long way down when you are ready to GTFO. The club was pretty, the pool was pretty, the private bungalows were pretty. If you are going for pretty, this is the place. If you must go, get on the guest list. At least save yourself the 20-30 dollar cover. Use the internet to figure out how to do that.Edit: The place didn't smell like vomit, unlike several other Vegas establishments.
5	This review is written strictly for the day club, because it was a wonderful way to wrap up our group's last day in Vegas! Even on a Sunday, this place knows how to throw a great party! I loved the energy too! Unlike Wet Republic, the staff wasn't pretentious at all. I never got the impression that "You're lucky to be here." Instead, the impression I got was, "We are happy to have you here!" When entering the elevator to go up to the pool, the manager said, "All I expect from you while you're here is to have a smile on your face, so let us know what we can do to make your experience great." There was open bar on simple cocktails from 11-1, and in addition to that, we were also given 2 drink coupons once the open bar was over. When the DJ came on stage, there was a huge parade with inflatable penguins, beach balls, and best of all foam shooting out of the large artificial palm trees. People were cheering, dancing, and splashing like crazy! I've never had so much fun at a pool party! The private cabanas had private spas with glass walls so everything was on display, and water spilled over the edge of the glass as they would in "endless" pools. Pretty awesome design!Girls adorned in Lady Gaga-like attire pranced about the premises taking pictures with everyone and dancing up on stage which added to the overall experience. Did I mention I loved my time here? Because I did!!
3	This place is way overrated. People love it more than they should because it's in the Cosmo. It's a great hotel, but it's day club is not better than any of the other decent ones.The place was packed. The DJ was good. But unless you have a daybed or cabana, it's not as enjoyable. The minimum for a daybed was $1500. After the hefty that's closer to $2100. The reason you consider it is to have a place to put your stuff. That's a steep price to pay for a little space.Save your money and go somewhere else.
5	Dayclub/Pool Party: I don't know HOW this place is rated lower than Wet Republic. WR is a bunch of stuck up people standing around trying to impress each other, at least at Marquee, things get crazy, tons of dancing, eating & drinking. Most people are incredibly friendly (and generous). My party of 10 ladies were on the guestlist and got in for free AND enjoyed a few hours of free drinks at the bar. Wait wasn't long at all. I think cover for guys on Friday was $30, Saturday was more expensive. Oh and lockers are $30, so only bring essentials. Friday started out casual and it got more fun as the day went on, we ended up getting a fish bowl drink (it was too sweet and made my stomach hurt so I stuck to my vodka tonics). As far as drinks, I know fishbowl was $175 but it's party sized and regular drinks I think were ~$8-9, I didn't pay for much... Thanks, new friends :-) Pool water is what you would expect from a dayclub. Saturday was nuts, dancing in the pool meant splashing; you can hardly breathe and you can't open your eyes. Haha but it was a blast, I met a few people on Saturday that I had met on Friday :-) I was a dancing machine here. When I come back, I know this is where I'll be!P.S. Eric, the locker guy was my favorite; super helpful and carried on a great conversation while I was waiting for my girl friend.
3	Marquee Nightclub is set in the beautiful Cosmopolitan Casino. What a stunning casino with all the luxurious looking chandeliers. After seeing the casino you only expect the best with Marquee Nightclub.The line moves quick to get in and they shuttle everyone up in elevators (which later you find to be misleading) to the main dance floor. Once the doors open to the elevator your immediately engulfed with music which gets you pumped. The main floor that opens into the pool area overlooks part of Vegas. It is absolutely gorgeous. I would go back only to book a cabana and hang out there. Lovely. However the remaining portion of the dance club I could care less. The Beat Box (downstairs) I was expecting to be my favorite floor since I love Rap/Hip/Hop & 90's style music but unfortunately the place is way too small and over packed with people. Ash from cigarettes were being flung on the dance floor burning several others around them. People were pushing to get through to the dance floor which was bleeding out into the remainder of the bar area. Literally you were stuck in one place with little room to move. Huge let down. The Library (which is located upstairs) was a little bit better but very low-key. Part of our group booked a table & bottle service here and unfortunately it was not as much fun as we expected. We wanted to be down on the main floor for the music and fun there. If you are looking for a place to unwind or potty-break go there.The end of the night was a major let down. Now I understand why Marquee took everyone up in elevators - 10 flights of carpet & metal staircases - seriously. Don't know how this isn't a liability for the club with all the drunks that are leaving at the end of the night. This place is supposedly rated the 2nd top nightclub behind Hakkasan. If I were you I would save your time and go elsewhere - unless you bought bottle service at one of the poolside cabanas.
5	Can I say that I had an ultra-fabulous time here - for both day time and night time outings?  Their pool parties are awesome with the DJ music, full bars, multiple pools and people!Their night clubs are fantastic.  I went when Kasade was playing on the top dance floor area and hip hop music was playing downstairs.  You can get a taste of both music genres!  It was super crowded when Kaskade was playing all night.  This place never sleeps!  Literally.You cannot avoid Marquee when you're in Vegas.  It is the "IT" place to go to!They also have a small outside patio area, where you can take a second to breathe in the livelihood of Vegas!The lines, however, for guestlist, can get really, really, strenuously long.  Try to beat the line by getting there at around 8pm!  Yes, 8pm!  It is super early to get into a club that early, but trust me.  Getting in line that early, is actually being on time for Marquee!  Your whole day can be spent blissfully here!
5	One of the best clubs in Vegas! The only thing is that it gets way too crowded that there's no room to move sometimes. Their rooftop lounge is absolutely stunning! Make sure to put this on your Vegas to-do list!
5	How come nobody likes this place?  It's cool, it's modern, the music is awesome, and they have trance AND hip-hop?  What's not to love?  The only bad thing are the drink prices, but what do you expect for a Vegas club on the Strip?The main floor usually has a some kick butt DJ like like Marcus Schultz or some other top DJ of the world and there is also an upstairs.  If you buy tickets in advance, you skip the crazy long lines, which I've never had to ensure (also a plus when you're a hot, single chick with no dudes in your party).  The music is loud as it should be in a club and the vibe is awesome.  They have an outdoor area that's really refreshing and also has a screen of the DJ playing, and the layout really simple.There's a hip hop room for those of you who don't like trance, and though it's small, the DJ plays REALLY good songs.  Great place to party and a great place to have a good time with friends.  The ambiance is super nice, and the people are beautiful.  Like I said, what's not to like?
1	Well we didn't get in.  We go to vegas every year.  It was last Thanksgiving time.  His shoes weren't "fancy" enough although they looked nice and fine enough for Encore's club.  Bouncers were rude.  We were staying at the Cosmo and we were told no benefit to that because the Nightclub is owned separately so I'm confused by others posting differently.  I think I'm glad now we didn't check it out after hearing about the stairs.
5	Had a blast with my Girlfriend on Monday night, their Industry night.  I was exhausted from partying with the boys but after getting hooked up with free entry, a stiff $12 drink and some amazing house music....did I mention the sexy Daft Punk girls, lazer, ice blowing, confetti dropping, heart thumping...list goes on.  It was one of my best club nights ever.  I'd go back.
5	Marquee dayclub is soooo much fun. Probably one of my favorite pool parties I have been in Vegas. The energy is amazing here everyone is absolutely having the time of their life. The pool is a bit small considering how huge the Cosmo is but it's so much fun it really doesn't matter. It's a huge splash party here lol you just really let loose.People get crazy here but in a good way. The music is awesome. Staff is friendly and helpful. There's tables just in case you feel like gambling.
5	I was here with a large group on Saturday night to see Kaskade... wow, what an amazing time! The venue is AWESOME... I highly recommend spending some time outside (not just inside as it gets a bit cramped in there). We had a cabana table outside... it was awesome!The show was great, the venue was fabulous and our waitress/host (Kori) was fantastic! I never had to look around to see where she was or struggle to get drinks. They were right on top of things! My sister wanted some foam sticks that she had seen passed around elsewhere, one of the male hosts at the club went and found more than enough for the table without question. Let me tell you... this is how Vegas is done!I will say... I am sure we could not have gotten all this if it hadn't been for the large group and some great winnings the night before.. but I think it would have been a GREAT time anyway! Hell, you're outside in the awesome night air... by the pool and dancing to great music! Honestly, I had such a great time and the service was so wonderful that I have since called to contact the GM directly. I definitely suggest heading here if you're looking for a good time in Vegas!
1	If I wanted to get screwed in Vegas, I could have hired someone to do it for a lot less money. I will absolutely, positively never come back to the Marquee under any circumstances ever again. If I could give zero stars, I absolutely would. I was in town last week with a big group at the Blackhat/DEF CON conferences. We decided to throw down a silly amount of money and buy a big cabana at Marquee for Saturday night. Not a table, not just bottle service, a whole cabana. A handful of our group finished dinner early and headed to the Cosmopolitan while the rest of the group finished at our respective client dinners. On our way over in the limo, a few people who had headed over just before texted us, frustrated, and said they were leaving because they couldn't get through the line. Worried, we showed up to find there was, in fact, a massive amount of people waiting to get in. We thought we'd be ok, since we had just dropped a bucket load of money on a cabana. Turns out not. We were passed around from rude bouncer to bouncer, and no one was interested in giving us the time of day, none the less telling us why we couldn't get in (they were terribly disorganized. What a hot mess). Finally a nicer gentleman let us know they were on a door hold and we wouldn't be getting in anytime soon regardless of the amount of money we dropped. I understand fire code and whatnot, but since we had bought space, we should have been accounted for. So we stood there. For hours (2 1/2 hours, actually). And watched as scantily clad women kissed the bouncers, begging to get in, and naturally, were let in. DOOR HOLD IS BULLSHIT! Our couple of friends on the inside tried everything they could, and we tried everything we could, to no avail (not even a $200 handshake would sway these guys). Alas, we abandoned our very expensive, practically empty, unused cabana and went else where (where we had a blast, I might add). What a huge, horrific waste of time and money. Go to Surrender. Or anywhere else. DO NOT BUY A MARQUEE CABANA! I've never paid so much money to be treated so terribly.
1	MARQUEE... i did not even want to give them one star... WELL... been there done that... I am not a fan... for someone who goes to vegas often MARQUEE IS NOT THE PLACE TO BE.... was there with 25+ppl this weekend saturday many of them who wanted to experience Kaskade.... well first off the door man said no our group was seen drinking and we wont be allowed to go inside...where in vegas is drinking not allowed??? ..... #2 ... we were told our group is to big for the club... really isnt this venue 3-5storyz?.... #3 the communication between each host and door person that talked to us sucked... no one knew what the other was doing... i would never spend time or money here again and i recommend others do the same... waste of time waste of money not worth it... especially when I saw kaskade spin for FREE on Halloween at Marquee with 7 other ppl  ... kaskade isnt there just one nite hes there every nite.... smh.... worst place ever DONT GO!  oh yeah and the foam sticks suck Hakkasan foam sticks are better!
5	I came here to see Kaskade, and only went with my twin brother (I was here for a family reunion and my family isn't the clubbing type) but had an amazing time nonetheless. We bought our tickets weeks in advance as we knew we'd be attending, and got in no problem. However, I should mention we got there early - 10. But with no girls in our group I was real happy we still got in very quickly. (If we had not bought our tickets in advance, we would have been forced to go into a massive line, but thats the case with any good Vegas club)Anyways, this place was packed with beautiful girls, my twin literally could not believe it, and the ratio was great. Kaskade was unreal. Best show I've seen ANYWHERE, and he played for around 4 hours. What made me want to really leave a review for this place however, was the service that we were treated with by the bouncers and everyone working the event in general. My brother ended up losing his wallet, and we informed a bouncer later in the night, he was real kind and gave us the lost and found business card of the club. We called it in the morning, and they had the wallet. Huge break for my brother, and nothing was missing. Anyways, great club, they have the worlds best DJ there, and the staff is great, you should probably go
4	For our last night in Vegas, we decided to go see Kaskade for "Summer Lovin" at Marquee! Marquee is located in the absolutely gorgeous Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino. Everything about this hotel is fabulous and just screams Vegas!We met a promoter a couple nights before and he got us on the guestlist (thanks Danny!) and we had no problems getting in. Definitely get on a guestlist because this place was super crowded around 10-10:30! Marquee has multiple floors with different rooms and music but we stayed on the main floor for Kaskade. It's such a beautiful club and a very close second to my favorite, XS. The pool area is amazing at night! There are tons of cabanas and VIP tables outside as well as inside. Drink prices were pretty standard however I didn't drink too much because once you left the main DJ area, it was hard to get back in since it was so crowded. The one thing I didn't like about Marquee was the stairs! WHY are there so many!?! My 5-inch heels could not handle it but thankfully I brought some TOMS to give my feet a break. Ladies, do yourself a favor and wear flats, sandals, or wedges...your feet will thank you later, trust me! Overall, we had a great last night in Vegas at Marquee! I wish we had a chance to go to their pool party, but I guess that means we'll just have to make another trip ;) Marquee is definitely a must if you are in Vegas!
4	I (along with 5 other friends) came to see Weezer at Marquee and had a great time.  I'm not the Vegas club going type but if I were, this would be the place I would frequent.
4	Best night to go is Friday.  I have a love hate relationship with this place.  Once you are in and it is crowded you have no choice but to hang out by the pool.  And the exit going down several flights of stairs in not good for women
3	This place was so beautiful! Got in on a guestlist, so I was there since 10pm waiting for kaskade to play at 1am. It was a fun, classy place. Lots of tall people, I felt way short. Only reason it got 3 stars instead of 4 is because of an asshole bouncer. He went on a power trip, but we got in anyways because of a nice one.
4	I am reviewing the dayclub, I drove to Vegas to see my favorite DJ Kaskade. I was hyped up and ready to party.  I picked up my tickets at will call and headed up the stairs outside to wait in line which it was 100 degrees out. I don't mind it as much as my friends did, they were dieing. I am from Vegas originally so I can deal better with it.   They need to add some ez ups outside so you aren't frying in the heat just saying, Anyway we finally get in after 30 minutes in the line.  Not too packed yet decent looking people had to wait a little for drinks at bar but service was friendly.  Drinks were good and strong.  When we got there Alex kenji was playing he was good but it was more like ultra loungy music then CLUB music.  So we got lucky to find us a spot along the side of the pool because once the people started flowing in the place was packed by 3pm. Kaskade came on around 2:30ish I think and the whole vibe of the place changed from chill to excited, pumped and just ready to have a good time. This was my 2nd time seeing Kaskade and he did not disappoint. He was AMAZING. there was bubbles in the air and CO2 machine going and great mixes and the pool was packed there wasn't any room left to get anyone else in comfortably. Once the beat dropped real good on every song he played  the whole pool was dancing and splashing it was awesome. So if any girls think there makeup and hair will stay yea right. It gets destroyed I along with plenty of other girls were pulling the fake eyelashes off hahaha.  GOOD TIMES KASKADE GOOD TIMES... Only 2 complaints but you really cannot control is Lots of people peeing in pool I am sure and tons of lotion makes the water foggy which kind of freaks you out and Kaskade only played for alike hour and a half I think but whatever I would pay to see him over and over again.
4	It being a long weekend, there was cover but an acquaintance had us on the guest list. We had a group of 15 to celebrate a bachelorette party. We were definitely ready for some fun!Once in the club, we escorted to the main dance floor and comped 6 bottles of champagne, for bottle service. I guess it helps to have hot girlfriends who were partying it up Sin City style. Being comped, from what I've read, is pretty standard when you're a group of girls. But, it still felt pretty awesome to get that many bottles for free.What happens inbetween the start of drinking and before I got separated from the group, shall remain unsaid....After losing my friends (accidentally!!), trying to find my way out of the club became an adventure in itself. Try four inch heels, three ass pats, a couple of dances later and, eventually, making it down a whole lotta stairways to get out of the club, in one piece.When I eventually found my way out of the club (so many stairs! WTF?), I saw half the party noshing on pizza and the other half with the bachelorette who was saying, "Where's Rianne? Oh, my gosh! We lost Rianne! Rianne never gets lost!" I felt loved. Interesting night, indeed. I was pretty sure I'd hate myself in the morning. But, I did have fun. It didn't hurt that there was no cover and a lot of free alcohol. =P
4	Marquee day club could be better, but Marquee night club is the best time in town. We were guests of the Cosmo so we got in for free, and did not have to wait in line. The club itself is massive, but really sexy and cool. Although it was wall to wall people I never had to wait for a drink. The drinks surprisingly not that expensive  I only paid $14 for a Ketel one and water (which is amazing for Vegas). We were there to see W&W I have to say that put on an amazing show! The light show was crazy and W&W put out so much energy! The downside is the dreaded stairs. My suggestion is stay sober enough to tackle them.
3	Went to see Kaskade, Summer Lovin tour on a Saturday night. Club was way to packed, must have over sold it. If you left the main room, you'd have to wait in line to get back in. Club as far as decor and furniture was outstanding. The security staff is one of the reasons I gave a low star rating and a reason that I probably won't go back. Security was very pushy and mouthy. Customer service is #1, especially when your prices are so high, you expect good service with a good attitude. The bartenders were awesome, and also the bathroom attendants . Prices so you know are $10 for an aluminum bottle or can of beer, $8 for a 20oz bottle of water, and $12 for a well mixed drink.
4	Marquee is a great time! I've been here everytime I've visited Vegas n always had a blast!PROS: ladies can get in free on the guest list before 12 n guys are discounted. ALL the promoters are great!numerous floors for a variety of music.You can go outside for a smoke n some air.CONS: lines are long as hell! Get there early!
1	Worst club experience ever!! I live in Las Vegas and meet some friends at Marquee. Within the first 10 minutes of being there my purse was stolen, I will take partial responsibility because I brought my purse into a club but security was terrible when I tried to file a report. Also, climbing three stories of stairs in heels is was a horrible  inconvenience!!! **Caution - I saw drunk patrons fall down the stairs!! There was still no support elevator for people too drunk to walk down the stairs.
2	Saw W&W last Monday using my free vCard pass. It was an ok club. The wait to get in wasn't too long, but we were in the VIP line. The drinks were expensive and weak, which was expected because its Vegas. The type of people there were mixed, but I did notice a lot more older people than I thought there would be (like people pushing 50). My main problem was that their main dance floor was small. At one point, they weren't letting people go on the main dance floor because it was overcrowded, which was disappointing because I came there to dance, not to stand around with my overpriced drink. We left right when W&W were done because there was simply nothing that excited us about this club. Very over-hyped for sure. Don't pay full price and try to get on a guest list because its not worth paying that much money.
5	Good Lord where do I start with this review? BEST DAYCLUB EVER!!! I've been to a fair few pool parties in my time (incl. European pool parties) and this place by far has far exceeded anything I've experienced. Straight off the bat, this place is not cheap. Daybeds cost $1000 and cabanas in excess of $5000 however, the table service given is exceptional. Weekdays are cheaper and let's face it, It doesn't really matter what day you come to Vegas, it still packs a crowd. We came here on a Saturday so be prepared for an influx of bachelor and hens parties - and you know what that means - total unadulterated debauchery !!! The only negative I have of this place is the door staff carry some massive egos so if you can get past that, you'll no doubt have a crazy, alcohol fueled day!!! Till next time Marquee ...
2	Went to Kaskade Summer Lovin 8/18 Dayclub. A tip if you bought prepaid tickets, get the tickets on floor 1 and the line is on floor 3. Be prepared for a few flights of stars going up. So why 2 stars for this club?? I had bought 5 tickets weeks ago and the ticket booth had me marked for only 4. I had all my paperwork with confirmations. The ladies in the front were helpful but making me wait 30 mins+ for 1 ticket I already paid for was absurd! Manager shows up and gets my other ticket within two minutes. However, they wasted half an hour I could have been upstairs. Manager didn't offer anything complimentary but an apology. With the lack of poor management, i'd rather bother with a different place. Make sure you wear swim trunks! There's a dress code even for the day club believe it or not. Would have been a 1 star but Kaskade didn't disappoint!
5	This review is for the nightclub only, the Dayclub we did not really make it to sadly.Imagine the cockpit of an alien spacecraft, that is basically what the main DJ stage resembles. They open the Dayclub at night so you can get a breath of fresh air. They have random smaller bars off the elevators and some on each side of the main stage.It was really nice to see they had Amstel light for $9, and other high end drinks for $13 (not bad) Plus, they GIVE YOU FREE WATER. Surrender and Haze nightclub charged $8 for a bottle of water. It was really nice to see all the bartenders were cool with keeping Hydrated.We saw W&W here and they handed out orange glow sticks to everyone which was pretty cool. All of the light, smoke, confetti were nicely coordinated with the songs. So far, best club experience in Las Vegas, although I have not been to XS or Hakkasan yet.Make sure you bring cash with you though, because you can get into the main circle near the DJ's but you have to give the bouncers $20. Not bad for getting VIP seats without paying bottle service. I will be back.
2	So Marquee gets 2 stars for being pretty and for having 3 floors with different types of music. But here's where it loses 3 stars:- Even though we were on the guest list, we had to wait in line, just to wait in another line, just to wait in yet ANOTHER line...to be told to walk up 4 flights of stairs in 5-inch heels. One of our girls has a serious heart condition, so she cannot exert herself and we had expressed that to our promoter who told us that we were in line for the elevator. Either he was in idiot or that was a lie. Once we got to the stairs and told security our situation, they allowed us to use the elevator immediately, which is what they should have done in the first place. Took us an hour before we made it into the club.- Standing room only, unless you're willing to pay $$$$ for bottles. (ladies, I would advise stashing flats/flip-flops in your clutches)- Having to precariously teeter down 4 flights of industrial stairs in heels (security won't allow you to take off your shoes for liability reasons, they would rather have you fall to your death in your pumps).We met some nice people who offered to buy us drinks, which I turned down because I was already exhausted from waiting in line in heels and not getting enough sleep after partying the night before. I was ready to head out at about 1am...I know, very early for Vegas. At some point, we were invited to sit at a table hosted by a bachelor party. I didn't drink, just grateful to rest my feet. The girls were polite, only drank what was offered, but mostly engaged in polite conversation. Then, out of nowhere, the groom's deranged brother flipped his lid and started spewing hate and profanities directed at our group and demanded that we vacate their table. Everyone was shocked, including the bottle service girl who shot me horrified and apologetic looks. Insulted, we quickly left. I saw her talking to him after we took off and, soon after, we noticed the table was vacant...guess they were kicked out for being offensive? The groom also ran into us later and apologized for his brother's actions. Eh, the damage was done, but we got over it quickly. I went back to our hotel room to sleep and the rest of the girls danced the night away and didn't stumble in until 5am. I think I would have enjoyed Marquee more if a) they would have had a more organized entry system b) if they had a safer exit system c) if I had worn more comfortable shoes d) if I could have avoided disastrous run-ins with douchey pricks with poor manners
5	loved lt, loved it, loved it! great EDM music, great environment. bought presales so there was no waiting in line BS, and only took 1 minute to walk in since presales had a seperate entrance. gets very packed when the main DJ comes on... so i advise to stay inside by the bar or main dance floor area. drinks are pricey but strong...and it takes a long time to get a drink so best to buy 3-4 drinks at a time, per person.
5	I am giving the Dayclub 5 stars, since I have not been to the nightclub. The dayclub was awesome though. I had the time of my life here. Great place to go buzzed or get drinks, and then party in the pool! People were nice, people were hitting a beach ball around in the pool which i found entertaining for quite some time. Highly suggest it if you're in day time vacation party mode!
3	PROS & CONS:PROS:Visually stunningTop TalentLasers galoreBeautiful PeopleGreat musicGreat layoutDifferent rooms (Boom Box and The Library)CONS:The line waits are ridiculous. There are two points of entry on the 3rd and 4th floors.Guest lists doesn't help or expedite the processTables sell out quicklyDISORGANIZEDSUPER, DUPER PACKEDThis is definitely one of the clubs you have to be in the know. You have to shell out tons and tons and tons of money. It is a holiday weekend, the crappiest table is going to be a $5000 minimum. I go to Marquee and deal with the chaos only when a DJ I love is there. Otherwise, this place is a headache and my mood is sour before I even step foot inside.
5	this review is for the nightclub only.in my opinion this is the best club in vegas. YOU MUST GO HERE!!!me and my boyfriend both got in for free because we were on a guestlist and i also got free vodka drinks (and they were made very strong :D). this place is HUGE! they have 3 different floors, each play different kinds of music and each has their own different atmosphere. the crowd was young and attracive (20s to early 30s).i will make it a point to come back here everytime i visit vegas!
4	This place rocks ! The huge Electronic Display on the dancefloor and live dancers give you a surreal mix of Digital and Live action to enhance the pumping and energizing music !If you got the FLAIR then VIP Tables and Cabanas are the way to go ! Actually its the only way to party right.I love to go here and be seen with some of the hottest people on the planet.Party it up PPL !Hit me up if you are in Vegas! If you are cool then MAYBE you can join our Table.HAHA see you soon !
3	I went to Marquee with very high hopes as it's supposed to be the hottest new club in Vegas. However, I was not impressed by a few quite important factors. But first, let's start with the positives: 1. Located in the trendy Cosmopolitan 2. Well crafted cocktails 3. Higher standards for getting in yet quite feasible - I contacted the promoter Larson beforehand and got me and my bf on the guest list. After that, it's a typical girls on the guest list get in for free and guys on the guest list pay $50 cover. If you're not on the guest list, you can't get in. It's simply that packed and there's a huge line. 4. Great DJs Here are the cons and the reason why Marquee is a solid 3 stars: 1. CRAZY packed. I literally could not even dance on the dance floor let alone move my hand. Since people are so close to each other, drink spills are beyond commonplace. So expect to have cran-vod spills on your sexy Vegas clubbing attire2. Very small. The venue is 3 stories with 1 floor for Hip Hop (where I spent most of my time), 1 floor for Electronic and 1 floor for Top 40s/mashups. Each floor is extremely small with the Hip Hop floor as the smallest. The "dance floor" is so tiny that it's no wonder the place is so packed! When I go clubbing, I expect to dance my heart out. And there was simply no room or space to do that. 3. The stairs from hell. Clearly the genius who designed this club could not have been a woman. To get from floor to floor, you have to walk up a flight of ridiculously high stairs and of course that equates to feet suicide for women.  So yes, the music is great and yes, the club is trendy but unfortunately it falls short on a few important tenets that warrant a 4 or 5 star review.
1	wayyyy over rated. Just because they have had stars here they think its acceptable to charge evryone alot but not worth it. It was a beautiful club, ok music, house music, but I expected way more.
3	Want to be herded in a circle around the dance floor like cattle? Want to be told "keep moving..." 18 times by the end of the night? Want to try to go onto the dance floor and be turned away 8 times? Well then this is the place to go!! In all seriousness, if its a big name DJ, get to the dance floor early and stay there. Dont leave or you might not get let back onto the dance floor. The area in front of the stage is small and gets super packed on a good/busy night.**As you can tell I didnt have much fun there that night, HOWEVER, that was for Kaskade on a Saturday night... I went back on monday to see W&W and the place was AWESOME. Plenty of space in front of the stage, didnt get herded around in a circle by security and had a blast.Cliff notes: Great club but gets super packed, cant even get onto the dance floor when its a big name dj... BUT go on an off night and its a great time.
5	I do not go to clubs often, but when I do, apparently I give it a 5 star review.  I came here on a Sunday with a group of ten for the dayclub event.  Kaskade was playing, but unfortunately for met, I strongly dislike EDM.  Despite this, I tried to have a positive outlook, and just tried to enjoy myself.  Our group decided to get bottle service since there were so many of us.  The table had a $1,000 minimum in order to get the table.  We arrived at the club a little before noon.  We were able to get in through the VIP line since we got the table.  Upon arrival, I was told by several staff and bouncers, that my basketball shorts were unacceptable.  Great... They told me that I could purchase shorts from them for $60.  I had no other choice, so I went along.  We then entered a room with about four or five other tables.  Inside was also a bar, with AC, which was a plus since it was so hot outside, and the it was only going to get warmer throughout the day.  After we got situated, a bunch of different people came to greet us.  I honestly felt like such a VIP because they were introducing themselves to us, and accommodating us in any way possible.  We decided on Ciroc and Jameson which were about $450 each.  We also ordered some fries and a pizza, which were a great snack considering we did not get the opportunity to eat breakfast yet.  And just like that, we reached the $1,000 minimum.  Luckily, they forgot, and  did not charge me for the shorts that they were so adamant about.  This was definitely a cool experience.  I guess it's true what they say.  Money really does talk.
3	To begin, walking through the Cosmopolitan was an incredible experience. I felt like I was literally walking into a movie. I'm not normally into glamour or luxury, but damn if I don't want to stay here the next time I'm in Vegas. I went here a few weekends ago on a Friday night to see W&W. My two girlfriends and I were on the guest list (our two guy friends bought tickets in advance and got inside before us) and probably had to wait around 25 minutes total to get inside. One thing I really didn't prepare for was the walk up the kinda-janky-yet-very-interesting stairs to get to the EDM floor. My friend wore flats that night and I was pretty jealous about an hour in. There aren't many places to sit if you don't have a table or a cabana, so beware. The dance floor was super tiny, and it eventually was swollen with people two hours into the night. I was lucky I didn't have a drink because I was shoved around and stepped on until I decided to leave. I couldn't handle it anymore, plus my wedges were killing me. I went outside for a much needed drink and waited about 5 minutes to get served. $14 for my Maker's Mark and ginger. It got more and more packed inside and outside as the night went on. W&W killed it, but we could barely see their set because of the massive swells of people. The lights were awesome and the dancers were getting their hawt thang going! The bathrooms were really nice, and they have everything a woman would ever need for sale at the counters. The interior is super high class and beautiful as well as the outside. The pool is so tempting! I wanted to dunk my feet in a few times. I give Marquee Nightclub three stars because when I compared it to my experiences at other Vegas nightclubs, it didn't stand out. I'd definitely come back here again, but maybe next time I'll either bring flats in my bag or come with a crew of girls only to increase our chances of getting invited to a table.
2	If I would've reviewed Marquee when I visited last year, I would've easily given it 4-5 stars. This time around, I was incredibly disappointed.Yes, the venue is beautiful, the people are beautiful, and the main stage lighting setup is great. But what's the point of having a club when there's no room to dance? I came to see my favorite edm dj Kaskade this past Saturday, and I didn't even get to see him because security kept shuffling us around the main stage.Lines are too long, venue was too crowded, and the outdoor area didn't play the music loudly enough. All they had outside was a video of Kaskade spinning inside. NO ONE WAS DANCING! How could you dance without any room? Ugh. I've seen Kaskade over 10 times at venues around the world and this was by far the WORST.HOWEVER!!!!! One thing did save the night: THE HIP HOP ROOM! This room was AWESOME!!! It wasn't crowded, the music was great, everyone was actually dancing, and they even did a cool bottle service show with the servers dressed in referee outfits holding sparklers and champagne bottles.Lastly, I like how they have improved their method of letting pre-sale ticket holders into the club. No long lines if you've purchased your tickets ahead of time, so make sure you do so (if you even decide to spend your night at this club)!
5	I been to the night club but it was my first time at the day club and I have to say again very classy nice and table service made it all that better
4	Went to Marquee Dayclub to see Kaskade...and it was frickin' amazing! We got in line around 10am to get tickets and be the first ones in, earning us great seats on the side of the pool. The venue got packed around 1pm, so make sure you get there early to avoid the line. The place provides lockers for $30, which is definitely a good deal, since you'll need a place to put your wallet and phone. Trust me, everything gets drenched; it's inevitable. So invest in a locker! Additionally, my friends got their shirts and flip flops jacked, so beware of thieves!!The music was great, the temperature got hot, and everyone was having a good time. Once Kaskade started playing, water was getting splashed everywhere, so prepare yourself for a wet and wild time. I dropped a star because the drinks were a little pricy. I know it's Vegas, but some drinks are over $15. You can try playing some pool side blackjack, where they serve free drinks to gamblers :-)
5	**Had someone loose their Iphone here and I'm guessing one of the staff found it and actually turned it in to lost and found** 5 stars for you Marquee. Went to Marquee 9/1/13 for Benny Benassi and Tritonal. Arrived here around 11pm and luckily had bought pre-sale tickets, the wait was around 20-30 mins. I noticed the lines resemble the Disneyland queues were you get in a line to go to another line etc. To go to Main Floor you take up an elevator you have to wait for. Walking in was visually stunning, this place is HUGE (Except the Dance Floor) The main floor is surrounded by tables and more tables. If you want to chill and talk you should go outside were there is more room to stand. The views are very nice. Make sure you check out BOOMBOX (Hip Hop Room) usually less crowded. Overall had a good time, the lights shows and confetti were awesome, although not as awesome as Hakkasan.Reason for four stars is that the Dance floor gets soo packed  the security cards will not let you in (Without a tip) Which is pretty annoying. It would be cool if they had the music louder outside by the big screen. I would definitely come back here. Drinks were Vegas average. Kept coming back to a bartender named MATT in the outside patio, because his drinks were LEGIT!
5	Came here on 8/19/13 which was a Monday night. My friend and I arrived here pretty early (10:15pm) and even though we were on guest list, the line was ENORMOUS. So we approached the main door security and after some friendly banter and conversation with the security guys, we were walked right in, bypassed the lines (including the line for the elevator) and brought right into the main floor. I thought that was incredibly nice of them as they didn't have to do that. I was surprised to see so many bad reviews about the security in this club, I never not once thought they were rude or obnoxious, they are simply trying to do their job whilst having to deal with a load of drunken idiots. The club it's self is lovely, nice layout. It was unbelievably busy and we didn't even attempt to get on to the dance floor. So perhaps they could have not filled the club quite as much as they did but my friend and I spent all evening at a table outside so it didn't matter too much to us how busy it was, especially inside. But I can see how it would be incredibly annoying for people trying to get on and off the dance floor. If I could give this review 4.5 stars I would, but I can't. Where I would knock half a star off would be for all the stairs you have to go down when leaving. And also because the stairs are metal and have little holes in them. Even though I was wearing comfortable heels I could walk in, the heel of my shoe got wedged and caught in between the stairs a couple of times. It's just a bit of a rubbish way to end what was a good night that you have to go down a load of stairs. Although once you've gone down them and gotten out of the club it's soon forgotten and it wouldn't put me off returning again as it really is a great club.
5	This new review is for the MARQUEE DAYCLUB! This pool party is a jaw dropping experience! It was a definite BLAST!!! I cant wait to come back.  It is a pool party in full effect! I loved it way better then REHAB.  I don't really care for Rehab.  This pool party is a must experience! Let me warn you though if you don't want to spend money don't come here! The Bucket of beer was $75.00 for 6 beers. Yes, I said for 6 beers! DAMN that's 12.50 a beer LOL.................when you can buy a 12-pack for 12.50. Oh well that's Vegas for you good thing we were loaded w/ alcohol when we showed up! Overall, the pool is fun!
1	I had 2 unpleasant encounters with this club, and felt I was so disgusted with the entrance folks there, I was about to do what most other people do INSIDE the club (you get the idea). It was Labor Day weekend 2013, 5 of us PAID for a table next to Armin (the big time DJ from Europe), the table ran around $5K (!). We all chipped in, and when I came to the entrance to go to my table, the security wouldn't let me in, simple as that. I don't know who they thought I was, but they would simply look away and ignore myself (and a bunch of other people with EXACT same request - to gain access to our PAID tables!!!). I told them the name on the credit card, everything, they simply brush it off. Same thing happened the next day! This time one of the dudes there pretended to check "the records" and when I pointed to a guard who personally escorted my guys to the table, he said "he sees me first time in his life" - I had to change my shoes, he told me to do so. At the same time the kept letting in some golddigger chicks (who looked liked they need to retire from too many years of doing that) without any issue. The club is terrible in that sense, and when I attended their "world famous" pool party, I was laughing at the claim - my pool in Redwood Shores is much much nicer, and I don't have to interact with drunken Indian guys who cannot hold alcohol, or crazy chicks jumping on everything that moves (I have nothing against good looking ladies doing just that) - I tell you the crowd looks like a usual crowd at a town fair, not much to look at. Skip this sh--ty place an go to Liquid at Aria (much more civilized), or elsewhere.
3	This Dayclub was boring. My star rating is based on a couple things. It was easy to get in (Friday Around 2PM) +1. And the cover was only $20 and free if you were on a guestlist +2. Opposed to Wet Republic and Liquid lounge at the Aria, the music here was all electronic that the crowd did not seem to know. Liquid had a top 40 hip hop mix that was WONDERFUL. Wet Republic had Aoki so everyone loved that. Marquee seemed like it was a dreary movie with people who were 'trying' to learn how to have fun. It's more a place for women to have sexy bikinis and dress up and not dance. Dudes just are jacked, tan, standing and looking lost.They need to up the fun factor here. It was fun being on a bed in the pool, however. The purple frozen drinks were delicious.+1
4	This review is only for Marquee Nightclub. Out of XS, Surrender and Hakkasan, Marquee was my favorite venue to go to at night in Las Vegas. Maybe it's because I'm a sucker for lanterns at night or that Kaskade is a resident here, but I loved going to this club. Since we arrived relatively late, the main stage was blocked off and we stuck around the outer area, which was understandable.  The dance floors were relatively crowded but that was to be expected. After my experience from Hakka-suck, I was very happy to see that there are areas outside where you can actually SIT and enjoy the music. The best part is that there are monitors outside for you to follow along as you sit near the pool and take in the pretty decorations around the area.
5	We had a great experience thanks to our promoter. He not only got us girls in for free, but the people who had a delayed flight were able to get in as well. Also, he gave the girl flip flops when our feet was tired. He didn't accept our tip either! Excellent customer service and we will definitely be using him in the future!
1	Here are my problems with Marquee1. Walking up and down 7 flights of stairs to get in/out is insanely inconvenient, especially when there are drunk people/heels/short dresses involved.2. They need to do a better job of managing capacity, there were so many people packed in there it was a fight to get anywhere or see anything. The club also caters more to table service than other groups as the tables take up the entire space surrounding the DJ, save for a little space for a dance floor that was too packed to allow for dancing.3. We went to the restroom, and then were told we had to wait in another long ass line for re-entry even though the bathroom is in the club?? Ridiculous. My group ended up getting fed up and going down to the Hip Hop club one floor down. The place is ratchet, but the music is good and there was actually room to dance and breathe. You'd have to pay me and carry me up the stairs to get me to go back to Marquee.
5	In my opinion, this place is great and well balanced. You have the packed dance floor and you have the outside area with a pool. This is both a great daytime venue, and a nightclub, and has been consistently for several years.
1	Incredibly disorganized and rude door staff, sent us upstairs then back downstairs trying to figure out where we were supposed to enter. (We were supposedly on "the list".) We got to the front of the line but had had enough of the staff's abuse before entering, so we left. Having fun should not be this much work. I'll pass.
5	As a local in Las Vegas I still consider Marquee to be one of my favorite clubs. I enjoy going to Light and Hakkasan, which are great, (don't get me wrong) but as a local, how you're taken care of in your own city makes the biggest difference with your experience. With that said, no one is ever more accommodating than my Marquee VIP Host, Carleen H. Regardless what time of day, no matter how late of a notice, Carleen H. always manage to work things out in order to take care of my parties, people I've referred, and myself... Just like how it should feel as a local.
5	Doing Vegas correctly includes proper bottle service and this place does it right. The DJ was amazing (went on 9/7/13). The O2 blasting down and confetti bombs make me happy. I love this club! Can not wait to go back.
3	Very, Very torn on this overall review. If I could separate it I would give 5 stars to the Dayclub and 3 stars to the Nightclub. Why you ask?Well they are combined, yes, all one, both stages are opposite of one another, one inside, one outside. Both were open when I attended the nightclub and when I attended the next day at the dayclub. So, that is kinda cool... you can go in between both no problem and when you are inside and SO HOT, you can walk outside to get some fresh air or if you are outside and SO HOT, you can go inside (during the day) and cool off.Positive things about Nightclub:- Amazing sound systemNegative things about the Nightclub:- PACKED inside beyond belief. I know that they think they have more room since both areas are open but if you are there to experience a certain DJ, more than likely you want to be inside, right? So it was packed so much that they were not allowing you to enter the main dance floor. There were employees everywhere telling you to keep moving - you could not stand anywhere near the dancefloor if you were not in the thick of it... which was cut off. However, my friend slipped the dude $20 to let us on the dancefloor, that worked (which made me sick to think about, how rude!!) however, when he requested to go use the restroom and come back, the dude asked for $60 more from him and any of us that had to use the restroom... ABSOLUTELY ABSURD! "Security" pocketing money when they should be there to, oh I don't know, keep everyone SAFE?!?! Terrible business antics I witnessed. I had to hold myself from not slapping some sense into the security dude. And some of you may be thinking, this girl has no idea what a club like this is for... and I do, it's a "high class" club that makes money off the VIP guests, well that doesn't mean you should be rude or offer different service to people who paid to get in the door and enjoy a night with their favorite DJ. Sigh... so sad. Negative things about both:- $8 water. WHAT? Yep $8 water. That should be illegal. Towards the end of the night when they are counting their HUGE $$ Bills... they will just give you a glass of ice water, how nice?- We had a "special" bracelet, as they have different package levels, specials etc, and our allowed us access to all the shows over LDW and each and every employee, the three times we went, had different information on what were allowed to have access with it. Some gave us VIP treatment, others had to ask 3 other people if we were even allowed in, it was a hot mess but I know overall it was appreciated since we were ultimately given correct access but we should not have had to jump over so many hoops to get what we had the right to receive. And the Dayclub is just an entire different beast! Yes, they pack people in but some are there for their VIP/Pool experience only and others for the DJ experience. I stood right up at the top bar next to the DJ booth and had room to dance and enjoy the entire day, lovely, just lovely. I appreciate that they had lockers as well! So overall, it's A-OK but if I had to return to the nightclub, I am not sure I would jump on the opportunity but wouldn't be completely against it if Kaskade were to pop in here again... thin line.
2	$50 for guys to get in. $15 Grey Goose/Club Sodas. Super packed, they clearly squeeze in as many people/money as possible. Won't let you keep your event ticket after entry as they claim you can allow others to get in with it (no bar code or stamp). DJ Mag claims this is the best club in the US...nope.
4	Review for the nightclubGreat atmosphere. Loved the different levels. When i wasn't feelin' the hip hop I moved to EDM and vice-versa. The drinks were $$$ so pre drink before the club so you don't have to buy that much from the bars. The DJ's were good. I see a lot of reviews about how bad the security were. They were not bad at all, they were just doing there jobs. Other than that, I will be returning again this year!
2	I think I had high hopes for this club because my sister was raving how beautiful it is. It's actually quite small, people are extremely pushy.They had body guards that stood around "hall" and they always tell people to keep moving. I guess it's for safety reasons, but they wouldn't let us into the dance floor until my friend asked nicely.Overall the experience is okay. I didn't get to explore the whole club. Floors are a bit slippery. So be careful ladies! People got drunk by the time I went in and because the spacing is so tight, I accidentally knocked someone's drink onto the floor.Great thing is that they do offer free water, do-it-yourself, kind of thing. I think every club should have that!
5	This club is pretty awesome in terms of party scene.  Been here twice in 2 years and had awesome times both times.  We did bottle service both times and to us its worth it because we do drink enough to make it worth it and I like having an area for myself to sit and relax in between dancing.  The downstairs is really small but the upstairs is a good size and the outdoor is really nice.  The only other club that rivals this place is XS.
4	I had a lot of fun at Marquee!Came here when Redfoo from LMFAO was performing, and a promoter sold us discounted tickets for $10.  We had one guy in our group, and he had to pay $20.  Still an ok price for Vegas, but man, guys really get the short end of the stick here.  Anyway, line wasn't that bad, but I think we arrived a bit too early because there weren't that many people around yet.  People here are giving the bouncers a hard time, but in my experience they were not that pushy.  I was trying to be slick and stole a "Party Rock" foam finger out of a VIP booth (yes, I had a little to drink...), and made eye contact with a bouncer as I was taking it.  He just laughed and told me to enjoy myself.  The outdoor area is a great area to take a breather and relax with friends.  Added plus is that you get a stunning view of the surrounding buildings! I would love to come back here while it's a day club; it was a shame to see the pool covered up.Only problem is that it became PACKED. Like sardines.  If you leave the dance floor for a drink, or to go to the bathroom, good luck getting back on.  We left for a few minutes, and upon coming back we were told that there was no more room on the floor.  We were told to keep moving, and were almost shunted out of the club, but we forced ourselves back onto the dance floor.  Isn't that a fire hazard? All in all, this is another club I want to experience again as a day club.  I also wish that we had been able to go to the different levels, but they were closed off for the special event.
2	This club is alright, nothing really to be impressed about. Very overrated and not as great when compared to the other amazing clubs is Vegas (i.e. XS, Hakkasan and Light). We went into the Boom Boom Room first for hip hop music and it was tiny!! Very crowded due to that fact people love to dance to hip hop and so it was crowded. Then we went upstairs to the House floor. It was decent, we had bottle service which was great. The decor inside the main room was not impressive since guys had to pay $50 to get in. Then when you are tired, drunk and exhausted from dancing, you have to take 6 stories  of stairs to get out. Luckily, I brought some flats in my purse, but my girlfriends' were less fortunate. They walked not only the 6 flights of stairs, but also walked to the Bellagio to get a cab since the Comsopolitan line was so long. But they wore their heels the whole time, of course.
4	Been here several times with my homies. I'll try to keep this short and concise. First time: we got bottle service at the rooftop. Rooftop is really nice since it is outdoors obviously (you get to breathe fresh air) and next to the pool (which kinda gives you a nice view). Our hostess was really nice and the dude that was looking out for us was chill as well. I believe that we got Patron as our bottles... I'm pretty sure they were a little watered down... but whatever. I am positive that we all had an awesome time. Most of us stayed til however long our bodies allowed us to. The club itself is pretty big. It is not huge to the point that you will get lost. Its the perfect size to not be packed. Every level has a different type of music so go dance to whatever you feel like. Full bar available everywhere pretty much as well. Probably one of the best clubs I've been. Thereafter, I just lined up or got pre-sale tickets. All the times I've had a blast.
4	I had a great time at Marquee Dayclub and the only reason why I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5 is because the pool is very small. My favorite pool party in Vegas is Encore Beach Club and If you've ever gone there you know that the pool is hugggggee with tons of places to sit even if you don't rent a daybed or lounge chair. Marquee's dayclub is sooo small, the pool is packed with people and there aren't a lot of places to sit and get in on the action. What I do love about marquee dayclub is that the dj booth overlooks the pool and they have this huge led screen that helps to get the party crackin'. They also have lockers downstairs that are pretty pricey but they have phone chargers in them so that made purchasing one a no brainer!  They also have blackjack tables(or something else, I don't gamble) if you want to hangout and gamble. All in all I had a great time and wouldn't mind going back to visit for some fun in the sun.
1	Attention to all girl, watch out for this club people stilling phone from my handbag and my friend bag too......Just when last Saturday, frist time in my life when to club and got jack from some people.
3	Marquee used to have a great crowd but recently over the past few months the crowd hasn't been as fun. The view is beautiful, if you get there early or have a table you don't have to climb up the 5 stories of stairs, but otherwise, you do.Beer's $10, most drinks are $10-15. For the main floor, there's two bathrooms, one inside which is really hot and busy and one outside by the back bar which is cooler and more empty. Also, the bar bar is a lot less busy than any of the others.Music is great and they DJs they book are the only reason to come here. Either get on guestlist through the website (if you're a girl and it's not Saturday) or get on a promoter guestlist (even ratios) for comped entry. There's never a reason to pay to get in here if you're female. Also, promoters let you know if there's specials like cheap tables or open bar (ladies only 10-11) going on so it's best to find one using some social media site. Super easy to find, my favorite is CJ- 702-708-4409, just shoot him a text. If you're staying at the Cosmo, you also get in for free and have a separate line for entry.Dance floor gets packed early and security keeps you moving (no standing in walkways... and almost everywhere inside is a walkway) If you're inside your best bet is by the long bar stage right of the mainstage on the way to the bathrooms or being a table rat. Seating is limited and really only available on the planters outside- also fills up fast. Long cab lines if you don't leave before 2.I prefer XS personally but it's worth seeing
2	Marquee Nightclub.  Overrated.I like the outdoor section at night.  There's even a few blackjack tables off to one side.  The club itself is very small and very broken up.  Unless you have a table (or you're outside watching from a tv) you're not going to see the DJ.  It seems like the club design was an afterthought of of the hotel.  Armin van Buren was playing the night I was there.If you're waiting to get in you'll never see people walking out b/c there is a separate and very ghetto metal staircase that you'll have to walk down do get out.  Not the ideal exit when you're wearing heels.Some nights you can get in for free as hotel guests.  Just show your hotel key and you can bring a +1 also.They do attract some of the top DJs.  I would still like to try the Dayclub and see Kaskade.
1	Save your money! Go gamble, go eat a wonderful dinner & drinks, go dancing somewhere less pretentious and more fun.  Overcrowded in dancing areas!!! Empty rooms where nothing was going on. Terrible layout.  Rooms were categorized by race! Weird vibe overall.
3	I went to the day club and it was pretty fun. The drinks were a little expensive but I guess that's expected for Vegas. The crowd was pretty cool and the pool was nice. I only gave 3 stars because the staff was not very friendly. I was waiting to get into the pool area and the employee who was in front of the line was texting, then looked up saw us waiting in line, then went back to texting and walked away. Then finally someone else came out to help us get in.
3	Honest review. Marquee is a beautiful club. We got there right when they were open and bought our tixs presale so we haD to head to the 3rd floor. Its through the glass elevator on the casino floor and up the escalator. The bouncers there were every nice to my husband and I. They directed where to go to get To The Club Line. Since we were the first ones in its actually another flight of stairs to the 5th floor. The bouncer was nice enough to warn me if we leave before 2am we had to take the stairs down 5 flights. We went into the hip hop room which is on the 5th floor and it was pretty small. Proly no bigger than the usual bars inside any of the Vegas casinos with a small maybe 15 x15 dance floor. We decided to check out the main room on the 6th floor since ferry corsten was djing that night. We bought an audios and a beer n it came out to be $23. Very expensive drinks given we could had got free drinks playing at the casino downstairs. We thought lines were going to be long from reviews but were so wrong. It wasn't until near 11pm when the crowd started. My husband bought a shot, another audios, and a grey goose with red bull for $50. He had used his credit card for this. (this will be a wrong decision later...stay reading to my review here.) We had a pretty good time there. We both danced the night away and didn't get anymore drinks given we didn't want to be drunk walking back to our hotel about 5 hotels north of marquee. We left around 2am-ish as we were able to take the elevator down. On Monday while leaving Vegas my husband receives a call from his bank saying there were suspicious activities on his account and that's how we found out marquee has charged 2 additional charges to his account. When it finally cleared today i gave marquee's accounting department a call to dispute that but was told normally they deal with the bank on this. I told the lady the bank asked us to call to dispute it. She said she was going to email me the transaction of which i gave her my email addy but have not since received the transaction. This is ridiculous but if the charges has already cleared my end and it happened 3 days ago the receipt should not be hard to provide. I've worked at a restaurant before and i know how it goes with credit card receipts. Going to call the bank again to let them know to credit me back for fraudulent charges. By the way the accounting lady gave me the info on the receipt of drinks i don't even drink as my fave is the audios. Over all the club is very impressive for the 3 stars but my concern was on the fraudulent charges. I wonder if i wasn't sober enough to remember everything what others who are drunk are getting charged and they get away with it. Tip for anyone going there use CASH. Thank goodness i did on my first bar order of the audios and beer...my bank card could have gone through the same thing as my husband's.
1	The Place Is Nice But the Staff is the rudest Staff I ever met.The Bill it's Crazyyyy Like if you're Buying Gold ,Ridiculous....2 Bottles Of Vodka plus 3 plates of Appetizers we payed  $1800.We went the Next Day to try the Swimming pool they said they need to charge us $1400  to get it.That's Fucked up........................................................................................................................
4	Came to the day club with a big group of guys for a bachelor party.  We had a cabana, which may skew my review towards the positive, as the service was excellent.  Our cabana attendant was awesome - very friendly and helpful.  In fact, he was a huge help in kicking out (with zero drama) a group of girls who latched onto us and who we did not want around.  The wait staff was also incredibly friendly and attentive.  Again, this is probably a function of the amount of money we spent.While a few people in our group were apprehensive about the amount ($3000, not including 20% gratuity, 10% entertainment tax, and 8% sales tax), even the most apprehensive among us ended up really enjoying themselves in the end.  I saw one of my most conservative friends, who didn't start drinking until after college, in the pool at the end of the day fist pumping to EDM.  The cabana itself (regular cabana, not a grand cabana, which can run around $10,000, but has a small infinity pool in front of it) was well-appointed, with nice decor, a couch, coffee table, fridge, plenty of space to store wallets, phones, etc (beware - they do not lock), TV (for watching all the college FB games we bet on), and two adjoining chairs in the sun.  It was also relatively spacious, providing enough room for 10 of us to hang out in and around.Although the place turned into the typical debaucherous messy drunken scene you would expect from a Vegas pool party (and I am not complaining about that), when we walked in, we were blown away by how nice the place looked - very pristine and exclusive (that soon changed, but it was a nice first impression at 11am).The food was surprisingly good (bar pies, burgers and fries).  We kept ordering pitchers of the iced tea vodka lemonade.  Delicious, but not sure how much booze was in them.  A good idea would be order a bottle, and add liberally to your pitcher.  Bottles are expensive ($500 for absolut), but what do you expect?There were a lot of beautiful women here also.  Unfortunately, there were many more that could use a salad and a trip to the gym.  Basically, it was your typical Vegas pool party scene.  All told, it was a lot of fun and, in my opinion, worth the money.  Mileage may vary if you do not have a cabana.
5	One of the cleanest day pool parties, ever! Love the staff and our VIP host JC was "da bomb"!! Thanks to the great bartenders and amazing music and video dj's....Always coming back!!
2	This review is for marquee day club. The people in charge of wristbands we're incredibly rude, there was a girl behind the counter and man standing outside of it. I had just gotten my wristband and was waiting for my bf to get his, so I had a water bottle in my bag and was taking a sip then the man grabs it out of my hand and throws it in the trash next to him and says rudely " water bottles are not allowed". Wtf?!  I could have paid for a locker to keep my stuff in before I entered the pool area... Anyways dayclub was mediocre. House music only, we'll drinks $11-$15 bucks,small cups, need 3-4 to feel a buzz (ladies please get wristband and don't pay for your drinks for 1 hr).need to get there by 12 to get a spot to sit in the pool if you don't reserve a table or cabana. Party doesn't really get going til about 130 or 2 thou. Needless to say very young crowd.Will not be coming back to this dayclub, not what I expected from The Cosmopolitan being a top rated Las Vegas hotel and casino
4	Marquee is one of my favorite clubs in vegas. The main dance floor can get really packed but the hip hop room is so much fun. (I'd rather dance to hip hop music then EDM) Staff is nice, and I like the fact that there are multiple ladies room unlike light nightclub. The day club is just as fun too! Ladies get in for $20 for day club which is pretty reasonable although I'd rather not pay for entrance fees at clubs. The nightclub also has a portable photo booth where you take photos with friends and email to yourselves. Also on some occasions there are open bar between the times of 11pm-12am for the ladies.
3	Came for a private event, the space is very nice and the staff is friendly. I didn't think the music was any good, but the rest of the place was decent. Nice mix of outdoor and indoor.
1	Went to dayclub on Sunday and got food poisoning then they kicked me out because there food got me sick worst ever!!!!!
5	No cover. Free table service. Free light-up glowing boomstick things (which I gave away/lost at some point in the night). Dancing the night away -- at least until both my heels broke. $10 flip flops in the bathroom. Lots of flashy strobe lights. A really cool looking backlit dance stage above the DJ. Music with bass that thumps through your chest. Club photos that I don't remember being taken that will never grace a social media page, because yeegads, they're not flattering to me at all (though my companions look gorgeous!).For a newbie on the club scene in Vegas, Arty @ Marquee was an amazing experience. It wasn't ever so crowded that we couldn't move, or were so packed in that it felt suffocating. Maybe Saturday nights are crazier than Friday nights? It's bigger than it looks, with the hip hop room being down a flight of stairs and tucked away. Plus there's an outdoor area to relax from the heat of the dance floor.Marquee was pretty much everything I ever imagined when I thought of "Las Vegas nightclub experience." I would come back in a heartbeat.
5	I had one of the best nights at this club.I came here on Thanksgiving weekend in 2011. Chuckie was playing.  I bought a $50 ticket for myself and a $30 ticket for the lady.  Presale ticket entry is in a different area from general admission. We had to to up the elevator to the top floor I think, then walk down a certain path to get there.  We got in pretty early around 10:30, then went back outside to drink.  I have a high tolerance so I didn't want to spend $9-$10 a drink inside. Maybe since this was my first experience at a Vegas nightclub I had such a blast, but it was really so much fun.  There is an outdoor area where the pool is, and then inside is beautifully decorated. The nice thing about this place is it is open till 5 am. Most other places close at 4, but this place will still be bumpin for another hour. I stayed here all night and walked back to my room as the sun started coming out. Also don't forget when you get the munchies Secret Pizza is up on the top floor. Nom nom nom nom!
4	I think this is one of the better clubs in Vegas because it actually brings out good talent (unlike some of the other clubs that I'm convinced people go to just to look rich for a night).  I liked that it was a large club, but also had an intimate feel when you went inside and could be close to the DJ (well, maybe not at the peak of the evening, but certainly if you stay past 2).  The staff was very friendly overall, especially bartender Johnny.  Pre-sales are the way to go.The only reason that I am docking this a star is because one of the security guards was "not the nicest," for lack of a better word that would prevent my review from being allowed on Yelp.  My group ended up staying in one area for most of the night, so I knew where to find them and went to the bathroom by myself.  Do I recommend that females use the buddy system in clubs?  Absolutely, but I was not intoxicated and know how to hold my own.  They had started shutting down the outside area (without warning- it would have been nice to know when I headed to the bathroom).  I was confused about the shutting down of the outside area and explained to security that my group was outside.  She snapped at me "STOP SAYING WE!!"  Mind you, I never even used the word "we."  I'm sorry, I know the security guards have a job to do, but it absolutely disgusts me that they would not be more concerned about their female patrons - especially in a huge place like Vegas where many people are from out of town, unfamiliar with their surroundings, and have been drinking heavily.  The tone she took with me was totally unnecessary; I was nothing but polite to her and only said one thing before she came unhinged.All that being said, will I go back to the Marquee?  Yes, yes I will (see initial paragraph).  GIRLS, USE THE BUDDY SYSTEM!!! Security only cares for you so much.
1	This club is overrated. If you want to pay top dollar for a VIP table and pretend you're a boss, this is the place for you. Tiny dance floor and most of the main floor is filled up with VIP tables. We went here on a Saturday night and got in gratis since we had a great hookup. You ride in an elevator up to the club. Inside the main room is amazing with cool elements that rise and fall from the ceiling, and a huge LED Screen behind the DJ. Being inside this club is confusing because there are hallways that lead to nowhere, stairs all over the place and dark corridors. For whatever reason the people dancing all faced DJ Lema instead of each other, we've never experienced that in any other club. We took a look outside and the poolside bartender didn't know how to make a Wet Panty and acted like I was the crazy one. What's with the attitude?  Dude, you're all of 22, get over yourself!We love going to clubs wherever we travel and we've been to other LV clubs when they first opened up, like Pure and Tryst. We've also been to Pure's sister club, Aura.  in the Atlantis Resort in the Bahamas and danced til 5am. Marquee just didn't do it for us. The main room was playing EDM which we love, but the music just wasn't inspiring. We checked out the library, which is pretty much the only place to sit down if you don't have a VIP table. The best room was the Hip Hop room, which was totally packed and the music was great. If we had started out in here we probably would have stayed and dropped some cash on drinks, but after the lackluster experience in the main room we were done.To exit the club we had to walk down 4 flights of stairs. Good luck to the girls wearing high heels, thankfully I was wearing flats and made it downstairs without incident.
5	Had an awesome time at Marquee for my 46th bday.  Had a poolside cabana and wouldn't recommend anything else!  The fresh air retreat outside was great after dancing inside.  Staff was great and our party of 6 really enjoyed ourselves.  We would definitely return again for another cabana evening of partying.  Dance floors get packed, but hey, it's an awesome nightclub so expect it.  Cheers!
4	My favorite club to go to on the strip. And honestly for one main reason, The Boombox Room. Every time I've been at the club, the Boombox room plays all the best hip hop songs that I can get a serious groove on to. It gets pretty serious. Yea yea yea this place has great dance music too, but honestly there's DJs every damn club here so I don't feel the electro dance music selection sets them apart from the other clubs on the strip. Dance music plays at the main floor and you can find the hip hop one floor below. If you want to take a break from all the chaos, you can hang out in The Library where it's more of a lounge setting, or just hang at the outdoor pools (assuming it's not winter time). The thing I don't like about Marquee, is that the staff all seem like they have a giant purple stick up their a-hole. More specifically, the bouncers, but then again who can blame them when they're dealing with lots of eager people who think they're too cool to wait. If you're a guy, good luck. Either you wait in a long line, buy a bottle, or pay the bouncer a big fat tip to jump ahead of everyone. Even with purchasing a bottle, you'll still have to wait in a line so that might not be the easiest way out. I believe minimum for a table is $500. Best thing to do is find a promotor out on the strip and get on the list, that could at least help avoid a lot of bs you'll have to go through before even getting in. Entry fee for guys is $50.And if you're a girl, bring like 5+ more girls with you so you don't have to deal with all that mess period. I'm not promising you 100% won't have a hard time either though. Again, get on a list and get in free! If not and you just want to take your chances and show up, I believe cover for girls is $20. There's definitely a price to pay to get in to one of the most popular clubs in town! But in the end, all is forgotten after a couple of drinks, dancing with hot girls and good looking men (lots of tool bags too), with a crazy a fog machine and confetti that's blasted into the air every once in a while throughout the night!
5	I didn't go to Marquee at night... I pooped out that night and ended up going to bed, HOWEVER...The next day. Was. Epic.After breakfast at the Henry (amazing braised short rib eggs benedict) I made my way to the Dayclub. My sisters and I bought $20 tickets to Dash Berlin online. Found out if you're staying at the hotel (which we were) you don't need to do that.We ended up getting a couple of poolside beds, which costs $414 (tax and tip included.) By $414... I mean you have to rack up a bill of $300, which for 3 thirsty girls was no problem. We ordered pitchers of mojitos, sangria, shots, a 6-pack of water (don't want to poop out again!) chips and guacamole, and a veggie dip platter to snack on. Dash Berlin was incredible! Staff was friendly, service was fast. Can't beat it! We even saw Curtis Stone and Ed Westwick. ::swoon::As far as the nightclub goes, I will check it out next time. My sisters said they made it rain with dolla dolla bills y'all. No really... at one point, money and confetti dropped from the sky. Also, just go on Twitter/instagram and find a promoter. They'll help you get in for free and hook you up!
4	Marquee is hands down my favorite club in Las Vegas.  I love the outdoor area and the main dance floor! They have a hip-hop level if you're over the house music (which is mainly what they play).  Drinks are overpriced per the standard market price of any drink in Vegas.  Every time I have come here I've cut the line because I'm with all girls or have a table. I've also come on a Saturday and a Monday and I've had just as much fun both times. My advice? Don't come with guys or you'll be waiting in the "Guest List" line all night :)
4	I had a friend who is a promoter who helped  us get in but it was nice they had promos for all girl groups. 3 floors, 3 very diff environments. It wasn't that packed so it was nice. Good bartenders, hilarious security guys and good DjS Helps that secret pizza is right outside so that after a night if drinking and partying you can grab a slice and hang out some more.
4	The day club is always fun, and if you're in a large group of girls, they'll usually comp a table for you. I like the layout of the day club and I've always had fun here.The nightclub is fun as well, but I definitely prefer the day club. Marquee felt a lot like XS to me, but I liked XS more.4 stars for the day club, 3.5 stars for the nightclub.
3	Marquee is fun!!! There is a few different rooms. From the very top there is a chill and relaxing area. No one really knows about this area. They also have a bar and pool tables. I only went up to the top level because my friends wanted to check out this venue. Not sure if they always open up this area.Then the house are which is the largest part of the venue. It also leads up to the outside by the pool. They had mermaids that swam in the pool.
1	Be prepared to wait the huge line outside and accept over the roof prices.
1	Absolutely the worst experience I have had in a club!  The place was so packed that me and my friend were being absolutely shoved around because there was no room anywhere but yet the management keeps letting people in.  Its not safe there.  If something lets say a fire or a large fight should happen many people would be injured.  People where standing on top of the low walls separating the VIP areas from the walk way and the dance floor.  Plus the cover of $20 was way over priced.  We had more fun in the smaller clubs.  DON'T GO THERE!  ITS COMPLETELY OVER RATED AND NOT WORTH YOUR TIME!
5	Marquee is the #1 club in Las Vegas to hit up!  Our promoter, Brian, did an incredible job organizing free entry for all of the guys and girls in our group the night we went in!  He was even nice enough to wait outside with my friend who was turning 21 at midnight to walk her into the club when it was legal!  Also, the music is diverse and fun.  You got your hip-hop and electronic to dance to so nothing can go wrong.
4	Had an amazing time at Marquee the second 4th of July weekend in a row. I will say it was PACKED way past capacity. But they staff A TON of employees to work the flow of traffic. This trip gets 4 stars only because they closed the elevators all night and those stairs in heels all night made us turn in early. I'm sure it's because of fire regulations they can't shuttle that many people in the elevators.Hundreds of people in line to get in. Still one of the hottest clubs on the strip.
2	Overrated and definitely not worth the money.   Spent thousands and was still treated like crap.  With Light and Hakkasan now in play, this place is losing its luster.
5	Brian T is by far THE BEST promoter in LV. If you need or want to do anything in this city contact Brian and he will get it done.
5	For the best time of your life in Vegas come to Marquee! I came to Marquee on Halloween weekend and i was on guest list. However, I was at a different club with friends and we came too late! We arrived at around 1 or 1:30 AM and we paid cover (girls was $20 guys was $50) . You have to take an elevator to the club and let me tell you, it was phenomenal! The set up screams "WELCOME TO VEGAS BITCHES!!!!" The music was amazing, they play House Music with the crazy lights, feels like your at an actual rave but indoor! The bartenders are so friendly! Dress code is strictly enforced so dress to impress, but its Vegas, you should look dolled up everywhere you go LOL. The outside is spectacular and the design is astonishing! So beautiful and breath taking!The drinks were quite pricey but hey,  my experience at Marquee made it well worth it. Throughout my 3 day stay in Vegas, this club was by far the best club i been to in Vegas! I will be back in a few months!
4	Pros:multiple roomsBeautiful Outside patio Fun times had by all watching ladies go into the wrong bathroom even though we told them That they were entering the men's.Big name DJsRandom lady in the bathroom handing out free drink ticketsIn the CosmoSuper cool stairwell wall art Strong drinks, albeit super expensive drinksReally nice security.Cons:If you're not on guestlist, one of the more expensive clubs.Super confusing trying to find the bathroomSuper confusing trying to leave by stairsStairs, Stairs everywhere.Small dance floorsCreepy old guys
4	its great to have a club that allows you to escape the noise and busyness to an outside area where you can talk to the special someone you just met at the bar.Consistently packed with the better than average looking and dressed crown, it's suprisingly easy to get in the front door.  Be a little bit patient and polite at the front door, pay a hefty cover, and that's it.  Inside, it's a little confusing trying to find the bathroom or exit, but there's staff around to direct you as you wander around lost your first time there.
4	I was really impressed with my most recent visit to Marquee last Friday. I haven't been here in awhile, but definitely still a great spot to party it up. I went to Hakkasan a few months back and I still like Marquee more. It's nice that there's a hip hop room and a main floor which plays house music. The night I went the hip hop room was definitely bumpin' and it wasn't "ghetto" music, but more along the lines of top 40. Another good thing about Marquee is they have multiple outside areas, which most other clubs lack. These areas are the pool area near the main floor and the side area next to the hip hop room, which are nice for those who need a breath of fresh air and let some of that sweat dry off.  Surprisingly it wasn't super crowded for a Friday night like most clubs on the strip. That is the worse experience when you're trying to enjoy dancing and you can't even move because of the crowdedness. Drink prices are a bit steep considering I paid $36 for 2 red bull and vodkas, worst part is the bartender didn't bother asking me what type of vodka to use therefore automatically giving me the pricer one. I know for a fact that he served me the more expensive one because my friend who is a female only paid $32 for the same thing. Another downer is one of my experiences with a promoter. This past summer I tried getting my group on the Marquee guest list and the promoter asked me to send a picture of each girl in my group, really...?! I was shocked that he texted me that and decided to go somewhere else. With those negative aspects aside, Marquee will still be seeing more of me in the future.
1	Greedy! They'll resell your table like nothing.. The staff lack common courtesy. Dance floor is packed.. Take your money elsewhere
1	Ok, now they say hotel guests get in free & they don't know who told me last year???So we paid 1000$ to stay in Cosmo last year & get nothing. This year we stay hotel 32 & get nothing.
4	Ok, so this time around I had a better experience at Marquee. My girl and I were asked to be at a table with the promoters where they were having bottle service. Couldn't pass that up. Free alchy! Also, we didn't come with people who brought drama. Thank god!I had a blast! Although the opening DJ wasn't that good, I danced the night away. We stayed in the main room the whole night. The restrooms were clean. I still hate the stairs.
4	I had a great time the few times I've been to Marquee. I've only been at night so I wouldn't know what the dayclub scene is like. They have great DJ's and several different areas and floors that have different types of music. Nikki sent me a message about a Hello Kitty event. So, I met up with another friend, went here a bit before 10pm, skipped the line, got our drink on...open bar FTW! We had as much Veuve, Dom Perignon, Hennessy and vodka our liver allowed us to have. Thank you, Louis Vuitton!What's funny was that nobody seemed to know what the Hello Kitty event was about and where exactly it was happening. But we know it was happening since we saw a few girls in HK garb. We walked outside at the cabana/pool area - nothing. We went upstairs to the library - nothing. Nikki and I (well, and my guy friend too since he had no choice) were on a mission to be one of the first 25 people there so we can get HK goodies. When we finally found the right spot, we all got our gift: HK bracelet and a HK mug, yay! They were also selling HK Philippines tote bags to benefit typhoon victims.Awesome night! Don't drink and drive, kids!
1	Lo
4	My boyfriend and I had a great time going to Marquee... thanks to a promoter both of us got comped admission to see Benny Benassi the night we went! We first went to the Hip Hop room, which was super fun because that's me and my bf's first love when it comes to dancing. We then ventured off to the main room, where Benny Benassi was playing. The stage was great, especially with the light shows and go go dancers. After dancing there for a while we checked out the outdoor area where the Dayclub is held, which was pretty refreshing since it was all hot and crowded inside! This area is pretty large, with booths and tables all around, and also pools (watch yo step!) We chilled by the bar for a while, and went back to the hip hop room where they played some good... until they played Ke$ha... seriously? Ke$ha? Who the f*ck requested that? That was our cue to leave and get some Earl's of Sandwich across the street lol. Overall, we had a great time here dancing and looking fiiooone.
5	I've been wanting to go here for awhile now, because I've only heard good things about it.We had a promoter and a 1:1 guy/girl ratio, so we got in for free without a problem. We were staying at the Cosmo, too, so we got to go in a shorter line, or something.I particularly love this club, because they don't enforce some gender binary dress code. I was able to walk in looking fabulous without having to be harassed by bouncers, which happens all the time at other clubs.This club was huge, so there was always room to dance. The music was great the whole night. It was just overall a great experience, and probably my favorite club in Vegas now.
5	The security were extremely helpful and kind in making sure we got in. This is what I called service. Considering we were hotel guest at the Cosmo it took about 2 min for us to get into the club...Showed them our room key, the lady at the front swiped it and bam...we were in. The main stage was not my cup of tea....it was EDM and I really liked watching the girls dancing over the dance floor but EDM makes people jump. Usually these people jumping have drinks in their hands...by the law of science stated in Newton's 1st law An object at rest stays at rest and an object in motion stays in motion with the same speed and in the same direction unless acted upon by an unbalanced force. Well I think you get what I'm trying to say....drinks start flying, people start getting wet...no bueno!Given it's winter I love the way they enclosed the outside space and made it the hip-hop area. There was plenty of space to dance, it was congested, it was warm yet cool so there wasn't that nasty sweaty factor and the music was great. I had so much fun with my girls people watching. The drinks were somewhat pricey...about $20 but eh its Vegas. The ambience was gorgeous and so were many of the men! LOTS OF PERSIANS who love dark skinned women! :D *wink*The only thing I would say that is wrong with this club is the exit....now yes there are elevators but with the amount of people in this club it takes a while to take the elevators..I was like ok let's take the stairs. OH HOW WRONG I WAS. In my 6 inch Louboutins even though I was SOBER...I was dying. What architect in his right mind would make a club with an exit consisting of I don't even remember how many flights of stairs. Apparently this architect never once went to a nightclub or experienced the hoards of drunken women in heels scrambling on to the railing for dear life. It was like watching Bambi when he was learning to walk....seriously.Anywhoot I had a blast and will definitely be back again....take notes other clubs with racist ass doormen *cough* The Bank *cough*.
5	Eat ... Sleep ... Rave ... RepeatEat ... Sleep ... Marquee ... RepeatEat ... Sleep ... Rave ... RepeatEat ... Sleep ... Marquee ... RepeatMarquee Nightclub was packed. The music was thumpin' and the drinks were flowin'. Who cares if there were more dudes on the crowded dance floor than ladies? We were there to jump and dance ... and after quickly staking out a spot in the middle near the front, that is exactly what we and a few hundred of our new best friends did.Tip #1: Stay at the Cosmopolitan. Go online and book a room because it includes free admission to Marquee through a much shorter line. It'll also give you a place to freshen up before hitting the club and crash/party afterwards. Ask for a room in the East Tower for convenience to Marquee.Marquee Mondays makes Marquee a reason to stay in Sin City an extra day. The EC Twins and Nadia Ali performed on the Monday before Christmas and this was like an early gift from Santa.Tip #2: Get on the main dance floor early cause by midnight it was wall-to-wall people with almost no one getting in or out. Many "couples" were frustrated with the tight quarters, so, come prepared for bumpin' and jumpin' with people from all around the globe.DJ Lisa Pittman worked it at the pool while Eddie Makabi and another DJ pumped up the beats inside before the headliners came out around 12:30. Nadia did a 30-minute live set which had the crowd frothing and then the energy reached a peak with the frenetic twins.Tip #3: Get a table if you aren't planning to stake out a spot on the crowded dance floor. If you are just wanting to chill at a club, the outdoor pool vibe and tables may be best or get one of the prime spots inside so you and your crew can dance in your own area.Drinks are expensive ... of course, and table service is crazy expensive. Plan accordingly.Marquee was a blast. We loved the vibe, the confetti, foam light sticks, blasts of cold air, and non-stop beats. If you get free admission to Marquee while staying at The Cosmopolitan then it is easily a 5-star night for any EDM fan.Eat ... Sleep ... Rave ... RepeatEat ... Sleep ... Marquee ... Repeat
4	Probably my favorite night club is Las Vegas! I love how it has 3 separate floors that accommodate a wide variety of guests! The bottom floor has a dance floor playing primarily hiphop music (whooo!), the main floor has a dance floor playing primarily house music (eh), and the top floor is for those who are just too cool to dance but love to sit around to chat :) There is also a pretty awesome view of the Strip from the balcony!
5	Had a pleasant time here and will return... I liked that the security guards used discretion on who to let in or not. customer service was A+. music was tip-top.
4	Love love love. Probably my favorite place to party in vegas. It's really big. Lots of room to dance. Hip hop and edm rooms. Great view. Great outdoor area with a pool. The only thing that sucks is the stairs. At least at hakkasan they let us take the elevator.
4	Marquee was my first Vegas nightclub and it was definitely a wonderful experience.My friend was able to get us in on the guestlist (by us, I mean the girls. Guys had to pay $20 or $30 for pre-sale tickets). There are a lot of stairs involved in Marquee that lead to different floors and music rooms.We started off in the hip-hop room which played really decent music but it was so crowded. We tried making it to the dance floor but ended up giving up and dancing on the side by the door near the balcony.We then made our way up to the EDM room where Gareth Emery was performing!!! I didn't know he was going to be there and it was AWESOME seeing him. The room was not crowded at all. But the security guards were kind of mean and pushy. I understand that they are trying to do crowd control, but geez. He kept telling us to keep moving when I was trying to make it to the dance floor to watch GM perform and I ended up getting pushed elsewhere.Drinks here are expensive and half the size. But, what can you expect in Vegas.I had a good time and would love to come back.
5	LOVE. LOVE. LOVE. Marquee is similar to XS. The layout is similar - circular with tables surrounding the dance floor. Like XS, Marquee also has an outdoor pool area. However, XS is more spacious and more hmm... I guess posh is the correct word.Dash Berlin was performing the night I went to Marquee - it was awesome. Happy days! If you like hip-hop, you can chill in the outdoor area. I was surprised that they had tables outside - my friend ended up playing the night away. The crowd is alright - there were LOTS of Asians. The hottest chicks are the dealers at the tables. HahaDrinks were good - slightly pricey.Lighting is great - confetti, lasers, smokes.Overall it's one of the nicer clubs. You won't die of hyperthermia in there. Just make sure you book a room at the Cosmopolitan - that way you won't have to walk back barefoot to whichever hotel you're staying at when the partay ends.
4	I really like Marquee and I feel like I am picky when it comes to night clubs. I went in December so there was a tent over the outside pool area which made the club huge, thus I liked it. Good music and plenty of space to roam. The line didn't move all that quick but what do you expect?
5	Went to the hip hop club upstairs this time and had a great time. Best club I've ever been to. Definitely coming back here on my next visit. Hit up Danny Trejo for VIP service.
4	Marquee has got to be one of my favorite clubs in LV. I've never has a bad experience because most of the time I have a great promoter that usually hooks up with a efficient experience. Marquee is located in the beautiful Cosmo hotel. That hotel is one of the prettiest hotel I've ever visited. From the lobby to the entrance, the chandeliers and the shimmering tiles make the hotel so elegant. The rooms are pretty awesome as well. Super clean, and you don't smell the cigarettes. On to da club. I enjoy this club is because it is big. There are three different floors. 1. The EDM floor where there is a big DJ that spins. This is the largest floor with tables and bars that extends. There is also a big patio area that leads outside where there are other tables (I am guess this is where more affordable tables are.) The decorations outside are pretty fancy as well. There is also a hiophop floor. We all have that friend that doesn't dig the whole house music. You guys don't have to split the clubs up! Just split floors. The other floor is the mini bar floor where the bougie folks who enjoy chatting it up without the grinding or the unce unce. Girls usually never have to worry about drinks because it's Vegas. They are practically treated like princesses. But guys, I am sorry. Vegas is where you have to roll deep with the bands. I am assuming that guys usually have to pay about 15+ per drink or shot. Bottles can range from 4K-10K (?) Entrance and Guestlist fee. I highly recommend getting in contact with a host a promoter so you he/she can cut you a sweet deal. Party Safe!
1	If you like to be treated like a herd of cattle and feel like a sardine then by all means go but the rude as heck bouncers who are a bunch of mindless dip sh*ts  and the over prices with little chance if actually get a drink I think this place is garbage
4	Oh Marquee, I do hope we get to play again soon. This is one of my favorite clubs in Vegas, day or night.  The dance floor is usually wayyyy too crowded for me (I'm miniature, I get claustrophobic!) but luckily the outdoor area is just as fun.  I've been here several times, some with a cabana/table and some without.  Like all Vegas clubs, spring for the table if you can, but I still always have a great time here.  I do think it's especially fun for day parties, but I'm down to come back at any time!
4	PICTURE THIS: Colorful flashing lights and laser beams, random shots of air blasting down on the dance floor, and best of all: a shit ton of silver and purple confetti being blown everywhere enough for it to fall in places you wouldn't thought possible. (Yes, I've gone home with confetti in my bra.)With all these special effects, this place makes me feel like I'm starring in a sexy music video.Yes...dance floor is small. Yes, it's always freaking crowded. There's always gonna be pervs trying to hit on you. But it's MARQUEE!!!!! Still one of the more popular nightclubs here in Sin City. As long as you're with good company....your night will be a blast!!! Doesn't matter whether you get bottle service or just dancing anywhere and everywhere you can find a space.
1	This club does not even deserve I write exactly what happened because it's a waste of my time all I will say the Guards are racist and this is very sad. Minus well go elsewhere and have a wonderful time where this does not exist!
5	Fun house music from the dj. Confetti, raining dollar bills, laser beam light shows. Good times. Consider talking to a host or table service to avoid lines. Drinks are expensive but it's Vegas and a club so just expect it.
5	Stayed in the cosmopolitan, not only did I get to go in for free but I gotta skip the huge lines as well. :) Dj politik was performing, he started Spinning  at 1130 and then stay throughout the whole night. It was a blast! Confetti being bursted every 30 mins, cold air blast on a crowed dance floor perfect!  Bartenders are friendly, 15 dollar drink average but were nice ladies. Oh and if you are going to complain about no room, obviously you are no baller who can not afford table service. Enjoy life, dance elbows with strangers, I don't care if people are stepping on my feet, and if I step on yours no worries, I'm wearing flats. :P I'm there for the music and dancing.Overall great experience and if you are drinking, if you don't want them spilled just drink them at the bar. :P
5	Trance, electro, deep house, and progressive all live here.  One of the premiere clubs on the Strip, Marquee will guarantee you a great time.  1,2,3, LET'S GO!Located inside the Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas, Marquee has been one of the stand out clubs to grace the Sin City.  Lights, drinks, pools, dancing, and a good time are what you'll find in Marquee.We went around 10pm on a Friday night.  Luckily we ordered bottle service because tickets were sold out for tonight's event (Gareth Emery was playing).  Bottle service was about $2500+.  We had about 15 of us, so we all split the bill.  The place was half way packed.  There were a few people dancing on the floor, people walking around outside and inside, and people just chilling at their tables.  The bars inside and outside displayed the various liquors they had; the dance floor was a little small, but everyone made it a habit to dance on everything during the night; the sound systems sounded crisp, and you could hear every single laser beam and fart in the room; and the outside patio was vast and felt like a whole new world to explore and get lost (and possibly drown in the gigantic pool).And what's Marquee without seeing a few celebrities?  We saw freakin' Neil Patrick Harris making out with his sexy husband.  Oh man, Doogie Howser was eating his face like it was the last supper.  I also got to shake his hand.  Til' this day, I haven't watched my hand.  Now there's green bubbles and mushrooms growing on it.  Oh yeah, my friend went to the bathroom to relieve himself.  As he was urinating, he looked to his side and saw FLAVA FLAVVVVVV!!  YEAH, BOY!!!!  From what he said, Flava Flav was tilting all over the place and his bodyguards needed to help him stand up.  Marquee-- always guarantees a great time.  Seeing celebrities, dancing with hot chicks, shooting down liver-pounding drinks; it's like I died and went to hell.  Thanks, Marquee!!!!
2	WOAH..what happen marquee...NO hip hop room? Closed off!? I usually love Marquee, but my experience on MLK weekend wasn't good. I felt they were cutting off everything and I honestly felt cheated. Main dance floor = forget it. You won't be able to get in once the main DJ spins. Pretty disappointed this time.
4	This place gets jam-packed. Like you are in a can of sardines. Its a maze trying to get through. Coat check was a little difficult to find and was in a back corner on the other side of the club. If you don't have a table, good luck trying to get on the main dance floor and with 4 inch heels, you definitely don't want to be standing all night.The music is loud, and the atmosphere is lively. I loved it when the confetti started pouring down and large glow sticks being tossed out into the crowd. And these glow sticks are great for butt smacking ;) They also have a hip hop room where we did most of our dancing, but its even smaller and tighter than out on the main floor! You can guarantee a fun night here!
4	Been here multiple times over the years with varying experiences. The only thing really consistent is the crowd. The best way to get into here is to stay at the Cosmo. Hotel guest get in for free on Fri nights. Drinks are fine, its great that they have an indoor and outdoor area. Having two separate rooms for different types of music is definitely a plus. Glad that they cater to both crowds. The only thing to complain about this club is that the dance floor is not very big. It is however really beautiful and because it isnt big, it provides a closeup feeling to whoever is performing that night. Love the giant LED screen behind the DJ.
3	The stairs...... they suck.....  it's fun when you have a table, but to be honest, the service is really awful. My group had paid for a table for a bachelorette party, but when our bottles were almost done, they were rude and kicked us out because someone bought out our table. I totally get that whole buying out tables thing, but the staff literally were completely rude about it and acted as if we didn't just drop about $1000 on the table and that we came from the back alley.  My promoters get always get us in and every so often, open bar for girls, but the staff is rude. I try to avoid coming here, but sometimes they have great DJs.
4	The hip hop room was packed. I was by the dj stand just hanging out with the Dj's. It was Dj Redfoo of LMFAO. Who was cool as his cool hair and gogo dancers.  He posed for a pic behind the Dj booth and wished us celebrating a happy bday.  Thanks Redfoo!  Then moved up to the rooftop EDM room.  If you want the total vegas experience. This is the room you want to be in.  Mosh pit if that's your thing with confetti shooting out at the crowd. The space girls intergalactic dancers on top of the dj was entertaining. The pool area.  Wait am I in Miami or Vegas? Pro-Favorite overall club in Vegas coz I had a good experience with the Dj's, the dancers, security, servers, & I liked the polite mixed crowd.  Con-getting a workout walking up I don't know how many flights of stairs.  Almost felt like I was a Firefighter in training.  I got to take the elevator back down to reality so that was good.  Gals & guys if you are wearing heels!  Take that sh*t off and bring your workout shoes.  After going up those flights of stairs you might end up soaking your feet in the pool instead of dancing the night away
4	Had a great Friday night. Candyland headlined and they were awesome.  Just watch out who you go through to get bottle service. We had some issues in the beginning, however once we got our table it was all good. The venue is pretty sweet and you don't feel too far away from the DJ. Hip hop outside at the pool area and edm inside.  Our hostess and servers were really friendly and helpful at all times.Bottle service is the only way to go in Vegas.
4	SWEETEST BOUNCERS IN VEGAS!!My friend got her phone and id stolen while we were here and they all were so helpful and kind and truly seemed to feel bad. In the morning when she called the lost and found she was told that a bouncer had found her id and turned it in to them. The lost and found was extremely organized and helpful. As for the actual club, just the fact that they have a hip-hop room makes it better than almost every other club in town.
2	I'm sad that my favorite club in Vegas has noticeably went down a notch. The hip hop room is always closed (the last 3 times I went over the past 6 months, the room was closed!). My friend even called to ask if the hip hop room would be open, and they said yes. This was a lie! It was closed yet again! They also played Justin Bieber. :( more sadness all around.
5	Marquee is the best!!!!  Besides XS that is :) I've been to Marquee on numerous occasions and have yet to have any bad experience there. Saw Benassi this past weekend and from start to finish everything went perfect! The bouncers were very nice, to the girls at the register charging to get in. Drinks are on the pricey side, but it's Vegas. The bartenders are really great too! Super cute and nice. The dance floor it's self really isnt that big. So get there early, or just know how to get in ;) Sound system is top notch!Lighting is on another level! Simply amazing! A Must go to spot.
1	I never thought that I would have such a horrifying experience at this club, which I've been to a handful of times in the past. I came to celebrate my birthday with my cousins and things were fine until around midnight when we took a break from dancing. We were outside near the bar and gambling tables when I noticed a security guard talking to one of my cousins (I'll refer to him as K). I stepped in to make sure everything was ok because the guard looked pretty intense. When I inquired, the guard said that K had a flask and wouldn't turn it over. (This was true because we had asked him to bring one--although he actually didn't even use it!) The guard said he had to leave, so I said we were sorry and we would all go with him. Yes, these things happen and I knew we were wrong for bringing the flask. When I said we were going, too, the guard said we couldn't go with him, but we could meet him somewhere. I grabbed a few of my cousins and we just hurried through the club as the guard led him away. Then another guard came by to help escort him (K was compliant and it seemed unnecessary to have two guards, but whatever. We just hurried up to make sure we could be with him.). Anyone who has been to clubs and has gotten asked to leave knows that it is normal and expected for your group to go with you to make sure everything is ok. But when we reached the elevators to go down, they wrenched him away from us and now there were six guys. Four were in the elevator with him, pinning him against the wall. We asked the two men in front of the elevator, who were blocking us from him, why we couldn't go with him. We said that we didn't want to cause any problems, but we just needed to know he would be ok. My cousin tried to have the manager let her in, but he pushed her back.  K started calling for help because they were hurting him. We could see that the four guards had him slammed against the wall and were starting to choke him out to keep him from calling to us. I can still see the fear in his eyes and I will never forget the sounds of his voice. He was so scared and we were so helpless, trying to just protect him from whatever was about to happen. K is the sweetest kid, and he was compliant.  He was not drunk or belligerent. They were using unnecessary force and they wouldn't even tell us where they were taking him and why 4-6 men were needed to make him leave. He struggled against them only when they started hurting him and choking him. We left the club and asked the front door bouncer what we should do next and where we could find him. He advised us to go back to our hotel because they would most likely put him in a cab. But it was so suspicious that we couldn't just leave with him! It's as if they didn't want us to witness what they were doing, which was using unnecessary force for no good reason. We left for our hotel and told the rest of our family to wait there to see if they would release him, which they did about 20-30 minutes later. When K came back, he told us what happened. He had been choked out (there were red marks all over his neck) and he was holding a paper towel covered in his blood. He had woken up on the floor near a back elevator of the hotel because they had choked him out to the point of a black-out. If that wasn't traumatizing enough, the guards asked him repeatedly what he remembered. He was alone and afraid, and although he remembered every horrific moment of their abuse, he was afraid to say a word of it. He knew it'd make it worse and they'd probably keep him longer...so he said he didn't recall. And they implied that he had probably accidentally hit his head or fell and passed out somehow. But the truth is they did it! They feigned ignorance and pretended to play nice at that point to cover up their dirty deed. They got him a paramedic to clean up all the blood on his face and hands...there was even drops of his blood on the floor. He cried when he told us because he was so traumatized.  My heart truly broke for him and I was so appalled at this wrongdoing. It could have happened to any of us! It has probably happened before to other people...people who were compliant and didn't want any trouble, just like K. We knew we had to try to do something to correct this huge injustice and act of violence, so we called the Cosmopolitan hotel to file a formal complaint. Then we called the LV police. They sent two officers to our room to take down a report. Neither acts yielded any progress. I felt that we got brushed off as if this incident wasn't important. I cannot believe that nothing can be done. I fear for everyone's safety that goes to Marquee now. I will never set foot in this club again. I advise that no one else go here either. What happened is so wrong, and I plead with you to spread the word about this injustice. Please do not give this place your business.
1	Worst experience in a nightclub ever. Was having an ok time, nothing special, until things went crazy over a flask a friend had.  We filed a police report over what security did. They wanted my friend to leave and he agreed, and we decided to leave with him. Security wouldn't let anyone go with them while they took him in the elevator.  It was one unimposing guy surrounded by 4 giant security guards, they pushed him against the elevator wall and made his nose bleed then they choked him until he was unconscious.  They then tried to convince him they found him that way.  My friend pretended to agree with them because he was scared for his safety, but he was not drunk and remembered everything. They had their first aid person clean him up and only let him leave after he pretended to go with their story.  We filed a police report and are looking into legal action.  If security ever takes your friend here, get their names and take their photos. Do not trust them. Do not write this off as drunk belligerence. None of us were drunk, he did not resist them. I hope this does not happen to you, but I know it has happened to others.
4	I have been to Marquee more times that I can remember.  My usual Vegas crew loves EDM music and before Hakkasan and Light opened up, Marquee was THE best place for EDM music.  Although in my opinion, I like XS just a little bit more, Marquee still holds its own. Highlights of Marquee-Large and gorgeous venue: It is both an indoor and outdoor club so there's a small, correction, very small, dance floor and an even better outdoor section with a pool, gambling tables, bottle service tables, cabanas, and a bar.  Warning, they do not let you go into the pool like XS does, do not even think about putting your feet in there.  Just stay away from the pool and you will be fine.  There is also a smaller hip hop room that you see, on your right, when you're walking up the stairs.  Why anyone would even want to be in that room is something I will never understand.  It is small so it gets very hot, and honestly if you want hip hop music go to 1Oak or something.  You are not getting the Marquee experience in that room.-Awesome DJ's: I've seen Gareth Emory, Armin (sorta), Above and Beyond (twice), and Markus Schulz, just to name a few. -Free drinks and early table service for groups of girls: I guess if you get there early enough and they have unsold tables and you have a good group of girls.  They will set you up with a table and one free drink.  You can stay there for as long as the table is unsold, after they sell the table, and believe me, they will sell the table, then you have to leave.  -Clean bathrooms: Ladies, the bathroom at Marquee is wonderful.  Clean and there's plenty of stalls, you never have to wait that long for a stall.  They are a little hard to find though, but head towards coat check and you'll find the restroom.Cons of Marquee-The stairs into and out of the club.  Unless you're one of the lucky few who get to take the elevator, get ready to work out them legs and walk up and down the stairs. -Density of crowd: It gets ridiculously packed in there, and unless you have a table it is really hard to move, let alone dance if you are on the dance floor.  Everyone just ends up chilling outside cause it gets so packed and hot in there.-Security: This can be a pro and a con, because I will admit security does do their job, but damn they are so strict and mean.  Like I said, pro and con because I like the fact that they are good at their job but they are also a*******. Tips: Try to go in with either an even ratio of guys and girls or more girls than guys.  Drinks are pricey, people stop whining about drink prices.  If you want cheap drinks go buy a bottle and drink in your hotel room.  Nobody said Vegas was cheap.
3	Just went to Vegas in January and in the winter Marquee's cool factor went down a lot for me. The hip-hop room was closed (sad times. Super sad times). They said hip-hop was playing outside (which they had covered) but it wasn't really hip-hop. More like techno infused top 40. Whatevs. Guess it's a summer destination type place only.
5	Super awesome pool party. I went to the halfway to edc pool party during winter and it felt like it was summer. I had a blast!!!!
1	The security guards attacked my cousin and left him unconscious. They caught him with a flask and when they asked him to leave. Being a sweet guy that he is, he was completely compliant.  My family and I saw them drag him to the elevator and choke him till the point of unconsciousness.  We will never forget his face. It was so traumatizing! Please, do not go to marquee! It is not safe! This happened to us and it can happen to anybody else. This place is DANGEROUS
1	Does a person have to be dead in order for justice to take place when a homophobic hate crime occurs?Over President's Day weekend, I went to a nightclub in Las Vegas, Nevada with my cousins.  On the evening of February 17th I was brutally assaulted and threatened by the security guards of Marquee Nightclub & Dayclub in The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas.  This is my account of what happened in its entirety, the police are not helping me, and did not provide me with an official copy of a notarized police report.  I do not know what to do and hope that justice can be served through the local news stations to gain awareness.On February 17th between the hours of 11:45 P.M. to 12:15 A.M., Mr. Nguyen was a visiting patron of Marquee nightclub of The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, Nevada.  Mr. Nguyen was asked to leave when a Marquee security guard noticed a flask on him.  The guard was African American 5'6", with short curly black hair and a wide forehead.  Mr. Nguyen was compliant and attempted to leave Marquee with his cousins, however, the security guard did not allow Mr. Nguyen's cousins to leave with him.  The security guard called for "Elevator 4" to be ready, as well as "backup."  Mr. Nguyen was violently thrown into the elevator with four additional security guards - all were tall, Caucasian males, over 6-feet with shaved heads and beards.  As the elevator door closed, Mr. Nguyen yelled for his cousins to call for help and call 911.  When the elevator doors closed, Mr. Nguyen was choked and threatened by the security guards.  The security guards repeatedly said to Mr. Nguyen "You are a fag that likes to be choked," and "I am going to give it to you in the ass and that you are going to like it." They also said that Mr. Nguyen wouldn't remember anything after they were done with him.  The guards took turns beating Mr. Nguyen until he became light-headed and lost consciousness.  After some time, the same group of guards woke Mr. Nguyen.  Mr. Nguyen had been carried to the ground floor of the The Cosmopolitan and his face was covered in blood, Mr. Nguyen had a red ring around his throat from being choked and there was blood on the floor around him.  The guards wiped blood off of his face and asked Mr. Nguyen if he remembered anything.  The guards asked Mr. Nguyen why he was in the corner of the hotel and said that they would call their paramedics.  Mr. Nguyen was fearful of being beaten again, so he communicated that he did not recall anything.  The guards took Mr. Nguyen's identification card and spent approximately 15 minutes writing down all of his information including his current home address. Mr. Nguyen returned to meet his cousins and attempted to file a formal complaint and police report.  The Las Vegas PD replied that there was nothing they could do because there is no evidence, even though there were security cameras in the elevator and hotel.  The Las Vegas PD officer said that Mr. Nguyen could have been responsible for his own injuries.Please help me by making this story known to the general public.  There cannot be injustice like this in the world and no consequences for such hateful acts of violence.
1	Marquee security guards-I can't believe you would gang up on a SOBER friend of mine (all 6 of you at once), shove him into an elevator (not allowing anyone else to come in, of course) and choke him til he lost consciousness.  We have the blood from that night to prove what you did.Please stay away from this place, as the violent security guards are enough for me to put this on my banned list.
5	Wow, Wow, Wow. I was lucky enough to get in for free but this club is worth every penny. There is like 3 different levels and the headliners are always top notch. I came here to see porter robinson the other night and enjoyed my night to the greatest extent. The pool is such a cool outdoor area and great to catch a breath from the indoors even though the air conditioning works very well. The Main stage is one of the coolest I've ever seen. Can't wait to be back next time I'm in vegas
4	Marquee is always fun but my last visit was very short lived. The stairs are usually a pain in the ass when I'm wearing 5 inch heels, but this last time we went we were escorted through the elevators and was even offered a free table. We started off the night with free drinks and then took some photo-booth pictures. I was dead sober while my friends were chilling so I decided to smoke a joint. Yea, it was stupid, but also hilarious. I was promptly kicked out 10 minutes later. The big bouncer guy made sure to really X-out my stamp. But he was super nice and kept telling me he was "on my side" and it was protocol since I was "already reported." Whatever. So we bounced over to Haze and had even more fun throwing money over the balcony with a table of "doctors" while Pauly D was spinning some sh*t. Successful trip. HA.
4	Went on a Saturday night in January. The line wasn't ridiculously long but long enough that I was happy we were in the guest list line, we probably waited no more than 15 mins.As this place is "dress to impress" make sure your clothing is on point, especially your shoe game fellas. As for me, I was decked out in the typical Vegas attire, short dress & high heels, brutal! I was dreading the formidable stair climb that a lot of other reviews highlighted but was able to bypass that whole debacle by taking a nice, comfy elevator ride up! I was thanking my lucky stars and happier my feet were still holding it down while parading about on 4 inches of hell. Seriously guys, it's TORTURE.Bitching aside, I was enamored with the outdoor area of Marquee. The space, lighting and music was all very Vegas-ish. The crowd that night wasn't rowdy and a fairly good mix of people. Drinks showcase your typical Vegas price tags as to be expected, I think 5 drinks were around $60-$65. If that's too steep for you, you can always pre-party in your hotel room which usually proves to be entertaining and a hell of a lot cheaper.I can't say much for the inside of the venue as I spent the majority of my time outside. BTW although it was January, oddly enough I didn't find myself freezing - thank you global warming! Another key piece of info: if you don't get a table/bottle service you can find some place to semi-sit along the ledges of planters.. Hey, ballin' on a budget - do what you gotta do.Anyway, after a couple of hours my feet couldn't take the pain and were redlining the brink of "Hammer Toe" look in the morning. So, to  hell with looking super, super cute, I busted out my flip flops and was a happy camper and more importantly prevented the ill-fated blister foot. Besides, there were plenty of other girls who were happily dancing in their flip flops too.What else makes this a great option for a nightclub? Well, Secret Pizza of course. That's where the real party is at! I'll see you there, in flip flops and all.
4	First review ever! My friends and I decided to come to Marquee to see Cosmic Gate? perform on a Fri night.There wasn't really a line to get in b/c we had a promoter so I can't really comment on that minus that everything went smoothly for us.This review is actually a shout out to a security officer in the women's bathroom named Elsie (not positive about the spelling) for doing an amazing job! She was so wonderful and instrumental in helping us keep our night going!The short version of the story is that my friend was pretty drunk and stumbling around so Elsie proceeded to help us take care of her and personally walk her back to our table so we could enjoy the rest of our night. She also periodically checked in on us the rest of the night and performed her job duties with the utmost excellence and professionalism! I'm extremely grateful to her and the ladies that work in the bathroom as well for putting up with our bathroom group pics! I'm sure their job is hard and stressful dealing with drunk people all the time so please be kind and respectful...and be sure to tip them, they really do deserve it!Oh and the club was fun too, we had a great time! ;-)
2	Sob. After my bad experience last time with the SAME THREE FRIENDS, we idiots decided to come again. Why? Because my friend is personal friends with the DJ spinning that night (I don't want to give out details for her and the DJ's privacy, but the DJ is pretty famous and has spun at Ultra and Tomorrowworld). So the DJ got us on his artist guest list and off we went!Like last time, the place had HUGE lines that wrapped around everywhere. It was like the fucking Maze of the Minotaur that Hercules had to find his way out of. We flagged down a bouncer, he found our  names on the list and we skipped ahead to the cashier. I will make a point that the bouncers are much nicer than a year ago, so it seems like they are making an effort to change. The cashier was a snot. She sniffed when my friend told her we were on the list and said, "no you aren't. It doesn't say so on your paper". My friend "Um, yes it does". The cashier looked down, "oh..." and we were waved ahead. There are elevators now (THANK GOD!!!) and no more climbing six flights of stairs in heels. So we wandered around the club not really knowing what the artist's gust list was and tried asking many, many bouncers where we were supposed to be, if we even had a special place to be. No one had a clue. I suggested giving up and just enjoying ourselves. My friend tried one last guy who turned out to be a manager of sorts. Lo and behold, we had FREE BOTTLE SERVICE WHAT WHAT. We went to the table (yay!!) and got a drink. Not even ten minutes later, this DJ's manager shows up and states that this is his table. The bouncer/security at the table tells my friend "You've got to leave". And shoves us out. =(Now obviously a friend of the DJ's and her silly friends are not as important as the DJ's manager, and at this point I was just happy that I got some free drinks and got to skip the line, but my friends were treated very disrespectfully by the bouncers at the table. I'm not upset that we didn't get to stay. I'm upset because my friend was extremely embarrassed that she was sneered at and dismissed like a piece of dirt. Anyway, to be honest, the rest of the night we got over it and we had a good time (The DJ was very good). My friend is semi-famous and mentioned her bad experience to her legion of fans and Marquee sent her an email apologizing and offering her free tickets for next time. And like I said, I did notice the bouncers were more tolerable. No one screamed in my ear and no bouncer pushed me out of their way. Their promoters are always great, Brian T is a good one on Yelp to get on the guest list.
4	Pool parties and more pool parties! That is all.My favorite pool parties in Vegas happened to be in this very place. Sure, I have been to the other popular ones but Marquee Day Club? There's no comparison. And when you get a cabana with your girlfriends? Well, forget about it.I've been here with 8 girls, 12 girls, 18 girls and even 21 girls! We've always had a blast. The promoters always get us in without any wait. Gave us an open bar for an hour at times. Sure, lines are out the door but I guess it helps when you have pretty friends? :) Thanks girls!There are 2 bars inside and also the waitresses all over. I like the bar on the right when you get in but the bar on far left of the pool is usually better in the summer time. And the cabanas in the pool ? Love love love!We've been here on weekends only so I'm not sure how it is on weekdays. But they also play different kind of music on weekends. One time, they were playing emd type songs and the other times were mostly hip hop. It's not like you need a reason to do day drinking in Vegas but when you do, doing it with a great pool party is always a plus. The crowd seems nice most of the time as well. Can't speak for the night time though since I have yet to make it back to this place after we leave the pool parties. But I've seen the crazy lines for it!  Thanks promoters for always getting us in without being part of your crazy lines! :) You guys rock!
1	Security is terrible. Waited 1h in an empty line and gave large tip to go in
1	I was dancing with a girl, and this chubby big guy is barging his way through the aisle and nearly shoved my partner pretty hard, so I instinctively block him off and counter-push his weight off. He turns around and I realize he works here, with his staff polo shirt. At this point hes yelling in my face asking if I want to get kicked out of the club for shoving... Wow.
3	So the 3 stars is based on my experience here over Memorial Day Weekend and Labor Day Weekend.I went to Marquee Nightclub for the first time over MDW last year and it was PACKED. I went for my man Kaskade and it gets crazy filled. I got annoyed because the guards kept making us move. Even if you have a table, it gets packed. The outside is awesome though! Just inside is impossible. So Marquee Nightclub over a busy weekend. I say Nay.I went back here for the Dayclub for LDW last year and it was AWESOME. Again for Kaskade. I found this promoter Brian T and I wish I had found him sooner. He is the best promoter in vegas! Hands down. He has connects to all the clubs. His only rule is that you only go through him so DO THAT! But anyways, dayclub was amazing. Way better than nightclub. They have the tables too where you can gamble. It gets crazy packed too but I prefer it over nightclub.So on Marquee...I would go back for Day but not Night unless it's for Kaskade (since I am obsessed).
4	I am not too crazy for marquee, but my group did have lots of fun. The dance floor is very crowded, can't barely move. The music was not great, mostly repeated...but I did enjoy the outdoor/pool area which is very refreshing and amazing view...overall it was a great night to party!
4	I love coming here for day clubbing. I was pleasantly surprised to find the pool to be heated in early March. But come in May this place gets so freaking packed.Try the frozen lemonade!
1	Yet again worst time ever at this club! Who ever thought it was a good idea to put 10 flights of stairs in a club should be shot.  10 to get in 10 to get out.  Done won't ever be back!
2	As expected, the Marquee was very crowded and lively.  Maybe we were just expecting too much because of what we've heard about the place.  Do you know the feeling when you're expecting something super and it just doesn't happen?  Well, that was our feeling for the Marquee.  Since, it did not live up to our sky high expectations that evening....we can only give the place two stars at the most.  The layout wasn't good.  The music wasn't nice.   Can't recommend the place.....I must be getting too old for this kind of thing.  LOL
4	Wow, Marquee has changed a lot since the last time I was here!!There used to be two floors - one with hip hop and the other EDM. But now they have both on the same floor - EDM inside and hip hop outside, which has a similar layout with XS with a pool area, but much bigger.. Interesting. I like this set up better since there is an outside area with room to breathe. With an even ratio of guys to girls and after talking to a promoter, we were granted free entry. We almost didn't get in since it was close to the time cut off, but after mentioning our promoter's name, it went smoothly from there.If you have a group of friends with varying tastes in music, your group may split up, which happened with us. Nevertheless, I still had a great time catching up with college friends. Always had a great time in Marquee, so definitely coming back!
5	Went to Marquee a few weeks back.  I had some friends in town so we decided to get a table.  I found a host named Cliff Orr.  He was one of the best I have ever dealt with in LV.  Very receptive and upfront.   Provided all the right information and hooked us up with a great deal and location.  Loved the club!   They had really good music and the crowd was great.  Here is Cliffs cell if you'd ever like to book a table 586-489-4531.
1	If you don't have a table don't even bother - the security will hassle you, won't let you get close to the dance-floor - you stand in the back like it's 1960's Alabama - i spent all of 30min here (spent an hour at the bar across from it).  Also if you must go there - there is no point to the guest list - you will wait much longer to get in if your on the guest list. BTW, predominantly Asian clientele... gogo dancers... Overall waste of $40 - XS is better - would not return.
5	Based on my experiences at Marquee, different nights can give you totally different experiences.Saturday with Kaskade - Thanks to Noah Ortiz (Host) my girl group was able to get in quickly, no hassle. We got stamps, them left to grab a bite to eat. When we came back 30 minutes later, this place was packed! like every room. I over heard girls from LA complaining and I can see why. Still had fun, but beware that you will br body to body, so try to stand next to a cutie.Monday!!! Totally different experience. Plenty of free (well) drinks flowing, actually able to dance on the main floor, and see the beauty of this club. OMG it's so purrrty. Would definitely go back on a non-big name dj weekend or a Monday any time.
1	This is BY FAR THE WORSE CLUB IN VEGAS!!!!!!!!!!! WE WERE ON THE "VIP" list but apparently that means the wait over an HOUR TO GET IN!!!! They then take us to another line that is apparently shorter but it's the same wait! The bouncer took us upstairs and put us in an even longer line then said it would move faster which was such bull shit. I WILL NEVER BE COMING back here  this place ruined my spring break and I will forever hate this place. If I could give them negative stars I would. The hype is not worth it
5	This club has some of the best dj's on the planet very upscale and beatiful nightclub awesome for big groups of ppl with there being several different rooms and a big outside area i always have a blast
3	Security guards are ridiculous, we waited an hour in line just to be told my friend's ID doesn't look like her. We had been in Vegas 3 days and never had a problem! After harassing her for 10 minutes they finally let us in. What's with all the stairs?? Brutal in heels. Porter Robinson and the dancers were great though! Be prepared to wait in a long line even if you're on the list!
4	Came here after XS because it got too crowded. My group of girls and I were under a promoter's list but came here way past the guestlist closing time (ended at 1AM). It didn't take that long to get in though! :)There was no problem getting past security (I've read other yelp reviews about it). The venue was beautiful and the music was awesome. Will be back to try out their day club and nightclub again :)
2	Date & Time:  Thursday March 27, 2014 @ MidnightLocation:  The CosmopolitanCompanions:  The Husband + His Cousins:  Jacqueline, Barry, NormanScene:  Obese People in Too Tight Short DressesMusic:  EDM & Hip HopDecor:  Elevators Take You toThe Club's EDM Room & Hip Hop RoomService: Bouncer Wouldn't Let the Guys in Since The Ratio of Guys to Girls was Too High.  They were More than Welcoming to Jacqueline and I, so We Decided to Check it Out Less Than 2 Minutes of Watching Obese Women in Skimpy Clothing Dancing to Rap- We High-Tailed it Out of There and Headed for the Always Awesome Rose. Rabbit. Lie.Total:  $0Note:  Photos in My Profile Page
1	I made a bottle reservation and when I got to the club I had to wait in a line for 45 minutes. And then when I got to the front they refused to honor my reservation and told me I had to pay $1500 for ONE bottle. WTF?!?! They get 1 star for not honoring my reservation. On top of that I had to pay a $75 cover fee. WTF?!?! Good news is I saw some girl's nipple hanging out of her dress. Lol. Once we got in drinks were expensive....which is expected everywhere in Vegas. The place was extremely crowded because it was industry weekend or something. I had a drink spilled on me within 5 minutes of walking in. The music was awesome and the LED stage was cool but when we hit the dance floor we turned right back around because you couldn't even move. The best spot to hang out was outside where there was more space and you could actually breathe. This place attracts the yuppiest of yuppies. I'm sure it gets good reviews bc it's a "high end" club but I never felt smart about getting bottle service and think it's the biggest rip off known to mankind. Never coming back here again...unless they give me some serious comps. Avoid this place...unless you're a douche bag. Then you should fit right in.
5	What a great club! Pool outside and packed floor inside.Tips:- Stay at the Cosmopolitan for free entrance- Drink before you go. Drink more after you get there.- It's crowded. Don't expect any space at all- Table service is expensive (of course). Do you really need it?- Check the schedule for special DJs and go early those nights- Marquee isn't open every night. So plan ahead.- Plan for lots of walking down metal stairs when exiting. Not cool in heels.- Don't go alone. The guys get really grabby.I love Marquee because the DJs are great and the extras like foam light sticks and confetti from the ceiling make it fun.
1	Funny how the "hosts" think there sooooo cool and ignore you when u have a table inside.... On industry night when you work in the industry no wonder why Tao group is dying lol...
4	Lights. Sounds. Crowds. Dancers. Music.If you like those things, you will love Marquee. I have been twice, once to the day club on a loungy Monday afternoon, and most recently for Sander Van Doorn on a Friday night.If you like nightclubs, you will love Marquee. If you don't, you will probably not. For world traveling revelers, you will get a very European style clubbing experience on a weekend for top quality DJs.If you love house, electro-house, and related genres, you will love the Funktion-One sound system booming while confetti rains down.Typical to the neighborhood, drinks are a lot of money, the women dress to the nines, and big groups of guys will only get in if they buy bottle service or pre-pay.
2	Besides all the pretty handsome men at the Cosmo and Marquee. I was highly disappointed for my first time there :(. My friends and I planned a trip out to Vegas and bought pre sale tickets to see Kaskade on April 6th .. We get there extremely excited, all dressed up and ready to dance... We decide to sit outside for a moment since my legs were killing me from walking, I'm not sure how many flights of stairs that lead us to to the club (wearing heals didn't help). When kaskade gets on we hurry inside and it's packed like no other.. To a point where everyone was pushing and shoving to get out of each others way. I was stuck for a moment in the bustling crowd and couldn't even move. It was ridiculous. I don't know why Marquee had let that many people in all at once, fire hazard ?? We ended up just going into the hip hop room to get some fresh air since they closed the outside.. Waiting to try and go back just in case it cleared up. We go back and it's still packed... We try to bustle our way to the dance floor where kaskade is playing and where the real hype and vibe was .. And the security guard was shooing people away from the dance floor and not letting anyone in :( I was so disappointed and bummed I couldn't see kaskade and that I was only able to hear him on the surround sound.. I knew half the people there wernt even there for kaskade and were there just to be "seen". It was so annoying. After that ridiculousness the boys in our group just decided for us to leave. We ended up randomly at a trashy strip club called Sapphire.. Were we paid $35 each to get in and realize even if we just wanted to chill and drink we had to does another $20 each for one drink. So much for a Vegas trip and trying to see one of your favorite artists to watching trashy women strip for trashy men :( Marquee I was looking forward to an amazing experience :( at least on Friday night for a random adventure I'm so glad I Stumbled across the new Nightclub at the Mandalay Bay called the Light Vegas. We got to go in free with free drink tickets to see A-Trak and it was so much fun... The layout was perfect and you could see everything. If you haven't checked it out yet you should .. They're run by a Cirque du so Leil theme (dancers and performance) and it's beautiful !
4	I've been to both the Nighclub & Dayclub. At night, the place can get pretty packed. Packed to the point where walking around is a real task. I love the multi level rooms and the decor, but I don't think I can stand in one room for more than an hour. It's just too stuffy!The dayclub was pretty cool. Granted, this was my first time going to one, but if you like EDM, Marquee brings the big boys in! If you don't want to stand around the DJ booth, you can wade in the knee deep water and have a butt load of space all to yourself. I went for a bachelorette party to hear Kaskade :) Fireworks + pumped up crowdTips for day clubbin':-Watch your shoes or secure them someplace. Some girls had their shoes stolen, no joke-No large bags allowed. They'll make you rent a locker which cost $30. Perfectly shareable though.-$15 drinks, but you can get pitchers. Typical club prices thoughTips for night clubbin:-Get there early to wait in line.-Get on a guestlist. Girls, you better work it.-Boys will have to pay no matter what. In example, for Halloween it cost $80+
3	DAYCLUB REVIEW:This past weekend was the first time I ever partied at Marquee's Dayclub and let's just say: IT WAS FUN.I had a grand time. EDM music (not my total favorite), but I was caught up in my day-drunkness and celebrating my birthday to not even care! The lines at the bars are ridiculous. People at every corner you turn to. Half naked people! Only two bars: in the front of the patio and the back. There was a dancefloor towards the back bar, where the DJ spun, but it was so small. I feel like people just started making their own dancefloors throughout the place.I don't think there is much a difference to the nightclub. Large crowds. Only two differences I noticed was the inside club was closed off and there is daylight out.Overall, it was cool. Crowded like crazy. Ladies you're free. Men, depending if you're a male group with no ratios you can vary from 30-50 or more depending who is spinning that day. Hope that was kind of helpful!
5	I wasn't crazy about Marquee due to my last experience, but the last few times I've went changed that.The first time since that original review, I don't remember much only that it wasn't bad. We came for Gareth Emery but ended up leaving early because members of our group couldn't hack it.The second time, I came for day club. They had a "Halfway to EDC" pool party they threw. It was super hard to get into so we arrived early. We stood in a huge line and eventually got in. Everything was awesome, though super crowded. Dash Berlin rocked the house and I remember being impressed by the setup of the place more than I had been last two times i had been there. I also ordered some crazy nachos which were delicious but I couldn't eat very much of because I was still hung over. I still drank though, and had no problems with that. We met some amazing people and had had a great time. I'm very happy I dragged my boyfriend to it and decided to give Marquee another try.My third time, last weekend, everything was perfect. The atmosphere was spectacular, and ATB made us dance until we got blisters on the bottoms of our feet. (Which are still killing me, but so worth it.) The setup of the place impresses me more each time I go there, I sware. I just notice more great things about it.Oh and it helps that we never had to walk up those crazy high staircases again. That only happened that first time. Now they have a bunch of very operable elevators to get us to the needed floors.I love Marquee now. They just blew it the first time I came, but they've certainly redeemed themselves.Oh and make sure to hit up Brian T. at Marquee https://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=uaFOvyGPRvSETSS6Lk8-5A any time you're heading to Vegas and need gust list entry. He's awesome, and covers your entrance into all clubs, not just Marquee.
4	Definitely one of my favorite clubs minus the fact that there's a shit ton of stars to climb up and down. My favorite part of the place is the hip hop room. And surprisingly the library. Pretty much only bottle service is up there but there's a balcony inside the club...? Wait whaat haha so cool.Marquee dayclub is also fun and can get a little crowded.I love marquee Mondays! They have pretty cool djs that come in and they usually have open bar and free with even ratio. Girls are always free :) They used to have a little photo booth you can send yourself pictures but I guess it broke because it isn't there anymore :(Drinks can be expensive but depending on who's serving you it could be worth it. I've noticed in the hip hop room the drinks are always stronger than the one in the main room or outside.
3	Marquee is a solid 3. My most recent trips to this club have been less than satisfactory. The club is still beautiful, music good, but the main floor is a mess. When you want to get on you have to sneak your way in because bouncers close it off. When you do get on the floor you're packed like sardines. I still have fun in the hip hop room an enjoying the outside club area. Marquee day club still a go-to spot.
5	Loved this place!! Great for couples too, because when it gets too packed on the dance floor, the outside patio/pool/tables area is perfect to cool off. Even though we had not heard of this Dj, he still rocked the house!! Good drinks, good music, great relaxing areas in the club so I don't feel squished like sardines in a box. It was cool that we were staying here, cause we just took the elevator up to our room & bam passed out cold!! We had a grrrrreaat time!!
3	We had a great time with friends trying the bottle service which was reasonable for 7 people. Service was great and we were able to have fun and talk as we stayed in the quieter part of the club.
4	We had such a blast at Marquee!!  Lots of different rooms and areas to explore, including a nice outdoors section with bars sprinkled through out and a great dance floor and stage where you can enjoy awesome DJs/music.  The drinks were great - cosmopolitans and you must try a blueberry lemon drop shot - yum!  We met lots of people and drank the night away!  They might need more restrooms but it was easy to find.  Marquee is super fun!!
1	If you enjoy an overcrowded typical nightclub with fist pumping EDM. This place is for you. I hear that they have a hip hop room that is occasionally open. Call beforehand to see what they are playing. Unfortunately, that is what I did and I was told wrong. Good thing was, we were on the guest list, did not have to pay or wait in line. We pretty much walked in and walked right out. I hate EDM. If you want to hear good hip hop/r&b check out dj Casanova at Paris Chateau.
2	This place is popular, so it gets filled up to capacity.. My Biggest complaint about the DAYCLUB is the fact the every time I have went they don't have the music volume turned up enough.. Seriously. You shouldn't have to struggle to hear the music walking around or being in the pool. The layout is a bit tight space wise. I love tao beach because they turn up the music and the party. Marquee is kind of like a club that was created by a college fraternity.  They don't quite hit the mark at this club. You seriously got to be shitfaced or coked out to enjoy this place... not a fan.
3	So we came here on a Friday night around midnight. Since we went with some friends that were staying at the Cosmo, we got in within 10 minutes or so even though we arrived around 11:30 pm and the line was really long. Once inside the music was amazing. The vibe was good as well. Great visuals and go-go dancers but it was CROWDED as can be. I started to feel claustrophobic in the main room so we went outside. Music was not as good outside but we found a place to sit and it was nice. I think VIP/Table is probably the way to go for this club but we did not splurge this time. We only stayed an 1-1 1/2 or so before I was ready to tap out.. just too crowded. I was tired from driving to Vegas all day and wanted to save my energy for Rehab the next morning. Like I said, I am sure the experience would be different had I not been so tired and had we gotten a table. I wouldn't be too excited to go back though ... its just too crowded.
4	I had just turned 21, so I don't recall entirely what was going on. But I had quite a wonderful time.There's a nice inside area with dancing/dj etcand a chill outside area where you can get fresh air by the pool.Highly recommend it!
5	I love Marquee especially Marquee Monday! The best venue, DJ's, bartenders, & free drinks! I always end up having the best of time here and end up being disappointed when I go to other clubs on the strip.
1	I never EVER have a great experience in Marquee every time i go. Maybe it's the fact that they let in anyone for free. or their promoters are thirsty to hit their numbers. Overly crowded with douchefucks. No room to walk anywhere. It felt like a cattle ranch. Annoying douche bags awkwardly pushing and shoving around on the dance floors. Flailing their limbs around spilling their drinks on people probably on purpose because their life had no purpose.  Marquee somehow tends to book top headliners. but my friends and I left way before the headlining DJ came on. AVOID at all cost.
1	One of my worst experiences at a club, not just in Vegas. I've been to Marquee a couple of times now, and every time just awful. Maybe Marquee was popping, like 3 years ago, but not now. They let just about anyone in now, no cover charge with great DJs headlining. How they get these DJs? I have no idea. Douchebags flailing their arms and fisting the air like no other. You may just end up with a concussion after a night out at Marquee. Ratchets are sloppy drunks, staggering around trying to look sexy and dance. LOL, they seriously just like a ragdoll. Hot. Last time I got kicked out being too drunk. Um okay, why not kick out the douchelords about to knock someone out with their killer dance moves or the sloppy drunk ratchets who look like they're about to fall asleep?  No thanks, I'd rather wait in a line for Hakkasan, or just wait for the new Drais club.
4	One of my fave clubs in Vegas.  They always have great DJs performing.  Gets mega crowded but you can always hang around the pool area if you want more room and a place to breathe.
5	Marquee has really improved, though I'm sad they took the dome down because it was super freezing on Monday night. Really great wait staff and busser guys. Security is really awesome if you have a table, I slipped him a few bucks and everytime guys were bothering us, he would do the thumbs up sign (as if to ask if I was okay) and check if he needed to remove some douchebags. We had a table outside but I slipped some people some cash and got us moved inside as soon as one freed up. While we were outside, they got us towels for us to wrap around ourselves which was nice since they also got rid of the heaters. Our table inside was nice and we had a ledge to dance on. Bottles were buy 1 get 1 so we got 2 of vodka and ended up giving another table half a bottle since we were too wasted and it was 3AM so we really weren't going to finish it. Made lots of friends with our table neighbors.
2	WAY TOO LOUD. WAY TOO CROWDED. Went on a Monday night in December; only 1 level was open; outside was boring. I will not be returning.
1	Everything here is a "NO".. NO you may not take the elevator, we'll make you climb 7 flights of stairs in heels! If you're a guy, then NO you may not enter unless you come in with a group of ladies. Exiting Marquee, NO you may not leave the same way you came in.. You must take a longer route to meet your friend, the staircase. Ridiculous stairs to enter the nightclub; 4.5 floors to the hip hop room & 7 floors to the main room. Elevators are supposedly reserved for staff. (*Note: we were VIPs.. Can't imagine how non-VIPs are treated)
4	Marquee and XS are by far the best nightclubs in Vegas. This was the first nightclub I went to since I turned 21 and every time I go to Vegas (which is often), I always try to go to Marquee. The nightclub itself is just like the Cosmopolitan...beautiful and mesmerizing. Not to mention, it's huge unlike the new clubs like Hakkasan and Light. The only reason why I give it 4 stars is because I'm not overly excited with some of the DJs they have playing there. I am a huge EDM fan and I feel ever since Hakkasan opened, Marquee doesn't have great DJs playing there a lot. Regardless, the other clubs are over hyped and I would recommend this club to any person who goes to Vegas.
3	If you've been to Encore or Rehab's day party, Marquee's day party is pretty unimpressive.  For one, the place is super small.  Even with purchasing a cabana, its pretty cramped for room and we even had people asking us to pay for beach chairs, just so they could have somewhere to sit.  Its a huge pool dead in the middle and a few smaller pools surrounding.  But the biggest thing is almost the DJ booth (how absurd is that).Price wise its basically like everything else in Vegas, extremely pricey.  But I think this place is more ideal for bachelorette parties and things of that nature.  For those looking for more fun and more importantly more room, I'd definitely go to Encore and Rehab.
5	***Review for nightclub***I LOVE MARQUEE!I LOVE MARQUEE!!I LOVE MARQUEE!!!Ok I'm done being annoying now. But one more time I LOVE MARQUEE! I've been here about 6 times and each time was a blast!I love the fact that there are 3 different levels and each level plays different types of music. Sure there are stairs, but you have two options: use the elevator or walk up/down the stairs slowly while holding on to the railing lol. I'm usually downstairs in the Boom Box Room and yes it's small but the music is usually on point! I also like the Main Room and The Library too.The pool area is nice especially when you need some fresh air after dancing.  Drinks are typical Vegas prices meaning they are overpriced! The question isn't IF I will be back it's WHEN will I be back...soon hopefully : )
5	Whenever I'm in Vegas, I really love to hit up Marquee because of their friendly service, and how organized they are!  I've been to their Daytime Pool Party as well as their Night Scene--both equally awesome!  The environment is very welcoming, cozy, and decor is very me: Modern and the Mgr Terry is just wonderful!  He always takes care of me and my people whenever we're there.  Kudos, Marquee!!
3	The club is actually pretty small, and like all other vegas clubs, no seating unless you  get bottle service.
1	After giving this club a terrible (much-deserved) review, I was contacted by Jennifer Kuehne, Guest Relations Rep for Marquee, and she told me to email my complaint to David Long. I emailed David and let him know that my reservation wasn't honored and that they pretty much ruined my 30th birthday celebration. I never heard back from David. I'm sure they really don't care about me and my one bottle reservation but clubs like this don't deserve anyone's business. Clearly they don't value their customers unless they spend excess amounts of money. I have a lot of yuppy friends who I'll definitely tell to stay away from this club. There are plenty of other boojie spots in Vegas for clubbing. The fact that I still haven't got a response from anyone shows me they don't care about customer satisfaction. People who give this club 5 stars are those fist-pumping douche bags and/or gold diggers who love throwing their money away on stupid shit.
4	Been here for both the dayclub and nightclub, but to break it down & make it simple...The nightclub sucks, but the dayclub rocks!Nightclub:-overly crowded like most have said-music in hip hop room was good, but you will barely have room to shake your booty-the guys w/ table service here are too cocky and will try to pull you to their table and dance w/ you-bar for nightclub sucks-it's pretty outside the pool area if you wanna get fresh air, or at the balcony-don't come here for the nightclub if you're claustrophobic-takes forever to get inDayclub:-easy/hassle free entrance & when we went, I got access to open bar-crowd isn't as rowdy as other dayclubs & they're more friendly/chill-very laid back atmosphere-bar service is awesome and the drinks were bomb-gambling tables available to play-needs more open space for people to lay & tan, or at least bigger pools
5	First thing you need to know about any place in Vegas on the strip, DRINKS are EXPENSIVE!!!  Marquee Day/Night Club and pool was super clean looking.  It's not the biggest pool in town but the cabana's looked nice and even had their own hot tubs right in front.  ANY seating that you might want, you have to pay for.  So you would be looking at about $100-$200 for a typical lounge chair or chaise and everything else is up from there.  The drinks were delicious and the people were really friendly and the service was quick during the daytime (it wasn't very busy though).  There was poker and blackjack going on and the dealers are super nice and want you to win money.  Drinks were $16 a pop but if you gamble they are always free....so gamble!  Onto the nightclub.  First order of business is dress code.  ALOT of places we went to require some snappy dressing.  Dress shoes for men and heels for women.  My friend was denied for wearing all black nice Nike's so he had to come back with diff shoes.   When we walked in the dance floor was crazy fun and they always had some stuff dropping from the ceiling with crazy lights, confetti and this AWESOME cool air smoke machine.  It felt amazing after dancing and sweating like crazy!  The best part was when a huge platform dropped from the celing and four GORGEOUS women appeared on it.  They were dressed in crazy sexy space suits with lasers, changed to sexy police officers and so on.  They choreograph danced the hearts out and everyone had their eyes glued to them, it was some serious entertainment.  Drinks flowed pretty quickly too but was definitely pricey, as is everywhere else.  I also left my card at the bar that night.  TOP NOTCH service when I called and asked about it.  They have their own lost and found and it took me 2 minutes to reclaim my card by showing ID.  I actually did this twice that weekend and both times they located it in their data base and told me where to go.
1	The crowd is expected but the workers and and their rudeness is not cool
5	Where do I start...I must say the vibe was great from the get go because we were on a guest list and celebrating a bday, 1 male/1 female. The bouncers recognized the bday from checking age dates on IDs and congratulated us, as well as overall having a friendly staff leading into the club (arrival time was 10:30). (This itself is a rarity from personal experiences)We met with our party up in the library, and what a great hideaway that area is to get your night sort of ramped up before the headliner comes on. Our bartender Roland (sp?) was awesome. Friendly, would have a conversation with you, pour some amazing drinks, and mainly just help you keep a good vibe going. The library has it's own pool table and decor that makes you forget for a second that you are in a huge club. I recall like that area.As the headliner (Kaskade) started we made our way down to the main floor. Yes, as others say it does get packed like no other. We kept ourselves kind of on the outside and was really there to listen to good music. Kaskade is such a great dj and crowd reader and can keep the energy going past 3am.Really had a good time and was fortunate enough to have a superb staff experience. I can't say you will get that often anywhere else, and would bank on that towards the lucky side. Can't wait to come back again sometime.
4	Indoor/Outdoor club was awesome.  Highly recommend getting a table to avoid the hassle of waiting on line, but expect to wait unless you know someone.Waiting on line outside is pretty overwhelming, but don't step on anyone's toes to rub them the wrong way and they will get to you sooner or later.Music was good, service is standard for a club and try and get a table outside to get some fresh dessert air!
4	This club is nice because it is indoor and outdoor. Warning HELLA stairs to get in.My friends and I started off on the first level because we had to take a break from all the stairs we climbed just to get into the place. The music was Hip Hop and the bar was easy to access and had decent prices. There is a door that leads to an outside balcony type area that has a great view of the strip and is nice to escape when you're too hot from being inside. The resident DJ Lisa Pittman was playing all the jams we liked and we had fun all because of her! We took a break to see the upper floor which was an open patio area for House music, but we didn't enjoy the music as much as downstairs so we retreated back down. One time we were inside and it just began to smell really bad. I'm guess the staff noticed because they burned matches or something to alleviate the smell which I think is great and it worked!I would definitely come back here. My only reason for 4 stars is because there was just one club that we went to that was better than this one.
4	My first Vegas day club experience was pretty awesomeness! This place is pretty nice, clam, loud and definitely worth going back. If you don't want wait a long time to get inside, buy your ticket online and you get in within 10 minutes. The drinks here are pretty pricey, being Vegas! You should definitely drink before heading here. The service at the bar is pretty bad. You can wait up to 10-15 minutes for a drink! The pool is very crowded too. The only reason I'm giving this place a 4 stars is because, I had fun but, not relaxing!You can't sit anywhere and lounge at this pool. Unless, you have a cabana reserved. This place doesn't have chairs or sofa to just relax and listen to the DJs! If your planing on doing this, it's not for you. Stay at your hotel pool instead. :)
1	Over hyped and priced, the main floor played EDM which I love, however the play list lacked energy and did not drive the party.  Entrance and drinks are over priced, even for Vegas. The bouncers antagonize the guests, probably due to the steroid induced testosterone high. Bottom line, go to another club.
3	Don't go to the marquee unless you have a table. Even though I purchased a ticket to the event, I couldn't enjoy Kaskade's set. It was so packed that the bouncers didn't allow anyone who didn't have a table to stand in the same spot for more than 20 seconds. This is probably because it would be hazardous to a crowd if something were to happen, which is understandable, however, I wish that the club could be designed so that people who are not forking out thousands of dollars for a table can enjoy the DJ. I think if you are willing to spend thousands of dollars on one night at a club it would be a great place to go to. Everyone who had a table seemed to be having the time of their lives. The bathroom had a separate room where there are plenty of mirrors for girls to hog. i didn't like climbing like 6 floors with heels to reach the right one. The elevator guy was way cool though... a free style rapper. I understand that Vegas burns holes in everyone's pockets, but I think that it needs to be more accommodating to people who don't have a table.
4	My favorite club in Vegas. I actually care about the music so I come here for the trance djs. Everywhere else is house music. The patio is a nice place to hang out. It's less crowded and since it's Vegas it's not freezing. The inside is extremely crowded. I prefer not to be in there. There's also a hip hop room and a library. Check it out! Go early to avoid lines.
3	I've come here a few times already to see:AviciiKaskade (1 day, 1 night)Armin Van BuurenATBLet me tell you the major cons I have about this place. It is super super packed. It will be extremely hard for you to get around here, with the way this place is laid out. The dance area is in the center, enclosed by this circular area. You cannot even get in there. The security won't let you in at all unless you have a table, or if you bribe them. How lame is that! Depending on the night, the outdoor area can be fully packed as well. Now during the day, it can be a bit better. It is not as packed, and you can still get around in the mob even if a good DJ is performing. It's nice because you can chill outside in the sun if you want, or inside if it is too hot. They have couches around the edge of the club where you can chill out, although sometimes the remove them. Drinks here are a bit cheaper than other clubs in Vegas. Roughly 15-16 a cocktail, similar to LA clubs. Lines are long to get in. I would just buy a presale and go in with barely any wait. I got onto a promoter's guest list, and wasn't even able to get in quickly. I still had to wait in the regular line and pay. Might as well buy a presale.
4	This club is different depending on what day you come really, (this applies to both the nightclub and dayclub)dayclub: very chill, nice open area on Fridays a bit more chill, good music, pool is pretty nasty but when is it not at a pool party? good place to come hang out and chill, on Saturdays the partying is bit more "hardcore" and people are dancing a bit more, Friday is a bit more "lounge-ish"nightclub: 3 floors and an open area, each floor plays different music so you can choose, edm, hiphop, or top40s (not sure about this last one) i enjoy all the floors about the same but I'm a edm fan so that's my favorite. It can get pretty crowded on the edm floor but it's not as bad as Hakkasen or XS since this club is overall larger
3	I was here yesterday for Porter Robinson's set at the Dayclub, I haven't been to the nightclub. Overall a good venue, but from what I've seen in Vegas this pool area is rather small. Unless you purchase a daybed or cabana you're probably better off checking out a different pool party. I liked the stage setup; I was able to walk right up to the side of the DJ booth without too much trouble even though it was pretty packed. If you're a fan of the DJ it's cool but otherwise I'd check out some other pool parties with more square footage to offer.
5	The club was amazing. The floor we stayed played the best house music. We were told that the 5th floor played R&B and the 7th floor more of the pool/lounging area. So far the people that worked in the club were very helpful an they really tried to accommodate everybody. They charged men 120 dollars  for the ticket at the door but they can get 75dollar online. For women only 40dollars. Thank God. But still better if you are on the guest list, then you don't need to worry waiting on the long line and paying for the charge. Taking a cab is the best idea after party.all in all, it was a good experience and will come back here next time.
4	What's a great place to celebrate your birthday and your first time clubbing in vegas? This place! I don't usually go partying, but my brother insisted we should check this place out. Turns out this night happened to be PARTY ROCK MONDAY! Guess what that means? A guest appearance by the man himself "REDFOOO"! They usually have this every month on a monday. So lets put our hands up in the air and start waving them in the air while I start this review.We called this place and they told us that the entrance fee was $50 dollars for guys. My brother looked at me and said.... Yo... this is your first time, i'll cover you and happy birthdayyy!. As we were walking towards Cospolitan, this promoter looking person told us he got tickets to the Marquee... all he asked for was a tip. So we were like lets give him $5 and see what he does...  he took our money and gave us the tickets and the night was on!The venue was very nice! It had a outside patio and a pool for decoration! There's  a dance floor also, but it got full really quick. I had a nice time and met some nice people. Some of the residents of Las Vegas said that locals get in for free to most clubs in Vegas. Lucky Ducks! This club was a little different from what I'm use to. So you wait in line and then after awhile you are allowed inside a elevator that leads you up to the club. Let the dancing begin! Danced with this on girl, but after awhile she pulled out a cig and started dancing and smoking at the same time.... Reaaaaally.... who does that?.... I guess apparently she does. I guess the no smoking policy doesn't apply here. Total buzz saw... People were looking at her like... what the heck is she doing??? After that I needed a drink! Drinks are expensive here, but that's what is expected when you go to clubs in vegas.After awhile, I told myself you can can't let one incident deter you from not having fun. Everything started to pick up again after RedFoo made his entrance.  He did DJ'ing and singing some hits from Party Rock! Night was saved!Gosh... Don't know when i'll be back in Vegas, but if I do I'll make another clubbing stop here.
1	this club has a great line up of djs but the venue is completely off. its not a multi level club so you will have a hard time seeing the dj. There is quite a mixture of a crowd , the employees are extremely ghetto and unprofessional. Although there was a great DJ spinning just like any other club on aFriday night, we were not allowed to go to the dance floor so we went outside and soon we realized that they didn't even have a great surround sound to listen to the music like the other clubs do. stick to XS, Hakassan and Light. a complete disaster, the party at my house was at least entertaining
5	Dayclub beats nightclub. Suns out guns out bro. The day club has everything you want, beautiful people, cold drinks, a decently clean pool. great music, and none of the bane of night clubs like the crowd, pretentious pricks, and ruined faith in humanity. People are friendly and when the bass drops the pool gets rowdy rowdy. It's the highlight of the Vegas club experience.
5	This pool/day club is too sick!! Dj booth is hella personal and place has a great set up!! Went for Cedric Gervais for my birthday on March 15th and I'm looking forward to returning EDC weekend!! I used a promoter Brian i found through Instagram (@brian_t_at_marquee_lasvegas) he's legit! I bought my ticket because i know some promoters only get the girls in for free. When i got there i was good on the guestlist as well as my girlfriend, so i just gave my ticket to someone in line and saved them some cash :) He ended up bumping into me in side and bought me a few drinks. What goes around comes around :)
4	Bottle service at Marquee.. in one of the cabanas outside by the pool..Gorgeous people all around.. the music/dance floor is quite nice as well.Typical to spend around 3-4K a night.. but you get about 5 btls of liquor for that..good if you have a group of 10+ ppl.
4	First off, group of us (6 guys, mid twenties) came last year.  We heard about this V Card so we got one (about 50 bucks a piece).  Wow did it work great.  We got to Marquee early (11am) pretty much like every other pool party to avoid lines and any problems since it was 6 guys.  The V Card took care of our cover and we went in real easy.  Since we were there early it was pretty empty but we didn't mind.  We got a good spot at the pool and started drinking.  From the little bit I remember, it did start to fill up and it got pretty rowdy.  Good times, we're back in Vegas this weekend and will be there.  We also will try the nightclub this year as well (also covered by the V Card).
4	Clubs and table service in Las Vegas are in a category of their own, so this review assumes you kinda know the drill when it comes to partying in Vegas and bottle service.  With that said, Marquee is one of the best clubs, simply because it is operated by the team who also runs Tao and Lavo (both in Las Vegas and NYC), as well as other top club/restaurant venues.Marquee always has top notch DJs. Location inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel is a big bonus, as is their pool and day club.  Lines will get ridiculously long, so if you're gonna try to wait in line (which I don't recommend), get there very early. Groups of girls really shouldn't have a problem getting in (provided they get there early), but it's always best to know someone who works there, or promotes for the club. Knowing the folks who run Tao or Lavo can also help. Groups of guys basically need to get a table -- and be prepared for hefty table minimums.  Mixed groups are better off getting a table as well.  It's worth getting there early, paying the high prices, and enjoying the ambiance and music that makes Marquee one of the top clubs in Las Vegas, if not North America.  I noticed a previous review about workers here being "ghetto" and "unprofessional" .... I find this very hard to believe, and perhaps might be the result of Vegas nightclub chaos and attitude that permeates all venues in Vegas. I know the team who operates these venues, and they are top notch folks who really know what they're doing, and make sure they pay attention to every detail -- especially the people who work at their clubs.(4.5 stars; I dock 0.5 stars only because it's no longer new, which plays a factor in nightclub popularity in Vegas).
5	Marquee Dayclub:Most pleasant dayclub experience I have had thus far! Let's start the review and break things down: Wait time: What wait? We arrived around 11ish-12 so it was not popping just yet. If you want fast entry than go around this time, there is literally no one waiting. (Should arrive around this time to guarantee entry for those on guest list)Lockers: $45 for the whole day, I believe they only take card so be prepared. Drinks: I feel like drink prices are fair. You can get a full pitcher to share with friends for $45 in comparison to other dayclubs that make you pay $35 for those refillable cups sizes. Personally, I think that the drink deal here is a WIN! Music: During my visit here, it was the dayclub's reopening for the summer season so Kaskade was the DJ of the day. All I can say about the performance was I was SPEECHLESS and am at a lost for words ! Venue: I personally felt like it was kind of cramped. There needs to be more adequate standing area in front of the stage. I also did not like the layout of the club. Both pools were to the side of the stage, making it hard for you to watch the DJ from where u were. Oh and don't even get me started about the pool water!  Let's just say by the time Kaskade came out the water was a murky. Don't even want to know what happened..Staff: Everyone that I encountered and asked help from were nice and polite which was a nice change!BEWARE of thieves!! Please don't cheap out on getting a locker! During my time there, a lot of girls around me lost their stuff. Steve Madden wedges, sunglasses, sandals and cell phones just to name a few.Overall, I am happy with my experience here!Giving this place a TWO thumbs up, definitely worth checking out this summer season.
1	Went there for my brothers 21st birthday but was a fail once we got there due to the bouncer rejecting our entrance to the fact that we had about 7 males and 3 females (their ratio is 1:1 males:females for entrance) when unfairly he let a group of 4 males in with no question. That logic makes no sense. Very rude and disrespectful. Have been there a couple of times before but that night was disturbingly unpleasant. No wonder they're getting a bad rep nowadays. Hakkasan or the clubs at the encore were our other choices such as XS and Surrender and are 10x better.
3	I was able to go to both Marquee Nightclub and Dayclub and besides it being somewhat of a blur it was fun. I was more of a fan of the day club than the night club so to sum this review up I am just going to list the Pros and Cons of each.Nightclub Pros:*Great DJs*Great Sound system*Great looking ladiesNightclub Cons:*Expensive!*If you want to actually not wait in line be prepaired to cough up some cash to bypass the line.*Trying to get a drink is kind of ridiculous *This place only caters to the rich and to the females*Packed beyond belief where you honestly cant move or go anywhere*Disorganized*Way to hot!*No where to sit unless you buy a VIP tableDayclub Pros:*Way more laid back than the night club*Great DJs *Amazing looking peopleDayclub Cons:*The journey just to get to this place is kind of nuts*Expensive*Bouncers are pricks
4	Great Club! I was brought here by the promoter Brian T who is an outstanding promoter! Porter Robinson was playing so the place was packed. My friends enjoyed the fact that they had a hip hop room as well. The outside pool area was nice to lounge in although the winds were a little high that night. If you need to ger on the guest list, text Brian T 408.896.5160. He's the best promoter I've had the pleasure to work with in Vegas!
4	C'mon, an easy win in a crowded Vegas club scene. I am not by any means a vivid clubgoer, but when I go I demand to be taken care of and damn does the Marquee do a good job. If you can avoid the crowd - table/bouncer/promoter - do what you gotta do to make it happen because the Marquee is consistently dope if you don't need to deal with the hassle.
2	Got in on GL, no cover, all good. Staff was kinda rude. Top floor and Hip Hop rooms were closed so only the main floor was open (Monday Night). Sat in the corner of the patio while we waited for the place to fill up and were told we couldn't sit. Lame...there was NO one in the outside tables. Bartender was a snot so I said F-this..XS is a 5 min cab...bye. I could see a possible good time here but I wouldn't pick it over Drais or XS or even Surrender. The staff should check out Drais and learn how it's done.
5	Unce unce unce unce!I feel like a lot of my reviews start with "unce unce unce" hahaha. Can't get enough of that edm! Anywayyys, I had me & my bf on the GL so we were both able to get in for FREE..... to see DASH BERLIN !!!!!! :D AMAZING! We had to get in before 11pm to make the cut off time. So we started lining up around 10:30 and they gave us our ticket right away. I was also able to get a wristband for open bar ... but it ended at 11pm :( and I didn't make it on time. Oh wells! Drinks are pretty pricey, but I guess it's average in vegas? I got a redbull vodka, which was $18 + $2 tip = $20 total for that damn drink! Plus, it wasn't even that strong :( Bleh. Buuuuttt, I did talk to some guy & he gave me a ticket for a free drink but it only limits to 1 to 1 ratio of juice and alcohol. But still good, FREE drink!!! :)The dance floor is kinda small but it's better than hakkasan. I love that Marquee had the outdoor & indoor stage and a pool outside! When I went on Monday, it was SUPER windy ... so hopefully people going to EDC the weekend after will be okay and EDC won't be cancelled like it did 2 years ago haha. There was also a sitting area outside as well, right next to the bar, pretty sweet! My bf's knees were hurting really bad so thankfully they had a place to sit and not having us get tables. Performance was AMAZING! They had dancers on the side and even a guy throwing the crowd some glowsticks and wristbands.Overall, I had an amazing time at Marquee and I would definitely go back again!
1	You have to be or look like the bouncer to get in here. Five guys before me got in with wife beater tank tops and baseball caps but I couldn't get in with a tank top.Bought the clothes next door to get in and then the girls bar tending couldn't take an order in spite of being empty.I'd go somewhere else where there aren't jabronies
4	Nice club, good music, only downside: stairs. So many stairs. You can have a complete workout and not even have to hit the gym the next day.
3	I went on an impromptu trip to Vegas with a friend and her sister, and via suggestions from her friends, we came here on a Friday night - when Benny Benassi (known for his song 'Satisfaction') was the DJ. A lotta bachelor party people were out this night. Music was groove-worthy and different from just the top hits but it was techno-ish and not my ultimate preference; but still, it was all right to dance to. Female dancers in their typical get-ups were scattered in niches across various walls and about 4 dancers were on stage-most had decent bodies and normal lookin' faces. Place was packed. Once indoors, a nice, tall, broad-shouldered gentlemen split the seas of people and kindly escorted us to the restroom. A bartender we encountered was cold - bad night?, hating dealing w/ alcohol-induced people, perhaps?  We waited in the 'other hotel guests' line to get in. Terrible. The bouncer, too, gave us an attitude way below chilly. Waited an hour, from midnight to 1am. While the night was fun, I don't think it was worth the wait. Waiting to get in is just boring, and it was a $20 cover charge. It is a spacious place, though, with a spacious interior connecting to the outdoor area. It seems the way to get in quickly into packed night clubs in Vegas is to know or make acquaintances with a club promoter, which is how we got into Club XS on Saturday night. It is the promoters' job to promote their clubs or whatever they are promoting, and this way you can help avoid a needless, tedious wait.
4	As a guest of the Cosmopolitan, I visited the pool during the day which is A-OK. Of the 3 pools at the Cosmo, Marquee is THE party pool, so if you want quiet chill time this locale is probably not for you. I had perhaps a bit of an atypical experience when visiting the "Nightclub." The first part of the night I was attending a private party that had open bar and was fully catered. Great cocktails! The bartenders are obviously well-skilled and know how to poor a mean drink.  I don't know what kitchen prepares the food, but I have to say I had the very best ever ribeye I've ever had in my life! Directly from the carving board (poor guy did not know how to cut meat, but didn't matter) to my plate to my mouth. A whole ribeye slow roasted for 15 hours served from a poolside buffet - who would've thunk it? :) The JUMBO coconut shrimp were also a huge hit! The staff couldn't keep the trays full.  Having already been inside decided to check out the inside club (no line, no cover - yay!). Super crowded, loud DJ, house music, I'm finally too old for that scene - or at least too old to not enjoy being pushed around and have drinks spilled on me anymore, so we only stayed for one - plus we had another private event at another Casino to attend. If you're young and hip (not hip replacement), rumor is Marquee is THE hot club on The Strip right now - so party on boys and girls!
4	I was there on the 13th of this month, first time being there since I'm not a big EDM fan and it was pretty legit. Had a real good table right above the dance floor. I would come again.
1	I did not have a good experience at Marquee. I went on a Monday where drinks were supposedly free for females from 10p-11p. That was a lie, the bartender was super rude and said that it didn't apply to hard liquor. Maybe it should have been advertised that it was only beer or something and not "free drinks". The place was jammed packed too - it seemed like they were way over capacity. My friends and I decided to go to the dancefloor..worst decision ever. In the span of the 5 minutes that we were there, my friend was touched inappropriately and my phone was stolen right out of my purse. When we went to the security to report it, they never did anything. They were rude, was not helpful at all, and all they said was to come back the next day to look thru the lost and found. They didnt even try to help us report it to the police. We left right away and took the cab to the police station ourselves. I knew my phone wouldn't show up in lost and found but we still went back the next day in the hopes that maybe it had turned up. The girl that was in the lost and found booth was rude and had no customer service. There was music playing loud in the lobby and she was sitting all the in the back of the booth, expecting us to hear her. She never came up to speak with her until we told her that we couldn't hear her, and only then did she get up to look thru the lost and found file. Overall, the people at Marquee needs to learn what customer service means. I will never come back to Marquee after their horrible service.
5	This review is for the nightclub portion of Marquee. It pays to be on the guest list at Marquee as we were not in line for very long. We were whisked away via a back entrance route to the club. Ladies, this entails a very brutal walk up the stairs as evidenced by my lady friends. The ladies with the large heels have to work for a wonderful clubbing experience. The club consisted of two sections. They were playing hip hop outside while playing EDM inside. The thing that was most noticeable were the translucent hot tubs adjacent to the cabanas. It seems like those tubs would be used during the day time. I was mainly outside listening to the hip hop music but the EDM music was also pretty good as well. Also, if I remember correctly, mixed drinks were about $16 a drink.....so definitely try to pre-drink before you come to the club.Marquee provides you the ability to purchase your tickets in advance before going to the club. For the world renowned DJ's that they bring into the venue, it is advisable to do so. Also, Marquee has all access wristbands that are good for an entire weekend. One weekend I saw had the price point for an all weekend wristband was $100 for males and $30 for females. I suppose that if you were a guy who really wanted multiple opportunities to hookup with girls, the wristband may be worth it. Who knows......The music definitely stole the show. I would love to return to Marquee in the near future.
2	Second time to this club in 2 years. Didn't like it the first time and it wasn't any better the second time around. The music inside the club wasn't any good. The music outside was a lot better but it was too hot to handle.
3	Attended the AVB event on 6/19/14 at Marquee Nightclub.The Will-call line was poorly managed. People kept appearing in front of me after I'd been waiting in line for over half an hour. Not cool! Get some barriers to stop people from pushing in.To enter the club we had to walk up multiple flights of ugly metal stairs.. not a particularly great first impression to a Vegas super-club (!)Once inside it was pretty crowded, but this was made better as the nightclub opened out onto the day-club. Drinks were expensive (as expected) but quite strong and tasted pretty good! In my opinion the dance floor itself is too small for the size of the club and promotes a huge crowd of people pushing to get to and from the dance floor. It also makes getting to the bathrooms really difficult.Overall my friends and I had a really fun night and I would go back again!
5	My first Vegas night club.  WOW!! just wow!! Love the flashing strobe lights it's out of control...what? what? So many different  rooms to go to. Didn't like waiting in line in heels but it was worth the wait! Wanna go back now!!
1	This is for the day club. If you are a jersey boy roided up, a LA wanna-be or a total tool then this is your kinda place - you'll love it. The music over 3 days granted it was m, t, w got better by the day but only went from a 5 to a 7.... The bouncers are rude and go out of their way to be jerks. It's a scene or be seen sort of place with the models errrr  waitresses holding bottles to deliver over their heads. We only went there caz we were in a bungalow and that was the closest pool. The pool is shallow and therefore is about 85 degrees but cooler than the air.
1	Went here for a bachelorette and they said my small beach bag was too big and that I had to pay $30 for a locker so my gf came with me to the lockers. Then we walked back and they then said her bag which was a small purse was also too big (another $30). I guarantee they make commission on those locker fees. It was 5pm when we checked in also so we paid $60 for an hour of jersey shore trash. Never again.
3	Although i've been here over 10 times, this is my first review. The atmosphere is great, the drinks are tasty, but so damn crowded at all times! 4th of July was insanely packed. There was no room in the pool!
5	Update: I went backkkk.... and this time to the dayclub and the nightclub. SO MUCH FUN!! I love this place- got VIP tables both times, which is clutch. Service is awesome, the waitstaff and bouncers are extremely friendly. Arguably the best club we went to all weekend... Very chic!!
4	For the best partying during the day Marquee is the place to go! Youll love the ambiance and theres alway cite girls!!!!
4	Its always about the music. Its a nightclub you gotta have good music and this had place had Great music!!!! We went on a monday. We were put on a guest list so we went in for free. It was a bit hard to find i always get lost in the cosmo. Its just too jainormous. Didnt have any issues with my purse bein to big like other people were sayin. Everyone was pretty nice. No rude bouncers or anythin. It was a great night. Perfect way to end our vegas trip
2	Surprisingly, I did not like the venue. I say this, because I've heard great things about this place, so I was very disappointed to feel otherwise.So many stairs and the rooms were very small. In order to get to the first room, we climbed one too many flights of stairs (I think it was like...the 5th floor or something ridiculous like that). The hip hop room had a great DJ who spun everything from current top hip hop hits to classics that hit home. The dance floor was extremely tiny though! We had to climb another set of stairs to get to the main floor where Kaskade's set was. Unless you had a table, you are constantly standing and bumping into everyone. The main dance floor has bouncers who keep you moving through the club. They pick and choose who to let in to the main dance area in front of the DJ. if you aren't able to get in, you are forced to keep moving until you are pushed outside. Lucky for me, I was able to get into the middle with a few friends, but part of my group wasn't so lucky, so we got split up. When Kaskade came on, it was super fun, until it got way too crowded and everyone was just packed in like sardines. Didn't help that the people next to me were doing cocaine on their credit cards in the midst of everyone sweating and farting profusely on each other. After a good 30 minutes of jumping up and down, we decided to leave. To me, that wasn't worth $50 for the guys. I would choose a pool party over this nightclub any day. Then again, EDM isn't my cup of tea anyways.
2	Not our first time coming here, as we stay at the cosmo each time we're in vegas, but unfortunately, the service and discernment of the staff has dropped significantly since our earliest experiences. Lets start w/ the day party - 2 stars - came through on Friday July 4th after we all landed. First the foolishness at the door with the hardcore I.D.'ing and lines to get on lines, even though we were on the guestlists and we're a group of girls. Prejudice from other staff members of our own color, were giving us a hard time and power tripping. Once upstairs the asian bartender was a total turd, we ordered gummi bear shots from her, she misheard and gave us some minty shyt that tasted like scope, she had an attitude problem when we told her it was wrong and we wanted her to change them to what we ordered, as if WE did something wrong, cause its our fault that the music was too loud and she couldn't hear us? Ok, so then she goes and tattle tales on herself to management before we go and speak to them ourselves, cause she wanted to soften her own story by telling it herself and still wanted to charge us to change the shots, cause naturally someone shot it all since they're supposed to be shots. Duh. Anyways, we finally got our correct shots after some back and forth, but it was a total buzz kill to deal with her sourness, especially when the party was already dying down. We had started our day so happy and ready to party, they completely harassed us down to were we just left. Came back again Tuesday to kill time before our flights and it was such a dead zone. Had lobster tacos, they were ok, light, small, nothing too flavorful. Both times they played awful EDM, no house at least, no switching up, no classics, just super niche electronic shyt. Marquee dayclub staff and management is super weak, and you would think they would conduct themselves better with new, hipper, sexier competitors like Drais taking the majority of their crowd.As for the night club - 4 stars - we had a good time there last year, and a great time there again this year on a monday night after the 4th of july holiday weekend. Got through on the guestlist with no harassment this time. But also worth noting we got there really early, like 10-11ish. Was supposedly their industry night, we stayed in the boombox room with hip hop. Music and mixing was good, everyone was dancing, tons of groups of cool girls ready to have good clean dancey fun. We were some of the first to arrive, some sponsors got us tons of white gummibear shots so we were feeling nice again. Place got packed, music was great, Lebron James was in the building, things got good, cause we forced it up to be so. But originally the girl bartender was super nervous to make our normal drinks properly during the open bar because of "cameras". Same with a guy tender at another bar downstairs, and he was of course more rude about it. Management needs to empower and encourage their barstaff to apply discernment independently for situations, 3 hot ladies celebrating a birthday and bachelorette, shouldnt have to negotiate for well made drinks, especially at the given pricepoints. You would get so much more money giving people proper drinks, cause then theyre feeling buzzed and enjoying themselves and want to stay longer and spend more money. Stop being so effing cheap on the liqs and making your staff so scared and bitchy, or if the struggle is so real, dont have an open bar then. And your door shouldnt be armed to the tooth by assholes. They should have the good sense to let the party girls into to party. Lighten up marquee, you're really not that hot and you're losing your audience to other hotter, better staffed and better managed spots on the strip.
5	After hearing about Marquee from numerous people I decided I had to try it out for myself so on 4th July myself, my partner and his friend headed over to Cosmopolitan from our hotel to give it a spin. We had gone to Hakkasan the night before and, while ended up having a good night, were not looking forward to being treated like scum by the bouncers for not paying for bottle service. Our fears were unfounded it seems, when we arrive we were greeted warmly by the security staff, barely had to wait in line and were taken up to the club promptly. Once inside the bar staff were efficient and everyone seemed hellbent on having a great time!Marquee is great as you can go outside or in, have a gamble and also choose from a few different rooms so things never get boring. The music is great and the feature dancers are hot- nothing bad to say about this venue!
1	Rude, disrespectful and obnoxious. Will never come back here again. Don't waste your time or money.
4	We stayed at the Cosmo for a few days and one of them was on a Monday.  Marquee is open on Mondays.  We arrived around midnight and got in easily for free through the Hotel Guests line.  Big plus right there.  We stayed at Encore and did not get in for free to either XS or Tryst simply because we were hotel guests. (now we get in for free because we know one of their top servers personally)I loved Marquee.  Not as good as XS or Tryst but better than Hakkasan at MGM in my opinion.  There are lots of areas to explore.  My only gripe is the terrible stairs.  I understand the need for stairs in a place like this but dress it up a bit!  It reminds me of stairs in an old high-school.Our favorite room was the BoomBox room - hip-hop and a lot of fun.  I did not get to see the Library or at least I don't remember lol.  Drinks are typical $20 each so pre-party to get your buzz on before coming to the club and prepare for a lot of walking.  If you don't have a table, there are very few places for you to check out the action unless you're lucky enough to get a spot on a wall.  Bouncers keep you moving in all directions.  Still even without a table I would come back to Marquee and plan to next time.
3	Haven't been to the day club so I can't say anything about that, but the night club isn't that fun because it's just soooo packed. There's literally no where to stand, and the workers will constantly tell you to move away from the isles. People were standing anywhere and everywhere they would fit. Lol it's just too packed to even have fun. They should really consider letting less people in. Being outside is nicer because it's less crowded, but the music is inside.......
1	Came to Marquee for the first time with my girlfriends to celebrate my frends return from the navy and did not expect such rude and unnecessary behavior from their bouncers.We were on guestlist and waited over 3 hrs for any response but was rudely ignored even though we went up to them asking about the current status. When we were finally able to get one of their attentions they said itd be 20-30 more minutes after 30 min he says that the line is on hold and cant do anything about it. But he continued to let random people who werent in line through.I do not expect to ever stay at the Marquee after such an experience and you shouldnt either.
1	POOL: WAY too packed. MUSIC: WAYYY too loud. DJ: very, very sweaty but his music didn't suck. DANCERS: Impressive. We went to the day club and obviously this is where the talented dancers go to earn a living in vegas, not at strip or night clubs. WAITSTAFF: not bad for where they are forced to work BOUNCERS: d#$%s I saw them ask a guy with a white nose if he was doing coke then let him in anyway WHA?? They would not, however, let me in without mandating that i pay $30 to check my 13x9'' straw beach bag. Crazy? No, those are the priorities of the bouncers at a Vegas club. Oh and btw, we stayed at the Cosmo so passed the line and got in both days with no wait. We came on Friday 4th of July and Saturday. We got a cabana at the front of the pool. Overall: no intelligent person wants to go to a "day club." There is nothing to do except drink and grind like a farm animal. I consider it a crime that i was forced to waste 5 hours of my life here. Therefore, I give this club one star. If I could give it no stars I would.
5	Hands down the best club I've ever been to.  I was out with two friends, looking for something to do and randomly ended up here this past Friday.  It was after midnight and we were on our way to the Chandelier Bar for a cocktail and saw the HUGE line out in front of Marquee and figured it might be something good.  I talked to the door guy for a second and he escorted us past the line and the cashier to the elevator.  Score!!Being newbies, we explored a bit before picking our spot.  The outside area was gorgeous... swimming pools, palm trees, music, and an incredible view.  We found our way to the bar and ordered up some drinks.  The bartender came to us right away and was super friendly.  There was a bit of sticker shock on the prices, but she hooked it up strong.We enjoyed our drinks outside before heading in for the real show...Audien was playing.  Holy smokes it was good.  The sound system was incredible.  The light show was spectacular.  Beautiful go-go dancers.  And the music.... wow.  We danced our feet off until after 4:00am and the party was still going strong.  I was wishing for more comfortable shoes so I could keep dancing.I've seen some complaints on here about rude staff, but that couldn't be further from the truth for us.  We actually commented to each other about how polite and friendly everybody was.  Which is weird for a nightclub.  Guess we have lowered expectations coming from Atlanta.  lol.  But seriously, every staff member we encountered was very welcoming.And the crowd was amazing.  Very few amateurs.  They do a great job at filtering out the obvious d-bags at the door.I thought my clubbing days were just about over, but I think I'm just living in the wrong city.  Vegas, I'll be back!!!
3	Came here to see Kaskade on a Saturday night.  As expected, the place was popping and way over capacity.  Tickets were $55 and we waited over an hour to get in (a clear sign of over capacitance).  As soon as we got in, there was literally no room to stand.  The bouncers kept moving EVERYONE that was ANYWHERE (besides those who had table service) to "keep the flow of traffic" as one bouncer proclaimed.  The dance floor...don't even get me started.  It was so small and packed even tighter than a can of sardines!  I saw this one dude slip the bouncer guarding the dance floor a $20 to get in.  The bouncer lets him in, but the guy couldn't move 2 feet past the bouncer because it was so ridiculously packed.  What a waste of money...Word of advice - if you don't have table service, it's not really even worth coming here.P.S.  I forgot to mention that the visual effects (lights, CO2, sound) - all impeccably well balanced and thought of.  Definitely tops Hakkasan for sure.
5	I've been to Marquee for 5 times in 2.5 years and it's still my favorite club in Vegas. Marquee is my type of club. Hip Hop (downstairs) and EDM (main floor) music in separated rooms and playing real good music. The downside is that Hip Hop room was way too small, even the music was killing it and there were still a bunch of guys standing in the dance floor, holding their drinks and NOT DANCING. MOVE, PLEASE. There's a reason for the area called "Dance Floor", it's not "Stand Floor". It was super crowded every time we tried to squeeze into the dance floor. The past Saturday we got there very early and got a nice space dancing, but soon it was packed as usual. Even it's packed but I still love it.I was in the main floor (where the world-famous DJs performing) couple times and after a certain hour, you just can't make it into the dance floor. I saw people gave $$ to the security and made their way in. Last Saturday, we were able to get in from the right side to see Kaskade. People come and go, you just need to make your way into the dance floor and that's all. Cool effects, sexy dancers and the smoke thing made the audience scream.What I love about Marquee is that there is a huge open space at the pool area, and you can still see the DJ from the monitors. Bars are everywhere but I found it hard to get your drinks since all the bartenders are very busy. I visited here 5 times and still love it. I've been here in March, July, September. July is the most packed month if you are thinking to come here. Lots and lots of people and almost no where to stand or sit. March is a bit too chilly but September is perfect. Kaskade was playing last Saturday and it was super packed. It was probably the first time ever I experienced the full crowd. If you don't like to dance in the packed crowded (I mean, who does anyway), try to avoid holiday weekends.In Vegas, girls usually don't need to pay for covers as long as you found the right promoter :) I've never paid for getting into the club. The drinks were expensive. $20 for a Redbull Vodka, yikes. The crowd was awesome every time I visited. Very descent crowd I would say. I met a guy who claims he is Ryan Reynolds' cousin, they looked alike, he was like Ryan Reynods with beard. I didn't believe him anyway haha. Packed crowd, expensive drinks, guys standing in the dance floor and not dancing at all... yeah lots of cons but WHO CARES. I LOVE MARQUEE. The best night club in Vegas for sure. By the way, I visit on Saturdays and it never let me down.
2	Came here on a Saturday night thinking I was going to enjoy , as Kaskade was playing . Bought tickets online and the line for people with tickets was ridiculous we waited and waited and waited to get in. By the time I was at the door to get in it was a hour and 30min later by that time I knew the club was packed and sure enough we walk in the dance floor is CLOSED!! NO Tables!! So why let people in if you're at capacity and security kept on people to move along move along , ok? Move where?! The club is so small! They kept letting people in but with nowhere to go . Aside from that the dance floor is pretty small . And When we walked in we had to go down what looked like alley stairs to get inside the club smh that's horrible . The little I was able to see of Kaskade he was great
1	The vibe was more like Snoopy's Soak City than a Vegas day club.The music is good but they encourage splashing and horseplay. Might be fun for some but I personally prefer day clubs to be... well, more like a club. Also wasn't digging my eyes stinging from huge dudes splashing the entire pool.You're only allowed entry if fully and properly clothed. We were denied twice, first because I was in only a swim suit, and then because my boyfriend was wearing slippers. Of course we proceeded to strip down after entering anyway.
2	Quite a charade. A+ atmosphere w D- attitude. This place takes the 'club cool' to a new level. F this game - go to nine fine Irishmen, twice the fun, half the price, and none of the shenanigans of Marquee.
4	Don't blame the club for you not having a good time. Chances are you aren't doing it right if you have a bad time.-1 star for the stairs. I don't even wear heels and that sucks. I've been to the summit of kilimanjaro so if I'm complaining about the stairs that's gotta mean something.OK I lied.
2	Way too crowded and loud. The bouncers were super rude. 2 stars for having a great location. I think this club could be great if they limited the number of guests more.
2	Went for a Bachelorette party and it was too stuck up and not really a dance club. The elevators "did not go down" per the doorman so our exit was down 4 flights of stairs in heels! Not a good time.
2	It was a good night club, great music, and pretty good vibe but all that was overshadowed by how crowded it was!! There were people arguing with eachother, on two different occasions, after people pushed eachother! I don't think I would go back because of that and even though there were two dance floors it still didn't allow space for everyone ....
3	Review for the day club.  First and foremost, make sure you call and make reservations for day beds in advance.  If you try to do it at the door, you will most certainly run into a higher table minimum.  We did it at the door, 3 of us with a minimum of 1000, the table next to us did it in advance, 5 of them with a 500 minimum.    If u end up not getting ur own area, then general admission is only 30 bux, but u end up being a douche just standing around, or in the over crowded pool.One you arrive, the waitress is very nice and accommodating, taking ur initial order.  Then they come back with whatever u got and your minimum bill with tax and tip already added for you to sign.  You can imagine since tip is already added, and you have signed, that service will suck after.  You're right!  The waitress afterwards is literally no where to be found.   We asked 10 different people for things over the course of our time there, service was horrendous. The music is pretty amazing.  The people look great and are very friendly, probably bc everyone is dancing and drinking.  The pool gets totally packed.  The water looked NASTY, it had a cloudy appearance to it that made it look very unsanitary.  It is a fun party, just remember, book in advance and expect the worst service of your life.  The good music and the fun good looking ppl make up for all the bad.
4	This is a go to for me. I missed Marquee my last visit and I regret it. Dayclub is my fave. It's small but always has a good feel. It's a bit exclusive as most Vegas clubs would be so show up with some sexy people or extra tips to get in. They usually have the entrance fenced and you gotta approach security because they will act like they don't see you. Nightclub is pretty cool too. Stairs suck when all floors are open but the variety is well worth it. I've had nothing but good times in this place! It's in the Cosmo so no surprise that it's beautiful!
3	Great club but having Darren at the elevator cuss and yell because he wouldn't let me on the elevator with my friends is a mood killer. I've worked in the industry for years and have never seen such unnecessary hostility.
1	G
5	This place is dope. Bartender Julie made a custom cocktail for my wife which was a tequila/St. Germain drink. The music was fantastic, great service, fun nightlife atmosphere in an awesome club.
1	Watch out for the bouncers. Not at all safe for girls. They are more thirsty than other guys in the club and would take any chance to stare, grab or grope the girls. They are probably under the impression of being some kind of vigilante police force. You can find plenty of stories in other reviews although interestingly most of the 5 star reviews here are by the staff/promoters of the club. I don't expect a promoter to promote by writing bad reviews of the club. Despite being multi floor and covering a lot of area the club's main dance floor has only space for about 50 people at a time and security guys won't let you stand anywhere but that doesn't stop the management to keep letting people in. Another advise, don't let the security get away by forcefully searching you without your consent or take you any back room. You can claim wrongful imprisonment, wrongful search without warrant/authority and you can bring a civil case against them.
3	We were less than welcomed at the door. The security guard was extremely disrespectful. We would not have gone in if our birthday bud didn't insist.
3	Marquee nightclub is located in the best location with the greatest views. We went on Halloween weekend and didn't have to wait too long. Drinks are average ... $14 for ciroc + cranberry.Ps. There's no ciroc peach in the city :(However, the music wasn't my cup of tea. I was excited over the rave reviews about their "hip hop" room but it wasn't what I expected. The DJ was spinning young joc & lil Jon tracks and then jumped into music from the bay. Maybe, it's because I'm from NY and I'm use to hearing relevant music.But regardless it's a dope spot. It's huge, it's beautiful, the people are nice.3 stars.
5	Went here on Aug 3 for my bday for my bday to see Kaskade. We had pre-purchased our tickets so we went right in and avoided the massive crowd outside. Professional and friendly staff. Great setting and atmosphere and views. I would highly recommend this place of you want to party or celebrate your bday.
3	Gah, the night club is alright.  got in for free due to our hookups with promoters at TAO.came here on a friday night, there were some non-EDMish hip-hop-like beats with no words on the outsidewhen the DJ comes they close the outside and every crowds on the inside where its just blasting bass and everyone is standing there fist pumping.  prepare to have your eardrums blown outthere are tons of asian uncles and sweaty curly haired guys here, prepare to get creeped on and have drinks spilled all over your feetwear platforms because all the confetti piles up and gets mixed with alcohol and grime and stick to your feet if you are wearing some open toed shoesdefinitely liked Tao better
4	I visited Marquee recently and was surprised by the amazing format. The layout of the venue itself is amazing. The best part is having both the indoor and outdoor section of the club making things different than most clubs in Vegas. Overall This venue is a must see as they throw a great party.
1	I'm paying $620 for my room for the night and they charge $20 per person extra to go to this pool. We paid to see that it was all about and it was so not worth it. In fact we walked out after 10 minutes and asked for our $60 cover charge back. Then had to wait another 20 mins to get our money back. They make you go through about 4 sets of security more than the airport. Each one had a ruder staff member who seemed to have his owe person rules in getting in. The last one was trying to tell me that I could not bring my purse in. Then finally acted as if he was doing me a huge favor by letting me bring my purse. When we finally got to the pool after about 30 mins of bs, we found out that if we wanted a place to sit we had to pay extra money as all seats are reserved so we were told that we had to sit on the 100 degree concrete. At that point we walked out.
1	They fill this place in past max capacity where it literally is like walking on top of another person just to get anywhere. Even to get back in from outside you have to wait in another line because they have to wait for people to exit first. These people need to be more about customer service instead of money hungry thieves.
5	MY FAVORITE night club in Las Vegas! I have only been at night (a few times), so I have nothing to speak to regarding the day club except for that fact that it has to be just as awesome, if not more awesome (since you can swim). They don't allow you to get near the pools when it is a nightclub, so don't try or else you'll get thrown out (have seen this happen). If you have a suite in The Cosmo, your balcony will lead straight to this club.Marquee is located in The Cosmo (Cosmopolitan) and right in the center of the strip (next to Bellagio and the Monte Carlo). Great location! This place is SO BIG and has MANY LEVELS/AREAS, but despite this fact, it is always busy. Busy in the GOOD WAY. Not busy to where you can't move without touching someone. (Ew!)Great DJs, awesome music, fun atmosphere, variety of levels/areas to appeal to many tastes, plenty of bars, and all the good stuff. There is a bar called The Library, on the bottom floor. It's more quite there and intimate so if you don't really like clubs but your friends do, this is a good place to retire to. It's a bar inside a club, as I said appeals to all tastes.My girls and I got in for free because I know a host and had open bar for an hour. BUT I have known people to have trouble getting in. When we leave, there is usually still a line of people trying to get in. For guys, I know you have a better chance of getting in if you have a bunch of girls with you. But this is true of every where else in Vegas.
2	We were on the guestlist for Kaskade so we got in free. I've been to a lot of the clubs on the strip and thought this one was poorly designed and small. We had to climb quite a few flights of stairs through the fire escape stairwell which was not fun in our six inch heels. You enter in and have to walk through a small walkway in the shape of a half moon. When you get to the middle you're able to exit into a bigger area that lets out to the pool where the day club takes place. When the club gets packed it's a traffic control nightmare. You literally have to push your way through a cramped crowd to get in, out or around to get to the bar, bathrooms, or exit. If you're claustrophobic don't even think of going here.     I didn't enjoy the opening DJ's set and that put me off for Kaskade. DJ Lema stuck with the same B.P.M's his whole set which I found boring. I've been to every Insomniac event and listen to countless EDM  podcasts and found his set to lack creative transitions and sampling/mixing. Even with the awesome screens and visuals it did nothing for me. At one point I thought they changed D.J's because I saw no one managing the laptop or mixing for a good three minutes which lead me to believe his set was pre-recorded.     The club itself reminded me of a mini-scale version of XS and I left the main room to go elsewhere before Kaskade came on. On the way out we found the hip-hop room and wish we'd went there first because it was a good time but super crowded. My suggestion is to find the hip-hop room first before hitting the main floor.
5	It has been nothing but a pleasure working with CJ Hilbert. I booked through him for a girls weekend back in July, but I'm coming back this weekend for my birthday and I have a dosage of dudes in the group. So many promoters get upset or nasty when you bring guys to Vegas, since it's an inconvenience to them. CJ has been so incredibly professional and accommodating throughout the entire process. I sent him an itinerary of what I'd love to do for my birthday weekend, which of course includes all the top day and night clubs, and he didn't even flinch. He is able to make magic happen! He is super communicative which I know is hard as he has a strong following. Thank you CJ for all of your help. I don't think I'll ever book with anyone else.
5	Best club I've been to in Vegas---probably the best I've been to EVER.Hip hop room is small but they play some good oldies (rap/hiphop) that I never knew I missed so much.Their light installation in the EDM room is AMAZING. Notes:* Large outdoor area WITH gambling tables (wahhhhhttt?????)* EDM room lights are mesmerizing* Drinks are expensive, but where is it not in vegas?* Bring folding flats. Thank me later.
2	If you're looking for a Jersey Shore douche party featuring DJ Suck, then this is your joint. But that's just your typical day club atmosphere and not why I rated this pool so low.First of all, this place is FILTHY. We walked in and the whole place smelled like urine and drunken desperation. We had a cabana and the little carpet inside was sticky under our feet. The daybed attached to our cabana was lined with towels but they were all stanky and full of questionable stains. Like, seriously? A $1500 cabana and the staff can't change the towels on the day bed? And I cannot convey enough how disgusting the pool was. The water was thick and soupy with random floating debris and hair floating everywhere. It looked like it hadn't been properly cleaned in a month. I stepped in up to my shins and it was at that point I decided that fully submerging in that sewer water would surely result in a staph infection or pregnancy. I got out and had long ass hair stuck to my foot. I was, and still am, totally grossed out.The food we ordered was very good but the staff wasn't super attentive. Again, for a$1500 cabana with auto grat, the service should have been stellar. It was getting to the point where I wanted to put a little bell around my server's neck. Seriously. When I dress up, wait in line, deal with the cockbag doormen, and pay a million dollars for food and drinks, I expect a clean cabana, attentive service and pool water that isn't an eleven on a scale of 1 to Erin Brockovich.
1	I have one word. One word to warn you with. One word to make you understand the dilemma. STAIRS!!!!! What in the mind fu@k of Vegas was someone thinking when they built this?!? Never Have I never had to climb 6 flights of stairs to reach the dance floor. Never have I ever had to almost kill myself while wearing (might i add super cute) stiletto heels walking metal staircases!!! METAL STAIRCASES. NOT ONE. BUT LIKE 60!!!! Who decided that a labyrinth of Stairs was a fabulous idea with thousands of drunken Vegas patrons!!! Never ever will I ever go back to this monstrosity.
1	I came here with a couple of "race" friends. I asked the guys letting us in what the waiting about 20 minutes in the front of the line problem was. They said we are trying to figure it out... I asked them multiple times what the problem was ...and they said we are trying to figure it out..... I will never go to Marquee again...They let multiple white girls in front of us.... They never let us in and I am a beautiful white woman with a couple of african-American friends. They definitely thought we were up to something.... Because of my friends' race. I am not happy and I will always talk shit on this place. I will never go here ever again .... I talked to the cops right next to the class... And they said they have the right to refuse anybody. WOW!!! Never go to COSMOPOLITAN.
1	If you want to get screwed over make a reservation with "TAVO". I have been to most of the biggest clubs in the country and never have I came across someone so unprofessional. Booked a cabana 3 months in advance. Our main reason for coming to vegas. We get there by 11am to wait in a hour table reservation line. Get to the front they check my name off the list take my id comes back 20min later to say sorry we dont have your cabana anymore. The minimum that was given to you was to low. I say no problem we plan to spend 10k what can you give us. They couldt even give us a daybed outside. Worst experience ever.  Best part was the hotel gave me his contact.
4	For nightclub only: This space is huge! And be prepared to climb a numerous amount of stairs... The main stage area is very large and always a mosh when the big DJ's are in town. One for the best parts about this space is that they open up the outside area where the dayclub is. So you can meander around out there is you need some fresh air. But my favorite part is 'the library', a secret room upstairs with a private bar, seating, and a pool table! That is our designated spot every time we go to Marquee. And this year they had large screens so we could watch Kascade spin, the perfect setup! They also have gambling tables outside so there is a little bit of everything going on. But don't forget to hit up Secret Pizza when you leave! (located on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo... just follow your nose).
4	Where to start Marquee?  Let's start that it's better to get your tickets online (women $20, men $50), rather than wait in a very long line and possibly not make it in.  Now that you are in, what to do?  Well, you climb stairs of course.  I'm finding this is a theme for many of the clubs, Marquee isn't the only one....Hakkasan!!!What I did like about this club was the different rooms you can pick and choose from.  They had the main EDM room with your special guest DJ, other room has hip hop, top floor is the library room, pumping out the live EDM music, and the outside patio area with gambling dealers wearing bra tops.  Only in Vegas.Bathrooms are a little hard to find, but once you do, overall clean.  They are located outside past the gambling tables.If you enjoy going to a club, check it out.  Just be warned that we were in the wrong place at the wrong time.  While walking the main EDM floor, Kaskade decides it's time to come on, thanks Kaskade...not!  We got swarmed by tons of people.  I couldn't move or breath, I was on the verge of passing out.  Try to stay away from the middle when the main talent goes on.  We didn't know???  Never again.  Once we were able to crawl our way out of that, I enjoyed the club so much more.
1	We waited in line for 2 hours even though we had a table reserved.  Need I say more?
3	We went to Marquee both at night and for the day party. Both times we were on the guest list and got to jump in front of the line. They have great music blasting and so many people. This is the place to be if you want to be seen. Be aware that for the pool party you cannot bring anything in with you unless you have a cabana. You rent lockers downstairs for $20 and even have to leave your purse there. They do have towels provided for you so we just carried our credit cards and sunscreen in with us. It didn't make for a fun start, neither did the 20 minute line to get a drink. I get that this is Vegas, but I've done other pool parties and been treated better.
3	Marquee disappointed me a little on my most recent visit. I've now been to Marquee nightclub three times. The security irritated me - asking me to move a couple of times for no apparent reason. The DJ on a Monday (08/25/14) was solid. I thought there were a couple of really long pauses in the music that needed to be tightened up. ...Despite being on a guest-list with text confirming such, there was confusion about which line I was to be in. One host took me out of line and placed me outside the roped off area and asked me to try to get the attention of a very busy fellow host. I was passed from three different hosts before being taken care of. I did not feel like a "guest".
4	Marquee is my second favorite club in Vegas. There really aren't many downsides to this club, Marquee has all the things you would expect from a club.Getting to Marquee proved a little confusing because the club entrance isn't located on the first floor like most other clubs. However, on your way up to Marquee, you get to see all the pretty decorations the Cosmo has to offer. You can even stop to take a photo by the dangling crystal light fixtures. When we arrived to the club, we were directed to to the guestlist line. Another plus is how quickly the security guards let you into the club if you are on the guestlist, unlike Hakkasan, who made us wait an hour to get inside.Once inside, you take an elevator up to the main floor where the headliner DJ begins to perform around 1:00 - 1:30 AM. From here you can either continue to the back of the club which leads to the outside rooftop area or down the stairs to the hip-hop floor. The hip-hop floor is small themed. It has a small bar and a good sound system, but a terribly small dance floor. There are also a few small tables surrounding the floor.As for the outside pool area, it is pretty relaxed because it is not as packed and stuffy compared to being inside any club in general. The outside has pretty palm trees and a great rooftop view of the Vegas lights and buildings. This is also where their day club occurs. There is another DJ here so the cabanas and tables outside have music. The main dance floor is not terribly small, but it is not big either. When it gets packed (around 1 AM, sometimes maybe earlier) they do not allow you on the dance floor. I walked over to a side entrance and just made my way to the dance floor anyways.Overall, Marquee is a great club with three musically different areas. They have great views and they offer areas to sit for anyone suffering from sore feet. And their security aren't pushy like those at Hakkasan. I love the light sticks they have and the DJs they have here as well! The only thing that this club could do differently is the location of their bathrooms, one is located outside near the pool area and the another is outside on the hip-hop floor. It is a journey to get to one of these bathrooms from the main dance floor.
3	I've been to Marquee 3 times.  Each time, I had hopes it would top the previous one.  Marquee does attract famous Djs every weekend.  Best advice is to get your ticket online and come here early as with any other major club in Vegas.  If not, you could give a bouncer some cash.  My friend and I thought we were out of luck with no online ticket, no guestlist, and not staying at Cosmo.  But the bouncer casually asked us to give him cash and we would get in without issue.  AND it worked! Two dance floors.  The major one is for EDM and the smaller one is for hip pop.  Both are nearly impossible to move around when packed.  The outside pool area is pretty nice but once its crowded, it's not so fun.  The visuals and the effects at the main dance floor is pretty nuts.  Now the layout of the venue is top floor pool and main EDM stage and then lower floor is the smaller hip pop room and a secluded bar.  Pretty simple right?  Add in a little Jack Daniels, or Grey Goose and now you are in a maze.  Cost of drinks?  $$$$ The same as XS, or Hakkasan.  If you are coming for your favorite DJ, yeah come to Marquee.  I'm more interested in a large spaced venue with a good crowd.  I might have to bump Hakkasan up a star due to this review.
5	Awesome vibe .. Brian tick is the promoter you want to get a hold of !!! He will make sure u have a great experience and he has great advice !!!! Thanks brain Tickes
4	I haven't been here for the day club but I've been here twice for the night club. This is one of my favorite clubs in Vegas and should be on everyone's Vegas clubbing line-up.Getting into Marquee was confusing. They have about 6 flights of stairs and for us girls in heels, this was a huge no-no. There is an elevator in here... but I have no idea where the elevator started because it was no where near the entrance. There are three rooms and an outside pool lounge. I've only been to the pool lounge and the EDM room but they were both super fun and the music was great. The dance floor is big and they book big name artists. I saw Kaskade and Armin Van Buuren here. Love the atmosphere and the decor, and the servers/people who work here are very accommodating and nice. Overall, there is no way you wouldn't have fun here. But if you're a girl, bring some flats or something because those stairs are killer!
1	Ok, where do I start?Who designed this place? The main dance floor is the size of an average 1bd apartment. Then you have several tables around, but you cannot touch them, even if you are PUSHED into them (what happens really often, since 50 people can make that dance floor crowded). EXTREMELY RUDE STAFF (except to the nice girl at the bar outside). The security guy decided to move those lines that separate the dance floor from the tables CLOSER to the crowd, even though there was a WALL right BEHIND IT and - of course - the crowd would push the damn thing back into the wall anyway. WHAT IS THE POINT OF PUSHING EVERYBODY AGAINST EACH OTHER IN ORDER TO HAVE ONE FOOT OF ROOM TO NOBODY? I see many people here complaining about stairs... This is a one star review and I even took the elevator up. It's further ahead from the entrance that says Marquee in front of the bar in the main floor.The crowd was so bad, pushing around, rubbing their dicks into girls when we would be pushed to each other like sardines.But then it comes the worst part...At 3 in the morning they closed a part of the outside. Then at 3:15 they started pushing everybody towards the inside because, apparently "they need to get people pumping inside" HOW? THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO ROOM THERE. Ok... Then we decided to stay right next to the outside bar, just to find out that if we wanted to go to the restrooms, we would have to stay inside.Terrible TERRIBLE experience. Make yourselves a favor and go to LIFE, at SLS, where you actually have SPACE to dance.
3	I've been to Marquee several times.  Every time I leave, I get the same feeling. It was alright. Marquee is often packed. Both, the EDM main stage and the hiphop small stage down stairs are jammed packed. The lights and stage are decent, but nothing special. There's a floor with pool tables and lounges, but its reserved for VIP. Stairs. Flights of stairs everywhere. Its just that's what it is.
1	I was violated and abused by security at this club. They dumped all of my things in the pool.  They took my hearing device so I could not hear them and refused to let me have it back. They then arrested me for trespassing even though I couldnt comply with what they were asking from me because I could not hear them. No matter times I pleaded for my hearing device so a I could hear a reason for why I was being held in the office with handcuffs but they refused. I was treated very unfairly and will be getting a lawyer. I have several marks on me and I really hope I can put a stop to the way the security treats there customers.
1	Don't. Waste. Your. Time. (or your money)The staff is friendly and all, but it's Vegas.  That much is to be expected.  Sadly, the Cosmopolitan's "toptional" pool fails to live up to any other expectation you might have.  Toptional is their word... it basically means that female guests can take off their tops, but only while they stay confined to their daybeds.  They waited until my wife went for a dip in the pool before explaining the restrictions, she was not amused.  Despite the younger crowd, this is a boring place where you can go if you want to pay for the privilege of sitting down.  ALL the seating comes with a steep food and drink minimum, no matter how dead it is.  You won't have trouble meeting the minimum, though, thanks to the watery and expensive drinks. They almost earned a second star because some of the food is actually pretty good (and their kitchen stays open a little later than the other pool's), the music is nice, and the layout has a lot of potential if you bring a big group top liven it up.  And it is a nice place to take a nap once your do order a few drinks.   But I was hoping for something much livelier, and I was hoping that Vegas' initial lunges for my wallet would be a little more subtle than this, so no.
2	Ok,so first trip to Vegas AND it's our honeymoon! I wanted to live it up and get good taste of the Vegas experience! Who knew Vegas was so conservative! My husband and I came to Marquee specifically for the "toptional" aspect. I don't get a chance to go topless often, so this was a major draw. When we got there we were told that unless we wanted to sit at the bar we would have to pay a food and beverage minimum, $100 for 2 chairs up to $1000 for a cabana complete with it's own infinity pool. Since we planned on spending the day there, we opted for 2 chairs. Most pitchers of mixed drinks were $75, (up to $150) steep but good. I have to say if you're going to do that, the Margarita is the most potent, choose wisely :)The day we went was a Tuesday, so no cover, which was nice, but not many people were there. My top was the only one off all day, and I was only allowed to stay that way on my daybed. I had to put it back on to get in the pool or go to the bar...Overall, have to say waitstaff was pretty cool, drinks were good, but I really don't understand why I need to wear a top to get in the water, sorry.
1	I wish I can give this place a zero star. Marquee night club-HORRIBLEOur group with 7 girls went there with a group of guys who reserved a table on 8/30 night. The door did not let us get in with the boys. The entrance fee was double that night from $20 to $40. So we all paid $40 to go in to have a good time. But when we got in, there were way too many people. We literally had to push people to walk. The security was mean and just kept yelling at us to "keep moving" when you did not know where to move to. Because it was too crowded, I decided to leave earlier. Then there were five-level of stairs that you have to climb to get out. I took off my heels because it's too painful. It's like you were going to limbo with endless stairs. I finally got to the ground level then I got yelled at the door by a guy to ask me to wear my shoes. EXCUSE ME! I was about to walk out from this place. Why you are yelling at me??? Overall experience: over pricy, SUPER RUDE staff and security, way too crowdedMarquee day club: RUDE STAFFMy girlfriends got VIP passes so we decided to give marquee day club another try the next day on 8/31 because some girls heard good things. Most of my friends went around noon and got in with VIP passes. Me and another friend went later and arrived the door around 3:05 pm. We asked the door if we can get in with the VIP passes. The door guy went to talk to a bald guy who seems was the guy who was in charge the door. He then told us that the VIP pass was only good until 3 pm. We tried to tell them that we have 5 girlfriends were inside and we came here bc of the passes. We also asked him where it said on the pass that the entrance was only good till 3 pm bc i could not find it anywhere. The bald guy then said the pass actually ended at 2 pm instead of 3 pm. At this point, we were super confused. He then told us it is only $20 to get in and asked us to pay. He yelled at us saying "it's only $20. You cannot even pay $20. It is very cheap" The bald guy was super RUDE and OUTRAGEOUS. Well! It's not about the money. that guy ruined our mood so we did not even want to go to this place anymore. We left the door to gamble. Overall experience: SUPER RUDE and SNOBBISH staff at the door!!!!
3	Labor Day Weekend 14' Marquee Nightclub: (2 stars) Music: Armin was the DJ of the night and since I am a huge fan of Armin there are no complaints on this aspect!Attendees:  In the words of Magic, Why do you gotta be so RUDE?!!!!The nightclub was full of rude & inconsiderate people on Sunday night!  I was literally stuck in the front of the stage for more than 2 hours because no one would let me get out. I am not one to resort to violence but seriously people need to just calm down and move aside for people! I had a friend that went on Saturday for Kaskade and she said that it was just as bad if not worse! People need to remember that we are all there for the same reasons and that is to have fun and enjoy the music, so I hope people can learn to be more courteous!Security: Thank you for pulling me out of the crowd when no one would let me through & thanks for saving me from the creep that was harassing me !Marquee Dayclub: ( 5 stars)Music: I really like Tritional's singles, but this was my first time ever seeing Tritional live and I thought they were really good. Although they are not as big as Kaskade and Armin they still managed to put on a good show!Drinks: It was open bar for ladies so I took full advantage of it! Although all drinks were free from 1-2pm on Labor Day, remember to be courteous and tip the bartenders it just feels like the right thing to do. Security: Clumsy me managed to lose my wallet, but the head of security conducted everything in a professional manner and  eventually everything worked out because a kind soul turned in my wallet ! Attendees: Everyone seemed to be really chill and much more enjoyable to be around in comparison to those from the night before. Final Verdict: I don't know if I would come back for nightclub ever again but dayclub is a automatic YES !
5	As this place has gotten less busy it has gotten a lot easier to get in. They put on a dang good party. Now the problem is that their just aren't enough people coming here so it isn't quite as packed with attractive people. But there are still a goodly amount!
3	** REVIEW FOR "Marquee Dayclub" ONLY **(3.5 stars)My cousins and I came by on a Friday at around 11:30 p.m. When we arrived, it wasn't terribly crowded. The house DJ playing that day stuck to EDM, but had a bit of variety here and there.Venue itself isn't entirely large. I really wish they had more seating/standing space, especially more space for dancing. I'd highly suggest grabbing a table if you can.Bartenders are accommodating. Wished they could mix their frozen drinks a bit better.Prices for drinks are typical, ranging a bit above $15. However, they give free, cold water. That's a winner in my book!Overall, it was a cool pool party. I just wished this venue was a bit bigger.
2	2.5 went a weekend with friends that go to vegas..and since they stayed at the cosmo they wanted to go so i figured I wont fight them (i go to vegas a lot) and let them see for themselves(nightclub)Highs-the music is goodLows-overcrowded as hell1500 for a table which you can get a better deal at other clubsits not a bad club by any means nothing too great and nothing too bad  but I prefer Tao, The Bank etc
3	This is a good club.It's huge, with an inside, and an outside (both very big) and a few other rooms (only open on busy nights) and you get a really great view of the strip from certain parts. The music inside is EDM and the music outside is top 40's and hip hop. So there is something for everyone. Girls on the guest list get open bar. One complaint would be how packed it gets inside and how they don't allow you to stand in certain parts because of how much they pack the club. I also HATE THE EXIT-- They make you walk down about 7 flights of stairs. Picture this, groups of DRUNK girls, in Vegas, in HIGH HEELS, walking down 7 metal flights of stairs after a night of drinking and dancing. That is just MEAN. I really don't get why Marquee makes girls do this... Install some exit elevators like EVERY OTHER rooftop club in Vegas. So weird. Basically cruel. So if you decide to check out Marquee.... Bring some extra flats in your purse for exiting the club..
3	This club went downhill from the first time I went in 2012.  Overcrowded to the point you're constantly shoulder checked by someone, which in turn, gets you insanely hostile.  Forget about dancing since you'll never get into the dance floor past 12 AM because it's closed off.  Dare I say that it's about as good as Hakkasan and I reaaaaalllly despise that club.
3	One of the better dayclub options. Just don't go in the pool as our group of 5 all got sick the next day. And avoid the bottle rats. Pour them drinks without alcohol. I find it entertaining to watch them think they are getting drunk without alcohol.
1	The bouncer in charge at 1:30am was really discriminating on who will go in and who will be turned away. Horrible experience especially for POC.
4	I love this night club!! One of my favorite anywhere, but especially in Las Vegas!!Has an indoor and outdoor area with DJs. Marquee always brings in great DJs and performers. The dance area is always monitored and even though there are lots of people, you don't get crushed like at other clubs.Drinks are crazy expensive though...but where aren't they on the strip? Overall, just a really great club with several levels.
4	ONE WORD PROMOTOR! Message me for a promoter guys! They HOOK you up with everything, FREE GUEST-LIST for GUYS & GIRLS on a Saturday night on 9/6/14 to see KEVIN HART? Don't mind if we DO! 3 girls & 3 guys come before 12AM and there will be a short line and easy access to the club. Come after that and except a LONG LONG wait to get in the club. The club was pretty big compare to other clubs in vegas. The floor was jam packed, the DJ that night was Eric Dlux and hosted by Kevin Hart. There was an outside area too! Good if you wanted some fresh air! Though I suggest staying inside because that were the good DJs at! Plus they blast you with this air thingy you might not be able to see things for a couple a second and they're not cheap with those damn confetti! They hit you with that shit a couple of time LOL. Security was okay, they weren't so tight on it like checking your purse or patting you down, which is good. AMAZING view outside, great pools! Cons: FUHHHing took forever to get on those damn elevator, you have to wait in line to get in the line to get in the elevator to get up to the club. GROSS.... they try to fit so many people inside one elevator LOL & the worse part is everyone has to go down using stairs! Guys are whatever about it but GIRLS we wear friggin HIGH HEELS, trying to hurt our feet even more ahahahaha and while buzzed? No-No-No. I suggest you take off your heels or bring flats.
5	BRIAN TICKETS! Brian was such a huge part of my weekend. He's a promoter for the marquee and can also have you put on for other guest lists. I was more than accommodated and got in free to every place I wanted. He was great at communicating with me and responds quickly! The club itself is great as well! They cater to different kinds of music lovers ! A must visit while here in Vegas !
4	Nice venue , spacious and has a couple different rooms to meet your musical needs. Suggest getting bottle service here to make sure you have somewhere to sit since this place gets packed. The venue although pricey is money  well spent in comparison to some other popular venues in the city.
5	Ok so just for starters I am now 40 years old and a little removed from my nightclub days.  However my host got me into this place (I gamble a lot) so I sort of skipped the line and went in to this table service area where we had bottle service.  I loved the experience.  The DJ's were very energetic and played very good music all night.  When they bring out the champagne it is like a circus show with minor fireworks and girls dancing on top of a guy (just order a bottle of Dom and you will see).  Very good looking crowd.  I had a good time and would go back and have the table service.
5	If You Can Get On A Guestlist I Would Suggest That, If Not You Will Have To Pay. But I Went To The Marquee Day Club On Sunday 9/21/14 And Had An Awesome Time The DJ Set Was Great And The People Are Good looking And Fun...The Drinks Are Pretty Pricey, The Girl At The Bar Was A Bit Rude But Ill Let That Slide She Seemed A Little Busy And Irritated. All In All It Was A lot Of Fun. I Also Went To The Nightclub On Monday 9/22/14 And I Think That Was The Best, It Does Get Super Crowded But You Can Also Go Outside To The Pool Area, We Met Some Really Cool People And Got To Hang Out At Their Table And Have Some Drinks Everyone Was Friendly, Marquee is Deff The Hottest Club I Have Been Too And So Far My New Favorite. I Still Wanna Try Hakkassan Though So We Will See.
4	Benny Benassi was awesome over Labor Day weekend.....Wear good shoes......u will be standing all night.
4	The energetic, off-the-wall, and endlessly entertaining environment at Marquee Dayclub may have just been the most fun I've ever had between the hours of 11 AM - 5 PM: My girlfriend and I had Double Date wristbands for Kaskade's Summer Lovin' series - meaning that we had access to both the Dayclub and the Nightclub within the span of the same day. We really just can't get enough of Kaskade. The first of the two shows took place at Marquee Dayclub, where we had no problems at all as far as finding the correct line to check-in and claim our wristbands at. The girl who put our wristbands on even went so far as to cheerfully make sure that they weren't too tight on us - a gesture of kindness that I don't witness too often in the clubbing scene.I've learned some handy tips for those not familiar with Marquee Dayclub: - I'd advise getting to Marquee Dayclub early - that's your best bet for getting a pool towel to use. That towel, in turn, will allow you to stake your claim somewhere near the pool area (assuming you don't have a chair/cabana on deck, of course). We had little trouble getting a great spot near the main Dayclub pool, being that we arrived at around 12:30 PM or so. This being said, we may have arrived at this day party a bit too early - Kaskade didnt come on until almost three-and-a-half hours after we arrived (although Amtrac had the party rocking all day long!).- Free water is provided for on both sides of the bar towards the back of the venue, behind the DJ decks. It's got hints of cucumber and is consistently nice and chilled (and never empty), so you've simply got no excuse for paying for bottles of Voss water other than for the sake of looking bougey. - There are blackjack tables at the ready, all prepped to take advantage of drunken passerby. My advice - don't be that guy. I didn't see a single soul walk away from that table with any look on his face (only the fellas bought the bait) other than that of complete and utter defeat. One rather sketchy transaction took place after the lady and I bought a Daiquiri from the bar stationed at the back of the Dayclub. My girlfriend paid with a $100 bill, and it was a good thing I went through the trouble of counting our change back - our bartender shorted us on change by twenty bucks! You would think that it's a common practice for someone working in food/beverage service to count cash back for a customer (especially with larger denominations), but this server made no effort at all to do so. Of course, after her mistake was identified, our bikini-clad bartender was happy to correct things ("Oh, I'm so sorry, sweetie!"), but I was still suspicious. Frankly, I wouldn't have been surprised if she would've contested this claim, had we not caught it right then and there. On the flip side of things, the overall vibe of Marquee Dayclub is laidback, sexy, and irresistibly fun. For me, dayclubbing doesn't exude as much of a pretentious sort of vibe as nightclubbing does, and this was certainly echoed at Marquee. From the group of Asian girls proudly parading around with a massive Kaskade cutout head (which they were repeatedly lending out to other groups of attendees for photo ops!), to the group of gay guys that couldn't stop complimenting my girlfriend and I on how great we looked with one another, the place was filled with folks who just wanted to have fun and take in the experience of a complete departure from the real world. Coolest of all were the lucky partiers who had booked VIP cabanas that day; in addition to spraying the crowd with bottle upon bottle of Cliquot (we're talking like a college tuition's worth in champagne here, folks), the dayclubbers in one premium cabana kept providing my girl and I with free Heinekens - all in all, I must have anywhere from $30-40 thanks to their generosity! I felt like I was on the set of an episode of "Entourage," or something to that effect. Needless to say, the crowd at Marquee Dayclub made the "Summer Lovin'" feeling seem all the more real for us. Speaking of, Kaskade himself delivered a set that was perfectly geared for a hot Las Vegas day. While it wasn't as diverse as his Marquee Nightclub set later that night (review coming soon!), I nonetheless enjoyed his mix of melodic build-ups and electro house breakdowns. Per usual, everyone's favorite funky Mormon DJ exceeded expectations. Needless to say, Marquee Dayclub was a bit of a departure of the norm for me. The Dayclub bug has bitten me, and I'm downright addicted.  (After a quick power nap, and with hangovers still in tow, my girlfriend and I made our way to Marquee Nightclub later that evening...but it looks like I'll just have to fill you all in on that next time!)
1	If I can give this place a zero, I would. Completely overrated, and the crew running the front were just plain rude. Not worth the time or money.
1	So apparently my own real ID doesn't look like me. So they wouldn't let me in.  According to them they go to school for recognizing identifications. Guess they passed with an F.  Wouldn't let my 28-year-old self in on my own birthday
3	Getting into the marquee nightclub was extremely difficult and quite frankly not worth it. We stood in the line for a very long time even though we were on the guest list. Then someone made an announcement to turn the line around because we were going to enter a different way, or else we would be stuck in this guest list line for another 30 minutes. We were also warned that we had to go up a few flights of stairs. The line being 80% females in heels, we asked if we could just take our chances and wait, we were told no, so we began walking up the stairs. We didn't reach the nightclub until we had walked up 8 flights of stairs in heels. By the time we arrived, we were ready to go, our feet hurt and we were tired. We decided to stay because we didn't all that hard work to get there, it would have been silly to just leave. The drinks were okay and the music was just okay, definitely not worth the hassle.
4	Probably one of the best places if you want to go clubbing in Vegas. We went there on Saturday to see Benny Bennassi performance. Got presale male tickets (40$ each but fully worth it), so waiting in the line took no longer than 8 minutes. The venue itself is substantially big, with one dancefloor outdoors, sourrounded by jacuzzis and pools and main dancefloor inside. Before  Around 11-12 pm it got really packed, so dancing could get a bit annoying when everyone around is pushing you. Drinks are quite expensive, around 20$ for basics (gin&tonic etc), however amazing soundsystem and visualizations make up for it. We had a slight problem with credit card at VIP table, not sure if it's club fault or some other third party though. The ratio boys-girls is somewhat equal, lot of bachelor parties there;)In general, I would highly recommend going there for a tremendous night out.
4	Niiicccceeee....We went to the dayclub. Walked right through with a presale ticket. My bartender was real attentive and was gorgeous to boot. Good looking crowd.Everybody was super cool. Drinks were a tad more expensive than other Vegas places, but it's in the Cosmopolitan so you should expect to pay more. Kinda got I have a table so I'm better than you kinda vibe. One D-Bag tried to get me kicked out his section, until he realized I was walking to a friends that I knew. The security guard just nodded to me and said, "Yeah, I know." I didn't care I was half in the bag.Great times, beautiful women. I'll be back.
4	If you haven't been to Marquee, then you probably live under a rock. This is what has been the "It Spot" since Town Center opened. Although it's not my favorite club, this place has never disappointed me. About 3 years ago, I spent my 21st birthday here and had the time of my life. My latest visit was few days ago on a Friday. We got a comped table right by the dance floor which was pretty awesome. We were treated amazing by all the workers. I've never been to Marquee on a Friday and I don't think I ever want to again. That place is a total zoo! So many people. Me and my friends decided to go to the bathroom which was literally 10 feet away and got mosh pitted on our way there. Other than that we all had a great time. The drinks came flowing and the crowd didn't even matter. Must go if you're visiting Vegas!
1	BEWARE OF PICK POCKETERS!!!!!!!In terms of the club itself, I'd give it 5 stars. I loved the energy and my girls and I were having a great time partying at a table...UNTIL, we walked onto the dance floor. Within 30 seconds of standing there, 3 of the 8 of us had been pick pocketed. We were all wearing long purses that were closed and locked. The thieves managed to unlock the flap, open it and steal our phones/wallets. We reported it to the club manager and were told sorry, but that happens a lot. Seriously? That's all you could do?? Once we made our way out of the club, we saw another girl who had the same thing happen to her. Oh yea, and this was also our first night in town, so needless to say it was difficult getting around town the rest of the weekend. We were told we could come back to Marquee and not worry about having to show ID to be able to drink. Why in the world would we ever want to return somewhere like that?! Epic fail Marquee. If you know this happens frequently, how about you warn women? This type of thing happens all the time in Europe, but it's not as if we don't travel there just because it happens.
5	I went with a huge college group for a day party at the pool. We had such a blast! The pool was amazing and the cabanas were beautiful and spotless. The bathrooms were nice and clean. The waterfall and palm trees made the place feel tropical even though we were technically inside. I loved that they had a cutoff so the pool never got overcrowded. I would definitely recommend Marquee for a day of fun at the pool!
5	This review is long overdue... and is primarily for Brian Ticke!! (although the staff was cool). I came to Marquee last year with a friend during our first trip to Vegas and contacted Brian to help us get on the Guest List. He did an amazing job in ensuring things ran smoothly and they did. The music and drinks were good.2 weeks ago, I returned to Vegas with a group of co-workers and all 9 of us wanted to have a good time. I contacted Brian and he didn't disappoint.. again. I'm looking forward to the next trip!
1	Horrible.  Rudest doormen and security guards. Not verbally, but as in they will grab you, push you, knock you out of the way whenever they see fit.  I got seperated from my group and after being pushed down a lined of 5 security guards creating a human wall I was on the other side of the club and because it is such a fire hazard and over packed, it took my 45 minutes to even find them again.  Nightmare.
5	This review is for the nightclub only. I'm a little biased, because Marquee was the first nightclub I ever went to. With stars in my eyes and blisters the size of marbles on my toes, I looked around in awe at what remains, in my eyes, as one of the best nightclubs in Vegas. It has an intimate feel, with so much to look at that you'll be dazzled. There's an upper platform above the stage where dancers strut their stuff, and an upper level of tables as well. Confetti rains, world-class DJs give Saudi princes birthday shout-outs: the usual Vegas glitz and glamour. But Marquee feels classy, despite all the gritty glitter. It smells nice, for god's sake. Everything is so well-executed that you lose yourself inside Marquee until you stumble out at 5 AM, shocking a family on their way to a sunrise tour of Hoover Dam (hypothetically, of course).
5	Out of all the nightclubs I went to in Las Vegas, this was the best one. Came for their marquee Mondays (one of a few big time parties going on in Vegas on a Monday night) and it was indeed marquee. They have two rooms here: one is indoor and is more the Vegas party music completed with all the theatrics, the other room is outside by the pools and is more hip hop music (which was my favorite but I can say both of them was off the hook). Drinks here are your normal Vegas priced drinks and there is indeed beautiful people all over this place (and when I say people, I mean women in my case lol). Great music, great crowd, just great everything and the place to be on a Monday night in Vegas.
1	Same as other along the strip night clubs...expensive...long line...played nothing but house music..all nice no music that you can dance with. Overall 1 star. :(
1	AWFULL GOT SCAMMED I Don't wanna even give this club 1 star.  I frequent the club scene here in Vegas since I'm a local and have friends come into town every weekend.  My friend's sister had her 21st bday last night so wet went to Marquee which was my first time we got bottle service like i do at ALL the other clubs service was horrible there were 6 in our party we got crammed next to a party of 12 only half of us for you sit down and this is why we pay to have BOTTLE SERVICE . We went to dance and came back and half our bottle was gone were told by another party that the big group next to us helped themselves we each only got 2 drinks from our bottle. The so called security watching the tables were drinking with the party next to us.  AND THE WORST PART We WOKE UP THIS MORNING AND BOTH THE GUYS IN MY PARTY WERE CHARGED FOR The BILL WHEN THE WAITRESS WAS SUPPOSED TO SPLIT THE BILL BETWEEN THEM.  I will never go back there and will never recommend that club. I have a big following on FB AND IG  and friends always ask my opinions on clubs well not this club.
4	What a place! Loved the vibe, crowd and DJ. definitely have to give a shout out to the security guard working the 4.5 level last night for giving us gals some free and comfy sandals on our way out. What a sweetheart!
4	This club made all other clubs I have ever clubbed at look like a high school gym. It is absolutely ginormous, and the craziest thing is that it was filled to overflowing with bodies. Which basically means you better be prepared to mosh your way to a toilet.I spent most of the night on the main dance floor waiting for Porter Robinson to come on. When he started the whole place went kind of crazy. Marquee's got the whole bonanza - confetti raining down from the ceiling, mist "cannons" that cool the area and simultaneously blind you for 20 seconds, and an elevated platform above the DJ where costumed girls danced and performed.An amazing first Vegas trip. Upvote.Pro-tip: Find yourself a promoter. Ask on Facebook. Somebody you know comes to Vegas every other weekend, and they can help you out. Promoters will get you into these clubs for free when otherwise you would have to pay $20-$40 a dude. Girls are obviously free.
1	I wish I could have given 0 stars, got through told them I was army, a vet, told me to get out, obviously not vet friendly... Literally
3	Went here over 4th of July weekend to see Gareth Emery and he was amazing! The club though... eh - oddly shaped and somewhat small in my opinion.  I expected it to be a bit bigger I guess? but the music overshadows all of that.  The outside area was nice where you can get a drink and catch some air, but definitely crowded since they closed off the pool area at night. The main stage was great with the beautiful lights and platforms where dancers would come out in their elaborate costumes every now and then.  They had this awesome blast of cool air every now and then to cool you down while dancing and of course, confetti raining down every half hour.  Who doesn't love that? We were pretty close up front and got a great view and danced all night, which was awesome... but oh my goodness did it get sweaty in that little dance pit.  It wouldn't be my first choice for night, but I'd come back for the day club since the pool area looked beautiful!
5	Saw Kaskade here during Summer Lovin 2014. Great time! Had no issues getting right up to the front. Marquee can definitely get overcrowded so get there early and load up on the drinks.
4	I booked a table for 8-10 via Andrew from the Jack Colton website for Friday 11/14.  DJ Carnage was on that night and the table min was quoted at $2000 for main room out rim.  This was not my first time at Marquee but first time getting a table there.  I met Andrew at 10pm and was ushered straight in.  I met our host Bryan who walked up to our table.  It was on the outer rim kind of near the bathroom.  I thought it was ok for the price and would fit our group comfortably.  I met our server (Kenna) who took my order.  She tried to push the bigger bottle packages but I stuck with the minimum needed to reach our table min.  Then I left and gambled til about 11:30.  I brought our group back in and was ushered straight to our table.  I was pissed to find about 15 dudes in our area.  Bryan explained that we only had 1/2 the area.  I met Scott our security and he did his best to try to keep the 15 dudes on their side.  But I could tell that this was not going to work out...So I flagged Bryan and asked to be moved to the next section.  AFter about 15 mins, he got the ok and we were quickly escorted to the new table.  Kenna followed us as did Scott.  Everything was good from that point on.  My thoughts on the club...It is a decent layout.  IT got pretty damn crowded and the dance floor was def not an option.  The bathrooms were a tad far, but was not crowded.  Service was good and fast.  Music was EDM and was good if you are into that.  The crowd was decent and probably had an avg age of 25-40y/o.  Good mix of both sexes.  We were staying in Cosmo so it was nice to just walk down and then back up from the club.
3	If I have to go here, I will, but it's not my first choice as far as Vegas clubs. We were with a group of bachelorettes and it still took forever to get in because the line was so disorganized. The music was okay, the sound system in the outdoor dance floor wasn't ideal. And after dancing 3 hours and being wasted, who decided we needed to walk down 3 flights of stairs??..
4	We were recently in Vegas for the week and came here twice, on Monday and on Saturday.  Awesome club with some sick EDM music and a very nice/attractive/upscale crowd -- everyone here dresses to impress.  I would not recommend coming here on a weekend if you're looking to dance as the dance floor is not very big and you will be pushed around.  If you're into that kind of thing, that will work out well for you, otherwise, come out on Monday where it was still awesome and you won't get pushed over on the dance floor.They have an outdoor area as well so you can go out there to cool off and catch your breath from dancing.  They even had a free photobooth and we actually got some really good photos of my wife and I.  The bouncers here were really professional and helped us get in and out of the club with ease.
4	The first time I came here was horrible, and it was such a bad experience that I never wanted to come back. Left that night and went to Moon at the Palms and surprisingly had way more fun. I eventually decided to come back and was surprised that Marquee wasn't bad at all. In my opinion, I think what made it bad for me was the hip hop room. But if you stay on the main dance floor, or hang out outside it's actually pretty fun. The layout is a little bit weird, and the dance floor is kind of small, but the lasers are on point and throws a pretty cool light show :)The only downside to this place is that I always get creeped on often here. I know there are creepers at every club or bar, but for some reason, Marquee really knows how to draw in a lot of them. All in all, if i want to have a good time and a drama-free night, I'll come here. Def can't go wrong with Marquee.
4	This club makes all other clubs in New York feel like a basement party. Seriously I've been to two other Marquee night clubs and this by far has exceeded all my expectations. The music was phenomenal and the men were dressed like gentlemen. Oh by the way, I went on a Monday night and it was long line before 11pm. If this isn't an indicator on how hot this club is, then I don't know what is. The only negative is the layout. As a woman who wears 4 inch heels, walking up and down ramps/stairs is not the move. I would recommend you bring a pair of cheap flats.
3	I really wanted to like this venue - it's in such a beautiful, chic hotel and they always get such amazing, well known DJs - but it is just not the best night club in Vegas by far.  The dance floor is ssssooooo small.  Every time I have been there, they have bouncers closing off the dance floor because it is at capacity......ummmm, if I am going to a nightclub to see one of my favourite DJs spin, I am gonna want to be on that dance floor shaking my booty!  That is unacceptable in my opinion for a nightclub.  The layout is also kinda strange.  It is very small inside, and then there is a large outdoor portion with pools and cabanas.  It is fine during the summer, but during the winter, when there is no room inside and only outside standing/bar space available, it is just too cold.  Also, at one point I was outside, and the bouncer roped off the entrance to get back in to the club.  My group of friends was in eyesight, but out of ear shot, and he would not let me in, nor get their attention for me.  He said I had to walk all the way around, through throngs of drunk people in an unfamiliar environment.  I let him know that my group of friends was nearby and that I didn't want to get separated from them since I did not have a phone or money, and he wouldn't budge.  As a young girl in Vegas, I don't want to be wandering around alone in a crowded venue separated from my party....I would think the safety of their patrons should be more of a priority.
4	Came here over the weekend for a bachelor party for one of my good friends.  Pretty nice scene from the people, decor, music, and vibe for the most part!  Wish the dance floor would be a lot a bigger (probably could hold about 100-125 people it seems) to try listen to the DJs and entertainment there.  The crowd came out with their A+ game with their attire.  There's a free photobooth just outside of the nightclub where you can feel like a "Hollywood" star with advertised background and such.  Dancers were terrific popping confetti and glow sticks into the crowd.  Probably the best part was the pool....just a work of art! I would probably come here again over places like Hakkasan and such where you can have a lot of fun and can breathe haha!
3	Beautiful venue inside and outside.EDM music inside. Hip Hop outside.We came here over the weekend for Cosmic Gate. It was a great performance. We just hated the fact that it was extremely crowded in the dance floor.Of course, we expect that all Vegas clubs are more directed towards bottle service, therefore, the VIP tables took up most of the space. Its just so unfortunate that the dance floor is so tiny and compacted with people who are inconsiderate of personal space. So beware, you will be bumped and possibly hit in the head or get your foot stepped on. At least the bars aren't over crowded and it's a lot easier to buy a drink than it is at any clubs in San Diego.The outdoor part of the club outside is beautiful. Big open skies, tons of space to walk around. Plentiful of tables and pools. But it was also lame that the DJ played all the most basic hip hop songs you hear at every other regular club. They need more originality for the most part. Overall, this place is OK. I would probably come back and check out their dayclub one day.
2	Bad experience. Different treatment for different people. Inconsistent rules. Should verify policies with hotel so guests have correct expectations. Took our business elsewhere. Note to management: Looks can be deceiving.
3	Music - Awesome if you like EDM. We came here for Sander Van Doorn...he was great!Location - At the Cosmopolitan. Super convenient if you're staying at the center of the strip. We walked over from Planet Hollywood...nice easy walk. You will need to walk up several flights of stairs to actually get to the club. Good luck if you're wearing heels.Dance floor - So small!!! I was shocked by how tiny the dance floor is. I understand that these clubs are geared towards bottle service and tables, but come on. The dance floor was way too crowded and way too small. Whoever designed this place clearly wasn't thinking straight.Staff/service- The male bartender at the bar outside was great. Really nice guy. The female bartender by the elevator was very rude. The security people are kind of annoying...there was no more room on the dance floor and they didn't want anyone standing near the walkways or behind the VIP tables. So where do they expect us to go???? Bathrooms - Clean. The ladies in the women's bathroom were very attentive, always had a paper towel ready for you after you wash your hands.Drinks - Good. I was actually surprised by the prices. Drinks are very expensive in Atlantic City so I was expecting them to be even more expensive in Vegas. The prices really weren't that bad. And there wasn't a minimum to use a credit card. Maybe I was just ordering cheap drinks??? lolLines - There was no line to get in the club. We ordered tickets ahead of time though so I think that really helped. We walked in around 11:30pm. Lines for the bar weren't bad either.Coat check - We didn't take advantage of this. We called ahead to find out the cost - $40 for guys, $20 for girls. That is INSANE. Who would pay that? I really hope that there was a miscommunication and that was the price to get in the club, not for coat check.I would come back here again, but only after I experience some of the other clubs at Vegas first.
1	Really ???????? You need a girl to get in to this club what??????? I think America is all equality but I think the this is a bullshit, discrimination is the first tool in this club, we know you probably don't care but this is really bad for tourist !
5	12 of us .. Bottle Service.. Great music... Small dance floor, but we had fun anyway.There were a lot of creepy, touchy, feely people.
5	This club helped me have the best Vegas weekend, so far. We saw Sander Van Doorn inside and he slayed, the place looks awesome, yeah it's crowded and you can't hang out in the aisle, so you have to keep it moving and/or get on the dance floor. I didn't mind. The outside is spacious and played hip hop, I liked it, cuz you could actually talk to people out there. The drinks were expensive....duh, it's Vegas, can't complain, I don't understand people who complain about the price of anything in this town really, it's Vegas, don't come if you can't afford it. This is the most heavily staffed club I've ever been too and enjoyed my interaction with them all around. The overall design of the club is what makes it so cool, it feels like you're in a movie. Go here, let your wallet go and dance. Thanks Marquee.
1	I hate this place Ahaha Seriously went on my Birthday and of course non-stop EDM and a very small Hip Hop room.
4	During the morning this club is paradise. They have amazing DJs and great table and cabana services. The day clubs have a open layout. However, the pools are warm... Despite the temperate of the pool, I always have a fun time! During the night the club is so crowded. By the end of the night they start to shut down parts of the club slowly and gradually by the end of night it becomes so crowded.
4	I went to this club on a Monday night. We got in through a promoter and didn't have to pay cover for me and 2 girlfriends. The music was fantastic with a dj spinning original tracks and mixes with a theme of candyland.Two story tall led effects wall with 5 female dancers in silhouette.  They gave out free light wands and had confetti cannons and fog machines with an icy blast keeping the dance floor cool. Great crowd with both locals and alot of cute foreigners with great accents. Met an Irish boy, some middle eastern gentlemen and a group of Scottish jocks.  Would be a 5 star rating but the drinks were expensive and weak. I don't mind paying for a strong drink, but a weak expensive drink is a no go.
1	I want to tell you first of all that we had a great time at the Cosmopolitan.  Great rooms, great casino, friendly staff.  3 of my friends stay at your hotel regularly.  It was my first time.However, the experience we had at Marquee was disgusting!!!  Justen and his staff should be embarrassed!!!As I mentioned in my earlier emails, I was looking for recommendations for a club with table/bottle service for 40-50 year olds as it was my friends 50th birthday.  You sent me to Justen.  I did not know he only worked for Marquee.   He said the club was perfect for us and he would set us up with a "great table".  I even tipped him $100 on the way in...  It was all 20 something patrons.  Not what we were told or even sold!!! They set us up with a table in the back corner by the bathroom.  It was horrible.  Couldn't have been further from the dance floor.  Not even in the ring. Then they triggered a fraud alert on my visa and they would not let anyone have any of the drinks even though they know we were staying in the hotel. What is that all about???   It took the waitress (Mary) over 30 minutes to re-process it. We were all standing there with our thumbs up our ass. Now the icing on the cake....Mary told me she was leaving for the night.  I signed the bill and included a 20% gratuity.  Then she comes back and asks for a tip for the bar back who kept up with the mixers etc...  She said the gratuity didn't include him.  I was so angry at that point that I just charged another $50 on my card.  Then I go to the bathroom and come back and our whole area was cleaned out and know one knew what was up.  I felt worked over and angry over the whole experience.  Disgusted!!!!The next day on check out neither of you were around.  They had some manager from Marquee call me and he said he would give me $50 towards my next visit to Marquee.  Seriously?????  You all should be embarrassed after us spending over $10,000 for 2 days.
2	Went on a Monday night for a free cocktail party. The free liquor was from 10-11 pm. My group got to the Marquee about 15 minutes earlier than that. First off, what is with the organization of the lines, or lack thereof. There was a bouncer who looked at our voucher and told us to go to line 1. We went to the ID checker and got to the cashier who told us we had to go to a different line, not letting us know which one. It took a bit to find someone that would help us and proceeded to line 2. We got checked in and waited for someone to let us in. By the time we got up to the bar area it was already 10:15. So they only had one floor open since it was Monday which was the table areas. If you didn't pay for a table you were packed in like sardines in the walkways or areas close to the bar. And the DJ only played techno music. I'm definitely not impressed with this place and think management needs better organization
4	Marquee was fun. I really liked how big the club was and all the cool decor. I really loved the outside part of the club and thought the cabanas in the pool looked good. I went on a Friday night and I was surprised by the music. Could have been better in my opinion.
3	Marquee is a very nice venue, but I did not like how crowded it gets inside. I liked the outside, where the pool is.  But inside I felt like I was being squished into a can of sardines. I went during my 21st birthday weekend to see Cedric Gervais here, and it was fun but I really shouldn't have worn terribly high heels! We ended up leaving early because we couldn't deal with the squished feeling. I do have to give them props for the photo booth and the well made drink! I ordered a Tokyo Tea and it was absolutely delicious and still got me tipsy! Best Tokyo Tea in Vegas. :)
3	Let me first mention I'm a Vegas local. I have been to multiple clubs on the strip, plenty of times. On two different occasions I have been in a group where we have had our phones stolen on the dance floor. This has never happened to my me or my group of friends, anywhere else. The first occasion it was one girl and out of her purse. The second time THREE of us got our phones stolen on the dance floor (zipped inside purse pocket, front pocket of jeans, inside bra). Let me also mention that we were all sober. Within the half hour it took for us to cancel our phones, they had made calls to Colombia and switched my SIM card into 2 different phones. They were professional phone bandits! Watch your phones, guys! Besides that.... Marquee has two stages. In the summer, there is the main EDM stage inside and a hip-hop stage outside. In the winter the outside portion closes off and the Boombox room, with hip-hop, opens up. The Boombox room is always packed, however the bar is easier to get to than the upstairs bar. The outdoor poker tables stay open even in the winter! Get your name on a guest list, don't pay cover! If you're a group of girls, find a promoter to get you drink tokens!
1	I've been to many Las Vegas clubs, and this was by far the worst.Entry: As we came up the escalator, first thing we saw was Metro Cops everywhere (not casino security.  Then, there are multiple lines for different things, I'm not sure even the bouncers know what is what.  To round that off people were cutting in front of us across the ropes.  The bouncers checking the lists didn't even check ours, the girls we were with were amongst the hottest in line.  Once to the elevator they crammed us in like sardines.Club: After an elevator ride up, we entered the club which is on the roof of the Cosmo with indoor and outdoor areas.  The main dance floor is too small, no room to dance, lacks high-quality lighting and sound (Drai's, Wynn, and Rain are better.Drinks: We ordered the same drinks 3 times in a row and were quoted different prices each time, upon asking about this the third time, the bartender rudely said we got a receipt with each drink, we didn't...  ON top of that, the drinks are weak, not even worth buying.Crowd:  The crowd was rude and careless, two people in my party had drinks dropped near them.  Another had her own drink dropped by someone right after getting it, of course the bartender after seeing this told us he wouldn't replace it.Exiting:  We left early because the club sucked, we went to the elevators we entered through, we were rudely told we were not allowed to use these elevators and the exit was through the adjacent hallway.  So we went to the adjacent hallway and found out the exit was actually through the hotel's emergency exit stairwell.  The girls we were with both had high heels, so we had to carry them down the stairs for safety (approx. 4-5 flights)I will never go back, this club is a disgrace for Las Vegas.
1	WATCH OUT FOR THIEVES!! OR MAYBE JUST DON'T GO TO THIS CLUB!! 3 of my friends had their phones stolen right out of their purses even though they were zipped up (and one was even a wristlet!). On top of that we talked with a few other girls that apparently had their phones stolen too. Security did absolutely nothing to help aside from ask you fill out a form in case they "found" or someone "turned in" the phone. Completely ruined the night and even before this happened, not a very good handle of crowd control on the main floor. Felt packed beyond capacity.
5	Our promoter was great. Went to Marquee for their ugly sweater holiday party. Never been clubbing in a sweater before that was awesomee. Free entrance and complimentary drinks (got like 6 AMFS) Music was good and fun to dance to. And then when we left my feet were hurting and Marquee gave us sandals =') marquee is now my fav club in vegas
4	So this is a world class night club. Big DJs, expensive drinks, packed house, people dressed to the 9's and dancing their brains out, etc. If that's your thing, then hit this place up. Pretty much only XS is better at this point. If the club scene isn't your thing, then why are you reading this?!
1	If I could give NO STARS, I would. Excuse my language but this place is a damn joke! So dissapointed and regret even coming to this low life piece of crap "club". First off, I was only there for about an hr because the capacity of the people in the room was unbearably crazy and DANGEROUS. It was impossible to even walk, so good luck dancing. Not to mention I came all the way to san jose to spend my new years to basically get assaulted by some little punk at the club. I was punched in the face by an overly intoxicated, so called "man" and the bouncers failed to help me or kick the kid out. This was after the fact I already asked the bouncer to get the man away from.  I'm looking forward to getting my money back, as this was a waste of money and time and I was in fear for my life.  In fact, this place should be SHUT DOWN because it is not properly ran and definitely NOT SAFE. After being punched I was screaming for help as I was in shock and could not breath from getting the wind knocked out of me, It was so scary and finally a bouncer came and walked me out.   A big F-U to this club, the owners of the club, the people who "manage" it, and the bouncers who are a piece of a crap. I'm really surprised the fire department hasnt shut this place down. I recommend and warn EVERYONE to NOT COME HERE!!!!!!!! Not to mention the 6-8 flights of stairs you must walk in order to go inside the "club", the staircase looked as if you were walking  into a school gym, so tacky! So good luck ladies wearing your stilettos because it's def a work out climbing those stairs. Just an overall trashy, low-life, garbage, unsafe, piece of shit "club".
4	It's beautiful but has a weird vibe, only time I enjoy this place is when it's Marquee Mondays. If you have company, it's impossible to find them. Great DJ's though so that's a plus!
