5	The airport is easy to navigate around and...wait for it...free wifi. I'm not sure how all of you feel about not being connected, but I was in heaven when I realized that there was free wifi available at this airport. The downside is that you can't use it within restaurants. You have to be in the open seating area. Good on you Phoenix, good on you.
2	This review is for Terminal 2  - otherwise known as the 9th level of hell.  Sky Harbor has several terminals and I have always passed through the main (America West) terminal in my travels to and from Phoenix.  It can get crowded, but hey, it's an airport.  Get used to it.Terminal 2 however, 'home' to Continental and United Express flights, is the most abysmal place I've seen in a long time.  The 'security' guard I had to pass in order to get to the metal detectors was more interested in her split ends than in looking at my photo ID or checking that it actually matched the name on the ticket.  The Express flight gates are all housed in a small separate building that one must walk through an outdoor area in order to reach.  The entire terminal smells vaguely of mildew and disuse.  And all but one of the eating establishments is either boarded up or roped off and the place that is open...ewww.  I ordered a pastrami and swiss from the less-than-friendly counter person and after discussing the appropriate change I should have received back for my $20 bill, I traveled down the smeared glass to pick up my to-go sandwich.  Which had morphed into ham.  I didn't order ham. Well the ticket says sandwich special and that's ham.  Excuse me, but your board says 'special Pastrami and Swiss or Ham and Swiss' and I did not order ham - I don't EAT ham.  Sandwich maker goes down the line to have discussion with counter-person.  I wait.  Impatiently.  I am exceedingly hungry as well as minorly hung-over and I just want my *&$%(#$&  food.  Finally, I get my pastrami and swiss on (grudgingly admitted) good rye bread.One star for the friendly sky-cap who took my luggage (OUTSIDE the terminal) and one star for the good bread.  Otherwise, if you must travel through this airport, take America West.
4	7/07 Update:I had a 4 hour wait due to dropping my rental car off early, so had time to blow.  I was flying United, Terminal 2 and there is nothing there, so was told by a TSA staff member to hang out at Terminal 4, more eateries and shopping and there definately was, SWA and US hub.  Definately spent my time here leisurely waiting for my flight and jumped on the shuttle to get be back to Terminal 2 for my United flight.--------------------I enjoy this airport, I don't mind the tram, you take one of two to get to baggage or parking.  Pretty simple.  And going to the new car rental place is easy.  The shuttle ride is around 10-15 minutes.  Enterprise car rental treated me really well.  Very customer service.
4	In general, this Airport is good.  The place is huge though.  And Thank God for America West getting bought by US Airways.  America West was the worst airline in the history of mankind!
3	I passed through the Phoenix Airport on my way to Baltimore and wasn't so impressed with it.  It's busy and packed.  And not spacious enough for all the people milling around.  As a result, it's not exactly what I would call a clean airport. It's not overly dirty either, but you can tell it's an aged place with worn out floors and facilities.But hey, it's America West's hub, and I guess if I'll by flying on that airline, I will be passing on by a few more times.
4	Very nice and a bit confusing, not too much but just a bit!
4	seriously... this might be the one of the best domestic terminals I've been to for some time in the U.S.  the terminal is well-lit, there are actual FRESH options for eating food (a sandwich made to order?!), there are easy-to-read departures boards everywhere, and the security people are, like, COMPETENT!  and they have little disposable booties so you don't have to walk through security with bare feet.  I was so confused by how pleasant people were.  Maybe it's the perpetual sunshine thing, it does something to people's brains...
5	5 stars for the free WiFi. None of this useless T-mobile please nickel and dime us uselessness. I was in Terminal 4, I believe, in on an America West flight from San Francisco to Austin.
5	Stuck here for 3hrs on a layover.  What to do, what to do?  This airport is huge.  It seems to be the main hub for all flights in the southwest.  Stop off at the gift shop to scan the magazine racks.  OK, that keeps me busy for only 20 min.  What else to do?  Let's try to catch up on some reviews.  What's it gonna cost me to get online?  Hmmm...Sky Harbor Public WLAN?  Could it be?  YES!!!  FREE WI-FI!!!  Makes the layover that much more bearable.
1	Fly here a lot on TED.  The terminal sucks.  When you are hanging out layed over there is nothing to do or eat.  They did remodel but it is just as bad as before.  I am stuck flying into here everymonth.  One of the good things is there was a smoking room but that got demolished so now you can smoke post checkpoint outside.
4	In 15 years or so when there is a line that connects the light rail to the airport, and there is a train that takes you to any terminal, to the econo parking and to the rental cars, this place will be a solid rocking 5 stars.  Right now, it's a weak 4.  They have awesome signage on the roads leading in and out of the airport.  But if you don't know EXACTLY which one to take - you are kinda screwed because you could end up going to the other side of the airport before you can get out.  Once you know where you want to go, it's a breeze.  They've done quite a bit of work recently on the inside of the airport to make it more customer friendly.  And I have to say, pure location wise - I love that it's so close to city center. I know it has some disadvantages, but when you need to go, and fast, it's awesome.Decent food offerings and free wi-fi are great, though I think some of the stores could do a little updating but that might just be me...I haven't had to go through the new "see you naked" screen - but I'm psyched to check it out, though I wish it was from the other side...
3	When I landed here for the first time, I was really confused at baggage claim since they had different sides ('north/south' and/or 'east/west' I forgot)... Other than that, it was very comfortable and convenient.Word of advice, if you are departing, give yourself a lot of time to go through the security checkpoint.  That's the main bottleneck.
4	Terminal 4pros:- organized and easy check in (though US Airways (in conjunction with AA) would not give me my second boarding pass so i have to check in again at my connection- that's a whole other airport's rant) - complimentary plastic zip baggies provided - 6 lines of security open (at check point B)!  so fast and easy!- free wireless- is how i'm writing this!cons:- not really nice for the driver dropping me off- once you you get to the gate area, if you're thirsty, it's water or vitamin water- public breast feeding, blecht!!  put that shit away, find a lounge or something!- emergency alarm going off right now- loud, clear, and flashy!  - while i appreciate thier attempt to mask any foul bathroom odors, they blast the restroom with a most powerful pink dental flouride gel scent that makes me gag more than i wanted to in the first placei guess it's better than it's not!
3	The schizophrenic Phoenix airport must be broken into its terminals: 2, 3, and 4 (as they remind you with frequency "There is no Terminal 1." Though, they never do say why not . . . ) Terminal 2 is the down home, midwestern terminal. It feels much more like a small city airport terminal, where they wheel the jetway/staircases carefully to the plane's exit doors and blast wind in the faces of travelers as they deboard. Though, they actually do have normal jetways now, that is just what you'd expect by looking at it. T2 is my favorite, in all candor, because lines move faster and bags arrive quicker than at its counterparts.Terminal 3 means you have a long journey ahead or you've just finished one. In my experience, I have only gone through T3 on cross country or international flights. The escalators are teeming with suits, hurriedly shuffling between flights for what appear to be business meetings or other important matters. Lines move fairly quickly during the day, but early morning or evening hours get backed up faster than you can say "Nasdaq."Lastly, Terminal 4, the mother of all airport terminals. Southwest's hub is here, and budget travelers of all shapes and sizes scamper and jog and saunter to their gates. You will begin to understand how big Phoenix has truly grown to be when you get a good look around terminal four. It is as huge and spread out as the metropolis itself, and ties itself together loosely with its elevators and moving sidewalks. Upon arriving in Phoenix, bags at terminal four take their sweet time to reappear on carousels, so be as patient as time allows.It can be frustrating entering and exiting the airport itself to mind the signage and beware sudden lane changes or mergers with oversized shuttle buses. Good luck in that jungle; you may need it.
2	Aaah, the familiar blast of air conditioning fans my face as we walked out of the gate from the plane... Why is it that just one to two days before arriving in Arizona, it was 60 degrees?--the same degree of coolness as the bay, but when we touched Phoenix ground, it's all of a sudden 90 degrees??  And of course, when we leave next week, the temp will plummet back down (at least, according to the news).  The Gods have it in store for my fiance and I to somehow *enjoy* the heat as we visit friends and family twice a year in Mesa.Anyway, back to the airport..there was this lady parked on the loading zone for 15 minutes waiting for her party.  WTF??  In Oakland, they'll sic the security on you when you so as much touch the curb for 30 seconds without picking or dropping off someone.  I once nearly got into a car accident trying to avoid their palms from hitting my trunk..
3	Sky Harbor is a reflection of Phoenix. Some parts are old and worn out and other parts are new and modern. I like the wide variety of eateries and the automated ticket machines next to the security lines (so u can print your boarding pass without waiting in line below). WiFi is a plus too. Long term parking is pretty inexpensive which is another bonus. They need to add a movie theatre, a night club, more retail stores, a paint job and new carpets and this place would rock.
4	Overall it's a really good airport for a city the size of Phoenix.  If you check in and print out your boarding pass beforehand and don't check any bags - you should be fine here.  The waits at security aren't that bad for the most part.  One of the highlights here is the award-winning art collection - noted as one of the best in an airport nationwide.One reason this airport doesn't get 5 stars is the lack of access between terminals (all they offer is bus service) and between the airport and public transportation - supposedly a link with the future light rail system will come in 5 years or so. The difference is terminals has been noted already - but personally I prefer using Terminals 2 and 3 to avoid the zoo that is Terminal 4 - especially to avoid the Southwest (Greyhound of the Skies) crowd.  But if you do have to deal with Terminal 4 - it is large and modern with people movers, offering almost anything you could possibly need. I especially like Terminal 2 because it is smaller and less frantic.   Downside is there are less eateries.  An Arizona Republic article recently noted that Terminal 4 eateries (Starbucks, for example) charge significantly more than in other terminals - even for the same exact food and drink!
2	FYI - if you plan to rent a car, allow extra time.  All of the car rental agencies are located in a separate terminal.  There's just one big bus to hop onto.  In light of the new TSA regs, they have little baggies for you to put your gels into [or lip glosses in my case].  Here's the interesting thing....At PHX they're drawstring... LAX has totally different bags....draw your own conclusions.....ETA.  GGGGGGGRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH....I had to update this review.  The only reason it's not one star is because my bag showed up....EVENTUALLY.  I recently had to check a bag from Phoenix to Oakland, because it takes more than a quart size bag of liquids and gels to maintain the Rhubarb for a week.  Somehow, my bag and I did not end up on the same flight.  They found it within 24 hours of me getting home.  But it was a LONG 24 hours, and they just weren't very nice about the whole thing.  At one point this chick asked what was in my bag....um, I don't know.  I told her I did not make a list because I did  not anticipate the neanderthals at PHX would lose my beloved Samsonite wheeley.  When she asked me what type of bag it was, I said, do you want a serial number????  OK, end rant.  let's hope they do better the next time.
4	Much like everything else in Arizona, this is very large and in charge and flat.  The decor inside is a southwestern motif of zig zags that gets pretty psychedelic.  The recent renovations to Terminal 4 have been pretty impressive, although I noticed the southwest motif is still alive and well.  The bad thing? If you ever connect in Phoenix, get ready to walk your ass off. Each "Satelite" gate is so fricken far. you are always somehow late at some point.  The great thing about it? Free Wifi. So if you ever get stranded there, at least you can chat and surf the net or what not.  It's awesome.  Randomly this airport has no terminal 1, and terminal 2 was built in like 1950.  Terminal 3 is nice, and Terminal 4 is the "desert jewel" of them all.  Anyway, another complaint I have about this place is that baggage takes 45 minutes to come out. Annoying. Probably because its so frickin far from the gates and its massive! But again, free wifi. Score!
4	In my past life when I use to fly America West to Missouri to see my grandparents I always had a layover in Phoenix...well I don't know if you can call it a layover because I would have to run from one terminal to another...not much of a layover.Flights to Phoenix itself is great (I fly United).  Probably more so that it is such an easy flight from LAX but it is a pretty easy airport to get around and I have always had carry on only so I have never had to deal with baggage claim.
5	An airport after my own heart, the news stands sell Smart Water. Also, I love the moving walk ways.Lastly, thank you for the free wireless. It rules.
3	Jesus--you are a big MoFo!! I was trapped here on a connector flight to Dallas and I SWEAR I had to walk about 2 miles to get to my next flight--on the same airline!! Thankfully I had an hour layover otherwise I would've been screwed. It has all of the typical airport shit....blah blah. Just make sure you allow about 10 hours between your flights and you'll be fine.
5	Ok, I know the layout of the airport can be a bit confusing. Especially if you are unfamiliar with Sky Harbor. However, once you know how things work this is a great airport given the amount of traffic and passengers that travel though it. I travel all the time (professional pilot,) and PHX is great. Free Wi-Fi throughout the airport is a major plus, it is the largest airport in the nation to offer that.Terminal 1: It was completed in 1952, and demolished in 1990. I never saw terminal 1.Terminal 2: One of the best terminals in my opinion. The food is not very good in this terminal, but go downstairs! One of the best locations of old Phoenix photos you can find. You can easily kill an hour looking at these! It is never crowded down there, and the history is amazing. Once you are done, sit down upstairs browse the internet and wait for your zone to be called.Terminal 3: A cool escalator ride through some fake rocks. The starbucks is there (of course,) but just beyond the starbucks are some solitary seats. Good place to kill time. There is also a Blue Burrito grill past security. Those are great for airport food.Terminal 4: Massive! But there is another Blue Burrito grill after security. If you are waiting on a flight, take a walk around terminal 4. It's huge but at least you can burn part of the burrito off while doing this.We all know waiting at airports can suck. But at PHX it is not too bad, especially with the FREE WI-Fi!
2	I hate taking buses between terminals.  I hate it.  Why do I have to go outside in the god awful heat and bus all over the damned place just to get to my appropriate terminal?  Why when I arrive, am I miles from the nearest cab stand?And why was that girl at the security check point such a miserable bitch?  Waves of hatred were just rolling off of her as I had to suffer through having my ID & ticket checked.Dear sullen and grouchy TSA employees - I don't really want to be here either.  Please don't be all nasty to me just because my mere presence here supplies you with this job that you clearly hate.  When I travel, I tend to have things.  Bags, IDs, tickets and what have you.  So if you, in your incredibly trying job of sitting down wearing gloves and being unhappy, find it beneath you to open the clear plastic folder my ticket is in so you can mark it off while I hold out my ID; causing me to shuffle everything I'm holding again so I can open said clear plastic folder, remove my ticket for you since moving thin plastic is CLEARLY not in your job description, show you my ticket, then shuffle again to get my ID into appropriate viewing position - an ID which you just looked at, I might not be all sunshine and rainbows to your big dark raincloud self.  No reason to try to sear me with your occular hate rays and set jaw.  Just keep on being miserable, chewing your gum, and let me get myself out of your life as quickly as possible.Thanks!- All my love, Sunshine & Rainbows R.Dear United Red Carpet Club - I understand that you cater to the business traveler and having 'Headline Prime" on in the lounge makes good sense, but on 9/11/2007, it's probably not the best idea ever to be showing us the news programs focusing on all the terrorist activity on this terrible anniversary.  Caravan of martyrs?  Letters from Bin Laden?  Warning us for a good 30 seconds that if we have small children or are sensitive in personality, that we are BEGGED to change the channel to spare us the horror of your broadcast focused on mass murder and rape?  (Which by the way, our host has just asked the man he's interviewing if he can go into more detail about the rapes, without being "too graphic" - uh, yeah.)Yeah, I'm totally ready to hop on a plane now.  Good thinkin.Oh, thanks for the snacks though.  The crudite was only slightly slimy and creepy.Yours in white knuckles and free snacks - Looking on the Bright Side R.
3	I've had to travel through Phoenix a couple times recently because I was stupid enough to fly on US Air.Cons:1. It's huge and it seems like it takes forever to get from point A to B, which can be annoying when US Air cancels your flight and you're running around trying to find a way to get back to Seattle.2. I swear there are US Air employees hawking credit cards like every 10 feet.  It gets annoying.Pros:1. There is this place called the Blue Burrito Grill and it kicks the butt of all other airport food.  They're super fast and we had an amazingly good chicken burrito there last time.
5	I was very surprised with the efficiency I encountered at this airport! All staff that I encountered was super friendly! (Even on their complimentarty shuttle service)!! Which...by the way was so convenient! Coming back through Sky Harbor the second time, I was checking through extra screening required. I was a little PO-ed at first but I was suprised how uninvasive security was (as opposed to SJC) they were friendly and did their jobs well. They were also very efficient in checking all manner of carry-on items. I wasn't the only one selected for "random screening" but I was surprised to see how good of a job they did! I look forward to traveling through PHO again, as I know my trip will be safe and secure!Thank you Phoenix....until next time!
5	Who yelps about airports? Well  I do! Seeing that I travel pretty frequently, I appreciate Sky Harbor for it's setup, organization, and open spaces. You are never cramped, the lines move pretty quick and it's a decent experience. They also have free WI-FI, which is a great bonus!  The best thing about SH, are limit flight delays, since the weather is almost always sunny here. It is the best place to fly in and out of, especially during the winter months. They could have a better restaurant selection, but it's not too bad, if you have time you can grab California Pizza, or burritos or some drinks at a few different bars. It is still odd too me to see people drinking in the morning before flying, I wonder is that just to ease their nerves, or do they always chug a couple beers at 8am?  The only down side:  I live close to the airport, so I hear planes all the time...not really the airports fault, it's doing it's job, so I won't punish it. Oh, and parking is super cheap I recommend the Gecko lot, 6 bucks a day ...pshhhaw you can't get parking in Boston for less than 16 bucks a day, and that is in the Far as Hell Lot in Revere with a AAA membership.
5	I've travelled out of this airport for quite a few years now, and it wasn't until a recent trip that took my through Jersey that I came to truly appreciate Sky Harbor.Being the hub for one of the largest and fastest growing cities in the nation, I am suprised I haven't experienced more delays than I have.  The only times I have experiened a noticeable backup at security is when it is to be expected (holiday weekends and such) and even then I have been suprised a time or 2 at how efficient it was.
4	The airpot is splendid.  All the rental car locations are in one place, so you just need to find the one shuttle.But what makes this airport better than others? They provide booties for you to wear when you take off your shoes, and ziplock bags in case you forgot to put your 3 oz. bottles of whatever liquids into ziplocks.  The airpot does need some color though. From inside the terminals looking out, the entire airport looks sand-colored.
4	This airport has the nice walkway that have the nice trendy monitors that enable you to display announcements.  You can now display the names of the individuals you are looking for in addition to paging them.  They also provide the 1 quart plastic bags for you if you should have any liquids in your carry-on that you forgot about.  They also supply the hospital like footies so that you didn't want to be walking around in your socks or barefoot you would have a covering.  This airport seems to have the money....  The pick up area is slightly confusing because there is a South Side, and I'm not sure which side that really is...  If you are looking at the sign does it mean that it's the area in front of or behind that is the South Side area?!  There are the inner lanes where people can pick you up, and the outside lanes are where the buses and shuttles are located   This is the opposite of O'Hare and Midway where the closer lanes are for limo and bus and taxi pick up.  My friend picked me up on that side and the parking police was honking at us.  At least we didn't get ticketed.  It's interesting how each terminal has an arrival and departure ramp, as opposed to separating the arrivals and departures.  I really like how the seats at the airport terminals do not have arm rests.  I notice these things now, should I happen to have a layover I can spread out and lay on a few seats for more comfort.  They have a decent amount of restaurants as well.  I'm not sure if all the gates have a simllar set up and variety of restaurant vendors, but was the case for Gate A.
4	As I sit a the gate 3, Terminal 2, UA1507 PHX-SFO in the plane with a 90 minute "SFO Flow Control" and "Mechanical problem of rivets missing on the engine cone?!"  delay, I write this review. Sky Harbor used to be my home base for a couple of years. It is a remarkably good airport given the tremendous growth in the Valley of the Sun. There are 3 terminals: Terminal 2, the smallest and oldest, (United, Continental, others)Terminal 3, next largest and oldest (Delta, Northwest and many others, including international flights)Terminal 4, newest and bigger than the others combined, dominated by SouthWest and US AIrways (formerly America West)For locals, there are the West and East long term parking lots. You can park in the West and walk to Terminal 2; East is much larger with an annex and hi-rise, and closer to terminal 4, but you need to take the shuttles. To help you remember which is east and west, PHX names the shuttles Gecko, RoadRunner, and one other I can't remember! For visitors, to get a round the sprawling valley, you need to rent a car. The recently added offsite Rental car Center is huge and well organized into 4 floors with different brands on each floor, and a lot of shuttle buses that are dedicated to each terminal. It is about 1 mile from the airport, but allow 10 minutes for shuttles and loading when you drop off your car. They have recently upgraded Terminal 2, expanding the security area and remodeling the restaurant. Terminal 2 has little in the way of food and shops. Terminal 4, organized into 7 separate buildings of gates connected with long hallways and moving sidewalks, has more food and shopping choices, but not on the order of PDX, or DEN. Because of the sheer volume of flights, Term 4 can have a long security check-in line, so plan accordingly. If you have questions, there are roaming information assistant volunteers, wearing blue sports coats and hats. Signage is decent and most monitors have been upgraded to flat screens. Sky Harbor is located close to Tempe (ASU) and no too far from downtown PHX. The edge of Mesa and Scottsdale are about 5 miles away, but it is 20 or more miles from other parts of North Scottsdale, Deer Valley and North Phoenix. Overall, it is fairly well organized and a clean airport with a lot of flight options, especially on SouthWest or US Airways, who use it as a major hub. For other airlines with a smaller foothold, you have to often connect through LAX, DEN, SLC, ORD or SFO depending on your final destination.
4	PHX is a big airport, but we always get through quickly.  It's designed like a bus stop -- just keep moving and the other door is straight ahead of you.  Baggage showed up on time.  They've moved car rentals off the property, though.  What a surprise!  Terminal 4 has nice shopping arcades and food courts on both sides of the security checkpoint.  That makes it a pleasant experience both for travelers and for people who are there to meet them.
4	If Henry Rollins' eyewitness account is your only concept of Sky Harbor, you really need to see it for yourself.I only fly from Terminal 4 (Southwest Airlines), and it's my favorite airport terminal in the United States. I'm always in and out in a flash; the Wi-fi is free, and cute people are all over the place.The Phoenix metro area is built on convenience and space, and the airport is no exception. My only complaint is a fairly crappy food selection.
3	I've just spent an entire week in and around this airport and have a few things to say about it.I've only flown into and out of Terminal 4, but have visited the other terminals.  I found Terminal 2 to be the smallest and 4 had the largest number of food choices (Einstein Bagels, Chili's, Paradise Bakery / Grill, Oaxaca, Coldstone Creamery and Starbucks to name a few).  Quick food note:  the Chicken Soup at Oaxaca is to DIE for.  Seriously.  Get it.  It has a ton of chicken in it, rice, some vegetables, and it's wonderfully seasoned.  I was sick during the week, and both times I had the soup it temporarily cleared my head.  Checked bags seem to arrive quickly, or at least quicker than they do at IAD!!!  Terminal 4 also has free wi-fi, but I think the City of Phoenix provides free wi-fi throughout the airport.  This is a great freebie to have when you are sitting around for a flight that has been delayed or canceled.  The car rental center seems to be a little further away than I'd like, but at least it's all centralized and grabbing a car and taking off is painless.  What I like about leaving with a rental car at PHX is that it's not difficult to follow street signs to major road ways / highways and traffic isn't so heavy that you're overwhelmed (I'm lookin at you, BOS with all yer tunnels!).  Returning a car is also lickety split.All in all, not bad for an airport of it's size and the number of daily operations it has.
3	If you've ever traveled for work, pleasure or by yourself, it's hard not to have the secret little fantasy of meeting a beautiful or handsome someone on the plane or grabbing the same bag at baggage claim as you stop and gaze into each others eyes and then flash forward to a few years down the line when you are boring your friends at a dinner party with yet another recap of how we met at "baggage claim, hehehe."Well, if that fantasy is the one in your head, then the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport is not for you. Ooof, talk about a healthy crop of f'uglies. I have never seen so many unattractive and swarthy looking characters in my life. Huge pot bellies, women lacking bras, kids screaming and running around and nobody smiles. What's up with that? From the time I exited the plane, to the time I got to baggage claim, I attempted a good 24 smiles and nada. Cheer up Phoenix, it's only travel.Then there's the kiosks. Maybe I am not hip to Phoenix airport fashion trends for Winter '07, but yikes, there isn't one thing I would have purchased even if everything is only $10. However, if you are looking for Messican food, then there is a plethora of options to choose from. On the plus side, this is an easy airport to zip out of and pick up seems easy enough. I arrived around 6:30ish and it was an easy breasy pick up, so there you have it. I'm returning later this week, so if you are reading this and you see a tall girl with a bright orange coat smiling at you, dammit, shoot one back!Oh, bonus points for the guy walking ahead of me in the Anchor Blues jeans that he tye-died himself. Apparently, he's starting up a business of selling them. Tye-died. Anchor Blues. Wow. Just, wow.
4	There are worse airports to be stuck in for 8 hours with a 102 degree fever and frequent bouts of  atomic diarrhea intermingled with seemingly eternal sessions of projectile vomiting (and this is only one quarter of the way through my travel itinerary) after a night of mostly the same and a day of trying to navigate the American Aviation system in the middle of the holiday rush. Perhaps some of you recall my last cross-country travel experience (3 days stuck at SFO waiting for a flight out...). This time was not much better. But the airport staff at Phoenix made my excruciating delay that much better by providing me with tissues, sprite (for my tummy), tons of pillows, and enough blankets to warm my shivering, shaking, feverish body. Had I not convinced them I had food poisoning, they probably wouldn't have allowed me on the flight that I finally got on at 2 a.m. after boarding my first flight at 2 p.m. the day before and facing an additional 4 hour flight. Their assistance and support helped me get some much-needed sleep while awaiting my winged chariot and made the flight I finally got on much easier than my former flight had been.I might add that there were ample food and sundries stations in the terminal I was in and I easily found all the medication I cared to take and regurgitate. I have been in and out of this particular airport for various reasons over the years and always found it rather average until this past week. Thank you, Southwest employees and airport personnel for making yet another miserable travel experience so much easier to endure.
4	okay, so on one hand, this place is super crowded and it seems that the staff is always bewildered, "what, a busy rush? but this is an airport in holiday season!!" Also, i am sitting here in this busy airport (9.50p friday dec 28) and almost every place to buy food is closed! No food for you if you're here after 9. i suppose the bar is open, but it is full of loudness and after a week visiting my parents i am ready for a little non loudness.now...on the other hand. FREE WIFI BABY!!!! if only i could have a glass of wine in my comfy spot at my terminal. seriously people, would it kill you to employ cocktail waitresses?
3	Sky Harbor Airport is a decent airport that is very convenient to everywhere in the Valley. It is about 5-10 minutes from Downtown Phoenix. The only terminal I can review is Terminal 2 because it's the only terminal I've been in. I fly to Phoenix at least once a year from Cleveland and always take Continental. Continental flies in and out of Terminal 2 to it's hubs in Cleveland, Newark, and Houston. Terminal 2 is a very bland terminal that needs a lot of updating. Also, the Continental gates are always extremely crowded, leaving you pressed for seating if you don't arrive early. Terminal 2 also has a lack of stores and places to get food, although they are there. Overall, despite the bashing, Sky Harbor is a decent airport. As much as I dislike Terminal 2, I understand that Terminal 4 is much better when it comes to services and visual appeal.
3	This is a very pretty airport.  The security lines are always short in the morning. Also, the drive around the building is not very confusing, which is always nice in an airport.  I used to think traveling in Phoenix was a pleasure.  I now hate this airport. On my last trip to Philadelphia from Phoenix, I flew Delta.  Not only did I wait in line for the self check in for over a half of an hour (the lines are organized extremely poorly) but I also had major trouble with my baggage.  Like I said, I did the self check in.  That means I checked in, using a machine, inside.  INSIDE.  That means, you check in, put your luggage on the scale, they tag it and take it.  Right? WRONG! After waiting 10 minutes for someone to tag my bags, she then said, "Take your bags over there," and loosely gestured to her left.  I was flabbergasted! Because I then had to wheel my tagged luggage over 50 feet, through crowds of people (remember the poorly organized lines) and into a corral of bags.  To me, it was inexcusable.  People go inside to have their bags taken care of.  Not roped off in the middle of a crowd.
3	Second time flying into this airport.  It's okay, not award winning, not much to yelp about, smaller than I expected.  The only compliment I have for the airport is I kinda liked the tacky fake rock wall by the escalators.  Oh, and I was sorta digging the commercial grade carpet with the cute airplane design.  I was staring at it so hard, it kinda made me dizzy.   Yeah, that just about sums up the highlights for me.
4	As someone who flies in and out of a lot of airports, this is a great one.  Here's why:1) Free internet2) Great on-time percentage3) Above average selection of restaurants (though the drawback here is that the best are pre-security screening)4) Not a lot of traffic; some security entrances are almost empty even during peak travel timesThe first two reasons are the most important for any airport (for me) and are probably reversed in order of importance.  But when you are delayed it is great having free internet.  There are a few drawbacks to Sky Harbor as well..1) Terminals are very far apart (i.e. United to US Airways)2) Not many food options post security screening3) Rental Car hub too far from main airport.Outside of that, this is a great airport.  Also, easy to gain status if you fly US Airways.  Also it's well air conditioned, considering 8 months out of the year the temps are difficult to deal with.
2	I've been in and out of Sky Harbor quite a bit and it's wearing thin on me.  Here are the things that keep it from being a good airport:1)  The rental car center, accessed by lumbering buses, is too far away and is heinously slow for picking up a car.  If you are going to shunt your rental car center to some godforsaken corner of the valley, couldn't you at least arrange a dedicated skyway for the buses or a tram or monorail or train that whisks arriving passengers there?  This is one of the few things SFO has done well, while Cleveland Hopkins and Sky Harbor have done it poorly.2)  The food options are not all that great, and as one other reviewer noted, the best bits are outside security!  Who has the cool and collected psyche to sit there idling away over a meal while gigantic queues may be forming, unseen, at the security gate while you linger?  When I arrive at an airport, my goal is to get through security at the earliest possible moment to avoid any nasty, nerve-wracking surprise death marches.  Which brings us to....3) The security lines are WAY too understaffed for the size of this operation.  Narrow little chokepoints with TSA agents of the bellowing variety, and rarely more than two lines open to get into any concourse, unless you want to walk endlessly to see if the line is shorter at another entry.   Heinous!4)  Add in an unimaginative mix of vendors and drab, Houston Bush-esque brown decor and you've got a dreary experience whether it's your destination, your departure point, or a hub for transfers.
3	I'll add my 2 cents to PHX.  Reasons why this airport is pretty good.- Relatively new and clean.  Feels like a comfortable place.- Free internet always helps when your flight is delayed- Long security lines going to the C and D terminals can be avoided by going through B and walking around- Debra Ostricher! (if you know what I'm talking about then you've taken the rental car bus way too many times also!)
2	All these positive reviews?  Huh.  Well, people give Southwest's cockroach-infested planes high marks, too, so it's all a matter of taste I suppose. No, this a not a place you want to find yourself after 9pm.  Nor before 9pm.  I'd heard bad things from friends who fly through here frequently, but I was still disappointed.My flight arrives at 9:15 or so, and I'm already unhappy because a poor corporate travel agent didn't tell me that "direct" flights are not always "non-stop" flights and that while I had only one plane to SFO, I had to get off it at least once during the return. So I arrive and deplane so they can move the Airbus to another gate (?), and since there's a 90 minute layover, I go in search of food and drink. First, I sense the skeeviness. It couldn't have smelled like stale cigarettes in the terminal (no smoking!), yet somehow I felt it did.  Maybe it was the beige decor, straight out of 1974, and the dingy looking carpet. The design was like the old sections of O'Hare or Dulles--all narrow halls, low ceilings, and backlit Helvetica signage with (perhaps) dead bugs stuck between the light bulbs and the plastic lenses.  I approach the first small food court, and hear the rumble of closing gates.  Done for the night.  Ah, the hot dog place is still open!   "Hi!" "Sorry, we close at 9:30." "It's 9:15!" "We close at 9:30."*Rumble* *Slam!*Let's try the next terminal.  At the crossroads between A's and B's, I see moving walkways heading in two directions, but there's no airport map.  Call home.  Get advice. Check the internet. Ponder the consequences.  Head toward the A's, since that's where my plane will end up in an hour.  Take one walkway.  Take another walkway. A new concourse appears over the horizon.  *Rumble* *Rumble* *Slam!* Crap.There's some activity at the end of the concourse, and I see some kind of Tequila-themed bar. Seating!  Non-chain Mexican food!  People!  I walk in, sit down, pick up a menu from a pile on the bar, look around for service.*Waitress approaches*"Hi! Can I have a..."*Waitress pulls menu out of my hands, returns it to the pile, straightens the pile with obvious annoyance**With back turned* "No more food.  Drinks." I get up and walk out, and see a crowd forming at the California Pizza Kitchen.  Something!  An Ethiopian family is capitalizing on the food shortage and the pizzas are flying in and out of the faux-wood oven. Short wait. I order."Four cheese, please. Thanks for staying open!""Hey man, people keep paying, I keep making pizzas."I get my pizza, take it to the food court, and eat while a crew cleans up around me, eventually putting a chair up on to the other end of the table I'm eating at.  Still a hour until my flight goes, and there were at least 3 or 4 flights leaving an hour or more after that.  Can we relax a bit?  The pizza guy keeps cranking 'em out, and the latest customers are just standing around shoveling slices directly from the box for lack of a place to sit.  A soda fountain, affiliated with some other fast food joint and clearly disgusted by the scene, makes a rude noise and spontaneously expels several gallons of water onto the floor. It runs down a slight slope to soak a large section of beige carpet. I'll bet that'll smell nice tomorrow.I leave the food area and walk toward my gate, looking forward to sitting on plastic and vinyl benches for the next 55 minutes.  As I walk past the Tequila place, the bartender bellows:"OK, people!  Time to head out.  You don't have to go home but you can't stay here!"Real clever.  Christ, we're barracaded inside a plasterboard-and-carpet box, hundreds or thousands of miles from home, locked in by low-paid contractors with guns anxious to perform some more Security Theatre, waiting for delayed and cancelled flights. Sorry we're inconveniencing you.Well, at least I got a whole row to myself on both legs of the flight. Maybe that's a benefit of flying through a shitty airport.
3	Sitting in the hub, eating a cinnabon, drinking coffee and reading a book was how I spent A LOT of time a while back. That said, I was glad I was stuck at this airport and not a lot of others. I like it. Maybe it's because it was my home away from home for so long that it just grew on me.
4	So I'm sitting here at Sky Harbor, trying to get Yelp to load on my husband's internet communication device when I said to myself  "self....you have your laptop...and this airport has free wifi!"I mean that in and of itself is great.  There is nothing more I hate than paying $5 or even $10 to feed my internet addiction for an hour or so.I never seem to have the problems that others have with this airport....my luggage doesn't take forever to hit the carousel (although I have picked up friends and relatives here and have had that happen....), security is a breeze (granted, I'm usually taking the red eye or the first flight out but such is the case when you fly to the East Coast), and as I sit here at 10:50 there is a full bar open still serving food and drink...and they will be open until 12.If you think the gates here are far apart or its too big then don't ever fly into Newark, JFK, or LGA.  I once had to walk over a mile next to the runway to get to the stupid Marine Air Terminal.  This airport only has three terminals which are pretty small in comparison to other cities.  You could walk for days in Houston to get to your gate.  Parking here is cheap in comparison to the airports back East.  Just a few bucks for an hour or so.  My mom and uncle picked us up at Newark in December and for 45 minutes it cost nearly $10!  I know that JFK and LGA would be similar, not to mention the cost of the bridges and tolls getting to those airports.  Getting to Sky Harbor is always a breeze for me.And I guarantee you that you will never have a snow delay or cancellation or wait to have them de-ice your plane.I also think that the terminals here have pretty good amenities and shops.  (Except for Terminal 3) Its not the kind of mall you find in say, Pittsburgh, but it isn't the grass huts of Kona either. Perhaps I'm lucky.  But thats cool and I'll enjoy my luck to the fullest until it runs out.
2	This airport blows. Why?- The car rental place is too far away - and it's a complete shitshow. - There are no ATM machines once you get past security. - Security is insane. The lines are way too long, the workers are way too cranky. It reminded me of the security lines at Vegas - except  without the benefit of just coming from a weekend filled with gambling, drugs and hookers (well, for most people anyway, for me it was EXACTLY like coming back from a weekend in Vegas). The not-too-bad parts?- Free Wi-Fi- If you're waiting to meet friends, there are decent eating/drinking choices outside of security
2	It's a nice roomy place with a smelly carpet but the chairs are uncomfortable for sleeping if you get stuck there.  I stayed there for 2 weeks once in the winter when I couldn't get a flight out.   No hot water in toilets, which usually stink of sweaty perverts and farts.  Food is awful fast junk $$$, etc, & you are in the middle of nowhere unless you drove or have a uni-cycle in your pack.  You have people sleeping in nooks & corners who got stuck there.  The con artist crooks on the prowl looking for dumb people who overpacked & are wearing an i-pod radio.  The snooty plastic people who came from Vegas, with the "look at me, I'm so rich" attitude pulling their doofy luggage w/ a mini poodle tucked into a plastic bag.  The "yelling" people who eventually broke down & couldn't take it anymore.  Yeah, this place is hell alright.You fly into one terminal then have to hike 2 miles away to another terminal and your plane leaves in 15 mins.Customer service is absent from everyone you encounter from ticket sales, to security, to janitors.  They walk around with a "fuck you" look on their faces.You drive around for hours because you can't turn around or stop because rent a security hollers at you to keep moving.  Of course, then there's the moronic homeland security, aka "morons without a clue" who x-ray you, fondle you, and butt search you for 2 hours just to get thru the bloody gate.  It takes another 20 minutes just to put on each garment you had to remove, including your underpants.  Don't bother the dumb cops, they'll choke you to death for no reason.  They ride a bicycle inside, on the carpet, what jerks.  Plus, if you look like a foreigner you have to deal with the idiot Border Patrol.If coming in from abroad, you'll stand about 4 hrs in line, then get the bored, rude idiot, who does nothing but stamp your passport and asks if you brought "weed" in & tries to ask "trick questions" like what high school you went to & who was president at the time.  Only Americans would know that.After all that's done, you can get on the small, smelly plane with a bunch of rude, inconsiderate jerks & get the last seat in the back by the clogged toilet.  But hey, at least you made it alive.  Look forward to the annoying "free drink time" by the rejected models who are so stuck up & the turbulence out by Kansas.Beats the Los Angeles Airport or taking Greyhound just barely, tho.
4	Sitting here waiting to be called to board on to my flight. I'm finding out that Phoenix Sky Harbor is a pretty nice airport compared to others that I've spent time in.I've found it easy to navigate around - and the best part of this place is the free wi-fi! Other airports I've spent time in make you pay for internet access.I know security lines can get horrendously long - but in my instance, they were quick and efficient taking only 15 minutes of my time to get through.I don't make it a habit to spend time at airports, but if you end having to spend time here, I could probably think of worse places to be.
4	In the style of Ignatius J. Reilly This city is famous for  its pablum strip mall culture, its tweaked city-vagrants, Antichrist shadeless palms, artificial tans, frauds with transfixed hairstyles, fetishists in stilettos, sodomites, drug addicts, exhibitionists, internet punchers, and litterbugs, all of whom are too reconciled by the lagniappe.  If you have a moment, I shall endeavor to discuss the portion of this shambles that makes up for the dissident of its surroundings, Sky Harbor Airport which i bothered to scribe into my Big Chief Tablet during my last expedition to fairer country.It is rather fine.  It is not only clean, but impeccable.  The staff is quite firm on the rules, which I was not made aware that a lute may pass through their customs, but not my British Honduran macaw or Belizian soy nuts.  Ho hum.  I had to insert them into the bowel of the plane, which is right where I told the wanded lady to stick her apparatus. I wandered up into Terminal Four, exceedingly the only port worth venturing from, with its hoards of awful fat inducing foods that I would never let my indulgences approach.  So, I had several plates of Chili Cheese Fries and four bloody marrys at Fox Sports Grill to block my urge from any of the other filth this corporate consortium of overfed Americana bestows on its citizens.  Filth!  Not me.  No way would I indulge here.  Though Terminal Four is quite a pleasant atmosphere, and allow myself to reiterate, the best port of exit, there is a severe mass of human activity.  If you are like myself, you won't enjoy the egregious offense against good reading at all of the newstands and boutique book shops around the mall area.  The "Somebody in Arizona Loves Me" apparel is without shame entirely!Still, if I must leave my beautiful burg in the sun, I enjoy the comforts of this guttersnipe and bawb babble infested airport.  Its just slightly above ho hum.  But only a just little.
4	Matt G is in Phoenix, AZ and I'm sweating like a pig in this desert-heat! Yeah, many of you thought the Bay Area was hot, why don't you come down here and compare for yourself... HMMM!?!Southwest Airline introduced an internet special for certain domestic flights to certain cities. Earlier in the month, I booked a non-stop flight from Oakland International Airport to Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix for $69.00 one way and another $69.00 to comeback. Including the necessary fees and other BS, the total comes to nearly $200.00. My flight was supposed to leave Oakland at 11am. But for some uncanny reason, the flight had a 10 minute delay; therefore we left quarter after 11am. Despite leaving later than the supposed time, my flight landed smoothly in Phoenix a little after 2pm (Arizona time).The airport is nicer and quieter than three Bay Area airports. I'm just going to be here for a couple of days. Unlike the airports from home, Downtown Phoenix is just walking distance or a light-rail ride from the airport. So renting a car is not necessary if you are only here for a short time. There are restaurants in the airport. But screw that; I'm going to Downtown and find a restaurant to seriously eat and feed yelp some reviews.
5	I love sky harbor!... The construction is about the only drawback that I see. I love the retro (out-dated to some) interior of the airport... I think it adds some charm. You don't get that interior at just any airport... The new airports look more and more shiny and metalic everytime I land in another city :(LONG LIVE SKY HARBOR!!!!
5	Free Internet in the Southwest Terminal. Big comfy chairs and lots of them. CNN with the sound on. A Wendy's that sells Frosty's. But really, this airport is a 5 just for the free wireless.
4	I can't say anything bad about Sky Harbor International Airport as I was only here as a stopover from Mexico to Detroit. I really wish I had known the TSA rule about checking Duty-free liquid purchases when making connecting flights.  I barely had room in my suitcase for the 980ml bottle of Kahlua I bought.  I sure as hell wasn't leaving that behind!Also, upon my return I found a note in my bag that said I had randomly been selected by TSA for a baggage check.  They sliced open the bubble wrap around my Kahlua (also sliced the label).  Luckily, my contents were not soaked in the stuff...everything was ok except i believe my book I was reading on the beach that was in the front pocket of my suitcase fell out during their inspection.  Not a huge loss as my friend back home had a copy to lend me.Is Sky Harbor "America's Friendliest Airport"?  I can't answer that, but it is much better than most.Oh yeah, I love the blue agave cacti that you can see out the window as you ride the people mover through the terminal.  Nice touch, AZ!
5	Stop reviewing the airport, why? It seems you folks are confused, when one reviews the airport it is about the actual airport, not the performance of an airline. We fly a lot and of course use this airport. It is a very nice looking airport with comfort in mind. It is easily navigated and it you are confused there is someone around willing to help. The parking is easy and getting here is easy. If it does take time to get ones bags it is not really an airport issue but the airline issue. The actual baggage claim area is well planned. I really think we have one of the better airports in the world. I am thinking of terminal 4 since most of our flights start and end here. I know we used the other gates, but can not really remember them.
2	I liked the old airport better.  I hate large, hard to navigate, walk forever to get to your gate airports.  My parents and I once didn't find each other till an hour after I landed because it was so big and confusing.  My parents always hated that there was ALWAYS construction going on there and it kept changing so you could never be sure the route you took one time would work the next time you went.  It was almost easier to just drive there from San Diego than to fly.
2	I love how people review the airport... like you even have much of a choice if you want to come to Phoenix or leave here for somewhere too far to drive. Airports in general suck - they always have. Since you-know-when, they've definitely kicked up the suck to a spectacular degree. I mean, I look back to pre-you-know-when days of flying as the good-old-days. I wish you could still meet people at the gates without a ticket. Hell, I wish you could get in the fucking airport without having to remove your shoes. Honestly, I'm willing to risk the occasional plane hijack in exchange for being able to not feel personally violated just because I wanna travel. It seriously factors in to my decisions to travel - the flying... more specifically, the airport. If someone really wanted to - they could still easily take over a flight or kill people on a plane or even crash it into a building. It's probably easier to take over a plane today than it is to hijack a taxi cab or a bus or break into someone's house. And yet we agree to surrender our 4 ounces of shampoo and nail clippers - like I can fucking attack someone with nail clippers. Fuck you.Sky Harbor is like any other airport. They have some decent bars and it can make for some interesting people watching. As many times as I've been to this airport to pick up or drop off, I still have anxiety about navigating around it - it's not that bad, but it still sucks. I'll say it's just slightly less obnoxious than waiting in line for Mr. Toad's Wild Ride at Disneyland. One time I was picking someone up - had them on the cell phone. They had their suitcase and were ready to meet me outside - I asked which side they wanted to meet me on and they said South, so I pulled up to the curb to wait for them to walk right out. It wasn't busy at all either, mind you. I was there for not even two seconds when some old fuck tells me to keep moving. I pointed to the door and said the person was coming out and he yelled at me to move along and drive around. He even put his hands on my car to tell me again - I said "fuck, fine... " and pulled forward. He comes to my door and says I tried to run him over and starts taking my license plate. What?! I wish I had run him over. Anyway - this airport is just as annoying as all airports are... unless you know of one where they don't give you a cavity search when you want to go to Hawaii. I am honestly not worried at all about terrorists. I feel no safer and no less safe now than I did in 2000. I would feel just as safe if they let us bring samurai swords and shotguns on board. I can rest just fine knowing the guy next to me might have 4 ounces of hair gel rather than 3. I'm more worried about what kinds of lice and shit live inside the pillows and blankets on the planes (they rarely clean them just so you know - only when the plane is serviced if at all).You don't need to xray my bag or boot up my laptop. I'm not hiding a switchblade or a bomb in my shoe. I don't care if anyone else is. If I die, I die. That's the risk I take. It's a miracle enough the fucking things stay in the sky considering Airlines let these things fly when they're held together by duct tape. I've tried to duct tape a pair of shoes and they didn't even last for 2 hours of light walking.Hey, the events of you-know-when were tragic... whether you believe it was an inside job or a straight up act of anti-American hate-fueled terrorism, I think we've suffered enough already. I say we lighten up on it. More people have probably died from second hand smoke they inhaled while on routine red-eye business class flights than have ever died from hijackings.
2	Sky Harbor is as big as the Sky. There is nothing convenient about this airport, and if I actually have to go to Phoenix, I would rather drive there then have to fly there.The gates are also far apart (read: just McCarran, because desert begs to be used). There are no rental cars anywhere close, which is amazing, because the airport is located in the middle of the city. The Enterprise rental car location is at least three miles away, which alone tells you how ill conceived this airport is.Last time I was there, the airport was on fire. Or maybe it was a few times back. And to add to the misery, I was usually flying American West through here.
4	I normally would give Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport only 2 stars, but today on a layover, I discovered they have free wireless internet in the US Airways terminal! (2 extra stars just for that!) My flight was delayed, but I was able to use the time productively! (Answer emails, edit photos, check Myspace, Facebook, and write a Yelp review!)Good lookin out PHX! But I gotta say... they need to improve the restaurant selection there, and also the insulation! It's always hella HOT when you're traveling from gate to gate! Come on, insulate that beyatch so you're not leaking out the nice AC! =)Stay classy Phoenix.
5	Is super awesome! You come there, check your bags, hangout, get on the plane and leave. When you comeback you repeat whole deal in reverse. Get it? As Graham C. said "I have a 100% success rate of leaving Sky Harbor on an airplane.Stop reviewing the fucking airport. "I ditto that - Stop reviewing fucking airport!!!PS: So, let's suppose airports sux. Ok, fine. What are you going to do?? NOT use it and drive to Chicago, NYC or Florida? Yeah, right! Who cares if its good or not - there is no other option!!!
3	This is one of those airports I've had multiple layovers in but that I haven't actually explored much.  It serves its purpose.
3	I'll review the airport if I want to!  dammit.Slowest security line I've been in since about 2002.  Not enough seats in the Southwest Terminal.  Delicious TCBY yogurt.
4	I've flown in and out of here more times than Anna Nicole Smith's pharmacists flew in and out of the Bahamas. I find the inside extremely easy to navigate while the outside a labyrinth of epic proportions. What lane do I exit to the 202. The left? Oh, now the middle? And then 100 yards later the left again? WTF? Is this fun for the traffic monitors as they scarf down Cheetos and Dr. Pepper all the while watching weary travelers zig zag the ridiculous signage. Services are average to pretty good in terms of bars, restaurants and shops. Not sure what the complainers aren't finding. All I need is a bar, a snack, the boob tube, Dramamine, the National Enquirer and that funny horseshoe shaped pillow that makes me feel like an idiot everytime I bring it out.
3	No complaints from me. Flew in and out on Southwest. Both flights were on time and not packed. Had some food on my return trip in the terminal, not too many choices. I guess it's enough for a small place like Phoenix.It's my #1 choice for airports when flying into Phoenix.
4	Sky Harbor is like a mall and an airport.  Heck, they even have an art gallery in there.What's even better is that Sky Harbor offers free wi-fi!  Lovely!One thing that was unusual was that when I needed to reserve a seat with Super Shuttle, there was no office/desk, like those rental car companies.  I must've circled the airport like 3 times before asking for directions.  Oh.  There is no office.  You just go outside and look for a dispatcher.  (Apparently, you're supposed to reserve ahead of time.  BWI & DCA, I heart ya.)  Other than that, nice airport.
4	Oh, Phoenix airport. Though you may not have me rising out of the ashes, you've talked me off the ledge. I'm not going to blame Southwest for my late departure or delayed flights. I should be at home already, but instead, I'm sitting here listening to CNN with a bunch of other exhausted flyers. We're all looking a little sedated now, instead of irate like we did 3 hours ago. You have free wireless, plenty of bathrooms and your staff is actually nice. They wait (even though that's making ME wait too, but oh well.) They explain. They help. Who knew? Then again, it's Southwest I'm flying right now and not Satan's shuttle in the sky (aka US Airways).It's 103 degrees outside right now, yet your lobby is comfortable. I may have some hives, allergies that won't go away and have been stranded away from the bf who is on another flight with his own issues, but I have calmed down in the last half hour I've sat here.My only issue: why ya gotta close the snack stations so early? Sure, conveniently land me at the gate I'm supposed to take back off again from but it's also next to Pizza Hut, Nathan's and a BAR....all of which are closed before 10am.I ask you, do you not get hangry past 9pm? Do you not get thirsty past 9pm? Do you not crave beer and weiners past 10pm? Sigh. I don't think I'm making it back to work tomorrow.
2	Why do airports have to be SO fucked up? I mean just to pick someone up is like this huge undertaking.. you of course have all the stupid people driving 2 miles an hour to find their loved one.. then you have the selfish pricks who wont let you over.. so maybe I should be Yelping asshole Phoenix drivers rather then the airport but I wouldn't have dealt with them if the airport layout would have been more conducive for drop off and pick up. Its a real cluster fuck over there!
4	I have to say, Yelpers. We have it pretty good in Phoenix!I fly a LOT. Over the last year, I've taken about  dozen business trips - a few of them multi-leg. In 2007 I took just over 20 trips. So, hardly a month goes by where I'm not flying. I spend a LOT of time at airports all over the country.When people talk about Sky Harbor, they mostly mean terminals 3 and 4. 2 is primarily international. 4 is the newer of the terminals. 3 is older, but still not bad. Southwest and US Airways use Terminal 4, both of which are popular airlines in AZ.Either of them are pretty good compared to many other cities. Especially terminal 4 which is crowded but plush by airport standards.Free wifi. Plenty of AC power plugs for laptops and other devices. Lots of dining options - both behind and in front of the security checkpoint. Clean and plentiful bathrooms. Sometimes the security line is long. Sometimes it isn't. It isn't the airports fault - they are all manned by the same idiot TSA employees, no matter the airport. The airport doesn't hire these mouth breathers, only the Federal Government is capable of hiring incompetents on such a massive scale. :) And they hire the false security guards for every airport. They'll give you and granny a body cavity search while the guy in the Osama bin Ladin t-shirt or whatever goes right through. Oh well!The luggage pick up areas are easy to navigate. The airport is clean. There are lots of parking options. We have the largest car rental lot in the country. If you're waiting to pick someone up and you're early, look for the 'cell phone lot' signs, and hang there until your visitor shows up and calls. It's right next to the pick up area. I mean- compare it to other airports. JFK? JFK is a dirty shithole with a serious mouse problem. O'Hare is a running joke. San Diego - all best dining options are outside the security gate. WTF?
3	Phoenix is the hottest place ever, next to the sun.
3	Free WiFi is always good, of course their food selection leaves a lot to be desired. Also, I wish people would realize "south western" is never a good look for ANYTHING.
4	why the fuck would you review an airport? seriously.
2	Least favorite airport in the U.S.Pain in the ass to navigate.  And that's all that really matters. Everything else is the same anywhere.  But PHX's crappiness doesn't really matter since you don't have a choice anyway. So what is the effing point in reviewing an airport?!  I'll tell you what the point is--I effing have insomnia and writing crappy reviews on Yelp while halfway awake is the only thing I can think of to do in the middle of the night. Cuz I'm tired of watching midgets selling real estate secrets and Joe Francis selling titty videos.P.S. I'd give PHX 1 star but it has a dog park and a Paradise Bakery.
4	I HATE flying, thanks TSA for making travel suck more than it has to. PHX is better than most because it has a waiting lot for people that are waiting for passengers instead of making them circle endlessly like vultures or park for $2/30mins. This airport also has pretty decent food for a decent price that's not the usual crap they try to pass for food for way more than its worth (Yes, I'm talking about you Houston!) The US Air line is always way long, but if you fly out of any other terminal, the lines are really tolerable.
3	HOLYYYYYYY CRAPPPPP was it hot.i landed in Phoenix to get a connector flight to Oakland. Don't ask me why I did it....(it was cheaper that way). Seriously though...there's absolutely NOTHING to do here and it was over 115 degrees outside. How do people live in this weather?!!!!!?It was unfortunate that my flight came in REALLY EARLY. i was stuck here for a few, "few" hours (let's say 5!).  The first couple of hours I was here...I managed pretty well. Grabbed something to eat at Pizza hut, talked to a few people, began watching a movie on my lap top. By the 3rd and 4th hour...I grew completely and utterly RESTLESS, and there was nothing to do here to put me out of my misery. Food choices were limited in the area i was waiting (TCBY, Pizza Hut, Great Steaks and Fox Sports Bar), and the waiting area alone was really small. If i were to ever be stranded in an airport...i would hope and pray to God that it wouldn't be this one, or pray to God that some ridiculously good looking boy (or someone really funny and interesting) would start a conversation with me. And seriously, can someone please tell me why I saw so many people with cowboy hats on? ANYBODY?!
2	So I fly on average twice a month. I'll start off by saying that it's all about which Terminal you use. If you're travelling Southwest or US Airways, you will unfortunately have to use Terminal 4. While it is the new and largest Terminal, it is also the busiest....by FAR!!!!! I can never accurately predict how busy it will be. On any random Friday, I can expect a LONG, SLOW security line-especially when I'm running late. I still fail to understand how they will only man 2 of the 3 i.d check stations when the lines are long......and don't get me started on the security and x-ray stations. I got to experience the awesome new airport in Singapore and thinking about while in line at Terminal 4 at Sky Harbor almost makes me cry every time.Where this terminal is the best is in the choice of food and drinks. This is where Terminal 4 shines. They close early though, so if you're leaving after 8:00pm, forget about a drink, Pizza Slut or Cinnabon.Terminal 2 is quite the opposite-fast and easy to check-in and get past security. It is a BREEZE and about as stress free as you can get in the U.S. The flip side is that there is ONE bar and it is lame. So there is absolutely nothing to do with the spare time you have, having anticipated that security was going to take forever after experiencing Terminal 4. So to sum up, Terminal 4 has lots of bars and food venues that you WON'T be able to experience because it took so long to get through security. And as stressed as you are after security, it really sucks because you'll NEED a drink-but your flight's leaving in 6 minutes.You will probably be relaxed with time to kill if you use Terminal 2, but HOW you kill that time is going to be problematic.
4	OKAY...So on my connecting flight home, i once again landed at Sky Harbor. I had a great weekend, i was exhausted, and i suppose I didn't have much energy to hate on everything.Second look at Sky Harbor, it's not so bad.  I suppose i wasn't in such a grumpy mood for having to stay here for 5 hours again.  Although I do still hold up to my previous statement that seating is a bit limited and that there aren't many food choices...but an airport is an airport right?  Unfortunately, I didn't get an opportunity to check out the Art Museum suggested by a fellow yelper (yes, they have an art museum!) but I was just glad to be on my way home. And this airport is HUGE. I was lucky enough to have landed in A second time around because my connector was in A, but last thursday, i landed in B and trekked all the way to A to reach my connector. It was quite a walk.
5	Flying 10+ times a year on average, I couldn't do it out of any airport besides Sky Harbor.  Using terminal 4 exclusively, I've never had a wait longer than 10 minutes going through security (Flying out mainly on Friday afternoon or early Monday morning.)  Food choices are plentiful around the terminal inside and outside of security (I am disappointed Burger King doesn't have the BK Stacker there.)  People movers are a quick way to get around or you can tip the guy to drive you right to your gate.  The decor is nice and warm compared to others (SFO.)Getting here is very easy and the Cell lot is a great place to wait for arriving passengers.  The $2 for parking is worth it sometimes just to meet people at security so you don't feel so rushed to get baggage and say hello.  All and all, good job Phoenix.
4	It's a good airport with a cool name.  Sky Harbor.  I haven't actually sailed on out of there, as airport security is what it is. However, you've got Free Wi-Fi Internet.  Free Cell Phone parking lots.  Free Starbucks.  Ok, I'm kidding there.  But compared to Seattle, you're not going in circles, you're driving in ovals, so it's somehow less dizzying and clear.  In fact, it's relatively painless in terms of maneuvering, even with construction.  Compared to Detroit, the renovation work needed is not way overdue.  Also, did I mention it has a cool name?
2	Not much to see here, really.  I only spent time in Terminal 3 as that's where Delta is.  OK, The Sopwith Camel was cool. Same thing with the plaster, Disneyesque fake rockface underneath it.  I appreciated the free Wi-Fi, even if you didn't have power outlets available. (Or if you did, I didn't see any in that nook next to Starbucks.)  But two huge negatives haunt me.  First, the entire having to go through security to reach your terminal thing sucks.  What I mean by that is, instead of going through a single TSA line and then having access to multiple options once you get past the checkpoint, you go through the line and then only have access to the options near your gate and only near your gate.  This is a major criterion on which I judge airports because if, say, you're flying a red-eye and every option in that particular terminal is closed, then you have to go through security multiple times.  I realize that there are other terminals, since it isn't obvious how to actually GET to the other terminals (unlike Atlanta's underground train), you're on an island.  Which leads me to my second complaint.Everything was freaking closed!  Yeah, I was taking a redeye, but at 10pm on a Friday, I expected at least ONE thing open.  (And not just the Starbucks.)  Maybe there are other terminals with options catering to a later crowd, but I fly Delta and, had I not packed a couple granola bars, the flight would've sucked more than normal.  So to people who decry Atlanta Hartsfield's gargantuan size, imagine the other option...an option where Wendy's and some random burrito place sit, darkened and mocking your hungry, hungry ass.Two stars.
2	lousy food, fox news blaring everywhere (what's up with that??).but free wifi.and a three-letter code that's fun to pronounce!
4	Nice airport.  Way too big.  I had to go from A27 to B27 to make my connection, and I had to book through the half-mile terminal a la OJ Simpson from the old Hertz commercials... leaping over luggage trucks, weaving my way through baby strollers, high-fiving the janitorial staff and heismanning the people from Southwest who wanted me to sign up for their credit card.  If you understood this analogy and remember this commercial, then you too, my friend, are getting old like me.
5	I have a huge crush on Phoenix Sky Harbor!I was in security line last week. Note the fact that I said "line" because there is usually none when I come here. There were only 2 security checkpoint stations open. I don't know, maybe 2 people called in sick because these things happen, right? The only issue I had with this line was having to listen to this Alex P. Keaton wannabe complain about the line. You know the type- bright little bushy eyed college student, dressed in his suit, acting like know it all who somehow find a way to share with some poor travelers-his major, his goals, and his opinion on how the airport could improve this line process. Anyways, as I am sure many will agree there are some airports in this country that border on total anarchy at all times..... So, yeah there was a line in terminal 4, but it was orderly, efficient, and moved fast. The airport offers booties and zip locks. Security smiles at me, asks me how my day is going all while maintaining order at the checkpoint.Arriving at Sky Harbor and need to catch a cab-no problem, its easy and you leave with a comment card. Guess what? I had a bad cab experience, I filled out that comment card and mailed it off fully expecting it to go into a black hole. Nope, I got an apology letter in the mail the next week. It didn't stop there! I got a follow up phone call to further investigate my complaint! Can you believe it- an airport that solicits feedback, and has a system in place to address issues that are brought to their attention?To give those who dislike Sky Harbor the benefit of the doubt I will say that maybe the terminal I use functions better than the rest, or maybe my love for this airport is based off the fact that I am from RI where the checkpoint security system is nothing more than a inconvenient joke. However, thus far I have to agree its the friendliest airport I have been to in the US.
4	I have always loved this airport just for its poetic name.  We discovered the first really good sit-down airport restaurant here in the 80s.  We flew out of Oakland to Phoenix the afternoon of the Loma Prieta earthquake in 1989 and I will always remember flying back a week or so later and seeing piles of donated goods the people of Phoenix had dropped off to be transported to the Bay Area free by Southwest for earthquake victims.  When daughter and granddaughter were living in Phoenix Alan and I flew here every other month to see them (except for the summer months...did that once and never again!) so this is a very familiar airport.  It's huge, 4 terminals in contrast to Tucson's one, but it's easy to get around and the security staff have always been friendly.  It's clean and attractively decorated.  Now they have free wifi, an excellent innovation.  The overhead announcements are in a mellow male voice, no knife-voiced woman as in Oakland.I almost forgot to mention one of my favorite things, the taxiway that crosses over the freeway.  I didn't notice whether we did it today;  I was too tired.  That's always been a little highlight for me.
4	Phoenix Sky Harbor airport may or may not be "America's Friendliest Airport," but it definitely ranks near the top.The security lines at PHX always move quickly and I have never encountered a "TSAs$*hole" at this airport. Further, the older volunteers are always friendly and helpful.In a city devoid of much "culture," I admire the airport's "museum" and its attempts to place interesting art throughout the terminals.Food options, while not awesome, are varied and acceptable (i.e. Wendy's, CPK, Einstein's, etc.). The best part? Free wi-fi! I don't mind getting to the PHX airport within the recommended two hours because I know I can spend time surfing the web or watching TV shows online instead of staring at planes for two hours. Unless, of course, the CNN on flat screen TVs throughout the terminals does not capture my interest first instead. When PHX builds its automated train to the light rail, it will truly be a world-class facility.
5	I have always had comfortable and easy experiences at Sky Harbor in the past, but I must say I had the best experience at the PHX airport last week which really topped it all off!Traveling at Thanksgiving time is not for the faint of heart with long lines, pushy people, and lots of crying children everywhere. Not once did I see the staff at Sky Harbor even grimace. Everyone I encountered was so genuinely friendly and helpful, from the rental car shuttle driver, to the TSA agents, to the counter workers. I forgot to remove my liquids from my carry-on (gasp!) and the agent who inspected my bag did so quickly and sent me on my way with a "Happy Thanksgiving!" I have had similar issues at airports in the past where a simple search may turn into an ordeal. The lines moved briskly despite the throngs of people and the airport is nice & clean. Terminal 4 has a Paradise Bakery and free wifi. I really couldn't ask for anything more.
3	It is absolutely no fun to have a connection at this airport! It was definitely  not designed to be "post-911" friendly. Let me give you an example so that you will know what I mean: We fly in from San Francisco and are told that we will have to go to another building via a bus. We get off the plane and walk...and walk...and then walk some more, looking around trying to find where to go to in order to catch this bus. Finally, we found someone who told us where to go. We walked and walked, and then walked some more until we finally caught the bus. We then had to find the correct gate and go through security again... Flash forward 8 days. We fly in and go through customs. (This, BTW, was a great experience because we were the only international flight going through customs.) We rechecked our luggage and are told that we have to go to another building. Yep, you know what I am about to say...we floundered around, having to ask where to go several times. Finally, we found the right place and got on the bus. It then proceeded to go to various parking lots, dropping off and picking up other passengers. My husband and I looked at each other, worried that we were on the wrong bus. Since it was already 4 p.m. and we had not had lunch, we were getting very worried that we would not have time to grab lunch. Finally, my husband asked the driver and he indicated that we were indeed on the right bus. We continued going around parking lots until we came upon another bus. The driver told everyone on our bus that we could sit around and wait for 10-15 minutes, or we could get on the next bus and get there quicker. Of course, we all grabbed our suitcases and boarded the next bus, which proceeded to take us to the correct stop (after picking up additional passengers along the way.) Next ,we entered the terminal and jumped on an elevator to take us to the security line. There were only 2 lines and of course, we got in the line with the family who had to go back 6 or 7 times because they kept trying to go through the security line with belts on, shoes on, liquids in  their suitcases...you get the picture! Anyway, we finally got to our gate and were able to grab a slice of pizza before boarding our plane (not before enduring the antics of a 70-year-old United Airlines power-hungry granny who couldn't seem to get her act together, but was determined to show everyone who was boss...)
3	Each terminal has a different personality.  If you live in Phoenix and fly often (weekly as I do) then consider using United which flies in and out of terminal 2.  It is the smallest terminal, has quick lines at the ticket counter, the security gates, and is comfortable for seats, red carpet club lounge, and has a few restaurants now.  Smaller is better at this airport.  Remember, Terminal 2......I told ya so!Also, when people are reviewing airports, why do they confuse the bad service from airlines as something that the airport did to ya?
2	If you are phlying so you can shop in an airport Phoenix is phantastic!If you need to phorce yourself to get more excercise Phoenix is phantastic.If you just want to get to your phlight Phoenix is a phlop.There are several terminals and the largest terminal has 6 or 7 wings that are spread really far apart. Two walking sidewalks apart just from the end of one to the start of the next one. I'm healthy enough to walk the distance without problem... but with luggage in tow it gets a bit old. Heaven forbid you have a quick connection. Phoenix is, however, a phenomenal shoppers paradise. Phabulous restaurants phill the space too. Overall if I had another choice I'd probably NOT go through Phoenix. If it's the best choice then I'd go with it and bring a manservant to carry my crap from plane to plane while I shop.
3	I only did layovers in this airport to and from Colorado from California, but I liked it. There were a ton of places to eat which was fantastic. Their flights left on time, which was kinda annoying when we got in 10 minutes late and ended up getting stuck there for almost 3 hours. Free internet access helped with that though. It's an airport I don't mind being stuck in for a bit.
3	This airport has improved tremendously. I used to loathe it. Now it's become a standard airport.  True, it's still hard to get from terminal to terminal. But if you had been here ten years ago, you would know that it has made major improvements.
3	Sky Harbor is a pretty good airport.  I have not yet experienced any airport related delays.  Why only three stars?  1.  The surrounding roads that navigate you among the different concourses, arrivals, departures, rental car returns, parking, etc were designed by an urban planner on crack.  I have been in & out of most of the sizeable airports in the United States and this is one of the more difficult ones to navigate around by car.  There are places where you need to merge into 4 lanes of traffic, get across those lanes and exit within about 100 yards.  Smooth.2.  After the planning was done the signage was executed by a team of drunken monkeys.  Some signage leads you where you want to go.  Some doesn't.  Some gets you halfway there and then vanishes.  3.  If my gramps had an airport, this would be it.
3	pretty decent airport.. never had any problems with the personnel... only complaint is that it could use a little more sprucing up.. the airport itself seems like its stuck in the 90's.. there is definitely a need for workstations in this place
3	I hold nothing against this airport. It's just that it's...I don't know...sprawlingly huge and it's not very easy to get around.And, you know, I am ruined for life. I will forever compare airports to PDX's glory (really, it is a NICE airport).That said, if I'd not been to PDX, this place could have garnered four stars. Because in the middle of what is normally rush hour, they were super fast checking us in, and the security check was really fast as well! Surprise, surprise!It's decently clean, although everything seems like it's old and kind of retro.And they don't have the people mover things in the aisles, so it takes FOREVER to walk somewhere (and the floors aren't flat, they sort of slope upward, which was weird).Oh, and if I ever had to drive here, I would be confused out of my pretty little mind because of all the weird ups and downs and ins and outs and merges and separations. Yikes!But still...I hope to fly back into this port sometime soon. :)
5	I have to give a good review to up the average a little.  I read some reviews and I think a lot of people have no concept of what makes a good airport.  Oh, and complaining about the security searches?  Not PHX's fault...complain to the TSA.  So, here's the good.1.  It's in the middle of the city.  I go to Denver a lot.  The airport is beautiful but it's so far out of the city.  I pity those on the SW side of the city.  But here in Phoenix, you can get to the airport in no more than 30 minutes even from the furthest fringes of the city.  From my house at 32nd & Camelback it's  a 10 minute drive over city streets.2.  It's easy to get around.  If you complain about this place, have you been to other major airports?  DFW compares nicely (entry from both sides, main thoroughfare with branches to terminals) but most are atrocious.  You can come in from the East or West...all airports don't have that.  Signage is very clear.  There are a lot of them, but they tell you exactly where to go if you just pay attention.  3.  Terminals are nice.  I'll admit, I only have small experience with Terminal 2 for a few United flights and I go to Terminal 4 for Southwest at least once a month.  Terminal 4 has nice new tile throughout, plenty of restaurant options with lots of space to eat.  Even Terminal 2 is comfortable even though it's older.  4.  Free WiFi.  Guess what...most don't have this.  DIA has it, but it's so slow it's worthless.  At PHX, it's fast and free and easy to connect. 5.  Workstations.  At Terminal 4 at least (and maybe this is a Southwest thing) there are tables with AC and USB chargers for those of us that need to work while at the airport.  Very useful.  In summary, if some of you used other major airports often you'd have a greater appreciation for PHX.  For such a major airport it is remarkably comfortable and easy to access/get around.  Stop whining people!
3	Yes, I love the free internet access.  Yes, I hate that the red carpet club closes at SEVEN PM.Travel in and out was much less painful on this trip, in fact I breezed in and out both directions, but I have three more trips out here this year so we'll see.I've got my eye on you Sky Harbor.
1	As far as gluten-free eating, this airport is TERRIBLE!  We were "trapped" in this airport for over 10 hours and searched it from end to end.  The best that I could do (to prevent starvation) was to attempt to eat at the Fox Sports Lounge.  The waitress had no idea what gluten was and I would most certianly not have eaten there if I didn't feel as though I had no other choice.  I ended up with a chicken breast (about 2" by 2" in size) with two onion slices and two pepper slices, and 13 pickles on the side (charged full price though).  WOW!  I was feeling healthy after that "meal".  Boo to this airport and its eating choices, Boo!
3	I love the Phoenix airport.  Living on the west coast, my options traveling home are usually to fly through LAX, San Diego, Las Vegas or Phoenix.  Phoenix is always at the top of the list - I love the free wifi, I love the people standing at the end of the terminal halls who are there to tell me where I can find the closest Starbucks, I love the windows and the large airy ceilings that keep you from feeling too trapped if you get stuck there.  And there's an Einstein's Bagels, which is awesome!
5	Convenient, modern, and efficient are some words that describe Sky Harbor Airport in Phoenix.  This Airport actually reminds me of a mall.  There is a whole area that has a food court and little shops for souvenirs.  Amazingly I was shocked to find that the prices for food was not outrageous!  I was expecting to pay $12 bucks for a sandwich like every other airport but they had a Paradise Bakery, Chilies, Mexican food, Chinese food and much more.  The prices to eat here is about a buck more that you would find at the mall.  The security check point was really fast and efficient and the over all decor and architecture was very modern and clean.  I would have to say this is one of the nicest airports I've been to!
5	unlike some airports where you have to pay for wireless *cough, sfo, *cough...sky harbor offers it for free.that being said, they had me at free wireless.in addition, they also have a wendy's...so not only can you write a yelp review, and/or update your facebook status, and/or tweet (twitter?) ; you can also do so while enjoying a chocolate frosty. with fries. not that that's what I usually do....glad that's been established. anyway, they also offer stores where you can purchase crucial items such as a cactus shaped lollipop or a magnet that says: someone who loves me went to arizona and brought me back this magent...thank you sky harbor for being the best airport on the west coast.
4	I've had a love/hate relationship with PHX that just turned to like.When I first started coming thru Sky Harbor about 10 years ago, the place really was going thru growing pains.  Security lines were the longest I've ever been through, especially with all of the seniors and vacationers who are not accustomed to flying taking their precious time, packing illegal things; you get the picture.The rental cars were in the adjacent parking structure, a 10 minute walk under a covered walkway.  It doesn't matter if it were covered, when it's 100 degree outside, you're gonna get hot.Fast forward to the present.The security lines are moving, thanks to more stations.  Shopping area before the security control resembled an upscale shopping mall.  The rental car area is a ten minute bus ride away, and is worth seeing, even I was impressed.  It looked like it's own terminal, with nice check in counters and an escalator ride down to your cars.  Me, I skip the counter and look for my name up in lights...that's how I roll.Now if they can get rid of those escalators and elevators that doesn't stop at every floor.
1	I like our airport, I think it is pretty nice. This is about security which I guess is a part of the airport. It is getting tiring. Old prune faced woman snarking at you, tiring. Say you have an artificial leg, you get the honor of being pulled aside. OK fine check the leg, but for God sake what is with this wiping the hands down and then the leg. I never see anyone else getting there hands wiped. If you do not find a bomb attached to the leg, leave the hands alone and lets just get on with it. Really gets tiring for a people who travel a lot.
2	If you haven't travelled much, you'll definitely be impressed by this airport. Your experience will likely be heavily dependant on whether you are coming in or flying out. If you are coming in, the whole pick up situation can be pretty frustrating because there is no waiting area for your ride, so they will have to either park or continue to circle the airport until you are out. Baggage seems to take an incredibly long time here, and I don't quite understand why because they only have one claim. It's all going to the same place... anyways, if you are flying out you probably will think it's a great airport.
2	Pluses: -Good central location, as opposed to some airports that are quite far away from the city they serve. -Easy to get out of if you are being picked up at the curb (although driving through the airport is a slow process)-Rental car facility is fairly new and quite spacious, but...Minuses: -Rental car parking facility is far far away. The shuttle bus to go from the rental facility to the terminal is 12-15 minutes, so plan accordingly for your outgoing flight.-Baggage check and Security lines can be quite long, especially at the SW terminal (C) in the morning. Here's a tip -- if the Gate C security line is very long, try the Gate D entrance. You will have to walk over to C but the reduced wait should make it worth it.
4	I fly in and out of here all the time and even though terminal 2 is a dump, if you're flying on Alaska airlines, it is quick and dirty to get in, out and home...
4	This is one of the better International airports in America.  The baggage unloading can be a slow process at times, but security lines, especially in the Delta terminal, go by in a flash!  My flights have always left on time, and I really, really appreciate the free WiFi!PHX is great!
3	When you walk into Sky Harbor, you are bombarded with declarations that it's the country's "friendliest airport". Huh. What does this mean? User-friendly? Friendly in a "you'll always feel at home here" way? Didn't really know, but it seems extremely important to their PR group, since when you sign on for the wi-fi, you can't change pages until you rate how friendly the airport is from a drop down menu. It might be doing a disservice by proclaiming it as the superlative of congeniality. Expectations run high -- at least by me. I found the free wi-fi extremely friendly. Yeah!! Star for that. I found the den-like check in area (at least in Terminal 3), not so friendly as it left me feeling a little depressed. The TSA officer who confiscated my 4 oz (apparenly it's 3.4 oz in PHX) Neutrogena sun screen not so friendly...but not malicious, and I guess I wouldnt be so friendly if I were charged with monitoring tenths of ounces hour after hour. The spoke-security system I found to be not so friendly to both users and retail. I never like seeing a plethora of places to purchase items BEFORE security, leaving you with only a few outlets for you to browse in your little concourse. I hate wondering, what do gates 1-14 get to purchase? Is my concourse more vacant than the others? Just put security before ALL the retail and let us wander a bit. Overall, not a bad airport. at all. the friendliest? i don't know, but the free wi-fi certainly made me leave with a smile on my face!
4	What can you say about an airport? I'm sure someone out there will find plenty of things to complain about but I have flown in and out of PHX for years and never had any issues. I even flew out on the first day open after 9/11 and everyone was great and things were running smoothly. I can't complain, they know what their doing down in PHX.
4	Phoenix Sky Harbor is incredibly well laid out like Phoenix itself. It makes sense with a grid structure.I've flown out of Terminal 2 and 4 and both are well equipped with lots of eating options and things to occupy you before your flight. Check in proved painless and security were even friendly!Buses to the rental car centre were plentiful and the drivers very obliging.Only downside is that it's huge and you'll wear out a lot of shoe leather!
3	Hit or miss - Terminal 2 is the armpit of the terminals, even after the renovations.  Terminal 3 is nice because it is so similar to Terminal 4 but with inferior food.  Terminal 4 is good overall with food choices and space, but then you're probably flying Southwest which is lame so no matter what, there's reason to be unhappy at Sky Harbor.Recent construction on the roads is a chore and I'm not looking forward to them closing the East Economy Lot in the future.
5	Had to update my previous review.  Forgot to mention that the prices at the restaurants are in line with off-airport prices.  Maybe not exactly the same, but way cheaper than most airports.  For instance, the Wendy's breakfast meal I just got was $3.99 for OJ, Hash Browns, and Bacon Egg Bicsuit.  In other airports that would be 25% more expensive for sure.  I heard from someone that worked here a while ago that the airport has an agreement with the vendors that they have to charge reasonable rates for all food and drink here.
4	* * For the home airport advantage ** For the free WiFi Knowing the security gates that are off the beaten path to bypass the crowds. You have to walk a little further but definitely worth the effort. Offering the free wifi is a huge bonus! I travel for work it helps my productivity. [in case any coworkers read this] The connection is solid and transfers data quickly. For those that are visiting here, they have a group of volunteers in purple jackets to answer any questions.
4	This is definitely one of the better airports in the country. It's clean, easy to navigate and offers a large variety of shops and restaurants. However, the majority of Sky Harbor's pluses are in Terminal 4, home to Southwest, US Airways, British Airways, Hawaiian and a few others. Terminal 2  is rather antiquated and Terminal 3  is "in between." The roads seem to be confusing for a lot of motorists, lanes merge, add and split every which way, and passenger pick-up/drop-off areas often have cars suddenly merging into traffic, all of which can make for a scary drive through the airport. Luckily, there is a light rail connection via complimentary airport connection shuttle. An "air train" is under construction, but it will be a few years before it's operational and terminal transfers can be a bit difficult as there are no walkways between Terminal 4 and the other two, though there is a walkway between 2 and 4. The airport is close to downtown Phoenix and Tempe, which also restricts a lot of building heights in the area. Also, being surrounded by the city puts some restrictions on the airport. It's very compact and handles a lot of passenger traffic, meaning the airport is frequently busy and congested. However, if you have a long layover or extra time to kill before the flight in Terminal 4 you will find plenty of dining/shopping facilities at the usual airport prices.
4	Flew in and out of here 2 times in the last week. Quick and easy to find your way around. Lots of places to eat and cute little shops to browse around in. Oh and plenty of restrooms too.Those futuristic things you can walk on to walk a heck of a lot faster come in handy when jumping from one gate to another. Its quite fun. lol.(Its like a flat escalator, makes you feel like one of the Jetsons)CPK Express has some great salads, sandwiches and yogurt parfait snacks for a quick grab and go.
4	Whoever designed the PHX airport, please come to SJC and do the same thing. This place is easy to get in, get around, get on the plane, and GO.The security lines are short and effective, the car rental shuttles and service were easy to find and quick to drop us at the rental terminal and back to the airport itself.Love the little stores, the little places to stop and eat. Super fast on the baggage claim pickup. Clean, nice, easy, fast, effective. All the things I would 'crave' in an airport if I ever really stopped to think about it (thanks Yelp!).SJC, take some hints.
2	A pain to get in and out of. I dread each trip I have to take to this place.
1	granted there really isn't another good choice for flying into phoenix, but if there was, i'd take it!  truly flying in and out of sky harbor has been a trying experience at best- and my home airport is LUV, people... not great either.  my last trip i was hospitalized the week prior and i was being wheeled through security, bandages on my face, jammies bespotted with old blood, baggie of pills in my lap, complete with a doctor's note.  they took away my wheelchair and my PRESCRIPTION cream to keep my scars from drying out.  when one of my prescription bottles fell out of the baggie and rolled to their side of the table they wouldn't let me have it back- i said that i needed it and they told me they could do what they want, including having me arrested for arguing with them and they asked if i was on anything... uh, duh!  my mother was struggling with the bags and trying to keep me standing; other people in the line spoke up and said they were being ridiculous- they were told they didn't want to get involved or they could be detained.  then they lost interest with me.  i had to walk to my gate, which was, of course, as far away as possible, and this proves difficult when you are drugged up and now crying as much as drooling- the drooling wasn't their fault so much as the surgery, but we'll say it was:)all that aside, the rental car situation... while being away from the terminals is good for steering away traffic, the cars are so far away you really need to plan ahead.  and the shuttles are not as frequent as they could be. (other than that, i love phoenix!)
2	Ok, let's try to kill two hours layover on PHX. It is dull and boring. You are hungry and want to find something healthy. I checked three terminals (!) for fresh fruits - nada. Only fast food, and even the chains (like Quiznos, etc) only have a limited selection. There is a bar/ diner with different theme in every terminal. Choice of 5 sandwiches - exactly the same in every single one. Errh. I settled with a fajita-bowl-whatever from a mexican joint, which was the single most disgusting fajita-anything I have ever had. Where is the second star coming from? Looks like they disinfect the bathrooms and they have a free public wireless network, which allows me to write this review live and outraged. You've been yelped!
2	This is just for the service at the US Airways ticket counter. I had to share.My grandmother, bless her heart, wanted to buy my ticket with her flyer miles. On Friday night we arrived at the ticket counter and they appeared to be closed. Though I believe that we went to the wrong counter. We vowed to come back at six the next morning and by golly I was up at 5:22 a.m.I'm not a happy morning person so I'm quite asleep. My grandmother is awake and on a mission. We pay $4 for parking and walk up to the ticket counter, no line, no waiting. Things are looking pretty good.My grandmother says she wants to buy a ticket for me using her flyer miles. The ticket lady looks at us and asks us if we had made a reservation."What, we have to make a reservation to come to the airport and buy a ticket?"My grandmother is irritated with the lady and it hasn't even been 2 minutes. She doesn't let this show, but I can feel it.I tell her I need a ticket from Phoenix to Dublin and I tell her Sept. 15."Booked," she replies."Well, try the sixteenth.""Booked.""The fourteenth?""Booked.""Try everything from the thirteenth to the twenty-first.""Booked, booked, booked, booked, booked, booked, booked, booked, booked.""Really? This is more than a month in advance? A friend of mine just bought a plane ticket to France three weeks prior to her departure date. Try another airline, maybe Aer Lingus. I found round trip tickets from $768 and one-ways for $459.""That's a really good deal you should probably go with that if you can get it.""Well, how much is a one-way ticket for Aer Lingus on the 15th of Sept.?""$2,000."I was afraid that my grandmother was going to have a heart attack. She gasped and stood there with her mouth open. We walked upstairs and sat at a table to call the flight fund people that were supposed to make a reservation for us and magically bestow the flyer miles.After giving the guy on the phone her life story for computer input on his end he asks, "So where is your grand-daughter going?""From Phoenix to Dublin.""Ma'am I'm sorry this is US only. I'll have to transfer you to our international department."I sit and stare at the people walking through the airport at this ungodly hour (for me anyway.)Now she is talking to a woman in the international sector for the miles.The woman asks what my return date is and my grandmother tells her that the ticket is one-way. I am going for school for a year and have no idea when I will be back.The woman kindly informs us that unless I am a citizen of the UK I can not get a one-way ticket to Ireland by using flyer miles. But I can get a round trip ticket and then just change the date for a fee of $275! And also to do that my grandmother is 20,000 miles short, she only has 30,000 miles which would have been enough for the one-way ticket.My grandmother asks how much would it be to just buy the 20,000 miles and the woman on the other end tells her that it would probably cost as much, if not more, than buying a regular ticket."Well how much is a regular round trip ticket?"My grandmother turns white as a ghost. She is breathless as her mouth hangs wide open. I am afraid her heart actually did stop.She looks at me as she writes the figure on the paper in front of her.$4,798.I tell her to hang up. We are going home and I'm going on the internet.I bought a one-way ticket from Phoenix to Dublin leaving on Sept. 15th for $530.Funnier yet, I actually got the ticket for the two airlines the ticket lady said was either booked or expensive... US Airways and Aer Lingus.Thank you Priceline.com.
2	I do fly frequently and I am not really a fan of PHX. Where do I start? Driving to the airport is easy. It is centrally located and I would rate it high in the convience department. After that, it's downhill. I don't park there -  I use a shuttle service such as the Parking Spot and get dropped off right out front. Much easier. Inside the terminals are good, most of the times the lines move, although why people cannot figure out how to use the self check kiosks, I don't know. It isn't rocket science. Security lines are rarely long and move quickly, but once inside you are stuck with limited services. Sure there are stores and Dick Clark's on the outside, but be prepared to fly hungry or wait in long lines on the inside. I fly Delta a lot and in terminal 3 you have a choice of Wendy's or the blue burrito...or vending machines...maybe pick up something at the newsstand...For me the major issues are driving through the airport. The terminals are not user friendly. They are adequately marked 1-4 and have north side and south side. When picking up someone ask which door number they are coming out of - because you cannot stop long. Once the wheels on the bus stop going round and round security emerges as if by magic to instruct you to keep moving. Sit there and ignore them long enough and the ticket book appears - that's when it;s time to circle again (thanks, Bin Laden). Terminal three has one inconvenient turn while you are waiting for emerging traffic during your continual loop of the terminal - I have almost been t-boned a few times there. Another thing I don't like is their short term parking - it appears instantly and goes up a ramp. It is always in a spot I am not thinking it should be, so I miss it. Instead use the cell phone lot and wait for your party to call, circle around and take your chances with security.On a positive note, the airport is a great place to people watch. I always follow the guideline of 2 hours early, so I get to sit and watch. People hanging in the bar getting drunk and forgetting they are flying when their name is paged, people late and OJ'ing it through the concourse, people wearing interesting outfits and being an international airport, you can see people from all over the world. Not to mention the occassional disruptions - is it a wonder SouthWest made a reality show about people in the airport? If you don't mind being hungry and bored, arrive early and watch the people. Some of them are worth the price of a ticket!
4	If you are looking at a connecting flight in Arizona and have your choice of Tucson International or Phoenix Sky Harbor, Phoenix is the larger and more luxurious sky port.   They have an excellent website which can make it easy to find some food to your liking while here.   I had the enjoyment of getting stuck here for about 6 hours but that had to do with Southwest and not this airport so I suppose that can be documented in another review... One thing that is nice is that you have free wi-fi here.  Every airport should have free wi-fi, come on...  This is the 21st century.  Have never had much of an issue with security here either, it has always been pretty fast an efficient.   It ain't LAX.  :)
4	Just flew out of the Phoenix airport... no really, I'm sitting on the plane, bored and Yelping.  I'll post this tomorrow...Sky Harbor Int'l Airport is a nice lil big airport that has some friendly features that are nice for convenience.  First off, all the arrivals don't have to cluster around 1 passenger pick-up area.  Phoenix airport has a north, south, east and west curb for pick-up.  Next, their signs for passengers waiting for a ride are clearly marked so you know your terminal, area and curb while you wait.  Next, their security was a breeze... but maybe I just timed my trip right.  And finally... are you ready for this... I bought an nice cold bottled water for... wait for it... under 2$.  No, I'm not kidding.Only minor irritation is that some of the bathroom latches don't latch well.  Grrr. (North Curb bathroom specifically)  LoLThis is one airport I don't mind so much.  According to Ron L. though, it seems like it's improved much over the years, so I'm glad to be visiting it now.See ya there!
5	I don't care for this airport. It's ugly (it's no YVR) and the food choices aren't great (it's no Narita - I'm partial to that Japanese food there), BUT it has FREE wi-fi, and for that I am always glad to connect through Phoenix. Plus it never seems to be crowded when I'm laying over there. I can roam around and find a seat with an outlet by it fairly easily. I don't know about the other parts of the airport, and again I don't care. The free wi-fi gets it a full five.
1	I try to avoid this airport at all costs while connecting to other destinations.  The terminals have no tram or train and are VERY far apart from each other.  On more than one occasion the people-movers have been down for repair which makes that feature even more annoying.The bathrooms have this hallway that is only wide enough for ONE person to fit through which makes going through with bags entertaining; especially when a flight arrives and the area is crowded with passengers rushing to the restrooms.  Yes, that's "one person" for both directions.Then to add to the fun there was a last minute gate change AND it took them 20 minutes to get the jet-way to the plane.  Good times.
3	Well we weren't delayed or cancelled so that's pretty good.  Not much I really need from an airport.  My needs are pretty basic.  A StarbucksA place to eat that is decentA barA clean bathroomMy luggage to arrive intactMy plane and myself to arrive on time and intactThe rental car places were off site and seemed a bit more complicated than they needed to beThe Phoenix ariport satisfied my basic travel needs.
2	I've never checked in at this airport, restricted entirely to layovers. What stands out, however, is how many fellow fliers I spend time with complain about the check-in service and security. I don't know what's going on from that side, but I hear it time and again.From my side, I can't help but notice that I have to change gates nearly every flight thru there. Since I'm usually sleeping, I've been lucky to wake up shortly before the announcement with time to make the gate-change. As has been noted in other reviews, the terminals are far apart and gate changes can be rather drastic.One big positive is the lack of arm rests on the seats. This makes it real easy for a peep to catch up on some quality nappage. There are also a lot of places to eat or drink at, all with the standard airport mark-up but with at least some variety. This 'port makes for an acceptable layover, but I've so far been able to avoid checking in here and suggest the same.
4	Pleased with the faster, free wifi here!Hot outside (over 100 degrees), a/c inside!!X-hausted from the weekendI'm at the airport right now waiting to fly back to SJC! This is a pretty BIG airport! I'm glad the free wifi here is MUCH faster!!! I'm also grateful to be inside the airport and not outside right now. I've had enough heat for the year! :P Security was quick and painless!FYI: For pick-up there are 3 locations (north, south, and east). So know where you are getting picked up ahead of time! :)
5	An airport in the US with free wifi is a rare find, so Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport definitely deserves 5 stars for this potentially life-saving service. At my terminal, there was a sports bar with college football on TV, a Starbucks and usable restrooms.Although my layover flight was delayed about 20 minutes, I was completely fine with it. My friend who got delayed at DFW Airport was less than lucky.
3	I cant really love you because every time Ive flown through you, Im on US Airways whom I hate.Strangely enough this brings me to yesterday when I was flying from San Diego to Seattle with a layover in Phoenix.Being as my flight left SD at 630am, I certainly was in no position to eat breakfast before leaving me to eat breakfast upon arrival to my layover city.As I am standing in the line, quite far back as I am never rude and on the phone in the presence of employees, I am checking in with my mother. She asks what airline I am flying and I proceed to tell her US Airways, whom I hate as they always mess up my ticket.Much to my surprise, a lady sitting on the other side of a partition SWATS my purse on my arm and tells me not to talk that way because she works for US Airways and she has a ton of good noes in her file. She proceeded to go on and on and on and on and on about this for a full 20 minutes.WHAT.THE.EFF??The lady in front of me was like: If I hadnt seen that with my own eyes I never would have believed it.It was bizarre.But I presume it is to be expected.Arizona is strange and every time In at this airport something odd happens!
4	When I was 16, we moved from San Jose to Mesa.  Being an uprooted confused teen ager at the height of his angst, I didn't really fit in at first.  But, as with all relocations, I met new friends and they had interesting ways of passing the time.Here's me waxing nostalgic, as well as dating myself:In high school, we used to drive to the airport and play Pictionary in the terminals.  Like, cross-legged sitting on the carpet in the middle of the airport.  Or, we would run around the airport playing hide-and-seek, or tag.  Those were the days of the Old Republic, when everything wasn't so paranoid and regulated.Today, the airport is mostly remodeled inside.  There's decent food and a little too much shopping.  It looks nice though; they spared no expense.My favorite thing is in the terminals, there are birdhouses high up in the rafters, and little finches living in the airport.  All these little birds flying around in the terminal...it was almost surreal.All in all, a good travel experience.
4	Sky Harbor airport all in all is not that bad. If you've been to other airports, you'll clearly understand why. On my scale it's a 3.5, but I had to bump it up to a 4 after thinking about all the other horrid airport experiences I've had elsewhere.Here are my favorite things about Sky Harbor:-- Traffic to the airport is usually not that bad-- Free Wifi, which you think would be common, surprisingly is not in most airports, but is fantastic at Sky Harbor-- Easy to navigate and get through security and where you need to go-- Clean-- Typically not crowded and not a bad place to be if you end up there early. I usually sprawl out, and sit and read a book, do some work, catch up on miscellaneous tasks very easily without feeling cramped or some person trying to strike up a conversation with meSome downsides:-- It's hard to find an outlet that works depending on what terminal you are at-- It's nice to have rental cars all in one spot but if you ever need one that place is like a bottleneck and it can take awhile.-- One time I had to go to the continental cargo facility and it took me 45 minutes to find it
3	Standard Airport.Spent 10 hours at the older section for a layover (the terminal with the mismatched carpets).Just an average all american standard airport, on the conservative side (with its grandma carpets).The only useful thing over there (if you are a smoker) is "the bridge"!It's a regular open bridge which connects between terminals & is the only place smokers can go smoke a fag.This Airport like many others is better than LAX!Yalla Bye!
1	Almost as bad as Oakland.  Constant gate changes (and the terminals are not anywhere close to each other).  We flew there headed to Puerto Vallarta and our gate changed twice - from B to A and then back to B.  Fortunately, there was a long layover.  On the way back it changed twice in B and then to A - we almost didn't make our flight.Security takes forever.  They pull over the single brown man to double check his bag.  They allow first class passengers to bypass the security line, holding everyone else up.  Then they allow people in wheelchairs to bypass the line (which is very understandable, but why do they only have two x-ray lines open?). There are tons of grouchy older people there.  I like old people, but the grouch/entitlement level was comperable to Dulles.  People are freaking rude.It is NOT the friendliest airport anywhere - unless you compare it to Oakland.  Compared to Oakland, it's not so bad, but I still won't be flying through Phoenix again.
3	The airport seems ok. A bit dark and depressing for my taste, plus the water is more expensive than Midway.Baggage claim is nicer than Midway, though! We got off the plane quickly but the monitors already had our flight listed and which carousel the baggage would be on whereas Midway didn't have the monitors and you had to mill around the carousels trying to guess which one would have your stuff. So that's definitely a plus for PHX!Visited: 11/14/09 & 11/21/09
3	Sky Harbor's aiight. I have no problems with it, but I'm not infatuated with it either. Driving through it is a pain, I'll leave it at that. The numerous curbs are confusing. Terminals are far apart, but that's not so bad. Security checkpoint C is annoying, and the TSA here are overly strict and lack IQ points, and assume everybody is a terrorist. Other than that, flights are usually timely, and there's plenty of places to eat and buy things. It's dark and gloomy, but it's never too crowded, even the day before Thanksgiving. Just your average airport, with free wifi!
5	Be thankful Phoenixites, most US Airports don't have free wifi. PHX is a great little-big airport. I say "little-big" because the airport has a small feel to me, which I like. It's not little at all, of course, it's just really easy to get in and out.Some gates are really dark, with only a few windows. It's a shame, too because this airport has great views of the mountain reserves surrounding Phoenix and Scottsdale. The trade off is a fair one: you won't be burning hot during the summer while you sit waiting to board that 1:00pm flight. At the end of each terminal (the last few gates) is large with windows all around. Excellent views.Every time I visit it seems like they're under construction/adding on, but I can't complain since my home is Houston Intercontinental which has a similar growing problem (if you consider growth a problem!)
1	Plus's  - Free WiFi, no arms on seats.Minus's - Long distance between terminals. Bus service between terminals slow. Have to go thru security again between terminals. Security checkpoints REALLY slow. Three columns for going thru security, regular coach, first class, parents w/children and wheelchairs. What this means is that for regular coach passengers it takes more than a half hour to get thru the damn security screening checkpoint so Good Luck if you're trying to catch a flight in another terminal.  Also, hardly any screens that show flight/gate information. If it's not on your boarding pass or if your boarding pass gate # is wrong, good luck finding what gate you're supposed to be on.
5	This is one of the best airports I have ever used! The best part is that is is my home airport. It is one of the busiest, and biggest airports in the world. It is serviced by all of the major carriers such as US Airway (Hub), Southwest (hub) Delta, American, Cont., United, Jet Blue, Air Tran, Hawaiian, and several more! The site offers FREE WiFi, plenty of top notch placed to grab a bite, or sit down for a meal. It was voted the "Friendliest" airports in America too. I can not say enough good things about this airport. Traveling is difficult enough, but this airports makes it a little better.
1	After arriving it is a pain to get the rent a car because they are located off site, and you have cross a few lanes of traffic to get to the bus pick-up. Every time I have flown in there have been long lines for the bus. Ride is about 10 minutes and if you don't get GPS you have to drive past terminals to return -- complete pain in the a**.It is also very confusing to get picked up due to door on each side of baggage claim.On the return (outbound trip) security can be a pain when flying AA. They are in an old terminal (no Admirals Club) and there is no "premiere" line. After cleaning security there is only 1 sandwich shop and 1 crappy little bar.The gates themselves are old and run down.I do remember the SWA gates being nicer........
2	Yes they do have free wifi.They also have wierd booze laws that require everyone to be carded but don't require booze prices on the menu. It's quite a shock when a Bud costs $8.50. WTF???The food is pretty bad and is all shut down by 9pm. Goodnight sleepy PHX!
4	I love, love, love that Sky Harbor is located IN Phoenix!!  That's right, unlike the Denver Airport which is located almost in Wyoming, the Cincinnati airport, which is in a different state, or JFK which offers helicopter service from the airport to the city ....  The PHX airport is IN PHX.  Great for visitors flying in, or for Phoenicians flying out.  Food options are decent (except in Terminal 2, but the convenience of tiny Terminal 2 is a blessing in itself), parking is generally easy.  Baggage carrousels are well marked.  What I don't get is why it takes so long to get bags from the planes to the baggage claim - after all the  place is fairly compact.  At least the drive home from the airport is quick
3	PHX is as centrally located to a downtown or to much of a market's population as any airport in the country.  Lines to drop me off at curb on a Monday morning were very long -- holiday and not much business travel.  Line at security to Southwest gate was very long as well at 8:30 am...15 min...when I got midway through line an employee told me another gate had a much shorter security line...thanks for letting me know (sarcastic)....not much choices for food after security but Wendy's was priced about like any non-airport store so not bad and lady taking order was nice....can't comment on baggage claim because I carried on
3	It seems as if my experience was not the norm. It was pretty busy while I was there, and I managed to get through security in just a few minutes. That alone substantiates my 3 star review. I wish I didn't pay for a wifi account, bc it was free here. Aside from wifi and my personal experience with security, it's not actually that great of an airport. I don't think it's very well laid out, the dining options suck, there isn't enough seating at many of the gates, my flight (along with several others) had to be moved to another gate.
2	For a really sunny place, this airport is very dark; the drop off point looks old and dark, the check in counters are dark (except for the lighting, of course). Is it to shield from the intense sun? It might be kinda nice to leverage the sun a little?Anyway. What really scared me were the BIRDS in the Southwest terminal. The staff seemed to think that it was funny to have a swarm of sparrows flittering around in the waiting area. Disgusting and Dirty. Otherwise, adequate airport, pretty fast lines and ok food choices
3	I've spent more time at the Delta terminal than the others, and it is  smaller and more limited than the US Airways Terminal, which is maybe why I haven't noticed the service as being that of the country's "friendliest airport."  The construction has made it a challenge to find the rental car shuttle since it changed nearly every month this fall.  All in all, it's small enough to be an easy airport, but big enough to have a Starbucks and well-located outlets.Pros: Free internet, cell-phone waiting lot with flight arrival status (so the people picking you up don't have to circle or pay for parking and they don't have to keep calling you for updates), well-queued security (so you feel like it's moving and it doesn't back up into the atrium).Cons: dated furnishings, limited eating choices, 5 minute rental car shuttle (not well-connected to the city)
4	Flew out to Phoenix for a company kickoff.What I liked:-pretty friendly staff at security-well-organized monitors for departures/arrivals and for baggage claim-free WI-FI, woohoo!-Cinnabon, TCBY, and Fox Sports Grill next to eachother; perfect grub for my 2 hrs in the terminal-great flora and cacti, always makes me think of this old-school Nickelodeon show:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6TFo5GukGkWhy no fifth star:-bit of a lengthy and confusing drive to drop off folks in DEPARTURES-watch out for the north,south, & east directions
5	I had the best airport Mexican food here at Sky Harbor. It was Taberna del Tequila in terminal 4 near US Airways.Never had any delays, staff is very friendly and I always meet a few cute girls when I connect here at PHX. I am a fan!
4	Skyharbor is one of my favorite airports. Not so much that I love spending a lot of time here, but in the fact that it gets me to where I want to go with less hassle than other places. In fact, in 2009, it ranked 3rd in the nation in on-time arrivals and 11th in on-time departures (out of the 31 major US airports).I tend to fly through Skyharbor a lot for someone who lives in the Northwest corner of the country. Some of this is due to my strategy of only connecting through warm-weather airports during the winter. This tends to avoid the episodes of being out on the tarmac and having the captain announce: "We're going to wait here a few minutes because I think we could use a second coat of de-icer." Or being delayed by freak snowstorms. Or icestorms. I've got a second correlary to this which reads about not connecting through coastal airports during hurricane season, but that's not really relevant for this review...Anyways, I'm going with four stars since this is the first time I've dealt with the check-in routine at Skyharbor. I have two minor complaints: the first is the actual check-in and the second was security.As for the check-in, it could just be an airline thing, but I saw this at several counters. They have the echeck-in booths, but were having people with luggage and carry-on both using these things with only a few counter people. What this does is make everyone wait while the (overworked) counter person tries to run around and check everyones' luggage in. I guess I'm used to having separate lines for those of us with carry-on only. Waiting in line behind the guys and girls with eight suitcases sort of defeats the purpose of travelling light (at least in this sense).The second complaint is security. Hardly a new complaint, but it seems a bit tighter here than at most other airports I've been through. In the x-ray line, the person working the machine was very slow and was calling for a bag check on every other person. I considered even jumping into another line to see if it improved, but figured that might be considered suspicious behavoir and get pulled out for some sort of horrific interrogation (*light shining in my face as a person in the shadows asks questions* "Doug C., I couldn't help but notice that you had a receipt from Taco Bell in your luggage." *slams fists on counter* "ARE YOU A MEXICAN SPY? DO YOU WORK FOR THE FEDERALES?")As it turns out, staying in line didn't really work much better. Despite not setting off the alarm on the walk through, I got pulled aside for a pat-down. (And, yes, I have been working out. Thanks for noticing buddy.) Then the x-ray watcher stopped my bags to have them inspect the fluids that were clearly dangerous*. But after listening to a lecture and promising to floss three times a day, I was finally allowed to leave and exit for my flight.I only have one experience with this, but I guess I could sum it up with: nice airport, but arrive early.-----------------*As shown in the equation: 1/2 sample tube crest + 1 oz. Pert shampoo = Pl-239
4	I like Sky Harbor. It's slightly hard to explain, because it's one those things you just have to experience. Stick with me.Some airports are just plain cold and dark...you can't wait to get on the plane or get to your taxi. But Sky Harbor has a good atmosphere. It's bright and open (at least the gates I've been to), and I recall a lot of nice carpeting being involved. Nothing wrong with that.There's also an indescribably long moving sidewalk which I quite enjoyed. One of those strips of moving traction that Ellen DeGeneres said is like a ride in the middle of nowhere. Truth. In a moment of blissful immaturity, my friend and I tried running backwards on them. It may have ended in bumping into foreign businessmen, but it was worth it.I haven't been to an extensive area of the airport, just a few different gates and restaurants which were in a reasonable vicinity. But everyone working there was very nice, and everything was clean and new. (For the record, this was last summer.) Perfect for a personal size Pizza Hut pizza (delicious) and plenty of seating (once again, at least at my gates and the time I was there), and everything went smoothly and friendly. That doesn't seem like good grammar. Well, that's a reflection on me, not on Phoenix.
2	If not one of the ugliest airports in the US certainly one of the most  depressing. In desperate need of some renovations, especially the outcast terminal 2 home to united & continental.  Driving around and out of the terminals can be a bit tricky and you may end up doing a few laps if you miss your exit.  Also, getting a rental car offsite can test your patience.  However, the short and long term parking lots are convenient and fairly inexpensive.And if you are in need of 1,000+ new pieces of luggage or some free stuff swing by the baggage claim and help yourself.
4	Holy Shit this sucker is HUGE! This place reminds me of the Lihue Airport in Kauai for some reason... but instead of super lush greenery there this green grass and cactus :-). Rental place is three stories? Tons of places and bathrooms (that are clean) Cute guys that shuttle folks around to their gate? Friendly folks who don't roll their eyes when you ask a logistical question?By the time I get to the baggage claim my stuff is already there?No luggage lost? Fantastic
3	I just returned from Phoenix on a business trip.  Sky Harbor is a very busy airport.  Everything makes sense when you follow the signs posted.  The layout of the airport is pretty simple as well.  It has three levels in terminal 4 where I was.  One bizarre thing I did notice was that you take an escalator down from level 3 to level 1, but must take an elevator to get back up.  And the elevators are not right next to escalator.  They're close.  You just have to search.  The information booths were very helpful in helping me locate them.The only bad experience I had was at baggage claim.  Some of the baggage staff were barking curses and behaving like gangsters.  It definitely reflected poorly on the airport.  At one point, I thought they were going to fight each other over a lunch break.  I also heard some older baggage claim staff complaining openly about how the passengers do not care at all about the way they operate.  They seemed very disgruntled.Security was pretty tight.  In Orlando, I had to remove my shoes to go through security.  At Sky Harbor, everyone kept their shoes on.  I was randomly asked by a security guard to hold out my hands so they could pass a wand over them to look for signs of chemicals.  I've never experienced that before at any other airport.  It wasn't a bad experience.  I thought all airports had the same procedures for checking passengers, but I guess not.Overall, it was a good experience.  It was A-OK.  I know they can make it better.  There was a lot of construction going on outside the airport.  Maybe those improvements will help with traffic and parking?  Next they might want to look at hiring some new staff or taking better care of the current staff at baggage claim.
2	Big, sprawling, very crowded and disorderly. On the upside, I'll guess weather isn't a factor here.
4	No, this is not Austin-Bergstrom with its clean, beautiful terminals and new-car scent.  No, it's not SFO with its classical entrance, singingly busy hallways, and cool aura.  It is, however, one of the most efficient airports in the country, especially considering the daily flight volume.I agree that PHX needs a makeover in places, but terminal four's D Gates are nice and new (and thankfully where I fly in/from each time) and the rest of the airport is far nicer than disrepair.I have never experienced major traffic issues here, and although parking is a pain with lizards and birds running you from place to place, it's certainly manageable if you simply pay attention.  I've never experienced a long delay as I have in Denver and San Francisco, and the turbulence is only kind of scary in the summer when its 193 degrees outside.
3	"America's friendliest airport"? Really?I disagree. I didn't particularly notice anyone being overly nice or particularly friendly to anyone else here. What I did notice is that they have the same selection of mediocre, overpriced "we have a captive audience so we're going to offer them crap and charge an arm and a leg for it" bars and restaurants.I hate to be provincial, but come by PDX some time and check out the local restaurants and bars and see how it's done. Plus a star for free wifi! Woot! Every airport should have free wifi! (I'm looking at you, SFO!)
3	I have been in and out of this airport for years. And never once did I realize that the terminal is equipped with free wifi. Every single time I come here, I always plug in my air data card only to watch it crap out after 15 minutes and then reboot so that I can get back on line.Well right now as of this writing, I am online and taking full advantage of the free wifi here. My flight is delayed.My Starbucks hot cocoa tastes odd (all airport Starbucks taste funny)The airport provides H1N1 flu shots on the departure level. The smell of the Nathans Hot Dog stand is very inviting.
4	Phoenix Sky Harbor is definitely the country's friendliest airport as they proclaim. Everything is well configured throughout the airport making for a smooth flow. Other travelers and airport personnel alike are always eager to help you in any way possible. The woman at the information desk was very nice in helping us find restaurants and getting us a baggage cart after we had landed, having had a couple hours to wait for my aunt's flight to get in from Minneapolis. Even the bus driver shuttling us to the rental car center (which is like an airport in itself in terms of size and shops and restaurants,) and the Budget staff were all nice and to liking about anything and everything, and of course, helping us with our luggage and car. On our return flight to San Francisco, the screener was very nice with a sense of humor which you have got to have. Thank you to the airport employee for directing us to Amazing and the wonderful saleswoman there who was nice; we talked a little about Arizona and San Francisco. So, for an excellent experience, Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport cannot be beat. I also like how they announce when you are coming to the beginnings and ends of escalaters and moving sidewalks, as well as which carousel to find baggage on the flights. Keep up the good work guys.! I am taking off a star because of the fact that you have to take a separate bus to go to the rental car center and for the immense noise at the curb which made it so hard to hear everyone.
4	Nice airport.Had to take 3 people mover walker things from "B" to "A".  It seemed like miles before I got to the A concourse.Fox Sports Club was crazy busy, but the waitress was nice.Took off on time (hell it was midnight, we sure as hell better take off on time) and landed in PHL on time!
3	The food choices are just so-so, although I easily found a cup of coffee thanks to my awesome new iPhone App, Gate Guru.  A must for jetsetters! The security lines tend to go fast and they have free WiFi, which I've found to be a rare amenity in airports.
3	Could have been a 4 star if they didn't take forEVER to get bags to the carousel.Free WiFi.OK Food.Central location.Car rental is close [but Avis was pathetic and S-L--O---W.Lots of cell-phone waiting lots.The bad.TRAFFIC.No mass transit worth a poop.
3	Sky Harbor...while you are not the most confusing airport I have utilized regularly, you can be a bit intimidating.  I have yet dared to park on site at the airport for I fear never being able to find my car ever again.  I pray when using you as a transfer site that I don't have to switch Terminals, the one time I did woah, almost missed my connection.  The security lines...you just never know.  I was 3 hrs early once and it took me 2 hrs just to get thru security and other times I made it thru in less than 10 minutes.  Now I sound ungreatful.  I should be lucky to have you in my back yard.  Having lived in many rural locations, I remember having to travel hours just to begin my journey here.
4	I fly - a lot - and I have to say that Sky Harbor is one of the better airports in the country. It's one of the highest volume airports yet it's reasonably well organized. I've heard that about 75% of the air traffic flows through Terminal 4 (that's where US Air and SouthWest fly out of). If you've going to fly out of Phoenix very often my advice would be to start using US Air or SouthWest because a) it's a hub for both of them and b) you'll have much better flight choices and c) because of the competition, the prices tend to be better. The other terminals, by comparison, are nearly deserted. Terminals 2 and 3 have very limited food choices. Terminal 4 has improved a lot in that regard. There is a lot of parking available, both on site and off site. The off site parking, naturally, is cheaper but you have to wait for the buses to bring you to the terminal. Compared to other airports of comparable size the on site parking is not that expensive. If it's a business trip and you are getting reimbursed for the parking, just park on site and save yourself the hassle. Honestly, the best way to get in and out of Sky Harbor is not to drive at all but to use a transportation service. I'm not talking about Stupper-Shuttle - don't get me started on them - but a real sedan service that will drop you at the curb and meet you at the security gate when you arrive back home. If you can, print your boarding pass at home rather than waiting in line at the airport. The airline clubs, in my view, are a waste of money. As another reviewer pointed out, the wi-fi access is now free at Sky Harbor. I used to belong to the US Air club but let it lapse. The snacks are not that good, they were charging for drinks. Unless you are regularly connecting through Phoenix how much time are you really going to spend in the airport? Now if you're connecting and have a long layover then it might be worthwhile but otherwise I'd skip it. I got a laptop stolen here once so a word about security. If you have a laptop computer, put it through the x-ray machine last and don't take your eye off it for a moment. Particularly if it's very busy.
4	One of my favorite airports to fly in and out of. Free WiFi, no strings attached. Also there are plenty of locations for plugging in a laptop or cell phone. There are ample food choices both before and after security. If I had one beef it's the rental car locations are offsite so you have to take a bus to it. It's not horrible, but when I come out here for a day trip it can really tighten up the schedule.
1	This airport is a joke.So there's one level for both departures and arrivals?  I can only imagine how cluttered this place becomes during peak-hours.  Once you're inside, you realize arrivals go upstairs and each terminal has their security checkpoint.  Why is this so complicated?  And the North Curb and South Curb?  Why?The whole place, inside and out, appears to be very cluttered.  Maybe I'm just spoiled by spending many years at JFK and LGA.
4	Been in this airport about 100 times and each time I have a good experience. Free WiFi with many places to plug in your laptop, quick security lines, and smooth baggage claim make this one of my favorite airports west of the Mississippi. A quick note: This airport is huge, so if you have some time to kill before your flight, you will have no problem entertaining yourself here.
3	I've never had a problem flying in or out of this airport. It's a real small airport and pretty simple to get around in, the only down fall I think there is with this airport is that you have to go outside to smoke, and you have to take a bus to the rental place.
4	Free Wifi?  Redonkulous!Seems like every time I hit another airport, the places known for free wireless seem to fall down the wayside. Sky Harbor is a early decade throwback that still finds ways to give people a great experience without ripping them in the process.The food options although not as varied as ATL per-se, they are much better than what you run into @ LAX or Dallas. I also appreciate that they at least try to keep the place decently clean.
4	free wi fi! thank god since i was stuck here for like 8 hours last night. stupid set up in terms of where the rental cars are in comparison to the actual airport. People are friendly who work there(which they pride themselves on) .Southwest you need to step up your A-game tho with them constant delays but thats a separate Yelp
2	Watch the signs for rental car return it is a little confusing.Took me 40 minutes to get from Hyatt place airport to rental car returns.
4	The free wifi that reached to the plane. Don't look at me that way, I turned it off when they closed the door to the plane.
4	I've flown out of terminal 4 & 2. Don't think I've ever been in 3. As a kid I used to love the moving sidewalks in 4. Now as an adult I seem to always fly out of 2.My last trip out went well. My flight was for 6:30am. I showed up at about 5am & made it to the gate with 20 min to spare. It was ridiculously easy to park in the West Economy lot & walk right to terminal 2.There didn't seem to be enough people working to hand out boarding passes or take your luggage you want to check. We had to stand there and wait for a while even though there were hardly any people in line at the time. Also, the guy that took our luggage was rather grumpy.The security line went well. The people working security were actually rather nice. I forgot to take my shoes off & the guy joked with me about it while I took them off.All in all, I've always liked my home town airport.
4	It's a great airport! Lots of places to eat and spacious (especially in Terminal 4). I like that the airport layout is very organized and really clean. The bathrooms offer seat covers, which for me is a plus! They also offer free wi-fi!The airport offers a lot of signs on the road to direct you where you need to go, just stay alert. If you miss your exit to the terminal or West or East Phoenix exit, it goes in a circle and you can just make another lap. It's a huge airport with 4 terminals and you definitely want to arrive 2 hours in advance. Sometimes the checkpoint stations take a long time to get through. If you are renting a car, there are well placed signs to direct you to the shuttles. It takes approximately 5-10 minutes from the airport to the rental car terminal.
2	I think this airport is not my favorite at all.  I think it is because the service is not really good.  You pretty much have to take a shuttle for a rent a car which is not close which is 10 minutes away for the shuttle in boonie land. So make sure you arrive early.  Hmm the people that work there are rude and the luggage on the chart really is slow. Took them 30 minutes to actually get the lugguage out there and onto the carosel.  Also, the security is slow. I remember they had only one openng and it went by really slow.  Then 50 minutes later when the line was jammed back, they opened up another line, but when I got there it was alreay too late. I never ate the food there, but anyways not my favorite to go to.
4	I am a fan of this airport. They always get me in and out pretty fast. Security here is insane though. If you have more than 3oz. you're shit out of luck. Those guys are good. Stuff which gets through LAX has not chance at Sky Harbor. The terminals are VERY nice in the Southwest area. Plenty of shopping and things to do. I got one of the best book recommendations from their Barnes and Noble. Only bad things are how confusing the roads are around the airport and the location of rental cars. It's like a maze. You can't talk on your phone and handle this if you aren't familiar with the area.Here is my best GEM of wisdom... if you are going to take a taxi- walk over to the other side and just ask the limo guys how much they would charge you. Often it's only $5 more!!! Can you believe that!!!???!?!?! I always take a limo if I don't rent a car. It's awesome and luxurious compared to a stinky taxi who drives you all over town to run up the fare. The limo is a set fee!!!
2	So much for "America's Friendliest Airport".So I admit, I reluctantly allowed myself to be shipped off to AZ post-immigration legislation fiasco, so I was not thrilled to be there at all, BUT whatever - it was for work, and well, it is what it is.I had to snicker just a tad when I read the logo at the airport - I guess when they meant that they're the "friendliest", they surely could not have meant their Gestapo-like TSA agents at the security checkpoint or the chick at the airline counter who yelled at EVERY SINGLE PERSON who walked up to her before she called them over, "WAIT!!! I'M NOT DONE!!" (I won't mention the airline, being that it's my airline of choice) -- so, yeah.  If the interaction with Security sucked, and so did the experience at the airline counter, not sure how many more chances you'd get to prove to the average traveler that this is in fact the "friendliest" airport.  Give me a break.
4	One of the airports that I have been happier with.  The lines were manageable and quick.  Going through security was relatively painless and quick.Also importantly there was free wifi in the terminals.  Adequate food vendors with a variety of choices.
1	I will never fly through here again.Besides being a poorly designed airport where to make a connecting flight you have to leave the airport via zigzagging and try to catch a shuttle (20 rental shuttle buses to 1 airport shuttle) to the next terminal and face going through security all over again.Security only had 2 lines and if your bag needs to be checked, there is only 1 guy there to do the exam, and he does it slowly.We barely made our flight after they called last call.Who cares about free wifi when you're desperately trying to run from one terminal to another??  There's next to no time to grab food or use the bathroom as you're struggling to throw on your shoes and stuff your liquids back in your bag in order to awkwardly run with your luggage to the plane huffing and puffing.
3	From the "Recycle Bin" of passiveaggressivenotes[.com]:PSHIA,Can you please help your anachronistic airport brethren realize that it is now 2010 and free wi-fi and sufficient power outlets are base expectations and no longer simply pleasant surprises? My home variant in a tech mecca can't seem to figure this out on her own. While I know that you all are not really a utility worthy of or capable of strong positive emotions like love and that the only emotional connection you can enjoy is depressingly based on the negative variety, her selfish needs are still no excuse.Thanks,Sean "Pre-3G" C....Otherwise, in a large, semi-sprawling sentence, it's pretty much just a large, semi-sprawling airport that fits the personality of the large, semi-sprawling city that it is slightly outside with specific amenities proportional to the size of the specific terminal with an anecdotal strong on-time percentage and unsurprisingly sweltering jetways.
4	When I used to travel a lot from Los Angeles to Ohio about 8-10 years, I often stopped at this airport because it was America West's hub and America West offered some pretty inexpensive flights.I have only connected in Phoenix.  I have never flown into or out of Phoenix.  During the day, the airport gets quite busy and that was the case on my recent visit.Because of the good weather and the manageable planes arriving/departing, I have not experienced much delays here, which makes Phoenix a good option to connect to the East Coast.  Food (from what I saw on my short layover) is pretty standard airport food stuff.  I saw some reviews that mention free Wi-Fi, which is definitely a plus.I've been flying in and out of quite a few airport terminals recently and they are all starting to bleed together, but I think it was either this airport or SFO where the bathroom stalls have doors that go all the way to the bottom (providing a lot of privacy).  That would make George Costanza happy.In the future, I would definitely not hesitate to connect through Phoenix to get to the East Coast.  Denver is also a good option (I would give Denver the slight edge because the terminal feels less packed and nicer than Phoenix).  O'Hare (Chicago) is probably least desirable because of the high possibility of delays.  I try to avoid Las Vegas as well because the slot machines always take at least $20 from me each time I connect through there.
2	Okay. Disregard anything else previously said. Driving in and around this airport is a N-I-G-H-T-M-A-R-E. Strange ramps that lead you in circles, easily missed turns, etc. Trust me, I've been compared to a human version of Google Maps, and getting lost is a once in a blue moon experience for me, but this airport has continually duped me. Looking for Terminal 2? Good luck.
5	This aiport is great. Secuirty is always a breeze dispite being in the top 10 busiest in the US.  Terminal 4 is great with multiple food options before and after secuirty. Terminal 2 and 3 are much smaller but still great and have food and lounges.  Terminal 2 has a military room and United Red Carpet Club.  Terminal 4 has 3 US Airways clubs there.  Best of all, FREE WI-FI.  They also have good shuttle service between terminals and the light rail to connect to PHX, Tempe and Mesa.
4	The best thing about PHX beside the unlimited amount of eye candy is the free WiFi and numerous electrical outlets.  This is a great place to have your laptop handy to kill a layover.
3	Phoenix, Arizona, Phoenix.  Quite frankly this airport is a dump, however it did have free wi-fi and air conditioning!  I will pretty much rate any airport at least a 3-star if they have free wi-fi.  Aside from that it needs a makeover like nobody's business.
1	The beach paradise of Ixtapa-Zihuatenejo awaited us....unfortunately, so did a connecting flight in ARIZONA of all places...Long story short....1/3 of our luggage did not arrive at our final destination, various articles of our clothing are still missing as well as my cell phone charger...not to mention security forcing us to open sealed containers of my son's baby food and milk for litmus tests...I looked on the bright side....at least we didn't get deported =)
4	As far as Im concerned, the only airport better than PHX is ATL only because they have a smokers lounge for us lepers!  Clean, roomy, well-organized, with great restaurants.  Easy to get out and in with the centralized rental car pickup and drop-off building (free and frequent trips).
4	The chick who emailed me to insult me in response to my previous review should be thrilled to know that I had to fly to PHX again yesterday and had a totally different experience - lines were short, security was cool and I was in and out in no time.  Turns out, not so bad at all.Coincidentally, I flew in on the same day you wrote me to call me a hippie!  So sorry I missed you.  Next time, I'll save up some welfare stamps and treat you to a government sponsored lunch.  It'll be great.Smooches!
4	Easy to navigate.Not too bad compared to the other airports
3	Not a bad airport. It is long so if you somehow need to ghetto th opposite end in a short time, you will want to book it. A shuttle will take you to and from the rental car area. The area with rental cars us kind of large.
3	Of all the airports I have traveled to, PHX is probably my home airport away from home do to my love/hate relationship with USAir and love of Southwest. Personally there is nothing outstanding about this airport other then it serves as the west coast hub for USAir and a large hub for Southwest. The airport facilities itself are nothing to write home about. They are the usual shops, restaurants and all things Phoenix/Grand Canyon but that's where it stops.... and personally becomes very boring. The terminals themselves could use a refresh/remodel. Maybe some new carpet, a little paint and some better food to choose from??
4	Efficient.Airports, in general, really suck.  They're crowded and smell like gas (or sometimes B.O.).  Everything is expensive and most people are grouchy, in a rush or both.With that already in mind, PHX has got to be one of the best airports I've been in.  I used to be here every week, twice a week for two years when I flew for business.  Sure all of the above cons exist, but this place is easy to get around, whether you're trying to drive around it or walking through it.  Add in free wi-fi and atypically short lines at the security checkpoints, you have a heck of a great airport.  Now, if they would only make McCarran this efficient.
3	'Cause I'm leaving on a jet plane...but I normally know when I'll be back again. This is what I like the Phoenix airport the most...I like it when I'm leaving to go somewhere fabulous and fun. But while that only happens here and there and I can't judge an airport based on where I'm flying to, this review will be about the airport and not my traveling adventures. I'll start with my likes.  - I like that they have some reasonable parking options that don't leave you $25 poorer everyday your motorized vehicle sleeps over. - I like that they have a Paradise Bakery - I like that they have a Borders Bookstore. My pocket book doesn't. - I like that they have Cold Stone Creamery. My waistline doesn't. - I like that on most occasions, I can get through security in under ten minutes, but I might have to give the crappy economy a point for this one. - I like that they have free wi fi. - I like that the flights are normally on-time. - I like that the staff is friendly What I don't like...If Phoenix International Airport was the only airport I'd ever visited, I'd probably give it four stars, but unfortunately I've seen what a truly fabulous airport can look like (I'm talking about you, North Carolina Airport and you SFO International Airport...the list continues) I don't really like that the food varies based on the terminal. For example. I love frozen yogurt...as if you couldn't tell. Well, TCBY is only in terminal A (I think) but I'm always sent to terminal C or D...so then fro yo is a no go and my sweet tooth argues with me the rest of the trip. I don't like how incredibly creepy the airport feels after 9 pm. Every time I've taken a red eye, the airport was eerie and nothing was open for me to get a drink or snack. I thought the airport knew the term "midnight snack." I think that's about it what my likes and dislikes. When it comes down to it, the airport does its job --- it sends people to their destination and it welcomes them when they come home. I guess they shouldn't make it too comfortable because then they'd find lurkers trying to eat at the restaurants all the time instead of just when they are in fact traveling.
3	Customs line moves super quick, I wish I can say the same for security.  The line for security was so slow we almost missed our connecting flight.  Didn't realize how fast I can run barefoot to our gate.
2	Had a layover here....3 hours!!!! Did not enjoy it. Bathroom floors are sooo sticky and dirty. There are no really good places to eat. When you book a flight advice is to avoid this airport!!
3	This is not the place you want to be if you have a tight connection flight. This airport is really spread out, and there aren't any navigation maps around to tell you the quickest path from one terminal to another. They have the nice little conveyor belts to move you along more quickly if you're in a hurry, but I bet they would be more efficient if 3/4 of them weren't broken down when I was there.The restaurant selection and stores are so-so at best, and if you find one you like you better eat at it now, because who knows if there is another one in the airport? You'd most likely have to go on a 30 minute hike to find out if there's one closer to your terminal before realizing there isn't and you're forced to eat at someplace else which is more expensive and not as tasty in order to avoid missing your flight.The good thing about this place though is that everyone I met who worked there was incredibly friendly. One employee even got me on an earlier flight since I was sitting at my gate in the terminal and she clued me in that there were 30 open seats on a flight to my destination that was currently boarding if I wanted to go hop on.Overall, I won't complain about having to fly through here, but I won't go out of my way in which to do so.
4	While rushing to my flight today and worrying that I might just not make it this time, Sky Harbor showed me why they are known for having such friendly staff. As I ran through the terminal with bags in hand, a friendly staffer grabbed one of my bags and ran with me. Then as I nervously waited for my bags to get checked, another friendly staffer reassured me that I wasn't that late...I hadn't even reached the rushed check in status that comes 15 minutes before the flight! Everyone was accommodating and smiling as I went through the terminal. So, while Sky Harbor has its ups and downs, the smiling staff always reassures me that at the end of the day, we'll all hopefully get to where we are going.
3	You know, Jimmy Eat World once wrote a song about this airport. "So here I am above palm trees so straight and tall. You are smaller, getting smaller. But I still see you." Well, if you're seeing her, it's probably because you're on psychedelics or have bionic man vision. Otherwise, be glad as she leaves your field of vision, because Phoenix is a huge blazing ball of scum-devil fire and the faster you leave, the better. Sky Harbor can help you with that. The End.P.S. The airport itself is pretty nice!
4	Review #100That's right... I AM a fan of my hometown airport. Free WiFi...Paradise Bakery...Plenty of Starbucks...A First Class/Preferred Status Line at Security...If you have a Club Card, the US Airways Club Lounge in the A Gates is better than the other PHX US Air Club Lounges. Just sayin'.... (that's my preference).
3	Food selection on Terminal 4 B gates suck. Other gates are better... free wifi gets it 3 stars. Better food is needed!
3	Sky Harbor is A-OK.This could change over time. It could become "Meh, I've experienced better." Or, it could become "Yay! I'm a fan."I'm not holding out much hope, but if suddenly Light Rail puts a station at the end of my driveway with a non-stop to Terminal 4, then Sky Harbor becomes a "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"
5	Great airport. One of my favorite airports to travel through.
4	My 4-star review is based solely on Terminal 4.  Terminal 3 might be worthy of 3 stars, although it's been years since I've used it, Terminal 2 is definitely only worth 2 stars, and Terminal 1 probably only gets 1 star for being either non-existent or closed to the public.Here's my take on Terminal 4:A couple great food options -- I prefer the little Mexican Food restaurant by the D gates, or else I'll usually just try to grab something at Paradise before heading through security.  I try to stay away from all the HMS Host places except for the little walk-up burrito window, but when I really need a drink, I just remember that a beer/whiskey combo is the best value.When traveling on business, I love the fact that I can park right above the terminal, hop on an elevator, and be at my gate in a few minutes.  When traveling with the family, however, I think the off-property parking businesses do a far better job of getting you to Terminal 4 in a hurry. Never again will I use the airport's long term parking (although, I would still consider it at Terminal 2 because it's so convenient).If I were a tourist, I would be thrilled at the fact that Sky Harbor has a Heard Museum-affiliated gift shop and an AZ Highways shop in Terminal 4.  These are my favorite places to get genuine AZ stuff.
4	Pain to get from terminal to terminal but lots of good help and food
4	I'm a frequent traveler as well, and I must say - the layout and ease of Phoenix Sky Harbor is far better than most airports I've been to. At first, driving through the terminals were kind of confusing to me but then you get used to it and find out that it's just a big loop. Anyway, I've never had a problem going through security which is a big plus for me. Other airports I've been to (*cough, LAX) could give a rat's ass if people are taking too long or holding up the security line.The food and entertainment chocies are kind of meh, but all in all - FREE WiFi! If anything, that should be enough to give this place at least 3 stars. Nothing worse than getting stuck at the airport with nothing to do! Sure, I could read a book...but that's not as fun as watching a cool movie on your laptop or phone and have people trying to peek over your shoulder...
3	I have been through plenty of airports around the world and I have to say that this one is on the better end. It is easy to navigate, clean (from what I have experienced), and makes getting to and returning rental cars a breeze. As in most airports, those who are not used to recent travel REALLY hold up the security check line. I would think they would want to be prepared and get through that check as quickly as possible and I held my breath when one young lady came back out in search of a 1 quart zip lock bag, fearing that we would have to evacuate the terminal for her breech, but we were all able to make our flights. A word to pet lovers who insist on traveling with their four-legged friends: allergies and asthma plague a large number of people and difficulty breathing caused by YOUR pet presents an unexpected glitch in their travel day. PLEASE CONSIDER LEAVING YOUR PETS AT HOME. An unplanned trip to the ER as a result of YOUR inconsideration should be YOUR responsibility. What do you say about that, health care providers??? In all my travels, this has been the only time I have been stuck behind the hairiest cat I have ever seen in my life because its owners had more baggage than humanly possible to manage. Clueless to others distress as the owners, their pet left wheezing, sneezing, itching, gasping travelers in its wake. Are you from Naperville?
4	It's an airport.  It sucks sometimes and it sucks less at other times.
3	It's a whopper, but they definitely live up to their reputation as America's friendliest airport.  Even the security checkers were kind and conversationalists.  Make sure you budget plenty of extra time, especially if you're renting a car on location.  The rental car area is WAY off site.  The good news is that there's a line of three shuttles rolling by, almost as if they are on a continuous conveyor belt.  Terminal C's TCBY was a good surprise, but if you can swing the time, grab some Cold Stone Creamery before going through security.
4	Parking's always been easy here. The airport is enormous so arrive with plenty of time to walk across to your gate!
2	Being stuck in terminal 3 is an awful experience.  If it weren't for my notebook and the free WiFi, I'd be screwed.There's only a Starbucks, a Wendy's, and Blue Burrito as eating options.  There's also a bar which is average at best for an airport bar.  There's a few more selections back before security, but I really don't have the desire to go through security again when I need to go back.  Especially since they had to test my TSA Approved bottle of contact lense solution.  The only other saving grace is the fact that I'm not stuck in terminal 2.When at Sky Harbor, try to fly an airline that goes through Terminal 4.
4	Free Wifi deserves a full four stars.  The layout, shops and restaurant choices are not world-class, it's mid-range level, architecture is plain, but I can't complain: free WiFI!Free WiFi alleviated the frustration when United Airlines delayed my flight back to SFO, not once, but twice.  I insist to fly United Airlines due to the Star Alliance partners:  Lufthansa and Turkish Airlines - so I suffer.The airport staff is friendly, restaurant and establishment folks provide a hospitable service with a warm smile and genuine heart.  I'm really impressed by the Southwestern hospitality, I am so loving it.Although I wish I was stranded in a European or cosmopolitan airport hub, free WiFi sufficed to keep me busy and productive.In addition to not being a world-class airport, less one star because of the crowd - male species - I hate it when I get these pickup lines and eager smiles from men (who I have nothing in common with) who even think I'd respond - yuk.  If I was in Europe, I'd smile back, or elsewhere international - oh please - leave me be to work - don't block my sun!But free WiFi captivates this geek's heart!Did I say, free WiFi - you just made my Southwest Friday afternoon.
4	I'm a weekly regular as business traveler. I love how easy it is to get through this airport, if It wasn't, I'd probably quit my job. Most of the time I travel is on the west coast so I mostly go Southwest, terminal 4. Terminal 4 is probably the larger of the 3, and can be a bit overwhelming at first, southwest, US Air are the two big airlines that fly out of this terminal. I love that SW has outlets now so you can charge your cell phones and knock out some work on your computer Quick tip is to pack light, print your boarding pass b4 hand and head straight up to level 3 and go directly to gate. Sunday afternoons/evening and Monday morning are high traffic tine so I avoid flying on those days as well as weekday early am flight before 9am, anything after 9 is a breeze. Utilize east economy parking $8 day vs terminal overnight parking @ $25 day (ouch), Buses run every 10 min, I've never had to wait to long. The Gecko bus which is the west side of the lot has a quicker bus route (avoiding the overflow lots) like the Roadrunner. Allow for extra time due to the construction going on at airport.
1	I'm angry at this airport for only one important reason:Upon transferring from LAX to Phoenix to Raleigh-Durham, they lost my luggage. Yes, it was recovered a day later, but trust me, there's a lot of frustrating paperwork and issues associated with recovering lost luggage when you live 90+ miles from the airport...
4	Hard to give an airport a bunch of stars but sky harbor is alright in my book.  I always get through quick.  Can't wait for the renovations to finish and the new concessions policies to go in place.
3	Phoenix Sky Harbor has been my departure and final destination a couple times, but I've most been here for layovers.To me Sky Harbor defines the idea of an airport. It's fairly convenient, always crowded and very spread out. It's not interesting in anyway and basically serves it's purpose. Sunday nights are an especially busy time that I've had layovers at Sky Harbor. Many business travelers make their weekly commutes through Sky Harbor and the crowds are big as a result. The plus side of this is because the fact that this place gets so much traffic, there are lots of amenities and places to grab food and drinks. I've never had trouble finding a coffee or a magazine in any of Sky Harbors terminals.I'd say one of the bigger drawbacks are the airport's small gate sizes and lack of seating. I always see tons of people packed around the gates with nowhere to sit down before their flights. All in all though, Sky Harbor is a decent airport, especially if Phoenix isn't your final destination.
4	phoenix sky harbor international airport is a very big airport!i accidentally told my husband that he didn't need to pull to the right lane, and we passed the terminal we were supposed to go to. we didn't see any signs saying that you could loop around, so we ended back up on the freeway trying to get back in the right direction. luckily, i made it to my flight on time.it was a breeze to go through security. the shops in the airport were pretty nice. i'm glad they had a novelty arizona shop because i needed to pick up some last minute gifts for people back home. the gates are easy to find, and there's lots of seating for all the passengers waiting at their gate.also, they have outlets so you're able to plug your laptop in before you board your flight to your destination. glad i land here when i arrive in arizona!
4	PHX is a smooth running, efficient, clean airport I actually enjoy flying in and out of.  Kudos to everyone at PHX International for their great work.
2	Wow.. talk about a mess.  I recently had the ...joy or something like that... to fly in, cart a number of friends around, and fly out of this airport.. When I landed the first thing I noticed was the fact that the airport looked like it hadn't been updated since about 1992.. I was waiting for someone to pull out a huge cell phone to make a call.. it was also about 85 degrees inside.. hello AC? My next encounter with this lovely place was picking up my friends, as long as you fly United or Continental I've got no complaints, because they are located in Terminal 2 (where the hell is terminal 1?  it goes 2, 3, 4) but if you happen to fly into one of the other 2 getting to and from them is a mess.  One day I had to drop a person off at 3, then go back to 2, and finally end at 4.  I think I looped the airport 18 times to try and find the correct route to do this.. The only positives I've got about this place are the free Wi-Fi, a billion food options, and the ease of security.
2	Wow.. talk about a mess.  I recently had the ...joy or something like that... to fly in, cart a number of friends around, and fly out of this airport.. When I landed the first thing I noticed was the fact that the airport looked like it hadn't been updated since about 1992.. I was waiting for someone to pull out a huge cell phone to make a call.. it was also about 85 degrees inside.. hello AC? My next encounter with this lovely place was picking up my friends, as long as you fly United or Continental I've got no complaints, because they are located in Terminal 2 (where the hell is terminal 1?  it goes 2, 3, 4) but if you happen to fly into one of the other 2 getting to and from them is a mess.  One day I had to drop a person off at 3, then go back to 2, and finally end at 4.  I think I looped the airport 18 times to try and find the correct route to do this..The only positives I've got about this place are the free Wi-Fi, a billion food options, and the ease of security.
5	How many times have I been here? You can't even imagine. I think Sky Harbor is a great airport. The signage is easy, people are polite, and the airport is easy to figure out. I am an Arizona native and can still remember being able to go on top of the roof on what is now terminal 2 and watch planes take off and land. There is a lot of construction going on right now but the airport is still easy to navigate. You can go on top of the parking garages and watch the airplanes take off and land. The mountains surrounding the airport make for great backdrops as the planes make their ascents, and descents.
4	What's there to say?PHX is a nice airport, food choices decent, bathrooms clean.Need more seats in certain boarding areas, and the free wifi wasn't working properly...ah well.  Beggers can't be choosers, right?
4	Fast and Easy. Easy to get in and out of. It is a short drive from Ahwatukee. I wish the lightrail would cruise in there like they do in Orlando. HMS Host has a strong hold here, and a lot of the place is run by them. I would like to see more outlets for getting a quick cell phone charge. Overall Sky Harbor is very good at getting people in and out.
2	Having to travel through Phoenix Sky Harbor is like having to kiss your Great-Aunt Beatrice at Thanksgiving dinner--It leaves you feeling dirty, tired, and a little confused, but you eventually just do it and dread the next time it happens.Simply flying into and out of the airport isn't as bad as connecting there. And for the initiated it's probably not too bad. But for someone who only flies here once or twice a year, it's a painful experience. It's precision maneuvering to get to the right curb, awkward layout of ticketing, and then a total disconnect in flow from the ticket counter to security.Once at security, triple check your ticket to make sure you're at the right security gate. Whereas other airports are laid out to have only 1-3 security gates that pretty much lead to any gate, you best pay attention because each security station only serves a handful of gates. I know this isn't a hard thing to do, but it's just another nitpicky step that makes flying here a pain.Connections are the greatest downfall of this airport. If you're lucky, you may fly in to, say, gate A18 and then connect to gate A22. No big deal. A few months ago I flew into gate A30 and out of gate B20. Doesn't seem like a big deal? They're 47 miles apart. Okay, not really. But it was a loooong walk with only a couple of moving sidewalks thrown in. And don't even try to consider moving between terminal 2, 3, or 4. It would be faster to just walk to your destination city than navigate that mess.I'm not too picky about my food options, but PHX falls short here too. Yes, it's overpriced, yes it's lousy, but even here there are less options than normal.What I do like about Sky Harbor is the addition of free wifi. And it's pretty good wifi. Fast and easy to log in. Big plus in that category.Not sure what else they can do to make things better. Most of the problems are caused by the layout. I don't like to fly here, but sometimes you just have to suck it up and kiss Aunt Beatrice.
4	Efficient airport. I made a 40 minute connection with loads of time to spare. The Southwest terminal is easy to use and right near the takeoff runway, so I didn't get delayed. Terminal is a bit dull though. Except for the Scooby Doo cartoons for the little kids right in front of my gate.
2	C concourse has no internet signal.  Anyone interested in a hot dog eating contest at Nathan's? No waiting.
4	You'll appreciate the decent food options, free WiFi, and ample seating before you pass through security (but alas, not so great after). The security line is hit or miss. Last time I got called out for hair product (Bumble and Bumble, I'm fancy yo!), but the gentleman was super nice about the whole thing and clearly felt bad throwing out my $20 worth of overpriced glue. PHX is typically busy, but not overwhelmed making it one of the more pleasant airports I frequent...
5	First things first... FREE WIRELESS?!!! I love you Sky Harbor. I don't travel very often for work but when I do I always end up having to pay $6 for 2 hours worth of wireless, and I often only get to use about 45 minutes of that before I have to board my flight. This does not make me happy.So free wireless would get you 5 stars in my book, but add on the fact that it was the fastest check-in and security process I've ever been through (on a Friday morning no less!!), makes me love this airport. Hopefully I will get to come back to Phoenix Sky Harbor because although I'd never thought I would say it, this airport made travel a pleasant experience!Go Phoenix!
4	Good:1. Free wifi, supposedly2. Clean3. Fast security4. Nice Terminal 2 bus driver took me to Terminal 4 when I got on the wrong one. Otherwise, would have missed my flight.5. Shuttles from rental car center about every 5-10 minutes, trip to airport takes about 10-15 minutesBad:1. not much
5	Short security lines, friendly personnel, and free wifi. I frequent many airports, and pHX ranks pretty high.
3	I was there for an hour, in between flights.  It has bathrooms, planes, overpriced food and gift stores, and is moderately clean and well tended.
3	Free wi-fi. Decent food court. Easy to get around from terminal to terminal.It's what you want (and should kinda expect) from an international airport.There are very convenient trams that go from Sky Harbor to downtown Phoenix or Tempe. If you're going to ASU for a conference, or something, this is one of the perquisites you should be aware of.
3	Fairly easy to navigate.  Shopping has quite a selection but expensive.  Damn they have a sales tax down there.  No buying for me then.  I hate that the car rental is 5 miles from the friggin airport.  It takes another 50 or so minutes to get a rental car after you land.  Joy..  The moving walk ways seldom work.  All in all not that great of an airport.
4	For the past 10 years, I'm gonna say on average I fly in and out of Sky Harbor about a dozen times a year. I honestly can't remember the last time I've flown another airline other than Southwest (or occasionally US Airways/America West) so pretty much this entire review is for terminal 4, which IMO is pretty nice. It's clean, the lines move pretty fast (whether it's for security or to check-in), and there's a lot of different food options. Speaking of food options, one thing I do recommend (time permitting) is the food court BEFORE the security check. There's a lot of options here. Off the top of my head Paradise Bakery, Chili's, & Flo's come to mind, but I know there's a lot more. That's not to say you don't have options once your past security (Nathan's, Pizza Hut, Blue Burrito, and standard cheesy airport bars come to mind), but I just find the options on the other side more appealing. Once you're past security and closer to the gates there's a lot of seating, but finding an outlet for electronics is limited (like at most airports) but not horrible. And yes, like others have mentioned there is FREE Wi-fi, but at times it can be slow, but I guess it's better than nothing (I fly out of SFO where you have to pay for Internet). One pretty big thing to not about this airport...and I'm not sure if this is a good thing or bad thing, but security is pretty tight. If there's ANYTHING that seems suspicious/over-sized liquids they will find it, and you'll have to get rid of it (or check it in). I guess this isn't a bad thing since it means they have good security, but it can be annoying. The same carry-on bags that I'm easily able to get through security at other airports I always check-in here, since I KNOW (yes, this always happens without fail) my face wash, hair products, and cologne will be confiscated. Oh, I guess another thing I should note is that this airport used to be NOTORIOUS for having a super slow baggage claim. Nine times out of ten though I don't check-in bags coming into this airport, but the last time I did have to check a bag in, it actually came out pretty fast, so I don't know if the slow baggage claim is still the case. Overall, this is a good airport (and if it weren't would it really matter?). If you're flying into/out of Phoenix you really don't have much of a choice...lol!
3	OMG could PHX baggage claim be any slower? Yes, at TPA.Ok I will not complain since I have had worse, but SHEESH!Security was super fast, but it was because I was traveling with my friend in a wheel chair and we got to go through a special lane. The food options were not that good, but luckily there are some great places outside of the airport, so you may just want to stop and eat there before you check in.
4	Big airport, lots of stores, eats and drinks. Airport isn't far from university town-Tempe, or Phoenix.
2	Old, smells, and not enough signs. Not a fan.
3	The airport is clean, nice, plenty of food places and drink places.  Even some nice art shops.  BUT, I hate my departure early Monday AM, usually in A29.  There is a roundabout of gates about  30 ft apart from each other, at the very end of the "hall of gates".  Someone in their infinite scheduling wisdom, makes all the flights take off within the same 5 minute window.  You cannot get a seat prior to your flight by the gate; there simply are not enough seats for even one flight.  There are people standing EVERYWHERE, waiting to get on their flight, and they all are in one another's way.  It infuriates me every Monday AM when I fly in there.   I would think they would attempt to stagger the flights, so that you didn't have this massive traffic jam of humans every week. Another tip:  wear good walking shoes if you are changing planes here.  It's a darn big airport, and there is potentially a lot of walking to be done.
3	Sky harbor is a nice airport. Decent staff, good layout overall I would recommend.
4	Decent choice of eats and no line at security.
4	I always connect here because I fly US Airways from Las Vegas.  But everytime I have a stop over here, other than a major back track to the Bay Area, I don't really mind coming here because it's a well maintained airport. It might look old but it is always clean. I'm only here about 1 or 2 hours at a time but I can't help but notice all these restaurants in here, if you're hungry and don't mind 'airport prices', never fear selection is here.  Also be prepared to walk close to a mile to your connecting flight.  There's LONG hallways here. Don't worry, they have standing walking escalators.
4	I've been to a lot of airports and I have to say that I think Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport is probably one of the most user friendly. They need to do some work in baggage claim, with better signage and maybe see what can be done to speed up luggage delivery, but the gate areas and shopping are pretty darn good. I like parking in the garage but it's a bit pricey for me and the economy lot parking shuttles are too slow for my taste. So I either get a ride or use an off airport parking lot as they seem to be faster. if you have a long lay over, there is plenty to keep you entertained while at Sky Harbor.
3	This was my first time at PHX International & it was for a connection from Omaha, NE through Southwest Airlines. I can't comment on check-in or security but from observing security during my 3-1/2 layover, it looks smooth, steady-paced & organized.There are quite a few restaurants around the four major gates (A,B,C,D) so grab a burger at Wendy's or order up some tacos at El Bravo & of course Starbucks is always around for a caffeine pick-me-up.The hallways are lengthy so take advantage of the standing / walking escalators. It's always stressful when one only has a few minutes to connect to their next flight so this helps.
4	I've been to this airport at least 8 times over the past 2 years.  It's a pretty decent airport......has decent food, bars and most importantly FREE Wifi for internet access.Another reason I enjoy this airport is the easy pickup/drop off system for rental cars.  All you have to do is take one shuttle for all rental car companies, which takes you a couple of miles away to a central rental car location.  It's very easy and you don't have to deal with the airport pickup/drop off passenger traffic.  Very convenient.Overall, it's a decent airport and the FREE Wifi is what makes it 4 Stars in my book.Will I return?  There's no doubt I will someday and I will be pleased as long as they hook up the internet access!
3	This airport is nice enough.  Fairly clean, well taken care of, & lots of signs to direct you.  I had no problems with security or with baggage claim, which is always a plus.The shuttle system for the rental car area was quick & easy, though it is a bit annoying on the way back in.  Maybe I was just tired & cranky & ready to catch my flight.  Shuttles run every few minutes, so you're not waiting long before you're shuffled on & crammed in for a short ride.I'm not impressed with the food choices at all.  Aside from the typical fast food stuff (which I'm not a fan of), they have some random restaurants that boast high prices, small menus, and ridiculously slow service.  Meh.  Next time I'm packing more snacks.  And there definitely was not enough seating in the gate areas, so I ended up on the floor a few times.  Thank you, delayed flights.At least it has free wi-fi!
2	I've already written up a review of Orbitz (CheapTickets), but my recent craptacular experience at the Phoenix Airport must also be documented...Why on Earth would you make travelers exit the airport in order to enter a different terminal? Once you're in, you should be IN!I had the horrifying experience of rushing through the Phoenix airport last Saturday (don't ever travel around Thanksgiving, people, it's pure hell!) and to my dismay, found that I had to haul ass to a completely different terminal within the airport. Not a huge deal, right?Wrong! I had to exit at baggage claim, wait around for a little shuttle bus to take me to the different terminal, get out and wait through another set of security lines. All over again. WHY?Lame! Will avoid this as a connecting airport as much as possible!
3	This airport has pretty conveniently located cell phone lots. It's nice when you are picking someone up that's delayed. Bad traffic because of construction at peak times to get onto the 202. Lots of traffic cops, so don't speed around, either. They are very strict with rules here, especially when going through security. They don't have body scanners yet though.lol.  Definitely not as friendly as ONT, SAN, DAL, SNA. Security lines are usually pretty long too. The economy parking fee/day got raised to $10 or so per day, so we now use 'the parking spot instead for $7/day and it's covered. I love that place, it has a much nicer shuttle too. The 'roadrunner' shuttle bus at Sky Harbor taker forrrevvvver... is dirty, bumpy, and crammed with people. It stinks! LITERALLY!
1	The airport BLOWS. Only in a state full of cheap ass old folks could you have such a POS excuse for an airport. Where to begin?A) 2 pathetic terminals that look like they were decorated in the 80's. ZERO signs that tell you where to go. The individual airlines have put in small flight monitors for their flights, but there are no monitors that show where flights connect airport wide. Wow. Thats fucking pathetic and sad.B) Transport between the terminals? Well, theres a shuttle bus, or you can walk. The walk is only about 200 yards. Except that you have to exit security, and walk OUTSIDE to get there. WTF? Really? You pathetic jackanapes couldn't pony up a few extra bucks, and build a proper sky bridge?C) Food/Drinks.....dear LORD. Heres the deal. You can forget Starbucks, or any other outside commercial food. This place is literally like an airport in a communist country. The food/drink contracts were sold off to the lowest bidder. So all the food service inside is from no-name restaurants and bars, likely all the same contractor.  And holy Jesus jello on a stick, do they suck donkey balls. Seriously. DO NOT order food in this place.Congrats Phoenix! You (joining LAX) have just made the list of 'Its better to chew your own arm off rather than fly through this wretched hole' airports.
4	This airport is HUGE!Make sure that you take the extra time to check-in because it's easy to get side tracked at their indoor mall on the way up to security. Security line was a bit large but they had lot's of lines open so it moves pretty quicklyMore restaurants once you get passed security, they kept it very clean and neat. No complaints here!
2	My poor review is based on the almost micro airport restaurant selection at the Continental/United terminal, the past two weeks of TSA confusion (last week took 20+ minutes for what could not have been more than 20 people), and my biggest pet peave, no fuel any where near the rental car terminal.  Ok, I am willing to accept that a gas station is a retail enterprise, but they always seem to build these rental terminals in the "depressed" part of town, and if no fuel is near, there is never any guidance offered.  Wilco Tango Foxtrot!  Here we are rushing around the dodgy neighborhood with never a pump to be found.  Either you want the rental co to charge me $8/gallon, or the folks who conceived, designed, built, and project managed the terminal never travel.  Either way...BADTHINGS!On the positive side, the Continental counter staff is first class, the Red Carpet club is small but nice and well staffed by professionals!
4	Good airport. Clean and well organized with lots of stores and eateries.
4	although not my personal favorite i cannot think of one single complaint that could be garnered from this fine airport, they have always left me satisfied, except when i am touching down on my return flight.ranked no. 5 in business insider magazines top ten airports in the us list, http://www.businessinsider.com/the-10-best-airports-in-america-2010-2#no-7-portland-or-international-pdx-4 its always sunny in phoenix's own sky harbor airport is one landmark we phoenicians need to be proud of and not deride. thanks sky harbor, for all the magical flights you've sent me away to, promptly and without hassel....hoff.
2	Phoenix (PHX) is my most dreaded lay-over airport.  It is the last airport I want to find myself when enduring a delayed flight, missed connection, or inexplicable airline misfortune.  The restaurant selections are limited.  The available stores are few and far between (especially, if you need to pick up a spare power cord or other electronic device).  Power outlets are a rarity.  Internet connection is sporadic and sparse.  There is simply no refuge when you just want to escape.  Let's hope this is the last.  Particularly since I hope to never fly US Airways again.  [Last Visit: December 17, 2010]
2	Oh I am spoiled with the small-town feel of Tucson International--now if they wold only get some quality flights!!I've never flown out of Sky Harbor.  Seems like any other large-scale airport on the surface.So why only two stars?  The driving around to find where to park is horrible.  They need to remember that most people don't frequent the airport.  So they should be obvious and deliberate with the signage.  Also, the elevator from the parking garage to the terminals is a little confusing.  It literally went from floor 3, to 2, to B, to A, to 1.  Alpha-numerics embedded within themselves?  Again, keep it simple for us dummies who don't live the commuter jet-set lifestyle.
4	This is a HUUUUUGE airport. We flew in from SJC and had to get on our next plane to Los Cabos in less than 20minutes; and it was chaotic. The gates were too spread out and we had to run like crazy. Thank God they gave some of our passengers an extra 5 minutes to get our passports stamped else, we would have badly missed our flight. (they had to call the tower for that to happen)And coming back to Sky Harbor from Los Cabos was another some sort of mild nightmare. The Customs line took forever...and going thru security again was a pain in the butt. And as expected, based from our first trip, finding the gate was another ridiculously long walk. Having a bad hangover and a sore body from Mexico and going thru that was just torridly painful picture to even fathom.It's also quite shocking how the gates have so few seats. Their security dog was a beagle. soo cute. After sniffing my legs, he plopped himself down for a belly rub. he's still in training-that's why.
3	Big...really big. You know when you think it's a good idea to take a connecting Southwest flight out of here because you figure it will be ok making the switch? No, not necessarily true. A flight can bring you to an A gate and you have to board in a B gate-doesn't mean they're anywhere close to each other.BTW-I appreciate the many opportunities for shopping while waiting in the terminal, and the vaiety of food options if you don't mind fast food.I get confused where to meet my friends for pick up. South side if you're Sassy; North side if you're Naughty...yes, my friends are silly. The cab line is long and twisty, and weird, and ugh....just take a shuttle.
5	IMO one of the best in the country.  CLEAN.   Free Wi-Fi!  Easy layout.  Security is fast, and organized.  Buses run from parking lot frequently (max wait is 10 minutes).  Parking is cheap (8-10), and they are upgrading to a train service soon.  BUT, Best of all is that the food here is not only good, but they don't rape you with prices like most airports.  I pay just a bit over what i would pay outside of the airport.  Thats a miracle.
3	Today I flew out of Terminal 2 and have now successfully flown into and out of each of the three terminals, so I now feel comfortable giving Sky Harbor some words.  Positives:-The name Sky Harbor is certainly the coolest airport name in the country.  No dodgy old white man lays claim to the appellation of Phoenix's gate to the skies-Free WiFi (this is such a necessity for a good airport nowadays)-Never actually crowded (security is usually a breeze)-Connection to the Lightrail (though in 2013 there will be a direct connect instead of a bus)-North and South curbs make picking people up a breeze, especially when you understand how the airport allows equal access from East or West ValleyNegatives:-The whole ground transportation system is poorly labeled (especially when compared to the paragon of this: Oakland)-Baggage takes forever to make it from the plane to you -North and South curbs make no sense to a visitorThat being said, for the 5th largest city in the country, Phoenix has one of the easiest airports to get in and out of.
2	The airport is simply too big to deal with passengers effectively and efficiently. The waits for baggage are unacceptable. The parking is VERY unacceptable and now that the construction is going on to replace the shuttle buses from parking to the terminals plan on an extra half hour just to get from the airport to your car and vice versa. Also expect to pay thru the nose to park.The only good thing about this airport is the mall level that provides a lot of stores and eateries to gobble up the long waits you'll have since you have to allow for so much time just to get here which is deep inside the metro area and prone to traffic snarls just to get to the airport.Oh yeah... the free Wi-Fi? Forget about it! There are so many people on their network it crawls so slow you can't get anything done.Security? Better plan on a long wait there too. My worst time was 45 mins. This airport seems to be a guinea pig too many times for new TSA procedures and tests.
2	Phoenix Sky Harbor is a bipolar little beyotch that just likes to F with you.  One day she is going to do everything in her power to try and keep you from making your flight, and the next day she is all like "I'm sorry about that time I made you run like an asshole through the airport to your gate.  Let me make it up to you and get you to your gate 2 hours early today".  Sky Harbor is #3 on my list of most hated airports, behind Newark and Philly.  Nuff said.
3	OI VEY. Phoenix Airport.... Parking and anything rental car related is scary, really far away from the main terminal, and requires a shuttle for you to get their or a very long drive with lots of signage and little actual direction. But: once inside, not bad. Food is fairly standard airport food, overpriced and highly processed. Bathrooms were aplenty and clean (read: nothing like the atrocious O'Hare bathrooms). The restaurant I went to with family before our flight wasn't badly priced and served our food quickly. Everything was clean. TSA only body patted one of our group members. I like this airport better than O'Hare. Not really "bad", just largely forgettable. The reason for the pleasant memory is because it was pretty dead.
4	"I'm goin goin back back to Cali Cali"...ok, I HAD to do that...moving on...!The last thing anyone wants to do is be at the airport on the morning of Christmas Eve, hungover, and with a little less than three hours of sleep. However, Sky Harbor Intl. Airport made my absolutely horrendous morning bearable and then some.I was expecting long lines when I checked in my bags at Southwest but it was surprisingly fast and efficient. I felt that my things were in good hands. I thought, "this is too good to be true! Security has to have crazy long lines!" Nope,  I was wrong. Security was a breeze. No lines. It all went by quite smoothly and it was nice of them to high-five me and wish me a safe flight. I think they could tell I was hungover and on zero sleep, but nevertheless, it was a sweet gesture.You'd think at 8 a.m. there would be millions of people at the airport but it was surprisingly very quiet. Stopped to get some food and a much needed cup of coffee and before I knew it, I was on my way back to the bay. Thank you Sky Harbor for making my trip from AZ back to CA effortless and stress-free!
3	It's an airport, no one actually wants to be in one for very long. But if you are stuck, then all in all it's decent enough. We flew out on Dec. 27th, and the wifi was there but nowhere near working. Slower than slow. I found out that Sky Harbor consistently has this problem.  I know, you get what you pay for (free), but I'm sure the airport has enough cash reserved to give people a decent connection.
4	Visiting my son in Scottsdale for the first time and I have to say the airport was clean, easy in and easy out. We flew Southwest so there was no nasty X-ray machine or anyone grabbing your goodies. :O)
4	I was reading a bunch of yelp reviews for this airport before my business trip to "prepare for the worst and hope for the best" (after all it's always good to know what to expect) but it wasn't the case for me.  I came from the Mineta San Jose International Airport to the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (as a connecting airport) and thankfully my flying arrangements worked out.  I was coming from one US Airways flight and was on my way to another US Airways flight.  I recommend trying to have the same airlines when connecting flights.I arrived at gate A6? (I forgot the gate but close enough) and had to catch my other flight at gate A27.  They were on opposite ends of Terminal 4 (where US Airways is) so I had to walk all the way there which took awhile.  It's not bad if you're not in a rush but I was almost in a rush.  I had enough time to buy something at Burger King (I wanted something for dinner before going on a long flight), eat/drink super quick, and board my next flight.  If that was already a "close call", then I don't want to know what happens if I didn't have the same airlines.  I wouldn't be surprised if it would be similar to other Yelpers' reviews about this place and not a good one.That's pretty much it.  Make sure you have the same airlines for connecting flights; otherwise, you might miss your flight.Oh and they sold hair gel at one of the stores; however, the hold of the gel was weak for my needs. Lol it was still better than no hair gel.
4	Phoenix airport (Sky Harbor) is one of the better airports to fly through.  Mainly because there's quite a few selections for bars / restaurants, as well as the weather there (hot / dry) means less chance of weather related lay overs.  = awesome.  Plus the "people-movers" are fantastic.
3	For a major metropolitan city this airport is small. I had two layovers here and it's just blah. There's nothing to do. I agree with some of the other yelpers, I'm no design guru or do I care about the looks of a place, but is just drab. Free WIFI though!
3	Was recently on a long lay over at Sky Harbor and have no compaints.The airport was VERY busy on the day I was there which was okay because all the people watching helped the time go by. When not people watching there are many food options and free wi-fi.Good airport but there does not seem to be alot to look at in Phoenix. Nothing to really look at out the airport windows or even from the airplane.
4	Always a quick in / quick out airport. Never had to wait longer than 10 minutes for a security line, most of the time it is less than 5 minute wait. Lots of places to shop and eat, and there are multiple Starbucks.Free wifi but... I always have a difficult time with the connection. Perhaps to many people are "in the cloud."
1	There was a wendys. Thats it in my terminal worth mentioning.  Bathroom doors don't lock.
3	nice airport, very clean, lots to offer the traveler
3	For some reason.  I'm here when I'm delayed a lot.  I'm really grateful they opened that Paradise Cafe.  A decent coffee or (insert your own) comfort food makes all the difference. =)
5	Busy place, but everyone is nice and I keep having to go to the cell lot because of late baggage from my original destination. They charge a lot to deliver so better get your bags checked 45 mn early...
4	Shocking news... Joi B is giving an airport a 4-star review (is this a first? Possibly). Well, it *is* tooted as "America's Friendliest Airport" and they don't lie! I like friendly airports!Oh yeah, I like this airport a whole hell of a lot. -extremely easy to navigate between gates in the terminal -super fast check in (just about as fast as Kansas City, which is a much smaller airport) -courteous security personal and getting past it is a breeze. I didn't even mind them throwing out my open bottle of water that I stupidly forgot to take out of my bag (I guess they are trained so that this airport lives up to its reputation. St. Louis Airport: you need to send your security personnel to train in Phoenix).-adequate food and beverage choices pre- and post security gate -bright and sparkling clean environs (Yeah, so it's dated. At least it's not dated and dingy. It also seems in keeping with a lot of the design styles I've encountered in my 5 days in Phoenix).-good amount of bathrooms, clean and no lines-gate/flight info is easy to find anywhere-stunning view of the landscape from the wall of windows at the end of Gate D-baggage area is clearly labeled and easy to navigate -good signage all over-there are tiny finches instead of rats hopping along on the floor looking for food (At LaGuardia, you're far more likely to find the latter...oh and btw I mention this because one just ran past my feet and my instinct was to jump up out of my seat. But imagine my delight upon seeing a cute bird instead of a filthy rodent! Woohoo!!)Spending time airports is a regular occurrence for me and I dare say that this time has been a pleasurable experience.Only negatives: Not enough outlets (as is typical, SWA provides those uncomfortable bars you can sit at to plug in). Internet may be free but it's hella slow. At least it was today.Reading what some other people say about having to connect here and navigate the terminals, I'll hold back a star in case I ever have to deal with this inconvenience (and knowing my luck and past experience with airports, it's bound to happen).
4	The only fault is that the rental car place is a 10 minute bus ride.  Other than that, I find PHX to be easy and comfortable to navigate.  SFO, SJC, and PHX are probably the three airports I use the most.  I fly about 50,000 miles per year, and PHX has been one of the most trouble-free.  In-and-out.  I never have negative feelings with this airport unlike most of the others.Security lines are never terrible.  Signs and directions are large and easy to follow.  It rarely gets extremely crowded, unlike some hub airports which feel like a mile long subway train.  Travel can be grueling, and while not extravagant, airports like PHX try to make it easier.
3	In the age old debate of length v. girth, Sky Harbor is clearly a proponent of length. I swear this airport is three miles long. And if you have a connection... well, good luck running across the entire airport from people mover to people mover. It's one long, long, long, long, line of hallways and people movers. Over and over and over and over again. But... they've got free wifi! ...oh, that only works about 60% of the time. Well, it'll do. They do have clean-ish bathrooms and loads of options as far as airport eateries go. But if you take one thing away from this review, let it be this: Length isn't always the answer.
4	The following is a few reasons why I dig Sky Harbor Airport. -Security moves pretty quickly.-There are quite a few restaurant options. -Everything is carpeted and very clean. - They have free transportation that will take you from one terminal to another. -Clean restrooms-Free Wifi - It might just be a Phoenix thing, but even the TSA agents were hot.I'm sure there are some cons as well, but all in all my experiences have always been pleasant flying in or out of here.
4	My review is based on Terminal 3, Delta!  Getting checked in at Delta was quick, security line was quick, and returning picking up my bags was quick too!  The signs are easy to read and easy to understand.  I was in Nassau, Bahamas' airport, the signs pointed everywhere!  Crazy!!
5	After going through hell through JFK, I was happy to land here.  Easy to get through all the gates, and the outside of the airport was very pretty with nice paved roads and cacti!! Cabs were available as soon as I left the building.  The escalator to exit the building had some fake flying airplanes and some rocky fake mountains that were pretty also.  The car rental service is the best.  I've never seen such an easier way to drop off a rental car.  There were signs to drop off the car like there were to drop off someone at the airport! So convenient and so fast! I thought it would take forever to drop of the car but a guy was outside checking everything.
1	You want good food? You'd be better off smuggling goat cheese in your boot and risking an anal cavity search for doing so than eating at this airport.You want scenery? Try desert.You want a comfortable seat to wait for your delayed flight?  Well you are in the desert so you'd probably better off finding a cactus and straddling it face first.You want a relatively close connection for your flight? Well tough shit.  Oh yeah, they've got people movers but somehow they have this magical ability to disengage people's legs.  Yeah I know it sounds crazy but as soon as people step on to these things their legs stop moving and they plant their fat ass right in the middle of the walk way.  Whats wrong with your legs you mammoth!?
3	I have never had a problem here!  Luggage is always on time, it is not too sprawling.  Security caught me with my suscpicious toothpaste but hey they were just following the rules.  Security has improved here over the years, I have been through with shampoo and conditioner and never caught so I do appreciate the added safety measures.  Great job guys!
4	Sky Harbor Airport is one of the most modern looking airports.  On top of it, it has to be one of the easiest airports to get around.  You can either enter the airport off the 143 highway or you can go straight on 44th St going south.  Sky Harbor gives plenty of chances and warnings of which terminals to go to.  There is basically 2 different departure terminals and two different arrival terminals.  The arrival portion can be a bit confusing, so you need to coordinate with your ride to the airport.  Once you get out of the gate, you have an option of going to the South Side or North Side.I have to say that this airport never seems to get too busy.  I have come here during major holidays, and the traffic is never bad.  I am not sure if it is because of the structure or if there are not as many passengers going in and out of Phoenix.  I never really get airport food, but this airport has all sorts of varieties.  They have a few good bars near the terminals to relax and chill before a flight.
2	Hate getting stuck here when I need to eat. There aren't very many choices and after you go through security the choices get even slimmer.  Bluck.  However, getting through security generally is better other airports, but that's primarily due to their size.  Off site car rental is a drag and adds a lot of extra time.  Always seem to be just missing a bus when I return the car and have to wait.
4	It's relatively easy to get in and out of here without hassle.
2	Not the worst airport and not the best.  I flew in on US Airways which they tend to cater to so it is also their largest terminal.  As luck would have it, I had a connecting flight that landed at the end of terminal B and my connecting flight was at the very end of terminal A.  To top it off, most of the people mover sidewalks were down.  Thankfully, I didn't mind the exercise and I had an hour in between connections.  Had my plane been late or the connection shorter, I would have been pissed at all of the maintenance.  The airport can use some updates and isn't the cleanest but, they at least have plenty of eatery choices.
3	Summary based on several visits:--barely ok, generic airport with--usual crap security--worse than usual baggage claim--remote rental cars
4	I just love going to the airport and sitting at the bar to people watch. It is a great place to meet new people. although I got bumped off of my flight it was a good time.
3	PHX is fine - lots of better airports, lots of worse airports. The decor is ugly and dated, and it's way too spread out (Terminal 4 ALONE itself is way to spread out, and that's just one terminal), but everything (including the bathrooms) are always clean. The new car center is beautiful, but SO FAR away even by shuttle. This is not an airport you can cut it close. Food is hit or miss - they've got a Oaxaca and a Paradise Cafe, though, so it could be a lot worse. They try hard to be the "friendliest airport" with lots of roaming friendly volunteers anxious to provide you help as well as free wi-fi (which is spotty and weak).
5	I like PHX airport for many reasons:1) It's clean and pretty2) It's easy to navigate3) Free-Wi-Fi!4) Lots of shops and food places5) Nicer than LAXHere are some not as nice things:1) You walk forever!  Luckily there are moving walkways!2) Picking up someone can be confusing bc their is a north and south curb, you must communicate or you will be confused!And ps: PHX get a Pinkberry in the airport! It will do wonders.
3	Before, Phoenix was just a way station for me, a stop on the journey.  It doesn't have weather issues and is run pretty efficiently.  This time, I was here for a work trip and PHX did its job well.  No issues with the flights, but the TSA ignored my request for a pat-down instead of a body scan.  I should have insisted, but I didn't want to hold up my team.  Next time, I refuse to get irradiated - it's the old fashioned way for me.
4	Phoenix Sky harbor Airport is a very busy place on most days. Terminal 4 is the one i use the most. It is organized and laid out well. If you read and follow the signs you will find your way around very easily. There are the people in Purple outfits that can answer your questions if you have any. It is a perfect grid with moving sidewalks so  you won't get lost and you get through quickly. Always give your self at least 2 hours before your flight because, sometimes security lines can be very long.  Not too much choice in restaurants,very high priced. Plus a few nice shops to buy this and that. They even have a drug store now,but be prepared to pay double. Parking in the garage is very high. So you want to park off site and take the shuttle in. Unless you don't care about spending. All in all a pretty nice airport.
2	PHX bills it self as "America's friendiest airport".  SO NOT TRUE.  America's friendliest airport took 3 of 4 moving sidewalks out of service instead of one at a time.  This is area is half of the concourse connector bewtween low A and low B (N2 and N3) in Terminal 4 north.Signage: poor to non existent.  If it's there, it's not placed well.Years and years of poor planning.PHX Sky Harbor management would do well to tour other airports to see what ideas they might be able to borrow.  For instance, ditch all the carpet and go with tile.
4	Its an airport, folks!! I have no complaints about this place, really. Its clean and pretty simple to navigate thru. The shopping is overpriced, of course, but I promise you this may be one of the best $4 bottles of water you ever purchased!! Another perk of this particular international hub is the fact that the security line is USUALLY pretty fast. This place offers free wi-fi, too!! The one downside: sluggish luggage retrieval.
1	The surliness and thievery committed by the Phoenix based TSA employees really ruin PHX Sky Harbor from being a traveler Friendly Airport. This is also the same airport that kills drunk housewives! I use this airport weekly and have had numerous gear stolen by TSA employees at checkpoint C... Stolen items include portable hard drives, laptop batteries, USB drives and an LCD Projector.
4	Only was here for a couple of hours on a stopover...Lots of people on a Thursday morning.Place looked new and clean with lots of eateries and shops available.Looked way better, cleaner and newer than our San Diego location.
3	There's nothing overly remarkable about the Phoenix Sky Harbor airport at all, they simply get the job done. Unlike SFO, they don't have many fancy dining options or nifty things to look at, they're just there to serve a singular purpose: to get you to your destination in a timely fashion. Can't hate on an institution that brushes off bells and whistles for a cut straight to the chase... so in the immortal words of Yelp's corresponding quip to a glorious three-star review, Sky Harbor, you're A-OK!
2	Leave lots of time if you are using a rental car!  The rental car center is quite far from the airport and you have to wait for the shuttle.  No tram or alternate routes means at least 20 minute process.
5	Reeeeeally like this airport- probably the most efficient airport I've been to considering its size.  The lines for check in are very time-effective if not non-existent. Go upstairs and security is usually a breeze!Yoshi's is delicious for quick, fast-food style asian cuisine ( Noodles with broccoli and chicken is da bomb!) Plus, you can access all of the other concourses and there is quite a few tequila hang-outs and sports bars along the way.Only thing is parking is EXPENSIVE (went on a trip for 9 days = $90!) I guess most airports are but I'd recommend trying to use one of the remote parking lots (3rd party) or have a friend drop you off :)
3	Several terminals at this very large airport.  You could have to walk a while to get to a connecting gate.Security line at the main terminal is usually very long, but not at the smaller terminals.  TSA is monumentally slow at terminal 2.
4	Very clean airport.
2	I have never been to a more ridiculous airport. DFW seems sane when compared to this place. Don't ever get a connection flight here that switches airlines because I did and found out that all the terminals are separated and can only be reached by leaving the security zone and riding a bus. Now most modern airports would respond to this with a train or moving walkway between terminals so that passengers don't have to leave the secure zone but not here.  I will avoid flying here in the future. The one saving grace this place has is that the view of the mountains around is breath taking and even more amazing from the air.
2	If I ever wanted to feel like I was in a movie I'd rob a bank for the thrill or date a 15 year-old. Every time I've made a connection here I've sprinted, shoved my way and slid feet first to the next gate (TERMINAL). Whether I'm on time, late or early. Rieffendiculous! Who the hell is in charge of coordinating the connections?I suspect someone is on Colored Time and it pisses me off. Also, I 'd like to speak to the architect who designed this airport 'cause this cumulative time consumption is busting my balls. Thanks Shek S.
4	You are so clean, Sky Harbor. I don't mind flying out of this airport. The flight attendants are nice.Security is fast and thorough. I really dislike one lady that works in security, because she was rude to me for no reason. It probably wouldn't have bugged me so much if it weren't for the fact that it was 11:45 PM, I had just worked a double, and I was being forced to fly to Ohio....where it was cold and still had snow on the ground.. Oh not to mention on my Spring Break. Anyway, the stores are nice and have a good amount of nice items to buy for your flight to keep you occupied. Flights are on time the majority of the time, and when they aren't they at least warn you.. *cough cough* Cleveland Hopkins International *cough cough*.I suppose it could use some remodeling.
4	I'm a little torn. Sometimes I really love this airport, and other times I don't. The food options are great, but since I live here I usually have a full stomach before I leave. The parking situation is a clustershuck (again, trying not to swear), so if you are picking someone tell that person to get their own ride. Unless it's your Mom. Then it's ok.The exits and return to airport are marked very clearly. Only jackasses have problems here. Redeeming factors: Navigating the inside of the airport is easy. Security is great and efficient. Paradise Bakery inside. Also, TONS of power outlets to charge your ish.Can't wait to fly outta Sky Harbor, and come back!
5	Home sweet home!!
5	Yes I like this airport. It is NOT bad at all. I would give it less than 5 stars for a bit longer lines but they seriously go by sooo fast! I like how it's huge. I don't like small airports. Bigger means, they know what they're doing! They also have good looking guys here! Major +++ for eye candy! I'll definitely be flying here again. Well, I kind of have to since my brother and sister-in-law live in Arizona. They have plenty of stores and places to eat.
4	I like this airport. I had my layovers here and spent several hours roaming the terminals. It's clean, not TOO crowded, and most importantly, there's charging stations for your electronic devices. Well, at the Southwest gates, that is. Only downfalls are that there aren't too many "good" fast food joints and you have to scout out for the outlets to plug your electronic devices.
1	Having to leave security and board a bus to get from one terminal to another = complete design failure.Having all the food outside of said security = extremely inconvenient.After having to play roulette with the length of the security line while wolfing down food on a short layover, there is no way to win.  Sky Harbor, you lose. Go to the back of the line. Do not pass go. Do not collect $200. No cookie for you. One star for you.The (considerable) amount of ill will I can summon for Sky Harbor feels completely inadequate (over a year later).
3	A plain airport, but in the middle of boulders I didn't expect much. Breakfast was $10 for one large taco and service with a smile. I noticed the areas in each terminal have a kid friendly section: cartoon channels, child size seating, and soft play areas. In all of my airport stops, I've never seen anything like that.
2	Yes, I'm spoiled.  I grew up in Denver and enjoyed DIA--the most pristine airport you will ever visit--for the majority of my life.  In comparison, Sky Harbor is just another run-of-the-mill airport.  The food sucks.  One time before a flight I had a teriyaki chicken bowl at one of the generic restaurants (I decided this would be one of the most healthy options aside from Quiznos--too many delicious dipping sauces...).  I must not have been thinking about the effects of eating a dish with an astronomical amount of sodium, because my feet swelled so much that I had to remove my shoes during the flight.  Lovely.  Parking is a nightmare.  There is no logic the parking garage.  It corkscrews you up and you're suddenly on level 6, without a hint as to the location of the terminal's entrance.  When I flew back home from my trip, I went out to the parking garage to find my car, only to realize that I was in the wrong terminal.  If you're flying on different airlines in and out of Sky Harbor, make note of the terminal where your car is parked!  One must take a shuttle between terminals to get between them.  Never fun after a day of traveling.I thought it would be relatively painless to simply pick someone up or drop them off here.  What a nightmare.  Especially when you have to reach terminal 2.  Beware: terminal 2 has no clearly marked signs for passenger drop off.  I had to circle around and almost ended up back on the 202, all while dodging the rude taxi and shuttle drivers that LOVE to cut me off.  Disastrous when your precious cargo is about to miss their flight.    The signs to get back on the 202 aren't very clear either.  I need arrows.  I need signs that say "left lane 202 E"  or "right lane 202 W" (disclaimer:  I have no clue if the right or left lane take you east or west).  How in the world they twist you around each side of every terminal and loop you through to the highway, I have no clue.  Obviously, I don't enjoy coming here.  But the hope of enjoying my destination city keeps me coming back.  Plus, I have no other choice.  Unless I buy my own jet.  Even then I will probably still have to deal with the crazy taxi drivers.
5	Everyone here is really nice. I'm not sure if it's cause of the sun or what but this is definetly the best airport I have ever been too. It's always kept extremely clean and if you have any problems the staff is always eager to help out.
4	Average little airport.  Typical layout with the moving sidewalks between terminals.
4	I luv flying in this airport. Its super fun, easy and friendly staff. I luv how its always kept so clean even during construction times of different stores. Waiting like 2 hours for my flight and wishfully, hopefully thinking that please please please don't get canceled again! I was starving from the weekend... yes it was a rough one! I decided to peruse my options of eateries....Coffee and a blueberry muffin @ Paradise.. Pretty damn good - $7 worth of scrumptiousness... then I LOVE the fact I can still go to a Wendy's in an airport and not pay $ 10 for a sand which, they even had a dollar menu.. i know i know its all the way WTF? So note taken.. no price gouging here! Then to my surprise... my flight came and my little adventure in sky harbor had ended... til we see each other soon!Oh I will be back!
1	ATMOSPHERE: Clean facilities but nothing spectacular. AIRPORT: To get around the airport you have all these silver buses that take you from terminal to terminal which there are 4 terminals and also you have moving walk ways. To enter each terminal you have to back through security check points so basically this is set up to miss your flight transfer if you are flying on a different airline. We've had multiple occasions sprinting and drenched in sweat trying to catch a flight transfer due to this set-up. I hear San Francisco has the same set-up? Atlanta you take a subway from each terminal and everything is internal so that you only go through security once - super efficient!PERKS:  Free wireless, which is nice... but I'd rather catch my flight... LOCATION: North of Tempe. Just east of downtown. A drive to any happening places. CONCLUSION: Ugh... the worst airport ever...
4	Fast and efficient but very expansive and large; it takes a long walk from one gate area to another
3	no air conditioning??
4	It's an airport, and what exactly does one look for/expect from such an establishment? Currently I want free wi-fi most. Free wi-fi at Sky Harbor... Check. Secondly, convenient economy parking is a must. Convenient economy parking at Sky Harbor... Check. Not to mention the shuttle drivers are always friendly and small talk-ready.The TSA folks here also seem to smile and playfully banter with travelers more readily than at other airports. Perhaps this is due in part to Sky Harbor's "America's Friendliest Airport" marketing ploy, but in any case it's certainly something to remark about.I doubt Phoenix will turn into any sort of true travel hub in the near future, but more non-stop international flights would certainly be welcomed. But until the demand is clearly defined we'll have to be content with a few flights to Europe, Canada, Mexico, and the lone wolf to Costa Rica.I am very excited to see the Sky Train completed and operational with Stage One scheduled to be up and running in 2013. This will allow connections from the light rail and offer a new mode of transportation from the east economy lot to terminal 4.I've seen previous reviews complaining about having to go back through security when changing terminals, which is actually the case in many airports throughout the world. The terminal is the secure area so whenever you leave it you naturally have to be screened again. There are a few exceptions, but the easiest way to circumvent this is to fly the same airline from point A all the way to point B. If you're connecting at Sky Harbor you should only be flying US Airways/United or Southwest so as to avoid a terminal change. If you're not flying these carriers then you're over-complicating things for yourself and you should look for different routing.The central location of Sky Harbor makes it extremely accessible for people living in most parts of the valley, which is a huge plus considering the location of other airports outside of their corresponding metropolitan areas. All in all, there's really nothing significant to complain about Sky Harbor.P.S. The Fox Sports Grill at Sky Harbor is a true embarrassment, not that one should expect a great deal from airport restaurants, but if Kraft Mac-N-Cheese (this is probably a poor example as KMNC provides a perfect vehicle for some truly delicious creations) is far superior to what you're serving, then you should just end it all. Fact.
3	I'm not sure how I've gone this long without reviewing "America's Friendliest Airport," but I think it's finally time.  I've been traveling so much lately, that I'm way overdue in writing this review of Phoenix Sky Harbor. I admit, it's a tough one to write though... your experience relies 100% on the airline you're flying, what terminal you're at, and TSA / security.  Of course, it's always nicer when you fly first class or club member level, as you typically get to avoid major lines.Luckily, I live only about 20 minutes from Phoenix Sky Harbor aka PHX.  My favorite terminal is terminal four; it's the newest, easiest to drop-off / pick-up from, it has the most dining options, etc... I find the staff at the airport to be friendly overall.  It is easy to navigate through, and we've got clean restrooms and free wifi too (if you're lucky enough to get it to work for you); but there's nothing else that stands out about this airport to make it so unique.  (No really local businesses with a presence in the airport, no extraordinary food vendors, no rocking chairs, etc... and for that reason, I'm giving it a three star rating - A-OK indeed!   I'll see you again real soon, PHX.  So long for now.And for anyone counting, this was indeed my 1000th review - :)
2	Upon further review, I have to update my review of Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport....I must have been lucky the first few times I went through here....either that or this place went downhill fast.  Here's some of my frustrations with this place:- The FREE WiFi sucks.....the past 4 times I've been through this airport, I have been unsuccessful in connecting to their WiFi.  I can get the connection on my laptop, but it won't load up any pages.....don't know what the problem is, when I land in Vegas or San Diego, it works just fine there.- Car Rental return lanes through the airport is confusing.  I am willing to bet that 9 out of 10 people who try to find the car rental return lane have to attempt it at least 2 or 3 times to figure it out.....the directions and route is crazy confusing.  The rental center itself is convenient, and the process of returning your car is efficient, but driving there is a disaster.- Food options are limited once you go past security.  Not much going on there.- Gates have insufficient seating.  I don't get it....there's not enough seats at most of the gates.....it's very crowded and people are cramped all over the place.Hopefully, they can upgrade it soon....it needs it.Return Factor - 100%, but not by choice.
4	My flight was delayed over 2 hours.What kept me sane ?Free wi-fi.Why don't all airports have this ? Great way to keep customers pacified.(except the one arrogant lawyer who took pleasure in annoying staff and worrying other travelers)There are limited food options once you pass security for JetBlue. A kind TSA officer directed me to a bar near Delta gates. It involved a passthru security but with 2 hrs to kill I didn't mind.While I had chauffeur service (courtesy of my brother ) the airport is accessible via mass transit.3.5 stars
4	Not very busy and easy to get through security.
1	Phoenix, phoenix, phoenix. You sure worked hard to make me dislike you.Let me pre-face this by saying I am a frequent traveler. I've flown through many airports from the East Coast to the W Coast to international destinations. I am no stranger to TSA (and their ever-changing rules) and to all the insanity that accompanies traveling (old people, kids, etc). Landing in Phoenix wasn't so bad and I was happy to see that they offered free wifi. But flying OUT of Phoenix. Oh boy.I'm glad I gave myself buffer time as you will definitely need it in this airport. Why, you ask?OLD People. Now before I'm called an age-ist; let's just be honest. Elderly people move slower, get confused easier and tend to not give a f*ck.Combine all those things with TSA people and what do you get?Every person in Phoenix apparently didn't know that there was a liquid rule. So people were rolling into check-point with bottles of water in their bags. And TSA, of course, was not being nice about it. TSA in Phoenix also decided I was apparently a terrorist as they swabbed me for explosive material. In all my trips to different destinations, I've never had that happen. AZ was pretty - the sunshine was beautiful. BUT .. You better comply with the 2+ hour rule because you'll definitely need it. There's nothing worse than having the elderly person ask "Do I need to take my belt off? Or shoes?""No sir. Please leave them on. I don't mind missing my flight or having to watch you go through the x-ray machine 3 times."
3	Not horrible. Where are the maps of the airport?? I couldn't find a map of food joints ANYWHERE.
3	I'm not a super frequent flier, but I fly about half a dozen times a year. I don't hate Sky Harbor, but I don't love it either. I flew last in the beginning of April. The lines were manageable (I didn't check a bag), didn't wait more than 15 minutes though security. I'm amazed that people cannot follow directions or read signs (no, you cannot take your full bottle of shampoo/toothpaste/water though security), but that's not the airport's fault. But the airport was SO HOT. I always fly Southwest, so terminal four. But from the time I walked in till the time I flew out, everyone was fanning themselves. It was about 10 degrees hotter than it should be. And with all those bodies packed so close to each other (and not nearly enough seating), it was really uncomfortable. Also, the wifi sucks. Yes, it's free. But it barely reaches terminal four. I can usually connect to the wifi itself, but getting pages to fully load is rare. I'm not talking fancy stuff, but my email and Facebook always time out. Food options are ok outside of security, but I'm always afraid it will take too long to get through security, so I've never eaten at any of them. Once past security, your choices are limited. Burger King, Pizza Hut, Fox Sports, Starbucks.
2	I strongly dislike this airport. I had to catch a connecting flight from Phoenix to Maui in another terminal. I had no idea I had to leave security, catch a bus, and then go through the TSA line again to get to the other terminal. I have an especially bitter taste in my mouth for Sky Harbor because this is where I lost my college class ring! In my mind the only redeeming part of Sky Harbor is Bar Fly, the coolest airport bar ever.
1	I have traveled through so many airports over the years, Denver, Chicago, Omaha, New York, Ontario, Amsterdam, Denpasar, Tokyo, Taipei, London, Munich, Kingston, Bangkok and the list goes on. Phoenix Sky Harbor ranks as the WORST airport of all time. Upon my flight arrival, exiting the tarmac ramp at the Frontier Airlines gate, I saw no electronic billboards, no tv screens and no information for connecting flights. No airport assistants or volunteers either! A TSA employee directed me to another security screening area. It turned out he gave me  the wrong directions. By the time I reached that wrong TSA check point a second TSA agent directed me to a MAZE of directions. Sheinformed me that I needed to go past the baggage pickup, out the door and far away. By that time, I had just minutes to make it to my flight back to Hawaii (home). I finally found an "assistance" desk on my way past the luggage pickup. He told me to exit the building, go outside, walk 30 feet and wait for a bus that would take me to my gate(US Airways Terminal).  He also tells me I am going to miss my flight. As I'm running like crazy, I see another man getting directions from a TSA agent! Meanwhile, I'm standing OUTSIDE thinking "what the heck!" Finally the bus came and it dropped me off at the US Air terminal. Then I ran up an escalator, across a path and finally to TSA security where I had to go through security once again. As if they couldn't see I was out of breath. I know they looked at my ticket and saw my flight time! The TSA agent held up my screening because I took my laptop out of it's case and laid it "on top" of the thin, neoprene case. "I have to run this through again. You need to put the case in another bin and just leave the laptop in the bin all by itself." Wow! I haven't heard that one in ALL my travels!  I gave a grateful smile with an apology then ran like heck about 250+ feet to my gate. They were just closing the door!!!!!!  Sky Harbor needs a closed airport layout. You should never have to leave and go outside to a connecting flight!  Thats just dangerous security-wise. Until Sky Harbor has a seamless airport (i.e. Denver)  they need workers out in the terminal gates assisting travelers. They need TV monitors! Lots of them! Never again Sky Harbor! Never!
4	I'm a big fan of this airport. It's clean and easy to get around.  The security line can be long, but it moves pretty fast.  They used to have the rental cars at the airport, but now they have a location that contains all rental cars.  You have to take a bus.  Takes about 12 minutes each way.  Very easy.
3	I know this place intimately........good customer service from all the airlines, great fast check-in of luggage and the airlines are usually on time.  Food is mediocre though.  Baggage claim can be a bit of a wait though...usually 20-30 minutes.
2	Definitely not my favorite airport....*Horrible food options, no good bars.*Inefficient, long security lines nearly all the time*UGLY*no free wifi (Vegas has spoiled me!)*rental car place is FAR and takes awhile. You have to add an hour to your travel on either side to deal with the rental car pickup/return.I wish I could think of something remotely positive about this airport, but I can't !
1	I hate this place
3	Madhouse. I landed at 6 PM. (Early! I was excited! Unfortunately it did not last.)  It took me 40 minutes to get from my gate at the Southwest terminal to the baggage area. Then it took another 15 minutes to get to the rental car shuttle stop. The shuttles are always there to pick you up, though, so this was a plus. Then another 15-20 minutes or so to get to the rental car building as it is located WAY outside of the airport. I did not leave the rental car complex until 7:40 PM. I will write another review upon my return to the airport. Hopefully it will go much better than my arrival.
3	Flying into the C Concourse of Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport is kind of like walking onto the set of a 70's porn flick. The walls are brown, the floor looks like it hasn't been cleaned in ages and there might just be a vibrating bed somewhere around.That being said about it's appearance, I've been at worse airports. With the weather ususally being so nice, delays are at a minimum. There will be a ton of walking, which is great for the glutes. If you already have rock hard glutes, you can aim towards the automated people movers to get your rock hard self around. Oh yeah, and there's free WIFI which only seemed to work about half the time. Seems about right for free.I don't have any problems flying into PHX, I just would rather find another place to spend my layover.
3	Being stuck here from 10:00 to 1:30, I got to wander around Terminal C a lot.  They have a lot of interesting displays throughout this terminal (old Flight Attendant uniforms, playing card packs, etc) and a few places to eat (Sbarro and Dick Clark's), but I agree with MacRae, the decor and building is definitely stuck in the 80's.The free wifi is ok but you have to go around the terminal a bit to catch a good signal. I did ask a few people for help on getting to the bus pick-up and they had no idea...but a taxi stand person knew where I had to go.Check in on the return home went quickly, though would have been faster if stupid people weren't in front of me. The staff were pretty good, though.
4	I like Sky Harbor a lot. This could be because it's my "home" airport, in that I'm from Phoenix and I fly back pretty regularly (every 2 months or so).I'm comparing it to 2 other airports I also fly/flew out of frequently: Denver, and Spokane. Denver: nightmare. Spokane: heaven.Phoenix/Sky Harbor falls in between those two. SH is definitely not as hard to navigate as Denver. If you get lost in SH, you're pretty pathetic. No offense, but there are signs everywhere and you don't have to take a train. Also, there are moving walkways everywhere too. And, when I've been there, those skycap guys who drive you around (if you ask) are always around too. So you could ask for directions, if you were that lost.On the other hand, terminal 4 can be a nightmare... when it comes to parking/being dropped off. I've done both, many times, and hot damn. I'm really surprised more people don't get into accidents at SH when they drop off people. Also, the security guys outside yell at you if you dare stay there longer for any more than 5 seconds. I mean, really. I was carrying a heavy bag walking to my boyfriend's car when a security guy yelled at him to "keep moving." Ummm... I'm right here dude!! Sorry I can't run any faster to catch his car!I fly Southwest mostly, though I've flown Alaska (terminal 2). Terminal 2 is obviously a lot less bothersome than 4, because it's less used. However, I don't remember how good the food options are in Terminal 2 so... expect fast food.Terminal 4 has pretty great food options. They've got my requirements: Einstein's and Starbucks. They also have some Mexican food restaurant options, and a Cinnabon! They really have a lot of options, so you won't starve.Free wi-fi. YES!Bags arrive quickly. YES! When Denver totally ruins your bag (thanks, DIA!) and it finally gets delivered in Phoenix, the Southwest front desk people are really nice and accommodating, no matter how pissed you are. I'm speaking from personal experience, in case you couldn't tell! :)All in all, I'm always pleased with my trips to Phoenix. It's not as fabulous as Spokane but... it's also not Spokane, thank god!
3	free wifi yess!airport is a little run down, or not as modern as what i'm use to ie sfo & barcelona.None the less its clean just a little 1970s looking. You have to take an airport shuttle to get to their light rail. Its free and comes frequently. Security is fast I spent 10 mins going through. Tons of seating especially at night, at least in the united airlines gates. thank goodness for non-stop flights from sfo to phx. Makes flying there so comfortable! Overall, a good visit and a easy one.
3	Although driving around the airport finding terminals or exits can be somewhat confusing, once on foot inside it's very straight forward and easy to get around.Security line wait was very reasonable and gates easy to find.  Food wasn't anything special.  Like all airports, food and bottled water is overpriced and fair in quality.  I never expect much from airport food so Sky Harbor is right on par.Short term garage parking is plentiful but a little pricey.  Overall a decent experience with no real complaints.
3	Wi-fi rarely works. Parking bus system is slow and frustrating. The terminals need a makeover.
3	who care's really what my opinion of an airport is?  'nough said.
3	First time to fly into Phoenix was this past weekend.  Renting a car always seems to be the difficult part, but Sky Harbor has a pretty good system.  There is only one shuttle to the main rental car complex (it's a small airport in-itself) so it's pretty easy to get to the terminals and back.I didn't get to spend much time in the terminal... I arrived in the morning and had to rush to get into a car and drive to get to my destination... and when I was departing, it was early morning for a 7am flight - (not the hour I am the most observant).I guess I was lucky... no delays and problems for my trip.  I guess it's bad that I remember my layover airport more than my destination airport.
3	This off airport facility includes all Rental Companies. Take the bus from the middle curb at arrival level. Expect a 10 minute ride. If you're not Hertz Gold expect to wait in line to get your car. Although the weekly rates are low, facility taxes and fees could add a $100 to your bill.
4	Sky Harbor International Airport is the best international airport in Arizona. Ha, kidding. Seriously though I've been to a lot of airports and Sky Harbor is clean, the staff is friendly, and it's easy to navigate. They have pretty good eateries as well. They are doing a major construction project on the airport to add a high speed tram that will allow travelers to more easily get from terminal to terminal, as well as their cars if parked in long term parking. Once finished it should be even easier to get to where you need to be. Without much in the way of choices for airports it's good to have one that is so centrally located, easy to navigate, is comfortable, and has friendly people working there.
3	4 Stars for terminals 3 and 4, 1 star for terminal 2.One would think that United Airlines would tell Sky Harbor to update terminal 2 so their passengers don't feel like sardines packed into those tiny gates while waiting for their flight. What a disaster!I believe it was Thomas Friedman who said... "Asia's new airports look like they belong in The Jetsons while Sky Harbor Airport looks like it belongs in the Flintstones".
4	Another reason that I love the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport is because I can always get through the security in record speed. I have never waited longer than 10 minutes and that is pretty amazing.
4	I feel like I've spent most of my waking hours in airports sitting in Terminal 4.They've got a decent food court; however, Terminal 4 seems to be one of the more busier terminals (I think they mostly house the Southwest Airline gates), so if you're in a rush, you might want to opt for a sandwich from the newsstand instead. Terminal 4 is also home to a flock of sparrows. Nature never fails to entertain when you're waiting for a delayed flight. I haven't been pooped on yet, which is also a good thing.
4	Sky Harbor Airport has the coolest dog walking area I have ever seen! It has a small doggie drinking fountain... its shaded... and it even has a FIRE HYDRANT! I think I will take it upon myself to visit every airport in the country and review the pet sanitary situation! :)I am sure there is a website idea in there somewhere.
3	So, I guess I travel.I've been through enough airports to know about the good, the bad, and the ugly. Phoenix Sky Harbor is, well, it's fine, I guess. It gets you on a plane and into the air, which is really the point of the whole airport thing.Also... Phoenix Sky Harbor? I don't know how I feel about this name. Just a little offshoot for you, there. Think about it. Really. A sky harbor? It all sounds so nautical, and right in the middle of the desert. Also, it sounds like it's super fancy pants and I don't feel like it is.As another person pointed out, the "free wi-fi" is more a "free maybe you'll have internet for a minute and then it's not there anymore."That being said, it's pretty quick and it's pretty okay. There are not enough seats in the waiting area, either... but I don't mind. I like sitting on the floor. It's all grounding and whatnot.
3	depends on what terminal you're in. we were in one of the tiny terminals, so there's not much to do while waiting on your flight. can't complain too much though...anytime we're on a flight means vacation and that's ALWAYS happy times!
2	Get your walking shoes on this airport is pretty spread out without the aid of people movers. Also compared to newer updated airports, there are no power ports and the WiFi never connected on my laptop but worked on my iPhone.The airport needs some good upgrading in the near future.Bonus for not loosing my luggage and pick up and drop off locations are convenient and there are a ton of stores and eating places where you could easily have a 24 hr layover and never run out of food options.I noticed they had little museums scattered about the airport and it would have been fun to look at all of them if I had time.Security was quick and prompt and this is the first time I had the full body scan... I made sure to suck in my gut and flex.
4	It wasn't until recently, when Sky Harbor was listed as one of the busiest airports in the nation, that I developed the appropriate appreciation for this Air Hub.Sky Harbor maintains that small town feeling that you get from other airports like John Wayne, Des Moines, or Sioux City while moving the volume like Chicago O'Hare, George Bush, and Minneapolis St. Paul do.Understand that NO-ONE can rival the efficiency of Atlanta's Jackson Hartsfield Airport.  If it wasn't in Atlanta, that would be my FAVORITE Airport.  But it is and that leaves the Number 1 spot open for Phoenix Sky Harbor.Friendly Staff, Helpful People, Good Food, Nice Shops - This Airport has it all!  And at the core is a well laid out, well planned airport that can get you from your car (personal or rental) to your flight in a minimal amount of effort and with all of the charm and relaxed pace of a small town airport.I truly hope you enjoy your flight out of PHX and BACK!
2	Terminal 2 is possibly the slowest security  I have ever been through, anywhere. Allow plenty of time especially in the morning.
2	Your basic airport. Nothing special to get excited about.
1	We flew with Southwest, which was running 2 hours late due to weather on the east coast, hardly Sky Harbor's fault.  So, we didn't get there until 8:30PM on a Sunday.  All I needed to make me happy was a frozen yogurt and an open book store.  I had finished Game of Thrones the night before, and was hoping to find the sequel, or even just a magazaine to keep me occupied.  I struck out in both regards.  And then, they managed to lose our luggage.  So, in all, Sky Harbor, you disappoint me!
4	What can I say.. It's an airport, I don't spend much time here I usually arrive about 45 minutes before they board the plane. I've never had to stand in security very only except after the Fiesta bowl. employees seem nice, TSA has never bothered me. I like smaller airports like this one and Burbank CA.
4	Never a delay and that's why I am a fan!
3	A quick update after my first business trip in more than 8 months:As a nursing mom, I now have more to worry about when going through security.  At 5am on a Friday (which is actually quite busy because of all the business travelers returning home to the East Coast).  TSA had to place each of my clear bags into the bomb-matter-detecting machine, but the agent was more than courteous, explaining the process and what would happen if the machine alarmed.  Luckily it didn't.  Even though I had over a dozen bags that had to be scanned, I was done in 5 minutes.There's not much in the Delta portion of Terminal 3, but Starbucks and Wendy's are usually open for breakfast, though the lines are quite long.Now that the construction is done, it's much easier to find the rental car shuttle.  And I was pleasantly surprised at how short the wait was at 12:30am, despite the multitude of people who'd arrived late like me.   The rental car shuttles always smell quite strongly of soapy air freshener, almost to the point of making me sick.  I guess that's better than smelling dirty, but it is quite overpowering. #Yelp365 - 169/365
3	A-ok.  Love that they have a Paradise Bakery Cafe though they did not carry my lemon sugar cookie.  Generally pretty quick & convenient though TSA lines are long & slower than many airports of the same size.  If you have different airlines for your connections you may have to go in & out of different terminals which also means visiting TSA again...dislike.Be warned they do not expect proper etiquette from pet owners.  Lady pulled out her pet parakeet and it was practically flying around & generally bothering people.  They informed there was no leash law & nothing they could do to make the pet owner & her pet behave with some decorum!
3	Yes, I'm doing a FOOD review of an airport. The airport is an airport like all others so it does what it should but nothing beyond that so a Food review is appropriate :)Compared to other large airports the food options here suck. Would be nice to have some decent places: real deli, actual sit-down food... not the crap they serve from the same few kitchens and relabel.Looks at the Denver Airport, San Francisco, and many others that have good food, locally owned places, etc.Come on PHX mgmt... remove head from rear.
5	This place is clean and Big a bit confusing but definitely different from the last time I flew out of here 6yrs ago! They did a great job with how everything is arranged here I think my favorite was the Baggage Claim - it reminded me of Vegas!! The fact that the Car Rental place has its own Garage and is organized so well says a lot!
3	I've never had a tough time checking into Sky Harbor.  I do have trouble picking people up because I don't read the signs correctly :)  If my flights delayed I know that I can chill at one of the great bars they have in the Terminal 4.
4	A decent airport that features free wifi, limited shopping, and average TSA employees.  The lines are seldom long and their retired people in Purple that go out of their way to help you out.  They are building a sky train which will make transportation between terminals easier.  I would give this airport a 3 but free wifi makes me have to give it a 4 :) *insider tip: terminal 4 has showers in the bathrooms by the baggage claim
3	Meh. I like many things about Sky Harbor, but I hate the WiFi; it's worse than pathetic.It's a very efficient operation, otherwise, and I have never had any issues with getting through the airport and to the gates on time.I love that they provide children's television programming, and small seating for the kids.But please, do something about the WiFi.
3	The only airport I've had a layover in that offers free WiFi, but of course I couldn't get it to work!
2	I despise this airport.I've breezed through check-in and security before, but enough times it's been the utter nightmare from hell so it forces you to arrive 2 hours early for a flight.Renting a car here is ridiculous.  It's the absolute longest ride on a shuttle to the "rental car center" that I've ever seen.  I'm not joking.  Add another 15-20 minutes to that 2 hour lead time, folks.  And there are no gas stations around it, probably because if there were it would get robbed daily.The fallout shelter design--the place is a concrete bunker, after all--while hardening the facility in the case of a direct nuclear strike, also prevents cell phone reception.  Don't count on being able to call people and say "i'm here, come get me." when you are in baggage claim.Phoenix has special place in US aviation.  Yes, it may be one of the only major hub airports that will shut down because it's too damn hot to fly.  Be warned.On the plus side, the concessions are fairly decent (if somewhat forgettable), and it's pretty easy to get a non-stop flight to/from here from most places in the country.  Free wi-fi, but that's starting to become the norm rather than the exception.Meh.
3	ummm one problem how the hell am I supposed to know there is a north and south side at baggage claim?!? That was an experience.  I'm so used to OAK; SFO; and LAX guess now that I moved here I better figure it out:)
2	Really, the only redeeming quality of this garbage airport is the free wi-fi. It gets two stars for that, and that's it.The place is huge and it doesn't have any sort of rapid transit to navigate the place. There are just tons of long hallways and those stupid flat escalator things (their name is escaping me, and I'm really tired/pissed at airports right now). We arrived at 9pm and every damn restaurant in the place was closed, so I had to settle for a crappy bag of peanuts for dinner. BLASPHEMY!The entire time I was here (2 hours, maybe), I felt like I was in the coldest, most boring, deserted hallway where you could hear a pin drop from miles away; and the airport literally feels like it is miles long.
3	I'm a fan of this airport however not a fan of the crappy terminal from which I had to depart.  American Airlines terminal really sucks for food and amenties, at least for the early morning flights. They have plenty of interesting choices prior to the security check, but once past, forget about it.  Speaking of security, really easy and efficient to get through.
2	"It's grey with green and white plaid," I tell the lady at the customer service desk. "The brand is Burton."My bag. It was up in the air somewhere after they checked it in at the gate, said there weren't any more spaces in the overhead bin. Of course, when I get to my seat, there's a vacuum of space, and the flight attendant didn't check to see when my flight was landing in Cabo. I had a four hour lay-over.This gave me plenty of time to wander around Phoenix Sky Harbor. This airport is massive. Shaped like a giant rectangle with four gates connected by long corridors and automatic walkways, it's kind of amazing how much space there is. But take a peek outside the expanse of windows, through the sweltering 110+ degree midday glare you can see why--there's simply not a lot of stuff in Phoenix but desert, a few buildings, and a range of mountains.The food here isn't much to write home about, a lot of repeat offenders like Starbucks, Burger King, Cinnabon, and a few local eateries. There's also a few really sad California Pizza Kitchen ASAP kiosks here that are so small they don't even serve pizza, they've got just enough room for a fridge packed with salad. Strange.So I'm wandering around the baggage claim area, hoping they didn't lose my luggage. I look at my ticket my baggage re-routing order, "Grey with green and white plat." WTF. And later I find out that my bag was put on the next flight to Cabo, and got there three hours before I did. If there's anything like purgatory here on earth, this is it.
1	Worst International Airport in the United States. And I've been traveling for three decades.What makes it horrible is anytime you have a connecting flight you must do two horrible, extremely inefficient things:1.) Walk half a mile (I'm not exaggerating) to get to the domestic main terminals - with very limited moving platforms. It's so complicated and looong that they have people in purple to guide you as you carry your luggage for 20 minutes while your back and hands are in pain. Other airports have trams and buses near the customs/terminal areas to make it simple and fast. 2.) You have to go through the whole security checkpoint again, despite doing it at your previous destination / layovers. What airport does this? Ridiculous. The only good side is the people are friendly (but part of that is because they have a ton of staff to guide you through your 1 hour journey from terminal to your next airline). If you must, remember to bring a redbull and do some stretches. It'll be a looooong way for your connecting flight if you travel international to domestic. Worst airport in America for efficiency.
3	This is the airport of my childhood, so it holds a special place in my heart. Being a child of divorce, I flew back and forth from PHX to California on a regular basis so I know Terminal 4 like the back of my hand. Other than my nostalgia however, this airport is just OK. In my travels there as an adult, I haven't had too many troubles with it. The security lines generally suck and it's a hike to get to your gate so hopefully you're not in a hurry. But there's apparently free wifi, so... there's that.
5	After reading other more recent reviews I thought I would update my original review. I still feel that this is a great airport. I have traveled through here probably 400+ times and I will continue doing so (for my job.)Compared to other airports this one is by far the easiest for it's size.It seems as though the most common complaint is how far you have to walk. I guess that is a fair criticism. I actually enjoy the little amount of exercise you get by walking, but to each their own.
2	Insanity!  Overcrowding!  Being on one side of the Southwest terminal and then to run your ass to the otherside to make your connecting flight in what seems like a mile away at the otherside of the terminal.  (It is set up like a giant U.  So it is quite the jog).The food places in here stink, the bathrooms are cramped and there are not enough seats for everyone waiting for their flight.  In short, this airport stinks.  The only saving grace is the quality customer service from the employees.
3	It's nothing amazing in terms of food and store selection. Two of the three terminals have next to nothing. If you have time to kill, it's not my favorite airport to be in. Having said that, it's easy to maneuver if you need to pick someone up or drop them off, and parking is pretty reasonable for the terminals if you have to park and meet someone.
4	As someone who lives in Phoenix, I give Sky Harbor an enthusiastic 5 stars: the airport is incredibly close to downtown, you can park at the terminal and be walking through security about 2 minutes later, and the security line is rarely long.  Combined, these attributes enable me to leave my house about an hour before my flight, which makes the airport a winner in my book.However.... I can see how the airport would be lacking a bit for the connecting traveler.  Decor's a little outdated, some of the food options downright suck (Blue Burrito, anyone?) and seating can be hard to come by during popular flight times.  I consider the advertising for "free Wifi" to be a cruel joke, as it's taken about 10 minutes to load a single page each time I've tried.  The airport probably deserves 2-3 stars for connections, and I'll round up due to the fact that PHX has great weather, which minimizes weather-related delays.Taking the average, 4 stars: not too shabby :)
2	Hmmm...Phoenix Airport.Let's see what we have. The one thing a hub should not do is make it difficult to get from Flight A to Flight B. A mandatory walk across the airport is not good. I bought spinners so I could get around airports on transfers. That carpet will not let you roll yours easily. The bathrooms are minimal in size. Screens you have to squint at to view arrivals and departures are another underwhelming feature there. Oh well. Getting liquored up here at the many bars/restaurants is Ground Harbor's one redeeming feature. They do have some decent southwestern faire though.
2	Is messy and gates are everywhere! If your gate changes they don't tell you unless you ask, that would have been nice to know considering the fact that i almost missed my flight cause I was NEVER told my gate changed, not only did it change but it was clear on the other side of the freakin airport!!! The food lines are rediculous and the food is WWAAYY over priced!! The cashiers at the shops are more interested in "airport" drama than letting me buy my diet coke and peanuts
3	I've been flying US Airways lately and so I've had to connect through Phoenix this past week and will have to again next week. Nothing special about this airport. At least the terminals for my connections are close by to each other. There is a decent selection of food here so on my short layovers I can grab a quick bite to eat. The one unique thing about this airport that I found was that their paging system utilizes the Droid Voice. I found it to be quite amusing when I first heard it.
4	Wow, I am totally for airports with WiFi.  Give us a break and let us enjoy some surfing online and email checking.  Food here was average.  I ate this Yoshi's Chinese food and it was greasy.  Oh well, this place is getting huge.  Skytram will be coming in 2013 which will connect to light rail into parts of Phoenix.  Pretty cool!!!!  The scenery is just fantastic seeing all the mountains around you.  Great walk around terminals A, B, C, and D.  It's basically a big U shaped with arteries.  Great for speed walking before your plane leaves.
2	Not much to say about C 3 gate except yuk and gross.  Old looking and outdated carpeting and seating.  You better have some good shoes and good wheels on your suitcase.  The carpet was ripped up in places and it doesn't allow for efforlless pushing.  You must pull your bag if you need to get around quickly. Really?  You put a food vendor right next to the men's bathroom??  It's already tight enought trying to get in/out of the bathroom as it is with those small doorways.  You have to wait and let the other person pass or your either bang into each other or your luggage will get all caught up.  Stop building trams and restaurants and build better/bigger bathrooms.  Now for the coup de grace:   DISGUSTING - especially since I saw a number of men who came out of the stall and didn't wash their hands.  When I came out of the bathroom, two of them were standing in line to get food at California Pizza Kitchen.  Really?? all I could think about was their germ/bacteria laden hands toucing napkins/utensils. Even the money that might have been used to give me change.   CPK?  you need the location/money that bad? The seating areas (at least for this terminal) are few and cramped.  I've never seen such self righteous fliers who think their bag deserves a seat  when other people are standing or looking for seating.  Ugh.... SKY HARBOR - Epic #Fail!
1	Phoenix Sky Harbor, I've seen your plans for light rail connecting the terminals and the rental car center and they look glorious. 2015 can't come soon enough though --- the rental car center transportation (and the rental car center itself) as it is now is the worst I've seen.Why is it the worst you ask?- the shuttles from the terminal to the RCC and from the RCC to the terminals wait until they are mostly full to leave which means you could be sitting on the shuttle for 15 minutes before it even gets moving. Other airports have no problem keeping their shuttles in the move.- there are a lot early flights out of PHX (like get to the airport no later than 4am flights) and there are hardly any staff around at that time so everything us slower than usual. The last thing I want to do is get up even earlier to deal with that...- the garages are massive and not well signed... You keep driving and driving in it trying to leave or return your car thinking, did I miss it? Until 8 minutes later you see a sign with tiny lettering pointing you in the next direction.All I can say, fellow Yelpers, is that I wish you luck and recommend you build an extra 30-45 minutes if airport time into your trip if you're renting a car.The airport itself is fine. Not a huge airport, the food options are regular old airport food options. The baggage claim/ticketing/security areas are all fine. Nothing special or awesome but no real complaints. The nice thing about flying through PHX is that there are rarely flights delays due to weather!
1	There is nothing simple about this airport. Security sucks. if you are connecting from one airline to another, you have to go through securtiy again. and they don't care how short a window is for  your connection. If you have to go to another terminal to connect, there are no signs to tell you which airlines are in which terminal. Employees are not helpful. I hate this airport. I would rather have a root canal than to fly into/connect through sky harbor.
2	This is just an okay airport - the layout is not great, although I do have to give props to them for easy car rental terminals.
3	Compared to SFO and OAK, this place feels tiny. I was only here to transfer planes but I was able to stop by one of the shops. Always, always always look at the monitors before you walk over to your gate. There's not much else to look at. Since this was my first impression of this airport, I'll keep it at an average rating. I'll be traveling more in the next 6 months so hopefully I come back through and get to review it fully.
2	The airport is clean and looks like its been recently renovated. I'm not really fond that the rental car location is 10  minutes away though. Also, i dislike how you have to do a full body scan and get your fingers swiped for bomb stuff.. its like... really? out of all the airports ive been to, this is the only one that made me do it. lastly, the US airways employee at the airport booked me the wrong flight.!!! she gave me a ticket but when she put us in teh system, it was to a different place. we ended up staying in phoenix another night since there were no more flights back to so.cal.. NOT COOL! AND, they wouldnt even cover the cost of the hotel. They only offered a discount.. suppppppper lame!
2	Fuck this airport. TPA represent!
5	Mid size American airport with very good organization, very straight forward, no hassle. Security is a little slow and priority lane isn't really priority, it's more of "let's make fun of first class flyers getting pissed" lane, so let's welcome first class flyers with big giggle!! Many stores and food quality is okay. Seating areas are limited, at least for the Terminal 3 before security, so be aware. Lots of volunteers working here to guide you to the right place, there may be more volunteers than passengers. Haha.
3	Let's face it, flying somewhere is stressful. So when I get to an airport my evaluation will be mostly based on how efficiently do you get me to my flight. Wifi and food are supplementary to me cause I'm usually on red-eyes. That said PHX is 3 stars. Security seems understaffed and rental car station is pretty distant. If you have to return a car add 20 to 30 minutes to your time.
1	Poor service, long check-in process and time...total hassle. Will never, ever rent from them again.
3	Not a big fan of this airport, to be honest. Luckily, since I hate US Airways and rarely fly Southwest anymore, I am rarely here anymore. That being said, occasionally I actually DO end up in Phoenix, so I'm certainly familiar with PHX.Connecting is fine, as long as you stay on the same airline. The airport can be large, but the airlines that you connect on (really just Southwest and US Airways) keep their operations pretty compacted so it's never very hard to connect. Once, I flew in on Southwest and my friends were flying in about 20 minutes later on US Airways. I had no problem wandering over and meeting them at their gate with time for a Starbucks stop along the way. Food choices are "meh"...overall appearance of the airport is "meh", but it gets the job done. One thing is that if connecting over the summer, and there are lines waiting for takeoff, it can get hot in the plane in that nasty Arizona summer sun. That stinks. As an origin/destination airport, it's not so great. It's fairly close to downtown which is nice, but that also results in some pretty heavy traffic on the highways at times, which can add a chunk of time to your comings and goings. The rental car facility is also more or less in Tucson and can take forever to get to/from. If you end up with that perfect storm of traffic + rental car drop off, give yourself LOTS and LOTS and LOTS of time! Seriously, the place gets the job done, but that doesn't mean I have to love it.
3	Used Phoenix Sky Harbor airport many, many times over the years and have never had a major issue.This airport is massive in size!! Luckily they have moving floors to expedite the process and they also have people driving small vehicles that work on tips only.  Don't think that because you are connecting planes your gates will be close.  It is worth paying a dollar or two tip to get the ride especially when you are in a hurry.This airport has more than one Starbucks location.  The Southwest terminal has a Starbucks right after security so depending on where you are flying out of it is possible to get your coffee fix after going through TSA.And free wifi!!  Sort of.  It doesn't work very well in certain parts of the airport.  There will be times when it appears though it has connected but it doesn't work.  At least you know you have the option if luck be on your side.
3	PHX makes me angry every time I have to go simply because of the crowds in Terminal 4.  I dig the food options, free wi-fi and speedy security lines; but once I make my way to the gate I'm always annoyed with the general lack of space/seating.
4	Great organization, rarely have to wait in lines, nice people and free wi-fi.  Out of the airports I fly into this is by far the best. Still only 4 stars because you may be great - but airports are still somewhat of a hassle!
3	Sky Harbor can be nice or awful, depending on where exactly you are.  The terminals vary widely in amenities and food options offered, or so it's been my experience.  The airport is pretty well labeled and it's easy to figure out where you're going.  The doors are well labeled so if someone is picking you up at the curb, it's pretty easy to tell them where you're at.They've upgraded there rental car facility and it's pretty nice, even if it is off the airport kind of.  The airport itself is a bit frustrating to drive through since the signs for the freeways can be confusing.  As someone who lived in PHX for a number of years, I get annoyed by their freeway signs and always end up confusing myself.  Overall, it's an ok airport.  I've seen a lot better and a lot worse.  I find myself here often and would like some improvements - like some more options put inside certain terminals - but I'll survive without them.
3	This airport is laid out fairly well.However, 2 negatives make it an airport I try to avoid in business travel. The rental car location is too far away and poorly marked and my #1 beef: The TSA is slower here than any place other than Las Vegas. In a couple of years, there's supposed to be a light rail system linking Sky Harbor. A smart idea would be to locate rental cars along the light rail path. We'll see if this happens.
5	It's very easy to figure out and it has free wifi and available outlets. Traveled here on a Sunday at around 7PM and there was NO line at all. Security was quick and painless. That's really all I ask of an airport, and that is what I got. Thanks!
1	We have concluded that anyone that has anything nice to say (Other than it's clean) about the employees/TSA/ or Airline employees (Especially U.S. Airways) has been paid by a social media company or employer  to Yelp good things. One in particularly, sounded as if it were written straight from HR...Good organization... LOL.  Anyway, believe all of the horror stories that you hear about airports and TSA. They are more than likely all true.  I'm looking for other options now but if it comes down to just staying put I'd rather do that, personally.  I'll never fly U.S. Airways again. They didn't even give my husband and I seats together. After more research I discovered that this is a trick that they do to pump more money out of couples.  The days of "Thank you for flying with us" or "Happy travels" is a thing of the past. We all know why but the scary thing is that there are not any checks and balances In place for the TSA.  They have no fear of being as horrid as they wish. If you give them any offence they threaten with the police who are all but ready to go nuts on anybody. However, they were not as bad as the TSA and actually helped us a little.  Since there's a monopoly now with airlines they do not have any need to be pleasant and believe me U.S. Airways is the worst from the obnoxious and loud flight attendant, to the old nasty planes, to the pilot that says on loud speaker, "Keep it moving one bag on top and one on the bottom you are delaying the plane." We had all just gotten on to board and it's as if the pilot was already blaming us for his enviable lateness.  Nothing can compare to what TSA did and it's unbelievable. I actually spilled an ICEE  because some woman that jumped out at me and said we're doing extra screening today mam"... You know you'll have to throw that away before you get up there." She scanned me on my hand and right before I went up to the line I threw it away and missed.  I apologized to the lady sitting in front that saw me... Suddenly this mean old lady comes out and the girl just says there was a spill. This woman said, "Who did it" so harshly that the girl wouldn't rat on me. I honestly think that if she had I would have gone to jail right then and there.  The woman says who did it!!! Like the Soup Nazi and I just said, I don't know but she had on a brown shirt and blue jeans you cannot let her get away with this. LOL.  I swear this TSA woman had a gun on her hip and said, that she couldn't handle it and left.  Needless to say it was tough right at the get go but it just got worse and worse and yes I had to endure the famous pat down too. The second Soup Nazi was giving me orders and I honestly thought that she wanted me to lift my shirt so I did.  You should have watched this bitch put on a show like I had offended her deepest core of her soul.  I feared that she wouldn't recover from the shock and I'm telling you I'm cute. LOL.  I'm not that hard on the eyes.  She recovered enough to do the pat down as if that $60 million dollar x-ray, (that most likely killed my white blood cells) couldn't get everything on my person. The story is longer and crazier and it ended up that we got on the plane and then we were called off of the plane and we just left. The only good thing that I can say is that U.S. Airways did refund our money and so did Expedia.  However, we missed our trip and lost $500.00  for a psychodrama workshop. Oh, one of the TSA agents asked me where I was going. I thought that saying Berkeley, CA would be  a good thing because it's one State over.... How likely am I to highjack a plane that's going two hours away? He grunted back to me..."Berkeley why do you want to go to Berkeley" as though I had said Death Valley.  Once I answered the psychodrama workshop he had no response because he had no clue what it was. LOL.  I have spoken with a friends of my mother's who was a child in France right before the Nazi's invaded. She said that America has that same eerie feeling right now that she cannot shake. I didn't really get it until Thursday but I agree now. I don't think that it's a color thing... I think that it's a new American Terrorist group called the TSA from Homeland Security and it's them or us.  We are seen as pesky insects that are trying to get them and they have to get us first. It's as if no one said to them look, most of these people are just business or vacation travelers so be pleasant and do your job.  They definitely need checks and balances and someone there to handle their misconduct. They are completely out of control.  What happened in Afghanistan has nothing to do with this ongoing horror that has been unleashed on the American public. Perhaps, we are just getting ready for what is to become once the Chinese takes over. LOL. Oh, and just because U.S. Airways claims that they allow carry-on pets every employee there treated us as if we had a patient with Leprosy with us from the ticket booth through TSA.
4	Good airport. A lot of food and stores. There are "random" TSA checks upon entering a plane.
3	Going through security is a breeze here! I never had to worry about excruciatingly long lines through security. With that being said this airport is vintage, putting it nicely.Of course it's not a large scale airport but there need to be some renovations. And the airport has a strange odor or should I say a vintage odor to put it nicely. So overall it's an ok airport, nothing to brag about.
5	Of all the maaaaaannnnnny airports I've been through, this is one of my favorites due to the organization, variety of food options, and the usually cool art. Perhaps I've been lucky, but I've always been able to breeze through security in very decent timeframes, and the agents here are among the nicest in any airport. PHX's consolidated approach to handling car rentals should be required in every American airport...as well as the "Rental Car Return" signage on the way to the airport. PHX has Volunteer Navigators, who are most helpful in an airport this size. This airport is either quite large, or very spread out.
2	This airport is old.  It feel weary, and wrinkly and sun beaten, much like those old women who look like gila monsters who stayed out in the sun too long during their youth.  The airport layout is confusing with the terminals all in a straight line and piers off those terminals at odd places.  In order to get from terminal to terminal, you need to walk.  They do have moving walkways, but people refuse to walk on them.  I hate these people.  Or worse, they don't walk, preferring to amble or perambulate their slow ass down the rubber highway.  I have a limited connection time usually and I don't want to get stuck here, so please move faster.  I fly US Airways, and this is their sorriest hub.  Inherited from the merge with America West, it doesn't even feel like a hub.  There are no flat screen monitors for flights waiting you when you deplane.  Instead there are a few monochromatic CRT displays that look like they went with my 386 computer back in the day, running DOS.  SimCity what???So I don't like it here.  I'm not sure what they can do to make me like it, but a better way to connect terminals would be a start.
1	I would like you to know this was a HORRIBLE experience & me and my family will NOT be returning.So we were in a lay over coming from Cancun then to SFO everything was fine until after we picked up our luggage to recheck it in.We noticed the two families from our flight going into the same area but before that we have to show our card with our family members name on it well the two families before us were able to go ahead but this man told us we have to go to the side to have a man re look through all our bags which made NO sense because we literally just picked them up and the families ahead of us were able to go so I brushed it off as if whatever but in the back of my head wondered why this man let those families go through with no problem?So we got to the last station were we believe the workers name was Perea?but we heard another man call him Alvin by the first name,talk about RUDE! He asked if we had food I said one piece of a hamburger left maybe like 2 inches and he yells "IS IT PORK?!"and I proceeded to say ,"no I believe it is meat,you can take it if you'd like" and he yells back at me, "UH NO THIS IS NOT TRASH CAN" & let me inform you this is in front of my family my mother,little sister,& grandmother so we just look at each other like OK?so he informs us to put our suitcases on the machine to have them go trough so we start out with my 70 year old grandmother who's bag weighs about 26 pounds this man yells at her!Saying"DON'T THROW IT ON THERE"now tell me how is my 70 year old grandmother going to throw a 26 pound bag?!so we proceeded to put ours and once again yells at us to not throw it,I'm not sure if this man needs a nap or a raise but he was scum and deff needs to be talked to. So that experience sucked so finally got our baggage re checked for our next flight now to head to the security/TSA department now let me say something really quick I am NOT racist I am Hispanic & most of my friends are Caucasian but how I was treated in the TSA department was HORRID! We got our Passports checked and were told to go through the security as is everyone else, well we were on one side,there was a group of Indian decent men in front of us,a Caucasian family behind us & in the booth next to us only Caucasian people.So we put our stuff through the machine next to a TSA machine & also a metal detector.I'd like to know  how come the Caucasian woman working sent the Caucasian group of people next to us all through the regular metal detector but had my whole family and the Indian men in front of us go through the TSA machine but as soon as I'm waiting for my turn in the TSA this woman let the cacusian people behind me just go through the metal detector!!!!!! I'd like to say that's some bullshit especially because all I was wearing was a tank top shorts and flip flops NO JEWELRY! What could it had hurt if I went through the regular detector!!!!This makes no sense to me and as soon as I walk out the TSA machine ANOTHER woman working there stops me and rechecks me with a hand metal detector!!!! are you shitting me?! My family just standing there looking at me like are you serious?! So this makes no sense to me and is just pushing me to make even a bigger uproar.So when she was done I proceeded to get my belongings and walk out but the flapping door wouldn't push open so I had to pull it towards me to get out and the woman YELLS,"NO it's the other way PUSH IT!"seriously if it worked the other way I would have I'm not an idiot it says PUSH but it wasn't exactly even on the sides so it wouldn't. Finally we had gotten out that area and proceeded to our Terminal where all the seats were taken up and 6 were taken up by a Caucasian man who felt the need to sleep across all the chairs we tried to wake him to move but nope nothing so we proceeded to tell the  woman working can you please have him move but did she do anything??oh OF COURSE NOT so we were left to sit on the ground!! Thank you! I have to say we were so disappointing we heard Arizona was disliked for some of their racial issues and also are being attacked by LULZSEC and the hacking of Arizona police but DAMN REALLY?No wonder it's so hott it is HELL.p.s. They say they have free WIFI but it didn't work on my Iphone or Laptop.and for a update they called me to apologize & said it had nothing to do with my race,that maybe I WAS HAVING AN OFF DAY?!wow....I appreciate them actually calling back but the least they could of offered me a Starbucks gift card comeeeeeeeeeeeeee on.
2	My recommendation: Stay close to your gate because their loudspeakers aren't very...loudThey have Free WiFi!I've been to a lot of airports and PHX is definitely not one of my favorite.  Food, drink, and amenities at this airport are seriously lacking.  These are all important factors to consider when you have a delay or layover and want something decent to eat.  Stay away from eating in the sports bars in this airport.But all of what I'm saying really probably doesn't really matter since who really has any choice in airport these days anyways!
2	99% of people traveling the SAN-SJC/SFO route go directly or through LAX. I decided to be a bit adventurous and span my reach out into the desert to explore PHX, to which I have never been before. Sure it cost me 3 extra hours, but it also solidified the notion in my mind that PHX is a piece of shit. During my 2 hour layover, this is what I discovered:- For some reason, one satellite of Terminal A is close to empty, while the other side is barely navigable. - There is absolutely no good food options. All you have to choose from is your typical Burger King-style fast food and other chains that seem like a normal option but turn out to be just as bad and tasteless.- Everything is just so plain and boring. The walls are a nasty sandy color. The people walking through all have this monotone "don't bother me" look on their face, or maybe that's just what flying does to people these days. The carpets have no life in them, and neither do the employees. It's basically one big shithole.- Toilets are complete crap. If I move for just a slight second, that doesn't mean you have to flush everything down and spray water everywhere. That's just disgusting.At least they have free Wi-Fi...
3	Lots of construction going on here. But the traffic is never heavy so its ok. they have decent places to grab food and have cool trinquet shops for souvenirs . I come here cause I don't think there is a choice.
5	Love this place, only lived in the Phoenix area for a year and have already been here at least ten times. First, if you are picking up family. They have two cell parking lots! You can park there and wait for your guest to call you when they fly in. Then just do a drive by to pick them up! Very easy!! With the way security is now, there is no reason to park in the parking lot and come inside to wait for who ever you are picking up. TSA check point is not that bad at all when you are flying out. I love this place!
4	We recently flew to Denver from Phoenix and were very pleased with the efficency and friendliness of all the people working there. They made the whole process very easy and everything went smoothly thanks to their expertise. The Denver Airport had a lot more places to eat but they were very rude there. Yay, Phoenix, for doing such a great job!
4	Phoenix is one of the nicer airports that I have visited. I love the large area of restaurants and shopping to pass the time. The airport is very clean as well. No worries at this airport!
4	I have been in only about six or seven airports, but this one definitely stands out in my memory as being the nicest.  Due to a missed connection, I had to spend a good 11 hours in this airport on standby for a red-eye to Charlotte, NC.  And while spending that much time in an airport is never fun, if it had to happen, I'm glad it happened here.  There are a lot of options for food.  The lighting is bright and cheery (as opposed to the dismal airport we landed at in Charlotte), and there was free wireless internet (always a major plus for me).  And it was clean!  I never thought I would care about the cleanliness of an airport, but once you have to spend half a day in one, it definitely starts to matter.
3	It's a pretty airport. But it's pretty spread out. Maybe it's just the US Airways gates or something ... I don't like how both times I went through here on my connecting flights I had the walk of justice to get from one gate to another on the same airline, 1.5 hours apart. I don't even have that problem at ATL.Also - I can never hear when their employees speak over the loud speaker. It's supposed to be LOUD isn't it? I always stop and think, "are they talking to me?" You never know what they are saying.I haven't had a problem with any delays or cancellations or anything. I just don't like the layout.
4	Easy airport to get to get to and navigate thru security, parking, your gate, etc, although the food selection is rather sparse once you get past security. The security lines are virtually non-existent, except for that morning after the Auburn National Championship game. Funny - I don't remember who they played, do you ever remember the loser of a title game? Anyways, the lines were practically out the door that morning.
3	small, plenty of escalators and elevators, security lines are short.
4	Plenty of places to eat but this airport is massive!
3	i have only been to this airport for layovers between New Orleans and San Jose. There are some positive aesthetic things going on here at the airport. It's definitely got it's intriguing points. But practicality-wise, not as great. I've had to run from one terminal to a few over to catch a flight for a layover. each "terminal" is really small, with about 12 gates each. So be prepared to run to catch your flight if need be.
4	Decent airport.  Relatively clean.  Southwest is terminals are easy to get to.  No security lines.  If you're not used to the heat though, this is truly... the gateway to hell.What makes this airport a win?  Thundarr the Barbarian reruns in the kids area next to my gate.  I almost missed boarding zoning out this this ish.
4	Day 037/365Yelp Challenge 2011I ate a delicious black bean/two cheese/no lard burrito at the Blue Burrito Grille, located near gate A20, in the US Airway wing.  The lemonade was also bottomless ("immediate refills only" said their sign, didn't specify how long "immediate" really was).  There's also two CPK take out locations, along with a TCBY, and a Burger King, all in the same one area.  I haven't had TCBY since college.I emailed Levi in Tucson and let him know that I was just passing through AZ.  I've never been to the actual towns of Phoenix or Tuscon.
4	SkyHarbor seems to be cleaning up its act. The TSA lines are shorter and more are open than I remember from the past. I like the free wifi and the restaurant and shop choices are good. This is still a super busy airport, especially on SouthWest.
4	I travel a lot! And I have to say Phoenix Sky Harbor is my fav airport so far!  Never any issues with getting to where I need to go or coming back.  Always look forward to the next I have to travel on through!
2	Don't believe your flight attendant when they say your connection gate is "just in the next hall over, don't worry, it's not a whole different terminal, you have plenty of time to catch it." Bah! The fail to mention you have to get off the plane, go alll the way to the end of your terminal, then cross the hallways connecting your terminal to the next, and go alll they way down the next lettered terminal. On your way on and off the planes it is hot as heck, but I guess we have to blame phoenix for that, not the airport themselves.Poor food selection, especially when you are limited to the one cart directly next to your gate since they are already halfway done boarding.
3	Sky Harbor is a good airport.You can get in and out quickly. Plenty of taxis available. The airport is really close to Phoenix and all Phoenix suburbs.The food options are great but go before security as the quality and quantity both go down after the scanner.You can go through security with an electronic boarding pass on your cell phone no need for printing.The new body scanners are used. TSA is still figuring out how to optimize the flow of passengers as they use the old and new scanners in parallel.TSA picks randomly who will go through the new scanner. The bottom line is that you could by-pass the new scanner and jump in front of the people waiting in the new scanner. However you still have to wait for your luggage to go through X-rays. no time saving.The smell around gates B9-14 was terrible and it was early in the morning.
5	I've flown out of this airport for quite a while now, since I have lived in Phoenix for several years, and I have to say, its quite a nice airport.  Sky Harbor has three Terminals, (terminal 2, 3 and 4) but it seems that most people fly out of Terminal 3 and 4...well, at least I have.  Plus, since I've had several family members and friends come in and out, I've had really positive experiences picking them up as well.My most recent visit was to Terminal 3, and it was really fun and easy getting in and out of here. I was dropped off by a friend, went inside and checked my luggage.  Security was easy, and off to my flight I went.  Plenty of places to eat and hang out in here, plus you get free wifi at the airport!  I hate running down my battery, so I try to plug it in when and where I can.  More challanging to find a plug if the airports busy, but its big enough to find one if you really scour.I also like that theres plenty of places to eat in AND out of the security area.  Makes waiting for a flight much easier, because if I want a cup of coffee, bagel, or something more substantial, I don't have to go through security to get it.  I've taken a few friends to the airport, parked the car, and gone in and had a quick bite to eat with them before their flight takes off.  I've also helped my mom navigate this place as well for when she gets into town so she knows where shes going.  My dad? not so much.  He prefers to navigate his own way.  LOL.There's also rental car counters in here as well, who will help you get into a vehicle when you arrive.  love it!Baggage claim here is quick.  I mean, its FAST.  Be prepared to get off your flight and go directly to get your bags, otherwise your gonna be late getting them!  Also, there's plenty of ground transportation here, so you can grab a taxi, super shuttle or what not to get a ride home in case you do not have one.  Even though I have never used it, there's also plenty of on and off site parking here as well.  Off site is obviously cheaper, and most of the spots have coupons along with regular shuttles to and from the lots to the terminals.  I also like how the light rail connects to Sky Harbor as well.Love you sky harbor, keep up the good work!
4	I like this airport, it's huge. I usually dislike oversized hubs but I like Phoenix. It's layout is friendly and organized, the long, flat, escalators make you feel like your super-human-power-walking, love it.It has a ton of shopping and good bars. I think there is 11 jewelry stores in the airport alone, which would suck if it were anywhere else, but when your in Arizona your in the Mecca of awesome craft jewelry masters from all the local Native American tribes. That do amazing turquoise and silver work. Highly airconditioned so bring your hoodie. Barfly is a decent bar for a cold cocktail.
3	I travel through here about twice a year and I find that it is usually a very quick check in and exit.  The hotels I stay at offer complimentary shuttle service that is usually able to pick you up in under 15 minutes and take you back for your departing flight.  The eating and drinking venues available in the concourse areas leave a lot to be desired but are better than some other airports I've been through.
5	Easy to get to and from where i need to go i travel to NY very frequently and staff are way cool
3	Indeed, internet is free at this airport. I flew US Airways today and this place was really packed, so packed that there was not really anywhere to sit. Food choices within the US Airways terminal was lackluster and so was everything in general. It looks like this terminal needs a makeover, pronto!
4	Free internet, clean and friendly people with tons of places to eat and shop.  It's seriously like a mall!  Huge and spread out so you might end up walking quite a way for a connecting flight, however, the amenities make you forget about the walk.  Plus you might need it after a meal here.  Oh yeah did I forget to mention free internet?!
4	Damn that's a big ass airport.  Not as crazy spread out as, like Minneapolis, but still pretty large.  Fortunately, plenty of moving walkways to get you around.Couldn't find any decent sit down restaurants, but they have some nice fast food style places for hot dogs and cinnabons and such.Only flown in and out of here a few times but haven't had any delayed flights like those that plague other airports (SFO, ATL).Congrats to Arizona for having a good airport despite being racist!!!
5	One of the better airports I've been to. It's never busy traffic wise. easy to get dropped off, and easy to pick people up. The directions make sense, it's easy to loop around, and the officer people don't scream at you to keep moving.There are a good amount of restaurants and shops in all the terminals and there is free WiFi everywhere. The only downfall is that the people who come in and out of this airport are...older...and security takes way longer than it should. I'm not going to knock a star off for that cause it's not the airports fault...but would it be illegal to have different lines for the senior citizens?!
4	As long as I'm flying out of Terminal 4, I will cry no more.Ok, horrible attempt at rhyming but whatevs, I've always enjoyed flying in and out of here when I lived in Phoenix and now while visiting. However, only if it's terminal 4 since it's the biggest terminal with the most action going on. They've done a lot of renovations in the shopping area with new restaurants, a brighter appearance and such. However, my main gripe is that the restaurants could stay open later. I usually take the red eye home and if I want to grab something to eat right before, I'm SOL.Also, I could start with the annoyance that is the never ending construction at the airport but let's just not go there (on a brighter note they are getting the train line here in the next two years--faster access to the east valley!)If you're not in too much of a hurry, try lounging in their wicker furniture before you go through security--very comfy!
4	I've never really had a problem at Sky Harbor. It's always been quick and easy. Airport is generally clean as well.PS - I hate the TSA and their feel-you-up searches.
4	Three stars if I'm departing and have to go through TSA in Terminal 4.  Four stars if I'm arriving because it means I'm home!
1	Here 100+/year.  Hellhole. Overcrowded, and not one but TWO police killings inside gate areas (passed TSA) in recent years.  Sunburnt rednecks abound. Post-security dining options dismal; gate areas too small for current traffic.
5	Efficient, simple to get to, and centrally located.  Great non-stops to pretty much everywhere I need to go.  If I end up moving to Phoenix I've no doubt we will be friends (and your free wi-fi and lightrail access don't hurt that relationship one bit.)
4	I have been to a lot of airports and have been to Sky Harbor probably a hundred times. It's a great airport to get in and out of but I can see how it would be a little confusing your first time. Security is always quick and easy and I have never been sexually assaulted by a TSA agent... yet.
3	Make sure you leave AMPLE time to get to and from the airport. The rental car facility is literally miles from the actual airport. One of the furthest I've been to.
5	I love Sky Harbor.  The staff is friendly.  It's VERY Clean, plenty of dining/shopping options inside and out of security.  Security is INCREDIBLY fast considering sometimes the flow of traffic can be rather substantial.  There's always employees around to assist and they do so with a smile. An airport cannot be any better than this.  You can only pray to be as good.
4	Phoenix Sky Harbor, is well located in the middle of all the Valley citys. Parking, However is very exspensive. But, what can you do??     It is a large airport with a lot going on. At least one moving sidewalk to always broken which makes things a little harder to get around.     (Terminal 4) There is free Wi- fi and a few really over priced shops and places to eat. Other than that it is a great place to get from point A to point B.
4	Nice clean airport with lots of places to shop and lots of food options.  Terminal 4 is nice.Two things:  1.  The marathon walk from the Southwest ticket counter to the D gates...good God, they need a tram or moving walkway.2.  The Security bag screening machines are old and tiny; my bag got stuck; it's NEVER been a problem at any other airport I've been through (SMF, LAS, SNA, ONT, SAN, BUR, SEA, LAX...)Oh, and if you rent a car, be sure to allow extra time because the shuttle ride to/from the airport itself is at least 10 minutes.  But it's a nice rental car area...
5	Excellent, fast and friendly.  Clean restrooms and easy to navigate
4	I cant believe the size of this airport! For the short time was there (changing planes) I did notice that for all the traffic that was going through this place, it was kept amazingly clean. Plus there is also a huge variety of food to choose from. So yeah, if you fly all over the place you could do soooooo much worse as far as airports go. ARE YOU LISTENING LAX!?
4	PHX, my old friend. You are a friendly stop between where I've been to where I'm going. US Airways, which lands here, has got me through some tough times. It's comforting to know that if I cannot fly out, it's only an eight hour drive to home. At the gate I landed at, there was a Starbucks and a Quizno's. This airport also boasts free wifi.
4	I don't have much to say about the Phoenix airport. I was here for a total of two hours split between two layovers STL-LAX, and I didn't explore much beyond the A gates in the low numbers. But there's one reason and one reason only that I'm giving this place more than the standard A-OK rating for an airport.Are you ready for this?There's a photo of Bono. A large photo. A mural, really. It's part of a tiny bar, but it's right next door to a Pizza Hut. And it makes me laugh and grin like you wouldn't believe. Bono found what he was looking for in Phoenix.
3	For layovers this is a decent airport, but if you're staying in the Phoenix area, well that's a different story.  I was in town for a family reunion and a 50th wedding anniversary.  I prepaid for a car rental at Budget.  Getting out of the gate and through baggage was easy enough.  But getting to the car rental area was a different story.  All of the rental businesses are located in one building about 3 miles from the airport.Shuttles run every few minutes but may be packed by the time it gets to your terminal.  I traveled with 10 relatives so we basically took over the entire shuttle.Coming back to the airport was a big hassle.  Luckily we arrived 2 hours before our flight.  We barely made our gate on time.  The reason for the delay was the ridiculously long line at Security Checkpoint C.  Our wait was intense and you could see frustration on nearly every passenger's face.  30 minutes is a long time to to be stuck in a line.No one seemed to care about the line though, so I'm assuming that it was business as usual.  If you're staying in the Phoenix area make sure you give yourself at least 30 minutes to get through the security checkpoint.Or you'll miss your flight...
1	VERY SLOW SECURITY CHECKPOINTThis airport has the worst baggage security checkpoint. Lines are inefficiently placed. X-ray watchers are overly cautious. Baggage check police when called up takes minutes to show up. Not only are they slow but they also seem to deliberately slow everybody down.Out of many many long waits at security over the last year, today, I encountered security slowness on my own baggage check. I did not take my computer off my bag since it does not have a magnetic drive. Computers without magnetic drive are supposed to be fine within bag since they don't affect X-Rays. However, security watcher was overly cautious so he called the police for "bag check". Police guys didn't show up for 10 minutes. Then they finally show up and say I simply needed to take the computer out and run it again The security watcher person could tell me to take the computer out which he didn't have to and I wouldn't miss my flight, neither would other people need to wait. There was also another 10 minutes wait for another passenger god knows why.They also force everyone to go through this backscatter X-rays. I don't know what it is and not sure how safe but it doesn't look like we have an option.
3	Hey, at least this airport gives out free Wi-Fi. This place can be be confusing for a very small airport. To get from one terminal to the next will require some sort of calculus to find the area under the curve.They do have free shuttles to the car rental spots. And the car rental terminal looks like an airport by itself. Looks super modern and everything.
3	Love the free wi-fi and the fly by lanes in terminal 4.I'll probably bump up my review once all the new food choices get in!
2	Terminal 2 is very basic and public wifi is a nofi. But I suppose it's not a major united hub, so I wouldn't expect their terminal to be top notch. However, who ever came up with the rental car facility solution should be buried in the middle of the Arizona desert! Not only is it way away from the terminals, it takes forever to get to when dropping the car off!
4	Probably one of the cleanest airports I have been in, and I have been in a lot of them.One of the first things I noticed as we exited our flight was the huge banner in the center of the airport that said "FREE WIFI HERE". Now that is kick ass! (you listening Atlanta airport which charges you for it?)Seems like a lot of decent spots to grab a bite to eat, shop, and take care of business while waiting for a flight. Clean bathrooms. Good signage and easy to find baggage claim area. Luggage came out quickly and shuttle buses to the car rental area is clearly marked. The whole place is spotless and has a fun decor for an airport. Nice people working here too. Cool lobby area with an old fashioned propeller plane hanging from the ceiling descending into a canyon. Very Disney-like scene as even the walls were made to look like stone around it. Definitely one of the better airports I have flown to. Everything just seemed so effortless here.
4	Straight forward to get in and get out of the airport. The airport seems to be constantly updating certain areas each time I stop by!
4	i don't know what this airport has such a low rating...  i've been to a variety of airports around the country and this has to be one of the cleanest and most organized ones!  the only downfall i see is they need a few more signs to direct people to the correct shuttle areas...  we had a hard time finding the rental car shuttle.
2	Takes "sprawl" to a whole new level.  By the time we walked all the way to our "in terminal" rental car, I had lost 5 pounds.
3	Phoenix Sky Harbor is fine inside as far as airports go. Crappy, overpriced food options, the Hudson News, outdated carpeting...The usual. Apparently there are good restaurants in some terminals, but I've never seen them. I have typically traveled at off peak times of day, so my time going through security isn't too bad. I've yet to get patted down or searched, so it's been OK from that standpoint. My big beef with Sky Harbor is the drop off/pick up situation...It's a complete cluster. It's giant, and quite confusing. If you're new to the area and need to get to the airport and pick someone up, good luck. It's right in the middle of the city so it's convenient to get to, but not convenient at all to navigate. If I'm ever lucky enough to fly into or out of a terminal with the great food I keep hearing about, maybe I'll update my review.
1	Reading some of the reviews for this airport, mine is definitely different because I never have a good experience here, especially this past weekend. What erked me the most was that the bathrooms were dirty, felt like it hasn't been cleaned for days. And it wasn't just me, other travelers passed by the stalls and just left the bathroom, even trying to go to the other restrooms, it was the same thing. And I'm not sure what side of the airport it is, but there are no outlets to charge your phone or other electronic devices, which really was annoying. If you're laying over in Phoenix, just beware that you might have to hike to your other gate and when you walk through the other terminals, be sure to watch out for the carts that give rides to people, they might just run you over.The rental car place is a separate building and it was nice because it was all in one facility, but the buses to transport travelers gets full pretty fast, especially if there are families, so just make sure to lineup.
4	This is ridiculous, but every time I come to this particular airport, I feel compelled to buy something from the souvenir shops. I don't do this at any other airport, just this one. Maybe it's because someone told me that it is supposedly ranked as one of the prettiest airports at night?What makes an airport pretty at night? I've only been here during the day, and I cringe every time because it means I'm in Phoenix. And sorry to say it, but who wants to go to Phoenix, unless you have family here. It's hot, flat, and a quiet town. Or maybe I just haven't been to all the right places. yet.
5	Always a great experience at Phoenix Skyharbor ... food is great and well people are people especially in an airport. Overall i'm  pleasantly satisfied with this Airport.
3	This is a better than average airport. Beware of the wacky rental car setup as you will need an additional 45 minutes to take a bus to get a car. Definitely not optimal, but the airport itself is nice. The ridiculously short security line literally saved my night as I almost missed the last flight of the night. The crappy notification of what terminal is what drop off from the rental car shuttle was very much an issue.
5	Well when you fly from San Luis Obispo, CA to anywhere, your choices are limited. So You end up on US Airways to Phoenix, which is their hub. So I middle up there (as it is neither the end of the beginning of my trips) a lot. The Airport has lots of mini art galleries and great internet, and the book stores do me right, and the food choices are good for an airport. What this means is all my layovers work out just fine and Sky Harbor has taken care of me well! Thanks Sky Harbor.
5	This company was "no hassle" and we even left spending $10 less than estimate!  The front desk gentleman was very nice and thorough.  I recommend this car rental. It was my first time using them and the price was great and the car was perfect!
4	Airport was very clean and has the nice and funniest employees I have ever dealt with. They were so helpful and even made funny jokes to brighten my day. Hope I have another connecting flight here in the future, would enjoy passing thru again.
3	This airport is huge!  Just getting out of this airport is unbearable, but I will say this, getting through security to get to your gate is pretty quick!
5	one of the better airports.
3	Phoenix Sky Harbor is well dominated by US Airways as their main hub in the west. I wasn't here flying US, instead I was on a rather inexpensive United Airlines itinerary. As such, we were relegated to the much smaller Terminal 2. I didn't see much of it as I arrived, busy looking for the way to the rental cars. For the return, I was out of Gate C, which is a warehouse style that serves multiple flights. I was also very late so all I saw was that stuff was mostly closed as I tried rushing through security.On the subject of security, Terminal 2 has the backscatter machines and I'm not interested in receiving any more radiation than I already do. My TSO (Transportation Security Officer) was friendly enough as he patted me down and violated my rights.PHX does not have the rental car vendors attached to the terminal. Instead, you get to take a ten minute shuttle bus ride to the rental car pavilion where they are all represented. It's well off airport, so don't let them lead you into thinking it's close. When you're late for your flight, you really don't want to have to wait FIFTEEN MINUTES for a Terminal 2 shuttle bus while three Terminal 4 buses come and go. Then it's ten minutes to the terminal. This is convenience? I don't think so.There are alternatives - if you want zero customer service, you can try flying Spirit into the nearby Phoenix-Mesa airport.
2	You know - I made my plane but the services here are lame.  The obligatory magazines & snacks shop is here.  A crappy eatery here and there.  A fancy gift shop where you can buy a $400 Navajo made Bolo Tie.  Fortunately there's WiFi so you can spend your time at the terminal surfing the Internets.
1	I've never really had an opinion about an airport, but Sky Harbor changed that.  I arrived at terminal 2, which had no signage about which airlines are in which terminals, like every other airport I've been in.  Having only 30 minutes to catch a connecting flight, I burned 5 minutes trying to figure out where to go!A TSA agent told me I needed to leave  the terminal, exit security, get on a shuttle to transfer to terminal 3. After getting to terminal 3, again no signage directing to gates.  I also had no boarding pass, so I'd have to find a check in window.  Another TSA agent directed me where to go.  Here's where it gets really fun.  After getting off the shuttle, you go in the door, go up the escalators to the second level, then go around the corner to find the elevators to go down one level to the ticket counters.  Yeah, I couldn't believe it either.Needless to say with all that, I missed my flight.  Going back through the security checkpoint was slow slow slow as well.  In the future, I will either try to avoid this airport or make sure that the flights are within the same terminal.
3	It is a nice large airport with many amenities while waiting for your flight or to pick someone up
3	It's an airport.  How do you review an airport?  Do I give them 4 stars? 5?  3?  I don't know, so since I didn't walk out of that airport commenting on it's sheer beauty, I'll give it a 3.  McCarron in Vegas, I'll give a 4.  So there's your comparison.  Honolulu International, I'll give a 3 as well.  Directional signage: pretty basic and coming from someone who has pretty good sense of direction, I'm not saying "wow, I'm so blown away by this airport's signage that I don't have to use my internal gsp system".  I mean, there are signs, you follow the signs, sometimes you forget to look at the signs, and you get lost.  So, look at the signs and follow them.Shops/Restaurants: they are there.  It's an airport for Pete's sake.  Eat before or after if you don't want to pay an arm and a leg for airport food.Our bags came quick, but I'll attribute that to the fact that it was an empty flight, and Southwest may just have really good bag handlers.
3	I had a two hour layover in this airport so I had some time to explore.  I would have to say this isn't the best airport in the world, but it is not the worst.  It is definitely better than having to wait in the Vegas airport.  The food choices are pretty meager in this place.  Nothing really stood out.  Wendys, Pizza Hut, TBCY, Starbucks and a couple of sit down places were what really stood out.  The bathrooms were at least clean though.
3	I have spent many an hour at this airport and it is a decent airport.  Spent most of my time in Terminal 4, so that's the only one I feel comfortable reviewing.  Easy to get around, moving sidewalks, mostly enough seating, except at the end of the terminal where four gates are all together, then it's just a big clusterf___.  Crappy food though.  Nothing at all spectacular and some things are horrible.  Hope to be back soon, we love to travel.
3	Review based only on a short layover but here we go. I'm only here for about an hour but this section of the airport seems old and could use some renovation. On the plus side there is a decent looking mexican restaurant/tequila bar across from my gate and I'd check it out if I had more time. The negative aspect to that I'm not too certain I want some guy next to me on the plane to have just gorged on a giant Mexican lunch. There is also a TCBY, Cinnabon, California Pizza Kitchen, and a fast food burrito place so they have decent food options. The free Wi-FI is always a good thing and also, there is a guy at my gate sporting one of the greatest mullets I have ever seen.
4	I was only in Phoenix for about 14 hours, but many of those hours were spent at PHX thanks to a super delayed flight.This airport is massive, but it's easy to navigate.FREE WIFI! It's not very fast, but free is just fine when you're being held hostage by US Airways' incompetence.The whole rental car shuttle system is brilliant. More airports should do this. BRILLIANT.
4	I'd have to say this is one of my favorite airports to connect though.  I've never been delayed and the food selection during layovers is decent - I recommend the burrito place. I enjoy the free wifi a lot too.There is a shuttle that goes to the metro that will take your downtown.  It's easy to use and cheap.  I highly recommend it.That being said, when you are flying out of PHX - give yourself LOTS of time if you have a rental car to return.  Like 2 hours to park the car at the rental place, get on the shuttle, and get over to the terminal.  I didn't give myself enough time and missed the cut off for my flight by like ten minutes and wound up with a PHX-LAS-CLT-IND red eye instead of my PHX-IND flight that I was supposed to be on. i'm still bitter about it.
3	Decent airport and they have Carvel!
2	As a US Air guy with status I was expecting a lot more from this airport after not having visited for eight years.  It's not a dump but compared to the other US Air hub, Charlotte, it's a dump. The food is meh, the terminal layout is meh.It's easy to get to from downtown and Scottsdale which is a plus.The rental car facility requires a bus transfer but it's pretty quick.Maybe there's magic in terminals one and two but three and four are horribly average with minimal places to plug in electronics and the bathrooms are straight from 1981.  bleh
4	PHX is one of the better airport experiences. C'mon people, we're not talking about a ritzy resort or spa, we're talking about an airport! And when it comes to airports, PHX ranks pretty strongly in my book. Sure, delays are the worst, but PHX is a pretty darn reliable place to fly.The food is good -- shout-out to El Bravo -- and the airport is super reliable (probably single most important criterion if you ask me). It's clean, relatively new (at least T4 is), and generally very fast. If I have to hang out for a couple hours in an airport, PHX is on my top 10 list of "pleasant airports" (sounds like an idiom!).Overall, great airport!
3	I am actually here way too much at the beginning and middle part of the year. Always off to somewhere. I don't really have too many complaints except that it always smells funny, like they need some glade air fresheners or something. Security lines can be hit or miss depending on what time you go but for the most part, it is a pretty decent airport. I mean the best part, besides getting to your destination is the people watching. I swear the things I have seen and heard could make for a funny sitcom or book someday.. hmmmm...
2	Bleh.  This isn't one of the better airports to fly into or depart from.  Not only is the interior in a serious need of a remodel, the eatery options are limited (with the exception of Terminal 4).  Couple that with the seasonal threat of thunderstorms and it adds up to an airport I try to avoid.  The most craptastic feature of this airport is the "U" shape of Terminal 4, with no direct connection between the A and D gates.  This isn't a big deal for people that connect on U.S. Air and Southwest since the airlines are clustered by carrier in the same or nearby gates, but if you have a multi-carrier trip (U.S. Air/Southwest combo for instance), have fun walking 20 minutes from the A to D gates.If Phoenix is your destination, note that the off-site rental car counter takes 15-20 minutes to get to with the shuttle bus.
4	Spacious, clean airport with a nice smooth transportation system between the different parts; free Wifi is a bonus!   Not that many plugs which is a shame for an airport anymore.  Been here several times and don't recall it getting plugged up, even on the holidays.  Actual coordination between the baggage claims and the flights, with updated displays....something we lack in Chicago!  Central location to the town.   Car rental areas accessible by a bus.
3	Pretty decent airport.  Not too crowded.  Service was just ok
4	Seeing that I fly out of PHL (Philadelphia International Airport) PHX is a dream.  This airport is huge, easy to get in and out of and has really nice TSA agents.  I really like how there are places to eat and shop prior to going through security so if you needed to wait and you're not flying, its very welcoming.
4	It's a nice and clean airport.  Dang airport security here is so over the top though.  I'm not sure what it is but every time I come through this airport it seems as if TSA here takes their job over-the-top (and not like the totally awesome movie Stallone was in).  But it is a clean and nicer airport.
2	In general Sky Harbor is lacking in almost every way.  It must be the most profitable major airport in the US because you can tell they don't spend any money making it a nice place.This review has sections: Food, Terminal spaces quality, SecurityFood...Sky Harbor really needs to step up the game making each terminal section have equal choice/quality of food. I'm not saying they all need 5 star places, just make them equal. This is a busy airport - get some decent places. Airports like Seattle, Denver, etc put Phoenix to shameOne gate area has only crappy hot dogs or burger king (barf king). I refuse to buy that swill.Terminals...As Jasen F pointed out, the terminals are a dump. The ONLY exception is the Southwest spot in Terminal 4 which as been completely redone. Bravo to them... it is the only decent place in Sky Harbor.Security...The one smart/good thing they did was put security at each terminal so there are more lanes overall and less bottlenecks. The bad thing is they use body scanners so this slows it down a ton... makes things 3 to 5 times longer per person.
4	Alright, I am reviewing an airport. I have been thru a ton of airports in my life and I would have to say that Phoenix is one of the easier and friendlier airports. I guess if you grade on a curve Phoenix would be one of the top airports around. That being said it's not a very busy airport so that helps them a ton.
3	While not an airport atrocity, it's too sprawling for me. With how rarely we fly into Phoenix though, not a big deal. Well. It's big, but not a big deal. It's fine.
5	I love this airport. Seriously people. My home airport is LAX. Do you know how much it sucks!! Phoenix has a lot of things going for it :- It is a relatively easy airport to navigate. It is spread out, so those of you with children or disabilities may have a little bit of a harder time but there are mobile walkways which are a big help. - FREE WIFI. Seriously. It's like one-click access too, I love it! - Plenty of places to eat. There are  little cafes, sports bars, kid friendly places, stores with snacks. There's tons of places to eat!- Childrens playground (international terminal), it's a nice little way to wear out kids who are going to be on long flights.- Plenty of restrooms (I never once encountered a line...)- Clearly marked TVs with flight information. -  Security moved quickly both times I was there (Christmas Eve and New Years Day).- Impressive baggage claim (as Heather said the TVs tell you where your bag is going to be, avoiding all confusion). - Lots of windows to view the amazing Arizona sunset.
1	Don't fly through Phoenix. Getting from one gate to another required leaving the secure area, taking a bus, and going through security a second time, which in my case meant it took more than 45 minutes to get between connecting flights. Additionally, the planes here board 45 minutes before takeoff instead of 30 (the standard), so my 1.5 hour layover barely allowed me time to pee before boarding - nevermind finding anything to eat. Then we had a runway delay that meant sitting still for half an hour on what was supposed to be a 50 minute flight. To top it off, my bags didn't make it to my connecting flight, and are apparently still somewhere in Phoenix - a day later. Bad, bad experience. Never routing through here, or with US Airways, again.
4	Flew here not long ago for the first time and this airport is not too shabby! It's clean, easy to get around, lots of windows, good hub for SouthWest, and I encountered some friendly staff. It's great if you are looking to get to Phoenix or Scottsdale, both are very close. There are some good restaurants and shops in at Sky Harbor, worthwhile to check out if you are waiting for your flight. There are also a good amount of outlets are gates if you need to plug in your electronics. Found some super comfy seats to sit in as well while waiting. Best thing about this airport is they offer free wi-fi. That makes me happy, thank you for doing that. Overall, no complaints here, I like this airport!
3	Average airport. I wish gate Marques listed which zone was boarding. There were three airplanes loading at the same time and it was near impossible to tell which gate was loading which zone. We just waited a few minutes and rolled the dice that our zone was loading.
3	hey it is what it is right... Point A to Point B
4	Compared to the many airports I've visited, PHX is one of my favorites. The main terminal before you go through security is super nice and filled with pretty mosaic decor, a Paradise Bakery, a full Starbucks, and many more enticing shops that will draw you in despite the lack of time you have to make it to your plane. But alas, another awesome win for those traveling here is the quick and painless, security checkpoint. Unless, of course, you are stuck behind a couple that has never flown before and have to keep getting turned around to walk back through the metal detector to take off the belt, oh, whoops you forgot to take out your wallet too? Oh and you need to now go back to remove your juicy track jacket AND take off your flip flops?! Silly, traveler, and yes, all of us are silently (but some not so silently) judging you. But, that's not really the airport's fault. Anyway, in the summer times I have seen complimentary paper booties for those to put on who wore flip flopsand don't want to walk through barefoot, nice touch.After security it's a hit or miss on shops and/or restaurants depending what gate you have to go towards. Another one of the main bonuses of this airport is how clean it is and how well kept the bathrooms are! The staff working here are generally pretty happy and willing to help you out with any questions you might have. Oh, and Sky Harbor offers free wifi!
5	Great place to transfer flights. The selections of restaurants is pretty good too. I especially like the Samsung charging stations to charge my cellphone and other electronics before I check-in at the gate. Definitely a Traveller friendly airport. Yeah, PHX.
3	Confusing terminals.
4	Due to flight issues, I spent four hours in this airport, and thankfully this was a great airport to be stuck in!  It's actually a beautiful airport...super clean and beautiful artwork all around. It's easy to navigate and has excellent food choices.  If you are in Terminal 4, you must eat at Paradise Bakery and Cafe! It is before you go through security.  Fresh muffins and lots of healthy sandwiches and salads.  There are also really cute shops and even an art gallery!  Luckily I kept myself busy and the 4 hours went by pretty quickly.
2	This airport is fine. Gets the job done, but it is not an airport I would choose to spend an extended amount of time in.  There simply isn't much that is exciting to eat or buy here.  Most other good-sized airports that I have been in have much better dining and shopping options for those of us with layovers.
3	This airport really doesn't have a lot of food options. T_T butttt I love all the moving walkways!!
3	changed planes here on my way home from New Orleans. This airport was clean and seemed new. There was a Nathan's in my terminal so I got a delicious wiener before boarding. A pretty decent airport, much better than either Denver, Saint Louis or Philadelphia!
4	We traveled through the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport this week for work and found the experience A-OK. Phoenix is a clean, modern airport with lots of shops and restaurants and easily navigated. There was no line at security and we had our shoes off and on in no time. No complaints or problems whatsoever.
4	Clean airport with tons of fantastic veg friendly options for dining!And, can you believe it.... the bathrooms were nearly sparkling. Not even joking.The End.
3	I can't say too much about this airport, but I know their restrooms are clean! That is a huge plus for me.Bad thing is the terminal I was in had a poor variety of food. :(
2	1. Who's idea was it to space out the terminals to point that there are only about 8 gates at each corner? which leads to...2. The food available at each corner is so limited and mundane that unless you have 2 hours to walk around, you're stuck eating at 1 of 3 options available. which leads to...3. I HAVE NO IDEA WHERE I AM!!! and...4. where are the seats? where are the outlets? where's the mofucking water fountain???You'll be saying "Where" a lot here.
4	I flew out of (and into) this airport for the holidays. The process was painless once inside the airport, but their setup with the roads, ramps, and terminals is so absolutely convoluted. I've never been to a more confusing airport with regards to traffic.That being said, once inside, it was quick to check-in and get my bags checked. I also was traveling with my puppy who was so warmly welcomed by everyone, staff and otherwise. They had no issue with him being out, unlike other airports.A huge perk is a dog park they have outside Terminal 4 to walk dogs before/after flying. Made me feel a lot less nervous about the 5+ hour trip across the country, and I'm sure it made my dachshund a lot happier too!
4	Power outlets and USB outlets everywhere. What else does a traveler on a layover need?
4	4-stars because it is really easy to get in and out of the airport without a lot of walking or long lines if you're a smoker and have some time between flights.I was really intrigued by the woman at the TSA checkpoint, who was reciting all sorts of travel tips in a TV Voice, but with no expression on her face.  She was really kind of amazing, and the contrast of her facial expression and her voice actually made me listen.Not many food choices, though...a couple more restaurants would be nice.
3	Its an Airport...what else can you say. Its layout is fine, as long as you do not have to change terminals. The off property Rental Car Center is a bit of a poke. Leave an extra 30 min in your plans for getting to/ from there.
4	The pros: Free wifi, short security linesThe cons: Not too much food selection as compared with LAX or even Austin. Takes forever to get to the car rental center like LAXOverall good experience!
2	I don't mind the airport itself but the wait for baggage is ridiculous.  45 minute flight home from Vegas and 30+ minute wait on baggage. Insane!
4	I've been through better but this one aint bad.  I love the smell of airports too.  It reminds me of going somewhere fun.  At least it does since I don't travel for work anymore.  Sky Harbor has the average food choices, has been decently upgraded, parking is OK.  I really don't have much to complain about.
5	Haven't been here since 1997! Man, now all the memories are back and can't wait to get situated in AZ for a couple days! ;-)
4	Nice and clean airport overall... enjoyable experience, except when you miss your flight and you're stuck there longer than expected.
3	I like this airport! Security is always easy to get through. The car rental shuttles don't require you to wait a long long time. And there are a lot of different shops and food places to wander to when you're waiting for a delayed flight. One thing I don't like, there are outlets that trick you, and don't work. I've found at least 3 around that airport that 1. connect to nothing or 2. just have no electricity running through. Minus that setback, it's clean and never too crowded!
3	I think Sky Harbor is one of the easiest airports to navigate. I like that they're making improvements to the building and expanding to include the rail system that will bring you directly to the airport terminal you need. I like that they are going to include new, local restaurants to choose from. (Let's get it started already!)I do wish they would update their restrooms. Though the bathrooms are regularly attended, they still seem dated and old. Once all the expansion and renovation is done, I'm sure I will be able to bump them up to  at least a 4 star review.
1	To hell with this airport and really, to hell with Arizona.That hurts me to say, I met my wife while we both lived and worked at Grand Canyon, and I've spent a lot of time in mostly northern Arizona.  At one time I dreamed of retiring to a small ranch with lots of big dogs and Mount Humphreys looming in the distance.  No more, those days are long behind me.The combination of my disgust with Phoenix - really just a hotter, dryer version of LA -  and the unseemly politics of people like Sheriff Joe Arpaio and Governor Brewer have  pretty much taken me to the point where I don't plan to set foot (or spend another dollar) in that state.This airport blows.  It's huge, if you rented a car it succeeds in outdistancing even Providence in terms of how far you must travel to get your vehicle.  Plan on an extra half hour to take shuttle buses and then hunt for your car due to the extreme lack of effective signage and staff.And please tell me why the hell I'm paying for your football stadium.  Your team sucks, you have a (ridiculous) corporate sponsor for it,  so why are people who could not care less about the Arizona Cardinals paying a stadium surcharge?I'll continue to vote with my dollars, and none of them will be heading to Arizona.  As someone who flies a lot, all over the world, Sky Harbor is on my personal shit(hole) list.
3	I flew in from Baltimore MD and the flight arrived two hours early, which was a very cool way to wake up from a airplane seat coma. There was nothing that really jumped out and made me want to spend hours here or anything that left an impression that was "wow' At the same time, there was nothing bad about it aside from some lack of signage concerning the basics. All in all walk in, check in, sit, relax, takeoff (you hoser) and arrive someplace not as sunny."The Good"- The fact that the Phoenix Airport logo is the same as the Rebel alliance from Star Wars... at least it did when a sleepy eyed Scotch-Irishman stumbled off of a place after just waking up.- A Starbucks located in what seemed like every terminal and the main hub. A smart marketing strategy.- Fairly wide aisles. There are some airports that even if you have twenty feet to either side someone will find a way to walk in front of you and stop in your path... here you do not really have to worry about that."The Meh"- Nothing really meh to comment on."The Bad"- The baggage claim area was a little confusing. I like signs and not having to ask where things are when they should be pretty clear.
1	(1.75 stars) Continental uses Terminal 2 of PHX, which is smaller, older and a bit more worn than Terminals 3 or 4.  The dining spots are fewer, but TSA Security was a breeze on late afternoon Thursday; they were waiting for me.  Security here claims to not have all of the newest equipment, and as a result, they screen very carefully.  It has been at least two years since I've been asked to have the quart-sized ziplock bag of liquids removed from my carry-on bag.  Waiting areas are large and not well-lit.  Travel between terminals requires a shuttle bus, and they're somewhat slow.  This is one of the worst places to have connecting flights with mismatched airlines as the newer terminals are huge, and the older ones are poorly connected.  Car rental requires a shuttle bus to a central facility; allow at least 15 minutes.  All told, PHX is neither bad nor impressive.
3	I mean...What can you say about an airport.  It was clean, everyone seemed respectful and nice.  Customs was quick and easy.  This was our layover on the way home from Mexico.  We were able to go through the entire gammet of airport fun.  Security was easy peasy.  Sometimes TSA is pretty grumpy but we saw lots of smiles and small talk.  The terminal would run from heavy traffic to bare bones. When we arrived there must have been 30 people waiting at every restaurant and fast food joint.  Within an hour there was no one.   Fun for people watching and you can recharge your portables while you wait.
4	The TSA was extremely friendly and understanding
1	I hate this airport more than I could ever tell you. Sure, the wifi is free, and progress through the security checkpoint is brisk, but these are the only positive things I can say about PHX. The food sucks, the buses are confusing, getting out of here is a giant pain in the butt, and if you are a Continental customer you will be relegated to the Continental Ghetto (Terminal 2) which is by far the grossest, dingiest, most run-down of the bunch. The best part of coming to Sky Harbor is flying to another state.
2	This airport is HUGE! It offers great restaurants, gift shops a lot of options for drinks and food. The restrooms are ok but usually crowded. The airport itself is well maintained clean and the staff are friendly. The most frustrating part of this airport is the baggage claim process. Numerous times I have waited close to 30 to 40 minutes for my baggage. Over the years I thought this would improve but it hasn't.
3	AKA - PHX Sky Harbor International Airport. The airport is the primary regional hub and gateway for Mexican and Hawaiian departures for Tempe-based US Airways and is the third-largest focus city for Southwest Airlines. US Airways and Southwest are the airport's two largest carriers.
3	Alright airport. It is very clean. There were no long security lines. There is also Free Wifi which is always a plus because there is nothing to do at airports. Also, its not too crowded.
2	Phoenix is not memorable and I've had some less desirable experiences here from what I do remember.  The food selections are limited (as others have stated), and the airport just looks so dated at the gates.  I hate hubs in general, and the fact that this is USAirways hub is even worse.  They even tried to stick me in some horror motel room because they oversold the flight...ugh.  The best part about the airport was leaving so I could enjoy my vacation at a Scottsdale resort.
2	As a forewarning this review may be slightly biased because my home airport is SFO.I was there for an emergency flight so I needed internet access and a plug for my tablet. First off, the seating area for Continental Airlines is really small. To charge my tablet I had to go in a little tiny corner where I spotted a an outlet. There were other outlets on the floor, but they were all taken up. Even worse, there were other people standing around until it was available.Overall, the feel of the airport was outdated and definitely needed more outlets!
3	Average airport.Checking in and security were easy to get through with ample space unlike some airports where you can't move without stepping over someone or feel like lining up in the center of the terminal.There's not that much to do at this airport and food options were very limited.There weren't really enough seats for everyone to sit but then it's better than some other airports I've been to.Middle of the road rank wise for US airports.
4	I am a fan of PHX - and why not? It is my home town airport. Your experience will really depend on which terminal you fly out of - which most of my adult life has been terminal 4.  But I remember as a kid, Terminal 2 was pretty cosmopolitan and the short term parking was just across the street.  Terminal 4 is lacking in the food/amenities department, but they are working on it.  The best experience is on the concourse, before the security gates.  But if you didn't know and headed to your gate, you still have a few options, but you can't be picky.  My favorite is Blue Burrito - located near A26 side of the terminal. And there are plenty are Sbux around, however, pay attention to your bill.  I've been overcharged before.On my last visit, terminal 4 is getting a Modern Burger and Blanco Y Tequila spot...which is super cool.  They are both owned by the Fox chain of restaurants, so they are nothing uber unique, but he does have a knack for coming up with cool concepts to lure you in.  And spend your money.  So there is that to look forward too :)There is free wifi and the security lines can be short...but when they aren't the TSA really stinks at managing them.  But how is that different from any other airport?  If you do end up in PHX ....the best experience to be had is outside of the airport.  And looking out of all the windows in Terminal 4 you can see all sides of the valley and the beautiful mountains you could be climbing.
4	Modern and clean facilities and generally decent customer service.  In my many times through here, it has always been very easy to get from point A to point B.
3	As far as airports go, like everything else in life, there is the good...the bad...and everything in between.  And that's where I think PHX falls...in between.Now, let's start with making connections between terminals, even with airlines who are partners.  There is no tram, so you have to take a bus.  Always make sure you have plenty of time to go between terminals.As for the terminals themselves...they definitely are in need of an update.  The carpeting, the doorways, the layouts...a bit dated.  This airport just reminders of a smaller scale airport that grew too fast too soon.  And for a major hub, it definitely needs to be looked at.On the other hand, the airport personnel (not airline personnel) are very nice.  That's what they have to make up for the facility itself!
4	I fly here from SFO regularly. PHX is always clean, it has lots of dining options, the employees are genuinely friendly; this is overall a very pleasant airport. Their TSA seems to be a little on the strict side, but not unreasonably strict if you play by the rules and don't cause a scene (i'm looking at you, dude who refused to put his wallet in the x-ray tray). PHX is usually my starting point or ending point and I rarely make transfers or deal with cancelled flights. It is a sprawling airport so I could see how rushing from gate to gate could be a hassle.
2	It is so hard to come up for a rating for this airport because as a air traveler, it is really not that bad.  They have been making an effort in the last few years to make the place more comfortable.  Adding wi-fi, some better restaurants, etc.  And security lines are pretty short considering the volume of people they have going thru there on any given day.It is the outside of the airport that is a big problem.  Picking up and dropping off people is a nightmare.  The cell phone lots have made this a little easier but they are so hard to find.  The access roads for this place are like a freakin' maze and the signage is not helpful at all.  Once you do pick up your friend/family member, trying to get out of the place is so frustrating.  Even though I have driven to this airport at least 50 times, I always seem to have trouble finding my way back to I-10 and usually end up coming out the west exit instead of the east one where I want to be.  It is insanely frustrating.  If you are not picking up/dropping off then you are in even worse shape.  The rental car facilities and long term offsite parking options are fantastic but most people from out of town simply can't find them and even if you've been there before it is a real challenge.I know it would be a major overhaul to improve the airport access but at least improve your road signs, please!
2	It's an airport......The taxi guys were nice though.
3	I fly a bunch and I can't help but have a soft spot in my heart for Sky Harbor because I'm from here. I also like that they have mini gallery shows inside the airport, the Art History BA in me loves that.  That adds to the soft spot.Other than that soft spot, I hate it... ::Sigh::At least they've fixed the security times.
2	So this airport is known as the nicest.. that is pretty cool and the employees are definitely nice but that doesn't matter when its a huge pain to get from one terminal to the other.I happened to make the mistake of getting on the wrong bus from the rental car area..along with two other people. We ended up at the wrong terminal to find out that busses dont drive around to all of them. grrr..so we had to walk through the terminal to the other side and take another bus that takes you between terminals. This took quite a while... luckily I had the time, but one of the other people had to sprint to make his flight.This is a bit surprising and annoying for what looks to be an airport with some newer renovations. They really should have some sort of terminal connect train.
2	Arrving at Sky Harbor at 1AM was not the issue (it was empty), but my departure back home was almost a complete wreck.So apparently this weekend, Nascar (among 1,000 other things) was in town.  I had a 12:40AM to ATL Monday morning.  Leaving Hohokam Park around 9PM (about 6-7 miles from SH), I didn't get to the f'n car rental center (a whole different story) until 10:30.  Who's genius idea was it to close the airport exit and re-direct traffic from a 4 lane to a one-lane bottleneck into the airport?  That could have been the dumbest, most inefficient thing I have seen since DC shut the interstate near RFK.  Traffic was unbelievable.  And I didn't realize it took another 15 minutes to get to the car rental "center".After finally getting to the terminal, check in was slow, considering the amount of people they should have been expecting (they had red-eyes going to CHI, JFK, and ATL, amongst other places).  Getting to security was ridiculous- I would have rather gotten a handy from TSA then the circus they were running.  Apparently, waving my sunscreen in the air "who's is this?"  I should have told them it was my buttplug.   I told them, they said I could check it, but I couldn't let it go.  Cya, sunscreen.  Another fascinating aspect was I had my cough syrup, hand sanitizer, and my lighter on me.  They could care less about the lighter.  The hand-gel - gone.  And my syrup, they made me take my stuff, and open it, they were testing it for God-only-knows. They didn't care about checking my ID to make sure the contents were mine though, just to make sure it wasn't on their list?  Is that not ass-backwards?Finally getting through, there wasn't shit open to eat or shop, a big no-no for people trying to get the hell home- I mean after taking 2 hours to go 6 miles that gets you hungry!The actual airport itself was dated in some parts, but it was clean, its only saving grace.IMO, this place has a long ways to go to be a well oiled machine, which is a huge disappoinment being a gateway to the west.
2	This is my regular stop coming from PHL to SFO/SJC. I wish I wouldn't stop here and either stop at O'Hare or Denver. However... from the time I have to leave, this is one of the cheaper flights available. With a 2 hour layover there's not much to eat here in terms of good restaurants. There's a sports bar, couple sandwich places, CPK, and a burrito bar. The layout of terminal 4 is frustrating. To get from one side to the other without going back through security, you would have to take 6 walking escalators to get to the other shops and gates. Eg. Going form US Airways to Southwest Gates.The whole airports needs an overhaul. With the brown looking carpets, and with the shops that are already closed for construction, it really does not feel modern. The only good thing is that they have LCD monitors with Basketball/Sports playing waiting at the gates.
3	A litTle confusing when you check in in your mobile! The airport itself quite clean. Really like the layout. Traffic just flows thru there without a hitch.
3	Great consolidated rental car garage...it it weren't for that, I'd rate this airport with only two stars for the same reasons every other 2-star reviewer has provided.
4	I flew through PHX on my way to and from the West coast from Georgia. It has been a while since I've been at this airport.This time I flew US Airways which pretty much dominates Terminal 4 - A & B Gates. The almost 60 gates are spread out into four wings connected by moving walkways.On my way west, I arrived in the far A gate and my connecting flight was in the far B gate. I had an hour in between flights. This allowed me just enough time to casually walk the six or so moving walkways, use the restroom and grab a bottle of water. I must mention that I was also wearing heels, which slowed me down considerably since I haven't worn heels in a long time! So, if you are traveling with children, aren't fast on your feet or want time to grab some food, I would recommend booking flights that have a longer connection time.On my way back, I had an hour again but was in comfortable shoes; so, I was able to quickly walk between the wings with time enough to grab a snack. The only issue I had was that my departing gate was in the end of the wing. The gates are closer together and the waiting area is smaller. Out of the four or five gates within view, at least three of them were attempting to board at the same time. This caused some confusion amongst the crowd. I think it would be smart to stagger departing flights or at least have the announcers say the flight number every time they make an announcement. That's more of a problem for US Airways, but I thought it would be helpful to warn people to be aware of other departing flight announcements.
3	Eh I have mixed feelings about this place. It is a really big airport so takes awhile to get around. The food options get it done but much of them are outside security so if you have time look around those first. The lines here can be bad so plan ahead. I will say I was able to check a bag and get to my gate 30 minutes before takeoff thanks to having access to the flyby security line. The rental car buses come kinda frequently but plan on 20 mins to/from get to the rental car facility from the airport.
3	Large airport. No airtrain (it is currently under construction). Had a 4 hour layover and  just cruised around the 'port on the conveyor belt walkways to waste time. Not the best choice in vegetarian food in any of the shops that I noticed...
2	"The friendliest airport in America..." God help us... Basically I view this airport in the same way that I view AZ as a whole... Fake, rude, and somewhere I only go out of necessity. Very excited to go back to beautiful, friendly, and delicious New Mexico!
3	I came through this airport for a surprise birthday trip so maybe I'm giving this review through rose colored lenses but I was satisfied. The inside is a bit outdated but there appeared to be plenty of food options and it only took my best friend and I about twenty minutes to get through security. When we arrived, we easily found a bus to the rental car facility and on our way back the same was true. Everything appeared to be running efficiently and I didn't mind our three hour wait to get on our standby flight. They also have a free Wi-Fi here which is a huge plus since a lot of bigger and more popular airports don't. Some of the food options were outside of security so plan ahead if something really catches your eye because you won't be able to bring your drink through.
3	This many moving walkways means you're place is too big!Overbearing to say the least. So many gates...so far apart. Thank goodness I didn't had to catch a connecting flight this time. Last  time I was sweating by the time I made it to my other gate.So many options, so little time. You can get any type of food or beverage here. Tons of well known, chain places and some specialty foods as well.Love the diversity, but I just don't spend enough time here to enjoy it. I bet you could get real lost in all the fun things to do during a layover...lets hope I never have to experience this!Using a moving walkway is fun, until its like your fifth one in a row...
3	I don't know why this place is called "sky harbor." I imagine a high rise airport for space ships. It's alright. Not bad, not extraordinary. Lot's of walkways. If you have a connecting flight, move faster!
3	HUGE airport. Not as modern or clean as LAX or SNA, but good nonetheless. Lots of little gift shops inside for tourists to buy knick knacks but my suggestion would be to pass through security first because the stores on the "inside" have better stock. Has all the essentials, large cleanish restrooms, coffee shops and places to eat. Shuttle service offered for those who are renting cars or going to local hotels, that was very quick and efficient. I was satisfied.
5	When was the last time you and your friends had a clambake? Been a while?Not anymore.Gather up your crew and head for Deck 9 at Terminal 4, Sky Harbor parking garage.Security rarely comes up here, and once wick'd from all the weed, you'll get to watch planes take off and land.A righteous evening my man. Now load that bong, crank that old Rammstein CD, and smoke up your mom's Lexus like it's in a Kansas City Smokehouse.Enjoy. And if the po-po show up, you're probably high enough that you can jump down to level 8 and hot-foot it over to the elevator.Sky Harbor International Airport Terminal 4 Parking garage.Deck 9.Rocks balls.
3	Nice airport, nothing stuck out to me though.
3	Great place, well maintained. It's big airport with some long walks.
1	You know that feeling, the one that feels like you could get mugged while walking through an airport?  Yeah that one.
3	Nice place...Need more restaurants..! Pretty huge airport...so long walks..!
4	Plenty of shopping, plenty of food, and that's just in terminal 4 - I haven't even checked out the others, yet. I like this airport.
2	My experience here is not one that has a lot to cover. I was pretty much in and out here so I can't really give a glowing report. Usual fashion the better restaurants are in the main terminal and if you head out to security you end up on one of the satelites and then you have limited selections. I do wish that there were more connections ports for power as many people were wainting in line to power their various mobile devices. I have been in many a better airport than this, nothing overly negative, just nothing to write home about.
4	A little confusing but I got where I needed to go. I like how they have a waiting area for you and your car, while you're waiting for the person your're picking up. So you can use your cell and watch the arrivals on a big screen, very cool! Need one  in OC!!
4	Although I've never flown into or out of this airport, I've been here a few times to pick people up when I'm in town.  Sky Harbor is ridiculously easy to access from the freeways and ridiculously easy to park at.The airport itself seems to be the standard, albeit a little small for the number of planes coming and going daily!  Plenty of touristy shops and cafe/restaurants.  I'm a fan of the small art gallery in A.Sky Harbor is friendly little airport.  No need to fear it if you need to stop by!
3	typical airport, moody security and the boarding areas are pretty small
3	As many times as I have come through here, I don't have much to say.  Maybe that's a good thing.  It's not the kind of airport you enjoy navigating within.  You just kind of want to get out and on your way.  The rental situation has been a sore spot for me, with lackluster experiences every time.  Once you're in the car and on your way, however, I will say it's relatively easy to access getting to the city or on the highway out.
3	PHX is a pretty nice airport, but it's just so drab and sad-feeling. The color scheme is dark and brown and reddish-brown. Doesn't ever get me too excited to be in Phoenix. There's nothing special about this airport and it just gets its job done. I can say that it's pretty spacious and there's plenty of parking. They have cell phone lots, which are really convenient for picking people up from the airport. The roads are a little convoluted, though -- if you find yourself on the wrong side of the terminal, or if you miss an exit, you'll have to loop around forever to get back where you want to go. Other than that, though, the service and security check here is super quick -- I can generally get here and hour before my flight and be a-okay.
2	Very confusing airport.  For an International Airport, I would have expected a more luxury feel.  Definitely not the airport you would want to get stuck for hours in.  I flew southwest and Gate C and D did not have great restaurant choices or stores to look in.  You have to walk what feel likes miles to buy a water or grab a magazine, and food.
4	Easy to get in and out of the Southwest terminal (especially if you are A list).  I miss the days of WYDS (wear your dang shoes) and BYOW (bring your own water).
3	Good airport ...baggage claim is fast and security isn't difficult
2	This place used to be better, but lately, it's turning into a bus stop in the not so good section of town.I'm just referring to using PHX as a change planes location, not as a start/final destination.Services offered while waiting for your next flight?  Blah.  Nice that the seats don't have the arm rests on them, so if you can, there is the possibility of stretching out.  Don't do it if the gate is packed.Someone needs to offer the local restaurants an incentive to open up in the airport here, there are lots of great places to eat in and around PHX....just none at the airport.
3	Ok place to fly into for a short connection. It's a major hub, with a ton of people flying in and out and not a whole lot of room to put them. As a result, waiting areas were overflowing and lines at all the restaurants were out the doors. Plus, my plane was on time and the view from the airport is pretty nice!Second time around was a little different. Got to experience the non-security portion and was actually able to select from a few different eating places to eat with someone that was not flying out. That was nice. The spiraly car ramps were crazy to drive up when it came to parking. Only downside is security. One huge line that winds around and around rather than being broken up into different sections. Made the wait feel like forever...and it's really stuffy feeling. Also, security here is mega over the top when it comes to carry on. They made me take tons of stuff out of my bag because they couldn't tell what it was, almost had my empty water bottle confiscated, guy was nice enough to take it out of security and dump out the few droplets of water remaining without making stand back in line again, which was nice.
4	This place is almost like going to Bob Hope Burbank Airport in California (good thing) in terms of getting in and out without too much hassle. I am speaking from only one experience, but I had no problem going through security. My only complaint is getting there and driving all around inside the airport to finally get to your terminal. I'm not really sure who designed it, but they weren't the brightest I think...?
3	Terminal 3 is great; friendly staff and quick check in process.
4	I'm a Flight Attendant based here, so I'm here quite a bit.  I love how easy it is to access Sky Harbor from the Freeways and 44th St., so it's always quick to get in and get out.  Parking is also easy.The TSA folks tend to be fairly nice here, but be warned that the customs area is very, very small and you can get held up for a while when the once-daily British Airways 747 lands.
4	I love to travel and have always had no trouble getting in and out of Pheonix Sky Harbor Airport.. The people are friendly, food choices are good and pricing is about the same you would pay at any airport.  I really like the cell phone lot that has a huge screen that tells you when the flight your waiting for comes in.. Really helpful!
2	This airport does not have many amenities, especially in terminal 2.  They have improve what is there but there is mostly just a bunch of wasted space because Alaska Airlines only has 6 or 7 flights per day in and out of here and if you have time to kill, bring a good book or a fully charged laptop so you will have something to occupy yourself with!!
2	it's not a very good airport they dot not have the  airlines listed next to the terminal signs when you enter the airport and you have to drive a couple miles if you wanted to rent a car. the inside is not all that in terminal 2,3 or 4.
3	The parking, as in all airports is horrendous, getting out of the airport sucks BUT its definitely one of the cleaner, friendliest and appealing to the eye airports I've been too.It's absolutely, HUGE, it has awesome art and photography on display almost every where and all of the time. Delays? Pfft! This is Arizona! Lol
3	I fly through here a couple of times a year.  On my return flight, I always have a fairly long layover of 4 to 6 hours.  Flights have generally always been good.  The general terminal area is pretty comfortable for spending time in.  A lot of interesting shops to check out.  Plus, the location is convenient if you have time to spend running around town - Phoenix or Tempe...some neat places to visit.I must say, this airport has to have THE LAZIEST maintenance workers.  I have never seen so many slackers loafing around, sitting on their buts in different parts of the airport, sitting on their carts, or driving each other around.  And the place is DIRTY - it's not like there isn't work for them to do.  Especially in this economy....wow.Security has always been good for me, lines move pretty quick, TSA people are friendly.  no complaints there.They could really do for replacements of all the obviously fake plants in the waiting area - those have to be some of the tackiest planters I have ever seen...
4	I come to this airport more times per year than I care to think about. Over the years, I have watched Sky Harbor grow and some oddities:Where's Terminal #1? Ok, so the airport has 3 major terminals---since I've flown Alaska/Delta/Southwest in the past year, I have arrived at Terminals 2,3, 4, respectively. One day I stopped to gaze at the map noticing there is no Terminal 1. Hmmm, this is odd. (Footnote: T1 was demolished in 1991 per the web site.)How many of my friends met their significant other/spouse in Sky Harbor? Answer is 2. I can't tell folks of any airport other than Sky Harbor where this has happened.How much time do I need to allocate for a rental pickup/return? Well, it depends on time of day and day of the week; but, 20-30 minutes is a bare minimum. I know there's a Sky Harbor train somewhere, but it's not connected to the rental cars.Who runs the airport? Oddly, the City of Phoenix v some airport commission.Are the Southwest terminals (Doors A,B, C and D) connected after going through the TSA line? Yes!....an undocumented feature is Terminal #4 is shaped like an inverse letter "c" in terms of layout. I suggest you enter semi-close to your flight, but if the line is crazy, simply switch entrances. A to D is the longest walk, but there are moving sidewalks.There's free wifi and lot's of choices on food and drink. I've only been stuck here when it was too hot for planes to leave due to lack of lift and during the occasional thunderstorm. (Re-fueling isn't a great move.)All in all, I like Sky Harbor and its oddities!
3	Being one of those business travelers that have seen my fair share of airports I would say this one is really not bad. I felt like things moved quickly and I really liked the new Rental Car Center. It seems that this airport is prime for an overhaul however based on the volumes of people travel ling through here. I was in Terminal 3 and found the restaurant selection to be so-so and the security area was definitely in need of an upgrade. Overall good.
4	Probably my favorite airport to date.  The employees are warm and welcoming.  There is never a crazy line at security.  On Thanksgiving there was no line at security!  Kudos just for that.  On the down side: restaurants close early, getting around the airport is super confusing, and chuck the annoying guys working outside the terminal.
4	I've been to this airport twice. Once on a layover to Vegas and more recently on a trip to Florida. So first of all, the aiport is nice, modern, and clean. I can't complain about that, and it's pretty damn huge as well. It's nice to have a lot of square footage, since sometimes layovers can take a few hours, but on the other hand it could completely suck if your layover only gives you a 10 minute time window. The food court and various eateries are great and it's not too expensive either. The only complaint I have is that the airline I traveled with  (American Airlines) moved the gates and they didn't inform the people sitting at the original gate. This was very unprofessional as I was on time for the correct gate and they didn't bother to announce it, causing me to miss my flight and a huge headache for the remainder of the trip.
3	Top of the "meh" list for business travelers.There are about 1 electrical port for every 100 people so plan according. Phoenix is a great town and this place moves a lot of people.
4	It is a huge airport, but that's not the fault of anything but the passengers who take flights in, out, and through there. Getting around takes time, but you can do it. There is a remote terminal that requires a trip through the TSA Goon Squad on some connections, and that is not a good thing.On the upside, it's rarely going to be closed for weather issues. And, most important of all, it has free Wifi!
3	Not the worst airport but certainly not the best.The biggest issue with this place is the layout. The terminals are difficult to navigate between and the airport just has a dated feel to it. The biggest plus is that it has plenty of seating and power plugs so waiting around is easy.I'm not sure when they redid the rental car center as I hadn't been through here in a couple years, buts it's way nicer than the old one. I also like that the staff are very good on the shuttles unlike most airports where they barely are willing to answer questions let alone load and unload bags.
4	getting nicer each time I comes in here...
3	One hour layover at the southwest Terminals. That area was clean and easy to move around in. Only one crappy Burger King though.
5	Love our city and airport!
4	Once they can figure out their latest food contracts with HMS this will be one of the best airports in the nation.  Clean and well run my only complaint would be that the rental car stations are REALLY far away and the only way you can get there is by shuttle bus.  Plan accordingly if you have kids or lots of luggage because its a major pain in the butt to drag one or both along for the ride.
3	As far as airports go, PHX is pretty good. My family and I fly out of PHX 3ish times a year to visit family and take vacations. The lines always seem to be decently long, however, they always seem to move at a quick pace. Since we travel with our two children we appreciate that everything seems to always run quite smoothly. The food choices are what seems to be lacking the most at PHX as there isn't much offered that isn't crappy fast food at "sky high" prices or basic "never heard of before" eateries. It would be nice and very welcomed change to see some quality "foodie" type places added to their line up. There are better and worse airports to have to go through, PHX seems to be in the middle.
1	I really don't like this terminal, I use it often as a layover on the way from San Francisco to Minneapolis.It's too hot and the domestic gates are too far which makes you always have to walk a mile to switch gates. Not even comparable to other major hubs like Denver, Minneapolis, Atlanta etc
3	Put your walking shoes on!  Especially, if you do not check the monitor and they change your gate on you!  I feel they could use more monitors.  They do have the moving walkways to assist....I swear we went on 15 of them to get to our gate.  A little crazy, a lot tiring.  We were just here for two layovers.  We were in terminal four.  There are a lot of dining options from CPK to Focaccia Fiorentina.  I wanted to grab a sandwich since I was not arriving at DTW until 130am.  Glad I did.  The Classico was super good!!!!
3	This ia a nice big airport with lots of restaurants! There's a lot of shops to choose from too! I like that it's spacey! It's very easy to navigate and they have those rolling walk ways which speeds you up to get to your gate! Great airport!
3	This is usually the starting point for anyjourney I take that's more than a day's driveso I'm pretty used to this airport. Convenient.I like that they have a economy parking lot onthe east side and that you can take a shuttleto your terminal. I prefer that to dealing withSuper Shuttle stopping all over town before theyfinally get you home. Also they have decent shopswhere you can get Arizona souvenirs in case youdidn't have time or just remembered at the very last moment. Food prices though are pretty damnoutrageous. Arrive having eaten. The TSA dealis now usually very smooth and fast. And most ofthe time you don't even go through the pervscananyway. Come early if you're going through US Airwaysthough. Those are the most cramped terminals whereyou won't even find a seat in the waiting area ifthe flight is full. And the bathrooms are decenttoo. Enough stalls so that you usually never haveto wait in line even if a flight from some 3rd worldcountry just came in and everybody on the flight had food poisoning.
1	Nobody likes me here either 0_0Whenever I don't have the option of connecting my flights through Vegas, I come here and act like I'm passed out on the floor until I hear my flight beginning to board xp
1	This place is chaotic, confusing, and the people who work here are just plain mean.  Hands down, it is the worst airport I have ever been to.
4	Very efficient airport.  Flying from SD, i have to stop here a lot.  It's always clean.
4	Sky Harbor has always been an easy airport to get in and out of. It's pretty much a giant loop. And since the renovations and whatnot, it looks awesome. They've even changed up the signage, making signs bigger and brighter. The layout of the airport is people friendly; one can navigate their way fairly easily through it. The people are friendly, and they have a decent selection for food, probably more so when some of the local restaurants are going to open in the airport.
4	I think this is my favorite airport I have been to in the last two months. I was extremely happy to find out they have free wifi! This is a major plus for me. They security line was easy breezy (I was traveling United) and the staff seemed friendly. Even when I sat down for a quick cocktail and bite to eat the server made sure I got everything fast. Best airport I've been to in awhile, and I travel a lot!
3	Relatively small airport with a regional feel. Kind of limited on food options but not too bad. Taxi line can be brutal in the summer heat so keep that in mind...
4	Great airport of you are here on a layover. TSA could be faster...however they could hire people under 50 years old. Great selection of restuarants and shops.
4	I've been flying out of or into this place my entire life.  Never a bad experience.  Be careful though - the north curb and south curb throw a lot of people off when you're trying to pick someone up.  Make sure you clarify.
4	Well-run, easy to use airport.  Need I say more?
5	Intellectually challenged from my nap from my flight, I had to use the bathroom. As I stepped out of the stall, I was surrounded by men. Like a boss, I washed my hands and no one said anything.
2	As a frequent flier especially out of Phoenix i have to be honest that Sky Harbor is just a terrible Airport. Lately there has been a ton of construction that makes it impossible to get around and the signs for where the terminals are located just dont work. If your looking for which one of the 4 terminals your plane is leaving from you better know before you get there because your not going to find a sign that tells you. Luckily i know the airport well but its just a terrible system. THough they are now doing some construction to try and fix things (I hope).Parking is a mess with the spiral parking garages and getting in. The one nice thing is the cell phone waiting lots that are actually really useful and pretty accommodating for a large airport. Parking cheap is just a good distance away on washington and is worth it if you have the time and AAA discounts. Inside the airport needs updating but is still better than many of the other airport in the country. Overall the inside is one of the best part of the airport with a good amount of places to eat and drink and alright walking between the different gates. Overall Sky harbor is a low level to middle of the pack airport that is going through some hopefully necessary upgrades but a mess otherwise especially for out of town people.
5	It's super easy to travel to and from Sky Harbor International Airport.  It really is America's friendliest airport.  I travel a lot through this airport and I am very happy with it.Baggage claim is consistently fast.  And I've never had trouble with parking in the economy lot and using the shuttle.Free wi-fi is awesome.Pretty good shops and restaurants inside.
4	I love Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport. It is one of the nicest that I have been in, counting DEN, PHL, Ohare among others. I like the restaurants that are in the airport, as well as the shops. There is even a bus that brings you to the airport from the Metro Light Rail Station.
4	My home airport, so with work travel, I'm passing through here very often. I prefer Terminal 4 because of the variety of eating/drinking options for pre-flight enjoyment, and 2 and 3 are just OK and don't offer so much in amenities... but they're less crowded and that is a nice plus.  Also, free wifi!I rarely get lost in here and to be honest, security here has never been an issue... lines have been long going to gates in Term 4 but they move fairly quickly.I don't do body-scans (my personal choice), so if you choose to do the same, when you put your crap in the conveyor belt and you note they are only doing body scanners, alert the TSA person and let them know you'll need a pat-down (or a groping.. feel-up.... whatever you wanna call it ;)).  Electing to do this takes me longer to get through security, but I prefer it and plan ahead.Also, if you have a digital boarding pass on your iPhone or Android and go through a *different* gate (they are mostly all connected via runways, etc) due to the line at the gate you're supposed to go through, note that they may not be able to scan your digital boarding pass... this happened to us once when we went to another gate with a significantly shorter line.. luckily they had the kiosk just there so I ran out of line and printed them out while hubby held my spot.  FYI!!
4	I think as far as airports go, Sky Harbor is pretty great. As other Yelpers have stated, for such a large airport the security check goes relatively quickly. Terminal 4 is the biggest/best with restaurants, shops, etc but the other terminals are fine as well. Make sure if you're getting dropped off/parking a car that you're at the correct terminal. They're working on a tram but for now you either have a hefty walk or have to catch a shuttle to get to another terminal. Plan ahead, know where you're going and you'll be just fine. Free wi-fi for your layover pleasure and an overall well kept building makes Sky Harbor a great departure point from Phoenix...c'mon, you wouldn't want to be here when it's 115 degrees either.
4	Dubbed "America's Friendliest Airport" well this being my new hometown airport....I can certainly agree with that. Security was a breeze even though they make you totally undress and take everything out of your bag.....LOL.....just kidding there...but they are thorough. This airport has some of the best dining options I have seen at any airport....plenty of ATM's....and FREE WIFI....which is a huge plus for me. The airport is very clean....however as one reviewer put it a lot of what you may experience here will strongly depend on what airline your flying.....what terminal your in.....and of course what day and what time of day your flying.Example: we flew out on a Wednesday afternoon on Southwest Airlines at terminal 3 I believe at gate 31....and everything went fairly smoothly....however if you fly out on weekends or during holidays of course things will be a lot different. The most important thing I can recommend to all who read this review....GET THERE EARLY. I worked for an airline for almost 7yrs.... and I can tell you without a shadow of doubt even at  "America's Friendliest Airport" you need to GET THERE EARLY no matter the time or day and you will be fine. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	It's called America's friendliest airport for a reason- it truly embodies world class service to all. I love it here it's clean, great places to eat and smiling faces to great you esp at TSA!
5	A great airport to be in with many different restaurants and shops to keep you busy on a 3 hour layover. When I had my 3 hour layover it didn't seem like 3 hours. I ate, walked around, and was on their free wi-fi that they provide in the entire airport. I can't complain about anything that had happened there. I didn't talk to anyone because it just wasn't the time for it, but everyone seems very friendly and willing to help you out in anyway you can.This used to be where I lived for years, and I loved every minute of it then. The view when you're taking off and landing is very nice, you'll see the hills and the landscape around you, showing why Sky Harbor is probably one of the best airports in the U.S.
5	The approach coming in was awesome! Coming in downwind, then making the base turn toward the final approach allowed for a great view of the area!An airport like PHX with parallel runways allows for better traffic management for arriving and departing aircraft. From I-10, the signage to return rental vehicles is good. After returning the car, just board the shuttle to the terminal.I had no issues or delays at PHX!
4	I have been to Phoenix airport 3 times, all from connecting flights so I have never been through their security, parking, transportation, etc.  This airport is very clean and easy to get around. The "fast food" options are limited. Though on my last trip through, I noticed they have two huge Starbucks and they serve the breakfast sandwiches- that is unusual for a Starbucks in an airport.I've never had any delays or problems at Phoenix.
1	One star because zero isn't an option. I hate picking people up OR dropping them off here but far worse is having to FLY to or from here. Wheelchair service is a joke... It already is awful to need thus service they should make it easier and not make you feel like garbage for needing it. Then there's the restrooms. Both on the way out and on return they were worse than most gas stations I've visited. Gross. I would rather drive. At least as far as a better airport.
4	Another great airport, quick, clean, and easy to get in and out. The only thing that sucks now is the long hual to the rental car place. But not that big of a deal!!
1	I found the layout of this airport maddening, especially it's rental car pick-up and return.  The rental car area is miles from the actual airport and there was no express way for the buses to get in and out.  It is an extraordinarily inefficient mousetrap that adds on at least 20 minutes to your commute.  On top of that, the rental vehicles are expensive, and there isn't a gas station remotely near the rental car return center.  If you are local or a frequent traveler you probably figure all of this stuff out, but if you are a first timer, it is very frustrating.This could have just been the day I was there, but the security lines were woefully understaffed.  They only had 2 of 6 lines running the day I was there.  Because of this, a bottleneck was being caused by the priority treatment that families, those in wheelchairs, and business class elite receive.  I am all for this preferential treatment, that wasn't the problem, but because the line moved so slow, there were periods of time where these were the only folks who were moving through at all.  The security folks were having a tough time simply keeping up with them.  It took 45 minutes to get through a line that was only 50% full.  I perish the thought of  what it would be like if they had a more substantial group of travelers.On the plus side, I found the airport clean, but that is a base expectation for an airport.  There were good food options in the terminal, but not at the gate.  Because of the aforementioned security bottleneck, you would be crazy on eating anywhere but your gate for fear of missing your flight.In the Terminal 4 section of Southwest, there was a bar and grill.  The food was expensive, and the menu very limited.  In spite of this massive airport, people were wedged in to small areas with virtually no room to move.  I felt like I was eating on child sized furniture.
2	PHX:Right now, the Phoenix airport is more of a 2 star airport, but it is undergoing a lot of renovations so I applaud the effort.  Sky Harbor International has an incredibly long way to go before it can be considered in the same class as some of the nicer international airports, let alone inside the U.S.  The terminals feel drab and dingy.  The old Southwestern-patterned carpets don't help, though there are eye-pleasing murals decorating the walls of some concourses.  Relatively low ceilings and limited window views of the outside coupled with dense passenger traffic can make some sections of this airport feel downright claustrophobic.Seriously though, entering this airport feels like taking a step back in time.  Remember the retro Taco Time theme of brown and burnt orange?  That's what Sky Harbor feels like.  Speaking of food, the restaurant selection here is abysmal.  Fortunately, the aforementioned renovations include the addition of several new eateries including local concepts.  There's currently a lot of on-going construction.At least the future is bright for Phoenicians.Free Wi-Fi.
5	The more I travel, the more thankful I am for my home airport. It is a clean venue featuring interesting decor, tasty food and drink (local faves: Sauce, Press Coffee) and I have never had a terribly long wait at security.
4	Its not a very helpful place but It was clean. It feels old and outdated. I did manage to meet good people that helped me get to my location. For service Im okay if the place doesn't look good.
3	Very mediocre airport when it comes to food & frills. Security lines can be dreadful when only 1 line is open, but at least everyone working has been pleasant. I will say that I appreciate that it's always been clean when I've traveled through!
3	The airport here is a major layover spot for those flying somewhere on the East Coast to California. I know I was here for a while while trying to get to Baltimore.Overall, it is a neat airport -- some food places near terminals, but not too many options as they are mainly "fast food" types. The workers at Nathan's Hot Dogs were actually really nice and gave me a complimentary dog for having been there so long. (:The Southwest staff here are not the most helpful when it comes to layovers, but they try. It can be really crowded too, as you wait. I do not recall any complimentary Wi-Fi in the airport. There is not much of a view from the airport either.As most people said, the restrooms can be really gross. I think it is from the lack of care by other passengers who have their layovers here, as well. Not the worst airport I have been to, but could be better.
5	I like PHX airport.I find it easy to get through and logically laid out.Baggage is simple and I like that you can be picked up at each of the 4 Terminals instead of having to take a train to a main one.I wish they had a few better eateries, but, hey, it's an airport.(Is there some kind of law that requires airports to provide shitty, over-priced food?)Overall, an easy place to navigate.
3	The Good: Free wi-fi, fairly easy to get around (Terminal 4), Decent dining options (Terminals 3 and 4)The Bad: Parking in their garage can cost you dearly, relocation of offsite parking shuttles, terminal 3's somewhat confusing layout, Terminal 2Being a person who frequents this airport, I can tell you it is not Incheon nor Dubai.  However, it is a decent sized facility that can accommodate larger aircraft.  Many of the gates now have newer jetways to accommodate the larger A321s and could easily accommodate the A330s/340s.Food options are decent, even though scarce in some terminals.  However, that is changing.  They are building restaurants such as McDonald's and adding new ones such as Starbucks.  Even baggage claim has a Starbucks.  The above is mostly about Terminal 4 but Terminal 3 has good food options but the terminal is very dated.  Has a fairly confusing layout to the unfamiliar.Terminal 2 is even more dated.  Shame that United and other carriers use this terminal when spaces are available at 3.One of the biggest problems I have with the airport is how the off-site parking shuttles are positioned.  The best way to describe the area is chaotically dangerous.  It is literally at the end of the airport where traffic at different points merges and in front of the corporate cars.  Just imagine a parking or hotel shuttle trying to get in and a corporate car trying to get out with traffic whizzing past between 35-50 mph.  Herding cats would be more orderly.
3	I must say I have experienced better, but this place isn't exactly a 2-star airport... especially since I'm most recently comparing this to San Jose's state of the art hot shot new airport wing.  Bathrooms were moderately clean, could've been better.  Airport seems kind of musty and old and there aren't that many outlets available in the waiting areas.  A few near key points, but not enough in my opinion.  Nice selection of food available, ate at Paradise Bakery and saw a small Chili's inside plus other stuff.  Used the airport shuttle to get to the car rental place and that was pretty easy to figure out.  There seems to be a lot of bus shuttles going through so we didn't have to wait long at all.
4	I've flown in and out of PHX a couple of times and I've been pleased with each experience.The airport has good signage and is easy to navigate through.The Rental Car Center is located a few minutes away from the airport and there's a free shuttle that takes you to and from the location.  If catching the shuttle to the Rental Car Center, the shuttle stops by the curb right outside of the baggage claim area.  The shuttle runs continuously and the wait time has virtually been zero for me the times that I've had to use it.  It seems to be a very efficiently run operation.Just an observation, but the airport is a little on the older, more run down looking side.  It is also not very spacious so the walkways and seating areas can get crowded.
3	I don't know why it is that all these airports have such a major lack of seating.  The staff here are friendly, and security is quick, but I just wish they'd work on the gate areas and add more seats.  Need an example?  Sacramento International's new terminal.
2	A very meh airport. I recently had to make two layovers here and I've got to say, it's not a great layover airport. Horrible food options and very few of them within reasonable walking distance so if you don't have alot of time, you're screwed. One of the most miserable things here was the lack of seating and overall cramped atmosphere in the gate areas. They cramp a dozen gates in a small area and it's a mess. Lines for different flights intertwining and the like. The disorganization mixed with flight delays just made for a very stressful flight.
3	hmmm...looks like Phoenix has made some changes since the last time I've came through!Their staff is ALOT friendlier than the staff I've encountered a year or two ago. The change of attitude in the staff made a huge difference.I don't know if this was always there before, but southwest airlines has a little tv area, (complete with a table and seats) made specifically for kids to watch cartoons and eat. This kept the midget well preoccupied during the 3 hour layover! They are also working on a new tram that will help passengers with getting around terminals. I feel more comfortable in this updated Phoenix airport and I like the direction they are headed to. Keep up the good progress Phoenix!
4	I like this airport due to the easily accessible lounges. If you don't have a lounge pass then this place can be a lame spot. Although there are plenty of food and beverage options - the airport is spread out and you need time to0 get from one terminal to the other - especially if you are crossing the country. The regional stuff usually stays in one terminal - for us  - the B terminal. The terminal lounge in B only stays open until 8 pm.
2	After my fourth visit here I no longer can give this airport a pass for a bad day. It's 7pm, not a shop or restaurant is open, this has been every trip. So much for eating on a layover. Gates and airport in general are dingy and unkempt, dirty carpets, full trash cans, funny smell.
3	Cool, clean, good selection of eateries when waiting for your flight.  First time here and a good first impression.
4	Sky Harbor has always been one of my favorite airports to fly into. Maybe I'm biased because I used to live in Phoenix, but it's spacious, clean, and beautiful. It can get busy at times, but definitely not chaotic like JFK!
2	As soon as you get off the plane you feel like you've landed in 1980s. Seriously, the furniture, decor, and the monitors are completely from "Back to the Future." I couldn't believe my eyes, it is not 2012?  " I'm not picky about my airport interior design, but it's just depressing here." -MacRae O. said it best  I didn't have a long layover so I can't comment on the phone options. There is WiFi and no hassle so that is why it gets two stars, but hopefully they will have more updates in the future.
3	Nice shops and restaurants.  User-friendly terminal.
4	Sky Harbor is a good airport, it really is, but no match for my beloved Tucson International. I can't recall many poor experiences here, thank god! It's easy to get through, not too massive, nor too small (but Iike small). It's a pleasant airport. But Sky Harbor smells like Cinnabon and Burger King on every corner and every terminal, so I'm sorry, but I'm knocking a star for that! I don't mind the pizza hut smell though :) If Sky Harbor got a little facelift in the food department, I'd be glad to give a sold 5 stars!
4	As airports go, we are spoiled, Phoenicians!This place has always been better than most other airports I've been to! Great food choices, easy to read signs, security moves quickly, and hello!? no snow here to make us sit on a runway!!!There are plenty of clean shops to find things to occupy your time on a long flight.I don't know if you could have ever smoked here, but it sure doesn't smell like it. Outside by the curb only!Free wifi.I miss ATA, only because they had some awesome flight attendants stationed in Phoenix. It took me a little while to get used to the new colors of the exit signs when leaving the terminals, but they are pretty clear once you realize it's just a color change! I've been here 100+ times over the years. Still get excited every time I come back from another state.
4	I can't think of a major airport I would give more than 4 stars to, so this one ranks pretty high for me. Sky Harbor is HUGE! Do not book a connection for under one hour unless you thrive on stress and love spending time in airports.This review is for Terminal 4 the USAirways terminal  There is a nice variety of food and shopping options past security. The gate areas are bright and open and the available seating is adequate. The corridors are usually easy to navigate although it can get quite crowded at times. Everything is well marked. Generally the staff, both airport and airline, are friendly and helpful. There is free wifi. A big plus for me. A few more convenient outlets/charging stations would be nice. All in all this is not a bad airport to have to spend time in between flights.
3	As the plane touched down on the oily black tarmac, I glanced out the window. Through the sweltering Phoenix heat, I could see people driving in their vehicles, mindless to those that were landing in their magical city.  I was one of those people, looking for magic.  My time in Phoenix only amounted to a walk from Terminal B to Terminal C to catch a flight that had not allowed for a decent layover.  In my ten minute journey, I was able to enjoy all of Phoenix's finest smells and airport workers.  While I was briskly ushered through the concourse by the moving sidewalk, I thought that I saw an angel descend upon the desert city.  I was wrong, it was just another plane touching down.
4	Luckily, I didn't have to travel far to make my connecting flight. And for this, I thank you, Phoenix.My brief layover was pleasant as the employees were kind and the flight was on time.  Hopefully, next time I can grace Phoenix with my presence for a little while longer.
3	My review of the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport is not as entertaining since I arrived late night and left on the first flight out Monday morning.  When I arrived everything was closed, which was fine - because I came to see the city and not the airport. When we walked out it seemed like you were walking into an overly heated room, about 90 degrees. The shuttles to the rental car facility were right there as you walked out the door. My only complaint is that when I flew out that morning and arrived at the airport at 5am, the only stores open were Cinnabon and Nathan's Hotdog and it smelled like one big Cinnamon Hot Dog. Killed my appetite until lunch later that day.
5	Phoenix Sky Harbor is one of the very best airports you could fly into or out of!  I travel a lot and I will admit that my rating of Sky Harbor was different a couple of years ago, but now they are one of the best!Top reason's why Sky Harbor rocks!~Location, location, location!! You don't have to drive way out to Timbuktu to catch a plane.  Super easy to get into the airport with east and west exits.~Size does matter!!  It's smaller and easier to get around than some of the larger airports.  You don't have to ride a stupid train to get your baggage!~It's very clean inside the terminals.  The decor is somewhat modern and it very interesting to look at.  They've done a very nice job with decorating the terminals in a desert theme but it doesn't feel like your in the desert...lol~TSA stations are easy to get through especially if you use your iPhone for your boarding pass.  Not all airports are offering this yet.~There are plenty of one stop flights available to most major cities!! YES!They offer free WIFI ~ I know, I know this should be the standard now in all airports but it NOT!  Several major airports don't offer free WIFI?!?!~Plenty places to get a cup of coffee!Sure I call this airport home ~ but I would be a challenge to find a much better airport in the US!
2	B/C I can get to this airport using public transportation ill give it 4 stars, b/c i got a ticket from picking up my luggage for 5 seconds because it came in late and i got a ticket -2 and i was about to get towed in less than 5 mins i hate this place lol!!
3	can get to by using the light rail and free wifi, it's okay but this is the best in phx!
3	Having been through PHX several times on my way to my favorite spa in Scottsdale, I generally have a good feeling when I arrive (vacation yay!) and not great when I have to leave (back to reality- boo!).  But that's not the airport's fault...This airport is pretty easy to navigate- shuttles to a fancy schmancy off-site rental car center are readily available and convenient, though signs are not as prevalent as they could be.  People mover walkways are prevalent in the long walkways connecting areas of the airport.  Since Arizona is very hot, strong air conditioning is important so I notice that it's pretty good, since I feel comfy until the hair dryer-like blast I receive when I walk out the electronic doors to get to the shuttle.  The airport is a little old and dated; gates are not as spacious as they could be for the amount of passengers for each flight, and bathrooms are cramped and have limited space for everyone's rolling bags.  And I cannot find Coke brand beverages (especially Dasani) after security to save my life, or scorched throat.  Gimme some options PHX!
3	Welcome to the 80's! Holy cow, I don't mind the outdated decor but the limited seating and small bathrooms got to me. Thankfully I had a late night flight and there was hardly anyone in the airport. Although it was frustrating that everything was getting ready to close when I landed, so I had to rush to get something to eat. There were charging stations all over the airport but it would have been nice if the charging stations were closer to the seats themselves instead of in the middle of the walkway. The gift shop is amazing though. They had great stuff to choose from. Overpriced of course, which doesn't surprise me but I loved the fact that everything was different from every other airport I've been too.If I had a choice, I wouldn't fly through here again unless I had too.
4	USAir has gates in this airport. Flew from Charlotte to Ontario, Ca with a plane change here and found it to be very convenient.When you fly into SoCal, you have many choices.With USAir you have the option to fly into LAX and deal with traffic or you can fly into Ontario with a short and easy plane change in PHX.USAir merged with AmericaWest Airlines in 2005. Since AW was HQ in Tempe it allows USAir to provide multiple flights to many Western cities and destinations in Mexico as well.
4	One of the best airport in US. Staffs are very friendly. Its pretty easy to get to off-site rental car center are readily available and convenient PARKING is EXTREMELY COSTLY at the terminal (~$24/day).. Allow yourself enough time and park at the Economy parking outside and take the shuttle.  FREE WIFI though out the airport.
4	I haven't been to many airports in my life, so of the few that I've been to, Sky Harbor is one of the better ones. And here's why: outlet stations. If you have any kind of electronic device that sometimes acts as an extra appendage, you can appreciate the sight of a row of outlets in an airport. I can't tell you how many times I've arrived at the airport, realized my cell battery was low and panicked at the thought of my phone dying before take off and not having any buffer to airplane small talk.Sky Harbor is clean and efficient with helpful signage as airport signage should be. I think I've always flown out of B or C gate and the food options are pretty good-better than your standard airport cuisine. Of course the prices are airport-appropriate (see: highway robbery), but should you be stuck there for an extended period of time, the eats won't be limited to mystery meat from the golden arches. Pretty much every restaurant I saw had a bar which is great for those of us with air travel anxiety. I don't mind stopping through Sky Harbor and should I get stuck there, I think it's one of the better airports to get stuck in.
4	Another delayed flight, what's new?  I've used the time to develop an airport rating system mostly compatible with Yelps five star reviews.  So on a scale of one to five stars, with five being A PALACE, "I'd rather spend time here than at home," and one being THE PIT OF DESPAIR (say it in the albino's voice for greatest effect) Phoenix's Sky harbor rates a decent 3.5.Sky harbor is on the small side of large airports and as such one expects a certain degree of difficulty getting to it and finding parking, one accepts this difficulty and plans accordingly (or one doesn't and misses one's flight).  Phoenix is no more or less agonizing than any big airport in terms of getting there.The external waiting areas (before security check points) are nice, there are comfy chairs with convenient charging stations throughout and a good selection of shops and restaurants (even a flight museum).  Shy Harbor offers free wireless, the only price you pay is nervous exhaustion waiting for the achingly slow connection.Security can be a bit of an ordeal.  The scanners appear to be some sort of already outdated beta test version that take seven seconds to violate your privacy rights instead of the more usual three seconds.   Upon exiting the scanner there are no seats for passengers to sit on while they gather up their belongings and put their shoes back on.  One small bench does exist, but as of the writing of this review it was hidden behind some temporary walls and a desk.  Lack of seating means people tend to clog up the exit side of security trying to snatch up their things and put themselves back together before moving out of the way of others.   The high point of today's trip through security was Mr. Grumpypants, one of the rudest TSA agents I have encountered in awhile, haranguing the senior citizens for leaving their paper tickets in their pockets.The open, modern terminals are clean, clearly marked, and fairly easily navigated.  There are no trams and surprisingly few moving walkways for a town full of retirees (I leave it to you to decide if that is a plus or a minus).   Once at the gate I found that there were wall outlets available but they were located about five feet up the walls and not always next to any seating.  Not exactly convenient, but at least available.  there are a small assortment of shops and restaurants in the terminals but the good stuff is all back past security.
2	This airport really sucks.  The layout for one is ridiculous.  I felt like we spent most of our two hour layover walking from one terminal to the next just to grab a quick meal.  The saving grace was Paradise Cafe.  It was the only high quality and decently priced place to get a meal that both my child and I would like.  If you're traveling alone I'm sure you can find other places but having a kid really limits the choices!  Also they have a complete lack of power outlets!  Most airports these days have a long row of nice leather chairs with outlets in the arm, but PHX is lacking this.  You just have to hope you can get a seat by one of the columns with an outlet in it, but then you get the death stare from ten other people when you plug in!
4	Its an air portEverything is over pricedThe staff is under mannedElectric outlets are few and inconveniently placedWhat ever it gets me from A to B by bicecting the gravitational forces of the flux capacitor. Fuck u science!
2	Not a fan of the airport being 10 miles away from car rental... Easy to get around but plan extra time for the shuttle ride.
4	Good airport.  I'm not a world travel or a weekly traveler, but this airport got it done.  Upon my arrival, they got my bags out quick and an exit was easy to find.  My ride easily found me and whisked me off to the golf course haha. On my flight out I arrived early and got checked in without problem.. check my golf clubs without as much as a hiccup and made my way through security.  It was 'early' in the morning so there was a chunk of business travelers. It took me about 20 minutes to get through security.  There are a handful of shops pre security (including paradise bakery) and then another handful of shops after security.  Plenty of places to sit and relax while you wait for your flight with plug ins bountiful.  My flight was delayed getting out for a bit, but what can you do?
3	I like the free wifi.  Bonus points there.They've got a great system based on numbers and colors on the doors so if someone is picking you up in a car it's easy to tell them "Hey, I'm standing next to the blue 4 door 26.  However, if you're like me, the last time I was picked up at this airport by my little brother who lives in Phoenix we discovered that there is a 4 South and a 4 North...  That is, we EVENTUALLY figured it out.  Well, isn't that special.You DO NOT want to change airlines in Phoenix.  Not only do you have to leave the terminal and find an airport shuttle to take you to the other terminal (where you have to reprocess through TSA hell) but the airline didn't instruct me on how to do this.  I went running down to the other end of the terminal trying to find the right gate only to be told I had to leave the terminal to take the tram/shuttle.  Just TRY finding the right door to leave and catch the right tram.  It was an adventure, I tell you.  TSA check point was so backed up I'd have never have made my connecting flight.  Thank goodness that flight was running late and the airline rebooked me on another flight or  I'd have been SOL.Not my favorite airport ever - Denver has way better food options, for example - but it gets the job done.  And so can I on the free wifi.
2	PHX is truly one of the worst airports out there. It's outdated, too small for the crowd, and amenities are definitely lacking. It just doesn't get much worse than this airport.Also the security lines are just crazy abnormally long during odd hours of the days.... More so than other airports of similar size. So make sure you have enough time planned in advanced when getting through this airport.
1	Rental car review.118 degrees.  Standing outside in the heat waiting for a bus.  10 minutes go by and I have seen 3 busses leave with out of service signs.  Another 10 minutes pass and no active duty busses.  Finally, a bus!  We have a packed bus and the driver is just standing outside.  5 minutes later he comes back on the bus and we drive 10 miles an hour the whole way to the terminal.PHX...pay attention.  Business travelers do not appreciate being left in the heat for 20 minutes watching out of service busses pass by.
3	Kind of sucks that we had to layover here, but it is what it is. Just a layover. I did notice they have a cell phone waiting lot which is nice and I wish more airports had them when waiting for rides.Surprised at how large the airport is or seems to be. There are plenty of long walk ways to the gates or a ride on the people movers if feeling too lazy to foot it. Or a ride on the pallett jacks with benches seems to be a popular mode of transport.Big plus is the free wi-fi. Other people seem to not have much luck with a connection, but mine seems just fine.Not a ton of food options at all. CPK to go, Pizza Hut, Cinnabon. Typical mall food.Bathrooms are kind of blech...I think the carpet with the little airplanes could use a cleaning. At least in C12. It smelled funny. Waiting areas by the gates don't have a ton of seating.
4	Phoenix has a nice and very large airport with multiple terminals. You can find lots of amenities at the airport and some decent dining options.  Fair warning though that there aren't that many dining options once you get to the gates so grab food or eat before you get there if you want any diversity.  Multiple Starbucks through out the airport so it is easy to find your caffeine fix as needed.  Security can take some time, like most airports at times, so get to the airport with plenty of time to spare for your flight.
4	I've had the privilege of flying into PHX on one blissful weekend to run the 2011 P.F. Chang Rock n Roll Arizona marathon. Finding that cheap airline ticket from HNL was the challenge in itself, but it was totally worth it. PHX is about a 10 minute drive from downtown Phoenix, so it wasn't too bad, although they also have a public transportation that's pretty noteworthy too. Using Delta Airlines as my prime carrier of choice, I connected through Salt Lake City, before boarding the small regional jet to PHX. There were some direct flights to PHX, but it was on US Airways, an airline I don't know much about, or do I really want to fly with anyways. I stick with what works and makes me happy.PHX itself is a regional airport, but is large enough to support a large flux of commuters and travelers getting into Phoenix and other destinations within the surrounding region or across the USA, if not farther than that. There is not much in the way of shopping here, unless you were to do the usual snacks, restaurants, and other pickups of souvenirs you want to snag at the airport before leaving for your final destination.  Getting in and out of this airport is similar to other sized airports, just go to follow the directional arrows to the baggage claim and pick up your luggage before heading to the rental car counter or shuttle, taxi cab area, or the waiting area for your friends and family. I definitely love PHX and the city of Phoenix and Tempe. Just like most airports, the ticketing area is very much together, unless mentioned otherwise. I do love the airline DIY kiosks, since I know I can do it myself without having to do much of anything. I normally just check in on my iPhone and print out the paper boarding pass at the airport. Sometimes, I should just use my iPhone app to go through security, just to save a little bit of time. Then again, I do like to keep those boarding pass mementos of 1st class seating, just because it's just an awesome feeling to be in 1st class rather than in economy. For now, economy works right now, since airline tickets are getting to be a pain. There is free wifi connectivity here at the airport, so that's a good thing when you need it. The baggage claim area at PHX is smaller than I thought, but it's pretty good. The only problem would be that airport prices for food and amenities do cost an arm and a leg. That's the crappy part of the entire flying experience for me. While I know they have to make money somehow, try to find some other way to gauge the flying public, please! I know I shouldn't really grumble about it, but I'm blessed to be flying when all I am doing is running marathons in every state in the United States. I probably won't come back to PHX in the future. If I do, it will just be passing through to other destinations still undiscovered by me.Fly away!B+
3	This airport is huge. So big that I would never want to transfer flights here with different airlines because I don't know if I would make it in time. Big plus that there is free wifi and decent food options
4	I've flown into and out of Phoenix airport several times in my life.  Well, not me, I've been inside a plane, but you already knew that.Anyway, the airport is clean, the people working there are nice, and it's one of the major hubs for US Airways.  The terminal we were in had a Starbucks, a Burger King, a Cinnibon and a Mexican spot.  There were a couple of gift shops with typical Arizona schwag (t-shirts, mugs, etc.).  They also had books for people who forgot to bring their own.We were delayed for 5 hours due to weather on the East Coast which sucked, but wasn't their fault.  They fed us snacks for free and kept us updated every 15-30 minutes or so.  Anyway, this isn't one of those airports with armrests on their chairs so it was easy, albeit uncomfortable, to take a nap.  Travel well, my friends!
2	NEEDS BETTER FOOD!!! Even Oakland upgraded... get with it Phoenix!!!
3	The amount of space this airport takes up is huge. Way to big, the walk to your gate is forever. If your making a connection its even worse.
3	Just A-OK, long walkway between terminals.
3	Nice airport but doesn't offer many eateries in their terminals. Many of their escalators were down due to maintenance issues and that didn't help their cause but it easy to get to.  Good thing I wasn't there long or I probably would have given them a 2 star rating.
2	This has to be one of the worst airports ever!  If you get dropped off (or picked up), you get yelled at for taking too long. Then they have double "parking" on drop off so you get yelled out for not being able to move. Huh?  Once inside you're kind of on your own...not a lot of signs to direct you to the right place. If you ask for help, you will more than likely be "greeted" with an unfriendly "yeah".  The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because they do have free wifi.
4	Fast, efficient security lines.  That's one of the most important factors of how good an airport is (to me at least).  Most of the good food is before the security gates, so if you're wanting to eat there before your flight, I'd recommend going about 15-30 minutes before you'd normally arrive at the airport.  The layout of the airport is fairly straight forward, moving sidewalks are way more convenient and efficient than trams, another plus.
5	I used to live in Arizona and have flown out of here, as well as flown through here as a layover so I have had the pleasure of experiencing each scenario of being a traveler in this airport.When flying out of here to go to Vegas, I parked pretty far away, and had a bus shuttle me into the airport. This was a fast and painless experience and only took about 10 minutes total. Once I got into the airport and got my boarding pass I went through security check within about 5 minutes. There were a lot of people there, however, the people from TSA were working fast and were still checking everything from what it seemed to me at least. So within 20 minutes of arriving to the airport I am already inside the airport and able to get to my terminal if I were in a hurry.Since I wasn't in a hurry because I give myself plenty of time to get to my destination when flying, I ended up getting something to eat at Round Table Pizza. This airport has a lot of shops and restaurants to choose from that will keep you occupied or get you what you want in a flash if you're in a hurry. I always find friendly people here that start up random conversations which I particularly enjoy doing while I travel, it makes the time fly by (pun intended).When I have flown through here from when I moved back to Buffalo, I was happy to be back to my favorite place I have ever lived in my life. I walked around in here until my flight was boarding just looking at the great looking landscape that is surrounding you outside. There are some hot spots in the airport that you can feel the heat beating through with the sun throwing down 110 degree heat, but it's a nice feeling of being back. The entire airport is obviously air conditioned, but it's nice to have Arizona throw me some nostalgic beams of heat to remind me what this great state does best, melt everything! hehe.Overall this is my favorite airport I've ever been to, and there's a reason it's called the Friendliest Airport....because everyone here is very nice, and helpful. I am surprised at the reviews here, but I guess you can't please everyone!
4	It gets 4 stars for having free Wi-Fi.  Be aware that if you are on US Air (and more than likely you are), you may have a long walk between gates.  They do have a lot of moving walkways though.Other than that, it is your typical airport.  Feels a little outdated, but they are in the process of updating.
3	I like phoenix its clean and classy.  I dont really have much bad to day...but nothing stands out.
2	Great restaurants here, but can they get a flight out on time?  Leaving PHX for SFO was almost an hour late and returning to HNL from PHX was 40 minutes late.Geez...at least I was able to get there and didn't have other connecting flights.
4	Ahhh... what can I say about Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport. I'm no airport expert but I travel enough to know what I like and don't like. So Sky Harbor is clean, there's continuous improvements and upgrades and people are pretty friendly. Getting in and out of it is also painless. I cringe sometimes when flying in and out of the airlines that are hubbed there (not putting any carriers on blast here) as sometimes its a 2 mile trek to get to your gate. But overall, a pretty decent airport.  I would rate it 3 stars but I'm giving it a 4 because I met a super hot army guy there recently while waiting for a flight to Burbank. He may be the future Mr. Jenna R. so that deserves an extra star, right???
4	NIce airport, decent amount of shops but could use more variety. Lately they've been revamping their restaurants and getting some way tastier options.
3	Decent airport with a limited variety of food choices and a strange layout. It feels a little outdated but I was only at the airport for a quick layover.
2	Sky Harbor is one poor gateway to the city of Phoenix and the Valley of the Sun.  It is outdated, super crowded, it feels dirty and it is the home of US Airways, the biggest carrier in and out of this airport.Terminal 4 is configured rather poorly.  The terminal reminds me of a backwards E, like the second E in EMIN3M, except that there is another prong to the backwards E.  The concourses are not spacious at all, the seating limited, and consequently the crowds spill out into the walkway areas..  To go from one end of Terminal 4 to the other necessitates using really narrow moving walkways which are on the spine of the E.  It is really hard to maneuver if you want to pass the throngs given the limited space.  The distances are long, the bruises will be many, either to you but most likely given by you as you negotiate your way between flights.The other thing that must be mentioned is that Sky Harbor is not a business person's airport but rather a tourist airport.  I think that contributes a lot to the chaos.  When an airport is full of amateurs, like Sky Harbor, there are bottlenecks of humanity in all the wrong places.  Further exacerbating the tourist nature of this airport are the snowbirds who flock here so that they can seek skin cancer in all months of the year, not just summer in their native habitats of the Upper Midwest.Get going on the remodel since it is long overdue and make sure you take in mind the tourists and the business traveler when updating this airport.
3	Recently visited Phoenix only via a layover at this airport.  Having just been on a plane for over three hours, I was in need of some grub and a little disappointed in the limited selection available to me in concourse D.  I did end up getting a 'grab-and-go' breakfast burrito from the sole restaurant, but it actually took a really long time considering that many people are in quite a rush at the airport.  Looks like they're building some new things though, so hopefully that will help.  Seats in the waiting area were plentiful and comfortable, and they even had a kids table with cartoons playing nearby.
4	All I can say was that it is a modern airport here, clean, very accessible for business travelers, high, opened ceilings. Passed through on a same day business trip - morning in, evening out - and the last memory I had here was sitting at the bar with my boss, sipping at a beer while waiting for our flight. Security check is quick too.
3	Very trashy, well maybe just the people. The facility indeed was pleasant. The place is quite quant, but comperable to the amount of traffic that goes through their airport.
2	I expected more from Phoenix (I don't know why).  The terminals are SOOOOO far from each other and the skyshuttle isn't open yet so depending on the length of your layover you may get some exercise from running.  Flew on US Airways and didn't find many food options in a few terminals which was disappointing.  Not impressed.
4	I am most likely considered a "casual" traveler, I take one to three flights a year at the moment, and I've had pretty consistently good experiences here at Sky Harbor, plus the thought of a bunch of wonderful local restaurants and breweries moving in sooner or later just makes me all kinds of happy. The traffic around the airport is always very manageable, whether it be foot or vehicle traffic, the runway has never been swamped enough to delay any of my flights, I have never been harassed or detained by security for any reason, and there always seems to be someone nearby if I need help with anything. I even will typically show up a bit early to hang around the airport and explore for a little bit... I've been to quite a few airports in my day and I've got to say Sky Harbor is my favorite.
1	Had to stop here for connecting flight coming from cancun. After customs, u have to physically get ur luggage (the one u checked-in) from the carousel, then check it again for your connecting flight. The problem i encountered was going to security again to go to the gate for my connecting flight. The security specifically shouted to everybody that we need to take out all liquid we brought and place it on top of our bags as it entered into the scanner. This caused so much hassle because i didnt expect they demand such a thing. I fly a lot and this was the first time they demand such. Of course since i didnt know, the specific liquid (mouthwash) was at the bottom of my bag and i have to remove all my stuff out of the bag to get it..urgghhhh!!
3	I've had a number bad experiences through Sky Harbor but mainly due to the airlines and delayed flights causing missed connections at Sky Harbor.  The airport itself is decent.  The biggest thing I believe to pay attention to is what terminal you come into and have to leave out of if you are coming through in a layover.  The distance between the terminals is pretty long if you're in a rush.  If your originating or finishing at PHX then everything seems to go pretty smooth.  I do like the Blue Burrito for food and the renovations over the last several years have helped.Another thing to note is the distance of the rental car center facility from the airport terminals.  Make sure you add an additional 30 minutes for car pick up and 30 minutes for return on departure.
3	Standard airport. Nothing to write home about. Thank you for getting me (and my bags) from point A to point B! Nice work!
3	What I liked about this place was that it looks like you have landed on Mars. Just check out some of the rock formations outside. What I do not like about this place is that it is in Arizona. Enough said.
4	You know I have to say I haven't had a really bad experience here. I have always been able to check in, check my bags and get through security within the span of an hour. The people haven't been rude, they certainly haven't had that down home charm but hey we are almost on the west coast...what do you expect.Its easy to get to and travel through on multiple airlines.No complaints!
4	When I first saw reviews on the airport, I was like "not like there is a choice what a silly thing to review" but upon pondering it for a quick moment, I'd have to say PHX Sky Harbor is a pretty good airport. Plenty of parking, pretty clean, not way out of town like alot of airports are, and free wi-fi too. In comparison to other airports I have been too over the years, PHX Sky Harbor has consistently been pretty good!
4	As far as airports go - this one is pretty damn good! Especially the main terminal with Southwest Airlines. There are so many great restaurants for an airport that showcase all types of food. The airport has a few halls that are museum-esque with their displays of Arizona artwork and photography. If you're ever lost or overwhelmed, just look for someone in a purple jacket and they'll happily get you the info or directions that you need! Oh - and a tip - if the line to get through security for your gate is too long, just go in another one. You'll have a bit of walking to do but they all connect and once inside you can take the moving sidewalks if you'd like. That way you're not stuck waiting to be xrayed.
3	For being such a big hub they really don't have any restaurants or bars but I do see they are expanding which is a good thing. Security isn't that bad here so you can be in and out in no time especially in the evenings. Overall its a decent airport compared to others.
2	Short Answer: Meh.Long Answer: Old.  Smelly.  Terminals that are absurdly far from each other. Yup, just about what I expected from Phoenix.I can't really HATE on the place: my flight wasn't delayed for example.  The AC didn't seem to be working well, but it's hot outside and that happens.But this is US Air's hub: I expected at least more than one restaurant every 200 ft.  The whole thing feels like it's slowly gotten bigger and bigger with no thought for central planning.  The free WiFi is cool but a lot of airports have that now too.  It's ok, jut not anything exciting.
2	Living in Yuma, AZ I pretty much fly out of Phoenix every time I travel.  The airport is huge.  If you are flying to or from Yuma put your running shoes on.  Connecting times in addition to delays will sometimes leave you with 10 minutes to get to the next gate that is like 1/4 mile away.  My suggestion is to flag down one of those speedy cart guys.  food options are decent.  there's a cool Tex-mex place in Terminal A.
5	Lots of new dining options.....
4	The free wifi rocks here. And like the other reviewers, not too crowded and a lot of charging stations in the southwest terminal!
3	Free WiFi! Spread far out, but I guess if you have one thing in Arizona, it's space
2	Terminal 3 doesn't have the most intuitive signs especially when you need to exit to change terminals.  However, the airport tram is being built right now and parts should be open in the next year or so.  Internet is spotty most likely due to number of users.  If you desperately need to get work done, don't count on getting a stable signal in parts of this airport.  However WiFi is Free
4	check out modern burger, its delish.
3	You know when you think this is the first time you have been somewhere, but it turns out, it isn't... this is that story.  I was here in 2009, under sad circumstances so that could be why I don't remember the airport.  I remember my cousin picking me up outside, but that's about it.So this time I was just changing planes San Diego to Milwaukee via Phoenix on US Airways.  Actually if you looked at the tail of our plane, it was a former America West plane that they must have not painted yet.  If you are changing planes, make sure you give yourself enough time to get from terminal to terminal because the walk is looooong.  Unlike other airports that have shuttles and trams, Phoenix does not, but they do have lots and lots of moving walkways.As someone else mentioned, it does feel a little dated... brown leather seats, maroon/brown carpeting... I understand the Southwest theme, but it could use an update.  There seems to be a lack of seating in some areas... my gate was clustered with three other gates at the end of the building and there were people sitting all over the floor, people standing while most of the seats around the gates were filled.  And in looking around, there was plenty of space to add more seating without getting in the way.Some areas in the terminal have more options for food and shops, so you may want to make a note of it or stop on the way to your gate.  On other areas, you may be more limited... there was an shop and a "cafe".  The cafe is where I had breakfast, but it wasn't that great... I should've just gone for a pastry, but their Dark French Roast Coffee was awesome and I'm so glad they have giant to-go cups.My flight was about 30 minutes delayed... it had to do with a delayed plane from Mexico and then customs had to clear the plane which added to the original delay.  Overall it wasn't a half bad experience.  With the way that AA is upsetting me, I could be passing through Phoenix more often.
3	A pleasant enough place to stop-over on my flight from Las Vegas back to Newark, NJ. It was clean and the security staff was polite.The food options seems varied, from cheap food to expensive, so there's a little something for everyone there.Can't say I left the terminal I was in, so I have not many details that I can include.
4	Good food, easy to travel in and out of. I enjoy flying out of this airport.
4	Great airport to fly in or out of.
4	Free WiFi!
2	Waited at the gate on the plane for a half hour because we arrived early. What? One concourse, 8pm, 50 hungry people, one eatery, on a Friday evening makes a grumpy traveler-plus, I had to search around for a bit to find a screen to find where my connecting flight was. -Not my favorite airport.
3	One of the Biggest Air Port But they need more Restaurants in different terminal. we had a 2 hr layover we walked almost the whole airport just to find something we wanted . Besides that it clean at least the areas we walked .
4	This airport is sort of old looking, but I think what made it 4 stars to me was the food options and the Wi-Fi here is STRONG unlike most airports. There are so many moving walkways here though which kind of get annoying. There are really good food options and the one I enjoyed was Olive & Ivy. Next to that there are a few more restaurants that looked JUST as good! Wish I could try them all! Not really much else to say because this airport functions the same as every other airport!
4	Clean and planes show up periodically, cool
3	I want to get to where I'm going, but I think I hate airports!  Although I didn't have any issues, by the time we landed, and had to walk it seemed like 2 miles, take off our shoes, and go through all the crap again, it was time to get on the plane to LV.  I just got off 1 plan, why did I have to go through all that again!  Uggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh!  lol
3	Did not like how they landed us at one end of the airport and gave us only 15 minutes to run through almost the entire place to make our connecting flight. I know that is not the airports fault but, I guess those moving walkways did help. They had a lot of food options there, and I did try Olive and Ivy, which had a really good breakfast muffin sandwich that had avocado in it. It seemed to be on the older side, but it was like any other airport to me!
3	Confusing airport.   Seriously confusing out of a lot of airports that I've been to.
4	Easier to get in and out of than the LAS airport!  lol
4	I've only had one arrival and departure at the Phoenix airport and found it to be fairly delightful. I didn't have problems with long walks to my gate as other travelers, so perhaps I was just lucky? What did stick out during my travels was the overall friendliness of the people I met who work at the airport. TSA was cool, the lady at Starbucks was awesome and the man at the information desk was super helpful! It's a little sad that we live in a world where you expect a high level of grumpiness at the airport, but I think every traveler can relate. I found the airport to be pleasant and I honestly wouldn't have minded hanging out for while but alas I did have a flight to catch!One story which I will share (more for my own personal note taking) was that while I waited to check my luggage I observed a man openly berating his wife while they traveled with their four children. That dude was not cool and if I had my way, he would have been flying on the outside of the plane to his next destination. Could we make this a TSA security duty and have a douche or no douche scanner? Just sayin...31 Yelps Challenge: #25/31
4	Unlike other airports I've been in where your options for food are your massive conglomerate chain restaurants like McDonald's and Burger King, Sky Harbor has a nice array of more local, higher quality restaurants for you to choose from (e.g., La Grande Orange, Olive and Ivy, Barrio Cafe), as well as some healthier choices compared to eating a greasy burger and fries (e.g., Paradise Bakery).  There are a lot of good parking options, whether you choose the airport's own parking lot or private lots that provide shuttle service.  I also appreciate the free wi-fi, it definitely helps whittle the time away while you are waiting for your flight!
4	I don't mind this airport.  I'm here more often than other locations since it's a hub for the place I always travel back and forth to/from.I like this airport because it's always pretty dead, or at least it looks that way.  There are lots of food options and usually seating, (or at least there has been when I've been there).  My only complaint is that the walk from terminal to terminal is SOOOOO long.  Literally every time I've gone through this airport, I've walked from one end to the other.  It's such a long trip, and if you're on a connecting flight with a short amount of time to make it there, it can be stressful.
3	otAz was a blast
3	I am a frequent flyer and connect thru Phoenix regularly.  This airport is quite large and you will spend a fair amount if time walking.  Security isn't to bad, restaurants in the main terminal are very good, but in the actual concourse where the gates are located, there are not many choices for food.  Paradise bakery is located in the main terminal and my personal favorite.
3	PHX airport is all about the airline you are flying on.  If you are on US Airways, expect modern, clean, bright and tons of amenities.  It is their main hub and headquarters after all.  If only the same could be said for their airplanes!  Flying any other airline, anticipate a terminal that forgot to expect passenger traffic.  Old, dingy and very sparse in terms of amenities.  Pretty soon, the Smithsonian will be calling to use the non-US Airways terminals as a history display.
4	Airport is nice, but getting here from Sedona was not fun. Gps took us to some private airport and we missed our flight. Don."t trust your GPS
4	Lots of places to hang out while waiting on your flight, even beyond TSA!  The only drawback of this airport is it doesn't have the long overdue sky train cars ready yet.  I hope to be back to experience it when the train cars are in full operation!
3	yep yep it is a big azz airport!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	Dirty, grungy, 80s carpet with the matching smell. This airport is very old (or old looking) the food courts serve terrible food and the restaurant in there are not much better. I have seen better looking airports in develpoing countries
3	well...I would stay clear of Arizona if I could...but I have to go every now and then since my parents live there...so - the airport. it's clean...cool paging system.a little confusing for the elderly and lots of walking...even if you ask for a wheelchair, and they have staff and tons of wheelchairs, they'll take forever.dining options - not many.the baggage area smells like smoke...what the hell? it's not Vegas...
4	Very nice and organized. This is an airport that I can say that has a "personality", you know you are in the Midwest... the seated restaurants and the fast food are really local and good.  Even the souvenir stores are well stocked, not only keychains and postcards. Free Wi-Fi is definitely a plus.If I need to have a stop b4 my destination... this would be my choice other than Charlotte.
4	I liked that this airport was not as chaotic as LAX. The layout is good, and nothing is confusing. Checking in at the Southwest counter was easy. Security moves at a good and steady pace. There are several dining options and several Starbucks locations to get my espresso fix. There are also souvenir shops that are reasonably priced if you didn't get a chance to pick up of a few things to remember your Arizona trip. It's a good airport to keep the stresses of traveling to a minimum.
3	OK airport. Layout is fine - food choices vary across terminals; in mine, not great choices. Clean & bright. Conveniently located to suburbs around Phoenix. It works -
3	it smells. the is the biggest thing that stood out to me. We were traveling US Airways so we were in checked in at Gate B in Terminal 4. That whole security area smelled like dirty feet or dirty socks. grossThe directory that was stationed in the center of Terminal 4, among the shops & restaurants, was incorrect. We checked in so early that we had time to go to to different gates to eat. We decided to stay at Gate B instead of Gate C because of a restaurant there but once we walked down there it didn't exist. Bummer. It worked out fine since the place we at at (Cowboy Ciao) was really good. Biggest plus was the easy access to FREE wifi. I've been to too many airports that don't have wifi or free wifi and this was a nice change to have it easily accessible.
4	One of the better "large" airports in my opinion.  As a business traveler, there are a lot of appealing design elements of this particular airport.I love how fast I can get from the Jetway to the passenger pick up.  In Denver, it's a 20 minute hike.  At Sky Harbor it's less than 5 minutes.Pretty good dining options here also.  A lot better than LAX which is probably the worst.The United Club in Terminal 2 is nice also.
3	Been to this airport a few times.  The Southwest Terminal is extremely nice.  Quick moving lines and tons tons tons of shops and restaurants.  On the other hand, recently flying out of the United Terminal.....Not so great.  Dated terminal.  Very few restaurants although they did have a decent bakery thus why I am not totally slamming it.  Luggage pick up at both terminals was very quick and getting to baggage claim was not too far.  Overall for a large airport pretty nice.
4	I'm usually not a huge fan of airports because they are usually always a cluster-F...but something about this one makes going here less stressful.  Getting here is kind of goofy, especially if you are returning a rental car, but once you are here it is pretty easy to get in, get through security, and get to your gate.  There's a nice Starbucks before going through security and some cool Arizona touristy-type shops.  Once through security, which is usually painless, there's some fast food restaurants and a nice Mexican restaurant/bar right by the Delta terminals to help make the ride a little more enjoyable.  Not a bad airport!
4	I am frequently in and out of Sky Harbor both as a traveler and for pick up/drop off. I've been flying since I was in the womb and I've been to more airports around the country and world than I've been in shopping malls (true story) so when I say this is the BEST airport I've been in, that should carry some weight.The departure/arrivals area of each terminal is generally very accessible. Thank you, Phoenix, for not implementing annoying security guards to tell me I can't wait at the curb 2 minutes for my arriving guests when i know theyre on their way out like some airports do (Indianapolis International is horrible about this practice). It makes it much easier when I don't have to circle the airport again.The concourses allow for a multitude of people which is great. There's really no way to make an airport terminal not claustrophobic because crowds happen but Sky Harbor does a nice job of keeping the flow. The moving sidewalks are great for long treks and I've never waited longer than 10 mins in security lines even the day before Thanksgiving!!!My only beef is that recently, they've removed more affordable fast food restaurants from the Southwest concourses. I get it: support local restaurants and cafes and be healthier. No seriously, I love me some local Phoenix businesses and I appreciate a good, healthy meal option. But when I have a 5am flight that's about to be a 6 hour hike back to the east coast, I just want a $3 egg biscuit from McDonalds, not a $15 breakfast burrito I could have gotten for $4 at Fili-Bs. But that's really my only complaint because I am a miserly early AM traveler.Keep doing what you're doing, Sky Harbor. You make flying a more enjoyable experience for this frequent traveler and pick-up/drop-off extraordinaire.
3	We travel from here several times a year and also pick up family and friends. This airport is rocking depending on what terminal. If your are flying or picking up someone from terminal 4 hour in luck. Lots of Starbucks, including a giant new one in baggage claim! And lots of new local restaurants and shops and lots of places to people watch!If you are flying out of terminal 3 well you get just one Starbucks, and a few food choices and not much people watching. Traveling from terminal to terminal is a pain because you have to catch a bus. Hopefully when the sky train is done it will be much better. Anyways I give terminal 4 , four stars. Terminal 3, two stars...hence my 3 star overall.
5	Came to Sky Harbor from Detroit Metro Have to say Impressed with How it Turned out got to The Airport Earlier then scheduled Arrival, I have got to check out all the Stores and everything This One restaurant was kinda funny though I walked in with my Bag and A voice over the Intercom was talking about my Carry- On Bag... My Grandparents who Live In Arizona came and picked me up and Lucky for me It was not even 9am In Arizona and I had yet eat Any Breakfast at All. So finally  being able to eat was Great , On my way back To The Airport to head home I was Excited yet wanted to stay, I had A late night flight back To Detroit.Security here though are very strict  on many things more so then At Metro but I just did what I had to do, I'm actually Planning A Return Trip Here soon.
2	This airport is easy to navigate however their gate system for us air SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!  I came in at the end of the concourse at a rotunda at gate B12. I only had to go a few gates over, to gate B17 I was like kewl I won't have to walk far.  NOPE!!!!  I had to walk all the way back up the concourse to gate B1, and take the HUGE walkway to the other concourse where the rest of the B gates are. WHAT A BAD DESIGN
5	Sky Harbor is by far my favorite airport, it's easy to navigate, has free Wi-Fi, and provides free cell phone lots if you're waiting to pick someone up. It's a happy accident that it's also my home town airport!
4	It has been interesting seeing Sky Harbor airport grow over the years.... And there is a new airport train, and a new parking garage still being built.... Which adds to a little of the chaos trying to get around. Particularly on the weekend, when construction is in full swing.Ideally, if you fly out of Terminal 2 or Terminal 3 they are usually less crowded (shorter lines) than Terminal 4.
3	Nice airport with a huge selection of restaurants. Its an airport so how comfortable can it be???
4	It had probably been about 7 years since I'd flown when I booked my flight through Sky Harbor so I was kind of nervous about the whole thing since I didn't feel completely confident about all the crazy rules and regulations people talk about all the time.My flight was at 7:45 on a Monday morning in September and I made sure I got there 2 hours early because I had no clue how busy it would be.  That ended up being way more time than I needed and I pretty much breezed through security.  I would say from getting off the shuttle to getting to my gate it probably took about 15 minutes tops.The layout was easy to figure out and the TSA agents were pleasant.  Not the way I had been picturing them in my mind, running at me with metal detectors and requiring a "random" strip search...I think I watch too many movies.  In all seriousness though my trip to Sky Harbor was stress free and easy and encouraged me to start flying more often!
2	It's an airport, and you don't (ordinarily) spend a lot of time there, so why review? First, on the arrival, our baggage took an INORDINATELY long time to come out. It was just ridiculous. I am accustomed to long waits at DFW (where no one actually works in baggage retrieval). But here it was even worse. There was no organization and throngs of people stood around and then scurried to another carousel as changes were announced. We waited and waited and waited forever. The second gripe is that the TSA seems to be inconsistent with practices followed in every other airport I have used in the rest of the US. That may be the TSA and not the airport's fault, but why here? Overall, my experience was less than favorable.
4	Never had a problem here. I have always been able to clear security within minutes. Surprised at how few food choices there are for an airport of this size.
2	I flew into the Phoenix airport on a Southwest flight. I had a connecting flight in another terminal but it was so frustrating to get to in this weird airport. Don't get me wrong, it's modern and very beautiful. There are gorgeous views of the red rocks and mountains of Phoenix. But all that beauty is overshadowed by the poorly organized airport. All of the information boards only provided flight information for that terminal. Which is great if you're staying in one terminal but when you have a connecting flight or you're switching carriers then it's really frustrating. There should be more information available. Also, there was no way for me to find a way to another terminal. There are no information booths and if there was then it was well hidden from me. I finally asked a TSA security guy if he could help me find my flight. He told me I'd have to take a shuttle to another terminal. I was surprised that in 2012 this airport that seems so modern did not have a train that connected all of the terminals. My surprise quickly turned to anger because if you are switching terminals then you must go through security again! I had purchased jam at the airport and presented my receipt showing that it was a purchase within the airport but it was still confiscated. Dumb.Phoenix, please embrace all parts of modernity and build a freaking tram between terminals.
4	Always enjoyed flying in&out of PHX. It really is how they say "the friendliest airport" being used to Toronto Pearson airport this airport is much smaller with small lines. Not necessarily fast lines, but def shorter than the big lines you experience in Toronto.  Thankfully never had a problem at this airport flying in and out for the 4 years I lived in Arizona.
2	A confusing airport to drive in and out of, but flying in is pretty easy and the baggage claim is all in one spot. I had an easy time getting in as well to check in for my flight, but be prepared to walk from one side to another if you have to switch gates. I like the free wifi and that there are food options if you need a quick bite.
4	It's a nice airport with just a few caveats:No access direct access between terminals behind security so if you're switching terminals, give yourself enough time.What happened to Terminal 1? Seriously! It's not there.If there's ever a fire in the Terminal 4 baggage claim, it's gonna be a roast. The way the barricades are set up hardly seems conducive to evacuating.Oh, and the baggage claim carousels spin the wrong way; I'm a firm believer they should go clockwise.
5	Good location, prices and it's great that this place has a South and North side to it. not too many terminals eitehr so it makes dropping or picking up easy..
5	I travel on a regular basis and have seen the best and the worst airports. I have not exactly seen it all, but enough, and Sky Harbor ranks in the top ten in my book. It is international yet has a small feel to it, meaning it is easy to get around in, and has quick security lines most all of the time in my experience. After reading some of the other reviews, I feel like I need to say that I have never had to connect here, so that is not a part of this review.
3	This airport is very easy to navigate.  We deplaned quickly upon arrival and were at baggage claim within 5-10 minutes.  I saw a lot of restaurants and food places as I was making my way to baggage claim so I thought that PHX had a lot to offer.  I was very wrong to make this assumption and I learned this on the night that I was scheduled to leave PHX.  Departing from PHX is not fun at all - because everything closes at 10:00pm (our flight was scheduled for 10:50pm) so we had absolutely nothing to do that would keep us entertained except for a bar.  Everything looked really dead and depressing at night. I really recommend keeping at least one 24-hour spot open so that guests who are waiting have something to do before they have to hop on their planes.
4	Baggage, security and check-in were a breeze. I flew out at night so crowds were low. When I flew in during the day, it was busy, but not crazy.
3	Not really impressed. Its essentially the same as the 1970s-esque Memphis airport. Its designed goofy, smells like old shoes, but redeems itself with some unique decor.
3	Airports are generally not fun places to go, but serve a purpose.  I have flown in to this airport multiple times, and have always had a good experience.  Clean, well kept.  Not as extensive shopping and dining as some airports, if that matters to you.  Staff have always been friendly, especially when a member of our party needed to be in a wheelchair.  WiFi is free and worked well for us.  Curbside check-in was efficient.  Nice experience, I don't dread returning here like I do with some major airports.
4	If you are active or family of the military check out the new USO suite in Terminal 4. Also, I was most impressed with the ,"Lost and Found" service I received last week. They literally got back to me in less than an hour. Nice job Sky Harbor! I can't wait until the Sky Train opens too.
4	Before I moved to PHX it was lays my favorite airport to move through.Great shopping and food options before passing through TSA.
1	If you fly US Airways be prepared for a huge line. This Airport/Airline combo doesn't learn or care to learn that they are broken. More machines and a couple more people would help make the baggage/ticket process less painful.
2	While riding the moving walkway I wondered why Sky Harbor was built in such a way that it's always a far walk from gate to gate. Maybe there wasn't a lot of land to make longer rows of gates, or they couldn't use a curved or circular system instead of wing after wing after wing of gates.I landed in A Terminal and did the math in my head on board that there were maybe 10 gates between where I landed to where I was leaving from, but it turned out to be in a whole different wing which was probably 10 to 15 minutes away via two moving walkways and a pretty good walk down two corridors of gates.Once you arrive at your gate there are few chairs and fewer outlets to recharge your phone or iPod.  Some of the gates are jammed together so it's hard to tell which gate is which and which flight is departing.  It's the usual set of shops with some newer food choices none of which have so far been outstanding.  Even the club closes relatively early.So I always dread changing planes in Phoenix unless I check all my bags and have a very small carryon and have plenty of time to get from gate to gate and then my flight leaves almost right away.  My vision of hell is being loaded down with bags and trying to change planes in Phoenix with little time to spare and then once getting to the gate discovering my flight has been delayed... something to which anyone who has flown through Sky Harbor can certainly relate!
2	Probably my least favorite major west coast Airport because of its lack of amenities, long waits on the runway, always using US Airways here and I feel like this place has the most planes being shut down with service problems than any other airport around. (I understand heat is an issue)
4	Great little-ish airport. Free wi-fi, a Southwest hub, getting in and out is usually really easy.Never had a problem here, and AZ folks are generally very cool and friendly. A nice change from, say, LAX...
3	It's a typical airport. Nothing special.
4	A much better airport than LAX. First of all FREE WIFI!!! Thank goodness. Secondly you can actually find outlets here to plug your laptop/phone in when they need a charge. Try doing that at LAX (you'll have to fight off hoards of people surrounding the dumb "charging stations" which only have FOUR plugs -__-)Easy layout to navigate, although the food selection here isn't too good. Mainly fast food and quasi-mexican but at least it's something. Overall pretty good!
4	Out of the few airports I've been to around the country, mostly major hubs (NYC, Atlanta, Milwaukee, Chicago, Denver, LA, Houston, Phoenix, etc), Phoenix is good enough for me.  Take the TSA out of any airport and I'd be happy to rate all of them at least one star higher, but regardless, Phoenix is a fairly easy airport to navigate and I don't dread my time spent there.  I'm one of those paranoid travelers that absolutely must be at the airport 2 hours before my flight "just in case," so I always have time to kill when I'm leaving town.  That's where the FREE WIFI comes in, am I right?The shops are boring and overpriced, but for tourists who need last minute souvenirs, they're safe and definitely give off a southwestern vibe.  I appreciate the North/South sides of the terminals, as it seems to help with congestion, and when parking in the exterior lots, the free shuttle buses are consistently regular.  It's also easy to drop off/pick up people with a convenient road that loops around if you missed your passenger.  The cell phone lot is a place to get familiar with, as it's super conveniently located right at the entrance and there's a nice big lit sign that shows all of the planes and their ETAs within a few hours time frame.Also, the proprietors of this airport are currently in the process of adding more local flair to the different terminals (namely the US Airways terminal) and have partnered with a few favorite local restaurants to create a more..."on the go" feel for them without sacrificing quality.  I personally haven't been to any of them yet, but I like the concept of keeping AZ a destination for local love.
5	One of my favorite airports. Free WIFI, friendly staff, charging stations all over the terminals, lots of good dining options.
2	This airport is one of the worst I've ever been to, in terms of layout. The only positive thing is that there are so many entry points into the four (FOUR) different terminals that the wait to get through TSA is decently short.Did I mention that the four terminals are not connected in any way? Means that, if you have a connecting flight with a different airline, be sure you have at least two hours between flights so you can get from terminal to terminal.
4	This review is mostly for Terminal 4. They have gone through a lot of changes here lately. Almost all new restaurants in the Terminal.A lot of really nice ones as well. I spent some time there today and without being rushed or having to be somewhere, I really looked around.I noticed that there is a Plug in station on level 2. Something that has never been there before.This is the level that you check in, check your bags and get your tickets.Also all new TV monitors have been installed. Making it much easier to read the gates arriving and departing. I like it! nice big letters.Quite a few places to eat inside security and out. Also security seems to be running nice and smooth.A few coffee shops as well that just seem to lull you over to sit down and have a drink and relax.I even checked out the Brighton store whilst here. Parking is still very expensive here. I do not know what can be done about that though. They do have a bus system that takes you off property to cheaper parking and it is covered.They do still free WI FI also nice.
4	Very quick security process and effective communication through the loudspeaker (gate changes, etc.). Negatives include the long distances between gates and having to take a shuttle to the rental car area.
4	On my way to Las Vegas my US Air flight 688 stopped at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport Gate A37 located in Terminal 4. The airport has three main terminals: Terminal 2, Terminal 3 and Terminal 4. My connecting flight 6 departed from Gate A3 so I had to walk from one section of Terminal 4 to the other section of Terminal 4. It took about 10 minutes to walk including a moving walkway from Gate A37 to A3.When I arrived to Gate A3 in time the boarding process was delayed due to the late arrival of the crew for my connecting flight to Vegas. What else is new? So many variables regarding flight arrival and departures. This is the norm.PHX is quite nice while I waited for my flight to board.In the end my connecting flight was on time to Las Vegas, which is built into the flight schedules these days.
5	For ASU gear: shop at Team Sports USA - authentic merchandise.
3	Pretty cool decor. Rental car place was an absolute disaster. Wasn't hard to manuver around, get our luggage and get on our way. I don't have a whole lot to say about this place as they didn't offer much specificly. Most services were provided by outside companies, does anyone ever have anything nice to say about airport security? 3 stars seemed about right because it was clean and I didn't feel like I'd catch Hep-C from walking out to my car.
4	Sky Harbor is easily one of the easiest airports to get in and out of.Their terminals have always had decent food, but now theyve added a lot of smaller versions of local valley restaurants which is cool. They also offer free wifi.The main concourse is always clean and easy to move thru. Ive flown out of here several times when it was super busy and everytime the security line as been neat and relatively fast moving. Every airport employee Ive encountered has been nice/cordial and helpful.As far as picking people up/dropping them off: im convinnced that you cant beat this place. There is always open parking in their multiple garages, and its relatively cheap. All their signs to terminals are easy to follow, and each one is set far enough apart that you dont get caught in exiting traffic. There are plenty of taxis readily avaiable just outside of the north entry to baggage claim, and theyre pretty efficient as well.I would say the only drawback is that the rental car building is pretty far, but thats what shuttles are for, right?
4	Thanks YELP users.  We searched rental car agency in Scottsdale before choosing this one. Took the bus over from the terminal, the staff here was fast and friendly, we were in and out in minutes. We haven't rented a car in a very long time, but this was super easy, When driving out of the rental car lot, the oil light came on.  We continued on to our hotel and decided we would check the oil when we got there.  The next day, we called the Enterprise office and told them about the oil light.  The young man checked the records, said it had an oil change two days before.  No worries.  We never did check the oil until we arrived in Flagstaff, 175+ miles since picking it up.  Pulling off the interstate at Flagstaff, the motor began coughing.  We called the Flagstaff office and they brought over another car for us right away.  Were the same kind of friendly easy to work with folks we met in Scottsdale.  We turned the second car in at the airport in Las Vegas.  We didn't have the same car as our paperwork, we had no paperwork for the second car.  We were afraid it would either be super easy or super intense once we turned the car in.  The assistant Manager, Nick, greeted us and thanked us, sent us on our way.  The easiest thing ever!
1	Like most airports this place is congested with not enough seating or restrooms. So that is average.  I give it one star for the Rental Car Center.  It's the worst in the USA and maybe the world.  First off you have to wait in a long line outside in PHX heat, dust and car pollution.  After you catch one of the infrequent buses they drive you some place close to Tucson.  Dropping off is a bit better but you still have a long bus ride to the terminal.  Great way to cut back on traffic though as next time I will get a taxi.  Or maybe just take a taxi to the rental car center....
3	Decent airport. Not much selection in food, but the wi-fi is fast and the terminal is pretty wide which reduces congestion.
4	One of the nicer airports I have been to.  I have not been to that many, but this is very nice.It isn't too big to where you have no clue where you are going, unlike some airports that take you 20 min to walk to the next terminal.  It looks really new and all the shops are clean and seem quite new and tidy. Everything is easy to find and had no problem locating the baggage claim and a ride from the airport.  I will definitely fly into here when I come to Arizona.
4	Free wifi that allowed me to upload photos from my trip fairly quickly to my online picture service provider.  Rental cars are offsite and require a bus trip.  Would love to see more healthy food options, but it could have been worse.  Friendly service from skycap.  Easy to navigate this airport. Upped stars as there is a toddler play area at gate 9. Tire them out so they will nap on the plane. Love it!
4	Really like this airport, they have a wide variety of local restaurants and shops, also inside the terminals. Only reason I won't give 5 stars is because I had to wait 30 minutes for my bag once.
4	Bright, airy and friendly, Phoenix Sky Harbor succeeds at making lots of planes take off and land every day. This was the first time I flew through there. I didn't have to go through security, but the people I overheard chatting commented that security lines always seem shorter there.
4	I fly through Phoenix Sky Harbor several times a year. It's almost as easy to navigate as OAK.Lots of great restaurants and bars. Several Starbucks locations, so that, if you had to drive by the 3,098,475 locations in Phoenix before arriving at the airport, you're not out of options. The distance between terminals and the off-site car rental facility is a bit of a hassle. Shuttles run often enough but allow for an extra 20-min if you have a flight out.
4	So..yes I live in AZ...not my first choice.  I am a Cali girl through and through...but one of the best things about Phoenix (if you're a traveler) is the outstanding PHX airport.  No other airport can hold a candle to the ease, convenience, parking, cleanliness, even aesthetics of this airport.  Hardly any trouble ever going through TSA, parking is always a breeze...terminals have very nice amenities (my one exception is the Jet Blue terminal shops close way too early and so the midnight JFK flight one cannot purchase water, or anything).  And of course PHX is wonderfully located and offers tons of nonstops.  So although Arizona is a nice place to visit (or in my case plan conferences) and living here is a challenge..the ease of PHX is one huge plus.  Do you HEAR ME DFW????? Miami????
4	A very good airport.  I've flown in and out of PHX and picked folks up from the airport.  In all instances customer service was good, parking was easy, and navigating around was a breeze.  Thumbs up, I am a fan.
4	The efficiency with which the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport runs should be a template to other airports that are similarly large in size and traffic. The rental car facility--which is newly built-- isn't too far from the main terminal and there are always shuttles running between the two. The airport is clean and the dining options are above average for an airport, I mean they really have gone a bit above and beyond to make your experience different from the rest. Lots of shops and the flow and directional signage is top-notch.
3	Not the greatest, not the worst. I can't even begin to imagine how many times I fly in/out of this airport every year. (More than I want to). The positive side is there are cell phone lots to wait in if your picking up an arrival instead of being harassed at curb parking or circling the airport wasting gas. Pre-security,  there are some good places to catch a bite to eat and some cute stores to browse. Beware,  after security this minimizes into hardly any restaurants and.the only stores youll find will be the typicall "news stand" ones with stale snacks and over priced.trinkets.  of course, each terminal has their differences but.for the most part they're fairly similar.  On the downside,  its hell trying to hunt down an outlet at the gates to charge your phone/ipads..etc! (And if your purchasing WiFi on your flight, we all know how crucial a juiced battery is). I hate the parking here as well, garage is 25.00 a day, uncovered is 5.00 a day which is in Timbuktu. Id say take a cab or car service to the airport always and don't leave a whole lot of spare time between check-in and departure seeing as this isnt LAX (no nail salons *dissapointment*) & airport has very little to browse.
4	One of the easier airports to access.   Fair selection of food.  Always seems pretty clean.  Easy security access.  Friendly gate agents.  I never mind flying through here.
5	This is a great airport. Easy to navigate and plenty of bars.
4	Phoenix's Sky Harbor International Airport's claim to fame as "America's Friendliest Airport" is something I do concur!Upon my arrival to Phoenix, I was graciously greeted as I entered the gate of the terminal for Southwest Airlines.They have three main Terminals 2, 3, and 4 available (not sure what happened to Terminal 1). But majority of the airlines are located at Terminals 3 and 4. I flew into Terminal 4 and it's pretty much one of the larger terminals compared to the others. In Terminal 4, their major gates are A, B, C and D. Airlines that fly through here: Southwest, Air Canada, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, British Airways, Delta Airlines, Hawaiian Airlines, Frontier Airlines are just to name a few.Walking around like a lost child, I found directions from a cheerful, friendly employee who was able to help me find my way. In addition there were large directory maps to show you where to go if you were lost and also showed departures/arrivals. Using that, I was able to meet up with the parentals in Terminal C.FYI =- Free WiFi- Tax ~9%- Many of the shops/restos are native to Phoenix (LGO, Olive & Ivy, Chelsea's Kitchen, and Barrio Cafe are just to name a few)- Golf cart drivers available to transport you around the PHX airport (from gate to gate)- Paging Assistance Locator (PAL) available to hollah at your lost ones- Car rentals are all located in the same place, you must take a shuttle to get thereOverall, I wouldn't mind flying through PHX! It's really a friendly airport and I didn't have any hassles or frills throughout my travel time here!Yelp 2013 100 for 100 Challenge - Review #37
3	This was my first trip to Phoenix thus, first experience with the airport.  While the parts I saw felt kind of tired and dingy, I did see off in the distance what looked to be a decent shopping area.  I just didn't have the time to go check it out.It was a looonnnngggg walk in between the gate I landed and where I picked up a taxi to Scottsdale (about a $25 ride).  From my experience coming and going, this didn't seem like a very busy airport though it could have just been the times of day.  There was virtually no wait to get through security on the way home.
3	The upside to this airport is that although it is huge, it is organized in a way that getting to your terminal is not too cumbersome. TSA seems to be reasonable here, which is a good thing. My biggest gripe with this airport is that baggage takes FOREVER to get to your carousel, regardless of your carrier.
1	Another poor experience at ole PHX.  New to me is that the car rental facility is not on airport property, it's about a 20 minute bus ride which I think is actually in New Mexico.  So in addition to my previous observations, you can add another hour to your day if you plan to rent a car.For an international airport, they sure act like a small city airport...
4	got to take a walk all over terminal 4 waiting for my plane. and I must say this airport is fun and well done.With the new train they are building this ish is gonna be soooo connected to everything else it's gonna be insane.The airport has good services and lots of places to eat.I wish it had been better connected to other terminals to check out other stores and/or restaurants. They also have free-wifi! awesome awesome.
1	Terminal 3 has got to be the worst terminal at Sky Harbor. Not 1 store was open and it was only 10:30pm. There is only 1 vending machine and it had no water!! We are in the desert right?  The staff was completely rude and not helpful! If I never come back to this airport it will be too soon. Stay away.
2	Most confusing airport ever! I've been to quite a few airports and I've never seen an airport so difficult to navigate, that includes walking around inside and driving on the roads outside.  Just very poor signage.  Airport is nicely updated though...
4	Great airport! Very clean, security lines were not long. And free wifi is always a plus.
5	Friendly, friendly!!     I don't get to travel as much as I would like to at this point in time. However, the times that I have, I've been lucky to fly out from this baby! Phoenix Sky Harbor is truly incredible in delivering great customer service, lovely little shops, and clean grounds. I'm always excited when flying, I love it. But honestly, this airport is by far the friendliest and easiest to maneuver around in, truly awesome!! Oh and Don't forget to visit La Grande Orange, It will be a nice treat before your flight!! :) Chao!! Buen Viaje!! Bon Voyage!!
3	Phoemix Sky Harbor use to be one of my favorite airports but over the years my thoughts of them have dimished.  Since 1998, I've been in and out through Sky Harbor because I use to work in Phoenix.  Back in the day, this airport was one of the better airports around (i.e. free wifi, clean, big, easy, stress-free, etc).  I think this airport could use additional terminals and gates.  Even though this airport looks like Vegas' McCarran, it's nowhere near as stress-free as them. Sky Harbor is known for their layovers and this means a ton of inside traffic.  This airport is so busy that all you hear is people, beep beep from the golf carts, and a ton of intercom messages from flights being delayed, cancelled, etc.  Try taking a nap at Sky Harbor, ain't happening. Try finding somewhere to sit while you wait for your plane, good luck with that. Another issue with the fact that this is an airport that has a ton of layovers is the travel between gates.  Usually layovers are around an hour which seems like plenty of time, but calculate the half hour early boarding time, rest room break, quick snack, and no concourse.  This leaves you rushing to your gate and hating life. I guess that I never noticed these issues in the past because Phoenix was my destination.  There are some pros to this place like free hi-speed wifi, plenty of snack kiosks, and all the phone charging stations.
4	Woah...PHX is soooo much bigger than my hometown SMF! Nothing wrong with that; just different :)Flying in, we deplaned in Terminal C, which one could obviously tell was an old terminal...small, dated looking, hardly anywhere to sit or get something to eat. And of course a marathon walk to the baggage area where we met our ride. Flying out, we boarded in the lovely, remodeled, up-to-date, lots of refreshment options, airy, open, Terminal D. Pretty much night and day between coming in thru a C gate and leaving thru a D gate!
2	Not a horrible place, but certainly not good.I landed in one concourse of the A terminal and flew out of another within the same terminal.  I walked through the first and saw several food options which gave me hope for my options near my departure gate.  Unfortunately after my long walk to the other concourse I found there to be very limited options.  This I cannot understand.  Both concourses had a similar number of gates, yet one was loaded with options and the other completely lacked them.  Of course by the time i walked to my departure gate I did not have time to wander back to the other concourse, so I settled for a lesser option near my gate.Just hope you do not have to change terminals or rent a car.  Either requires a bus trip.  That is a big pet peeve of mine.  At least you do not have to take a train like in Atlanta or Denver.The last issue I will cover in this review is the fact that Southwest and US Airways hold most of the spots at this airport.  That is enough reason not to fly here.
1	You guys are too kind.  MacRae's review was on the mark but conceded one too many stars.This is 1985.  Old, ugly, worn out, and dirty.  Time to replace the carpet and the furniture, y'all.In 1985 no one had laptops, phones, kindles, and notebooks to charge.  In 2013 they do, and "Sky Harbor" hasn't adapted. Does the general manager ever wonder why people are sitting on the floor by the wall outlets.  There was one charging station that I saw, but it didn't work.Did I mention that the waiting areas at the gates weren't large enough for the number of people on the flight?There is free WiFi.  And unlike SD, there is more than one runway.
4	Nice, clean comfortable airport.
4	I haven't been here for years as I usually drive in from Vegas, but I had a quick layover here to visit family.  Came back late at night and Pre-Check was closed, but the line was quick anyway.  And security only had the metal detectors, which is so much quicker.
1	Putrid. Pathetic.  Podunk.Too big not to have some method of transportation of from the jets to the puddle jumpers. I check everything except a computer bag and purse so that's fine but God forbid you fly carry-on and don't have a wheely bag. I was wearing brand new tennis shoes--Saucony--and still it was a long walk after the NY flight landed late. If your destination is Scottsdale and you're coming from LA or SF or SB and don't want to drive, then fine. To transfer through this Third World dump--having been warned--well, you get what you deserve. When I got to SB, I met a Ph.D. in English who went through program after I did but is my age who told me that this was her least favorite airport in America and that the only reason she flew US Air was that it saved her over 300 dollars so she figured she would suck it up. The carpet should have been on that famous Dateline segment about germs as it looks like the 1980s carpet which used to be in the outside ladies' locker room at Santa Barbara Athletic Club which caters to swimmers. (Whoever decided carpet would be a good idea in the swimmers' locker room needs immediately to get out of the interior design or consulting biz, by the way.) There are no words for how bad this place is. It makes Punta Cana, Dominican Republic look like the Maui Four Seasons. The food sucks. The US gate people suck and they don't speak Spanish and I had to help this wonderful, older Mexican couple get on the plane to SB after they'd missed the connection to Santa Maria and NO US Air gate attendants (NOT flight attendants who might be from anywhere) could speak the language a huge percentage of Phoenix residents do. I am merely repeating the sentiments of Charles S: "Old, ugly, worn out and dirty. Time to replace the carpet and the furniture, y'all."
1	Beware! If you are flying on a Sunday make sure to get to this airport two hours early. I made the mistake of showing up an hour before my flight and I missed my flight back to Sacramento due to the long lines and the amount of people in the airport. It was a nightmare and I had to spend all day in airports due to this. Be prepared for a long wait!
1	Can I give no stars? This airport needs to be torn down and rebuilt. It feels like it was designed by some kids on a beach somewhere. It's poorly marked, nothing was open, it was spring break for some but all the vending machines were about empty. Driving into Phoenix would be much better.
4	Es'cuse me Phoenix airport...I must thank you for having less expensive food options compared to Dallas Love Field. Dallas wanted to charge me $4.75 for a regular sized Gatorade- I'll wait. You Phoenix only charged me $2 for the same drink. You also have 24 hour restaurants!! My tummy thanks you!
4	The C terminal for Southwest is so boring! They only have one tiny little bookstore that sells a couple books. Everything about this airport is super convenient though. It's not like other airports where C-5 means 30 terminals down. Everything is bunched together but good luck finding yourself to be entertained with. Good thing there is plenty of accessible power outlets and free Wi-Fi. They have stools and little tables that get you in close contact with others but the use of their resources make up for the cramped space.
4	This is one of my favorite airports.....easy to get around, great places to eat and the best part is the fact that I never have delay issues here.
3	This is a decent airport, but the skytrain can take a while between some of the terminals. They are revamping some of the spaces and modernizing it. Some of the terminals here are excellent and modern, while others are very old and dingy. I've had a wide range of experiences here. If you seek it out there is some good dining, but there is a lot of junk too. I highly recommend papsitos for mexican.
3	Flew in and out of PHX for our recent spring training trip. Totally average. Security lines weren't out of the ordinary, gates were pretty easy to locate, amenities are okay... Past the security gate there aren't too many options food and drinks wise, but before the security gate the food court looks pretty good. Free wifi is always a plus too.Overall, A-OK.
3	I think your experience with this airport will depend on which terminal you are in. I was going to fly out with Delta and there were very few things in this terminal: 1 bar, a Mexican restaurant, Wendys and Burger king. This terminal was like a ghost-town though, which made getting through security a breeze.Then, I had a delay and was switched to a US flight. So, I hopped a bus to take me to the US/United terminal. This was much much busier. The security line took quite a long time. There were many restaurants, bars and little markets throughout the terminal. Overall, I would say that the airport is fairly clean and well-kept.
4	Clean easy to navigate airport. Even the bathrooms are spotless. Lots of of eateries and shops to wonder through while waiting for flights. I enjoyed all the local history cases throughout the airport and the WW1 Spad in Terminal 3 is very cool!!
1	TSA at Phoenix Airport (actually at most airports)Leaving Phoenix is hard enough, but when the lines to check your baggage seem endless and confusing - you just want to turn around and go back to the resort. From what I saw of this airport, it's typical - nothing really to write home about. Basic food and drinks - basic gifts and such, but then - you hit this incredible line. This time it was on the Southwest side!Luckily there was someone who knew the routine and guided me to the correct long line. Once to the kiosk, a quick scan of my boarding pass had things moving right along. However, the movement was slow once my bags were tagged, because they couldn't put them on the belt - I needed to take them to a holding area - 6 bags checked - 2 arrived in Buffalo.I have been told it was TSA's security conveyor belts that caused the problem - instead of 4 running they were down to 1. I'm not sure who's issue it was, but it became mine as soon as my bags on a nonstop flight didn't arrive at my destination with me.TSA stands for Transportation Security Administration, but I like to refer to it as Terrible Service A-holes! I'm not sure how one is selected to work for the TSA, but I don't think it takes much - at least not for some of the positions. Depending on what gate you are departing from - here are some tips:1) Starbucks is right after security - get it there2) Food - eat before you pass security as selections are slim after that3) Don't check your bags if you want them at your final destination with you4) Don't expect much from TSA5) Don't argue with anyone in the airport6) Drive whenever possibleI really believe that the best picture for this airport would be a lot of TSA folks standing around doing nothing with huge lines behind them!
2	Unimpressed.  This airport is carpeted which simply grosses me out.  In addition, there are not that many food options passed security.  I know we won't starve but there is nothing healthy and at 8 AM, very limited options for something more savory than breakfast.The airport is also confusing.  There is no efficient way to navigate between major terminals.  To rent a car, you have to board a shuttle and ride for 20 minutes. It's obnoxious.  The USAir check in was also a cluster with three different sections offering three different services which made it MORE confusing than it needed to be to simply check in with luggage.  Annoying.My patience is never on point at an airport but in this case, they need to take some notes from IND.On the upside, Wi-Fi is free (which is rare).
5	Terminals seem to be metasticising here.  One lovely link after another.  The newspaper during my visit proudly announced that a Sky Train would soon start service from downtown Phoenix to the airport. Cool.  I watched a television monitor in one of the gate areas as it scrolled local news.  Egad.  Because of Spring, "Rattlesnakes coming out of hibernation.  Snake bite numbers increasing."  I wasn't so eager to rush down to baggage.  But when I did,  retrieval was speedy.  The American flights brought me into a concourse that offered a steep escalator to baggage.  The surrounding walls in that escalator passage were sandstone with striations like the desert outside.  Suspended above the moving stairs was a vintage prop plane.  Its cables came from a divine Crafstman, stylized skylight - assumedly referencing Frank Lloyd Wright's Taliesin that is one of Phoenix's attractions.As for those snakes.  Never saw any.  No snakes on the plane.  No snakes in the airport.  I later asked a local who drove a shuttle about that scrolling news.  He just laughed and told me that it wasn't like the snakes were waking up and coming after people.  Fine.  I settled back and enjoyed the rare sajuaro cactii in the airport's xeriscaping, still glad it was all outside in the heat while I was inside a sealed car.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would but I cant. Yelp should change this feature. Worst customer service experience Ive ever had. Needed to catch a flight for a funeral. I show and the line is long which is understandable. After a half hour I go to enter my info and it says that its to late to check bags. Okay no problem. The lady says can you go talk to the agent. Sure When I get there 2 people are in line. Over the next hour I cant believe what takes place. They are talking to the 2 people ahead of me about world events etc. There is a time and place for that shit and its not at the airport. When I finally get up there they tell me that I will miss my flight. Im glad they pointed out he obvious and I say it wouldn't have happened if you didn't take an hour helping the other 2 people. Worst service ever I will plan on driving in the future.
4	Free Wi-Fi = win! Not super high tech. Would benefit from a rail system to transfer terminals but the buses work well enough. Decent priced parking at Terminal 2 economy ($11/day). Tricky to figure out where to escape your first couple of times with the alternating north and south entrances/exits but now I have to down to a system.  Some cute local food vendors. No complaints.
3	This airport is the size of downtown.And I like the sports bar in Terminal C.That is all.
3	this airport is okay, not that big of a fan since if I'm here, it generally means I had to fly US Airways
3	Ok as airports go.
5	Giving an airport 5 stars?  I'm not sure why, but they do deserve it.  I made it from the taxi to my gate in less than 30 minutes which includes a long walk.  Even TSA seemed to have its act in order.  Very friendly and efficient.  Lots of food and shopping attractions in the main area, not so much at the gate area but it looks like thats being addressed.
5	I love this airport. Maybe its because i am from AZ. maybe it's because i live in Denver with the crappiest airport. MAYBE...it's because of Jimmy Eat World's "Goodbye Sky Harbor". I haven't been back here in 7 months, but so nice that the sky train to the light rail is up and running. I also love the mini versions of local restaurants. Can't wait for Lola Coffee to open!
5	Free wifi, quick check in and security, and a huge choice of food once you're in your gate.  Doesn't get much better than that.
4	sfo bound!
3	Airport is pretty big.  It's really spread out. I was surprised by the lack of food choices here. Seemed like it's kinda trashy as well but they could be remodeling. Really average airport.
3	A busy, noisy crowded airport - but for some odd reason I like it...Changing terminals is a really big pain and if you fly one of the airlines without a big presence here you have very little food and comfort options.Delta shut down their Sky Club (boo - hiss) but overall this is an efficient airport.
2	I land in Terminal C and have to get to Terminal D.Shouldn't be too hard...3 MILES LATER I FINALLY ARRIVE.Why are the terminals so flipping far apart?! I have a 50 minute layover and I spent nearly 20 min dashing to my gate!Boo.
5	Love this airport!  Quick and easy!
1	Stupid bitches made me miss my damn flight and I had to wait 3 hours for the next. Here's what happened.1) Take a flight out of Chicago and get to Phoenix at 7am, next flight leaves at 7:30 so the gate closes at 7:20 and people on the plane act like grabbing your shit and getting off is rocket science, so I have to wait 10 minutes2) Proceed to change gate TWICE within' that 20 minute window, and make sure they're on the opposite sides of the airport3) Get to gate as they're closing the gate.4) Bitchy US Airways attendant told me she couldn't let me on cause she gave my seat to someone on standby and told me she made last call for boarding, so I told her my plane didn't land until 7 in which she replied "oh"5) Same Bitchy ass US Airways broad working the front desk telling me I'm on an awards ticket so for the next flight so she has to see if I'm even "eligible" to get on it. Prints my new ticket and tells me it's in 3 hours.6) Change the gate on my NEW ticket AGAIN...TWICE! (I learned my lesson previously so good thing I checked in)7) Ate a nasty ass salad for $8.99 and a $3 water, and waited for 3 hours.8) Got on next flight and left.Fuck you, Phoenix International piece of shit. Never again.
2	My recent experience at Phoenix wasn't the greatest.  I was connecting there and, as usual, we were behind schedule and they decided my connecting flight would be in another terminal WAY WAY WAY at the other end of the airport.  Gotta love these connecting itineraries.  Anyways, we were rushing and the one impression this airport left on me was that their moving walkways are way too small.The moving walkways are literally the width of 1.5 people without luggage.  Add luggage and there is no utility to the "stand right, walk left" display they always hang overhead.  People chose to stand on the walkway, talking on their cellphones while their luggage is taking up the whole space.  Obviously, running while on a moving walkway is a much faster way to make your connecting flight, but not if you are caught behind someone chatting up a storm on their "cool" bluetooth headset, not listening to you huffing and puffing right behind them.  Luckily, we made our flight, and I have yet to check out the restaurants and shops here, but my impression so far is this is the last place I want to connect.  Unless I have a 4 hour layover and have ample time to walk a mile or two, while talking and looking cool and ignoring others.  This would be the perfect airport to do that.
4	Its a great airport to have a layover in. Lots of good resturants and easy to navigate
3	Just passing through, but a decent airport with a few places to sit down and plug in.  Not the best, but nothing to complain about either.
3	Airport rating.  Does it matter?  Are you gonna drive a few hundred miles just because you read a bad review? HECK YES!However, This is NOT a bad review.  Please go to this airport and fly somewhere else.  It's not like your going to be here long anyway.What sucks:- The far away rental car place.  But if your a Phoenix local - a moot point.- Terminal 3.  Pretty dated and plane (sic).- Standing in the ELITE security line and non-ELITE picked before you.-  It seems they really want you to take out your liquids.What doesn't suck:- Flying away from this airport
3	Pretty standard stuff. I've transferred flights here a bazillion times, and walked through it like, once.
4	This really is America's Friendliest Airport! Always great service everywhere you turn here and very user friendly. I love it here and maybe I'm a bit biased now that I live here but I lived in Las Vegas for 24 years and I really don't care for that airport so maybe not biased?! Even before I lived here in Phoenix I always appreciated it here because once you're past the security checkpoint, EVERYTHING is connected. People complain about the long walkways but really I'd rather have a long, air conditioned connector with a moving walkway then have to leave security and comeback through just to have a shorter walk! I've never had to connect flights at this airport but I know how much of a pain that can be if you have to leave a secure area to get to another set of gates. The roads in and out of the terminals are great and simple to understand with a cell phone lot on each end which I think is a big deal, makes things simpler. They also just finished the PHX Sky Train (see review) from Metro rail and parking so getting in and out of the airport core is now even simpler. Also has a future extension being built to T3 right now so just in case you do need to switch terminals, this will greatly simplify things for you as well. It really seems like in general they are always trying to improve Sky Harbor and that's what I love about it most. My biggest complaint is that things were becoming run down and old but even that they are changing quickly by remodeling restrooms, laying new carpet, replacing all old signs with new, easier to read, streamlined blue and silver signs. Myself I know that I can't wait for friends and family to fly in or me fly out just so I can use this great airport we have here. With all the new improvements there is little not to love here, especially once the Sky Train is complete and serves T3 and the Rental Car Center, all bus shuttles will be eliminated and T2 will eventually be closed and things will be simple, cool, and efficient at Sky Harbor. Until then they are always working to reach that pinnacle of big city airport perfection, and it really shows.
5	How can you say anything bad about this airport?  This is the America's Friendliest Airport and it offers Wi-Fi for FREE, let me say again ... FREE WI-FI.  Have a safe travels everyone!
5	One of the easiest Airports to navigate.  Clean and organized.   Security is usually efficient.
1	The car rental center is a joke!  Give yourself TONS of time.  Talk about a waste of fuel and added pollution
2	I don't like this airport very much in particular the US Airways terminals. They need updating, more power outlets, renovated bathrooms, etc. Terminal B is just horrendous.I only gave them the two stars because of the Southwest terminals which are great or else it would only been the single star! If you travel through here try to avoid the US airways terminals if you can.
4	I was really upset with US airways for flight delays and then refusing me entry to my flight 5 mins before departure. I was upset. The US airways customer service got me on the next flight quickly but could not offer me any other compensation. However the Phoenix airport itself was charming in an old way and had a decent selection of food choices. I tried modern burger and that was good. Some wait but worth it. And the few places beside it looked great too!The best thing here!! Free wifi, unlimited! Very helpful for the girl who got stranded. Also while I was rushing for my flight along with many other customers, a very kind employee who was driving those airport carts grabbed us on and got us to our gates in 5 minutes! Though that was not enough.... Btw, the carts are free and you're free to provide tips to show your gratitude. Lastly, know that the Phoenix airport is HuGEEEEEE. There are walking escalators but you need probably 15 to 20 minutes to get to the ends of the airport.
3	This is a very decent airport with a good variety of shopping and eating. In terms of drop-off and pick-up, this is definitely one of the easier airports to navigate.
3	As far as airports go, they are big and confusing, lots going on and these big flying things coming in and leaving all the time.  There are lots of people and it can be hard to figure things outs.  Thankfully Sky Harbor is well light, has lots of signage and seems fairly well organized.  We got through everything quickly and without any hassles.  Had enough time to grab a bit to eat and relax before our daughter boarded her flight.  Thankfully there were no long delays and everything went off without any problems.
2	To me, this airport is way more complicated than it needs to be. Security sucks, they have it set up horribly with everyone shoved in a corner and the people are mean. I'm not a dumb traveller, i follow the rules and have everything opened and placed quickly so that I can go through security as fast as possible. They still, however, insist that I go through the full body scanner ("the violator"), and have even criticized my clothing choice (the zippers on the ankles of my skinny jeans should not cause alarm, seriously). The way that the terminals are separated, with specific restaurants in different areas, makes it so you have to walk forever through a maze of people, employees etc. It's just ridiculous. The have advertisements of being "America's friendliest airport"... but compared to Portland, that's a bad joke. I'd much rather fly to Tucson, at least they have more space and the people are nicer.
1	I hate this airport, friendliest my ASS! From security to gate agents to bus drivers to parking cashiers, this is one of the LEAST friendly airports I have ever subjected myself to. I've lived in many cities and currently have to endure the complete crap this airport is in every imaginable way. I'm so frustrated with it I will consider driving to LAX just to avoid using this shit hole. Yup, sitting here now after getting effed by United on a code share with Lufthansa. Umm, Lufthansa... why do you code share with this abomination of an airline? Maybe driving to Tucson is an option because I am not coming back to this place. PHX? BOO!
4	Crazy busy airport with long wait times at security. Plan ahead! That said however, this is a pretty decent airport. There are plenty of food options with both local and national chains, there are cute stores to buy Southwest themed treats, toys and take-homes, and the walkways (once you're through security) are pretty wide. I also found the bathrooms to be tidy as well as the carpets in the gate areas. I know that's odd to mention but dirty carpets really gross me out and this airport seems to be nicer than many I've been to recently. Go PHX!
3	Nice selection of restaurants and easy enough to navigate. Big clean restrooms, but would it kill them to crank up the air conditioner to cool it down?
2	Horribly designed airport.  I have never been to an airport where I have to pass through security again when making connections to another airline (except international destinations).  Can any of your readers give another airport that requires this?  Dark, dirty, crowded concourses.  I try to go through Denver instead, but not always possible.  I fly 35-40 times/year.  Not a friendly airport, regardless what the signs promote.
1	I hate this foresaken place. To go from one terminal to the other you have to walk for two days and get blisters on the palms of your feet!!! It has the worst set up, no trams what so ever, the waiting areas are tiny tiny tiny; there is no where to sit, you see tons of people sitting on the floor. Not a lot of places to eat either and the restaurants all serve their beer in plastic cups, how classy is that for a $10 beer? I can't rate check in or security check thru's because I only experienced a connecting flight but my experience was a 0 star, nightmare!
5	Better than most airports, I think.  Usually lines run pretty smoothly and the stores to shop at are places I usually like to peruse.
3	Decent airport with recently upgraded food options.  Concourses can get quite crowded during peak times and rental car shuttle can be a pain.
2	Average airport. The layout of the place is pretty odd. Its spread out pretty far and wide (lots of walking). On-site rentals would be nice, but not here. Taking a shuttle to the 3 different terminals is a bit of pain as well, especially when your airline is different then what is printed on your ticket.
3	Like:  They have stores which sell southwest tchockes like tequila lollipops embedded with teeny worms, made in China dream catchers, and lots of turquoise. Fun browsing before a flight.Very close to the city.  If you have a car you can be downtown in minutes.Although nothing to do with the airport itself, I love flying into Phoenix from the north:  You will most likely fly over Las Vegas, the Grand Canyon and Sedona and the view can be astonishing.Don't Like:Lot's of old folks moving VERY slowly through securitySouthwest terminal can get insanely crowded (although they have re-built one of the concourses recently and it's heaps better).Expect turbulent landings here in the summer months.Lastly, when I was here in January the Southwest baggage handlers sent my luggage to the wrong airport.
2	Most of this airport seems really nice. The security wasn't bad, but it was late afternoon, so I think we caught a good time.I, however, got stuck in the Delta terminal, and it was the worst airport experience of my life. First of all, there was a Starbucks that closed at six pm, y'all. SIX. There was this little burrito place that my friend and I decided to eat at because our only other options were Wendy's or a gift/convenience shop. That food was just.. no. It was not the worst I've ever had, but I wish I'd have gotten Wendy's. We were told it was the oldest wing of the airport.The lady in the gift shop was really nice and told us our options, which was to go back out and then come back through security, or pick one of the two whole options inside. It was tiny, old, and definitely not built for the 21st century.
4	This is truly one of the nicer airports. The staff are friendly & helpful. Even tho they took my shampoo, I wasn't made to feel like a criminal for having shampoo.  Going & coming was a good experience.
2	I've never been a fan of Phoenix's Sky Harbor. Seems liek I always have to switch concourses or at least the wing of the concourse and my flights usually get delayed.Not sure what the reasons are, but it makes me want to take measures to avoid this airport and I fly ALOT!
3	I had the pleasure (insert sarcasm here) of visiting this airport the other day, as I had a flight back to Sacramento. The line to go through security was extremely long. There was a lady at the front shouting that all liquids needed to be removed from purses. The poor lady in front of me had to remove 6 baby bottles filled with milk from her purse and set them down. Really? If I have it in my purse, why do I need to remove it? Isn't that what the X-ray thingie is for? At the Sacramento International Airport, they don't waste time on that mumbo jumbo. In addition, after passing security and clearing that successfully, I tried walking through to get my stuff, only for the lady to say,"Ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, where are you going?" and she ushered me to the full body scan, which I didn't know about it since I don't travel too often and I didn't have to go through one in the Sac airport on the way to AZ. The staff needs to understand not everyone is going to be familiar with how they do things -- every airport is different. They have a good variety of gift shops and lots of Starbucks stores. There are a lack of outlets, which is a major negative. My phone was near its death and I had nowhere to plug my charger into.Overall, OK airport but the people working there could lighten up a little to make traveling a more pleasant experience.
3	Depending on what terminal you're using, a trip through Sky Harbor will vary wildly.  Terminal 4 is expansive and modern, with plenty of amenities and a reasonable walking route to stretch your legs if your layover allows.  But security lineups can be frustratingly long at times.On the other side of the coin, Terminal 2 is small and offers barely enough in the way of services to satisfy any longer visit than maybe an hour.  Heaven forbid if you're stuck there with kids for an extended period. But security is usually a breeze.It's centrally located to pretty much everything in the greater Phoenix area and is easily accessible from all main freeways.  There are a few goofy lane transitions if you need to circle the airport drive, but otherwise it's a fairly straightforward in and out for most terminals.  Plus, there's a train to quickly shuttle you between terminals (for if you need to get out of Terminal 2 and over to 4 for some decent food options).The large, relatively new rental car facility is a quick bus ride from the terminal and is even easier to access, allowing you to avoid navigating the airport altogether.All things considered, it's a pretty serviceable facility for one of the larger metro areas in the country, but I'm glad I no longer need to fly through as frequently as I used to.
1	Beware there is little to no food on the US Airways concourse A!!! I have been flying all day an finally had a layover. I was so excited to get something to eat and sit down at a restaurant.... I got off the plane and started walking to find only two sandwich grab and go places on the terminal! I was sooo upset. There are plenty of signs stating that food and restaurants are coming soon, but that didn't help me tonight!
5	So I'm leaving on a jet planeeeeee..Don't know when I'll be back againnn....Well I always get so excited everytime I go here. Its just the whole feeling of going on a trip or just picking up business clients or family or friends from the airport. As much traffic it was during the day, I still get that happy feelings everytime I drive here..
4	Ok... There's few things in life that make me giddy as a diabetic in a sugar free candy factory and Skyharbor totally catches two of them and holds them captive. I'm talking death grip captive. Be still my beating heart this airport actually has LIGHTNING FAST FREE WIFI and and and and and.. IT'S ORGANIZED!!!! Love the art work. Love the shops. Love the transportation features, especially the lightrail... Amazing little feature that's being built even further for further efficiency!Parking is pretty pricey unless you want to leave your car in the scorching desert heat, but other than that and how crazy busy it is and the obscene lack of charging stations and power ports? Love this airport.
1	Once i stepped off the plane it smelled like puke.  WTF?
4	As a native, I really never appreciated how friendly "America's Friendliest Airport" was. And then I flew to Kentucky. (Southern Hospitality my ass.) And Chicago. Let's just say I returned home with an entirely new appreciation of our TSA screeners, our free WiFi, our airport employees, our gate agents, our shuttle drivers, our variety of food, and about a million other things.Also: CHOO CHOO! SKYTRAIN EXPRESS, MOTHERLOVERS! The SkyTrain is powered by black, time-defying magic, and I can only hope they keep it as amazingly efficient when it gets extended to Terminals 2 and 3. Drop my bags off and materialize at the security checkpoint two minutes later? Hell. Yes. The only missing link in the SkyTrain is the ability to have your bags meet you at the parking garage when you return to Phoenix, but I understand that would be a logistical nightmare.Terminal 4 is clearly the crown jewel, but they've done a decent job upgrading 2 and 3 over the years.
5	I goddamn love sky harbor. Serious, were it possible to have intercourse with an airport, I would be humping the Barry Goldwater Terminal like a rabbit on adderall. I've never waited in line for more than 10 minutes...FOR ANYTHING! And I've flown in and out of here at least 30 times. TSA folks are chipper at their best and nonchalant at their worst. Can't ask for much  more than that. The food choices aren't as good as some other places (Denver or Salt Lake City, for example) but oh well. I'm here to fly, not buy.
4	Again  friendly tsa agents! Could this be possible that they are now all being nice. Wow . Le grand e orange is now open inside gateDNice fresh food.
4	I fly in and out of Phoenix once or twice a month.  I will agree that the employees at this "America's Friendliest Airport" is close.  They have very knowledgable and pleasant people available to answer any of your questions.  The airport is bright and cheery.  A couple places offer some fantastic gelato . . . if only they could keep their chocolate in stock!  Note to airport: since you keep running out, maybe you should anticipate and prepare more so you can sell more!  Just a thought.The only reason why I do not give 5 starts is the TSA.  I understand they are not employees of the airport but they do represent the airport and they are as snarky and rude as they come.  Smile every now and then, it will make your day when you get a smile back.
5	It's not often that you see a pretty airport but the Phoenix airport has some cook features. Getting to the rental car building was a breeze. I walked outside in the 115 degree heat and got onto a bus that quickly took us to the site.
5	So I really wanted to visit my friend in California, but I was tired of walking and driving. My friend told me about something called airplanes, and told me to find that at an "airport."The nice people at the ticket counter even checked in my 49.5 pound bag, and some friendly people ran a security checkpoint to make sure I left my weapons at home. Security must be very popular because there's always a line whenever I go.The trip between states was definitely faster than anything I had ever walked. 10/10 would use again.
4	Planes come in. Planes go out.They have food.It is the gateway to adventures.Buy some gum.Food is a little overpriced but you pay for convenience.Security wants to shake your hand.Have fun.
4	Airports are airports. Facility was nice with easy to access information. Restaurants and food stops- average price. Airports are always more expensive.
5	THANK YOU for being such a dog-friendly airport! We had a layover here both ways on our trip to New Jersey. My Jack Russell was VERY happy to get out and stretch his legs for awhile between flights. "The Bone Yard" was very clean, and had water bowls and faucets with cold water. They even had free poop bags, but I always carry some just in case. The security line was very short, and the TSA agents were very helpful (can you believe it?!) They were giving my dog a lot of love.There are a lot of name-brand stores and restaurants before you go through security, but in the terminals there are a mix of fast food (Nathan's, etc.) And cafe type places. I ordered a very yummy salad from the cafe in terminal D, it was very good and the cashier was very friendly, we had a nice little chat.
3	Decent airport but so far to get from terminal to terminal. Unending automatic walkways to get to terminal A. Looks like they're finally building a shuttle but won't be available for a couple more years. Airport is clean, but needs more electric outlets by the chairs at the gate.
4	Why does everyone rate this airport so low? I don't think it's fair to judge typical airport issues for one particular airport. That's traveling. Get there early and be patient! I love that this airport keeps improving. With the addition of many local Phoenix culinary favorites and free wifi, I'd never be bored or unhappy here! Also I rode the shiny new Sky Train the other day and it was cool. I know other airports have this too, no big deal, but I have watched it being built and it's nice to see all of their hard work finally completed. Restaurants to try: Chelsea's Kitchen, Barrio Cafe, La Grande Orange, Cowboy Ciao and Olive & Ivy if you want to experience a little Phoenix flavor without leaving the airport. Another thing I love about this place is the art on display throughout the facility. Beautiful!
2	What a cluster this airport is! It is dark and drab and the people who work here are not very friendly (unlike they claim to be). My boyfriend and I recently had a layover here. When we arrived, we were informed that our flight would have am hour and a half delay. We were ok with this as it gave us time to get a bite to eat. 20 min before our flight was supposed to leave, they made an announcment that our gate was changed TO THE OPPOSITE SIDE OF THE AIRPORT! As we speed walked our way with the rest of the passengers on our 100% full flight, we realized that they changed two more flights to the section we were going to. Once we arrived, they announced that a flight was changed BACK to the original gate. The announcement was so unclear that many people on our flight started heading back when the airport personel finally clarified that it was one of the other flights that changed back.These people need to get it together.
3	Not my favorite airport, but definitely not the worst. TSA Sent me to the wrong place to get a SuperShuttle outside, which sucked in the heat carrying my luggage, but otherwise I had a pleasant experience. The security line was lonnnnng on a Thursday afternoon, but the TSA Agents were actually friendly. Note to all: You can opt OUT of that body scanner, its not required. Just as ai was about to request to opt out, a new x-ray machine line was opened and their scanner was broken sooooo I got to walk right through. Aces!I like the tables located at my gate with the charging stations, made getting some juice for my iPhone a lot easier.
3	It looks like a nice enough airport compared to others I've been in.  The shuttle to the rental car area works well, despite the rental cars being offsite the way they are.  Coming in I had no complaints.  Leaving town, I was let down that I had to go to the A gates, and there was nothing good available for food.  I got the renovated area unfortunately.  I was stuck with a kiosk serving overpriced sandwiches.  Eh, that's just life I suppose.
3	Ok airport. My flight was on time this time
2	Wish I could have avoided this airport not going to lie...  doing the 3 total hours I was here I heard over 5 different delays on arrivals and departures.  the pictures help out ALLOT....  it sums it up long hall ways with nothing to look at in them halls either...  it takes about 10-20 minutes to walk from 1 end to the other and during that walk, i'd like to at least listen to some music or something but they had nothing...Maybe its because I'm so use to Denver International Airport "DIA" but this airport doesn't even compare.Just Saying
5	Way nicer than my LAX airport.
2	Dave goes to New Mexico part 1.Well, I already reviewed my home airport - John Wayne, so I will say that I started my long travel day there after the quick drive from home. John Wayne was, as always, clean and pretty efficient.My plane landed at Phoenix Sky Harbor at about 10:00.  I was meeting my boss who was coming in from Ontario.  We were heading to New Mexico.  We had about 90 minutes to kill in Phoenix.The restaurants are pretty slim pickings inside security at Phoenix.  My boss needed a pair of sunglasses since she forgot hers.  There was no place to buy sunglasses inside security.  Neither of us wanted to leave the secure area because of the lines to get back to the gates.  We just decided to try to find some seats and wait out or layover.Not my favorite airport experience.
3	I will give it that it's a friendly airport, but it feels very dated in areas.I'm not a fan of the set-up that much either.  Now, in fairness I'm used to the Tucson Airport, but it just isn't very intuitive once you get inside.Also, the concourses that I've been on have been lacking in quality food choices.
1	Worst airport ever. I understand and am totally ok with being searched by another female as long as its a search that every women gets regardless of race. They are afraid to offend certain races. I wore a long dress and was searched but they certainly didn't search the woman wearing a head wrap and a long dress. They're employees were rude and bc our flight was a late one there wasn't any food inside the terminal. Don't fly in or out of here if you can avoid it,
3	So this review is for the airport alone.  It seems that they are always crowded, and they don't make my airline put the connections next to each other, but they are relatively clean.  Overall I like the airport, but I'm one who likes to eat at restaurants, and the restaurant selection is limited to me.
3	I had two very different experinces in Phoenix's airport.  On the way into the airport, I had a good experience.  The workers were very friendly, and they pointed me in the right direction to the airport shuttle.However, on the way back I was stuck babysitting other people I went to school with.  One girl didn't have ID (How you can be 20 years old with no ID is beyond me.), and we got stuck at the aiport at 3 AM to get her through security.  I was not amused, but the aiport security was just unpleasant.  She had the needed documents, and they proceeded to take ten years to get everything done.  Ughhhhh.  As if that wasn't bad enough, there was nothing that was open in the terminal until 6 AM (when the flight left).  No coffee.  Grrrrr.Free wifi.
4	Great airport, if I could stay all day and avoid the sweltering heat..... I would. On my top ten US airports list.
2	BLUH. Just...bluh. I had a layover in Phoenix when I was in the process of moving to ABQ and the airport was...gross. I really don't know how to describe it other than crusty and needing a massive scrub down. Then when it came to the overhead announcements, you couldn't understand what the staff were saying because the intercom kept going out and you'd catch particles of their message. That was pretty annoying since I had to SPRINT across the airport to reach my connecting flight and it wasn't displayed on the screens for some random reason. I'm just hoping I don't have to use them again any time soon as a connection point to visit family back in California!
1	One of the worst airports ever, I have not been treated like this at LAX or ONT even in Sydney's airport they asked me not to remove my shoes cuz they are Converse the high top, I mean what could u possibly hide in you converse, not even a pack of gum, but in Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport the story is different, my bag had to go in twice, even though there is nothing there but bunch of underwear and an iPad .. and after that they had to swab it   and search it, and the lady was so rude saying, OMG underwear in carryon, and I kept quiet .. and went through the metal detector, and beeped OK but they had to pat me down and search my pockets, and the sad part they let some people walk through with out going through the metal detector and they were really on a very bad behavior talking about drugs and street fight while waiting on the line, All that based on the color of the passengers skin.So when they were done searching, swabing and talking to each other, they left my bad open and the told me to take it of somewhere else to put it back cuz "I'm holding up the line"..Zero star for the worst shit hole everif u wanna be all good about security then you should do that with all the passengers not according to their skin color. FUCK U Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport  I will never fly thru u again and none of my friends will..
3	The Phoenix airport is a good example of a large small airport.  It has pretty good flights and seems to be fairly updated.  Food options are good too.
2	Very confusing... North South 1,2,3 or 4 and where do I pick up the rent a car shttle.  I do like the close car waiting areas but pay attention or you'll be looping around alot.
5	Phoenix Sky Harbor is really easy to get around, traffic isn't difficult to work with and with continuing updates Sky Harbor is on its way to being a world class airport.... also free wifi
1	Worst airport ever!!! Flight deck staff are so rude! Staff at the airport as well. So rude!!!  I live inflows Angeles and have never been treated so badly in my life!!!
4	I love Sky Harbor. Whether I am traveling or just there for a pick up or drop off, it is the easiest airport to get around. Good signage and not too jam packed. I think I have used all terminals at one time or another and have never had an issue.
4	I haven't flown in 5 or 6 years and wasn't really looking forward to experiencing the "joy" that is an airport. I've always heard you have to be at the airport two hours in advance and with our flight being at 6:30am that means being there are 4:30am. Luckily, the traffic at this hour was minimal and getting in was a breeze. Additionally, the airport seemed pretty dead. Not too many other flyers going at this hour on a Friday morning. We were able to go through the full body scanners relatively quickly and then wait around for our plane. (We headed on over to La Grand Orange - see review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/la-grande-orange-phoenix#hrid:9E12RVBuQNPZY0ZGfq2Mog) Finding our gate was easy, but seemed to be the last gate for section C. There was plenty of seating and the wait wasn't too terrible. We boarded on time and took off. I would recommend getting a direct flight, as ours was not and the wait became an extended 3 hour stay. The return flight was just as easy breezy. We landed on time, I was able to get out of the plane quickly, and then I easily made it to the baggage area to claim my luggage. My ride was waiting outside to pick me up, so we were on our way. Overall, it was a good experience.
5	Love this airport. The airport itself is very nice, with friendly staff and volunteers (look for the people in purple before TSA) to help you get where you are going. Pre security is pretty nice. Good selection of restaurants. Also, this has to be one of the few large airports in the US to offer free and reasonably fast Wi-Fi. I personally enjoy the speed and efficiency of this airport.For those of you who say that the airport is in need of some new carpet: I agree. Those of you who think the layout is stupid: you are wrong. Airports aren't supposed to be a work of art. If you were to know a single thing about architecture, airport planning, and industrial design, you would realize that the way the airport is laid out is really efficient. You can quickly get to your terminal, and the E shape is so that airplanes can park on either side of the extending structures. Pre security is pretty nice.For those of you who gave the airport itself a bad review because of an experience that you had with an airline, your review belongs on that airline's respective page. It is really misguiding when you rate an airport poorly because of a bad experience with an airline. You are supposed to rate and review the airport itself.  If you think this airport is bad, it must be the only airport in the world where you have spent a long delay or layover. Spend an 8 hour delay at JFK's terminal 2 or at O'Hare, and then we will talk.
4	Aside from the fact that the signage driving around this airport is abrupt and for the most part directionally sucky, this airport has grown on me.  There are lots of places to eat, with a good variety.  You can make it from one side to the next pretty swiftly.  There are some cute touristy Arizona stores, places to buy decent books, some interesting apparel stores and to top it off the customer services is very pleasant as well as efficient.  Did I mention TSA actually runs a pretty good ship here at least in my experiences?  They do the best they can to do their job well, while keeping in mind the concerns of travelers, and they are not complete overweening A-holes!
4	I mainly fly out of Terminal 2 and 4 (guess my alliance... ha!), so that's what all my opinions are based on.Terminal 4 is larger/newer and now has the SkyTrain from the economy parking to it, which is surprisingly more convenient than I though, so maybe it's not a complete waste of money. Although, you still need to take shuttles to the rest of the terminals.The signage is rather clear for the most part, but if you are part of any of the premium boarding groups, sometimes the signs are either not very clear or missing. Seems to have gotten better lately though. Baggage claim area has large screens telling you which carousel has your flight's luggage (foreshadowing for Terminal 2 right here). If you are being picked up by someone, remember that there is both a North and a South side of the arrivals area, so be clear where you are going to be right away, besides just naming the door number.Terminal 2 should just be a regional airport of its own. It sure got the conveniences of one. The signage for initial security check point is Flight Crews, First class and the rest. Do note, First Class is actually for most Premier flyers and TSA PreCheck as well. Not that anyone can tell you that.The 4 baggage claims carousels (in theory) show the flight number of where the luggage is coming from, but so far it at best displays late, or more often is announced over the speaker and for most fun occasions, on the wrong carousel altogether. At the very least, there is only one side to the terminal, so you don't have to tell North/South to your heat stricken friends when they pick you up.Food/entertainment choices are nothing exception in either of the terminals and are typical airport food.
3	I do not like this airport. I do not like that they deemed it appropriate to name an entire concourse in honour of far-fringe loser (Terminal 4). I do not like that they search me extra molestingly at the molesting station (TSA checkpoint)(I have gone through wearing what is apparently the most suspicious accessory known to U.S. Americans: a beard). I do not like the aforementioned one bit and would, in good conscience, given a one-star if not for ...(a) Sky Train: it is fucking awesome (especially since it is free);(b) Modern Burger: it is fucking awesome (especially since it is at an airport); and(c) staff at the Staffed Information Counter(s). This could be one of the top airports in our nation, but the waits at the TSA checkpoints are abominable, and the waits at the ticketing counters are dumbfoundingly worse (there are a lot of patrons switching flights and bullshit because of all the delays, and, nonsense; likewise, the airline employees are seemingly exported from the U.S. South where they move as slow as one could move without falling asleep). - E
5	Overall I really like this airport.  Access to the airport from multiple roadways helps reduce the traffic coming in.  I usually fly United or US Airways (star alliance) here and security is always quite fast.  Once you are inside the concourses are laid out efficiently and there are plenty of people movers in between.  There is free wifi here that is actually quite fast 3.89Mbps download and 31.48Mbps upload(speedtest.net).  Pretty good selection of restuarants.  As far as airports go this one is highly recommended.
3	The airport was easy to navigate and I got my luggage quickly. I wasn't crazy about walking in the heat to the bus to the rental car area.
2	If you're heading to Terminal 3, make sure to eat and get coffee BEFORE going through security. Food/shopping option in the terminal are terrible!
2	Crowded with overpriced food :(
4	Over the past half decade, this airport has transformed itself tremendously and is par with other major US airports.  Positive Changes: + More restaurants and convenient stores--a branch of Le Grande Orange is among them and I'm happy to see since it's my favorite local brunch spot+ SkyTrain! this is a much needed, the convenient of taking this to the Light Rail station is cool, from the Light Rail you can plan your route home and vice versa to the airport+ USB charging stations at the Departure Gates with FREE WIFIThe only complaint I have is the SIGN where you first drive into the airport telling you which airline is at which terminal--it needs improvement.  What happens if you are talking and you miss the initial signs? Now I don't know where to drop somebody off at.  Even if I was to look it up on the phone, it's not long before we have to decide which terminal to go to since its coming up quick.  Maybe this info is on the plane ticket? I don't recall.Dropping off and picking up is generally smooth.  Exiting the freeway is not the easiest thing here either.  You must pay close attention with the arrows else you will be circling around and around.
4	the people in the purple jackets are very helpful the rent a car places are too far in the heat seem like a mile away
4	I like Sky Harbor! And it is only getting better. No nonsense, no horrible crowds, easy access, lots of parking, easy to get around and plenty of places to kill time before flight. I'll take it over ORD any time!
4	Early flights in and out quick.
3	My friends and I had the pleasure of waiting in Phoenix Sky Harbor for our connecting flight to Cabo Mexico! We were posted in Terminal 4, where it was busy, chaotic, and HOT on a Friday morning! It can be a journey just to get from one terminal to another! This isn't the most glamorous airport, and I think it needs a few touch ups here and there to be on the same level of another large airport like... SFO. We couldn't wait to get out of there....On a brighter note, We saw plenty of food stalls in this airport!
5	Who woulda thought that what I thought was a small airport would be so nice.  Super clean, clear signage, comfortable waiting areas.  I didn't spend a lot of time here but I did walk through two concourses to catch my second leg to Burbank.  My first visit to this airport and I had assumed it was no larger than my local favorite Burbank.  I was wrong.  I don't think BUR even has a designated concourse?In any case, it always nice to have a few rolling sidewalks to get you where you are going especially if you are running a bit late.  Along the way, I noticed a few kiosks selling local Arizona jewelry and there was a lot of local art instead of just drab and dreary walls painted a cool gray or sky blue.  This airport appeared to have a variety of local food restaurants and national vendors instead of the same stale, mass-produced sandwiches provided by a single food concessions vendor.  I was hoping to grab a local Phoenix Starbucks coffee bug to add to my city & state collection, but didn't see a store.  Because it was so hot here today, the airport was a tad warmer than even Fort Lauderdale but the free wi-fi and charging stations made up for it.  "Give me a Hamm on five, hold the Mayo!" [Airplane! 1980]
3	I have a transferred flight there.It's really crowded in the US Airway area.I think they scheduled flight close with each other, and the room is not enough for all of them. So I had to sit in other area. And other people just stand or sit on the ground. Kinda messy.
5	Fast clean plenty of outlets to charge my devices while i wait to board the plane.
3	Gates a not many options of restaurants open after 9pm
2	An Ode to the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport TSA---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------F*ck you PHX Airport TSA. F*ck you. I flew into PHX from Jacksonville, FL a few days ago. When I was in the security line at JAX, I realized I had forgotten my driver's license in my running shorts at home. I freaked and broke out in a cold sweat. I thought for sure I wasn't getting on the plane. Then I remembered I have a concealed weapons permit, took it out and hoped for the best. The TSA agent that checked my ID was very pleasant and said the ID was fine since I also had alternative means of proving that I was me. Those other items were my social security card, and believe it or not, a SAM's Club membership card which has my photo on it. They let me through, no problems. Fast forward to today when I'm at PHX and trying to head back to Jacksonville. The TSA agent says that my concealed weapon permit won't work even though I also showed him the same pieces of ID that I showed the agent in JAX. He called a manager. The manager said I could go through but would have to be "escorted" by him as a +1. Let me explain to you what a plus one means...It means they make you go through the peek-a-boo - I see you - X-Ray machine, THEN you get pulled over to the side and thoroughly frisked like a prison inmate, THEN they thoroughly go through all your shit even after it too had just passed through an X-Ray machine. Due to this, I had to throw away my hair product because apparently it was slightly too many ounces. Not happy about this. That hair product has passed through a number of airports with no problems BUT NOT AT PHX! Anyway, I'm sitting here in the terminal waiting for my flight, writing this review, stewing. I know I should be happy that I got through but Im not. The TSA website says (I checked it before I ever came today):         'Adult passengers (18 and over) are required to show a U.S. federal or state-issued photo ID in order to be allowed to go through the checkpoint and onto their flight.'On What Planet is a Concealed Weapon Permit, issued by the STATE of FLORIDA Not a STATE ISSUED photo-ID?         - It has my photo on it, my name, DOB, sex and race.        - It's Issued by the state of FloridaWhat am I missing here!? So it doesn't have my address on it... Big f*cking deal! Why do you have to know my address!? You're trying to identify me, not pick me up for a date! In addition, I had to go through an extensive background check to obtain that concealed weapon permit. ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS BREATHE AND KIND OF KNOW HOW TO DRIVE A CAR to get a driver's license. Look.... I know I'm the dumb ass for forgetting my driver's license but at what point did people lose the ability to use common sense? This was a ridiculous waste of everyone's time, in addition to being very frustrating. Have the terrorists won by default? Maybe they have.//end Ode---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So why 2 stars? Why not 1? Why not zero, half a star, a quarter of a star, negative stars? Well... because that isn't an option. Although, as anyone who has been through a shitty experience like this can attest, it would be phenomenal if it were possible.The other reason for two stars is because this listing is for the PHX Airport as a whole and not just the TSA. I look at airports like this:1. Security is 60% of the review and what causes the most amount of anxiety                            for me so it weighs heavily on the total rating.    2. Then there's 25% for dining and drinking options 3. 15% Everything else.That said, PHX as a whole is decent. They have free WIFI which is always appreciated and they have a convenient bus system that runs on the regular to take you to the rental car building. I didn't get to peruse the dining options so I can't comment on that. Even if I had, I couldn't stomach dropping more than 2 stars after today. I know I'll be going back to PHX Airport. There's no way around it for me. I can certainly tell you that I won't forget my driver's license again. And with 100% assurity, I can also tell you... the PHX TSA WILL NOT be getting a Christmas card from me this year.
4	Great airport
4	It's one of the better Airports as they have plenty of places to plug in you phones & etc.. and free Wifi
4	For an international airport, these security lines move super quick! I, also, appreciated the moving walkways to get me around the airport.Shopping selection is average. And pricy. Buy stuff before you come or plan to spend a lot.All in all, a great airport.
3	Free wi-fi Not CrowdedEasy to get through securityShoppingAnd you can hang out with your family outside of securityBad part - my dad has picked me up here 20 times and still gets confused entering and exiting, can you fix the ease of signage here?
3	Can't say much...I was just passing through.  It was nice, clean, a good amount of restaurants.
2	This is a very strange review for me because my entire experience at this airport was unbelievable. First point to note: none of the terminals are internally connected. This means that you have to exit the terminal, take the shuttle, the go through security check again in your second terminal. Not cool especially when you are traveling with a grandmother who needs wheelchair assistance.Second point: if you're flying united or transferring to united, you're in for a surprise seeing as the united terminal is the original terminal from the 60s. Food places close very early and are all located closer to the front of the terminal.Third point: if you're taking a flight with someone who needs wheelchair assistance, you'd better hope that your flight is earlier because once you get past maybe 11pm, anyone who might have been able to help you will have disappeared.I hope I never had a layover here again.
4	I found a lot to do in this airport while waiting for a flight to San Antonio. The wifi is fast, if you're into that kinda stuff.
3	It's a pretty nice airport.....I don't really know what else to say about it.
4	Our flight is delayed. What's new?  That said I like the airport here.  Lots of different food options and some fun shopping.  The Starbucks has very comfy chairs and there is a new coffee shop that I had never heard of before.  The TSA looks over your ID's pretty carefully but with a sense of humor.  It never seems there is a long line at least not like Denver's.  I have found an 11/2 is more than enough time at least the times I have been through the Phoenix Airport.I will return many times.  I love this area with all the cactus and hot weather.  Plus my kids are here.  What more do I need.
4	Our flight is delayed. What's new?  That said I like the airport here.  Lots of different food options and some fun shopping.  The Starbucks has very comfy chairs and there is a new coffee shop that I had never heard of before.  The TSA looks over your ID's pretty carefully but with a sense of humor.  It never seems there is a long line at least not like Denver's.  I have found an 11/2 is more than enough time at least the times I have been through the Phoenix Airport.I will return many times.  I love this area with all the cactus and hot weather.  Plus my kids are here.  What more do I need.
3	this is probably one of my least favorite airports i have been thru during my trips across the states. I stopped here for a layover and almost missed my flight because there is no overall intercom or even speaker system, so you really have to be vigilant near your gate to make sure you know when to board. I haven't gone through the actual security so i can't really say too much about that since my visit was simply a layover and not a full run through of the facility. But I have experienced better elsewhere. Sad, because this is the same airport that is reference in that Jimmy eat world song 'Goodbye Sky Harbor' and that is such a great song too! So for now, Ill say this place is simply ok. The decor inside wasn't bad. But it probably needs a bit of renovation. Staff seemed friendly but dear god, please get that speaker system working!!
1	Flight 2902 to Salt Lake City scheduled to leave from Phoenix at 6:45 is delayed 2 hours because they do not have a flight crew - WTH - hopefully I will be home before I have to leave tomorrow morning for NY. I hate this airline - they have trivial rules and threaten that if you do not comply exactly as instructed you will"Lose your seat" according to the announcer. How about this for a rule - you promise to have a flight at a certain time - if you do not provide the promised flight as paid for you refund our money and provide a flight ASAP - these oligarchies have to go!Good for the DOJ antitrust division for stopping the most recent merger of these asshole companies - did I already mention I hate this airline?Have a good trip!PS I suspect the crew was used for another flight because Salt Lake is a terminal low occupancy (read low priority for US Airways) because they do not give a damn - not really!
4	Our flight is delayed. What's new?  That said I like the airport here.  Lots of different food options and some fun shopping.  The Starbucks has very comfy chairs and there is a new coffee shop that I had never heard of before.  The TSA looks over your ID's pretty carefully but with a sense of humor.  It never seems there is a long line at least not like Denver's.  I have found an 11/2 is more than enough time at least the times I have been through the Phoenix Airport.I will return many times.  I love this area with all the cactus and hot weather.  Plus my kids are here.  What more do I need.
4	No problems here for me.  I have flown into Phoenix Airport twice and have been on time for both flights.  Most recently I was extremely happy with Sky Harbor as I was super late for my flight.  It did take forever to find the place to get gas and then drop off my car - it was absolutely confusing and as i was rushing to the bus, I found out each bus goes to different terminals.  That sucked. I had to wait for my Terminal 1 bus to get there as I was nervously checking my watch thinking when the next flight was because the security line would be absolutely ridiculous.  I get on the bus and the driver says I have "plenty of time".  This was 30 minutes before my flight is supposed to depart.  I go to security and I'm shocked - I am one of 2 people in the line.  It takes me all of 2 minutes to get through and I have casual yet flustered conversation with the guard and realized I only had 25 minutes before my flight left.  I was able to get some food and make it to my flight as they were boarding Zone 3.  Sucks I had to check my bag but who cares I was so happy I made my flight. This was certainly a first and I feel like Phoenix treated me well even though I was a bit lucky.Just remember to give yourself extra time to return your car if you rented one! I"ll give it 4 stars just because they got me through security so quickly.
4	It's my "home" airport and I forget how nice it is until I'm spending pre-flight time in a clinical, colorless place (Lambert St. Louis - I'm talking to you).  Security is usually pretty well organized and there are lots of food options before and after security.
1	Avoid if at all possible. There are an inordinate amount of gate changes at this airport, so unless you are parked next to a monitor to check on their fickle shuffling of the flights, you may miss your flight. The layout is also awkward, the charging stations few and far between, and the food options limited and not very good. Just an unpleasant experience every time I have to fly through here. Never again.
4	Pretty good airport.Pros:-central location-few delays -comfortable and efficient-decent food options-good customer service-light rail linkCons:-long drive from rental car area.Overall, a pretty good airport.
3	Seems nice. I didn't see much. I know there are NO Reese's Pieces in the bldg. How do they sleep at night? It was pleasant, clean, and had enough seating.
2	TSA just ignore when I had a question and told me to ask someone else....wow reallyI want to know where I can mail out a postcard and this card just push me aside.  Now the trip is ending and I am over the fact that yes i am a freak of nature cause im asian...yea thats how i felt and i said it.  So all i want is to get an answer on where i can mail out a postcard, no harm no foul no bad intent.Other than that...this airport is a little dull, I have to admit that there are some very nice people but I just felt overall, this airport is a bit racist...
1	Got to the security checkpoint and it was a really long line. Then I heard a guy checking bags acting really rude and yelling at us about having to do extra bag checks because we're stupid. So then the line had like 70-100 people in line because they were doing a shift change. The line didn't move for 20 minutes AND a worker came to our side of barriers and started yelling and saying we have too many bags and we don't follow instructions when they scan our items. Worst of all, he told us all that it was our fault if we miiss our flights since we didn't know what we were doing. They took their sweet time, kind of chatting it up during their "shift change. A guy finally said something and the worker got even louder saying that people talk shit to him all day and the customer wasn't going to ruin his day. The regular man didn't say anything but the worker kept going and going. PHX definitely needs to get a hold on the behavior of their employees.... and I almost missed my flight! I made it just in time for final boarding.
3	It may be not one thing different except the blue color but I found the new signage confusing this morning at an airport I'm well familiar with.  Mind you it was 5:30 A.M. and at that hour I find much of the world confusing.   Good dining options abound, varying from terminal to terminal. Having to board shuttle bus rather than some sleek automated rail between terminals seems a bit of a throwback, but all in all, it's big, clean, attractive, a bit spread out, a pleasant place to fly to and through and easily accessible (and quick trip) from Central Phoenix.
4	"Worlds friendliest airport" they have free wifi and the food selection in the airport is good!
3	What a brain hurter. This airport did not make me a happy camper at all. I landed in Phoenix and had to transfer to a different terminal of which I had no idea that I had to. My ticket never said anything about having to do that and it never even said which terminal I was supposed to go to. So I had to ask a worker in order to figure it out. This then required me to walk downstairs and catch some shuttle bus thing. I could hear all the other people on the bus complaining about how they had to guess where they were going as well.To add on top of this, it required me to go back through security. Of course due to my luck the line took like 25 minutes to get through. Some dumb people do not realize that you cannot take drinks from outside into the terminal. Thankfully my layover was about an hour long so I still had a little bit of time after to grab lunch. The only problem was the terminal was so crowded with not enough seats that I was eating squished between two people. Comfort zone so not fun.I have to give them 3 stars though because it was Ok and though my complaining sounds like I hate this place, I still made my flight on time and the workers were very helpful.
5	"World's friendliest"?  Uh, ok, if you say so!Good parking options, Skytrain out of the east economy garages is now a really nice upgrade, free WiFi (be sure to use a VPN on an open network like this), good food options, decent traffic flow.  Decent bar selection and quantity too.  Clean, modern, well-run.  Makes a good first impression on out-of-town visitors.  Two thumbs up for Sky Harbor.
2	This place smelled like old/overripe bananas immediately upon entering and the fountain water tasted wrong and was warm. Like, warmer than room temperature warm. Actively warm. Even the fountain drink I got with my food tasted like the bad water, just fizzier and with flavoring. What the h, Phoenix?One star given because at least I got the heck out of there in one piece. And one other star because even though there is no normal (read: non-sit down/expensive) airport food within reasonable distance of pretty much all of the gates (I was flying Southwest, leaving out of gate D3), at least you can get a decent amount of exercise walking from your gate to the place you want to eat lunch before getting the heck out of here again. (In my case, a hike all the way to the A gates and back.)This place frightens me for a lot of reasons (giant fake boobs, people whose skin looks like leather, and peroxide out the wazoo to name a few) and I have never intentionally ended up on a layover here. I accidentally did for the second time ever today, and from this point on I will be planning to actively avoid this airport in the future. Sorry, PHX. Even though it's only one letter different, you are wayyyy too different from PDX to make the cut. Hopefully we will not cross paths again. If you end up here, good luck!
4	Great airport. Awesome food options from fast food to trendy restaurants. It's big and nice. Security seems faster here than most other big airports. I think the biggest plus for this airport is the food options, nice space, and friendly staff.
4	Easy to navigate than many other airports out there! They could use more space for picking up and dropping off.
4	Decent airport, I am really loving that US Airways is making their connections shorter and shorter.
5	Love this airport - especially Terminal 4. It has so many great restaurants.  The bathrooms are so clean and it's just easy to find the gates.
4	Love this airport unlike LAX not crowded.
4	This airport has some great food options. This is how I base how much i like an airport. It had some gourmet deli places, so I was able to get a wrap filled with chicken, avocado, bacon, and cheese. Not to shabby right for an airport...
5	Vegas was fun. So tired from the rock and roll marathon
3	I never realized how HUGE this airport is. I was here on a short layover from Cabo San Lucas, so I had to pass through customs here. It was pretty painless and I mentally prepared myself for a 3 hour layover. Plenty of shops and plenty of food options. My only suggestion (if you're using Yelp to find food), call the place and figure out exactly WHERE the restaurant you're looking for is actually located. I walked all over Terminal 4 before I gave up searching for what I wanted, and just got a turkey sandwich instead.
3	Large airport with no real help to get from one terminal to the other.  So you may have a bit of a jog between flights if your in different terminals with a short layover time. Clean though and well laid out.
4	I've traveled to over 100 airports throughout my biz career. I'm not rating Sky Harbor 4 stars because it is my home airport....The terminals, parking and easy of access to the airport are excellent. At terminal #4 they have so many local restaurants which gives travelers and locals the opportunity to have a great taste of Phoenix. I'm not rating 5 due to only one TSA pre-approved access point (Gate A) and hey...it's an airport not a resort.
4	I have been flying in and out of Sky Harbor my entire life, so I have a bit of a nostalgic feeling about it.  I remember the feeling when I was a kid and I'd step off a plane and see that memorable carpet pattern, and think "I'm almost home!"The carpet has been updated, and that is the least of the changes the airport has been through since I was flying unattended at the age of 5.  The majority of the following refers to Terminal 4, as that is where I usually am and where most passengers go through.Food: If you're willing to pay for a real meal, you can get some decent options here.  La Grande Orange, Blanco, Sauce, Chelsea's Kitchen... all good.  However I do not recommend the on-the-fly kiosks trying to sell you a half-baked breakfast burrito.Security: On par with other major international airports.  The lines can be long during peak hours, and you have the intrusive machine that scans you as you stand ironically in the pose of a frozen army man.  I've had my pony tail searched.  Remember that the largest airlines share the same terminal, so Terminal 4 is much busier during "rush hour".  Transportation: The rental car agencies are off-site, so you have to use a shuttle if you are renting a car.  Not ideal, but at least there's a simple solution.  The parking garages are the same way, unless you pay for nearby/covered parking (and you sure will pay).  The new and improved Sky Train will get you around the airport for free, and deposit you at the Phoenix Light Rail station if you choose to use public transportation and avoid all that parking mess.  Driving around the airport is easier than it is in other cities, but it's still "airport traffic"... be careful.  Watch the signs, or you'll have to do a loop and go at it again.  Within the terminals are some very long hallways with people-movers to get you to your gate without requiring a nap in between.Shopping: Solid airport selections.  Books, magazines, snacks, etc.  There are some gift-shoppy Arizona-style stores, so if you forgot to pick up a souvenir until now you can go ahead and buy a saguaro sweatshirt or scorpion paperweight.  There are also some of those electronics vending machines where you can buy phones and iPods and such.Other: As featured in Twilight, beware of the confusing women's restroom.  I haven't been lost in it since I was young, but I guess it's still there.  There is now free WiFi and charging stations at or near each gate.  The whole airport is full of museum-style displays and art exhibits if you want to learn something on your way to retrieve luggage.  If you call for an airport shuttle, make sure you know what side of the terminal you're on.  Don't answer "the outside, of course", I mean North versus South.
3	For never actually spending time in Phoenix, I spend so much time in this airport.  When you live in and are flying out of a small town that nobody has ever heard of, it's a chore getting home to Hawaii for me. Phoenix is always my layover or one of my layovers. I always feel like I've ran a marathon by the time I'm at my next gate. It's so spread out and huge and just my luck, I always need to be at the opposite end of where I'm at to catch my connecting flight.  Those people mover things do help though, until people decide to stand on it because legs are overrated. That's just lazy, come on!Something I'll remember forever; I was so thirsty so I went to a Starbucks in my terminal.  I ordered a black tea.  When the lady called my name and gave me my drink, I was in such a hurry..I grabbed it and went on my way to board. I never took my first sip until seated on the plane.  Ahhh, finally relaxation time.  I take a huge sip expecting deliciously fresh brewed iced tea, and NOPE. Pure black iced coffee. Not even a hint of cream or sugar. The guy in front of me is lucky I didn't spit it out. Did I mention that I'm not even a coffee drinker? My husband had a huge laugh.  Haha, I guess. Lol.
3	I stopped in here during a layover to Baja.  The small bit of the airport that I walked through was rather dismal and in need of updating.  The restaurants were very similar (Tex-Mex influence) with typical overpriced airport goods.  Because I was there very early, the airport was a ghost town.  However, within an hour of being there, a bunch of flights landed and it quickly became a bustling airport!
3	I am always in the Delta terminal.  Good shop choices before security, but once you are past security don't expect much.   It seems like the security lines are always LONG!  They have at least 6 security scanners, yet they only ever have 2 open.  Expect a long wait so get here early!
3	I was only there for about 45 mins., its ok
3	Flew through here on my way from Mexico City to Reno.  The airport is nice, seems like just the right size to have enough flights but to not be overly crowded.
5	I am afraid of flying but I actually get excited to wait in the Phoenix airport before a flight. I've never been delayed at this airport, the longest I've waited for security is 25 minutes, and the staff are really friendly all the time. Most importantly THE FOOD!!!! It's amazing! Blanco in the airport, are you serious? $5 tequila shots before I board a 6 hour flight? Yes please. They've stepped their game up big time here, I forget I'm even in the airport it's so damn nice. On the other end of things picking someone up from the airport is pleasant too, convenient cell phone lots and remarkably not ever that crowded, even on like a Friday night.
3	I think this was my second time at this airport, this time for a layover. I spent only about 30 minutes here which consisted of walking from one gate to another. It was crazy busy. As in there was no where to sit down in the entire airport. The terminal I was in was pretty old and I didn't partake in any of the food selections so I can't comment on that. I'm actually glad I didn't have to because all of the lines were super long.Unfortunately, I didn't spend much time looking around since I had such a short layover hence the short review.
4	What can you say about an airport you've only ever made connecting flights in?  Phoenix you've always been a blast as I've run through your halls to catch my next plane, hopefully grab a bottle of water from one of the many kiosks. I've always been well directed to the appropriate terminal. Your bathrooms have always been clean. All in all a great experience each time and I hope to run through your halls again soon!
5	Cell Phone Lot is really full?This Airport is quick, safe, friendly, and convent.  It's my home base A/P, I would take it over LAX any day.  No 105 FWY! :) enjoy people.
4	Good & getting better! At least terminal 4 is, lol. It's modern, clean, quite comfortable. It also has a great variety of restaurants & stores both before & past the security checkpoint. The last time I was in terminal 2 was years back, & it was like a 70's flashback :( Those are the only terminals I've flown out of, so I can't comment on the others. When I pick someone up, I like the personal touch of parking and waiting for them outside their gate :D That runs me $4 for an hour parking in the garage. When I'm flying out and leave my car there, I use the East Economy lot. At $9 a day, it's reasonable and much more convenient than parking off site. The airport buses run through every 15 minutes or so and go to all the terminals. The new PHX Sky Train is an automated train that goes between the 44th Street and Washington Valley Metro Light Rail, the East Economy parking area and Terminal 4 in it's first stage. I haven't had a chance to ride it yet, but it looks cool! :)The airport website is actually really comprehensive and has tons of info. I'd recommend giving it a looksie! skyharbor.com
3	A large airport that is really spread out.  The Southwest terminal is really crowded, so more seating would have been better.  The food options are decent, we opted for La Grande Orange which was really good.  There are some shops geared toward children, like a toy shop.  This came in handy for my little ones; even if it's just window shopping, it helps pass the time away during layovers.  There are plenty of moving walkways to help get from one terminal to another quickly, being that this is a large airport to maneuver.
5	I have traveled a good amount in my life. Sky Harbor Airport is clean, the security lines are normally not too long, and there are TONS of food and shop options in all 4 terminals.The parking is just about as expensive as all airport parking.. Shuttles are decently priced, and the signage is good.For a large airport...it is great! I enjoy flying in/out of here.
4	I actually like this airport.  Yes, it's kind of spread out, but it's not like Logan or LAX.  You have diverse options for food if you're on a longer layover.  The lounges are located all over and are easy to find.  I find it to be a generally nice place to spend a few hours between flights.
2	I'm just not a fan of this place.The airport is too big and too spread out, it's outdated, and no one is very friendly. I've flown into PHX four times in the past year, and I hate it more with every trip. It seems like the airport isn't well thought out; they just took advantage of all the space and spread everything out too much. And heaven forbid you have a rental car - enjoy that trip around the sun.
3	AirportFrom a purely traveling perspective, it gets the job done - planes take off and land and you can get your luggage and be on your way.Middle of the road decent- the baggage area was a Mongolian cluster fuck where there seemed to be 4 carousels and each one had like 10 flights of stuff on them - so it was a sea of humanity there.Exits were easy enough to find thankfully and I didn't look back.Gets the job done - not as bad as LAX and not as good as most of the others.Good luck!
4	I have been to Sky Harbor many a times over the last few years. Most recently I was here last week for business travel. Overall I have always had smooth sailing at this airport. I flew Delta on this trip and went out of terminal 3 which was okay, not bad, not great. The food options were not as great as others have reported recently so I do think that the food options are in terminal 3. Security went by pretty fast. Airport employees were fairly nice, no was out right rude which was good.Overall I have had good trips out of Phoenix Sky Harbor. I do recommend being dropped off or taking a shuttle. Parking on this trip was $75. Ouch.
3	I was here for about 20 min... but at least it wasn't a bad 20 min?
3	If you are returning home or new to PHX, good luck figuring out where to park or how to get back to your car.  Just not a very well thought out airport.
3	The terminals are confusing and the airport seems old
3	an oldie but a goody.  i haven't had to wait in line to check in or thru security so i can't complain.  lots of restaurants, mostly outside security, to pick from.  could use an upgrade.
3	The airport was easy to navigate and clean. no gum on the floor. had to rock my jacket as the airport had some kicking AC going on. the people were nice
4	Big clean international airport, I'm comparing this to LAX.  Really nice staff that will help you with your bag.  There are a lot of stores but I haven't been able to explore becuase I'm usually running to my gate.
3	Nothing to complain about.
3	Time to update my review.  All of my previous comments still apply....WiFi sucks, Car Rental building is far from the airport and takes a very long time to get to.  However, it's improved in 1 important area and gets bumped up 1 Star for it....the food has improved in the gate areas.Since my last review, they've added local Arizona restaurants like La Grande Orange and Sir Veza's Taco Garage.  Awesome move by the airport.  At least we're doing something right here.Also, they've added an art display in the gate area before security.  Over the Summer they had bolo ties on display from all over the State.  Very cool.Let's keep improving this airport.  Now if they can just move car rental on-site...Return Factor - 100%
3	Kinda cramped for the volume of fliers that come through here, but you really don't have a choice with USAir.
3	Leave yourself plenty of time to get where you need to go here. Seriously, the paths between terminals are the longest I've ever encountered. It'd be like if DFW didn't have the little air tran thing. Besides that, it's a pretty straightforward airport and has never been overly crowded on my visits. I'm not necessarily wowed by the dining options
4	Now THIS is an Airport. Compared to the STL Airport, this place seems massive. It's a straightforward airport, no shenanigans. It's large and is a really nice and updated facility. I wouldn't mind having to spend a couple hours here. Way more comfy than some other airports. Most airport problems are derived with the airline. No h8 here!
4	Sky Harbor is leaps and bounds above Tucson Intl, well worth the drive. Sky Harbor has so many more flights departing than Tucson and at a lower cost.  Access to and from the airport is very well designed, easy access to valleys freeways. Many different parking options, a few of the nearby hotels let you park overnight (cheaper than the airport). Free WiFi!The only drawback is some of terminals have limited options as far as food goes. US Airways/United terminal looks to be recently updated and has more food options than the others.
4	I have flown to and from here multiple times. This place is thousands of times better than ORD (old home airport). There is free WiFi and plenty of outlets to charge your electronics in the U.S. Airways terminal. The workers are friendly and seem to enjoy what they do. The security line is actually not a pain in the neck.The only downside is the car rental center is significantly far from the airport. The bus system to get to it is efficient though.
2	I do not like to wait in line.I do not like the security grind.I do not like the extra fees.I do not like the knocking knees,while floods of people swarm like bees,around food reminiscent of Apple Bees.I do not like the extreme crowds.Or how all the announcements aren't very loud.And when I want a juice - oh no,the wait to pay is OH so slow.I do not like this, Can(adian) I am.I do not like this traffic jam.
4	Very easy airport to fly in and out and a relatively close drive from the city. Make sure that your ride drops you off at the right terminal because it is a far walk between each. Fortunately, they have shuttles to take you to and from each. I didn't get a chance to explore the food options here, but it seemed pretty standard. Pretty much everyone from the airline employees to aiport workers were friendly. And surprisingly my experience with the TSA security was a pleasantly fast process with no drama.
2	This review is specifically for the Security checkpoint for Southwest Airlines - I think it was terminal D. I am not sure if it was because of the government shut down but for whatever reason, TSA moved reallllly slow. I had gotten to the airport 1.5 hours ahead of my flight. No checked bags. Went straight to security and barely made my flight. NOT. OK. The line was not even that long when I got to security. Of course, by the time I put my bag on the conveyor belt and I looked back - the line had grown exponentially. PREPARE FOR SLOW SERVICE. the absolute worst when you're trying to get home. I would tell you about all the other places (ie. shops, restaurants, wifi) but I didn't get to experience it because of the the SLOW service.
2	I can honestly say that I dislike this airport. Actually,  I haven't left it yet, so that dislike might turn to hate by the time I leave.  Listen,  we get it. People hate smokers.  We know you hate us but we don't really care. Put us outside and make us huddle together like the criminals that you think we are and we'll do it. But what I won't do, is walk a couple of miles inside just to get to the outside, then walk allllllll the way to the end of the building. This is a huge airport, and it's hot here.  I made the as far as I could, and still had a ways to go before I got to the designated smoking area.  By the time I got there, I was sweating and my arms and back ached. But I had my one cigarette, and repeated the process all over again, this time adding the security checkpoint. Now I'm cranky and hungry, but everything is too expensive here. Can't wait to leave! One more thing, I am currently sitting next to a gentleman who was nice enough to let me plug into his laptop as there is one plug in the entire terminal.  Awesome.
3	While waiting to pick a friend up from the airport I decided to stop off and try the new Orange Spice iced coffee. Instead, I got an Orange Spice Iced Americano, which was to the disbelief of the lady at the cash register. She was unaware they could do that. They then charged me more than $4 for a drink that shouldn't normally be more than $2.50 because he didn't know how to ring it up or even that the drink existed. The drink was tasty for the two minutes it lasted, but it was all ice. I will stay away from airport Starbucks from now on unless I'm out of country and just need a taste of home. Otherwise, it's not a true Starbucks experience.
4	I'm in shock, it's only been just over a year since I've flown out of Sky Harbor I barely recognized the place!When did they add all the hip eating joints, I only remember the usual Starbucks coffee & a bar or 2, and perhaps a place to get a fast food burger & some sticky buns, was I checking in previously with tunnel vision? An airport is probably one of the last places I'd want to hang out or would plan to eat but good to know they have made some good food upgrades! I made it through the line in record time to get my boarding pass, even getting through security was quick, more shock! Although there was a bit of a delay do to the security risk of me accidentally leaving my unfinished water bottle in my bag. They were quick to secure the area by trashing it and not making me feel like a felon, extra star no step search required! Shocked again, it's time to board! I'm leaving on a Jet plane, and still smiling!
3	Many, many changes to the dining variety. No complaints.Some of the water faucets have fill stations for water bottles .... very nice!I fly Southwest & US airlines and have been through this airport many, many times. Free, easy to use Internet and clean.
2	Wow. I've been in this airport a lot, but only for connecting flights. I've never gone through security here before. I live in OKC and love our sweet little airport, but departing from Sky Harbor, I now appreciate how well-designed and thoughtfully considered our airport is. So, here are just a few things that I think need a serious overhaul:-They didn't check my ID as I went into the line for TSA. They only looked at my boarding pass. This is weird, because it seems to me this is the one place where you have enough control to make sure you check every single person's ID against the name on the boarding pass. -The lines for security are whack. You pick from one of three lines, which we will call A, B and C that feed to two people, who we will call right and left. Well, left is not only pulling from A, she's also pulling from D, the pre-approved frequent travelers who use a different line. Then you have right taking from C. No one is taking from B, which unfortunately was the line I was in. Other travelers clearly saw that we had been there for a while. When the third person who arrived after us breezed through without regard, I finally got pushy and spoke up. Why not have one line that feeds into the next available agent? -The bag scanning line is built around a 90-degree angle, so you have to move your bags several times. There is also not much room to line up so you can't work very far ahead of your exact turn to walk through, so you waste a lot of time standing in line when you could be prepping your bins. It also seems like it would be safer in general if the agents could look down a long line and see what's happening. A lady walked through the scanner before she had pushed her bag up onto the ramp, and I felt really weird. I didn't want to move it, because it's not mine and if there is something bad in there I don't want to be seen touching it. But the alternative is to risk watching someone leave a bag behind. I had to get an agent but that took some work. -I actually overheard the woman doing the body scan say, "I'm doing the bare minimum today." Somehow that is not comforting to me. - Finally, when you arrive at the crowded gate area to board your flight, they have rows 1-5 line up at the same time, with groups snaking over into each other's lines. It was at this point that someone came over to check my ID against my boarding pass. There's no way of knowing you really checked everyone at this point. Plus you're weaving your way through five lines of people, weighted down by bags, who have to find their IDs again. It's just weird. I'll keep OKC's streamlined, thoughtful procedures and nice staff any day.
4	Clean location but be prepared to do a lot of walking!
3	It's been years since I've flown into Phoenix and this review is way overdue. It's definitely come a long way with many updates and additions for food options and shopping. It's quite a large airport and security can be dicey so leave yourself plenty of time to get in and out.
4	I am starting to travel in and out of here quite a bit and unlike most airports it is not entirely unpleasant. It is a large, reasonable attractive, spread out and modern airport. It has easy freeway access and is located fairly centrally in Maricopa County.The lines at security are shorter than at most other airports I travel to. Terminal 4 has varied and unique shopping and food options, not to mention free WIFI.  Having the car rental building so far from the terminal is a drag particularly having to use the shuttle buses. They are always overcrowded and I always have to wait.Compared to the vast majority of North American airports PHX is not bad at all.
5	I have flown into Phoenix 3 times, two with connections to Flagstaff via US Airways Express. This airport is easy to navigate around, everything is clearly marked. The lines for security weren't too bad. There aren't a lot of food choices in the A terminal where US Airways flies into. Be sure to get a cool Arizona souvenir on the way out!
2	NOTE TO PASSENGERS OF US AIRWAYS: Do not tell your driver that you are at US Airways. Who in the world built a sports venue next to the airport and conveniently named it US Airways Center? Genius, I tell you. Maybe I shouldn't have assumed my Lyft driver knew that I was at the airport, but still.... I'm sure many people have gotten this mixed up plenty of times. Before smart phones were as smart as they are today? Anyway, just keep that in mind when you fly US Airways..Never have I been in such a panic to find the exit at an airport. I wasn't familiar with the airport or area at all and everything just looked so complex. Different airlines cannot be seen at the same terminal, and airport signs are also not a huge help. Luckily, we found a nice staff member that directed us to the nearest door to fresh air. Well, not so fresh air as people smoke like chimneys out here.The airport itself also wasn't an interesting site. It was exactly what you would imagine a generic airport would look like, no artwork, no funny decorations, no nice music. Just an airport like LAX.I guess they get a plus for being specific on terminal number, airline, and door number... My next driver knew just exactly where I was.
4	I can't think of anything I didn't like at this airport.  It was clean, had wi-fi and better food options than the San Diego airport.
4	Grandson arriving at Term.2. Yea!  Ages since I've been to term 2 but it's easier to get in and out of than term 4
3	Rental car shuttle system is not fast...plan on spending an hour from the time you return your car to your arrival at your terminal...that's before you even get into the security lines.
3	Overall the look of this airport is old. Dark seats and carpet and old textile but they do have lighted electric signs. Here is the summary:Pro: some eateries are very new and modern e.g. Modern Burger. They have moving walkways. Free Wi-fi that extends to some section (but will drop later).Con: toilets don't have auto seat covers. There are a few outlets but they ports are very loose, my AC plug-in keeps falling out. Still not enough number of outlets. The carpet looks very old and not a lot of seats in the waiting area at the gates.
3	So. Confused.Don't head to this airport if you need glasses to read. CAUSE I WAS GETTING LOST. Mind you, I shouldn't be driving without glasses anyways, but that is beside the point. Not only is it difficult to navigate which gate to get to for arrivals, but my guest arriving was extremely lost trying to find where to exit from luggage claim. Coming from living near the San Diego Airport, the traffic isnt as bad here, but the people suck. I know your job is safety and security, but its also a customer service position. So i expect a smile and MAYBE even some Pleases and Thank yous ....BUT NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo dont expect that here. I swear the people they hire hate being spoken to. lol terrible employees, someone needs to hire a quality control auditor.
4	Home!  I have to say that Phoenix Sky Harbor is one of the best airports in the world!  They recently had a major renovation, adding some really great restaurants to the different gates, giving flyers more options on the type of food available, great variety on coffee shops, both corporate and non corporate, great shopping choices.  Also, checking luggage in is easy and even way better when claiming luggage as the service is quick and efficient.  And thebest feature???  Free WIFI and the availability of seats with charging stations for smart phones and laptops!!!  Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport rocks!!!
4	Ok, I understand there are no 5 star airports in this country mostly due to security concerns. But for ease of access, parking, and food, Sky Harbor is head and shoulders over McCarron and anything in California. It is not uncommon to breeze through TSA and onto your gate in under 15 minutes from the time you park out in the east economy lot. The train from remote parking and covered parking areas areas are safe, easy to navigate, and well lit. Sky Harbor does it's best to live up to its moniker "the friendliest airport in the country".
3	It looks like a nice airport. The one issue is the CAB line. Very hard to find. One of the worst i have came across
3	This airport reminded me of the movie BLOW. It's beyond old school. Old dirty looking carpets and all around boring feel. However, it is functional and it does what its supposed to do.
3	Par-- Expensive parking, some good food options, befuddled terminal layoutPHX is okay as an airport. Once you've been through departing a few times, you learn the terminal layout and parking options.  But on first experience, it's a befuddled mess.  Knowing the parking layout isn't easy. Numbering system is inconsistent. And you see people struggling to tell their ride where to pick them up on a regular basis in baggage claim. At-airport parking is also very expensive at $25/day.  To its credit, PHX does have some good eating options.  Better than almost all other airports even.Other than that, it's a messy design, the place is showing age, and you have to budget extra time in case there is traffic.  Guess that's the price of having a downtown airport.  I'd love to see them build a modern international airport in Buckeye.  They have enough land out there and (with the new loop) it would balance out some of the traffic load so the highway around the airport isn't so congested.Better bet is to park in the Spot parking at E 40th and Van Buren.  There is a covered option and they zip you right in.
3	I love Phoenix, and the airport isn't bad, but...There is a lot of walking between terminals.  There are moving sidewalks, but it still seems like a trek.My biggest complaint is restaurants.   We wanted to try and get a sit down meal in Terminal B and no dice.  The one food area had two food choices (mexican and pizza) with the smallest dining area I ever saw.  It was a mad battle for table space if you wanted to eat.  Not ideal.I can see there are some restaurants in the works, so maybe things will get better.Even seating the terminal area was pretty limited.
1	Don't even want to give one star. DO NOT COME TO THIS AIRPORT HUNGRY!!! If you are transferring here, pack your own food. Basically a choice of overpriced "A" or overpriced "B". Thats it, folks. Shitty food. Priced higher than almost any other airport I have traveled through. Shocking, really.
4	Nice airport, easy to get around.
3	This airport is notoriously difficult to get around in, the gates are far apart and walkways are old and miserable. Okay...enough with the bad. The good news is!!!!  Now the airport is highlighting some of Phoenix's best food so go early and walk yourself over to Blanco, humble pie or Chelsea's kitchen for a kale salad, some guac, a pistachio pizza or just for an artisan cocktail. Once you do, you may not mind the walk to your gate on the other side of the planet. Lol :-)One more thing, don't forget to write down which garage you are in (after you pick up those bags you'll be happy to head toward the right garage E or W) or glad to know which side to be picked up on (N or S).  You're welcome.
2	One of my least favorite airports. The food options are quite limited (although slowly getting better) and the people are just not very friendly. (PDX has spoiled me.) It could just be my sensitive sniffer but there seems to be a faint stench in the air; probably from the old,worn carpet.Very few plugs to charge your devices in the gate areas. It is 2013, you can't spring for a few more outlets to accommodate the patrons? Also, the Wi-Fi took forever to connect. Why must I click on what seems like an insane amount of windows in order to get online?! I get you need advertising $ but c'mon!The rental car building is a long bus ride away. I do like that all companies are innone place but you have to factor in an extra (at least) 30 min before you can get to your car. I'm pretty sure that you land in New Mexico and then taxi to Arizona. It seems like forever to get to the gate.
3	Phoenix is one of my favorite cities, but this airport is not one of my favorites to fly into.  It is a large airport, but not that easy to get around.  You have to walk...a lot.  I usually fly US Airways and this airport is a hub for that airline.  The car rental location is far from the airport, but the shuttles are pretty reliable.  Some of the positives about the airport are that it's very clean, and has free Wi-Fi and offer an array of dining options.  So if your ever stranded (fingers crossed that it doesn't happen), you will be comfortable and won't go hungry as long as you have some cash flow.  B. Major Grade:  C
3	Overall this is a decent airport. Security here is generally pretty easy. Some terminals are super beat up and dated. Others, such as the D gates in Southwest's terminals are brand new and sparkling. Pretty good food choices and a couple of decent bars. I always grab a soup and sandwich from Paradise Bakery while waiting to catch my flight.
4	The airport is not a bad airport at all. It's actually better than a lot of airports! I love that the roadways leading in and out of the airport is not too confusing. The only terminal that is confusing is #2 because it's not connected to the main building. But it's nice inside. It has all of the usual restaurants and magazine stores and coffee shops. The coolest place is La Grande Orange. I was surprised that there was one in there in terminal 4. Good restaurant for food!The place is pretty clean too. It's very well kept. They started upgrading the entire place. Now there's LCD boards giving you information on the roadways, recharge stations inside and a sky train that takes you to the light rail station. For free. To ride the light rail is not free. But you can be dropped off at the airport light rail station and take the sky train directly to the main check-in building. The airport only keeps getting better. :)
5	I've been through a lot of airports and this one has some of the cleanest and most modern facilities, friendliest employees, shortest lines and nicest restaurants.Clean, easy to navigate, lots of parking options, frequent shuttles from off site parking, and food from some of the city's best restaurants. Since I travel so often, I'm thrilled that this is my airport.
1	All restaurants/bars close before 10pm?  This airport is bad. I must have walked over a mile to find everything closed.  No food, no beer, no anything after 9:45pm.  Even if things were open, there are very few choices for decent food. If you are travelling later in the day and plan to eat, drink, or just relax and watch sports, I would pay more for a layover in pretty much any city other than Phoenix.
4	I give Sky Harbor a 4 start rating for two reasons - increased convenience for getting to the airport and the increasingly local foodie centric nature of the food purveyors outside and inside the main terminals.In 2013 the sky train became operational and now one can literally go to a light rail station, catch it to 44th and Thomas (airport stop) and then go up the escalator to the sky train. Along the way you can check your bag  so you don't even have to go downstairs, just directly to security and the gate, or with that extra time you can check out the increasing number of food sources that are provided by well known local food establishments. You can expect two things - the sky train will be expanded to cover not only terminals 3 and 4 but eventually, if I understand correctly, all terminals, and the food at the airport will be increasingly reflective of some of the best local eating establishments that Phoenix and its surrounding cities, have to offer. Hey, you may want to hop on the train and go say,  eat breakfast at Chelsea's kitchen on the weekend, just for the heck of it - easy when you use the light rail and the sky train!
2	Home of some of my biggest airport nightmares of all time. Airline check-in is a nightmare (unless you're flying Southwest, they seem to have their stuff together), Security is a nightmare. Home to a disproportionate number of entitled jerky airline passengers. Ugh. I just hate this place. Just do yourself a favor, and get there early. You might not need the time every time, but one of these times you will.
5	I may be partial to this airport since it's my own, but I find it easy to navigate.
3	Paradise bakery is good for soups n salad, most terminals are run down :(  lots of parking. Gates are kind of far apart. So so experience. Employees very friendly and helpful.
4	Flying to the east coast on a Friday- I had zero line to wait in to check in and to get through TSa security. I have never been to an airport this fast. The few staff I interacted with were all friendly and they had good food choices in the gates to choose from.
4	Out of all of the airports that I visit, I enjoy the fact that this one is consistently quick. Today I made it from the curb to the gate in 32 minutes. I think the airport itself is well designed and ran very well.
5	I like travelling from this airport due to the ease of access from everywhere... i usually take the Light Rail, this way i don't have to worry about paying a shuttle...
2	very large, very confusing, long walk in terminal 4 from gate D to C........long walk and no options.
2	Meh, it's functional I guess.  I'm usually only here for layovers and seem to have the same experience every time.  Walking long, endless hallways in search of more than one food option and never finding a place to sit down near the food options or near the gates.
3	If you've never been to the Phoenix Sky Harbor airport, don't be alarmed - you aren't missing anything. Really. On our most recent trip to Phoenix, we thought we'd see a lot of updates from our last visit but it still seems really outdated with very few restaurants to chose from. A lot of airports these days are getting facelifts and bringing in more trendy places to eat but not so much here.  At least not in the Southwest Terminal.  I will say, I love the moving walkways though.
2	I'm not really a fan of this Air Port for one reason only. The TSA Agents. Seriously they were super rude to me! Before I tell you my story I'm going to review the rest of the air port.The airport is super clean and well maintained. I feel like they update it alot because it doesn't look old like alot of the other air ports do. They also have many different places to eat in the air port that are not ridiculously expensive like every other air port. I've never had a problem flying in or out and all of my flights have been on time. My favorite thing about this airport is that you CANNOT get lost. The airport kind of just flows so you get where your supposed to be. One more cool thing about Sky Harbor is the ceiling when you go down into baggage claim. It's the coolest mosaic of colored glass. Its the one thing I remember about my childhood!!Now you would think that with my review this air port would get a higher rating. Well because I like the air port so much I won't give it one star. I'll give it two. This is why.I'm one of those people who has a really bad food allergy. So I have to travel everywhere with my epipen. Being the paranoid traveler I am, I called TSA and asked them what their policy was regarding an epipen. They told me that I could get it hand inspected and everything would be fine. So before I went on my trip I got a note from my doctor and had my prescription on it just in case I got hassled. So when I left Hawaii everything was cool. They hand inspected it and I was through security within five minutes. It was super easy and not a big deal. When I went through Sky Harbor I had it out and separate from my bags and I calmed explained the situation to the TSA agent. He then proceeded to tell me that they could not hand inspected it and it had to go through the X-ray.  I then told them that it couldn't be X-rayed and it needed to be hand inspected. He then called 3 other TSA agents to surround me. While this was happening I kept being told it could not and WOULD not be hand inspected. And if I didn't let my EPIPEN get X-Rayed I would get strip searched and my bags would be hand searched for weapons and I would miss my plane. I finally got tired of being bullied and harassed and let them X-ray my epipen. This whole situation took thirty minutes and by the time I was done dealing with the TSA agents I was scared and shaking. If I fly out of Arizona I will not be excited to fly out of here.
5	As a proud Phoenician born and raised, there is some sort of civic pride when I mention my airport. It is a very busy airport, indeed...but it is efficient, nonetheless. Also, before reading, keep in mind that TSA, across the board, is always a crapshoot of crapiness. I leave them out of my reviews, because we all know how "lovely" they are.~The Good~Sky Harbor is one of the busiest airports in the world, and they are very efficient. I have never waited on the tarmac to take off, in my 27 years of flying out of the place. As air trends have evolved, so has Sky Harbor. We as a society locally have trended to hip and fun food joints, so what did Sky Harbor do? They brough in local popular  merchants like LGO and gave them their own stores in terminals. SCORE! I hate feeling like I am trapped in a cookie cutter food joint, so being able to attend an airport, and STILL eat local, that is full of win. Another nice thing is that Sky Harbor has volunteers that roam the terminals to guide aimless travelers. I have never used them, but they are always gracious and kind, and seem ready to help. Being a big airport, you would think its a mess getting through the TSA. But since weather isn't a big issue, we can always count on arriving at a set time prior to flight to get ready for pre-boarding. I am a planner, so knowing I do not have to plan random variables is a big plus. The airport is right in the middle of all the action, and is 15 minutes away from most cities in Phoenix Metro. How much else can I say? They really did it right when they built this airport...and they continue to provide great service.~The Bad~I have no real complaints...The parking rates are goofy, but that's the same way it is at most airports...If you are parking and leaving your car for an extended period of time, there are vendors who can provide much cheaper options, so problemo solved! I think my only beef is with some of the expansions they have done, which seem  to not really have helped much. The people-mover they built seems to try to make us more of a tech-savvy or next-generation airport, but we aren't an inner-city kind of town, so the mover was, in my mind, a big waste of money. Oh well. Nice airport, just wish they would put money in the right spots.~The Down Low~Great airport. No complaints. 5 stars for customer service, flight success rate, updated restaurant/amenity selections, location, and general ease of travel. Do not hesitate flying in to this airport, Phoenix is an awesome city with an awesome-sauce airport. Woot!
4	Terminal 4 has really upped their game in the restaurant department.  A dozen of the valley's trendier places now have locations in the terminal.  And some of them are even on the other side of security!
5	Always clean, easy, simple, and organized!!!Cell phone lot has a billboard that keeps you in the know & there is a restroom if you need it.  The Christmas rush is very doable here at Sky Harbor.
2	Hmm, I guess coming from LAX I expected a little more than what I got here. Sadly I have a 3 hour layover here and I still don't know what gate my next flight will be at?!?!  I knew what gate my LAX flight would be at the day before I got to the airport. Now I'm at PHX just wondering around looking for a wall charger, which is really hard to come by, unless your willing to pay for some coffee, which I am. Haha. So in my search for what gate to wait at I've found that a bunch of gates here don't actually have automatic electrical boards, rather they are still manual, like you put up the destination and time letter by letter.  Haha so sad for the works, they looked pretty stressed. What this airport does have is a nice view for the mountains and hill, if you find the time to take a breath, look outside at the panoramic view, might make your wait just that much shorter.
5	I was very impressed with my most recent experiences at the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport.  They have made some great changes over the years and my opinion of this airport has improved quite a bit.... especially in relation to many other airports.The security checkpoint is the most efficient I have experienced in a long time.  The way they have it set up keeps the lines moving, which avoids massive backups and long waits I have seen at other airports.  It was the first time I haven't had to remove my shoes while going through security since 2005.They also have free internet access, which is very helpful when I'm in the mood to write Yelp reviews while waiting for my flight.
2	Flew out of Terminal 2 this morning and didn't have a great experience.Check in agents at United desks were overworked. Precheck wasn't open yet so I had to stand with the commoners. TSA agent had a chip on his shoulder. And there was nothing inside the terminal.I hear they're tearing this terminal down soon. Good.
4	I've been flying into and out of this airport since I was a kid. Now that I am old I can say that things have definitely grown and changed for the good.  There are some fun shops and restaurants and it is nice that there are some larger known chain restaurants located in areas where visitors came meet you for a bite before catching their next plane. The security line always seem to be long. Driving around to pick up a returning part is not always the easiest. The signs are not as easy to navigate as it would seem.  There are too many places that are trying to merge 3 lames from different directions into 1 lane. I can't tell you how many times I've gotten lost here, at least every time is a new fun experience. :)
3	I LOVE this airport for a variety of reasons:1. Since I fly Southwest and they are based here, I LOVE, LOVE that they are the first terminal when coming into the airport. 2. They also have ample parking...even during the holidays, when everybody and their Momma is at Sky Harbor, we can ALL find a place to put the car! Yeah!3. Getting through security is generally fast. (Note this comment is about speed...still have problems with the friendliness of the TSA staff. Most of the TSA staff around America, though, is the same...meh...However, in Kona, HI, you will find the most helpful TSA around: friendly, kind and helpful.)4. The selection/variety of eateries in the terminals has exploded. I saw also that they are now building a nice upscale restaurant as well.5. Bathrooms are always clean. Have yet to find a messy stall.6. Someone brillant allowed art galleries and gallery-like gift shops to exist. AMEN. So tired of airport crap shops. And I really DISLIKE this airport for a few reasons:1. Although the gastronomic selection is huge, why does the price tag of the meal have to be huge (and the size of the meal, small)? My son had an unexpected flight delay of 2+hours so I got him a grilled cheese sandwich at Paradise Bakery.....it was pitifully small. I was woefully unhappy to learn that we paid $10 for a sandwich, cookie and a drink. The sandwich was the size of two business cards.2. To be such a busy hub, I think we need more folks with the motorized carts3. We are in the digital age...can we have more places to plug in and charge up? This issue becomes really obvious when flights are delayed...4. What needs to be done to have faster wi-fi? I mean really, what needs to be done? This also painfully obvious when the airport is packed and there are 1000's of us logged on trying to connect with folks through our devices.This place has come a long way...and yet still has some ways to go. But I can absolutely see HUGE improvements.
5	I love this airport. My family is in California and I fly a lot for business so I spend a lot of time here. I love the volunteer ambassadors in purple, I love the free wifi, I love all the art throughout the terminal and the art gallery in terminal 4. I haven't tried out the new restaurants yet but I love that they brought in some local favorites instead of chain restaurants. Barrio Cafe and Le Grande Orange are the most recent but I believe Humble Pie will also have a location in the airport soon. The security line is generally  busy but moves fast. I am very happy that PHX is a TSA Pre location, that will speed up the security lines even more.
3	Connecting thru PHX on the way to ANC. PHX is pretty efficient at moving you thru. I Like the upgraded water fountains that allow the easy fill of water bottles. Not too thrilled with the removal of a lot of the Starbucks and replacing with "local" coffee bars. Some of them aren't that good. pHX could use most electronic device charging stations. For a big airport, it's pretty decent.
1	Terrible airline operations, incompetent TSA.  You're better off flying in to ABQ and driving.
4	Jenni at the Southwest airlines helping my daughter and I check was fast(which I like) and very helpful. The guy checking us in at gate 11 not friendly and not very helpful.
2	Dude, you're so freaking humid. I know that my review won't change anything about this place, but pump some A/C into your vents! I swear the both times I came here, in two separate seasons, the level of humidity is too damn high! And I don't understand why the amenities and restaurants are available before going through security. If anything, +1 for free wifi that's actually pretty fast.
1	Third time a charm?Nope. Add 35 minutes to return car to a facility that is located in the next county. Half the restaurants are closed, its noon. Waiting areas can maybe seat half the people waiting to depart. Impossibly hot, winter or summer. Sky Harbor continues to disappoint and remains a bottom tier airport. Avoid if you can.
2	The signage at the airport was poor if you do a cross terminal.  In addition, I met the rudest TSA agent I have ever dealt with when asking about which terminal American Airlines was in.  It was like I was bothering him.
5	Time through TSA = no wait. Friendly people. Lots of interesting looking places to eat plus a local brewery spot. Clean too! It's funny, I usually like PDX the best, but didn't have a great experience the last time I was there, whereas PHX was super easy. The temperature is a bit stuffy, but hey it's Arizona. Getting in and out of the airport can be a little tricky, but nice airport overall.
2	The signage at the airport was poor if you do a cross terminal.  In addition, I met the rudest TSA agent I have ever dealt with when asking about which terminal American Airlines was in.  It was like I was bothering him.
4	This airport reminds me of the Denver airport. Clean, friendly, easy to navigate; check-in, security and baggage claim were quick, as was getting a taxi. You can also Uber it.
1	Worst terminal to terminal transportation in the world.....completely unsafe overloaded buses...a mgmt team that doesnt care about unsafe uncomfortable sardined packed passengers in buses....long wait times between overcrowded buses......Add some buses PHX.....your sky train thing doesnt go to each terminal.PS....and if you have a flight from terminal 2 or 3 and have to go to the east economy lot.....you have to get off the bus....trudge into terminal 4....go up a level,....amd walk a million miles to the sky train....just so they can show the feds of the high ridership......how inconvienent for travelers.....nice phx.
2	Being delayed is never pleasant but a well appointed airport could help.  Things like dining options, free wifi, charging outlets and seating areas.  All things that this airport lacks.The boarding areas are small and run into each other.  If everything is running smoothly, it's a tight fit but one small hiccup and BAAMM!  It's survival of the fittest.  Try balancing on your "22 inch suitcase while hovering over a prized outlet while you feel the heat of staring eyes who want your tiny spot.  Geesh.  Must pack spare battery.
3	It really does come down to which terminal you are flying through.Terminal 4 has been wonderfully updated.  The bar and restaurant selection continues to improve.  The big chains have been moved out and more locally known restaurants have moved in.  However, the big downside is that you need to be flying out of the A or B side of the terminal in order to get a better selection.  The sky train is also a convenient new addition over the buses when getting from the light rail or the east economy lot to terminal 4.  But it still doesn't go to the other terminals or the west economy lot.The other terminals, especially the small and nearly useless terminal 2, still have a ways to go.  Like the city it serves, Sky Harbor continues to improve but is still a massive work in progress.
4	I will only comment as a connecting passenger, so I am not sure what the check in and security areas are like. We arrived from Charlotte into Terminal 4 in the A gates. This part of the terminal was great---excellent food options like Pei Wei and it looked recently redone. Our next flight was down by the B gates to Long Beach, and this part of the terminal looked a bit more beat. Some was under construction for new restaurants, so that looked good. Other parts had standard, old food stands--not impressive. A was definitely better than B.Getting from gate to gate was pretty easy--plenty of moving walkways and the whole connecting ordeal took 10 minutes. Everything else was fine--nothing to complain about. Not a bad spot for a connection.
1	The skycap service at the east economy lot is a joke.  They won't take your bags if you get there 89 min before your flight or of you arrive at 6:00 pm on Sunday night (1 hour 45 min ) before your flight.
3	I wasn't here very long, but I was able to find some good food & drink easily!
4	Clean airport and easy to get around in.   I enjoy the free internet and food choices.   I try to connect through Phoenix if I have a choice.
4	Not a bad airport to transfer in.  Nothing to really complain about, my experiences here have been ok.  =)
3	Clean, quick airport to navigate. Lots of places to eat, grab a quick bite before a flight. Clean restrooms and seating was comfortable at the gates.
4	Phoenix is the most efficient large size airport I've been to. Security moves pretty quickly. It can be overwhelming with all the different terminals. I fly southwest mainly so I just remember that southwest is Terminal 4. There are plenty of restaurants (good ones) to choose from. My favorite coffee stop is the Peets Coffee right after security at D gates, simply because the drinks are delicious and there are plenty of lounge chairs and charging ports. There are a lack of charging ports in the D gates which is a downside for me. Also the other thing to remember is if you are renting a car, the shuttle ride to the rental car center is about 10 minutes so be prepared early so you have a little bit more extra time. With water bottle refilling stations and good eats, I don't mind layovers at Sky Harbor at all!
4	I like traveling, but don't necessarily like dealing with airports. But this one isn't too bad. I had a good 5 week stint with Sky Harbor Int as I was flying back every weekend from Texas to Phoenix for work. Food offerings were okay, security was as it should be, didn't really have any issues. *Kanye shrug*
2	UGH. Try to avoid this place if you can. The employees here are extremely RUDE! I had a reusable water bottle in my backpack and it had a half of inch of water(obviously less than 3 oz) and they made me get out of line told me they were going to throw my $20+ filtered water bottle away, they finally gave it back to me and made me go threw security all over again. WHAT?!
4	It's huge with lots of options for drinks and food.  It's updated and clean, too.Moving sidewalks and wide hallways make it easy to rush from gate to gate if you need to.  If you aren't in a rush, there are lots of spaces to buy a book or a coffee for your wait.
3	Nice staff and pretty views. I wish they had more to offer food wise in the c terminal.
1	Phucking Phoenix does it again. TSA is off on break, line about 75 people deep and 1 guy checking ID's. I'd rather take my chances with the terrorist than put up this level of coverage.
4	I feel like I gotta give Sky harbor a good review to offset the negatives.  It has definitely changed over the past year to include some of the best restaurants in Phoenix.  Most of my experience is in terminal 4.  Being able to choose from LGO, Chelseas Kitchen, Four Peaks, Blanco, Modern Burger, Barrio Cafe and Flos is awesome.  These choices really showcase the great local restaurants Phoenix has to offer.  I can see how some people are confused by the pickup and drop off procedures.  This is the only reason I am giving it four stars.  If you want to avoid that mess during the busy times I would highly recommend doing pickups and drop offs at the sky train.  There is literally zero traffic there and getting in and out is painless.  Free wifi is awesome and necessary.  Thanks for providing it.
4	We have THE best food choices of any airport
1	Gate C has to be the worst gate I have ever tried to pass through....horrible slow service and the TSA agents do not care if your handicapped or having a heart attack......they just ignore you....this gate takes the " Hurry Up and Wait " to another level.....still trying to get through the x-ray part 1 hour later.....not kidding.....I feel sorry for the First Class people who paid more money to get through the line faster....when they too have to wait....there must be about 20-30 people waiting to check into 1 st class....something seriously needs to be looked at in this airport!
2	I've had a few connections through here lately as I've had a few US Airways flights.  This airport ranks near the bottom for me, mainly due to the lack of outlets.  They've got a few of those standalone charging stations around, but every time I've gone through here, I see people playing the charger shuffle - walk around the concrete columns to see if there's an outlet, look along the walls, see someone else charging and grab a seat near them so you can take the outlet when they leave.The seating and the like feel to be very dated - this is the kind of airport design I'd have expected to see in the 90s, not today.  While some gripe about the design of Terminal 4, I'm okay with it.  I've never had trouble making connections, but it does feel like I see more people running through this airport than others.One benefit of the large distance between gates in Terminal 4 is that if you do have time to kill, there's plenty of opportunity to walk - everyone seems to stick to the people movers, so the aisle in the middle is super long - they've even branded this as the Sky Harbor Fitness Trail, and it's a little over a mile from end to end.In any case, it's not like I have too much choice about what airport I end up going through, as I tend to go for the cheapest flight the four or so times I fly a year.  I just really wish they'd upgrade the gates so the seating was more modern, and put in outlets at the seats like every other airport seems to have done . . .
3	I had a 1 hour layover here on my way from LA to Philly. Of course, I was concerned about the time because at most airports, an hour is really cutting it close to get from one terminal to the other. Luckily for me, the airport is laid out pretty well with plenty of signage, and I was able to get there in plenty of time.
5	Best airport by far with the best airport food you'll ever find -- all the local Valley favorites, including nearly all FOX restaurants make an appearance here.  Did you know that Matt's Big Breakfast is opening a spot here?  How amazing is that?  If you don't know what Matt's is, Yelp it.I find Sky Harbor to be very clean, friendly staff, great shopping to kill time, and of course, as I mentioned, ridiculously good food to make it unbeatable.  Consider yourself lucky if you have a layover in PHX as you can get 5 star food as you wait.
1	Awful place to have a layover. This airport is always overcrowded, hence, there is little seating and you'll likely find yourself squished between two strangers until your flight. To avoid the crowd, I recommend grabbing a book and finding a restaurant with bar seating to enjoy some quiet and a few drinks before boarding.
2	I travel quite often and this airport was not very impressive. The southwest gates were quite crowded and the TSA security lines were not well organized. Very inefficient with lots of bottlenecking that could easily be avoided.  Tip I received from a local: When taking a taxi from the airport to the surrounding area---do not get ripped off!! There is a $15 minimum and you should map out your route to make sure the driver is not going the long way.
4	Huge airport with many food and drink locations.
1	Horrible experience. Had plenty of time to catch my flight after checking my bags BUT TSA had only 1 person checking id's and tickets. The line was snaked around for nearly an hour and we missed our flight. It took us 12 hours to get home and we had to fly all over the country to finally arrive home safely.  The worst part of the experience, other than the no concern from TSA about their lack of proper staffing, was seeing our plane sitting at the gate and the airline wouldn't let us board because the gate was closed. Thanks again TSA .It was a ridiculous, stressful experience and if TSA were a private entity they would be bankrupt.  It's such a disgusting  feeling seeing how my tax dollars work!
3	It's OK.  A smallish airport that is pretty easy to navigate, get your bags and get out.  Relatively well air conditioned which is nice considering the conditions you're likely to face once you step OUTSIDE.  Fairly standard dining and shopping options --  about what you'd expect from a smaller metro airport.  Ample seating it appears.
3	Agree that food options are yummy. However, there is horrible crowding at the gate. Unacceptable.
4	I never have any issues at this airport.  Lines usually are short, TSA is generally quick.  This airport does a good job considering it's size, my only complaint is the amount of time it takes to get your bags.  Sometimes my flight is shorter than bag delivery.
1	Skyharbor airport terminal 2 has no restaurants or adult beverages.  Diagreement on rent caused restaurants to leave.  Make shift beer and wine are for sale as of 5 today at a bunch of tables.  Just awful care of travelers by an airport or city that obviously does not care about visitors.  Avoid this airport or terminal if possible.  We will.
4	I was dropped off at Phoenix Sky Harbor for a layover and thought it was very clean and easy to navigate. There is a good selection of restaurants, so you can choose your vice and pay an arm and a leg for the food you like best! Ha! Overall, it has the basic amenities you want. Free WIFI, good restaurant selection, friendly staff and no delayed flight for me!
3	Super super busy airport, it's chaos all around! From walking through the terminals to trying to find seating in a restaurant or gate! It's just chaotic!! They  have a moderate selection of restaurants. Mostly quick grab and goes in terminal A
2	This airport is in serious need of an update. Info kiosks/facility maps are hard to find (I assume they have them but I couldn't find one). Also, there are 2 wings per terminal which is quite confusing. One of the B terminal wings doesn't have a restaurant with a bar.
4	Reading a couple bad reviews while waiting at sky harbor and had to write a review. I don't think I ever had a bad experience here. It's always clean and the airport staff is always friendly.
5	Hands down, one of the nicest Airports in the United States.Very friendly workers, excellent parking facilities, new, well organized, and friendly.No wonder its called "America's Friendliest Airport."Phoenix Sky Harbor has great dining options, pre-flight parking, shuttle service, a great location in the middle of the metro area, an air tram, and does not have bad lines and rude TSA agents.Go Sky harbor!~
4	It's an airport, it's gets me places, and it has cool shops and restaurants. My heart is still with SFO but this airport gets the job done when you wanna get away for a little bit! :-)
3	We had a 2-3 hour layover on our way from Salt Lake to San Diego. This airport gets HOT inside! I had carry-on luggage so I changed into shorts! Cute gift shops
3	Us airways has horrible customer support. Airport is older and needs to be modernized. Their are power cords but you have to know how to find them. All that being said 3 stars for free and fast wifi.
2	To rate this airport you first have to understand the layout - there are separate terminals so depending on where you go you will have VASTLY differing experiences at each location.  That being said I mainly fly out of Terminal 2, and it is pretty awful.  My rating is based on this.  I fly in and out of Pheonix about 3-5 times a year and it is pretty consistently bad.  Terminal 2 is run down, and offers very little in the way of variety, the only redeeming quality is Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf and Wendy's were added as eateries a while back which was great to get some decent variety.  The security line is always at a snails pace and last the several times I have been through it, the smell is horrendous, a mix between bad breath and bad cheese...why?!  Why does it smell like that?!  Hopefully some updates to this sad little gate will be made soon, since terminal 3 and terminal 4 are vast improvements and step-ups from the aptly named #2.
3	Lovely airport, when you're not on a) a weekend flight and b) can allow for 3 hours to prepare, especially for Southwest flights on a & b. I've gone to and from here for ~8 years and we've never had issues until the last 1-2 years. I will admit, the shopping/culture/food scene has improved, but seems that service/prep has decreased. Southwest has consistently decreased the number of available terminals for flight check-in during their peak hours. Case in point, Sunday AM -- we waited 45minutes just to get to a check-in terminal, to be forced to run to security & wait an add'l 30 minutes. Used to be we could be at the airport and sitting in a seat at the gate in the same timeframe. Come on, Sky Harbor!
3	Phoenix Sky Harbor was a decent enough airport, not the best I've been to, and certainly not the worst.We flew by way of Spirit Air from ORD -- PHX on Saturday February 22nd.  We were delayed leaving Chicago, so late arriving at Sky Harbor.  At 1:30am, it was a lot busier than I thought it was going to be, yet none of the shops were open.  Just a lot of people around.  Maybe Phoenix has a lot of red-eye flights?Our return flight on Wednesday, February 26th (the red-eye, leaving PHX at 1:39am) was on-time, and we even pushed back from the gate early.  Again, the shops weren't open, but there were a ton of people around.The staff I did encounter was friendly, security was easy to get through, and the terminal was clean.  That's really all you can ask for.
2	I grew up in Phoenix in the 90s before it became the LA-Wannabe Hellscape it is today and this airport, which I have flown out of my entire life, is a reflection of what my old hometown has morphed into, which makes me sad and angry at the same time.Whoever thinks growth is a sign of progress just needs to go through the travel flight process here.The gate staff here are the most disorganized I have ever seen, the layout is absolutely not conducive to this airport's size, the constant gate changing makes me think whoever controls that sort of thing here is either a brain dead monkey punching random buttons w/numbers or someone who should get assistance w/their job. The security lines here are a joke and when the travel weather apocalypse that hit here a couple of days ago came through, none of the staff or services here seemed prepared. The heat in the TSA line was intolerable...and nobody seemed to care that we, the herded sheep masses, were slowly heat-stroking out.And don't even get me started on the debacle that is the shuttle pick up point in Terminal 4.   The only thing this place has going for it anymore is the free wifi and elderly volunteers in purple jackets.
4	The good: helpful airport personnel, good restaurants (esp. Terminal 4), several options for parking, easy access to terminal 4 via sky trainThe bad: VERY confusing layout to drive through. I've lived here since 2006 and still use gps plus lots of cursing to navigate into and out of the airport.
1	Terminal 2 is absolutely the worst terminal ever. It took over an hour to get through security. They were making people that were TSA approved still remove their shoes. And there are no places to eat pre security. DONT FLY OUT OF THIS TERMINAL.
4	I like fliying out of terminal 2, so easy to get trough security and the long term parking lot is so close and easy to get in and out.I love Alaska Airlines
3	It would be nice if in Terminal 4 on the C gates they had more of a food selection for those of us at the mercy of Southwest Airlines.  There is just one small bar, maybe 6 bar seats and that is it.  Overpriced boring sandwiches and that is about it.
1	Been flying in and out of this airport for the past 6 yrs.  The only positive thing about this place is that it's right off the freeway.  With that said, they have the ABSOLUTE worst check-in process at the security gate.  There's no getting around it.  You'll be in line for a solid 45 min to an hour so plan accordingly.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by how efficient and friendly this airport was!  Granted, we showed up at the United terminal a bit early, but we didn't have to wait on any sort of line to check our bags, and the attendant was very helpful.  Security was quick and painless - again, no line, and none of the typical TSA douchery.  The airport is clean and has a good selection of places to eat...nothing fancy as far as I saw, but I'm more concerned about getting on my flight than having a 5-star dining experience.  Overall, a stress-free experience that eases the pain of the multiple hours of travel I have ahead.
3	This is only my third time coming here to this airport it's pretty clean and wasn't too busy when we got here, not like LAX in Los Angeles. The only thing that I didn't like was winding down exit the parking garage, like they have in Seatac airport in Seattle other than that it is ok we will be here for a good while I will keep my eyes open for more.
3	I wish I could give half stars but alas I can't. Unfortunately I must round down to 3 stars when it comes to Phoenix airport simply because of the limited food options and size. Phoenix is easy to navigate and go from terminal to terminal. Small enough that you don't have to wait too long in security. However,  the size of their gates leaves a lot to be desired. Tiny! When you have 300 people waiting for a flight and the gate barely has enough seats for 50 there will be issues. Heaven forbid a flight is cancelled. Talk about crowded. I could barely breathe. My flight was delayed (thanks O Hare airport for cancelling some flights-per usual) and I went on the short hunt for food. Let's see...you have fast food and....fast food. Yuck. After roaming around for about 15 minutes I walked to another terminal and found a semi healthy offering. Some sandwiches and salads. However, it took another 20 minutes for a panini. Sigh. Bonus points for free wifi. Give me more food options for those times when I'm delayed and more space to stretch out at the gate and I'll give this an upgrade.
3	Never been outside of this airport, only been through here on occasions to connect to another flight. The airport itself is more on the modern side. Plenty of restaurants to choose from, clean bathrooms, and efficient walkways.
3	Nice, big international airport.  Close to Phoenix, off sight rental cars and great restaurants and amenities. Tram service because the airport is so large and spread out.  TSA lines were abnormally long and short staffed to say the least....15-20 minutes to go thru security is too long!
5	I love this airport!  It's so simple to drop-off and pick-up and there's always plenty of cell phone parking!  It's a major hub and I can easily get a non-stop to just about anywhere in the world!  Plus, it's only 15 min from my house!
3	Sky Harbor is an a-ok place. I mean it is big, the car rentals are miles away and luggage took a long time and it was just downright busy, but it's a major airport, so it is to be expected.   The good: - Lots of food options, especially before security.  - Security was smooth and didn't have huge lines- It is a big airport so you get all the big (and small) airlines- Free wi-fi The meh: - The car rentals are miles from the airport and require a shuttle - so that adds a lot of time getting your car and returning it. - It was a bit of a maze the drive around, but then again I am a tourist, maybe it is just that I don't drive it all the time.- Luggage seemed really slow, but then again, doesn't it everywhere! It was fine, but I might opt for one of the smaller regional airports to skip the car rental annoyance and traffic.
4	Phoenix Airport is getting better day by day.  I primarily use Terminal 4.  Security check points are great if staffed properly.  Terminal 4 food has done a 360 since last year, all new eateries on every concourse! So pick your poison.  I love the new Blanco's Taqueria on the low A concourse, new windows with lots of natural light coming in. The gate areas could use come updating, more power ports are needed.
1	Arrive early for terminal D - TSA lacks leadership so it's a cluster fuck!*************************************************************************************************************************Above was my check in tip.  Below is what Lacey H. sent me.  She is a TSA agent in the airport.  When you read all the reviews on the airport, seems my opinion of the TSA organization is an opinion shared by many.  Having Lacey H. say what she did makes it even more apparent at the lack of professionalism in the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport.  This is not a slam against the TSA in total, as they do a terrific job in many many airports.  This is specifically a leadership issue in Phoenix. Thanks Lacey for supporting my review!  ***********************************************************************************************************************You're Cool 3/10/2014 Photo of Lacey H.3 friends21 reviewsLacey H.Gilbert, AZSend MessageFor your tip at: Phoenix Sky Harbor International AirportI think it's really amazing and very insightful of you to notice that it is tsa that is to blame for security lines and not the disorganized idiot passengers who arrive late to the airport and expect everyone to cater to their lack of adequate planning and preparation. Amazing!
4	Love flying in and out of this airport.
2	This is a fair airport; it's old, the security moves at medium speed, the food is not very good.  As large airports go, it's just older and grosser than most.  Its poorly lit and feels "sweaty."  I would give it 1 star for the airport and 1 star for the free wifi.  It needs an update, which I think is coming, as they are collecting survey data right now to that end.  Please complete the survey an tell them to make it like MSP's new terminal!
4	Nary a stumble upon arrival.  All avenues are clearly marked.  I'd agree with the nickname of America's friendliest airport.  Everyone from security to the rental shuttle driver gets a big thumbs up.  So, arrival was smooth.  Hope departure runs the same.
3	Couple huge knocks for this airport. The car rental was literally a 15 minute bus ride (far enough way you need to add at least 30-45 minutes to your return trip to make sure you can get there in time). Other huge knock is that most of the food was outside security, which is a peeve of mine. My preference is to get thru security, get thru the headache, and then go eat and drink on the other side. Everything else here was fine. There were some comfy couches near the gate that had builtin plugs for your gear, and free wifi.
4	A fabulous airport. Eat at Chelsea's kitchen if you have a minute or get take out if you don't. TSA was pleasant, jovial and quick - how often can you say that?
4	I love the purple Blazer wearing oldsters who volunteer in the airport.  They are so helpful and sweet.  The signage is pretty good as well,  so with these two amenities is nearly impossible to get lost.  The shops are excellent and the people are generally quite nice.  It dulls the sting of having to be in Phoenix which is blazing hot,  and the antithesis of the red head weather that I need to keep my hair from bleaching to blonde and my face from shriveling up like an old boot.Another plus are the weird comedian bus drivers.  I laughed my head of at their corny old man jokes all the way to and from the rental car place.
1	I'll never be back. Arizona is bad enough enough on its own right, but this place and it's f'd up car rental system takes the cake.
3	Clean, easy to navigate, and uncrowded.  However, you should plan on LOTS of walking when switching terminals!
4	It took me a bit of traveling before I really started to appreciate this airport. Here are the finer aspects that set Sky Harbor apart from most travel hubs.+Local dining. You get a real feel for the area's cuisine. Not just with the authentic Mexican or delicious Tex Mex options, but with local pizza, and stuff like La Grande Orange. I can't tell you how many times I've seen a sea of Sbarro's/McDonald's/Starbucks and other chains as my only options. +It's near the center of the city. Most airports are at least a half hour drive outside of any significant neighborhood. That means when your destination is Phoenix, it's very easy to get around. There are even very affordable shuttle services to take you to Flagstaff/Tucson. +No matter where your gate is, you will have adequate seating, places to charge your phone, and places to shop. Of course, not everything is peachy keen. -I have had longer waits for security and baggage claim here than any other airport I've been to. -WiFi blows, but to be fair it blows at a lot of airports. Overall, the worst part about being here is the need to have some patience for getting through luggage and security. Other than that, it's a nice place!
5	I Love love love this airport! They have really made some great renovations to make this a decent layover stop. So many great new local joints here. Blanco. Olive and Ivy. Modern Burger. Dilly's Deli. Chelsea's Kitchen. Tammie & Co. Now all they need is to add a Potbelly's.
4	I travel a lot and this is definitely one of my favorite domestic airports.They have done an excellent job by replacing the standard, generic restaurants with my local favorite restaurants.  Tamie Coe baked goods!!!  Four Peaks!!!  Matt's Big Breakfast!!!Pros:  Free wifi, four separate security checkpoints in Terminal (each with a TSA pre-check lane!), very easy to get in and out, excellent food options, the lightrail finally connects from the 44th St parking garage through long term parking to here.Cons:  They are still connecting the the light rail to Terminals 3 & 2.
4	It can be clogged up like any other airport but they do have great places to eat if your willing to try new places rather than the fast food stuff also have the time.
3	C gates at terminal 4 have limited food options though there are new restaurants are being built
3	I've lived in Phoenix for the last 10 years, thus I have flown in & out of Sky Harbor multiple times or picked up friends and family. Sky Harbor is a major hub and is always busy! I think this is a much older airport than most carpeting and fixtures are outdated. However, I'm sure with the completing of the new tram shuttle line the airport will be given a make over at least this is my hope. The high points are You can reach most departure gates going through baggage claim of the arrivals side. there are 2 cell phone lots on either wing of the airport for waiting. Lastly if you're in a hurry you can maneuver through traffic by routing through the airport reaching the 51,202, 10, & 143 depending on which direction your headed to or coming from.
1	The absolute last time I will fly sky harbor. I just threw out over $100 of products that I have never once, ever, in I don't know how many years of flying, in how many airports had trouble with! I'm livid. This place is the biggest traffic jam (altering my words here) I have ever seen! I had employees telling me I needed to go to an entirely different airline and I had a straight flight - not true! Then after they convinced me I needed to check my bag in order to keep my products that I had to go all the way back and check it in. I said I have been here for 45 mins at this point, there is no way I would make it back they said if I didn't have 45 min to my flight I would have to throw all this stuff out. Then they sent me aimlessly down a hallway where I needed to lug my stuff up two flights of stairs to the most crowded crappy, dirty disorganized boarding mess I've ever seen. NOW they are saying they may need to check my bag as they have run out of room for carry ons, which they are able to do from here. The intercom system is so hard to hear then they are talking over each other so you have no clue what they are saying.  I have now paid MORE for a longer flight in an uncomfortable airport with an over booked flight!!!AND I can't imagine there is anyway we will take off in the next ELEVEN minutes since they have yet to begin boarding the plane...no one...not started...at all...ELEVEN MINUTES!Worst flight experience I've ever had - United and Sky Harbor are no longer part of my travel plans!
3	Airport is okay.  General service has been par.  Wish they had charging stations scattered throughout gate seating instead of just isolate charging stations.Food and store selections are above average.Reviewed based on Southwest terminal D.
1	If I could give my experience at this airport a zero I would. US Airways customer service is terrible!!! After my original flight (flying United) couldn't check me in for my final layover (with US Airways), they could me I couldn't get on the flight because it was boarding. I still had about 30 mins or so for it to take off. Without offering to see if I could fly with another airline or see any other options (beside booking me for the next morning flight). The rep was rude and a little snotty. These people need to take a class on customer service!
5	This is my home airport and honestly I think it is one of the best airports there are. If I had to spend hours in an airport it would be at the top of my list...it literally has the best places to eat/sit/drink/get a coffee. The best phoenix restaurants like Matts Big Breakfast, Chelsea's Kitchen, Sauce etc...best places to eat of most airports. I actually come early just to eat lol. And people are friendly, things 95% of the timemove extremely fast. Outside of long weekends/holidays I am usually from the curb to my gate within half an hour (don't try that JIC but it's true) and it's in the middle of the city so extremely easy to get to and navigate once inside. Happy travels!
5	The new restaurants in Terminal 4 and updates of the US Airways Clubs have this place looking a lot nicer! Much better than the Philadelphia hub. The sky train is an easy way to park and get to the airport. It truly is America's Friendliest Airport!
2	Probably the worst airport in terms of signage in the US. The arrivals screen doesn't state the baggage claim area. Once you exit the airport there are no signs to find a taxi. Who designed this airport??
4	Nice airport. Clean, not too big, staff are nice enough. Security doesn't take an insane amount of time, which is nice.
3	Pretty standard medium airport. We fly in and out infrequently and never hate the place, but never find ourselves wishing we flew through more often.
5	I've flown in and out of here on southwest and now delta..I've got to say that the delta terminal is amazing. Everything was perfect from TSA to even charging stations. Keep it up Sky Harbor staff was friendly! Can't wait to fly in and out of here again!
1	great airport, the Delta Terminal sucks!!! Hey Delta, how about becoming serious about your SkyHarbor customers?
3	I hated our terminal.  We were flying out of Southwest and were Gate C I believe.  There was only 1 bathroom within the whole area, and not many food options.  But I have flown out of Phoenix plenty of times and it has been better in other terminals.
2	Super Busy Airport. Every gate is packed. Food lines are off the hook. SFO is huge and I have never seen so many long lines. Need some expansion.
3	When I came here at the end of march the lines were very long and the airport seemed disorganized. Staff was nice but the airport was very backed up compared to other airports
4	As far as airports go, this one is really easy to get in and out of. Either way: Picking people up, or taking off for fun and adventure, this place is pretty convenient. No complaints here! Nothing even remotely close to the nightmares such as LAX or San Francisco Intl. This place is a piece of cake. Not sure if other airports have these cell phone lots, but this is a new con convenient deal. You park in a special lot with a giant sign that reports when all flights are either in the air or have arrived. You hang out and wait for your friends and family to arrive, THEN you start cruising the pickup area looking for your passengers.
2	Rental car facility is far from airport, dining is on the wrong side of security! It is BEFORE you go through security and nobody wants to grab a bite before you go through security because you never know how long it will take ..........you just know it will be long. One TSA person on a Sunday afternoon checking IDs, really? So stupid but they don't have to care so that's what you get. Definitely not passenger friendly.
1	This airport makes no sense and has gotten to big for its britches.  The gates layout sucks and you can't tell who is coming or going.  It is hot and there are very limited charging stations.  The TSA folks all had their Cheerios peed in and were very rude.  The rental car area while nice is a 20min bus ride.  All in all not a fan for this sometimes necessary evil airport.
5	I enjoy the eateries and the shopping. TSA can be very aggregating, but not that much more than other airports. The SkyTrain is a big upgrade to the airport and lessens the necessary traffic near the terminals. It can be boarded at the Light Rail/ outer cell phone lot and from the East Long Term Parking. Terminal 4 has nice restaurants and shops giving it the feel of a mall more than an airport.
1	This airport is a bitch to get around walking or driving. Everything is marked and the layout is horrible.
4	Holy 7 hells it is HOT in here! Pretty sure they have no air conditioning,  everyone around me is complaining how grossly hot it is in here.... I mean I know we're in a hot hot hot climate but all we can see are a few fans around to circulate the warm air...and when you have tp hike it all the way to the end of the concourse,  you get sweaty and no longer look nice when you're supposed to look decent for traveling and first class.  Down the A gates concourse,  there is a "US Airways Club" near gate A20, that if you have a membership for, I'm sure it's luxurious. I think you can purchase day passes as well, not sureThe bathrooms down this way are even more hot and stagnant,  definitely not a good mixture in a restroom... I wish the stalls were taller, and longer in the ladies room, more like Chicago O'Hare... or the newly renovated beautifully luxurious bathrooms at Minneapolis-St.Paul airport... the gaps in the stall are so creepily large that it doesn't make a lady feel very private.Also down by the A gates there is are a few choices for food, none of which I stopped to try..I think there was a pub, a fast food Asian, and one with hamburgers.. also a cute coffee place, and then you will also find a souvenirs shop with lits of little trinkets and treasures for you to buy ladt minute before you head home after your Arizonian Vacay.
4	Good airport.  Delta terminal 3 doesn't currently use the full body scanner which is nice considering I always opt out!  I wish I'd had more time to look around but the time it takes to get to the rental car area doesn't leave you much wiggle room.  The shuttles seem to be constantly running which is a plus.  I miss Phoenix already!
2	No matter how any times they tell me that this is the friendliest airport over the PA system, it still doesn't make it true..The good thing is that the security lines are short the majority of the time.
3	Heads up, the rental car terminal is 100 miles away from the airport. Not really, but it sure seems like it.
4	Just keep driving, you'll eventually find your way out of Terminal 3! Smh. I picked up a family member who needed wheelchair service. And we needed an attendant with a baggage cart. Both gentlemen were very friendly, and accomodating. Thanks Phoenix Sky  Harbor, and Delta!
1	This place just brings the rage out in me. It NEVER fails..whenever I have a layover here, my flight gets pushed back three times for an average delay of 3-4 hours...so you don't get out of there till almost 1am!! For a DOMESTIC flight! Thanks, US Airways! The food court is pretty gross, still. The staff at the Starbucks over by B15A is pretty rude and then the departure screens don't update when your gate has been changed. I usually end up extremely stressed out by the time I'm outta this hell hole. Sadly, PHX is ALWAYS the place I have to connect through to get home because US Airways seems to love torturing their guests with this location. And...for an airport in an extremely hot place, how do you not have your HVAC system working properly?!
1	For an airport that bills itself as "friendliest", it is significantly short on customer friendly signage/directories regarding food offerings across the terminals.  This lack of directory availability within each terminal leaves the customer uninformed, standing in long lines for the few choices immediately visible and creates an overall less than delightful experience.   I hope my travels don't bring me through this airport anytime soon, I know I will book accordingly to avoid it.  Customer service goes well beyond trying a staff to say "Welcome to Phoenix" and "Have a good day".
4	My layover here was pretty good! There's lots of charge stations which is cool and outlets everywhere.. A lot were in the wall so people would have to stand/sit by them but at least they have outlets available, haha.Bathrooms are clean. I was only here for about 2 1/2 hours so I was charging my phone and on it most of the time. The food places look cute but didn't personally eat any of them. It looks nice outside. That was basically my whole experience.Also it's 90 degrees outside. I came from rainy SFO with shorts and a hoodie but it's nice and air conditioned in the airport, whew?
1	If you fly from the C or D terminal, bring food or be prepared to spent plenty if very mediocre good. And bring a book because you WILL be delayed by the gross incompetence in Phoenix. From here, none if my flights have ever left on time.At least the place is clean......
5	America's friendliest airport and my home town. They do it right here and are very efficient. You'll love the restaurants. Try Cartel Coffee for the best latte in town. I also think the new Humble Pie looks amazing.
1	I plan to officially file a complaint but have to share.  Bought duty free in Cabo to bring home as a gift, tequila, wrapped and sealed.  I get through international check, customs, first transfer airline and then in Phoenix they take the bottle.  I as why and they say it is a hazmat threat.  Are you kidding me, someone just wanted to go drinking that night.  I said how can it make it through customs into the US from Mexico without a problem and suddenly it could be a weapon of mass destruction.  No one could believe it.  I asked Supervisor Fisher what he was going to do with the bottle and he said put it in the OFFICIAL HAZMAT CONTAINMENT UNIT.  That ended up being a 2 foot by 2 foot safe.  Do they not know how stupid they look when they pull stunts like this,  REALLY
4	As far as airports go, this one is clean, easy to navigate and has up-to-date facilities with plenty of things to do if you arrive early and need to kill time. There are decent shops, restaurants, and places where you can sit comfortably. A few charging stations can be found throughout.Depending on which side of the airport you are on will determine what you are able to find as far as shops and such. Each terminal has a different variety of things to offer, so it's hard to say that you can enjoy Starbucks while you wait, if you are in a terminal that doesn't offer that option.  Security is relatively easy to get through if you listen ahead and see what all the rules are and prep before it's your turn to head through. We went through on one visit and didn't have to remove our shoes, and on another visit we did, so just be sure to listen up for what they are looking for when you go.Overall: AFriendly, clean, places to kill time and a variety of options. Decent airport!
3	Not nearly as bad as Ohare Airport but not as good as Mesa Gateway.
1	One security line open. ONE. Line is wrapped around the tape 3 times. Unacceptable and completely ridiculous. I guess they don't want anyone to leave, which makes sense given it's beautiful here.
4	Beautiful & Hella Crowded!  But Wait!  Now With FREE WiFi!SITREPI did NOT want to be here.  I kept wondering, "Where is Mr. Rogers?  This is NOT my neighborhood!!!"THE SETUPI was on a Spokane to Sacramento trip...BY WAY OF FUC'n PHOENIX!  "Way to add 5 hours to a 2 hour flight, SouthWest!"  But it's kinda hard to blame the lovely Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport that turn of events.[And in the end, it was even hard to get angry at SouthWest since they DID have the courtesy to take us right smack over the top of the Grand Canyon - a sight I'd never seen before - so THAT in itself was an ironic treat.  "Hey Mom!  Yeah, I know I was going to Sacramento, BUT guess what?  I saw the Grand Canyon too!"  Now THAT doesn't happen every day.]AIRPORT METRICSSky Harbor is such a beautiful, large airport, with lots of different terminals, lots of different automatic walkways, and - get this - LOTS of Laptop Bar & Stool set-ups.  During my 2 1/2 hour layover, where I also switched planes, I got to charge my laptop, my camera, my iPhone, and my external battery charger:  I was set!WIFIFree!  That's all I need to say!  I was able to connect quickly and upload all of those pictures I had just taken of the grand canyon to Flickr, Yelp and Facebook.  I also did some blogging to boot.IN SUMI have no idea what the traffic was like to get to the airport... since I landed there.I have no idea what the parking situation was like at the airport... since I landed there.I have no idea what the TSA Checkpoint situation is like at this airport since....yeah, you guessed it, I LANDED there.But you know what?  As a guest of the airport who galavorted from one terminal to another terminal as a transfer to catch my next flight, it was not a bad deal.THE LOWDOWNThe Sky Harbor Airport makes for a beautiful day in the neighborhood.
4	I'm sure it's a lot smaller than LAX yet it seems more complicated to navigate. As soon as I got to the airport around 9pm all the shops were closed. When I returned for my return flight around 6 or so, all the shops with snacks were closed. Only thing open was fast food and fancy restaurants. I just wanted BBQ chips and a soda. Oh well. Other than that, it's fairly clean. No sirens going off like at LAX (will review later). I asked for directions and the employees were helpful. Can't complain.
4	Phoenix Airport is fairly clean, not has busy has LAX or Ohare, have access to free wifi and the staff where very friendly and helpful.
3	The problem with most airports: not addressing the needs of its customers. Usually, we need to check in early that we end up waiting around for the boarding and departure. What do most travelers these days do? They use their smart phones or tablets/iPads to entertain themselves while waiting. What do most airports lack? Charging stations! Instead, those of us who are using these devices end up fighting over the coveted spaces that have been equipped with charging stations. I've noticed that some of the seats have outlets built in along the bottom of the chairs. Why can't more of these updated seats be added to the airports? Not everyone needs a small workspace area as I've noticed in some airports. Instead, we just need the ability to charge our devices while we entertain ourselves or work during the waiting period for our departure. Until I see an airport that does address these needs, I can't issue anything above a 3 star rating.As for the facilities, it looks like they've tried to bring in more restaurants with a modern look and feel. The restaurant areas look significantly better than the walkways and seating areas.
4	If Arizona is your destination, then most likely you'll be coming through this beautiful airport!Though I can't comment on the parking as I came through here and opted for a rental, I have to say this airport is spacious though it doesn't look as busy as when I went through O'Hare.  If you're doing a rental, be sure when you collect your baggage, you exit the doors and take a roomy, air-conditioned shuttle for a 5-10 minute ride to the rental building which is a couple miles away from the airport but as I said, not too far.Staff at the airport are friendly and always willing to help or answer a question if you have any.  There's ample signs on where to go for check in, luggage, or rental cars.  The airport is clean including the bathrooms.  WiFi is offered for free and the signal is really good.My only gripe with the airport is the lack of eating/fast-food shops like Starbucks, Dunkin' Donuts, McDonald's, Burger King, etc. at least for the gates that I came in or departed from. (-1)Definitely love this airport and looking forward to making it a part of my future travel plans!
4	Easy to get around. There are many services and restaurant available to people with long layover. Security never takes a long time. It is clean. Most of the gate areas have  charging stations.
3	I passed through, so cant comment on parking and everything else. Saw some posts about it being complicating to navigate through, I found it fairly easily to find the concourse my gate was in. Still gave it three stars because a lack of adequate plug outlets. They have small tiny charge stations with two plugs and 4 usb ports per side, but I'm not going to leave my phone or laptop with a stranger while I'm peeking over them.Rule of thumb I learned over my past few trips, have an outlet strip in your carry on.
3	I have never really had any issues with Sky Harbor. The inside and outside is always noticeably clean. the staff have always been helpful and I am able to get in and out as needed.The only gripe I have is, for the un-initiated, the Rental Care center is a maze to say the least, when returning your car. Getting your car is a breeze, the staff at the rental car center are top notch, I just felt like I needed a magic compass to get my car returned.
3	I'm not sure if the security area is under construction or if it is always as screwed up as it was the day we were here.  What a mess, none of the employees could figure out how to get people through the line.The rest of the airport is ok.  There aren't a ton of food options if you are flying during dinner hours but there are a few places to grab something on the run.
4	Flew out from here in Phoenix to San Jose Mineta, though Sky Harbor tends to feel a bit small and undone to other airports like SFO or Oakland it's not that bad.It's clean and cool, which is pretty much all I can ask for with the heat in AZ. The bathrooms are clean, there plenty of places to grab some food and "Arizona" souvenirs. The TSA here is pretty friendly and got me through security with ease, while making me feel safe.The only cons was that the car rental building is pretty far from the airport, there isn't much access to outlets or charging stations and Wifi was difficult to connect to here. Other than that, the airport is great but could be greater with some small changes.
5	This airport is always easy to navigate through. Lots off good restaurants to choose from. Very efficient & well maintained!
4	Great house burger! Server - Jennifer- was Awesome!! A little pricey for AZ. Also, I didn't appreciate the F-Bombs coming from the kitchen area as it got closer to 8pm and they were cleaning up.
4	Love this airport.  Even at night, it's busy, don't be fooled.  Also dress for it, at 11PM it's 99 degrees still. Terminal 4 isn't busy, but the others will be due to red eyes east.If you need a ride, no family or friends will come out, find the people in blue at Super Shuttle.  Awesome and reasonable! Welcome to PHX!
1	This is based on service/TSA.  Stupidest employees ever!  We asked information if there was a starbucks by gates A and she said yes and there is none. Glad they have an information desk.  They have a line allocator at the security check who puts everyone in one line and leaves 3 other lines with nobody in them.  Then they opened a new xray machine. Awesome right?  No!  They opened the new xray machine in a line with nobody waiting in it and that the long line cant get to. So the scanner was just sitting waiting for anyone to come by.I hate this airport!
4	Having been stuck here many times, once with a baby for 5 hours I can say it's not a bad airport to be stuck in!
4	Love this airport, very clean and fast security lines. Make sure to check out Blanco for your pre-flight beverage.
5	This is my favorite airport.  Perhaps I am biased and maybe my familiarity lends to the fact that I think it is easily navigated.  Each area is clearly marked with clear directions to each area.  The fact that it has free wifi is also a major reason I like it so much.
4	This is a pretty large airport. The SkyTram is awesome and very convenient. It connects to the Phoenix light rail, which makes it easy to get to Downtown. It is more than just a typical tram. It is great for viewing the airport and fun to ride. There's a ton of different dining options. It is very likely that you will find whatever you are craving here. There are plenty of signs to navigate you around. Overall, it is a fairly easy airport to get in and out of.
4	I flew from Reno to Las Vegas via US Airways and had layovers in Phoenix for nearly two and a half hours both times. I remained in the same terminal I landed in, and I got a lot of walking in to see what was around me. I didn't take the tram or anything. There are a lot of dining options like people say on Yelp. Also, I got to meet some people on my flight from Phoenix back to Reno, so the slogan about a friendly airport is true.The only inconvenience that I see is that if you are going from US Airways to Southwest in the same terminal, there is only one pedestrian bridge going from US Airways gates A and B to Southwest's gates. The good news is that I saw electric carts with passenger benches that were giving people rides, so I would take advantage of that if your layover is very short.
3	My main gripes about this Airport are many fold:If you are renting a car after arrival, you need to catch a bus to get to the car rental area, 6 miles away.  Once you arrive there, you will be hit with an airport surcharge fee for car rentals at the airport, even though you had to get a bus to get 6 miles from the airport!  If you are renting a car to go to the Grand Canyon, you must drive completely through the city and suburbs, as the Grand Canyon is on the opposite side of the city, compared to the airport.  You'll have to make that drive twice, a second time to return the car -not a fun drive in the afternoon rush hour, with road signs directing you to the airport, not the car rental!If you are going on the light rail system to downtown Phoenix, you will also have to catch a bus to get to the nearest light rail system stop on the very edge of the airport, but not within walking distance.  Undoubtably the taxi companies vetoed any light rail stop in the center of the airport, so they won't lose business!If you are returning a car, and taking a taxi to downtown, you have to return the car to the car rental area, take a bus 6 miles to the airport, and then catch a taxi to downtown.  No taxis at the car rental area!   On the positive side, the airport is only about 7 miles and a $22 cab ride from downtown Phoenix.  I don't know why they have the word 'harbor' in the name of the airport, as the ocean and harbor is at least 400 miles away.  They should have named it Desert International Airport.   It is what it is!
1	The women checking boarding passes at terminal 4 on Wednesday morning was so RUDE!!!!! She did not smile or say hello when I approached her.  She just said "scan it" referring to my boarding pass on my phone. She grabed my id looked at it and handed it back then said "ok" dismissing me. Not a great way to start a trip! This is not the first bad experience I have had at this terminal so I am noticing a common theme, poor customer service.
5	i love this airport.  Was here for 3 hours waiting for a connecting flight few years ago.  They have shuttle service running throughout each terminals.  A lot of open space but many food and stores.  Also checkpoint was a breeze.
1	The international airport in Phoenix sucks balls! All of the employees are rude and don't care if you have a problem, as for U.S airways, they screw up you seating on purpose to try to get you to pay for better seating.
4	I use this airport 3-4 times a year, I'm happy with it. I always park in economy and use airport shuttle to get to my terminal. $9 a day is ok with me, it's easy to get in and out without too much fuss. There is a shuttle that circles both the long term parking for East and West Economy that will cycle around all the terminals; don't use these if you are at all in a hurry because you will find that the path they take, must be derived from some calculation from corporate offices and one of basic simplicity. Just yesterday we were picked up, and rather that drive to the parking lot next to the terminal, West economy where we were parked, they drove past the entrance to West economy parking and away towards the next terminal; since it was going to take 20 minutes to loop around to our stop or longer, we got off and walked to the car. So if your trip is over, hop on the tram, enjoy the A/C and relax until your at your row in parking. If I were alone I would have stayed put.There are times when I have 9am flights that the security is consistently at it's slowest going to California, to the point where I'm at a panic. However, since I know that's about a 30% likely and I've never missed a flight it's a minor gripe  in an overall successful process. I always get to the airport an hour early, so take that in mind if you don't. There have been 2-3 times at TSA where we are all in a panic wondering if we can remain civil to the process any longer. I don't know how many times the TSA end of the line steward will yell out, to go to another terminal C TSA for NO waiting. Man, if those employees aren't busy then move them over here!The post TSA food choices are OK, nothing that exciting;  Wendy's, Subway and Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf. Since i'm usually taking morning flights I'll always grab something from Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf as my post TSA survival treat. The airport and parking is always clean and the staff have always been very courteous and professional.
4	Pretty nice airport.  I like how the terminals are set up and all connected.  The area by my gate was really crowded and didn't seem to have enough seating, but everything else was good.  And I love the views of the desert mountains from the terminal.
4	Generally nice airport to fly in and out of. Only issues are the immense size of it, honestly from check in/checking bags to TSA and then on to your gate can take almost 20 minutes walking alone, and then you have to add TSA time. Sometimes they're rather efficient, but sometimes they only have one lane open for a huge line of people. Hit or miss with them. Apart from the walking and the TSA time, the airport is really nice. Very clean and well maintained, lots of amenities inside as well. Baggage claim is also a huge area, and, likely due to the sheer size of the airport, it takes a while for baggage compared to other airports.
2	Traffic wise, the absolute hardest airport to navigate. Good shops, good food stops, but don't get flipped when being dropped off or you'll miss your flight.
2	I hate this airport. In many, many ways. Parking is the devil...picking up people is awful..getting stuck in that never ending loop of hell that goes around and around the airport is awful...I dread having to come here. If you use it as a connection, it's fine...but getting dropped off or picked up is not.I was picking up a child- the father went in, a staff member gave me complimentary 30 min. parking for a lot...drove to the lot, got lost on the way...tried to get out and the pass was void. Has a massive line behind me trying to get out..had to jump out of my car to get an attendant who told me I was doing it wrong (I wasn't)...very embarrassing. She had to override the system...Went to a cell-phone lot where you can't leave your car..the flight was delayed and I really had to use the restroom-I asked security if I could leave my car and to please please not ticket me- he said he has no control over that! haha great. Finally went back to pick up my friend...had to push through three lanes or almost stand-still cars to get to the curb..all in a lifted truck. Awesome time!
3	This review is for making connections, as I've never used this airport as my arrival/departure point. But this airport is huge!! Do not book tight connections through here, unless you are positive that you are in the same concourse and that gates won't change (which you will never predict). Takes a good 15-20 minutes walking to get from one end to the other, which is usually not a problem, but again, don't make tight connections through here. I don't feel like PHX has too much of a personality. Busy and hectic, yes, but compared to other west coast airports like lets say San Diego or San Francisco, this one is very no-frills. Food options are there, but nothing that really stands out.
3	Free wifi, a decide layout, and smooth security lines.  Yup, there are a few positives worth highlighting at Sky Harbor.  They also had rental car locations organized fairly well with easy access shuttles to get you there.  On the flip side, I wasn't really impressed with the food offerings.  I'm not overly picky, but if the airport food isn't any better than the in flight food, then you might have a problem.  However, overall more pros than cons.
4	I love the shops, cafes, and layout of this airport. The gates aren't far from the baggage claim. The only kind of inconvient thing is that the car rental vendors are off site. You have to take a 10 minute shuttle ride to the rental car place. The airport feels shiny and new. The shuttle bus drivers are so helpful. They always help me lift my bags on and off the shuttle. You must try cartel coffee if you get the chance. It's a local coffee chain that has a location in the airport.
1	This airport is garbage on so many levels.  You can show up here 2 hours early and miss your flight.  Not just you, like your whole plane full.  It's a joke.  Seriously, many PHX folks drive to Tucson.  That's 5 star airport.
4	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge #157 - #365We had a layover at Phoenix Harbor Airport from Toronto, CA and just by looking at the city of Phoenix from the plane. I'm glad to not live in a desolate city. I'd pretty much rather live in Las Vegas where there's more to do.But anyways, the airport is about the same size as Ontario International in California. Needs a it of updates here and there and the carpet has an odd smell to it. Staff here are always on the move and greatly assist you to your next destination.
4	As a frequent traveler, I've had the pleasure of visiting dozens of airports. I'm a fan of this airport for the following:1) Phoenix Sky Harbor is easy to navigate, but be prepared to walk if you have a transfer or have to go to a different lettered gate. (A,B,C,D)2) The moving walkways are always in service.3) It's clean!4) Restrooms are abundant and easy to locate.5) Food options are decent, but not as plentiful as in other airports.Amenities and food choices could be improved upon. But overall, this airport deserves an extra star for the upkeep and friendly staffers.
4	I've flown out of here and had layovers. For layovers: Usually the airport is easy to navigate with food options clustered near the gates. I've had less than 45 minutes of a layover and still managed to make my connection with a quick wait through a food line. Flying out of here can be a bit more hectic. Getting through security is about average compared to other airports but this airport has a ton of flight delays. I'm not sure why this happens more when I'm visiting Phoenix versus just in for a quick layover. The airport is easy to get to with plenty of public transportation options. However, parking here can be a hassle, so it's easier to just get dropped off.
4	This airport is getting much better! Many, many choices (Einsteins, Joe's on the way, Cinnabon, Starbucks...) as far as where to grab a quick bite. Lots of places to charge your phone while you wait. Overall my experience with staff has been friendly (other than missing a flight on Mothers Day because of the ridiculous TSA line). And the filtered water at the drinking fountains is a huge perk in my book as well!
4	Terminal 4 is the best!  Yummy food is abundant when you have downtime.Check out the priority club in terminal 2, also.  It's okay to wear jeans and a t-shirt here (it is Phoenix after all).Try to ignore the often grouchy TSA and check-in staff.
5	going thru customs was SUPER easy! Great food in the terminal as I waited for my connecting flight, sweet people. clean [but dated] airport. great job, Pheonix!
1	It has become the airlines that cater to dogs better than they do people. I have severe allergies to pets.  I don't mind changing my flight for a real service animal but it has become a fad to get a small dog and call it a service animal. Every month I take a flight and every month it have to change my flights due to "service animals" on the plane. People with pets are not required to inform the airlines in advance that they will be traveling with pets. So I end up being delayed (24 hours so far this time), Every flight today had pets. It triggers inflammation in my airways. It's not a matter of sneezing. When I book my flight I inform them that I need a wheelchair to get to the gate, why can't people inform the airlines when traveling with pets. We are crammed in like cattle and now we people have to share the air and small space with animals.
1	Had I written this review three years ago, I would have given Sky Harbor 4-5 stars.  But now?  Not so much.  Something has happened with airline routes because no matter when you fly through here, it's ridiculously crowded.  It now reminds me of Dulles or Newark when I make my way through the mass of people.  It's too bad, because this used to be a pretty nice airport.  Flying here?  Prepare for frustration!
3	I've flown in and out of Sky Harbor many times. It's a pretty well laid out airport, and making connectors is pretty much a snap because of the super fast people movers that wisp you away to this and that gate area. I was there not too long ago and had an early morning 1.5 hour layover. Ate at a typical Tex-Mex place that served chorizo and scrambled eggs. Quite tasty and I like how they mix in plenty of restaurants around the gate areas. It's a big and busy airport, but navigating it is very straight forward. If I'm heading out West, this is an airport that I don't mind hanging in if I have to have a layover. It features free wi-fi that seemed to work wherever I went. The airport and it's bathrooms are very clean and well maintained. A word to the wise: if you are running a low battery on your electronic devices, you're better off sitting down at a restaurant and trying to find a wall outlet to mooch power from than you are trying to find an available outlet at the gate area. They are few and far between at the gates and you can almost rest assured someone has beaten you to the punch in using it. So I usually go into a restaurant, scope out an outlet near a table or a booth, sit down and use that. Of course, just to be courteous, I'll order something to eat to make it fair. I haven't had to go through the TSA checkpoint since I only land there to connect elsewhere, so I can't comment on that fun experience.
4	Great airport deco shops and food . Easy to find your way too.. Covered parking is no problem
3	I paid for precheck, but apparently you have to get here at the right time. Only works 75%. So, had to wait in line and dig out my liquids and laptop. They let me keep my shoes on. The precheck line was closed today, even though there were about 15 of them seemingly unoccupied. This review may result in more thorough checks from now on. NSA / TSA. Paranoid.
4	This is one of the better airports for business travel that I've been to.  I like that they have dashes of historical memorabilia throughout the airport. Appreciate that they have people movers. You get in, you get out, no serious issues.Can't give 5 stars to any airport without abundant napping pods, of course.
3	A small, but nice airport, except when it comes to the USAIR wing, A17 - 30, where I was at.  At one end, you had modern conviences like charging stations, but at the end where i was, A29, you had very few plugs. Very few places to charge anything. They are currently renovating the restrooms, so that's a plus. Soon you won't have to trek all the way to the end to use the toilet, you'll have a modern convenience down at the butt end, so that's a plus.
4	Friendly staff, clean and typically pretty quick security lines. They are making an intentional effort to have only local restaurants (at least in terminal 4) and prices are the same as they are outside of the airport. Shame it's my home airport because I'd be thrilled to eat at these restaurants.
3	Sky harbor in general is good but terminal 2- not much of anything. Limited restaurants and only few flights that fly out there. If you coming to terminal 2, then plan on not waiting out here too long.
4	A nice airport that gets you in and out quick.  It is easy to get around in this airport without getting lost.
3	I love AZ (I'm a native), but this is not my favorite airport. The positives: modern, selection of restaurants (before you pass security), lots of places to shop. They have navigators to help travelers know where to go. They also have helpers (for tips) to assist you in carrying your luggage. Not every airport has these helpful folks. Great if you're healing up from an injury or are disabled (why do I know this?)The negatives: Hoofing it from one concourse to another for flight connections (at least they have those people-moving carts that get you there fast). TSA pre-check is frequently closed here. In some concourses, not much to choose from for eating. Not enough charging stations in any gate I have flown out of. They could improve the cleanliness a bit.
2	It's a reasonably well laid out airport, and you can take off.  You can land.  You can come and you can go.  It works.But you'd better speak ENGLISH.  It's shocking that in an "International" major city airport ALL signs and announcements are in English only -- coming into the airport, parking, on the SkyTrain, in the terminals, at the gates.  Is this Phoenix's way of letting foreigners know they really are not welcome in Arizona?  I felt so sorry for many very lost, confused, foreign visitors I saw trying to find their way around. Shame on you, Phoenix! "The world's friendliest airport?"  I don't think so.
4	I traveled thru this airport quite a bit. It's a nice small airport and it's efficient. I never had to wait and this is probably one of the friendliest airports I have experienced. The TSA & Airport employees are generally friendly. It caught me off guard when the TSA welcomes you with a friendly attitude instead of shouting orders at you like at other bigger international airports. I generally don't have a problem. Some terminals don't have a 24/7 food service available. One time I got at the airport around 9pm or so and no restaurants were open, which sucked. I had to resort to buying 2 bags of chips. bleh. But other than that I don't mind this airport at all.
3	I've been pretty happy with Sky Harbor.  Terminal 2 is the older, small terminal.  It's smaller and there's not a lot of options for food.  It is nice for people who don't like a lot of big crowds though.  I flew out of there early one morning and saw about 10 people.  That was niceTerminal 4 has the best selection for food, but it's the busiest and most crowded terminal.  Overall it's fine.  It could be better, but it gets me where I want to go.
2	Pathetic... one bathroom for for gates B1-14. Been to third world airports that are better!
1	I've been to better county airports. Every time I come here it's another experience to forget. I remember almost missing a flight because I stood In line for Delta, I was pulled out of line (the front) to use a kiosk by an employee, I then had to get back in line (The back) to check in my bag.That's why I was in line morons! I know how to self check in....   The only airport I've ever been to where I had to wait over 30 minutes to use the men's restroom.   One thing after another.
4	Traveling through Phoenix Sky Harbor has been one of the best airports I have visited in the US. The airport is very clean, the staff members friendly, there are great food options throughout the airport, and going through security is never a hassle.Lets face it, no one likes going to the airport, but throughout all of my visits to Sky Harbor I have always had a pleasurable experience. The airport is located very close to downtown and only takes minutes to get to. Since it is so close it is not a hassle for friends to do a quick drop-off or pick-up from the airport. Additionally, a cab fare does not cost very much to get there and if cabs are out of your price range then you can always take the Light Rail to the 44th St. stop. From that stop that Sky Rail takes you straight to your terminal (T5 coming in 2015). I love the location of Sky Harbor and how easy it is to get there.My favorite part about SH has to be the short wait times at security. Only once have I ever had to wait more than 15 minutes to make it through the entire line. These TSA agents mean business and do their jobs very efficiently. For those with worse luck than me or less patients I would recommend getting TSA Pre-Check approval. This allows you to cut the majority of the line while going through security. Another perk is that you do not have to remove and items from your bag (including laptops, liquids) and you do not have to remove your shoes, belts, or jackets. It is the BEST! If you apply and are approved it is good for 5 years. The app is $85 and you give them permission to do a background cheek and finger printing.The only reason will not give SH the full five star rating is because I have visited some pretty extravagant airports before in the Middle East that made me realize that most airports in the US are missing a cultural and artistic value. SH does have a number of great artist that have contributed to its design but nothing that was breath taking like I have seen elsewhere.Great airport! Four stars!
1	One star for the free Wi-Fi.Worst airport that I have to travel too:1.  Takes for ever to get you bag.  Took over one hour AND we had no idea what carousel our flights bags were coming out on.  1, than 3, than back to one.  2. Going through security is a complete joke, especially if you are flying out of B.  One long line, 1 lane open, and their answer to solve the problem?  Letting us know we could go through C.  Took one hour to get through security.3.  Terminal B is to crowded (especially, Gates 10-14).  All flights arrive around the same time, and depart around the same time.  Creates so much confusion, that adds stress to the experience.Did I say they have free Wi-Fi?
4	fast check in....local eateries....quick security lines....clean bathrooms....flying somewhere fun....what's not to love?!
5	Our flight was on time! That right there is enough to give any airport at least 3 stars. On top of that, we ran into no problems with anything! Even the TSA agents were friendly, which is totally unusual yet very much appreciated! There's not much as far as food is concerned if you go in the morning; make sure you aren't even the slightest bit hungry before going because there's nothing really to eat. Both my dog and I had a positive experience. Way to go, Phoenix!
4	Landed here for what was meant to be a short layover, but instead had the opportunity to experience the Airport for 4 hours.  Each concourse had a the usual variety of snack shops/news stands and eateries.  These included the staple McDonalds and Wendy's but also a Pei Wei, La Madeline, and others. As we walked the terminals we saw a variety of employees, security, janitorial, and airline personnel in action.  All were pleasant and helpful to the passengers.
3	The car rental pickup is a bit of a distance away from the terminal. You'll need to hop on a bus for 10 minutes to get there which makes car rental returns a bit time consuming. The terminal and car rental areas are always busy and very clean. Staff was friendly in helping with bags. Our flight had to wait more then 10 minutes for the luggage to arrive.
5	I've flown in and out of this airport a few times now to and from San Jose Mineta and it's one of the easiest places to navigate especially for someone like me who is not very good at direction.  They've got employees spread throughout the baggage claim area as well who can tell you where to go just in case you get lost.  When my friend Lindsay asked me if I was exiting North or South of the baggage claim area, I walked straight to the employee who was clearly there just for me.  She happily set me straight so that I knew which exit was South.  Bingo.  I was all set to greet AZ and have an awesome weekend with friends.
2	Pros: 1. Helpful people are in the busy parts of the airport2. Above average food, coffee, and souvenir selections3. Despite having to go through security just to connect to another flight, it was run efficiently and humanely Cons: 1. There are multiple terminals- how one is supposed to know that when connecting is unclear2. Connecting flight gate information is not displayed if it's outside the terminal you are currently in(!)3. Scant if any assistance in the outer, more neglected terminals4. Necessary to walk long distances outdoors to a bus to get you across airport5. You have to go through security again if your connecting flight is in another terminal (!)
4	This is a bustling airport so be prepared to move quickly when necessary. Baggage claim was easy peasy, check-in on return was a breeze and security flew by also. The gate that I left from was stacked with people so find a nice spot to sit until pre-boarding and don't move otherwise someone will steal your seat and you'll be standing or sitting at a gate further away.The restaurants in the area of C3 looked inviting and they had some tasty offerings, above and beyond what I'm used to seeing in Detroit anyway. Sandwiches, pizzas and taquitos if memory serves me....just a few nice options while you're waiting.
4	Dropped off my cousin here for their flight to California. The parking is not a hassle and a lot of things has changed since I remembered back in high school. Everything was under construction, caution tape everywhere, and just looked unappealing. Taking the time to actually tour around the place it is pretty nice and impressive. You got a variety of stores, lounging areas, and of course the restaurants. Very nice because it is still improving and still building more restaurants there. The baggage and check in stations are very easy to do and don't need much help. That is a big part for me because airports can be very busy so the less time checking in the better. So, overall, I'd have to say even though I haven't been to a lot of airports Sky Harbor by far has to be one of the best in categories ranging from being clean, exceptional service, and having a variety of stores/restaurants.
2	Not a fan of this airport for one reason. There are very few ways to charge anything. Lots of chairs but no outlets. Not sure how such a busy airport can have such few options. Security was also a little strange I had pre-check which got me into a different line but then we just merged with everyone else. How does so much of the general public qualify for the pre-check line. It's not as bad as Midways system but it's up there.  Also I know it's 120 outside but does it have to be 90 on the inside?
3	I was in this airport for a long time on a layover, because my Southwest flight got delayed 3 hours.  I can't comment on the TSA checkpoints or the baggage cliam area. We were around terminal D on a Saturday evening, when all of a sudden most restaurants and stores started closing at 6. SIX PM, are you kidding me?  It's a huge airport and they close early on Saturdays.The food choices aren't terrible, the cafe "La Grande Orange" did stay open past 6 with salad, sandwiches, pizzas and burger choices.  The terminals are spacious and somewhat clean.  There are limited areas where you can connect your phone or laptop, as opposed to other major or even smaller airports.The bathrooms are clean and smell clean which I think is important for women. I would give this airport 3 1/2 stars overall, but I'll round down.
4	For me, it's a layover stop. Southwest stops on the way to SF or LA... What I appreciate about airports is the coffee, healthy options and ease of use. I can't talk. About TSA, but they have great healthy options (nice salads just order dressing and cheese on the side) at the Paradise Bakery & Cafe. You can also get good Mexican @ the place next to it. (C terminal). Good seats - the plush lounger type with the plugs at every seat. Not all have them but there are some. But I like to be a rockstar and carry my own power strip when I travel (which is too often) and make friends and fans wherever I go.
4	Sky Harbor is one of the most user-friendly airports I've been to.  For an international airport that's located in the 6th largest city in the U.S., it handles all the passengers pretty well.  My bias aside (Arizona resident), I really like the ease and amenities it offers.  Free wi-fi is one of the amenities and I feel it should be offered free at every airport.
3	For frequent delays out of this airport, at least they have decent food to keep you satiated and decent air conditioning by the gates to keep you cool and protected from the dry desert elements. I always find nice golf shirts for my dad here and interesting southwest art to peruse during the wait. There is some pottery that is made in extreme heat conditions as well as typical Oaxacan figurines that are very affordably priced. Airport monitors here are small and outdated, but they do the job they're meant to do. The trek between the C gates and D gates is relatively painless - just a few moving walkways to move you between the two wings. If you're a female in yoga pants and runners, you may feel underdressed next to fabulous looking women, who are tan and perfectly done up like they're off to the country club or an LA hotspot. Although I dislike the landings and takeoffs from this airport, it is really hard to avoid transfers through here on Southwest. At least the time on the ground is pleasant here.
5	I travel all over the country on business and Sky Harbor is positively the best. So many restraints and bars that all will be happy. Prices are good on food and drink too. Free wifi is fast and there are charging stations everywhere.
5	YES!!!!! A 5 Star Airport! Super organized and clean, and everyone there seemed so happy to be working......Even the TSA! Shocker right? Looking forward to traveling through this Airport a lot in the future!
3	If you enjoy leaving the heat or driving around in circles waiting for someone crazy enough to fly into the heat, this is the place for you...That's really all I can say about this place.
2	The last time I flew through PHX was the day that America West was doing their Y2K compatibility testing of their flight sensitive systems back in 1999. I remember it like it was yesterday. I sat at PHX for over 8 hours while I waited for my flight to ABQ, and then drove close to 3 hours to Gallup, New Mexico. Imagine my frustration when I realized, had I consulted a map, I could have driven to Gallup in much less time, thereby avoiding several hours of airport appreciation. PHX, I've purposely avoided you for 15 years because of this, but today was a day to let bygones be bygones.I needed to get somewhere, and the connection that made the most sense was through Phoenix. I flew in and had about an hour to walk around while I waited on my next flight, and made peace with the airport. First, it's been remodeled. Yeah, I know what your thinking, and you're right. It has been 15 years since I was here last and I would hope they would have done something since then. They have, and I was pleased. I also liked the carpet.. If you look close enough, there are little airplanes in the design. Subtle, but if you stare at the floor when your walking like I do, you'll notice it. I didn't see a Starbucks, which I desperately needed after catching a 6am flight from the eastern time zone, so I settled for a diet coke and found a comfortable seat to watch CNN from while I waited on my flight. Most of the restaurants I came across seemed to be local or regional places; I didn't recognize too many of the names, and they all seemed to have something to do with Mexican food. I really could have used a Starbucks. America West no longer exists, we aren't preparing for certain doom like we were in 1999 before the new millennium, and I didn't check any bags. All three of these contributed to my positive experience in Phoenix. PHX airport, I'm pleased we had another encounter. All is forgiven. Now, if only it were that easy to forgive Ex's...
5	I've been to many airports in my time and would have to say this is my home and favorite. It really embodies the beauty of Arizona. Plus all the new favorite local restaurants are plugged in here LoLo's, Jose Cuervo Restaurant (my fav) and  more. Thanks guys, I always look forward coming home. Cheers!
2	This airport is horrible. One bathroom for females in a wing of the terminal.  Fail.One coffee place with only two people manning the shop (which equaled to 20+ people deep waiting for a coffee).  Fail. Aisle ways so small and crowded that trying to walk / navigate thru the terminal.  Fail. Fortunately this was only a connecting airport (en route to DCA) and not one that I have to put up with daily.
2	Airport is showing its age...maybe I am biased as ATL is my home airport, but Skyharbor leaves a lot to be desired.
5	What's not to like! At 4:15 a.m. the roads are quiet, the lines are short and the sun is almost always shining. This airport serves the area well and is easy to get to from almost all of the valley. If you need coffee, your craving can be satiated in every terminal, but if you must have Starbucks, head for terminal three. The waiting areas are spacious and there are enough seats if you get there early enough. You can even get a direct flight to London's Heathrow Airport. Want to go on a cruise, just hop on a flight to Seattle and enjoy.
3	Decent airport, large, clean and seems to have a lot of decent restaurant options. We loved Blanco in the A-gate area!I've been here 3 times now - first time was a quick run through, second was a disaster in which I almost missed my flight because of crowds and confusion about which terminal to be in and this time was relatively nice cuz of the great restaurant.. The subsequent hour plus flight delay doesn't appear to be the fault of the airport, but more the fault of US Air, which I am quickly developing a healthy hatred for.
4	Wow, what a difference 2.5 years make!  New, local restaurants (terminal 4), sky bridge to parking, new decor, I'm impressed! Way to go Sky Harbor.  Now all you need is a popcorn shop and you'll have my heart (and 5 stars), Nuts on Clark or Garrett's would be awesome!
4	I have traveled in and out of PHX many times. It's always very clean and very busy.  They have many food options.  I will say I don't like the restaurants they added at the D gate area.  The ones prior to the remodel were much better.  But the D gate area is very open and nice.  There is a huge section of windows allowing for people to watch the takeoffs and landings.  It keeps people and children busy.  This airport has a couple very convenient cell phone lots.  That way you don't have to keep circling around the arrivals like a race track.  There is also a large board with flight information which tells information about each flight for each airline.  I have many great memories of this airport which started and ended great vacations.  So sit back, relax and enjoy your flight!
1	WORST AIRPORT DESIGN. If you have to change terminals then you need to get out of the airport and then go through security again. Who does that make sense?  Will definitely try to avoid flying thru here as much as I can.
2	Not a fan of this airport. Gates are such a long walk from the baggage claim, and it takes FOREVER to get your luggage (yes, one day I will learn to not check my bags).Decent food options, but not great. I think I'm just spoiled because I get to fly out the best airport in the country all the time....PDX.Sorry, PHX, not looking forward to our next meeting.
4	Travel through this airport regularly, great helpful people, clean bathrooms, good signage & processes.
4	C section was very empty when we fly out on a Monday night. Security lined moved quickly and it's a pretty clean airport. The water from the filter water refill station tasted salty and gross though.
2	I was in the Phoenix Airport last week while connecting from DC to ABQ. As I was asking for directions to the terminal for my connection, I was told that I would have to go outside and get on a shuttle bus. Seriously???? You're telling me I have to go outside and go through security AGAIN? Yes, that's exactly what they were telling me. Needless to say, I was not a happy camper to learn that if you connect to a different terminal you have to go BACK through security.....not fun!It just seems like in this day and age there has to be a better way to get travelers from one terminal to another without causing such a hassle.
5	Great airport with free WiFi. Lola coffee is legit. If in terminal c try some cartel coffee.
2	One's impression of this airport greatly depends on the location of the gate you arrive at vs. the gate you're going to depart on.It can sometimes feel like you're never going to reach your gate no matter how long you walk.. Or to be more specific, I once had a 20 minute walk from my arrival gate to baggage claim.. and that was in business class.I do enjoy the restaurants and other amenities.. The baggage arrives mostly on time depending on airline.Pro tip: check out the Starbucks by the baggage carousels.. they brew some good beans.Watch out for: its difficult to actually leave the baggage area,, there are a myriad of barriers and more exits than you can count on one hand.Big minus one star for having off-site care rental.. No one wants to have to take a not insignificant bus ride after a 5 hour flight from the east coast. Usually at this point you hate most modes of transportation anyway (US Airways I'm looking firmly in your direction)...and having to lug your luggage up and down more times than you would need to at other airports with on-site car rentals is just not going to create a positive experience with the traveler.And finally, not enough power outlets for charging mobile devices!! In this day and age these should be ubiquitous! But instead, one sees tired looking business people sitting on the floor around a charging tower with the life draining out of their eyes. Actually this last bit made me change my rating from a 3 to a 2 when I thought about it.
5	Dress appropriate especially in the Summer!
4	Really great airport, and the upgrades they've made are wonderful. My only complaint is that all rental cars are off site... and even though the shuttles to the brandy-new car rental facility are running constantly, it adds about 30-40 mins. So, if you're returning a rental car, make sure you leave enough time.
2	Unless you are flying in and out of here don't rent a car from Dollar! The car rental took a long time although the customer service was great. It is a nightmare trying to return the car unless you are leaving on a plane. There are carts for your luggage, but the only help you will get is from volunteers. Avoid this place unless you are flying, in which case it is fine.
2	This is barely an intl airport. Most intl flights go through real hubs like JFK / ATL. Precheck is FREQUENTLY CLOSED! Only airport I have seen this before. Mostly amatuer travelers means super slow security. No lounges. Nowhere to work. Power outlets are barely existent.
3	I will admit that I've only connected through this airport a few times, but I've generally had rather positive experiences. I've managed to find some rather delicious pizza for example, found the hallways reasonably easy to navigate, and enjoyed the free Wi-fi! :) As an International traveler, I really appreciate visiting airports that have free wi-fi. I haven't managed to explore much of this airport but I imagine that as my travels take me different places every year, that I'll visit more and more often.
4	So even if I did have a serious issue with Sky Harbor, what am I gonna do? Use the other airport in the middle of Phoenix? Fortunately, I come from Tucson so  pretty much any airport is an upgrade by my standards. Fun fact: In We're the Millers, the 'family' flies into Tucson International Airport but the scene is shot in ABQ (same airport in Breaking Bad). So, that's how bad TIA is - even when the script calls for Tucson to be shown, filmmakers go to another state to put something palatable on the screen. That said, I actually like Sky Harbor. I wish the Sky Train was a little more consistent (maybe it's just been down when I had flights to catch) but the place is efficient enough and that's really all I can ask for. That they keep it clean and are putting in some decent restaurants is just icing on the cake.
3	I've dropped by PHX Sky Harbor a handful of times as a stop over for my flights to the East Coast these past few years. There are plenty of miscellaneous stalls along the waiting areas, including quite a few sit-down restaurants and bars. Most seem to be full lunch and post-lunch. Terminal 2 doesn't have anything special in terms of restaurants; there's a grab and go, a pizza place, and a coffee shop among other things. Terminal 3 has some sit-in restaurants and bars, but as many others mentioned, terminal 4 is getting better; there seems to be more dining options available in that part of the airport.Some of the staff here apparently dislike their job or interacting with people. For example, I simply asked one of the staff members on the escalators -- he was doing nothing, just leaning back with his back to the window panes -- if I was heading in the right direction to reach A6, and the guy's response was: "There's a big ass sign that shows with white arrows where the 'A' terminals are -- it's not that hard. Read." WELL, SHIT...SORRY.There's nothing terribly wrong with this airport. It's smaller than the others I've been to around the country, but it's expanding. Also, I must note that it's not as hectic as, say JFK, LAX, or SFO.  I'm not sure if it's because it's Arizona, but damn, it was hot inside. It was especially hot for me because I was racing to A6 after finding out that the 3:20pm US Airways flight to Newark was on-time despite their being a 30 minute delay from Fresno. If you saw a tall Asian guy sprinting to A6 on Wednesday, well, that was me.
3	It's a very large airport. I didn't fly but picked up my daughter.  It took her quite a while to get from the plane to the baggage claim... 15 min? Yea, it's a big airport!
4	Not a bad airport as airports go.  There are a number of pretty good places to eat.  What the concourses suffer from is what most airports suffer from these days.  Not enough outlets to plug your devices into.  Granted I know this is mostly controls by what airline has what concourse.  Cause if you are in Salt Lake City and use the Delta terminal they have charging stations everywhere.  Just saying, it would be great if everyone was on the same page.Phoenix is clean, well taken care of.  Some of the gates could use more seats, but that is a minor point.  Probably wouldn't flinch if I had to come through here again.
3	This airport is really nice! A lot shopping if you get stuck or bored. Food choices from fancy salads to BBQ. Sky Harbor is in my top 10 airports.
2	Ugh. The updates they've made to Sky Harbor in the last couple years make it seem like Phoenix is actually a fun, cool place to live. There are some misfires (El Barrio has never gotten an order of mine right yet) but there is more than enough to make up for it (Sweet Republic). The United Gulag known as Terminal 2 is still the worst place in the world to be, though. But the sky train is very convenient. Parking sucks a lot. And this is the only known La Madeleine location in the entire state. So I am begrudgingly upgrading this airport to 2 stars.
1	Not a great airport.First, our flight got delayed from 8:30 to 9:50 so we figured we had a half hour to go grab some breakfast at one of the mediocre restaurants they have in the airport.  We ate breakfast and then headed back to the gate at 9.  When we arrived, they were already boarded and the door was closed.  We asked what happened because our flight wasn't supposed to take off for another 50 minutes, and they told us they had bumped up the departure time.  But they didn't announce it!  There was no way we could have known that they bumped up the time.  The TV flight monitors still showed the departure time as 9:50!Second, the airport clubs they have are all a little dirty and tired looking.  And the air conditioning wasn't working in our terminal.Wouldn't necessarily recommend.
2	This airport needs some major.. something or other. I had a connecting flight to get to and had to run to the other side of Terminal 4. I thought I would be able to hit the bathroom before hand, but boy was I wrong. They are literally redoing every bathroom in the Terminal except 1. You know what that means ladies- lines all the way down the terminal. I wouldn't make it in time, so I had to suffer through take off until cruising altitude. It was not fun on a turbulent flight. The seats are not upgraded in the terminal like many other airports. There are not any plug-ins in convenient locations, like the arm rests (in other airport terminals). There are only plug-in's in the middle of walkway between the row of chairs. The people in the terminal are kind and just step over, etc. The pilots and crew members on the other hand, not so much. I had my phone charger ripped out of the ground by not 1 but 2 different crew attendants that proceeded to roll over the cord anyway. I wasn't that upset about it, I just thought it was funny that there were tons of other rows to walk down, but they kept choosing mine! haha. I'm not a fan of this one! But I will inevitably be back because I hate the drive to AZ more.
3	Like everything else in Phoenix, despite the recent upgrades it still lags behind other cities in the region. I actually am a fan of Sky Harbor International overall. It has vastly improved over the years and once the new light rail was up and running, it became a lot of fun for me to head out to the airport (without anyone having to take me) to catch my flights. But I have to be honest about things. This airport is a little quirky. Originally, the light rail would take you to 44th Street and Washington and from there you would take a nice air conditioned bus that would glide through to all of the terminals and work it's way back around to the parking structure and back to the bus stop across the street from the light rail stop. However, once the SkyTrain came on the scene Sky Harbor decided the shuttles were no longer needed to pick folks up from the light rail station. This is a mistake in my view. The reason this is important is because the SkyTrain ONLY goes to terminal 4. After that it turns around back towards the parking structure and back to the end of the line where the escalator meets the long hallway that leads to the light rail station. The problem is having to get off of the SkyTrain and head downstairs to the nearest shuttle stop and wait for one to take you to another terminal. There are only a few signs telling you where to catch the shuttle and so it is easy to get lost looking for where to go. Additionally, it takes much more time to get to your terminal this way. In this regard, because the SkyTrain is not complete yet (despite the city promoting it like it is) Phoenix is still behind Las Vegas, Dallas, and LA. And that is a bit annoying. Regarding the security lines and the TSA. They are not the slowest I've seen, but at busy hours it can be a little while before getting through. Contrast that with Las Vegas, which had many agents working to make the lines go faster and to get us all through quickly. There's a noticeable difference in our security versus others in the region. I know it isn't necessarily Sky Harbor's fault, but it does factor into how people view the airport. In terms of changing terminals, I've done it twice and it is a nightmare. Time consuming and because of the "Arizona-style" outdoor nature between the terminals, you will have to go through TSA security again. And that's never fun to do twice in a day let alone twice in the same airport with limited time between flights. The seating and overall atmosphere of terminal 2 is shabby and outdated. It is a relic of Arizona history, which shows you a glimpse into a time when Phoenix only needed a small terminal to service everyone coming and going. The bathrooms look like they are from the 1980s and it sucks to be there. Terminal 3 is slightly better, but still with outdated seats and areas where the carpet is screaming to be cleaned or changed out. And terminal 4, the flagship terminal of Arizona, well it's average at best. The food options are more plentiful than the others, but there is far more foot traffic and the seating is still only decent with few plug-ins or outlets for electronic devices. Quite far behind even an airport I was at in Guatemala. Seriously. Despite the criticisms I outlined here, Sky Harbor could be much worse and my flights have always been on time here. The SkyTrain will eventually be finished, thus shutting up my major gripe about the place and the people working there really are friendlier than other airports I've been to. In the end, it isn't good as Dallas or bad as LA. Just about where Phoenix always is, right in the middle. Average. Decent. Respectable, but not a threat to the current 'chain of command' regarding regional airport leaders.
4	Airport is very quick and friendly. Was able to get dropped off very easily at the curb and then check bags and get through security within 15 minutes. It's a holiday weekend and traffic is fairly busy, no need to get here more than an hour before hand though
3	Had no problems with this airport. I like the tall windows with views of the local landscape. I found people to be quite helpful. Be aware of the guys driving carts that offer to pick you up and drive you to wherever in the airport, they will hit you up for tips after you are already rolling. No big deal, I had no cash so jokes on them I guess. It was 106 degrees when I stepped out of the airport and I burst into flames. I actually had to eat here on my way out of town. I got a salad and a Cuban sandwich at this place in terminal 3 and it was pretty great.I'm not in a hurry to get back to any airport, but Sky Harbor is no stress for me.
4	It's incredibly sprawled out, not unlike the city of Phoenix. When you land, you taxi for at least 10-15 minutes to find your gate. That being said, this airport offers so much in terms of dining and shopping that I wish I could visit it anytime. Terminal 4 is beautiful but Terminal 2 feels dated and tired. Getting to the airport is very easy with lots of signs and wide streets to get around. The rental car center is new and beautiful and was a pleasure to use.
5	Hands (or pants) down, this is the best place to poop! Always plenty of toilet paper stocked and the bathrooms smell so fresh! Joyful, joyful!
4	My best memory of Sky Harbor was flying into PHX from Houston on the famous record breaking 122 degree day back in June 1990. I'd been out here before a few times and this was the final move.That day they actually shut down the airport since their temperature charts did not go up that high. They say hot air does not have the same lift and the planes could have trouble taking off and landing. Sounds like a lot of hot air to me.It's easy to forget when they were only using terminal 1, 2, 3 and the fancy 4 was still on the drawing board. The airport was pretty outdated and needed a good facelift.Sky Harbor has improved significantly over the years and it's really starting to show. The selection of trendy and tasty restaurants has grown to a number that almost gets me excited to go flying again. Nothing like a giant meal to keep you sleeping while you travel.Usually fly out of terminal 4 when it's up to me. It is the newest of the bunch and much better than the others. Occasionally we will use terminal 3 when the boss is paying. I think he is a Delta fan or something.TSA is about the same as any other airport. Not very friendly and pretty large to say the least. Once had one tell me how great the donuts were nearby and how in 5 minutes he was out of there and on break. Ok ... I know where he is going.Get there early and kick back. It is fun to people watch or just play on your phone or tablet. I'm not a big fan of being in a hurry or stressing out. After all the plane could be packed. SNAKES ON A PLANE!4 STARS
5	Every single crew member I passed from check in to baggage claim asked how I was doing and wished me a good day and happy travels. The agent working the security desk was very funny and inviting and it took the frustration out of the long check in process. Also, a nice selection of restaurants and shops. Bathrooms were clean and there were plenty of outlets to charge my phone. I wouldn't mind flying in or out of this airport again in the future.
3	I travel weekly and I love this airport. Easy access, a lot if good restaurants if you get stuck, however, it's the hottest, muggiest place in Phoenix! You would think that knowing it's summer and amount of people traveling the climate control would be better. There needs to be an adjustment so that it's not so uncomfortable!
4	I must say, this is a pleasant airport; the restrooms are clean, the carpets well-kept, and the everything is clearly marked, be it a gate, shop, restaurant, or other amenity.It's sunny outside, which is to be expected, but the interior is kept at a very reasonable temperature given the city's predilection for obtusely high temperatures and the apparent consensus for air conditioning programmers to attempt to recreate an ice age inside buildings to make up for it. The seats are also quite comfortable; the only thing that it really lacks is more really-accessible power outlets.
4	I could spend hours just looking around.I have many family members and  friends that do quite a bit of traveling. So it's a common occurrence to find myself at Sky Harbor International Airport and that's just fine with me. I could spend hours just looking around Sky Harbor. One of the things I like best about Sky Harbor is thier showcasing of local favorite restaurants.  Now when I am at Sky Harbor I can check out restuarants like Cowboy Ciao, Humble Pie, Four Peaks Brewery, Sauce, and  Barrio Cafe.  Gone are the days when you were limited to a small selection of coffee type shops. I actually look forward to going to Sky Harbor because I know I can always grab a bite to eat and a decent glass of wine. Sky Harbor even has a full service Starbucks in the Baggage Claim area.The City of Phoenix has also added the light rail which conveniently runs  between Economy parking and T4. The TSA agents are friendly yet professional. If you have to travel Sky Harbor is the Airport to choose.
4	Neat clean friendly and efficient. Could use more electrical outlets. Good food selections but $$$ prices. Sky train to the lightrail to downtown works perfectly. No need to pay for parking.
3	I find this airport to be on the 'old look' side, with worn out carpet, lacking style and character and not modernize. I could not find enough outlets to charge my phone, the few available were busy, I just couldnt find many so I had to go and charge my phone at the bathroom. Is like you have to compete with other travelers for something that in other airports is already a given. Food options are good enough, I liked what I saw, especially Humble Pie. Transitions between flights is smooth and everybody is pleasant when you have questions.
2	Meh. Nothing special. TSA checks were not the best. But what do you expect. The lines were slow. Sunday afternoon and they only had 2 check points open in terminal four. Guess what. One of the scanners broke causing everyone to be corralled like cattle in to one scanner. The airport itself is okay. Te rental car place is far. It took me an hour from the time I got off the plane to the time I pulled in to the hotels parking lot. Hotel was only ten minutes away. What's my point. Well it's going to be a while due to the travel required to get your vehicle. Anyways. It's an airport. What do you expect. It's an airport
4	I dig Sky Harbor Airport! The parking isn't bad and the facility is easy to navigate. They have great cab and shuttle services too. The restaurants they have in the terminals are mostly popular chain restaurants and the pricing is about the same.
2	Old airport and really confusing to get around in it or around it. There are 4 terminals - and they are all in need of a renovation. Eateries are OK - pretty standard fare. Lack of charging stations is a definite bummer. It's just an old dingy, sticky airport. It just needs some TLC to bring it back.
4	This is a review of Terminal 4. I fly Southwest, so...well you know...Phoenix Sky Harbor is my home airport, so I fly in and out of it on a weekly basis. In comparison to all of the other airports I get to go to, Sky Harbor Terminal 4 ranks pretty high. It is "newer", especially the D Gates, compared to a lot of other airports and well maintained. Here are a few things to note:1. They just recently switched their wifi to Boingo. They still have a complimentary option, so I guess this isn't a big deal. I just cringe whenever I see Boingo hotspots. Maybe because they stole the name of one of my favorite bands from the 80s.2. Power outlets in the Southwest areas are not too plentiful. They have a few pedestals, some with 6 seats, others with no seats, throughout the terminal. I've always found these to be way too small (impossible for 6 people to sit at once) and awkward. They also have a number of choice comfy seats with outlets. I guess I shouldn't be complaining about free power.3. The D gates are by far the smallest, so there is often no wait/very short wait at security. If your flight is going out the C gate, and you have some time but don't like waiting in lines, go through the D gate security checkpoint and walk over. The walk is not that long - Airports are like malls: you know you're going to be doing some walking.4. I travel with a S'well water bottle so I always have water on the plane. Just don't forget to empty it before you go through security. There are a number of water bottle filling stations throughout the terminal. I usually use the one by the women's restroom at the D gates or the one at the beginning of the A gates.5. All of the gates in Terminal 4 connect, but not too easily. It is a U-shape, from the A-D. The A gates and D gates do not connect. It's a pretty ice walk, though - if you have the time. And they also have a lot of moving walkways. And guys with carts.  I use an UP band, so I always appreciate the extra steps ;)Happy Travels!!!
5	Very efficient, very convenient to get to and to access your flight. I've flown into Sky Harbor in years past and never had any issues. And with the recent upgrades within the terminals as well as outside of them (i.e, the cell phone waiting areas with flight information), this airport reminds me of another that is pleasant and easy to fly into (Tampa airport).Now if only we can get some of the airlines to follow suit. Outside of that, I love, LOVE Phoenix Sky Harbor! Hopefully, so will you.
5	By far the best Airport in the country. Large enough that you never feel trampled... Clean facilities and smart staff... And the FOOD! This place has a top notch list of non corporate, local favorites!  Say goodbye to the reheated airport pizzas and kitschy convenient store snack foods. You'll be delighted to spend time here before your flight and possibly even when you land... Taking a few extra mins to unwind and freshen up with a delicious plate of food or craft drink
4	Being that I travel several times a month, convenience is very important.Their slogan is "America's Friendliest Airport", not sure how that is determined, but I cannot completely disagree.If flying US Airways out of terminal 4, it's even more convenient.I typically park for a day or 2 while I travel, they have the economy east lot either $9 daily uncovered or $11 daily for covered. There is a convenient air train that stops at terminal 4 and leaves every 5 minutes or so. The air train doesn't stop by the checkin counters so you'll have to walk a bit if you need to check any bags. If you're traveling from other terminals, you will have to take an additional - bus - to get to the next terminal. For example, I flew Delta and had to take a inner airport shuttle to terminal 3. These shuttle busses arrive every few minutes but it's still a slight hassle running around.Food options at PHX are pretty decent, especially being gluten free. Each terminal and area have different options but always something for any taste.At some peak times the airport can get crowded a slightly hectic. At those times, seating can become difficult to find at the gate or at food establishments.Overall, I enjoy traveling from PHX, not that I have a choice, but I still like it.
4	A very clean airport and easy to maneuver around. Decent food choices while in passenger terminals and a few Arizona shops which actually has good pricing for gift items. The rental car counter is away from the airport but plenty of free rental car buses to take you directly there. When you return your car, if you rent, you may check in your baggage to be taken directly to the airport (on select airlines). I am very impressed with Phoenix airport. You will be too.
5	I was here yesterday for the first time in several months and they continue to make it better and better. Everyone in security is the nicest, the TSA agent scanning boarding passes even complimented my purse :)) I was through security in 8 minutes (woop woop a new record). Andddd best of all how is it every time I am here there is better food? Was I blind last time? But a humble pie and cartel? Come to the airport hungry and thirsty!
3	I get a very 1980s vibe when I pass through PHX. The dark carpet. The grey/brown buildings. The moving walkways. The boring food choices.I wanted food during my layover between SFO and AUS. The options available were forgettable at best. When most people are forced to go to McDonalds, it makes for a very unpleasant plane ride for everyone around them.They are in the process of adding a tramway between terminals. That should be a really nice feature once it is completed. I love the train connectors at SFO and DFW.Hopefully PHX invests in some modernization.
5	Rated the friendliest airport! It shows. I've had nothing but good experiences while in the airport. I like that the airport is switching to leasing space to local restaurants. The majority of the restaurants in the airport are (so far) locally owned...outside of Starbucks and a few others. I love the sky train that takes you from the light rail and the east economy parking lot to the airport ...for those who want to reduce their carbon imprint or who doesn't want to store their vehicle.
4	I really like this airport but it may be because Charlotte is my home airport.  What I like is the layout of the various terminals and the fact that there is plenty of space to drop off and pick up passengers.  The rental car center is very modern and organized, and about a 10 minute shuttle ride from the terminals.  Security is efficient and there is a good selection of food once inside.
3	Omg this airport is always so far from where you land , bad knee had to go all the way too the other side of airport people mover broken hell on the knee!! Always feel dirty here! Oh well last leg home
4	As far as major American airports go, Phoenix Sky Harbor (PSH) is an amazing place.  Clean, modern, well maintained and easily accessible.I often fly through PSH because of my love affair with the 'heart' airline a/k/a Southwest.  It's one of SW's hubs and for good reason.  With the beautiful Arizona weather and large, modern airport it makes for a great option.There is, of course, some walking to be done as with any huge airport in a major city.  However, PSH accommodates the lazy with moving walkways.  Yes, I admit I'm the guy power walking on the left side.  Makes you feel like a fast forward cartoon!Despite the size of the facility it's immaculate when compared so some of the aging monoliths in other cities.  You won't find disgusting carpets or worn out chairs.  Everything feels modern and clean for such a high traffic airport.  Even the restrooms are spotless and taken care of.One of my favorite features on PSH is the abundance of charging station for travelers with hungry electronic toys.  Nothing more annoying that having your phone at 3% with no plugs in sight.  That's never and issue at PSH.Overall, PSH is a great airport.  One of my favorites.
5	WOW who gives airports rave reviews..... guess they all go to Phoenix lol. Who knew! And someone else likes their TSA too!! .....the standard agents of doom. Yeah it does have an aged, back in the day modern type feel to it but thats its uniqueness I guess. I just loved the agents here cause theyre SMART ENOUGH to inspect passengers/carryons without typical hassle n irritations of fishing all sorts of minor ass bullznits out of your luggage TAKE THIS OUT TAKE THAT out take this off remove that. I was freakn shocked to my marrow!!! SMART I tell ya !!! s.m.a.r.t!!!!!!! Unlike some guy questioning like 10 other agents at another airport about my freakn butter knife I forgot in my laptop bag. *rme* This doesnt mean theyre not doing their job cause trust I looked back at the agent monitoring screens and she was peering INTENTLY!!!!! I miss pre 9-11 travel days just glad this airport isnt going all apeshhyt over it. Although theyre probably not a big mark like some other hubs. +++ I pulled a VIP move and gallantly walked into a TSA pre board line...cause I seriously thought they were letting ppl w/boarding passes go through, I was promptly sent back at the last second, get back in line and the tsa guy still cuts me back to the other side of pre-Board.....teeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehehehehheheheheeeee. LOL I think he saw what happened. I love those guys xoxoxooxoxoxxooxoxoxooxoxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
2	Ok the terminal itself has some good restaurants and is pretty clean and nice, IF Southwest Airlines manages to put your connecting flight in the same terminal as your arriving flight, not in A when you arrive in D and less than 30 minutes from landing to take off. Also, each terminal letter (A,B, C,) has two actual terminal arms associated with it so you actually will be going past two terminals for every letter you are away. The D terminal is only one arm. Today, I arrived at the C gate at 6:20 because of a 20 minute delay in LA. My connecting flight was boarding at 6:10. So much for Early Bird Check In. There wasn't a whole lot of time to begin with. I would have landed at 6 pm and boarded at 6:10. I ran the distance to get to the gate and was literally THE LAST person to board. I would have used the people movers but there are so many people who feel they have to stand in the exact center of those that it makes it slower than just running on the hard surface. I feel badly for the elderly, handicapped and people with small children every time this happens to me. A wider people moved would be awesome and if southwest would cart people over for connecting flights, it would be even better. AVOID PHOENIX ON YOUR SOUTHWEST ROUTE unless your flight originates there.
4	Well now, I just noticed airports sure do get a lot of Yelp reviews. And pictures too. Maybe that is the one category all Yelpers have in common.My TSA barker was pretty adamant: "I want EVERYTHING out of your pockets! EVERYTHING! No tissue, no gum, no lint, EVERYTHING! I want those pockets cleared of EVERYTHING! I mean EVERYTHING!" You gotta admire people who know what they want. When the guy ahead of me mumbled, "Can I keep my glasses on?" I whispered, "Just don't put them in your pocket." He got to keep his glasses on.I may have missed the memo here, but I thought this was a pretty cool airport. Granted I only saw Terminal 4, but jeez, there's a lot to see. Whipped out the New Balance and got in 2.5 miles walking the concourse between gates, much to the amusement of the walkway people. Oh c'mon, I can't be the first person who's ever done that. Incidentally, the carpet has little planes in them.If nothing else, there must have been over a dozen places here to get coffee, and I've never seen that before. The two cups I did have were really good, but would have been a little better if I had some Nicorette. But you know, I had to empty my pockets.
3	Airport is a little old and could use some updating. Maybe I was in the old terminal or something. Security line in Terminal 2 was long and a bit slow. Staff wasn't very friendly and even a tad rude about the extra screening of my bag. Overall experience was smooth and I made my flight.There was also free wifi which was very convenient. A few of the bathrooms were set up a bit strange and didn't have enough stalls or urinals, especially for a busy airport.
3	I have flown in and out of PHX many times and have found it to be a nice airport. Well laid out with decent food options. Of course the weather here helps with its good reputation about being low on delays.
5	The best most efficient airport. There's hardly ever a wait in security and the cell phone lot is very close. Pick up n drop offs are easy.  and Visit Chelsea's kitchen for good for amazing food before your flight..
3	I'm really confused by this airport since ... not going to lie but PHX isn't exactly a GIGANTIC airport, so I don't get why they had to make their rental center 15 minutes by bus from where the terminals are and arrival area(s). It's very bizarre since airports only do this to anticipate massive expansions, and ... maybe I just don't see that. Judgements aside ...There are quite a few places in this airport that are well rated and are good places. This is contradictory for airports since most airport food, drinks, etc. suck. I like that they took the time to ensure that good places are here, or invite those businesses so there's something to do when you're waiting.Overall, the efficiency is *ok*, the bathrooms could use some updating, and it isn't the best airport I've ever been to ... but it isn't the worse either.
3	This is a huge airport! Better arrive early to get around unless you know exactly where to go! Also, if you rent a car, you have to take a shuttle to an offsite car rental facility. Although a very nice, new facility, it takes time to get there. It is a few miles away, so if you do rent a car, allow enough time to take the shuttle to and from the airport to pickup/drop off a car. The airport is very nice with lots of shops and good food!
1	Horrible.  The hidden taxes and fees are ridiculous.  They try to con you into buying their total insurance package. I was told I was initialing to decline all services and when I looked again after, I actually had signed for $4/day roadside assistance.  What a scan.  Will not be renting from them again.  I will be filing with the BBB
4	I haven't had a bad experience yet. Even when I get to the airport late I seem to get through security fast and on time for my flight. The staff is usually very helpful asking if I need a ride to my gate but I politely decline. I wouldn't want to take that opportunity away from someone who is unable to walk the distance. So far it's one of the better airports in the US.
3	The very first time I drove myself at Sky Harbor the traffic drove so fast and the signs so confusing I ended up crashing and flattening two tires.  Yes, this was my first time living in a big city but I travel a lot and been to several airports.  Fast forward 14 years and I still find Sky Harbor one of the most confusing to navigate around.  The shuttles and buses drive like jerks.  I often find myself laying on the horn at them.Once inside the airport (I frequent terminal 4 most but have also been to terminal 2) your visit will be a lot better.  I find the signs easy to understand and they always have people around to answer questions.  There is a heavy police presence and I feel safe there.As far as cleanliness I say they could probably do better but perhaps that's because some of the decor is a bit outdated.  I do think Sky Harbor has a distinct smell, not necessarily bad just... distinct.So. of all the airports I've been to I'd have to say Sky Harbor is towards the top of the list.
4	Love the new food options in terminal 4, and the enhanced clubs at US Airways.
4	I've flown through some of the biggest and strangest airports in the world, London Heathrow, Madrid, Charles Dugal Paris, Philidelphia, Chicago (o'hare and midway) and I have to say Sky Harbor really has it's shit together compared to the rest of the world.     The gates are easy to find, the restaurants are all pretty great (especially the the four peaks that just went in), and because of the way it's laid out it's easy to come pick people up and drop them off curb-side.       The only thing I have to point out that really gets me is the piss poor job TSA does at managing wait time at security. As other airports the wait is either non-existent or so long that you are prepared to beg for the sweet release of death when you're half-way through it.       Not really sure why I'm reviewing this as there really isn't much of a choice as far as airports go in Arizona. It's either here or Mesa-gateway...... and come'on no one actually flies out of Mesa-Gateway. So it's either Skyharbor or bust.
5	Best Airport EVER!  TSA actually does their job.  Everywhere else they just talk  among themselves and have a bad attitude.  I travel every week and I'm always glad to come back home to Phoenix.
4	It's okay, not a big airport but it gets us to where we need to go. The concessions are okay and the planes are usually on time. The staff are helpful when needed. it's easy to drive to as airports go. No complaints.
2	My least favorite airport when flying East. However, if you book with Southwest or US Airways...you'l prolly end up here. I just hate how hard it is to get to the different terminals. On one occasion we really had to haul butt to get to out connecting flight. I guess the only way to avoid this place is book with another airline besides US Airways or Southwest.
4	new local restaurants! get em while theyre ebola free...
4	Big fan of the wait board parking lot. You don't have to take laps like at other airports, you can just sit there and watch until the flight you're waiting for has landed. The airport is clean and friendly staff are available to help.
1	Worst airport for baggage claim. They move carousels all the time and take forever to deliver the bags. Should be so much easier than what they make it.
3	Long walk from the B terminal to the A terminal.  Lots of restaurants in both terminals, but there didn't seem to be enough seating at the gates, especially in A terminal. There were people standing around all over the place blocking the aisles, and hardly any place to sit at the gates.
4	Sky Harbor Airport is very large and has an ample amount of food choices, shopping and seating.  We were very easily able to navigate thru security and to a lunch place before getting on our plane to head home.  The most confusing part of the process was checking in to get a boarding pass and checking luggage.  I'm not sure why this seemed so chaotic but I think that Southwest Airlines should probably look into the procedure here.Other than that, we found a good place to eat lunch and watch the remainder of the Chiefs/Chargers game.
3	I need to update my review of Phoenix Sky Harbor.I recently came here again after a 4-year hiatus.  This place has improved by leaps and bounds since 2010.  The terminals still make no sense but there are more food options (also not expensive) and security is a breeze.  They are trying out an "old-school" way of going through security where you don't have to remove electronics and/or liquids from your carry-on.  You also don't have to remove your shoes!  I was one of the lucky people randomly chosen to have their hands wiped down and tested on some sort of machine (they allowed me to get on my plane so I guess I was clean?).  The security line only went slow because people were unsure of going through security with their feet covered with footwear.  Overall, still not the best airport but also not the worst.
4	I've been through this airport several times and it's pretty easy to find your way around if you look at a map layout first.
4	I do love this airport - I would give it 4 stars 2 reasons - if the lanes in Terminal 4 arrival area didn't congest so awful and merge to one lane. Need better security at baggage claim, no reason bags are being stolen still in this day.  Very smooth everything else.  Thanks for the hard work!
4	Love this airport. It may not be the largest international airport but it sure does have a great selection of restaurants (inside and outside of security) and it is very easy to navigate.
5	There are many things that make this the best airport in the world, first of which is the name. Sky Harbor - come on, that's awesome.But seriously, over the past few years, the airport has become THE spot for Phoenix's culinary trendy and elite. Whatever you're in the mood to shove down your throat while your waiting in line to board, Sky Harbor has it. Four Peaks is obviously the best, but everything is super good.In case you actually go to airports to fly, the airport side of things are really nice, too. Security never takes too long and the drop off/pick up is usually painless.Take all of this with a grain of salt since this is my hometown airport and I might be a little biased. Just kidding, Sky Harbor really is the greatest and best of all airports. All other airports can suck it.
5	This airport is easy to manuver through.  Crowds are not really bad and there are agents standing, waiting to assist you for every airline.
4	Very good restaurants inside the airport.  They have a self fill water station near many of the bathrooms which means they are eco friendly.  And very good service over all.
4	Taken many flights over the years never had an issue yet!
5	Favorite Airport!
3	Again... typical airport. Many restaurants to chose from, but no Dunkin Donuts (big deal for me). Very clean with friendly staff. It is HUGE and takes a lot of walking so wear comfortable shoes!
5	Always clean and some of the best food choices of any airport inside the US.Security is usually easy without the long lines I've experienced at most other large airports of this size.
3	Clean and updated, but seriously lacking signs and maps between or en route to different gates and concourses. Not enough people to help out our answer questions either.
3	Nothing special to see here, it's an airport.  I've got no complaints.
4	nice airport
4	This is a pretty organized airport. I never seem to have difficulty finding my terminal. Once you understand the general layout of the airport its easy to get around. They have cell phone lots that announce when an airplane has landed which makes it so much easier when you are waiting to pick someone up.
4	Sky Harbor isnt so bad in the world of airports. I live in Phoenix so I'm usually just in and out but everything is usually really quick and painless. What makes sky harbor stand out is the restaurant selection. They have awesome spots past security like local pizza joint Sauce as well as a cartel coffee lab which is a popular local coffehouse as well. If you can, make sure you check in online and try to carry on your bags because the lines can get crazy long, especially around holidays. Security is usually pretty quick and they have a lot of lanes open which is nice. I've come 45 mins before flight time and still made it out on time (although I dont recommend it!)Pro tip:  If you use Southwest you can skip lines and check in at one of the self service kiosks at the top of the escaltors right before you get to the security lines.
5	Yeah!!!
3	The biggest complaint I have with this airport involves the car access; whether picking up or dropping off, this is a difficult airport to navigate. I get lost finding the proper exit ramps. Once one finds their way inside, though, it is straightforward enough, and their are pretty good options for food. I usually eat at La Grande Orange when waiting for a plane.The WiFi provided by the airport is spotty.
4	The airport is small and easy to get through!
3	It's an airport, so there isn't much else to say.  The volunteers who work in the terminals (wearing purple jackets) are helpful in assisting travelers with directions etc.  Bathrooms are usually clean.  Good selection of restaurants and shopping.  Wi-Fi is unpredictable.
4	made my connection without fuss, and had a beer at a place I can't remember the name of, but it was a local brewery I think.  Good beer.
4	This airport is huge so make sure you bring your walking shoes! There are moving walkways which is nice, but it still takes so long to get around (even within the same terminal). My biggest qualm is that  there are only a few restaurants in each gate area and no central dining area. I was in the mood for Chinese so it took me 30 mins walking each direction to get it!
4	Of all the airports in this part of the country, Phoenix Sky Harbor has to be the easiest to get in and out of--even during the busy season.  I'm sitting at Terminal 4 Baggage Claim right now.  If your flying in, chances are you'll be coming to this terminal.  Eighty per cent (80%) of all flights in or out of Sky Harbor come through this terminal.  It is home to both US Air and Southwest Airlines.   The audio overhead says it's the friendliest airport in America. ..and I just may have to agree.  Look for the friendly seniors wearing purple jackets for information.  If you have to retrieve checked baggage,  go down the escalator as soon as you exit security.   When you get downstairs, you'll see some display boards which will have your flight listed as well as the carousel where your bags are located.  SW Airlines bags will be on the even numbered carousels,  while US Air releases their bags on the odd numbered carousels.   Terminal 4 is cool in that baggage claim even has its own Starbucks...complete with ample leather chairs.  It's a great place to rest up while you wait for a ride, bags or your connecting flight.
3	I had a layover here coming from Long Beach, going to NYC. It was during July... at 10 PM we could feel the outside heat indoors lol. Going in between terminals was kind of a hassle as everything is a far walk from each other. However they looked like there was a decent selection of food options; if I had extra time, I would have taken advantage of the light rail to check out Downtown.. but my layover time was only 2 hours... that actually got extended to 4 hours. US Airways, why do you gotta have delays all the time?
5	I spend  a lot of time at Phoenix Sky Harbor and it is a great airport. It is easy to maneuver. The signs are clear. The parking works. The cell lot is easy to find. I have not used the train...but I will!
4	I may not be a world traveler but I know a good airport when I see one. PHX is the baby bear of airports...meaning its not too big, not too small, but just right. This airport has four terminals, so depending on which airline you use, you could have a fab experience or a completely drab one. I checked in about an hour too early so I was able to explore a little bit between terminals. Terminal three is like a mix between a mall food court and a ghost town. There's a sbarro and a few security check points and some gift shops. Once you get through the checkpoint you walk through the gate area where nothing is open and there is a drink vending machine. All the restaurants are closed during the day and evening and the gift shops seem like they haven't been open in months. If you take the shuttle out to terminal four, its like you are at a completely different airport. Terminal four is more modern, new, and filled with restaurants made popular in Phoenix. There's a Lo-Lo;'s Chicken and Waffles there so if you missed the opportunity to stop at the actual restaurant in the city, definitely grab something here. There are also some cool shops and more people in this terminal. It's very clean and there are a lot of security and general staff personnel available to direct you. There is a shuttle that stops every few minutes at the terminals so if you have the time, take the shuttle to explore the various locations at the airport. It's a great time killer if you are super early for your flight or have a long layover. Overall, this terminal is spacious, clean, has helpful staff, and it takes about 10-15 minutes to get through security. The food options are ample and it's a pretty great representation to Phoenix.
5	Great airport, thankful for the many times it allowed me to travel safely.
4	What's interesting about reviewing an Airport -  is a) you don't really have options and b) It's sometimes hard to separate airline experience vs. airport experience since they work hand in hand. The Airport has some neat art work near the ticket counters. I wish I could spend time admiring it, but even if you're several hours early, you can never "relax" until you've made it all the way through security. I'd encourage them to move the art pieces to the terminal so people waiting for flights, post-security can enjoy them. TSA and Security is what it is... they haven't caught any Terrorists yet, but I'll be darned, if I don't have to produce 16 different notarized documents to bring my insulin on the plane with me. I wish we didn't have to take off our shoes, because it encourages poor footwear choice, especially if you arrive somewhere where you have to walk pretty far to get to your connection and/or front door. Once you're in the terminal, I have to hand it to Sky Harbor. They restaurant selection is robust. Everything from burgers, coffee and Mexican Food, to McDonalds, and NYPD pizza. Yes, everything is a little more expensive, but you don't have a choice, and you will pay for it. The staff is mostly pleasant, and helpful. I wish the bathrooms had more places to hang things and/or a shelf to store your rolling suitcase while you went potty - but that's a pipe dream. To quote another reviewer "Planes come in. Planes go out." and they entertain you in the meantime.
4	Terminal 4 is the BOMB. It's surprising to me since I travel worldwide often, how more airports are not getting on the program with highlighting their local establishments but... Sky Harbor definitely does! Love that Matt's Big Breakfast, Cartel Coffee, Lola's, LGO and others are all available while you wait for your flight.Come on LAX get with it already, Phoenix has got you SO beat when it comes to airport amenities!
4	This Airport was awesome to fly into and very easy to fly out of!  I didn't even have to take off my shoes!  Seriously, but I probably looked like I had drugs on me at 7 in the morning so the drug sniffing Dog had to sniff me up!  But it was probably just the records I was holding that I purchased on vacation that gave the dog a whiff of his life!  Lots of rest rooms all very clean, good choices for eats, and lots of Starbucks!  Cant complain!  Only bummer is the Rental Car local is about 10 miles away from the airport and you have to hop on a bus to get there! But the busses came frequently and were safe and cozy!
2	Not a great airport. It is chronically crowded and doesn't manage this well. I try to avoid this airport when possible.
4	Big airport.  Reasonably efficient for its size.  Way better than O'Hare for general amenities
3	Old and needs serious remodeling!
5	Best airport, excellent variety of places to eat. Only bad thing about this airport is picking up/ drop off. Very confusing
4	I like. The only suggestion would be is for a play area for kids in case you have to wait over 2 hours for your flight.  But then again, it might be hard to tear the kids away if it's too good.  Good variety of food and good signage.  I always see helpful airport personnel.  The only downside of a big airport is missing a sign that gets you to the right terminal or the north or south side.  Especially at night, it would be better to repeat signs. I always dread picking up up at night.
4	Having flown in here on numerous occasions, I will say it is a nice airport.  It is big and sprawling, but there are some very nice food and shopping options, and I have normally encountered courteous staff.  On my most recent trip, I received a good dining recommendation, and helpful staff pointing me to a TSA check in that had short lines, but was still close to my gate.  The Rental Car hub does require a shuttle bus, but they have them running continuously, so I have never had to wait more than a couple minutes before jumping on, either heading to, or coming from the Rental Car places.  Overall it is usually very busy, but as far as airports go, not a bad spot for a layover.
4	Was just passing through. It is a major airport and with that it has major crowds. Like other airports I've visited; The staff is usually curtious and helpful whereas the passengers seem more rude and aggressive. There is plenty of shopping and eating available near the gates. Ok place.
4	Nice airport in a beautiful city.  Terminal 4 for US Airways had good amenities, easy access to airport shuttle to rental car hub that run frequently. Friendly TSA staffers moved big lines along quickly, even the drug sniffing dog at security was nice!  But seriously, having choices like Starbucks, Peet's Coffee and Four Peak Brewery at the airport for food and drink beats the choices at our airports in NJ!
4	I was just passing through on a connection.  Its a big airport with lots of different options.  Somewhat chaotic, but that is airline travel these days.There were many different food options, all of which looked pretty good.  Only had time to grab something quick (auntie annies, i recall), but was happy they had good variety.  Gate areas can be a bit cramped.
3	I travel quite often, always with the same airline so I have my routine pretty much down. I can see why a first timer would be confused or have a poor experience here the airport is HUGE. Be prepared to WALK especially if you are flying in. Tons of places to eat even if you are not actually flying somewhere so whomever is dropping you off can park and go have a bite to eat with you. If you're getting a rental good luck you have to take a shuttle to get to the rental port and it's usually busy so be prepared to wait a bit. If you're flying in each and every time the bags take FOREVER to get the baggage claim port on average it's about a 10 minute wait BEFORE they announce that your bags are being loaded to whatever baggage claim port.. So once again be prepared to wait. Oh not to mention this is after about a 10 minute journey to the baggage claim area after you get off your flight.
4	Great in and out!  I have been to a few airports but this is well set up.
4	I travel a lot and this is a great airport.  Wifi, great food choices and a USO.  All my faves.  I traveling in on a Friday and out on a Sunday with ease.  Even the lines at TSA moved quickly.
4	This airport has a nice amount of amenities to keep you entertained on a long layover. We enjoy going to the brewery to eat and have some beers :-) I like that the gates are easy to find and lots of moving walkways for the tired folks.  Overall a clean airport and our flights have always left on time in our experience.
4	Nice, clean and modern airport... The layout from terminal to terminal isnt too massive but you will walk a little ways. At least I did when I flew in from Burbank on Southwest. Met some folks leaving Bob Hope that were kind enough to tell me that I should look for the South door where it will take me right to curbside pickup where my friends where. I was grateful because I probably would have been walking around aimlessly otherwise. There are plenty of people movers if you dont want to trek it from terminal to terminal. There are a lot of eateries upstairs on the 2nd level. And just like other Yelpers mentioned, they have some popular local fare. One thing I noticed that could be improved when I was departing (Southwest) was that there were about 4 gates crammed into one end of the terminal. I was at A8 and there was just a log jam of folks waiting to depart, looking for seats and everything else in between. It was cramped to say the least.But overall I liked flying in to Sky Harbor. The approach takes you right over Sun Devil stadium and I found myself looking directly inside at the field. TSA was super-friendly. I appreciated the TSA pre-check status so it was an expedited trip through that spared me taking off my shoes & hoodie. I'm sure I'll be flying in sooner than later once again.... I gotta get some chicken & waffles at Lo-Lo's... And a sweet tea next time for sure.
4	It's a big airport...but it's also an easy to navigate airport. You won't starve with the food selections, coffee is everywhere and it's fairly clean. I fly in and out of PHX a few times a year and I have never really had any issues. Just be careful existing because one wrong turn and you can wind up on the opposite end of Phoenix and it's a hassle to get back on track.
4	I have lived in Phx the last 16 years and find the recent improvements to Sky Harbor to be a great asset.  I look forward to using the tram on my next trip.
5	OK, so this was interesting.This is a giant complex of buildings and transportation devices. Large flying machines land on specially built paths, and then pull up to the building and disgorge their contents.  Then they have more contents loaded into them, and then they pull out on to the pathways and fly away. And get this. The contents are PEOPLE. People just like you and me. Before you get on the plane other nice people with blue hands caress you and make sure you still have your car keys and that your laptop works. You can walk to the Engorgement Funnel from there, or you can stand still on a moving conveyor belt, which still isn't fast enough for some people because they walk on it. It's disconcerting. There are all sorts of things to see and buy. Everything is expensive, probably because it was brought in on one of the flying machines.When you get outside the building, there are other machines to take you to a special place to rent a smaller machine, where they will attempt to sell you hundreds of dollars of insurance that you don't need, right, Dollar Rent a Car, you bastards?Anyway, it's a miraculous conglomeration of machines, rolling, flying, and sweeping their human cargo every which way.
3	Maybe it is just me, but this is not my favorite airport.  Yes, the views from the many glass surrounded moving sidewalks and trams are AMAZING.  However, I know what I need from an airport - I need easy access to other parts of the airports, I need several restaurants where I can sit and be served while I catch up on life that I might have missed during air travel, lots of plug-ins and I would love a nail salon (in case I am delayed).  That makes this airport...Tricky. First off there are 4 terminals that I am aware of and its not even easy to move gates within the terminals.  It makes a huge airport feel a little smaller, but it makes dining and pick up or drop off much harder.  Last, but most certainly not least - most plug ins are hidden at gates in the floor and if there is a rhyme or reason as to where they are.... you need a de-coder to figure it out.  The only food in the particular gate that I seem to always get is a complex of a salad, sandwich, burger, pizza spot where you stand in line to order.  BOO!  (Terminal 4 - A gates) The upside is security is always nice and has been short many more times than not!  Just don't get there early and be sure your ride arrives on time.  In that case, you will be A-Ok!  People are friendly, views are beautiful, but if I get a choice of connections, this isn't a winner for me!
1	What a piece of crap air port!!!  It's near midnight and we have a 1:30 am flight to miami, I know .... bummer. Anyway, we need to get to the B gates but the B gate security gates are closed. No problem, walk 20 minutes back through the A gates and loop back around.  Restaurants or open bars?  Nope not one.  There was 1 vending machine that couldn't or wouldn't take a credit card.  So much for a bottle of water.  This place SUCKS!!!!!
2	We had a red eye coming back and terminal C had nothing opened (we got there at 8PM) , but one small bar. one vending machine that just had drinks, no snacks. I've had better but expected a bit more from Phoenix.
5	Only been to a handful or airports and this one is as good as any that I've seen.
1	Horrible Airport Like It Smell Like Throw Up Not Nice pple are Rude Not Clean Restrooms Just a Sad Place Never Flying there Again
3	This airport was fine to have a layover in. Super crowded but that's what you can expect given the holiday and all. I guess I found it a little off putting that you had to travel the whole length of the terminal for a cup of joe and a pastry. Kind of inconvenient.
3	Its a pretty good airport. Its centrally located, clean, well designed terminals with floor-to-ceiling windows with mountain views, and virtually endless places that will fly in and out of there. Its like any airport though. During peak times it sucks... lines, hassles, lots of older folks slowing things down. Just very hectic. And during off-peak hours (if you miss a night flight), its the opposite... total boredom. Nothing is open, no good sleeping spots, endless automated chatter over the intercom asking someone to pick up a "white paging phone", etc. You cant win. Unless you have your own plane or a magic carpet.
4	No complaints here ! Like every other airport security is always a hassle, but the TSA agents are friendly. There is a nice selection of food and things to look at while you're waiting in the terminal , well at least near the southwest gates. In my opinion it's one of the better airports.
4	I love this airport. It has all the food, entertainment, and outlets you could want.When I go to an airport I need three things:  good food, free wifi, and lots of places to charge all of my electronics.  Sky Harbor has all of these things.  They have a Humble Pie in Terminal C, a Lolo's Chicken and Waffles, an Olive and Ivy, a Sauce, a Zinc! So many good places to eat! Not to mention the standbys like Wendy's Sbarros, Paradise Bakery, etc.All of the terminals have outlet stations next to the seats as well as the conventional outlets in the walls.  At a lot of airports i have to sit on the floor or next to a trashcan or do something else equally awkward to charge my computer, but at Sky Harbor I can be a civilized human while I recharge.The airport security guards are sticklers for idling in the waiting areas for too long, but it also helps the pick up-drop off situation avoid being the disaster that you see at other airports, ~cough~ LAX.
3	Its an airport....
3	Pretty average for a big-city airport: mostly chain restaurants, shops are over-priced and filled with mostly junk. And no, it doesn't have to be this way.Takes quite a bit of time to get to the off-site rental car terminal. When you're returning your rental, make sure you stop and fill up well before you get anywhere near the airport. I took the 101 to the 202 and when I exited could not find any filling stations near the airport. When I looked on GasBuddy, I didn't see anything within a mile. Added an extra half hour that would have made me miss my flight if I had not left a bit early.
2	Traveling from PHX to Chicago Midway on 11/29/14 via Southwest and my 70 year old Aunt & Uncle's luggage was sent on an earlier flight. They arrived at PHX airport at 9:30am for their 1:00pm flight and their luggage went on the wrong flight (it went on the 11:30 flight). When it arrived at Chicago's Midway Airport we were told it would be  held for them at baggage claim 7 and would be secured and locked. Upon their arrival at midnight, it was NOT secured or locked up. WHY did go on the wrong flight? Why did Southwest overbook the flight causing 2 senior citizens to be bumped off their flight???? They arrived in Chicago 8-9 hours LATE!
5	Phoenix Sky Harbor has gotten so much better in the past few years.  All of the great restaurants inside are awesome!  All local places that will give you a great taste of what the valley has to offer.  The tram system is making things much better to get from the economy parking lot.  It still lacks some improvements to terminal 4, but it's on the right track.  The flow of the airport is very seamless and you can't get lost.  Nice job to those in charge of making this airport a great stopping destination for travelers.
3	This airport is pretty poorly organized. Really spread out so if you don't like the restaurant options near your gate, you'll need about 45 minutes to walk to and from another area. There are also very few outlets to charge your devices so keep your eyes open for one and take what's available. But , there is free wifi so that's nice!
2	This airport is very poorly layed out.  Additionally, the rental car facility is a long way from the airport.  If you are returning a car plan on an extra 30min to be safe.  There are few good places for food or drinks so the ones that are decent are always packed.On a personal note, I had a fun run in with one of the purple jacketed "ambassadors".  I walked up to one of these folks to ask how to get to the A gates from where I was.  He said "they are down there to the right, now move along".  He must have been a retired cop with that phrasing and bad attitude.  It is also a bad comment on an airport's layout in that you need guides like this at intersections.
2	I'm particularly adverse to this airport. Perhaps it is because I feel like I always have to spend so much time here when I just want to get to my destination. Yet, there are many other airports that I would prefer to spend my layover time at. The biggest problem that I have with Sky Harbor is the layout. If you need to get from one gate to another, or you're looking for food between flights, you could easily end up walking a mile or more due to the poor layout design. As a generalization the airport is set up in an extended 'E' shape, but with more than three appendages. This means that instead of walking through a central hub towards another branch of the airport, you can't avoid taking the longest possible route. It's true that in past years, the services, stores, and restaurants have been upgraded. Honestly, thank goodness. As US Airways is absorbed by American Airlines, this airport is becoming an even more important hub than it was. Hopefully, you won't have to walk too far.
4	love phx!
5	I typically fly in and out of terminal 4 and have to say, I really think this airport is one of the best!  There is always a huge selection of places to eat, lines are always pretty quick through security and it is a pretty new terminal so it seems clean and nice.There are plenty of parking options, whether on site, off site with a shuttle or off site with the new phx sky train.
4	Its ok. Its an airport, and a stereotypical one at that. It has long lines and a lot of traffic, expensive chain restaurants, and shops. Nothing special. Customer Service is passable and they do a good job as expected, however it is a typical airport. No muss or fuss.
3	The real only plus for this airport is they give you free wi-fi. I wouldn't say though that there were any negatives other than the baggage took a while. Security wasn't too bad. I was in the B terminal and there isn't a great selection of food and drink places. All around it is just an average airport.
3	I've only transferred through the PHO a couple times (so I can't comment on the security), but I think it's just A-OK. Highlights+Gates have plush seats.+Not overwhelmingly large, so going from terminal to another isn't too bad. (Vy is absolutely right.)+Free WiFi.+The mountains surrounding the airport are gorgeous. Drawbacks:-I understand that airports have their fair share of chains, but this one seems to have slightly more.-Bathrooms are kind of bleh.-Not enough seats at gates. (Saw too many people sitting on the ground waiting for their flights.)-Too many people riding on the golf carts and drivers not telling people to get out of the way. (Like me.)This airport is the definition of mediocrity.
4	This is a pretty good airport. I do like that they have better restaurants than the typical airport. The location is convenient and it is very easy to find your way around even though it is a pretty large airport. Security is also usually pretty fast. It's like having the convenience of a small airport but the service of a large one
1	This airport is absolutely ridiculous! If this is your first time be prepared for a nightmare. First off, ask the volunteers!! They are a tremendous help and are knowledgeable about all aspects of the airport and know where everything is! Do not ask the people who actually work there, they do not know anything and are of no help to you. The only thing you will get from them is dirty looks when you interrupt their cell phone conversations and blank expressions. If you can help it, avoid this airport at all costs!!
4	I only tend to notice an airport when I have had a horrible experience. Even then, it's usually the weather or an airline or the TSA that was the source of the problem. Sky Harbor is large and impersonal, but it makes an effort to make time spent here less painful. The recent upgrade in food options, including local phoenix options, is a huge improvement. Matt's, Lo-Lo's... though still overpriced for the captive audience.The Sky Train, which connects the three terminals at a cost of over a billion dollars (not a joke), is great entertainment for kids and helpful for travelers switching airlines. A billion plus dollars entertaining and helpful? Well...Also, there are some interesting art installations scattered around the airport. Keep an eye out for them.Sky Harbor has three terminals (2,3,4) and the distances, even within terminals (Terminal 4), can be large. The Sky Train and conveyor walkways help, but allow extra time. Terminal One was closed years ago, so don't let that confuse you. Too bad. It would be a popular mid-century modern destination if it were still in existence today.
4	Better than most.  Terminal 2 / United faster to get to for checking in than southwest.  Nice United club,  Gates all close.
5	Always a great airport to fly into for a layover.Good food, easy to get around and if you have time to kill, you can really get some good walking exercise in pretty easily.They could use some more bathrooms in the various terminal areas....they get crowded pretty quick.The Barrio Cafe is by far the best place to eat in the D Terminal.
3	Im not going to give an airport more than 3 stars but this is a 5 star airport.Its cleanIts fastIts BIG (HUGE)It has lots of stores and food placesAll the ammenities, and super fast security.If you must make a 2-stop, this is the place to do it as it connects everywhere and is a hub for most majors.
3	The people are friendly. The airport, however, is not conducive to finding your way around easily or quickly. Plan well if you have layovers here.
4	Over the years they've made major improvements to make this a more convenient airport and I would say they've done quite a good job at it.
3	I fly into Sky Harbor quite a bit. Althought it's not the worst, it's not even close to one of my favorite airports - I prefer DFW (gasp!) over this one. First issue - way croweded most of the time - everywhere. It's sometimes difficult to find a place to sit. Second, the food selection is OK outside of TSA. Once inside it is limited and the places they do have are really crowded. Finally, getting a car rental is really a pain. You have to take a 10 minute shuttle bus to the rental hub. All similar to DFW except DFW has some pretty good eateries and places to just sit - it's much bigger. I have to say, TSA pre-check here is pretty quick though.
4	Its the airport, my second home. One of the best airports in my opinion when it comes to activities, restaurants (its like you never left Scottsdale), and shopping. Most everyone there is friendly and its easy to navigate.
4	My grandmother used to take us here when we were kids. We would watch the planes, look at the weird Southwestern crap in the gift shop (suckers with worms...mmm...), run down the moving sidewalks, and drive up and down the weird twirling parking garage ramps. That was pre 9/11, of course. So this place is full of memories for me.They continue to make improvements to this place, some of which are welcome, like free Wi-Fi and the light rail, and some of which are not, like the planned demolition of Terminal 2, which dates back to maybe the 1960s?Shops and restaurants are plentiful, and exhaustively so, just like they are in the Valley. TSA reps are usually friendly,  and I like the team of purple-shirted volunteers who stand around waiting for questions. Which is helpful, since the place is sprawling.The views of the mountains never gets old, so I like the generally open layout. Also the carpet (see photo) is fun.
5	This is one of my favorite airports for a couple of main reasons:1. Easy TSA process2. Fabulous restaurants3. Easy navigation around entire airport including parking outside4. Extremely efficient pick up/drop off areas with plenty of space for everyoneTo expand on each thing that I really enjoy...TSA Process:I frequently travel with just one carry on item and it's generally a process. I'm a frequent flier so I know how to breeze through the lines, if the airport recognizes this and lets me.  By that I mean doesn't stick me in a super long line behind people with a ton of baggage (or kids). (Sorry but it's true!)  Sky Harbor seems to "get" this more than other airports and frequently sends me and other people who don't have many items into a smaller, more quickly moving line.  Perhaps I'm totally wrong about this and it's just luck but it's something I've noticed after flying out of PHX dozens fo times.  Awesome Restaurants:Normally airports suck at food- they'll try to have options but instead of offering great restaurants they give you shitty options.  (I'm not sure which I'd rather have- no options or shitty options... probably shitty options.) Sky Harbor has a lot of options that are not shitty- not at all!  For example, last year they put in a Matt's Big Breakfast- if you're not from Phx or haven't visited or lived there for a period of time you probably don't know about the gem downtown that is Matt's big breakfast.  It is an awesome breakfast spot with bacon that is almost a half of an inch thick.  YEAH.  There are awesome food places in Sky Harbor and I always try to get there early just to eat.  A funny tidbit.... last year I was flying on Thanksgiving day and ended up having my Thanksgiving dinner at Chelsea's Kitchen outside of the TSA checkpoint at Sky Harbor- haha!Easy Navigation: This one is pretty straightforward so the point I'll focus on here is that they are a stop on the light rail that runs all across the Valley.  I have frequently used this system and have found it foolproof.  Rarely to I trust public transportation when trying to get somewhere with a tight timeframe but I absolutely trust the light rail system with the Sky Harbor drop off points.  Pick Up/ Drop Off Areas:Long story short (I've already written a novel- about an AIRPORT - I'm crazy.) they have really easy pick up drop off areas that are heavily monitored for stalling and it makes it really easy to get space to get in or out of the airport quickly! If you need to have a long layover this is the airport to have it in!
4	Nice. Clean. Modern. Easy navigation around the terminals. TSA agents are usually pretty friendly. All in all a good airport to fly into and out of.
4	Clean, friendly, quick TSA process, lots of space, good food.  Can I say QUICK TSA/CHECK IN process??? OH MY GOD. I literally didn't even have to take off my shoes or computer out of my bag... it was a breeze! They even have those water fountains with the water bottle fill up (at the US air gate). On Coffee/Tea: So I bring my own tea bags to the airport so I don't have to pay for overpriced beverages.  Only complaint is that Peet's coffee charged me to get a cup of hot water (when every other time I go to the airport Starbucks gives me a regular cup with hot water for free). I mean, hello people, it's free advertising!
4	I have been to Phx airport probably about 50 times throughout the years as it serves as the hub for Southwest Airlines on the west coast. This airport is easy to get in and out of and rarely is delayed, the amenities are plentiful and the dining is getting better every year. Do yourself a favor and grab a pizza and beer from Humble Pie if you have time. It's a great spot to catch some sports or just people watch.
4	The Phoenix airport is one of my favorite airports, and I can say I do a lot of traveling! Rarely do I run into problems in the Phoenix airport. Flights always have their issues with delays and whatnot regardless of where you are, but there are just some airports that seem to have more issues with people getting stuck there overnight, and luckily I have not run into that here. Weather is frequently good and flights can get off the ground without issue. If by chance you do get delayed the proximity of the Phoenix airport to plenty of hotels in the vicinity, unlike the Denver airport where you have to take a shuttle for an hour to get to the place they put you up in. Security lines usually go quickly and there are tons of great places to have a drink or snack while you wait for your flight. Relatively clean facilities as well.
2	"Meh. I've experienced better" is right! Unlike other airports which can be described as an easy in and out, this airport did not even offer free wifi for me to write this review. Dozens had to wait hours before I landed  in Austin (a five star airport) to even learn what a disappointing afternoon I'd had. While I believe the food in the airport was well prepared, the lack of post-meal shopping options was decidedly discouraging. Neither a kindle vending machine, nor a makeup dispenser, was anywhere to be found. Many who travel agree that these are necessities, especially around the holidays. Further  I did not find the company in the bar nearly as friendly as in previous stops. Lastly, although this is really on southwest, I tried to order a glass if red wine but the flight attendant was unable to hear me. This resulted in me shouting across the entire cabin my intent to consume an alcoholic beverage which left me a tad embarrassed. True story. That happened to me and no one else. Overall, a truly so/so experience.
4	A pretty decent airport.  It gets you going to where you need to be.  They have phone charging stations.  The food was pretty good.This place got me to where I needed to be; it did its job and Yay! I'm a fan.
4	I feel like I'm always here since it's one of my go-to layover spots when flying Southwest. As such, I have no concept of the check-in process or security lines but here are the pros and cons as I see it:CONS:1) Really really big. If you have to walk from the A terminal to the C terminal, give yourself a good 15 mins or be prepared for a run. Words cannot describe how excited I was to see signs that said "interterminal trains coming in 2015!"2) Very sparsely located restaurants, including one that is the exact replica of Panera bread but it named something different.PROS:1) Free Wifi2) Sir Veza (mexican restaurant) is not going great for cervezas and sports-watching, they also have really good burritos. This is pretty much what tipped this review from 3 stars to 4 stars...somehow my flights always end up right across from Sir Veza and I have absolutely no problem with that.
4	It seems clean and is quite airy actually. And its a bit on the big side, or so it seems to me. Lots of nice and fancy places to eat and dine in at surprisingly!
3	Decent airport; I often come through here on stopovers for flights out to the east coast.  It's bigger than it looks; so if you're here for connections, sometimes you have quite a brisk walk ahead of you.  Because of the distance between terminals, the restaurants are further apart, so if you feel like something specific, you gotta know where it is and head there quickly.  For as large an airport as it is, you'd think there were more outlets/charging stations.  There's one area by the deli that has a lot, but it's really crowded and often people sitting at the bar/counter will occupy the seats so you have to sit on the floor below them to plug in...I forgot what terminal that's at...but that's what I had to do.  At least you get free wifi while you're waiting.
3	Airport is a favorite, but why cancel parking shuttle? Who gets that business? How do Arizona taxpayers recoup their investment if no one wants to drag luggage in 110 degrees?
3	My job has taken me to every state in the country including Alaska and Hawaii so I know my airports much better than most folks.  I fly Southwest often so I've flown through here often.  I think a review of an airport is dependent on if you are a BUSINESS TRAVELER or TOURIST.*** BUSINESS TRAVELER Viewpoint. ***It's getting better but other airports are getting better faster!Yes the Wi-Fi is free but it's spotty and often slow.  Nowadays there is no excuse for crappy Wi-Fi in a major airport.Yes power outlet availability is getting better but it's a long way from where it needs to be. If I was in charge I would write a power outlet clause into the contract of every new or renewing restaurant/bar.  Nobody should need to sit on the floor to grab power!Yes there are many more restaurants and eateries but their location is odd.  If you don't like what's immediately near you it can be a long long way to the next group of them.I do appreciate their heavy use of moving walkways. When you are a tired business traveler schlepping between terminals they are much appreciated.  When I discover I'm flying through this airport I don't smile but neither do I frown.  It's just another middle-of-the-pack facility so they get three stars from me.
