5	The Oyster Bar has the BEST gumbo ever!  They prepare it to your preferred taste. They offer many varieties of gumbo.  The preparation is very entertaining.  I go to the Oyster Bar EVERYTIME I go to Las Vegas!  If you like gumbo, you got to check this place out.  I highly recommend the House Gumbo... YEAH!!
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!  Don't judge a book by it's cover, and don't judge a restaurant by it's location!  I notice this place hasn't gotten a lot of reviews... I think Vegas yelpers are just being shady that they're not willing to share and reveal this secret place!!  If you ask local people who knows about food, then they will definitely tell you to come here... or maybe not, because this should be their best kept secret place.Oyster Bar is a tiny bar by the casino inside the Palace Hotel. (a ghetto hotel off the strip).  I go here every time when I am in Vegas, and I normally go there at 10:45 am to grab the first seating.  The place is first come first service, and seats are very limited. Food is delicious and authentic!   I never knew New Orleans food can taste this good!  The hot sizzling seafood gumbo is cooked right in front of you with freshest seafood, ingredients and lots of wine!  I also love their clam chowder, which is very rich w/ a lot of clams.   The raw oysters and clams are good too, but i like their steamed mussels and clams even more.   The portions are HUGE here, and I always end up ordering too much food, so make sure to starve yourself before you come here!  Also, try to go there ASAP before more people discover this place.
5	Thank you Patty and Maxxy!  Our new favorite place in Vegas!  Very fun, very different and a great place to people watch.  I have never seen Pan Roast in the South so that was new to me.  Clams on the 1/2 shell were dime size but delish.  I asked for a few oysters to make up the diff, and not a second of hesitation before "sure!"  It seemed expensive for a Pan Roast or Gumbo, but one order is easily enough for two people, if you get a salad and some oysters or clams.  We really liked the House Gumbo!  Thanks again for this find!
5	This place is awesome!  I like them to put habanero in my pan roasts.  I haven't been able to make it there the last few times I've been to Vegas, which is a bummer.  The main reason I'm writing this review is to try to see if any yelpers out there know of similar restaurants in LA.  If not, someone please open one!
5	Yes..... this is truly Las Vegas best kept SECRET.Same as Area 51..... well I travel some what and my first and last stop is ALWAYS the Palace Station, not to gamble but to eat.I have pretty much had all their dishes, started with the GUMBO but now I only order Combo Pan Roast.Doesn't matter what your into.....oysters on the half shellsteam clamssteam musselsDon't be afraid to ask for substitutions or additions to your dish they will treat you like a king, you queen what ever you prefer. Just to make things right!WOW, you just cant beat this place, nothing comes close. I have been to Reno "Nugget" claims to be the best........ NOT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Been to NY sorry not the best either. Does not even come close... Been to the Atlantis in Reno they need help!Funny the chef came up to me and ask me how was my dinner... sorry but i had to brag about the pan roast at the Palace.... told him it still need help in order to compete.anyways moving on here. I tell and bring as many people as I can, over a time period of 8 years I still enjoy this place, I just home they dint tear it down and put a big fancy bar and loose the fine people that work there.FYI.... don't bother asking for the recipe I have been there when people ask and have even offered $10k for it. it is not for sale, keep coming back folks.yes the lines are long and i have been waiting in them as long as 1.5 hours but it is all worth the wait. their are only about 12 seats but it is a privilege to eat there every time.enjoy to the fullest.
5	My favorite restaurant in vegas, if not the west coast. i have frequented this restaurant every time i happen to be in town (which is around 10 times a year). what can you say about this place, its got the freshest seafood in town. i know what your thinking, las vegas = fresh seafood??? that's why we got fedex. you need to start off with oysters here. at least a dozen of them. then go for the pan roast or the gumbo. i like it spicy so i order usually an 8 or 9 (1 being the lowest heat and 10 the highest). a pan roast is a seafood stew (i usually get the oyster pan roast) with cream, tomatoes, seafood stock, and cajun spices. this dish is hearty, smooth, soothing, and downright soul satisfying. and the gumbo is the best gumbo on the west coast. once i visit new orleans, i may change my opinion but, this is the best gumbo i have ever eaten. i don't even frequent the gumbo pot in LA anymore just because it doesn't come close to the gumbo at the oyster bar. try not to mind the smoke because it is located in the middle of the casino. you have to be 21 to eat here. and be prepared for a line because there are only 15 seats. i usually go at 2-3pm to avoid the lines.
5	This place may be in a "ghetto" hotel and look cheap at first sight but this place serves some of the best seafood in Vegas.  If you blink you might walk right by this place.  It looks like a standard casino bar with people sitting at the counter.  Upon closer inspection you'll see the steam cookers cooking away directly behind the counter.  These steam cookers cook by steam, not by flame or heating element and they cook fast.  The seafood pan roast is excellent but beware what spice level you choose.    I've seen a level 5 (out of 10) prove to spicy for many spice lovers.  The oysters here are fresh and out of this world.  Not fishy and the perfect size, not too small and not too fat.  They are the sweetest oysters I've tasted anywhere.  I sometimes think there's a conspiracy where they put sugar on them.If you're a seafood lover check this place out!  Even though it's a hidden gem I'm not afraid to share.
4	You know how you can tell if a Vegas casino is ghetto? There are a couple of tell tale signs. First, when you step in, do you feel like you've just stepped into a Reno casino?  That's a dead giveaway. Second, the sports book still uses a white board to display all of its bets. Really? I mean in this day and age of LCDs and what not, your tool of choice is a dry erase and a white board? Finally, look at the table minimums, if they offer any table games at $5 stakes or less, it's probably a ghetto casino. Palace Station fits the bill on all 3 counts. Despite all this, we decided to check out an eatery within the casino called the Oyster Bar.There are a couple of things you need to know about the Oyster Bar before you go. First, they take no reservations, it's first come first served. Which wouldn't be a problem normally, but this place is literally a bar. It's a counter surrounding the kitchen area and there are 18 seats. Yes, that's a one and an eight. So right away you know you're going to be standing in line because turnaround is a little slow. And really, don't try to get seated if you have more than 4 people in your party because they have to leave those seats open to make space for 4 and that will just piss the people off in line. Second, don't try to do the Asian thing of ordering it to go, they don't serve to go orders. Finally, you are only allowed to order 1 entree per person, so like Indiana Jones in the Last Crusade, you must choose wisely.We had 5 people in our group so we had to break up into a 2 and a 3 so that one group could watch the baby while the other ate. I ended up with the baby daddy and we were going to eat second after the other group. So there I am waiting in line for a good hour and a half to eat, staring suspiciously at anyone who approaches the counter to see if they are trying to do a seat swap or not. The Oyster Bar is right in the middle of the casino with slot machines like 5 feet away. So of course I had to play some $1 Wheel of Fortune slots. Thanks to the wait, baby daddy and I dropped $24 each in the slots and didn't win jack. At this point, I'm thinking this better be the best food I ever eat.Finally we get seated and look over the menu. They have a varied selection of seafood specialties such as pan roasts, ciopinnos, gumbo, jambalaya, bouillsbaisse, and an etouffee. They also had both kinds of clam chowder and some shellfish selections. I start of with 3 Bloody Mary oyster shooters (got mine with Absolut, but you can also select Jose as your shot of choice). The shooters were delicious, oysters were huge and juicy, not gritty and not too milky. Good start to the meal. I decided on the Combo Pan Roast (Crab, Shrimp, and Lobster). You get to choose how spicy you want it cooked on a scale of 1-10 (they also had habanero, which presumably is about a 15, but I politely declined). I ordered a 10 and when the woman next to me asked the chef, Megan, how hot a 10 was, Megan grabbed 2 fistfuls of red hot chili flakes and threw them in. Then she threw in another pinch for good measure, to the horrified look of the lady next to me. The seafood was all fresh, the flavors infused into the shrimp and crab and lobster from having been simmered for a long time. The heat was good, not overbearing as to mask the flavor of the pan roast, but enough so that I left sweaty and snorting fire.Minus 1/2 star for making me wait an hour and a half.Minus 1/2 star for making me lose $24 at the $1 Wheel of Fortune slots.
5	Got to try their oyster platter and their combo pan roast (really good!!!).  Oyster was fresh, but I thought the Pennazi was better.  Nobody beats their pan roast.  Omg!  So yum!  It had shrimp, crabmeat, and lobster with lots of other spices.  You get to choose the spice level from 1-10, 10 being the highest.  7 is perfect.  Fyi, 8 kinda killed the flavor.  Portions are so big that you can share with someone.  I highly recommend this place to anyone that gives Vegas a visit.
5	after a long day of gambling and drinking, a house gumbo with a pepsi makes me forget that i lost all my money playing penny slots.  look past the off the strip hotel, everyone is over the age 45 and the sound of keno in the background and you'll get a down to earth restaurant that serves quality southern style food.  pan roast, gumbo, jumbolia, you cant go wrong.  everything is cooked in front of you in a steel pot where its simmer to perfection.
5	This place if definitely "a diamond in the rough."  Yes, you have get leave the glitz of the Strip, overlook the atmosphere of this old local hotel/casino, and possibly wait in line to up to an hour but its WORTH IT.  This is the only place in Vegas I'm willing to leave the strip for a meal when I'm there visiting.  So belly up to their 18 seater oyster bar in the middle of the casino and just try it!As others have said their fresh oysters are good but unfortunately the last time I was there they weren't as sweet as others I've had.  But you MUST try their Pan Roast and Gumbo.  But if you have to choose only one then try their Pan Roast it's amazing!  I can't find anything like it anywhere else.  It's a hearty stew like dish with your choice of crab, oyster, shrimp, or combo (crab, shrimp, lobster) in a tomato cream sauce with a kick.  Depending on your spice level you can choose from 1-10.  My bf and I usualy go 6-7 and that's about a medium.  And their portions are huge and they don't skimp on the seafood either. We usually order one pan roast and an appetizer and we're stuffed.  Trust me it's enough, we're pretty big eaters.  When we first tried this place we ordered one pan roast and one gumbo then had a ton of leftovers enough for dinner.  It also comes with rice so you can soak up all that creamy spicy goodness... YUM!!!So if you're in Vegas and wanna try something different get in the car head over there, you won't be disappointed.
5	Yummmmmmmm soooo good. Got their combo pan roast with a friend - 7 on the spicy level. It was super yummy and really filling... so I definitely recommend sharing. There really is very little seating (only seating is around the bar surrounding the "kitchen". The lady waiting on us was really nice and super helpful.
4	If I'm paying $20 per bowl, and waited over an hour for it, it better be the best Gumbo I've ever had. And it was.So you plan to go to the Oyster Bar on a weekend during lunch or dinner hours, then you will need one thing. PATIENCE!  Don't let the short line fool you. If there are 6 or 7 people in front of you, be prepare to wait an hour! That's right. And during that time you are in line, you have no choice but to watch the other customers enjoying their delicious dishes...most likely taking their sweet ol' time savoring ever single bite and chatting away as if there were no starving people in line waiting for a seat. Once seated, the food can take another half hour since the chef can only make 6 dishes at a time. Despite the long wait (We left the line on Sat. and came back Sun. cuz we were about to miss a show), the experience was unforgettable for me.Note: The Pan Roast, Gumbo, and Etouffee are all made the same way and they look similar. However, the taste, flavor, color, and spice are unique to themselves. Yum!!
5	Holy crap, this place has the highest consistency of GREAT tasting food.  You know how most restaurants, when you order something on the menu, the food ends up being either a hit or miss?  Not Palace Station's "Oyster Bar".  Everything on their menu, everything on their chalkboard's Specials, every single item is a HIT.  Everything tastes so good here.  We came here initially to order the Pan Roast dish, but I wanted to gamble a bit with the Jambalaya special, and hot damn it was excellent!  The consistency of the rice - seafood ratio was perfect in every bite.  Not too wet, and not too dry, every bite was perfect.  I polished the plate with my tongue, the chef loved the way I killed it.Pan roast is very good too, but has a curry texture to it, so if you want more of a soupy dish, Pan Roast is the way to go, if you want a guaranteed hit, go for the Jambalaya.
5	This place is so good, I had to drive 250 miles each way (twice!!!!) while I was pregnant just to get some.  I am not even a lover of creole food, but I LOVE shrimp, and so I typically get a shrimp cocktail and the shrimp scampi (with rice instead of pasta).  It's sort of a garlicy, lemony, white winey bowl of soupy goodness!  It's not the same if you try and save it and take it home, so my husband and I typically go to Vegas on Saturday morning, eat at the Oyster bar for lunch, dinner, and then lunch the next day before we hit the road.  It may sound crazy, but we have tried to find ANYTHING even comparable in Southern California, and can't!  Not even close.  I'm a great cook, and even I can't reverse engineer what I've had there.  I want more!  It's been a few months, and I think I'm going to have to go this weekend.  I guess the baby is going to spend the night with Grandma!
5	Where do I even start? I just wish I went in a larger group here so we can have a little taste of everything but the wait is too long and I took my little sister (this place is 21+ even to eat). Had the oysters, clam chowder and lobster gumbo. Here's the menu:http://www.palacestation.com/dining/oyster-bar/menu.pdf
5	Oh the lovely but obscured oyster bar inside of Palace Station, such an amazing place it's too ridiculous.  I first ate at the oyster bar about 12 years ago when I was ten.  Back then security guards always asked for my ID while I waited in line with my parents at the casino.  At last, I'm over 21 and I make Oyster Bar my number one stop every time I go to Las Vegas, and every time I get the seafood gumbo.  This gumbo is so decadent in taste, so flavorful, so amazingly good that my mouth is watering up as I'm writing this.  Now, I lOve spicy food, and I order the seafood gumbo with a 9, and it's pretty damn spicy.  My advice is to get a 6 if you can't handle spicy well but loves a kick to your gumbo.
4	(4.5 / 5) Stars.Much thanks to fellow Yelpers.This place is awesome. We ordered the Combo pan roast (A MUST), and the palace seafood jambalaya. The smell and watching them make the dishes are an appetizer themselves. We sat there drooling as the interesting heating bowls cooked our food. The Pan Roast was definitely the winner between the two dishes. It was chockful of shrimp, lobster, and crab pieces. The gravy was similar to a very velvety, almost buttery smooth concoction of tomato cream soup. The jambalaya was good as well but it doesn't hold up in a match against the Roast. Our only complaint is the single scoop of rice you get with it. They charge 2.50 for extra rice. We're asian, and we love our rice! Definitely hitting this place again when I head back to Vegas. Highly recommended for their Roast.
4	This place has the best raw oysters ever. The Cajun dishes were very tasty. I've only been to this place a few times and it never disappoints me. The servings are humongous so make sure you come hungry. If you come during lunch or dinner, be prepared to wait in line. You can come w/ a date and have a dozen oysters and the house gumbo. The prices aren't cheap but reasonable. Every time me and my fiance come to Vegas we usually stop here for a meal.
4	The Oyster Bar is located off the strip in the Palace Station Hotel. This is more of a local casino. The bar specialty is seafood. There are several metal bowl behind the bar that you can watch you dish being made. The seafood platter is like a creamy seafood stew with lobster, shrimp and crab. I had the jambalaya which was good and had so much crab meat that I thought it was chicken. I would also recommend the raw oysters and gumbo. This place reminds me a bit of New Orleans.
4	The oysters were good but the cocktail sauce they give you was just okay. The oysters also had a slimy look/feel to it. The combo pan roast was delicious though. I highly recommend it. You can order one and split it with a friend.
5	I'm starting to notice that I only review restaurants I absolutely love!  Oh well...I'd like to thank JK for introducing me to Oyster Bar.  I'd also like to thank RN for dating JK otherwise our visit would have never taken place.As you all know, when in Vegas, you're in a constant state of "buzz".  So needless to say, I was buzzed during this experience and when I'm buzzed, food is usually the last thing on my mind. But I'm a team player so I went.  The Oyster Bar is located in the Palace Station Hotel and Casino.  It's an open eatery without walls.  Kind of like those bars in the middle of a casino.  We waited for about 30 mins (not bad considering the place only seats about 15 people).  Started with oysters on the half shell.  The oysters were huge and very tasty.  The chef shucks those bad boys right in front of you.  He even threw away the bad ones...broke my heart.  We followed that with their famous pan roast.  Ok, I'm no pan roast expert but I do know when things taste good and the pan roast tasted gooood!  It's similar to a seafood stew but it's made with cream and tomato paste.  So many flavors and all the seafood in it were delicious.  It's served with a scoop of rice (ask for another scoop).  It's definitely enough to share with your significant other...unless he/she hates sharing (like my wife).  We saw other people having their pasta and they were raving about it too.I've been to lots of restaurant in Vegas.  I think Oyster Bar is probably now #1 on my list.  It's a must visit for me.  Seriously, that meal is what life's all about...great food...great company...casual atmosphere...thanks KO, JK, RN and Oyster Bar.
4	The oysters were big, fresh and very tasty.Ordered the combination gumbo and it was good. Spicy with plenty of seafood.The pan roast looked good, gonna have to try that next time.The only drawback to this place is the lack of seating.
4	This place is diabolically good. Ate there last night before a long drive home to LA. I have been craving their combo pan roast ever since, and I didn't even order that, I had the amazing jambalaya. My wife had the combo and I snuck the leftovers for lunch. It's at the Palace Station and worth the trip. Go and wait.
4	This place is a must if you are visiting Vegas. This place serves healthy portions of authentic gumbo and jambalaya. My favorite is the house gumbo. Cooked right in front of you the chef adds a combination of spices, shrimp, sausage, real crab meat, their secret special soup base, and a scoop of rice. Sooooooooooo goooooooooooooddddddd. Just imagine the bowls they use for an xtra large bowl of Vietnamese noodles, Pho, filled to the rim with mouth watering gumbo. Be warned, the oyster bar only seats about 15 at a time. So sometimes depending on party size wait time can be pretty long but well worth the wait. Also they will not allow you to order anything to go.
3	The oysters here were really good. The price here is very fair for seafood. Although the reason that I'm giving this place only 3 stars is because our main entree was drenched in salt. We ordered the seafood gumbo and I had to take a gulp of water everytime I took a bite of my gumbo.
4	Oysters were fresh, Gumbo was delicious!  The oyster shooters could have used more vodka in my opinion...Contrary to one of the other reviews, I wouldn't say that the entrees come in "extra large pho" bowls--that is, not if you have ever eaten pho in San Gabriel Valley or Westminster.  I'd say it's about the same size of an average pho bowl (which, when filled to the brim with gumbo, a seafood roast, or jambalaya, is still a lot of food).The Combo Pan Roast seemed to be really popular, and is actually soupy and gumbo-like but a light orange color.  We didn't order it because it sounded like stir-fry seafood or something.  It looked awesome though.Some cons: 1 hour wait!  At 2pm!  There seems to be no way to predict when the line will miraculously get shorter for the coveted 20 seats at the bar.  Some pros: lots of cheap slots to bide your time!  And despite the wait, once you're up there, the service is great.
5	YYYYYYYYYYUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMM!!!!Yes it's off the strip and it's in a crappy casino/hotel but the GUMBO is AMAZING!!! I tried the oysters and they were good but not spectacular. If you like Gumbo this is the place to go! You know it's good when the locals go there!
4	Stare down the patrons at this small ass bar to hurry up and eat....but once you get seated, you'll understand why they ignored you.  They were too busy slurping down oysters shucked right in front of you, and having cippino, gumbo and other delicious sea creatures.  Palace station is so damn ghetto but Oyster Bar makes it tolerable, at least for a couple hours.
4	We discovered this place by accident.  We were walking around the Palace Station and could not ignore the smells coming from this tiny bar.  Customers had heaping bowls of what could only be yummy goodness in front of them, AND there was a line for this place.  We stood by and watched the cooks at work and took a look at the posted menu - pan roasts, gumbos, etouffes, oysters on the half shell, just lots of good stuff.  I had to ask those who were eating and those in line what to get  - and everyone was saying different things - but it all sounded wonderful!  We were sold!The following week, we made our first attempt to chow at the Oyster Bar and you can imagine the defeated look on The Husband's face when it had 'just' closed for the evening.  Darn!The next time we went early and on a weekday.  We didn't want to stand in line and we didn't want to get the stare down!  Haha!With three of us, we figure we could all share.  So this is what we got:* Palace Pan Roast "Served with steamed white rice." ($21.99) - This was my absolute favorite of the bunch.  It had the most flavor and I found myself hogging on this dish.  Customers weren't kidding when they said I had to get the pan roast!* House Gumbo "A tasty Creole chowder made with seafood, gumbo file, okra, and Andouille sausage.  Served with white rice."  ($19.49) - The gumbo was pretty good too, and chunky.  But I just craving the flavors of the pan roast more. * Etouffee " Shrimp, crab, and lobster with seasonings in this classic French Creole stew." ($17.99) - Their etouffe was good as well, but compared to the others, the pan roast and gumbo ranked higher.All in all, it was all good, hearty and fatty goodness!  Yes, they do arrive in large pho bowls (large for Vegas, average size for other places).  I think it's more than generous for one person.  We technically didn't have any leftovers because between the three of us, we picked out all the good bits and stuffed ourselves silly.  Come with an appetite!  Prices may seem steep, but when you see how much you get, it's okay.  And the cool part is watching your meal cooked right in front of you! Service was a bit slower with only two people working.  (They had three the previous weekends we passed by.)  It was okay though because we didn't have to wait and we sat far enough down the bar to not have to acknowledge those in line still.While you wait, they serve up warm sourdough bread and butter. I was starving and gobbled up two pieces before my order arrived.
3	its a unique experience since you dont eat gumbo everyday, let alone have the cook make it in front of u. probably the best gumbo u can get if ure into that stuff. their servings are big and their half shell oysters are plump and juicy. this place is not for me but i like it for the experience
5	This place is just . . . awesome. I joined Yelp today so I could give the Oyster Bar a review.We found this place using Yelp- my buddy was looking for Oysters. I reluctantly came along, but only because the place got such good reviews. I'm not really an oyster guy. Don't let the fact that it's in an older off strip casino put you off. You're going to LOVE this place.  We each ordered the Pan Roast combo, which is shrimp, lobster and crab meat in an amazing tomato/cream sauce. They'll ask you how spicy you'd like it. Each of us got a different level of spiciness: Wife got 2 and I got 8. After eating this amazing dish, we wandered around the casino with a full body food buzz. The help was very nice, and the food was well worth the wait. We make frequent trips to Las Vegas, and this will be on the MUST list every time. I wish I was there now . . .
5	Just a little FYI for all you So Cal folks that go here....One of the original chefs from this place opened up a place out in Chino Hills called The Boiler: http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-boiler-chino-hillsNot sure about the oysters, but if you guys are looking for the same jambalaya and the gumbo, this is the spot.
1	I really wanted to like this place. Maybe to justify waiting in line for 30 minutes to eat.  The house gumbo had a dull, bland, and burnt flavor.  The cooks and servers have an aire about them as if you are fortunate to be in their presence.  This place needs a complete overhaul, and maybe someone from Louisiana to show them the proper way to make a roux and stock.
5	I love this place and whenever I am in Vegas I make sure I stop by this Oyster Bar for House Gumbo and Bouillabaisse.   They have hands down one of the best I've ever tasted.  I just came back from New Orleans and I still think this place is as good if not better!  It's a hidden gem of Las Vegas.  The wait  is worth it.  Usually if you go in the evening (any day of the week) it's at least a 45 minute wait.  The wait helps you work up a good darn appetite.  There are two chefs and my favorite chef is JJ and he's usually working in the evening. Things to try:-Steam Little Neck Clams in butter garlic sauce-Bouillabaisse-House Gumbo-Ettouffe-Oysters ( There's a better place to get oysters, but it's not bad here either. Remember to ask for rice on the side if you don't want them to mix it in your bouillabaisse or your gumbo.  They ask you how spicy you want your Bouillabaisse and Gumbo.  If you get both make sure your Gumbo is a tad spicer than the Bouillabaise.  Now sit back and enjoy the sounds of slot machines and the taste of Nawlins in Vegas!
4	Best Kept Las Vegas Secret: Palace Station's Oyster Bar House Pan Roast.  Delicious!There's a similar spot in Chino Hills, CA now! THE BOILER, it's just as great minus the 4 hour drive to Vegas.  Same Kettle Style with Authentic Cajun/Creole Flavors.
5	First off, I got to thank my Dad for introducing me to this little place of goodness.Okay, if your like me and can only handle one buffet per Vegas trip, than make sure to put this place on your eating agenda. The wait is a little long because it's only bar seating, however, IT IS WORTH THE WAIT. I've brought so many of my friends here and heard them complain the whole time but when we were done eating, I always hear, "It was worth the wait." Food: Combo Pan Roast (MMMMmmm GOOD!!), Oysters and Clam Chowder.* Don't forget to ask for your rice on the side. You'll thank me later!
5	Hands down one of the best restaurants in Vegas!  People are always surprised when we take them here because it's inside a casino off the strip in Palace Station. I would say it is a hidden gem if the wait weren't so long every single time.Must-Have Foods: In general, the portions are huge, so I would recommend sharing unless you are really hungry.-Cioppino: Bursting with flavor tomato stew with prawns and lots of spices. Absolutely delicious!-Pan Roast: The house special. Lobster, shrimp, & crab in a rich cream based broth. It is very filling but so worth the stomach space.-Steamed Clams: I could drink the white wine and herb broth it is so good.-Oysters on the Half Shell: Fresh oysters served with cocktail sauce. Simple & fresh.  Wait: The wait is at least 30 minutes on a good day so get there early. Even if you have to wait over an hour, it's totally worth it. If the wait is really long, the Mexican restaurant next door sells huge yummy margaritas that always makes the wait seem shorter. ;)  Atmosphere: Once you're seated, you can chat with the chefs and watch them cook. They call it "live action cooking" - yes, Vegas terminology. Since you're sitting next to strangers, you're bound to chat it up with other loyal customers. Overall, it's a casual, fun and friendly place.Service: The service could be better. There is usually 1-2 waiters for the entire bar that serves 25-30 guests and they take their sweet time. The food is so though good that the service is forgiveable.
4	Was recommended by a friend on my latest trip to Vegas. All she said was get the Combo Pan Roast with rice. I did just that with a half dozen of their fresh oysters. The Pan Roast was pretty rich and reminded me of a cream of tomato base loaded with tons of seafood. I can't lie that everyone else around us was ordering the Gumbo and I wished I had room to order that as well, but there was no way. I'll have to leave that for my future trip to Vegas. The only cons I thought there were was that there was a long line for tables since the seating area is just the bar area. Had to wait at least 45 minutes even at 9:00pm. Good comfort food and it's definitely entertaining watching them cook your dishes in front of you. Check it out.
5	The best seafood jambalaya that I've ever had hands down! I must have died and went to heavan when I ate here! Who would have expected such a great find at the Palace Station? I really hate to give such a place up to the masses but isn't that what Yelp is about?My company ordered a combo pan roast and an oyster gumbo, both were great as well! Especially the pan roast! I would have to say that my seafood jambalaya was best of all of them! It had lobster tail, clams, mussels, oysters, crab, shrimp and other goodies! I had them give me a 7 spicy on a scale of 1-10 and it had quite a kick!I am comimg back for sure!
4	Mmmm. Tasty place - thanks Yelp for the recommendation. The Oyster Bar  is inside the casino & has limited counter seating. Fantastic place to try New Orleans style seafood.Pros- Combo Pan Roast (lobster, shrimp, crab) - great soupy mix fantastic with the rice. Jambalaya was very good as well - large chunks of lobster. If I had to choose the winner - the pan roast is the best.- Casino clams very tasty (baked clam with cheese & bread crumbs)- Salads looked great - wish I had more room.- Great service- Casino ParkingCons- Limited counter seating - come early to beat the crowds- Smallish steamed clams (I'd get another pan roast instead)Return Visit- Yes, actually ate here twice during my stay.
4	Wow, I was very pleasantly surprised how good the food was here!!One morning in Vegas, before our departure, one of my friends suggested we go eat here.  The way she described it didn't sound very appealing, and against my will I came here.  Once we got there I found there were only 10-12 seats, its only counter seating, no tables.  We had a group of 4, so it was kinda hard to wait for 4 adjacent spots to be available.Eventually we sat, ordered, and once the food came... WOW!!  I must say it was absolutely delicious!!  We each ordered our own, but the portions were large enough to share for 2.  Ended up taking the left overs home, they packed it very well, and it was just as good many hours later.The chef has a dry sense of humor, but overall a nice guy.  The service was top notch for what you would expect at a counter-top seated "restaurant" in the casino... Needless to say, I've been dying to go back!
5	This place is UBER good! I ordered the CRAB PAN ROAST (#7 spicy). It was VERY TASTY! I tried it with the rice AND pasta. I liked it better with the rice. Only bummer about this place was that no kids are allowed. Will definitely be back when I go to Vegas....This is a must try!
5	I LOVE the Pan Roast!!  Almost everyone I bring here LOVES the Pan Roast!  I consider myself a foodie and this is my favorite place to eat in Vegas...really.  I've been to several fine dining restaurants in Vegas (Delmonico's, Charlie Palmer, Michael Mina to name a few) and this is my favorite place to go because it's a local favorite.  There's usually a line almost every time I come, except if it's right after opening or right before closing.  This time, we got there around 11 am and there was only 1 other person at the bar!  I have NEVER seen that.  It must be a sign of the times.  On to the food....my go-to order is the crab and lobster pan roast, number 6 for spiciness  with 2 scoops of rice.  I've had the combo pan roast with shrimp and oysters,  the linguine vongole and the etouffe but the crab and lobster pan roast is my favorite.  There are large chunks of super-tender  fresh lobster that literally melts in your mouth and a sizable scoop of fresh lump crab.  I always make sure to watch the expression on my newbie friend's faces when they take that first spoonful of pan roast....the initial look of shock at how good it tastes and then the sheer joy afterwards knowing there is a giant bowl of it left to devour. Most dishes are cooked on these heavy-duty metal steamers (see pictures for the visual) that emit steam to cook the dish.  First the veggies are thrown in (tomatoes, celery, onion and peppers maybe) then the fresh seafood is next to cook.  Then the creamy, tomato based roux is added to simmer down and mix together with everything.  Then this heavenly goodness is poured into a large bowl with a sprinkle of chives and a scoop or two of white rice.  It's killing me to write this review from hundreds of miles away.  I usually eat about 3/4 of the pan roast and I always wish I had a larger stomach so I can finish it all.  I keep telling myself I would try the gumbo next time, but I have to have my crab and lobster pan roast first.  We usually get the tall chef with the baseball cap who chats with you like he's been your neighbor for years and the waitresses are supernice and quick with the refills and will wrap up your leftovers in a flash.  Don't judge the book by its cover....I know you'll be skeptical of this bar area when you first arrive but there's a reason why this place is one of the local favorites...it's a hidden gem.  Don't bother trying the pan roast at the other Station locations or even the restaurant that is right next door, they just can't duplicate the original pan roast here at the Oyster Bar.
5	Every trip I make to Vegas, I make to this oyster bar in the Palace Station Casino.  It's first-come, first-served and you sit at a bar so it only holds less than 20 people.  Go early because there usually is a line.  They have very tasty gumbo, oyster appetizers (raw) that they pick out.  They only give you the fresh ones and are very good!  I like their pasta dish, but a lot of dishes are very good on the menu!  Skip the buffets and head over to this oyster bar!
5	This might be my favorite joint in Vegas.  Been coming here for years now and I've tried much of the menu.  They have the best pan roast I've ever had.  I love the sweetness of the pan roast.  The gumbo is also awesome!  Its kind of a more bitter flavor but I love the okra and the sausage in the roux.  The boulliabase is also really good, more tomato flavor than the pan roast but not rich and creamy like the pan roast.  One of my favorites is the clam chowder.  Go here and you will not be disappointed.  Warning though, there is almost always a wait.
5	My fiance and I couldnt decide where to eat, so we decided to go to the Oyster bar inside Palace Station.  She had been there before, but I was pretty skeptical.  The line was about 12 people deep when we got there, and it was 3pm.  We planned on getting a snack before a late dinner.  We waited 2 HOURS to be seated!I had the crab pan roast, and it was amazing.  Requested 6 spicy (on scale of 1 to 10), and t comes with one scoop of rice.  I personally hate waiting in line for food, but it was worth it.  Beware, the line doesnt look long, but 6 people in line probably means an hour wait.  They cook the food upon order, and it takes almost 30 minutes for them to make it.  And the portions are big, so it takes a long time to finish it.  Highly recommended.
4	We were visiting Las Vegas and a friend of ours recommended this place. I am so happy he did because the food was darn good and the price was so reasonable. My boyfriend and I ordered a few things from the menu to share...but the best dish was the palace pan roast...it was so GOOD!!!  Absolutely loved it. Lobster, crab, chicken and sausage were what was in the pan roast, yummy!!! You can order the spiciness of the pan roast on a scale of 1-10. We ordered a six and it wasnt too spicy at all. So the next time we go back I think we will move up the spiciness scale to 7 or 8.  We also ordered the clam chowder. The clam chowder was delicious. It definitley was one good bowl of clam chowder.The oysters were also delicious and there were all kinds of sauces for it. Beers were inexpensive too. If you ordered the 24 or 50 oz you can keep the glass and next time you bring the glass back to any restaurant at Palace Station you get half off for a refill. The reason why I docked off a star was the place is pretty tiny so  there will always be a wait everytime you come. We waited a little over an hour to get seated but the line definitely got longer after we came. The staff was great. The chef was funny and joked around with us a lot. The only thing is that the place only had the chef and a waitress working so at times it took a while to get to us or clean out the empty seats. Overall it was worth the wait and I definitely will become a repeat customer.
5	The breakdown:Crab Gumbo: 5/5Lobster Gumbo: 4.5/5House Gumbo: 4.5/5Jambalaya: 5/5Oyster: 4.5/5My Food Rating = AAmbience: 4/5Service: 5/5Clean: 5/5My Experience Rating: ALocation: 4/5Parking: 5/5Wait: 4/5My Convenience Rating: B+Pros:- One of the best cajun food outside of New Orleans (equally as good is Cafe Boogaloo in Hermosa Beach).- Everything on the menu is tasty, you can't go wrong.- Ample parking spaces.- Great service; the waitress were very attentive and nice. Cons:- Must be 21+ to be served; although this was not a problem for my group.- Price for most items on the menu is a bit high; but you are in Las Vegas, money is just a number.- Beer selection could be better. - Long wait during weekends; the place only seats about 15 at a time.- Food takes a while to prepare; but it's totally worth waiting for.Tip: Come during weekdays if you can, so you can avoid the wait. Share the dishes, the portions aren't small. Pick 5 on the 1-10 level of spice. Bottom Line: The Oyster Bar in Palace Station is  A MUST, especially if you're not into seafood buffet (1.5 hour wait). Come here, you won't be disappointed. I've been here numerous times and have never been let down. The portions are pretty big, so if you're not too hungry, share! Order anything on the menu, they're all delicious. Just don't make it over the top spicy.
5	This place is a must visit if you are in Vegas and want some seafood.  If you come after 4pm, the restaurant seating is open.  IF you come before, you must be 21+ to sit at the bar and be prepared to wait at least 45 minutes.  Now on to the food;  you really cannot go wrong with anything you order wether its the jambalaya, gumbo or pan roasts.  You just need to monitor how hot you make the dishes because its the spice that really brings out the flavor.  They season on a scale of 1-10.  10 being the hottest...As the previous review goes into, parking is plentiful and service is attentive...try it next time you are in town or nearby!
4	I have been coming here for more than 10 years. Every time I am in town I will come at least once. Be prepared to wait 45 minutes to an hour and everyone has to be over 21 to sit at the bar. The pan roast is unique here and you should try it at least once. Their Jamabalaya, Cioppino, Bouillabalsse and Etouffee are all comparable to New Orleans. You can't go wrong here!
5	Planning a trip to Las Vegas?You like gumbo and Jambalaya?  What about oysters not to mention bouillabaisse?Head to the Palace Station!  Of course you need to time your visit because it's only got stools around the bar and if you have to wait, there are no seats.Basically it's a food bar in the casino with a cook and a waitress that doubles as the cashier and busboy.You can watch them making all the food because it's right in front of you.YUMMY - a Vegas must!
5	wow, seriously!! Who'd of thunk I could get yummy good quality seafood in a small (I mean small) eatery at Palace Station of all places.This little bar area right by the slots literally seats about like 20 people at one time.  The waiting does suck a little.. because even though there are two empty seats available, if there's a party of three in front of you, those seats will stay empty.  Advice - I heard them say you're allowed to cut the line as long as the people in front of you are ok w/it.The food's expensive, no getting away from that.. food ranges from $15 - $25.  I should say, it looks expensive when you see where the food's coming from.  Food:  Appetizers:  raw clams or oysters of the half shell, caesar salar w/or w/o shrimp or chicken, alaskan chowder, manhattan or new england clam chowderMain courses:  different kinds of gumbo, cioppino, steamed little neck clams, different kinds of pan roaststo name a few.. and then specials everyday.I shared some oysters w/ my friends.  They were on the small side but definitely NOT lacking in flavor.  They come w/spicy horse radish and lots of different types of hot sauces to pick from - red's, tabasco, all the classics!I had a cup of their new england clam chowder which was definitely worth it, one of the best I've ever had, so creamy and sweet!I shared the house gumbo w/my friend which came w/lobster, crab, shrimp, sausage and chicken.  It's a massive bowl of food, great to share.  Here's a good hint:  it's a little on the saucy side, but if you squirt lemon juice in it, it so makes the dish so much better.The service was good, and fast.  Our waitress was fast, liked to joke around with us, and ifs he wasn't around, the chef who's cooking in front of everyone is more than happy to help you out.What's cool is the chef cooks everything in these cone like pots.  He's cooking different types of gumbo and soups in each one and once he's done plating, he turns the pot downwards and rinses it w/water n starts again.A gem in the middle of a hotel/casino that's most likely not on your list of places to visit while you're in Vegas, but I tell you, the wait and the trip here is well worth it!!
5	Wow - This place is AWESOME!!! The combo pan roast is hands down the best tasting dish I have ever eaten. No kidding. We have been coming back to this restaurant for several years now, and I am never disappointed. It is worth the wait, believe me. The portions are very large, and the chef cooks the food right in front of you, which is fun to watch. While we are waiting in line, we chat with others who also say they come back to this place every time they can. I wish more than anything I could make this at home, but there is something about the secret sauce and the method of cooking (steam filled pipes) that does it right. I HIGHLY recommend this place - even if you don't gamble or stay here; it is worth the trip. Delicious!!!!!!
5	I could go on and on about this place....but then the lines would get longer on the weekends!  I love the Oyster Bar, the Pan Roast is my favorite & I get mine nice & spicy!  Please do not eat here on weekends, that is the only time I come to Vegas and I hate waiting in line!  This is one of my all time worth flying into town for restaurants!I just wish it was not in the smoky Palace Station Casino, maybe it could be closer, right here in the mall in San Jose?  I would be most  happy with that!
5	I decided to write about this amazing hole in the wall 'cos friends of mine came back from LV this past weekend & they did NOT know about the Palace Station Oyster Bar?  I was like "what the...REALLY?!?!?"I WORSHIP THEIR PAN ROAST!!!So, the #1 dish for me there is the Pan Roast (if you couldn't tell already) at level 7 spicy (1 to 10 levels in hotness).  Comes out creamy with different choices of seafood in it with a nice dollop of white rice in the middle.The #2 dish is the Gumbo w/ white rice, but last time I made the mistake of ordering at level 7.  Holy crap - I thought I was going to melt off of the bar stool.  I realized the cream in the Pan Roast masked some of the hotness.  I about died eating the gumbo but it was so tasty, I kept going.We had the fresh oysters on a 1/2 shell but the meat is so huge...it was a little disconcerting - so now when we go, I always get the special oyster shooters (w/ tequila or vodka)...much better!Tried the etouffe - it was alright.  FYI, it's literally a "bar" so I think there was enough seating for maybe 18 people?  But the turnaround is quick - just have someone wait in line while you go play the Wheel of Fortune 25 cent slot 5 yards away!And then make sure to swing by the Pai Gow table.  The dealers there are totally awesome!  They help you out & we end up chilling there for a good 3 hours digesting our food and gambling before heading back to the Strip.
5	The oysters bar has become our "must-go-to" place in Vegas. We came across this place by accident on our last trip and decided to go back. The oysters are fresh and it goes perfectly with a nice cold beer. The clams and shrimps are also delish here. Oh and the clam chowder and the pasta haha. We've been happy with this place on both visits. What's not to like, $20 for a dozen oysters. $8 for steamed manila clams, $5 for 2x beer. Can't beat that.....
5	** This is on my "MUST-GO" list whenever I am in Vegas! **PROS:- Best Pan Roast in Las Vegas!CONS:- Long Lines during peak dining hoursMY EXPERIENCE:If you have read my earlier review on The Buffet at Bellagio, you might have noticed that I stated that it's been a while since I been to an AYCE location in Las Vegas.  And the OYSTER BAR located at PALACE STATION is the reason why I don't go to buffets anymore.  For the same amount of money, I can get something I love and cannot describe myself.  You have to try it out yourself.  My favorite chef at the Oyster Bar is BOB.Remember... The Oyster Bar only have approximately 16 spots at its counter.  Don't go to the Broiler (the restaurant next to it) because it doesn't serve the same quality of food at the Broiler.  If you go during peak hours, expect to wait in line for 30-60 minutes.There are plenty of different dishes available at the Oyster Bar, but I always order the following everytime I visit:- 1 dozen of raw Oyster- Combo Pan Roast #7  (shrimp, crab meat, and lobster)- Bloody Mary Oyster ShootersI have tried their House Gumbo before but think it was a little too salty for me.  The Combo Roast is a tomato based sauce that is sweeter and more to my liking.  OVERALL:I would literally drive to Vegas just to eat this.  I love their Combo Roast!  If I can eat anything as my last meal on earth- This is definitely it!
5	This place will sure please you. Every time I have friends come in town I would take them here. The pan roast is the best I ever had. It the most popular item on the menu. The only bad thing about this place is that there is usually a line because the seating is very limited. There is probably maybe 14 seats. So sometime you could wait an hour or more just to be seated. But I usually wait cause it is worth it. Give this place a try. It's the best oyster bar in the city.
5	I don't get to this side of town, since I prefer the casino's along the strip.  My friend who is a local suggested the Oyster Bar @ the Palace Station.  I ordered the Crab Meat Pan Roast, it was GREAT!!!  Surprisingly I enjoyed the food and the casino isn't as crowded as the ones on the strip.  Great Crab Pan Roast!!!!
5	Don't pass this place up. Yes, the oyster bar is an unassuming counter with only 18 stools in a smoky local casino, complete with slot machines ringing behind you. They don't take reservations so you have to hope they're not busy.  However, the pan roast here is DIVINE and the chefs and waitstaff (especially Dolores) are a hoot. Every time I am in Vegas, I come here for the mixed seafood pan roast. The seafood is succulent and not overcooked, the sauce is rich, creamy and flavorful. I have had other dishes, such as the linguine and the gumbo, but I still prefer the pan roast. It isn't possible to finish a single serving yourself, so either bring someone to share it with or prepare to have leftovers for lunch and dinner the next day. In my opinion, eating the pan roast is worth the minimally increased risk for cancer from the second-hand smoke (haha).
5	IF YOU'RE EVER IN VEGAS, YOU MUST GO HERE. You will regret it if you don't! I heard this as well prior to my first visit, and pondered the same thing, "What's so great about raw oysters?" But aha! It's not only raw oysters, but it's their freakin' PAN ROAST.Sfjalfjsldfsakfjsakfjdsalfjas --- That is what comes to mind; just mind-blowing that nothing can describe how delicious it is!  I ordered the House Pan Roast with noodles at level 7 spiciness.  In case you don't know (cause I didn't), the house pan roast is a bisque-like concoction filled with crab, shrimp, chicken, and sausage.  Super savory, buttery, and total hearty goodness.  The chef would cook your food right in front of you in broilers and dumps it into your bowl!Cons:- It only seats about 15 people, so be prepared to wait. We waited for an hour. The long wait is due to people eating hot/spicy food, which takes more time to consume.- Our chef was totally testy.  A couple of Yelpers mentioned this too and as well the patrons sitting next to us who go there often. The chef is a young, thin woman who never smiles. Apparently the awesome chef is a male one with facial hair who makes convos w/eaters and jokes around.  He was just getting off his shift the moment we sat. Our server, who seemed sweet, got carried away flirting with a group of boys and overlooked us girls who got sat first. She took their order first, and it was an honest oversight. When she saw us, she felt bad and quickly took our order. She reassured us that our food will be cooked before those guys. And we told her to not sweat it. But then the chef snidely says, "It's all gonna be done the same time."  Geez chef lady, the server felt bad, she was making amends to us, why would you do that?All in all, despite the cons of the long wait time and possibility of a not-up-to-par chef, the Oyster Bar gets 5 stars for providing such an extraordinary dish!TIPS: One pan roast for 2 people is plenty! So share and save your money :) And get noodles instead of rice; hey, or both on the side even!Now where can I get pan roast in Orange County, CA?!
5	I'd heard a lot about this spot, so my expectations were very high.  I'm happy to say that Oyster Bar exceeded my expectations.I started out with a half dozen oysters on the half shell, and was surprised to see the chef shucking the oysters himself.  The oysters were solid, and the horseradish brought tears to my eyes.  Very good.Now it was time for the main event, Combo Pan Roast at level six spiciness.  They cook it right in front of you and pour it into a huge bowl.  Then they add a scoop of rice and give you a BIG FUCKING JETHRO BODINE-SIZED SPOON.It was way too much food for one person.  I knew I would be uncomfortable if I ate it all.  But I didn't care.  It was that good.When I got the bill, I saw that they jammed me $8 for a beer where you get to keep the stupid beer glass.  Like my life would not be complete without a Palace Station beer glass.  Normally this would make me a bit grumpy, but I was so pleased with the food that I didn't even care.  MEMO TO SELF: don't order the 23 oz beer next timeIt's well worth the drive (or cab ride) over to the relatively dumpy Palace Station casino for the food at the Oyster Bar.I cannot recommend it more highly.I've been back here several times and the food has been wonderful every time.  Ricardo still remembers me after all this time.  He has a great memory...or maybe there aren't many customers wearing shorts in January who consume a combo pan roast, 6 oysters, 3 beers, and a bloody mary in a single visit.  ;)
3	ok... i understand why people would rave about this place, but it didn't particularly blow me away. my dad and i ordered a dozen oysters, combo pan-roast and crab-meat pan-roast. the raw oysters were very fresh. the pan-roasts were very good-tasting...at least for the first 20 bites. after that, you start to worry about how in the world you will get to the bottom of your bowl. it is a very flavorful dish with generous amounts of seafood. however, it was a bit too cheesy and creamy for my taste. maybe we should have ordered the tomato-based cioppino instead. overall, it is worth a try, but if you're not feeling too ravenous, i suggest sharing just one pan-roast with a friend.
5	The food here was awesome!After hearing rave reviews about this place from a fellow co-worker, we headed to this place located inside of Palace Station, on our last trip to Vegas. Despite all the hype that we heard, this place really delivered. They really weren't kidding when they said it's an oyster bar. It literally is a bar that seats about 20 people total. As a result, you will probably have to wait unless you want to take your food to-go. I think we waited about 40 minutes to get seated (party of 5), on a Saturday afternoon (around 1ish, I believe). All of us had the Combo Pan Roast (since that's what was recommended to us) with varying levels of spiciness. My co-workers got 3, 5, & 7, while I had an 8 which I thought was perfect (but be warned, I like really spicy foods and my co-workers who had their 7s thought it was a bit too spicy already). The food was great. Our chef, Ricardo cooked the Pan Roasts in little pots in front of us, so you can see how fresh everything was. It's kind of a tease though, because you watch your food cook in front of you and all the wonderful aromas bubble in your face for about 20 minutes while you can't eat it yet. haha... If you like oysters, they shuck them in front of you was well. The lobster was succulent, shrimp was perfectly cooked, and the sauce itself was to die for! Portions are also very generous, although we had to get a couple extra scoops of rice, since 1 is really not enough. We also got creme brulee for dessert, which was awesome for only $5 and Ricardo was nice enough to get us extra strawberries from the kitchen. We averaged about $30/per person by the end of the meal, which isn't too bad...I would really recommend this place if you are ever in Vegas. Although it is off the strip, and there was quite a wait, it was definitely worth it. I'm glad we came here and I'm sure I'll be returning again in the near future. You just really need to have patience. By the way, when we left at about 3:30pm there was still a line for this place...
4	Quite a few of my friends have been raving about the Oyster Bar for over a year now but I never had the opportunity to check it out until a couple of weeks ago on a trip out to Vegas.  The Oyster Bar is exactly as it sounds - a small, unassuming bar inside the Palace Station.  We lucked out as the wait wasn't too long.  The service was here was friendly and prompt once we were seated.  For starters we ordered oysters on the half shell which were pretty good.  We also ordered the bloody mary oyster shooters which were also pretty tasty - and they didn't skimp on the vodka. It's really a good thing that we ordered these starters because our entrees took quite some time to cook.My boyfriend and I shared the clam chowder and a combination pan roast with lobster, clams, shrimp, crab and chicken.  We probably should have opted out of the chicken because it didn't taste quite right as part of the combination.  The pan roast was pretty good and I can understand why people rave about it.  However, the pan roast at the Oyster Bar didn't quite blow my taste buds away as it did at The Boiler in Chino Hills.  Also, we ordered our pan roast at a spicy level of 5 and there was barely a kick to it which, in my opinion, makes all the difference.Overall, the Oyster Bar still makes for a great pit stop on a Vegas trip. It would probably be a great hangover meal...hmmmmm. Price per person: $30 - 40 depending on if you're ordering oysters or other starters.
4	Hole in the wall of Palace station but soo good, must try the pan roast and its worth the wait and smokey clothes after.
4	5 stars for the food 2 stars for restaurant operations4 stars overallI went with 3 other friends at 11pm on a  Friday night and ended up waiting 2 .5 hours before getting seated.  (On another visit I went with another friend on a Sat. at 2 pm but didn't get seated until 3:30 pm.)The place seemed chronically understaffed with 2 - 3 visible employees were working very hard to cook the dishes, shell the oysters, serve the drinks and clear the tables seemingly without any breaks.  Turnover was super slow and inefficient with some dirty dishes sitting around up to 15 - 20 minutes before they would be cleared off the counter before another patron could be seated. Once seated, there'd be a lag before they'd come to get our drink orders, then some more lag before they take our food orders, followed by even more lag before the food comes out.  I see the cook and another lady working nonstop so I know they are probably doing the best that they can (on occasion another woman comes out to help clear some dirty dishes). While in line, I keep pacing the length of the bar to see how many more seats are opening up. I also can't help but tell my friends how I'd run the place if I were the manager/owner and could add employees and expand space dramatically and/or have chain locations just to accommodate all the patrons without excessive waits. I'd also implement policies/procedures to eradicate all the inefficiencies and increase sales and customer satisfaction. But alas, when the food does come out, it does not disappoint.  We shared the combo pan roast, the jambalaya, the bouillabase and the gumbo and Bloody Mary oyster shooters.  The flavors are bold and strong, even a little on the salty side, but it really hits the spot. The pan roast and the jambalaya were such satiating comfort foods for my famished belly. The seafood tasted so good. The gumbo and the bouillabase were good but not exceptional. The oyster shooters were just normal.  The prices seem a little high at around $20 something per dish, but the portions are hearty and 4 people can easily share 3 dishes and still be full.Despite the wait, I feel that everyone should try the Oyster Bar at least once. Although I don't like dining by myself, if you don't mind eating by yourself, sometimes they'll let the single diners cut in line and eat first.
5	This is a must have for every trip we make to Vegas.  Hubby and I shared the Alaskan white chowder and the Combo pan roast -- OMG so tasty.  First of all -- neither of us eat like birds and it was plenty of food with out fighting over the tasty tidbits either.  I love that everything is cooked right in front of you and it seems so simple.  I highly recommend the pan roast and the chowder.  We had spice level of 4 and it was just right to give me the sniffles but still really enjoy.  Get there right at 11am when they open if you don't want to wait in line -- there are only 13 seats, period.  But if you do have to wait -- let me assure you it is worth it!
4	awesome ,awesome ,awesome !!!love the shrimp,crab and lobster pan roast . i come here whenever i'm vegas . the best time to go is after normal lunch hours so you don't wait that long. One tip....go alone or with just one more person if you want to get a seat quick .
4	Five stars for the food, but having to listen to the loud casino-type, mind-numbing Top-40 cock-rock  while waiting to sit down, while waiting for food, and while eating was just too much.The New England clam chowder is great, the house gumbo is awesome, and the combo pan roast is out of this world. They ask you how spicy you want your creole dishes on a scale of 1 to 10, and I ordered it 8, which was just right. Others were ordering it at a 30, so fans of spicy food will love this place.
5	I don't what else I can really say to convey the deliciousness of this place except all these raving reviews are not mere exaggerations.  I went to vegas this past memorial day weekend and of all the great things we did in this wonderfully sinful city, eating at this place was one of the most memorable.  In fact, I have the leftovers sitting in my fridge right now and I haven't been able to stop thinking about it ALL DAY.  I seriously cannot wait to go home and eat it.  Their pan roast is one of the most delectable soups I've ever eaten.  The seafood lends an incredible sweetness and savoriness to the amazingly seasoned tomato bisque.  The spices and seasoning are perfectly balanced and create a truly complex flavor that is smooth and rich without being overly potent or creamy.  I would say it is comparable to the specialty soups they serve in fancy glass cups at fine dining restaurants, except you get a whole heaping bowlful for a very decent price.  It's 20 bucks per bowl but that is easily shared among two people.  Although, you definitely won't want to share and just take home the leftovers for yourself.  The seafood is incredibly delicious and fresh both in the soups and by itself.  I don't think I've ever had that quite as good as they were here.  I know the build up for this restaurant is incredibly high and your expectations may seem too great but even if you read mine plus dozens other reviews, you won't be disappointed.  The only reason you may not like it is the wait but trust me when I say it is worth the wait.  Everything is made fresh and the flavor profile of their pan roast is truly unique.  mmmMMmmm......still thinking about that soup in my fridge.
5	I finally got to come here and to see what all the hype over the pan roast was all about. I asked the guy waiting in line in front of me if he had been here before and he said that he comes here every time he is in town. He said he always get the pan roast w/crab and lobster. Him and his wife even moved to the other side of the bar so me and my +4 could sit together. Thank you awesome couple from Cali!!You have to be 21 to eat here and you're limited to 1 pan roast per person and no take-out. The 2 couples each shared 1 and I got 1 all to myself!! The other 2, we had them box it up for my aunt n uncle (the sneaky way to still get take-out, which was suggested by our waitress). We got 4 combo pan roasts (lobster, crab, and shrimp) and 1 palace pan roast (i can't remember what is in it) with our rice on the side. I got mine at level 7 spicy, which was perfect for me. They have these crazy looking steamers that cook each pan roast right in front of you. I think it cooks for about 10 minutes. It was everything I expected, except that an extra order of rice was $2.49.
4	I hate everything about the Palace Station except the Oyster Bar.  Loved the pan roast.  It was rich, tasty and spicy.  It was chocked full of tender fresh seafood.  Just like Louisiana!!!  Loved the calamari also. Could not even finish 1/4 of the huge serving.  This place just seats just 20 people, so prepare for a long wait if you do not show up at an off time (like 4PM on a weekday).  Its a great place for couples, but a trio or more might have a struggle finding a place to sit together.  Everyone is really social at the Oyster Bar, which added to my experience.  Will definately be back
5	I've been coming here for years (also heard people come here for years whenever they visit LV) and introduced my husband to this place. This location is very small (the seating is around a dozen stools and the chefs prepare and cook everything right there in front of you), so get there early if you want to avoid the crowd. I love love love love the House Gumbo (the deluxe version of Gumbo with sausage, chicken, and seafood). Although I have tried other menu specialities, I keep getting the House Gumbo. I've found that how great your meal is, really depends on the cook (I like my gumbo spicy). The portions have gotten slightly smaller over the years, but I still eat half, and save half for later. Meals (gumbo or pan roast dishes) come with crackle bread (generous serving), a hard roll, and a scoop of rice. Also, this location does not serve Jambalaya anymore. So, we go to the Sunset Station's Oyster Bar, because my husband really likes the Jambalaya. I've given this place five stars because I have never been disappointed, the service is really good, and even on a busy day, you can get a really good meal here- it's still worth the wait, anyway. If you want gumbo, this is the place for you. (The pan roast is more creamy and I am not a creamy sauce person.)
2	Wow.  After staying at the Palace Station and reading all these wonderful reviews of Oyster Bar, I had some seriously high expectations of this place, despite it being in a Casino.  Possibly it is because I live on the ocean with access to literally just caught oysters, but I was highly dissatisfied by this place; especially after all the hype.  My clam chowder was good, my friend's salmon was good and cooked professionally...  But the whole reason we went there, was for the oysters.  We got a dozen, and while they were of pretty good quality in terms of taste (not the best, but I am spoiled), the guy who shucked them had absolutely no clue what he was doing or was in a rush because I've never had so much broken shell in an oyster, ever.  I can shuck better then that on my own.  I almost broke a tooth and it ruined the entire experience.  This is absolutely unacceptable for a place that is touted as a highly recommended Oyster Bar.  2 stars from me.  We still left a +20% tip, but I won't take a chance at this place again.  If you can get a good shucker, the prices are great and the other food was good.  Disappointed I had to experience it this way.
5	My co-workers brought me to this truly culinary gem, hidden within the Palace Station Casino during our one of company trips to SEMA.After walking 5 mins through the Palace Station Casino.  You will find yourself @ the Oyster Bar and most likely a long line. **20-40min wait**  The Oyster bar seats about 18-20 ppl.  While waiting in line, I was told by my co-workers and people in line that the Palace Pan Roast and the fresh raw oyster were A-Must try.   The Palace Pan Roast is a big bowl of delicious creole broiled goodness; it  comes with shrimp, crab meat, and sausages mixed together in a tasty stock of creamy, tomato stew.  They will ask you how spicy you what your pan roast, I got something between mild and spicy, which was just the right for me.  You have the options of a scoop of rice or pasta to go along with your yummy Pan Roast.All this is cooked live in front of you with stream powered pots.My co-workers ordered 2 dozen of the raw oysters, but I wasn't in the mood for raw oysters that night.   They looked delicious, and fresh enough for me to have some, when I return to Vegas this summer.  They were HUGE too!Oyster Bar has made it on my list of places to stop by everytime I am in Vegas now.
5	Wow... by far the best oyster bar/seafood restaurant I've been to. Granted, I'm not much of an oyster fan... nor go to a lot of just seafood restaurants but still. This gem is hidden in a really ghetto casino called Palace Casino off the strip. And this establishment consists of just one bar table like setup. The wait is just ridiculous but definitely worth it. Ordered the Pan Roast... it's a soup and you can get either a side of rice or noodles to put in there. It's so mouth-watering that I'm watering right now as I write this. It is a little pricey but again... worth it.
5	This is a total hole in the wall, off the radar, random, Oyster Bar/Seafood eatery.  However from the entertaining 'cooking show,' and the deliciously made-to-order dishes, this place is as good as it gets and is definitely some good eats! I'd like to thank my boyfriend for introducing me to this place who in turn learned about this place from a buddy of his with which the word of mouth chain goes further and further back.  We've been here multiple times since my first visit and have enjoyed our meals each time.Located inside Palace Station Hotel/Casino, thiis hotel is off the strip so get on the 15 North (if you're coming from the strip) and exit Sahara to make a left.  You'll see the hotel on your left as you exit. This is a classic example of how looks can be deceiving.  This hotel is geared towards an older and more local crowd and its very apparent as you take in the exterior of the building (outdated and small) and the interior of the building (outdated and small). The times that we've made plans to eat here, we've gone super early....often the first ones waiting in line for them to open in order to guarantee that our large party will be seated without a problem. During my first visit we had a group of 8 and since the rest of the group was in the know, they advised we get there even before the place opened. ****This eater is set up like an actual bar with bar seating.  Seating here is extremely limited with no more than 20 people being served at  at  time.**** Once you're lucky enough to grab a coveted seat, sit back to enjoy the show and the food.  With regards to 'the show' the chefs make your dish right before your eyes and this isn't your typical 'boil some water throw in some ingredients and seasonings in a pot on a stove.' Instead there are unique contraptions all around the bar  (I can't even begin to explain what the set up is like).  However, its these unique contraptions that somehow transform simple ingredients into a rustic meal that is both satisfying and HUGE.  Its quite a show when the chef(s) are cooking away, adding ingredients and spices, using all of these contraptions at the same time.  The roasts are presented to you in enormous white bowls and a large spoon to dig right in and enjoy. Each time I've gone, I always think I can finish the entire bowl but it never quite ends up happening...probably due to the side of bread they also give you to sop up the delicious stew.  When me and the boyfriend go, he orders either the shrimp roast OR the combo roast (includes lobster, shrimp, and crab) with pasta. I've also had the shrimp and combo roasts but with rice (I'm Filipino so I need my daily fix of rice!) and I've also tried the house gumbo.  I've already set my eye on trying the cioppino and bouillabaisse dishes for future visits.  Even if we come with a large party, the server is really good about asking if we'd like the bill all on one tab or split among different groups within our party.  The dishes are relatively cheap considering the quality of the food is undeniably fresh and tasty. A definite 'must try' while in Vegas!
4	4.5 stars. My bf and I came here for lunch on our last day in Vegas. This place is totally off strip, randomly located in Palace Station Casino (so far, even our cab driver questioned why we were going all the way out there). We ordered the combo roast (me) and jambalaya (him), both at level 7 spicy (on a scale of 1-10). YUM! Both were delicious, not to mention HUGE in portion size (we had leftovers). All the flavors blended together very nicely, and the spice was a great kick. If only this place wasn't so far away from everything else in Vegas!-L.
5	Went here for dinner on a Thursday night. Waited about 20 minutes and it was worth the wait!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I had the shrimp gumbo, and other people in my party ordered the seafood gumbo and the pan roast. Absolutely amazing!First, the bowl of gumbo was about $17, but the bowl was HUGE! I could barely eat half of it, but felt guilty leaving any behind! They ask you how spicy you want it (1-10). I ordered a 7 and it was hot enough to give a kick, but not burn my tongue. The shrimp was fresh, large and the food was cooked right in front of us which was fun! My boyfriend usually HATES seafood and he could not stop eating his mixed seafood gumbo. Although this place is off the strip  a bit at the Palace Station, it's worth the ride over. The atmosphere was incredible. Service is at a bar with about 20 seats and the cooks and owner are there chatting with you and are super friendly. It's a great place to meet the people sitting next to you and have some AWESOME food. Portions are ginormous so I easily could have split my bowl of gumbo. For the next 5 days of my vacation, I kept on craving this place! Can't wait to go back! Delicious!
5	This place is hidden in a casino called Palace station. You might never even heard about this casino but oh MG, the food is just the BEST. I always order Bouillabaisse with spicy level 7. It was just mouth watering...Just LOVE this place
5	This is the best place in vegas baby if you don't visit them you will miss out
5	No more buffets! Before leaving Vegas the bf and I had dinner here before hitting the road. When we arrived at 730 we waited for about 15 minutes before 2 seats were available. We ordered the pan roast with a half dozen oysters. Mmmmmm. We ate some bread while we watched as our food was being prepared. The oysters arrived and I was ready to dig into my share. I ate 4 of them! The pan roast arrived and it smelled good. We got a level 5 on the spiciness. It was just perfect. Not too spicy. We didn't finish our pan roast. Toooooooo full. The staff here is always friendly and attentive to the customers.
5	This is the best place in Vegas baby if you don't visit them you will miss out
5	One spoon in my mouth and I'M HOOK FOR LIFE!!! Everytime I go to Vegas this is the place I visit before I leave...Total satisfaction everytime!!! My trip will not be complete if I don't get some pan roast, raw oyster, jumbalaya in my tummY!  People are starting to discover  this hidden treasure which is awesome but not good for me because I waited two hours in line the last time but totally worth every minute...hopefully they expand
5	As hole in the walls goes...this ain't no surprise to locals and many out-of-towners. The key buy here is to sit outside in the relatively smokey casino portion (under the hoods and next to the member rewards card center) and NOT (I repeat NOT) to sit inside the Broiler restaurant. Why not you ask?2 words: STEAM POTSAdd to that the guys who cook up their crazy concoctions - JJ and Greg - as well as the cool under pressure server Dolores (aka Dolly) and you won't be disappointed. It's like having your favorite sports' dream team serving you up some serious good eats. And...unlike many LV shows, you won't have to pay a pretty penny for these guys to entertain you. And that's kind of what this is....steam pot seafood dishes (pan roast, bouillabaisse, cioppino, gumbo, etc) made fresh to order EVERY order with a show to boot. Think of this as Benihana with steam pots. And just like when you were a kid and the tepanyakia chefs would entertain with their knives and histrionics....well, you get that here with ribs and jabs to customers sitting at the "bar".Just a quick note: do not confuse this place with the other Station casino copies - e.g., Tidelands Oyster bar elsewhere. This place is all about the chefs (JJ and Greg)...those other places make the same dishes...but the skill and adaptability to changing orders on the fly is not there. Plus some of these places don't use steam pots. They cook it on a stove top. Boo! What's so awesome about the steam pots then?For starters, the steam pots NEVER overcook your precious cargo load of seafood these guys put into your dish. Seriously, everytime I've ordered something here, I've been amazed at 1) the quality of seafood, 2) the portions of seafood and 3) how perfectly tender and succulent the seafood is cooked each time. The other thing is just watching these guys cook up their creations using the pots....it's SO cool! We usually order the combo pan roast which runs you a hefty $20....but if you consider the fact that you get huge portions of shrimp, lobster and big pieces of lump crab...PLUS you could easily feed 3 people with the servings you get. Well, it's not a bad deal right? What's also best is just being able to specify your specific heat level in ANY dish. They will accommodate you. I've requested 4 fresh habaneros in my pan roast before...but the usual scale of 1 - 10 applies for those not accustomed to the H-bomb, as I refer to it.If a tomato cream-based pan roast doesn't suit you, they have several other dishes that are made exclusively in their steam pots like seafood bouillabaisse (w/ crab legs, mussels, clams, shrimp), gumbo (e.g., crab only, shrimp only, combo), pasta dishes (vongole, shrimp, etc.), as well as an Alaskan chowder, jambalaya and red beans and rice. I've never tried there namesake (oysters) here, but I've heard good things...I'm just a bit of an oyster snob so if I don't know the source of them (Kumomotos, Blue Points, etc), I usually shy away from eating them. But then again, why bother? B/c all you need to know is that they have STEAM POTS FTMFW!!!!One final word of advice, it packs up in a line here around dinner time (waits can be as long as an hour or more depending on party size - only ~18  seats at the bar). Since everything is first come first serve, don't expect any favoritism or joking around with skipping the line. Dolly, JJ and Greg are serious when it comes to that line. Think "soup nazi". If you're short on time, go between the lunch hour and dinner time (1 - 5pm) for almost immediate service. Also, if you're a frequent gambler or you get mailings from the Station casino rewards programs...you can score some free eats (e.g., $45 coupons). If not, go sign up at the booth next door and you'll see what I mean (hopefully you can use it on your next visit). Also, if you're shy about eating a whole $20 bowl of food...just say you're sharing one of their creations. They're totally okay with that. And yes, beer and wine can be ordered here. Last visit, they got rid of Gordon Biersch in favor of Kona Longboard - awesome. Finally, can't find the place? Look for the line of Asians here. Seriously...we know good seafood. 'nuff said.Despite the OJ debacle of Palace Station, Oyster Bar should not be overlooked on your next off-strip visit to LV. Makes me wonder..."what if OJ ate here?" Ask Dolly...she'll know.
5	Still amazing. We make it a point to stop by this place for our 'combo pan roast' fix whenever we're in town. What is not to love about generous portions of seafood succulently cooked in a creamy sauce of tomato paste, sherry, heavy cream and other spices? Not to mention the hilariously entertaining staff and the friendliness of the other patrons you'll be seated elbow-to-elbow with. Definitely an off-strip Vegas experience you need to see for yourself.
5	Living and visiting Las Vegas I try to stop by The Oyster Bar at Palace Station Casino to get some of that delicious Pan Roast or Seafood Gumbo. I try to explain to people what the food is like and until you actually go and taste it you really can't get the goodness in words.Here is a photo from last time I was there: http://www.flickr.com/photos/jeremyandrews/4826303270/in/set-72157624570150854/This place is often imitated in Las Vegas, and I have tried some of the imitators and they can't get the flavor and experience down right. The Oyster Bar is not a high-end looking place or a restaurant per se, more of a cut out in the wall right off the casino. I like that it is in Palace Station, because if it was in a high traffic casino on the strip the line would be way too long. Plus, it is good to enjoy the old school casinos and take a break from the fake, and expensive ones on the strip (may just be me from living there so long).If you go around lunch or dinner expect a wait because there is only like 20 seats which are high chairs around the Oyster Bar. You sit right next to other people, which is good for striking up conversation and talking about the good food you are eating. The cooks prepare everything right in front of you which is fun to watch and gets your appetite going.My favorite thing to order is the Combo Lobster and Oyster Pan Roast which is served in a sweet and spicy tomato bisque sauce. I usually substitute the scoop of rice that is served with it and get linguine pasta instead. The highlight is the sauce and how they cook it in those steam pots, so if Lobster and Oysters are not your thing, add something else like shrimp or something, whatever you get, the tomato bisque will be GOOD! My second favorite dish there is the Seafood Gumbo which is served with a scoop of white rice, so many good flavors and tastes going on.These are good sized portions so be prepared for a doggy bag. On the other hand, if you came to eat, enjoy some appetizers like Oysters on the shell (be sure to view a few before ordering, it's Vegas after all, and note the season you are in), shrimp cocktails, and I usually go for the Caesar Salad (nothing special, but tasty). There is also deserts available. Soft Drinks, Draft & Bottled Beer, and Wine too.I seriously dream about this food from the Oyster Bar when I am not in Las Vegas, enjoy!Oh, and they will ask you if you want 1-5 spicy for heat, instead I suggest getting a little heat like 1 or 2 and later just add hot sauce to taste which are available on the bar in front of you. Nothing like having a big bowl of great food but not a good idea to get 5 stars of heat and unbearable to eat.
5	Went back here this weekend during our August b'day babies trip!Had the boulliabaise (sp?) spicy level 8 with linguini & combo pan roast spicy level 8.  Both were so delicious!We tried to order the baked oyster rockefeller but were informed that it's only available after the back kitchen opens up at 4 p.m.  Next time!Did a little gambling of paigow at the tables before heading back to LA - massive traffic on the 15S - crawling crawling - but Oyster Bar kept us filled & happy for the 6-1/2 hours of hellish driving!Thank you OB!
5	Holy crap.  Two of us ordered, to share, a dozen oysters and a #8 spicy house gumbo.  We were full and delicious, as was the food.Back it up though.  This place actually is a bar -- under 21, no deal -- and there's not much room so I'm guessing you have to wait if you go at a normal eating time.  We didn't.It's at Palace Station Casino, and they've got a shuttle to/from Fashion Show mall which is way cool.  Shuttle is free (but tip the guy, will ya?)Oysters were freaking huge and delicious.  So big points for the first dish.#8 spiciness was a bold move, and I'll admit that my lips were burning, but I stand by it.  We needed some extra sourdough rolls to dull the pain, but damn damn damn that gumbo was good.  Crammed with shrimp cooked just right and tasty okra (and geeze, I don't even like okra! but I ate every bit) plus various other fishiness, I can't even describe how this masterpiece tasted.  Full of flavor, and the spice was not heat for the sake of heat -- this was delicious, full-bodied, kick you in the face in a nice way gumbo.
5	I always come here for the oysters and the Combo Pan Roast. Very good! Expect to wait long if you're with a large group.
5	By far my favorite place to dine in Vegas. Seating is limited and you have to wait but the pan roast makes it well worth it... I can't remember the last Vegas trip without having the pan roast at least once....
5	Sigh...I'm craving for the Combo Roast right about now.. I'm sure one day I'll find my way to Vegas just to eat the Combo Roast.  This time I'm not sharing either!! The portions are big enough for 2 people to share but next time I'm getting my own bowl.
4	I LOVE the Oyster Bar here! I try my hardest to stop by here every time I'm in Vegas. It only gets a 4 star due to the lack of seating and wait time. I definitely recommend this place!
2	I love the concept of sitting at the bar, watching the chef whip up jambalaya, mussels in a wine sauce or chowder. The portions are huge. I feel like I'm almost sitting some place on the East Coast. We ordered a huge bowl of chowder that came with crab and prawns. It was too salty for my taste. Unfortunately, after we were doing eating, I only felt regret.
5	Did someone say that Oysters makes you STRONG like a BULL? Yes, I said it! The Oyster Bar may just be the best kept secret in Sin City. I have been coming here for over 10 years and the food is AMAZING. When I started coming here there was never a line but now you will have to probably have to wait at least an hour to get seated. So my advice to you all is to get here right when it opens or you'll be waiting for a while especially during the weekend. These New Orleans Chefs are Freaking Hilarious....Bob (noon shift) and JJ (night shift). They will have you rolling the whole time. I always start off with a dozen Oysters. They have the freshest oysters in town and I guarantee that it will melt in your mouth. I have tried everything on the menu. So here are my recommendations:#1 Bouillabaisse - My all time FAVORITE. This is a classic french dish made with tomato, saffron, wine, garlic, leeks, and seafood including crab, cod, prawns, lobster, mussels, and clams. Since, I am naturally HOT, I get my Bouillabaisse at a spicy level of 7. #2 Palace Pan Roast is their top selling dish. #3 House Gumbo - Tasty Creole chowder with seafood, sausage, and okra. #4 Linguini with Shrimp Scampi - Made to perfection.The price ranges from $15-$22. You have the option to have rice or linguini (extra charge) with your soup. Also, they will ask you how spicy you want it. So choose your number wisely! If you ordering a frosty beverage make sure to keep the glass. The next time you come back and trust you'll be back... the beer will be 1/2 price.  I have tried all these dishes but I am truly in love with my Bouillabaisse. If this place is good for OJ Simpson then it's good for me. "If your pants splits then you are in BLISS!!
5	came here in a large group at an awkward time so seating was not too bad.we ordered raw oysters, Bloody mary oyster shooters with absolute vodka, Lobster/crab/shrimp/chicken/sausage combo roast, some pasta, and baked clams.  OMG everything was so good.  the raw oysters were fresh.  the bloody mary oyster shooters were delish, the baked clams were baked perfectly, and the combo roast was to die for.  me and one of my friends shared the combo roast and it was more than enough.  it was good with rice, but we ordered pasta to try it and it wasnt bad.  anyone that comes here i highly recommend the combo roast.  overall, this was my favorite oyster bar experience ever.  really really good food.
4	Three weeks after our "Las Vegas Food Tour" we find ourselves back in Sin City. We were back for a friend's birthday and we arrived a day early. So for the few that came early, we decided to get something good before slurping down gallons and gallons of fat tuesdays and liquor that would eventually result in stuffing our faces with some trash fast food. This was a grapevine recommendation so I was a little reluctant but I'm no snob, I'll eat it if you say its good. Keep in mind, this place seats about 14-18 people. Soo... depending on how large your party is the line can take quite a long time. For a group of four the wait was about 45 mins. It was tough especially because we were starving. But it is definitely worth the wait! We ordered a dozen clams and half a dozen oysters as appetizers. This was more than enough for 4 people. The clams were ginormous, this was the first time that I ever had clams uncooked, but top them with some horseradish, cocktail sauce and your choice of hot sauce and you've got a ridiculous combination of flavors in your mouth. The clams and oysters were VERY fresh but not the best I've ever had. That award goes to Swan Oyster Depot in SF. They do have the best and only Pan Roast I have ever tasted on the other hand. We all got the combination Pan Roast that consists of shrimp, crab, and lobster. They also give you a choice of how spicy you want it with a rating of 0-10. I ordered a 4 and I though it was the perfect amount of heat. It tasted like a huge bowl of lobster bisque and I definitely wasn't complaining. The best thing to do IMO is to order one Pan Roast and get an extra order of rice for two people. Trust me... its plenty. We also topped it off with a $20 bottle of wine which is a steal for Vegas. This place is a definite hidden gem in the long lost Palace Station. I will definitely be back!
5	If you like this kind of food you will love this place. Had the pan roast combo and it was great. Cannot wait to go back.
4	I've been wanting to try the Oyster Bar for a long time after seeing it on Yelp. It was Wednesday evening around 7:00 pm and I lucked out and waited only 10 minutes for the perfect seat. I was seated in the middle of the bar which gave me the perfect view of the chef creating all his southern style entrees. I ordered the combo pan roast which has lobster, crab and shrimp simmered in a thick stew like liquid with a scoop of steamed rice added in. The stew is great for dipping your bread in. I enjoyed the dish but wished the lobster and crab was not cooked to disintegration and left no chunks of lobster or crab although the stew flavor was awesome. The size is very large and went great with a tall imported beer. My neighbor next to me had the jambalaya and that looked yummy and he ate everything. I checked out the trays of oysters on the half shell and they looked very fresh and were pretty large too. When I departed there was a line of about ten people so I advise getting there early. Here is the full menu that you can check out. http://www.palacestation.com/dining/oyster-bar/menu.pdf
4	And this was the beginning of the Creole steamer cuisine addiction for me and my love. After numerous recommendations from Vegas-holics, we decided to try this place. I was very skeptical... "How could a seafood soup-y thingie be so wonderful? What's with all the hype?" Little did I know, this one trip would change our culinary lives...First of all, I wanted to leave after standing a half hour in line in the middle of Palace Station to sit around a counter... After we were sat, and got our sourdough rolls, my tune changed entirely!We ordered the House Pan Roast, a bowl of Clam Chowder, and some Oyster Shooters. All three were absolutely amazing! The flavor of the seafood soup-y thingie AKA House Pan Roast was unlike any other dish I had tasted before. The clam chowder was thick, full of flavor, and delicious! The oysters were so fresh... Half of the fun here is watch the servers cook with the steamers and prepare the oyster shooters. They were really friendly and fun, and made the night so enjoyable!Although we love the Vegas Oyster Bar, we now frequent The Boiler (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-boiler-chino-hills#hrid:o0b5YAfN8Ndd7t8lNhtz6Q) in our area, which is run by Chef Ritter who started the Vegas location. No more waiting awkwardly in a casino, smelling cigarette smoke - this location is much bigger, with the same amazing of food, if not more (although I do miss those amazing sourdough rolls from the Vegas location... and oyster shooters)!
5	I made it a priority to come here after reading the glowing reviews on yelp. Did Oyster Bar live up to the hype... Hells yeah!!My guy and I started off with a dozen oysters which were pretty small but ok. I then ordered the combo pan roast... AWESOME!! It was a creamy tomato based seafood stew with lobster, crab and shrimp. It's served in a huge bowl with a scoop of rice. The flavor was rich and full of ocean goodness. I seriously had a 'wtf' moment and declared Palace Station as one of my must go places when I come to Vegas.You get to pick your spice level from 1 to 10. I got a 7 which was great for me but be warned they don't mess around. My bf's etouffee was an 8 and it left my mouth pretty hot for awhile.If you don't want to wait in line come here during the week at a weird time. We went on a Wed at 3 and sat down right away. Bob the chef told me there is an hour and a half wait on weekends.Bottom line: If you are looking for a delicious and original seafood sensation... Oyster Bar is for you!!
5	Oyster Bar is amazing.  Its located inside Palace Station, which is an older casino/hotel just a little off the strip.We came here on a Wednesday afternoon so there was no wait, but it quickly filled up.  Its worth the wait, if you do come during a rush.We started with 1/2 dozen oysters.  They're fresh and delicious.  We then shared a Pan Roast.  Its big enough to share between 2 people.  We also asked for an extra side of rice, which they gave to us kindly.  The Pan Roast is amazing.  You have a choice between shrimp, crab meat, or a combination.  Everything is cooked in front of you.  You can choose your spice level, too.  I really like the staff.  Its a small bar, so there's one waitress/server and one cook.Check it out on your next visit to Vegas!  I know I'll be there every Vegas trip.
5	The best restaurants are really all about the lasting impression that they leave on you weeks, months after you leave. The first time I had the seafood pan roast at Oyster Bar, I thought: Hmm, amazingly well cooked, strong flavors, quite delicious, but too bold and rich for me to return. Little did I know, OB had worked its spell on me. I find myself craving this pan roast in the early mornings..late at night..when I'm dining on other things o.O. Darn you Oyster Bar for making me want mooore.Since then, I've revisited and had the Jambalaya (abundant) and the Gumbo (prettttyyy good as well). I've also tried the clam chowder (SF does it better) and the oysters (briny, refreshing, but kinda dinky). No doubt, the shining star is the pan roast. I am currently counting down to my next helping..mmm..nommm....I'm fortunate enough to be a temporary local, so wait times are not too bothersome for me, but coming at odd hours is highly recommended as their bar seats no more than 14. The bar is attached to the Broiler so look for that on all the Palace Station signs as OB isn't even labeled o.O. Waitress and cook are a hoot. Awesome service and amazing food. I can't wait til my next Vegas guests come so that I can drag them here with me.
5	I must agree with the majority and say that this place rocked! After reading a few (okay, TONS of) reviews I was really excited to eat here. I kind of worried that the reviews may have over-hyped it, but nope. I can honestly say that the pan roast is absolutely delicious!  But, I did like the clam chowder a lot more. As someone else mentioned, it wasn't too salty like other clam chowders tend to be - it was extremely flavorful and just perfect. That's right, perfect. My BH had some oysters and said they were tasty as as well. We had beers with our meal and got to keep the beer glass for half price refills in the future.I know they say the line gets really long, but we lucked out! We went on a Friday at around 3 PM and all the seats were filled (about 18 or so; it's an ACTUAL bar) but we were the first in line and only waited like five minutes. Our server was awesome! Very attentive and just a really friendly person.   Overall, this is just one of those rare gems that you have to experience on your own to really understand its awesomeness (is that a word?)!!Oh and PS there's a spiciness level of 1 - 10 for the Pan Roast. We got a 7 and it was pretty damn spicy. The man eating next to us got a 6 and was sweating the whole time he was eating so I would say start low and just add some sauce if you want it spicier.
5	Found this place like everyone else from yelp.  We went on a Tuesday night and sat down right away.  Sat next to a couple who said that this was their first time being able to sit down without a long wait.  The food is just AMAZING!!!!!!  The portions are huge and the staff was great :)  I wanted to go back again the next day.  We will definitely be coming back here on my next Vegas trip.
5	Food was very tasty, prices not expensive, too many choices and not enough stomachs.  Will be a regular stop in Vegas for me.
5	This place is a gem in Vegas!  The combo pan roast with lobster, crab, and shrimp is amazing!  Definitely worth the wait in line!
4	so i wasn't too hot on going to the palace station since that place is a little on the 'ghetto' side... i know, i know, i'm a casino/hotel snob!!! but my bf's sister and mom wanted to go to the 'oyster bar' there for both their bday dinners so i agreed to hang out at the station! :) to my surprise this so called oyster bar place was pretty cool!! the food was very very delicious and the chef cooked the entrees right in front of the bar in a metal like pot! it was great to see the food being prepared.i ordered my typical "clams and linguine" and it wasn't bad! :)i heard this place gets packed and there is usually a line. i suggest you go on a off night around 8pm. (they close at 11pm) there is only about 18-20 stools to sit on, so be prepared that there are no tables available!
5	This place is amazing! possibly my favorite restaurant in Vegas!! it's a bar in the middle of the Palace Station casino, so you have to be 21 to eat there.. they cook the gumbo, chowder or pan roast right in front of you! & there's usually a 30-45 min wait but it doesn't matter when you try the pan roast (my favorite) omg! Heaven in a bowl!!Just thinking about it now make me miss Vegas... :-(
4	first things first, the food is EXCELLENT!the pan roasts are a must try and the chowders are full of seafood, this vegas jewel is my kinda place!  *tip: when the waitress asks what spice level u want for ur pan roast, say spicey!  even if u can't handle that much spice, like myself, its sooo much better with that kick.  mild just lacks character and that extra oomph, it also turns out to be too saltyNOW...on to the other stuff...there are a few things u have to understand before u go to the oyster BAR.1. they are true to their name, its a BAR!!! there are no tables, its not a restaurant, they are a BAR literally with about 15 seats.  one chef cooking right in front of u and one waitress.  so if u have been fully warned, don't be upset if u have to wait. 2. be nice to the waitress, she's the gatekeeper.3. the line is a standing line, do not cut, and don't have one person stand in line for ur party of 8, ppl will be very upset with u & its just bad etiquette.know all this info and be prepared to accept it before u go, otherwise just don't bother.
4	4 stars based on the food.Actually, I have only tried the Seafood Pan Roast. And the dinner rolls are yummy too! There is only about 15-20 seats around this bar and no other seating. Sometimes the waiting line is so long since seating is limited. Definitely not good for large groups, and I personally do not like it when there is a large group ahead of me.The 2nd time I was there, there was about 3 parties ahead of us and the group right in front of us was a party of 7. But there was only 2 people in line for the 7 people. That made me angry! You can't take a number and leave, you need to wait in the line to be seated. But whatever, for the most part, it was worth the wait. We waited about 1 hour to be seated.The food does take a little while too, but you see them make it right in front of you. The first time I went, I was BLOWN AWAY by the food. It was about $20-$25 for the entree, but its a big portion. The other items seemed delicious too. Definitely need to go back to try the other items.The Pan Roast is apparently a very exclusive thing and you can't really find the recipe online. We ended up buying a mock recipe from a guy, doesn't taste the same, but I actually liked our recipe more than the one here. So the 2nd time we went back, not as amazing, but still GREAT!Service wise, not the best, but it is just a bar. The server isn't super nice or anything, but still efficient. Definitely somewhere everyone should try at least once! I think late lunch/early dinner is best time to go without much of a wait.
5	This place is literallly like a bar in the middle back of the casino.  When I saw people lining up, i was thinking really?  Anyway,  I had the Seafood jambalaya and house gumbo.  Both very good.  I love the way they cook it.  The warm dinner rolls are good too but dont fill your stomachs with that.  Its actually more filling to the stomach than it looks.  I can't wait to come back!The first time I had this, I tried the spicier one which ended up being spicier than I had anticipated so I wasn't able to finish.  This time, I ordered mild and I was able to grasp all the pieces I wanted.  Theres usually a wait but its well worth it especailly if your hungry.
5	my mom took me here with dad of course because she loved their cioppino and my mom doesn't really care much for seafood so that says alot.  the place was just a bar with a long line of people waiting to get a seat & eat at the bar, we waited of course and it was worth it.  my dad & I ordered raw oysters and did the bloody mary oyster shots and we both ordered beer with our meals.  i ended up ordering the 2 combo lobster & crab, dad ordered the 3 combo lobster, crab & shrimp and of course mom ordered the cioppino...everything was yummy.  it's definitely comfort food.  you get to pick your desired hotness of your dish from a scale of 1 to 10, of course 10 being the most spicy.  i picked 5 and i really couldn't tell, next time i'll pick 9 :)  but I couldn't even finish it because the portions were so big so if you're not a big eater make sure to split the dinner.  i definitely want to go back again for sure!  who wants to take a trip to vegas with me ;)
5	Visited vegas this weekend for the gun show took my ex-co worker to this place. He loved it and we had a blast, We had the following1) Combo seafood pot roast #7 Spicy out of 10  me 2) Cioppino Seafood Pasta # 10 Spicy out of 10 (WTF) friend3) Kirin Draft Beer ( you keep the glass)A unique way to eat, although the amount of seafood they give now is less than before in all it was still a great dinner experience.
5	Loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooove the Palace Station Pan Roast Combo! (Sausage, Crab, Shrimp, and Chicken) with Level 5 spicy goodness. Portions are very large, if you're going to do oysters, possibly share the pan roast. Or if you're Hercules, tackle it on your own! My dear boyfriend had the Palace Station Jambalaya - yummm! My friends and I also shared a dozen oysters. It was a great send off from Vegas to come here on our way home. Pre-Warning... there will be a line for wait! Make sure to start standing in line when you think you'll be hungry in an hour, no joke!
5	One of my MUST for Vegas...and worth the short drive off the Strip.My dish du jour everytime is the *Pan Roast* (sorry, let me wipe my Pavlovian drool at the thought of this amazing concoction). I love sloopy saucy dishes and this pan roast is packed with so much flavor! Although the restaurant/bar is located out in the open randomly in the middle of the casino floor of the Palace Station Casino, you'll be lost in the ginormous bowl of pan roast. I always have leftovers for another full meal and the servers are nice to pack up extra bread to help slop up the saucy pan roast.
5	OMG I'm hooked!   Went to eat here because a friend recommended it.  It is so good had to go again before I came back to LA.  I tried a variety of things on the menu since I went with a few of my friends and tried everyone's dish.  Everything is good but the "Combo Pan Roast:" is THE BOMB!  By the way if you get above spicy level 6-7 it will literally be the bomb.  It gets SUPER SPICY.  I think it just depends on your cook.  I had 6 Pan Roast with one cook and it was good.  Not too spicy.  Then I had the exact same thing again with another cook and it was spicy. Tried 7 and was like whoa.. I can't imagine what 10 tastes like...  I think I'll always just stick with 6.  Anyways, its open 24 hours.  It gets quite packed and up to 2 hour wait especially during dinner time.  After 2am it seems ok and in the mornings it seemed ok so plan ahead and don't be hungry if you are going during peak time or you will be unhappy waiting.By the way for those of you who are in socal wanting this we have an alternative!!!!  I didn't know but my gf found out from the cook that a ex cook partnered up with someone and opened one in Chino Hills called, "The Boiler"!  Yay!  http://www.theboilerskc.com/  Chino Hills here we come!!!
5	The Combination Pan Roast was AMAZING!! It has shrimp, lobster and crab mixed in it and one scoop of rice! It tapped on every one of my taste buds and was seasoned to perfection!! You are able to choose your level of spice preferred (I chose 7...shouldve done 10). We waited 1 1/2 hrs at about 12pm on New Years Day and it was well worth the wait!! Bob is hilarious and truly lives what he does! This will be my first stop when I return!!
5	Vegas' best kept secret! Pan roast amazing!! Great clam steamers. And in the evenings they have the best crabcakes too! Don't miss out on this place.
5	Awesome food & experience! Expect a long wait if you're goin during lunch or dinnertime. They are now open 24 hours. Must try the oysters, lobster gumbo, panroast, crab lump cocktail, & clam chowder.
5	You don't come off the strip to Palace Station to gamble.. You come here for Oyster Bar.  You wait ever so patiently to sit at a small bar. It is what it is!The food is cooked right there in front of you. This spot is a no frills no nonsense kind of place. Don't line jump either, they will catch you.Our waitress was Sandra and she was a total sweetheart. I had a dozen oysters and the house gumbo while my friends had various versions of the pan roast. The portions are HUGE, like a large sized bowl of pho. I recommend you share an entree with someone and then order some oysters.AWESOME FOOD. AMAZING SERVICE.
5	By far my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas! When you first get to the Oyster Bar, you'll probably have to suffer through an hour long wait, which will be spent trying to see how much food the lucky bastards already seated have left in their bowl and then giving them the stare of death. But trust that your patience will be rewarded!A must order for me is the Pan Roast with lobster. Its a rich creamy tomato based dish, full of flavor from the chefs secret mix of seasonings and served as spicy as you can handle. One dish should satisfy a grown mans hunger or you can split it with a significant other with a lesser appetite. I would order a clam chowder for good measure.I'm actually drafting this review while in line to pass the time and avoid giving out too many dirty looks. Do yourself a favor and stop by Palace Station on your next Vegas trip! Keep your party to 4 or less since seating is very limited.
5	We stayed in Vegas over the weekend for a wedding at the Palace Station. The hotel caters to locals so it's not flashy. But the real draw is the Oyster Bar. I've had some of the best New England Clam Chowder EVER. My husband had the Manhattan Clam Chowder and he loved it. They served it piping hot and the only downside is just one piece of bread. We had the coffee gelato for dessert and it was perfect! I recommend you hurry and try to get a seat at the bar as it fills up very quickly!
4	Yum! We had fresh oysters as an appetizer--they were superb! The palace station pan roast was sooo good; the sausages they put in it were delectable. Only bad thing is the loong wait. I would wait a max of 1 hour for this, can't do any longer. You end up dying from smelling all the good food they cook.
4	For someone that doesn't like seafood at all... it a surprise that I enjoy this place.  I've had a couple different things on the menu but the one dish I would recommend to everyone (even non seafood eaters) is the Pan roast.  I'm not sure how to explain the Pan Roast.  It's just a blended creamy soup of goodness.  Usually I would just ask for chicken and sausage but even the seafood Pan Roast isn't fishy at all.  If you don't like spicy food don't go past 5 on a scale of 10... you'll regret it when you're at a strip joint in the wee hours of the night.  This place is located in the not so fabulous Palace station and can only accommodate about 15 to 20 people.  Be prepared to wait.  I would recommend coming right before lunch hours to minimize the wait.  Oh yea if you buy a large beer, you can keep the glass... just a nice little souvenir since you probably won't have any money left to buy anything.Overall this place is amazing... you can't really find anything like it in Orange county.  It's a perfect hangover food and totally worth the trip.  There are no tigers, cirque shows, naked chicks dancing, etc... Oyster bar in Palace station is the main attraction!
5	What can I say the combo pan roast was just excellent. It is shrimp, crab & lobster cooked in a tomato based cream soup. The New England clam chowder was also excellent. Beware you will be sitting in a bar which probably only sits about 16-18 people. On a busy night it will be along wait, at least an hour. i think we ate an hour and a half after standing in line but well worth it especially with a tall glass of cold beer.
5	I have to admit I was skeptical of this place. It's in the Palace Station, the food is relatively expensive, and having family from New Orleans makes me a very picky seafood eater! I was so, so wrong. I should have known this many Yelpers can't be wrong!!I'm kind of obsessed with lobster bisque so I had to go for the Combo Pan Roast. At $19.99 it was quite the gamble, but this was actually a bowl of "soup" worth the high price tag! At 11 AM, there was no wait and we even questioned whether it was actually open 24 hours since there was literally no one there. We sat down and were served quickly. It was such a treat to watch it being made and it was clear the guy knew his stuff. I'd compare this to a lobster bisque, but I'll say this is the best "bisque" I've ever eaten! It had much more depth of flavor than a bisque does and so many more yummy ingredients. The shrimp were HUGE and cooked perfectly. Very high quality. The crab meat was so-so, but the lobster was phenomenal. There were perfect tiny bites of red peppers that added the right amount of sweetness. I ate it without the rice and could barely finish half.I will say I wouldn't wait 2 hours for this "soup" (you Yelpers are crazy!), but at 11 AM with no wait, it's something I'll be doing again and again - I already have a return visit scheduled for Wednesday! Don't let the ghetto location or high price tag scare you off - the quality will far exceed your expectations.
5	Worth the wait. There was only four people ahead of us and it took an hour for us to get seated, but once you are seated you see why it takes so long.They make the gumbo right in front of you and they have only 6 gumbo making pots.I got the Lobster pan roast, level 7. I asked the guy cooking and he said 5 is medium, 3 is mild. 7 was was perfect for me, i love spicy food. The person next to me had a level 10 and let me try a bit, you can definitely taste the spiciness right away and i was able to handle easily, but i don't think i could eat a whole bowl of it.My wife got the Cioppino and added pasta to eat, level  5. Level 5 was too for her and she had a hard time finishing it.If you don't like seafood, I would still recommend coming here, none of the dishes had a seafood taste. The spices they used got rid of the seafood taste.This is place that every time I come to Vegas I have to go to.
4	i just had a 2.5 hour dinner here, and the 1.5 hr i spent was waiting in a crazy "short but slow" line! It's all because there are only 20 seats max., it's really like the size of a bar. and usually when you wait for that long in line, you will take ur time and slowly enjoy your food, talk and chill afterwards to make ur waiting time worthwhile. I would've left because there's really nothing much around, it's in a casino called Palace Station that i've never heard of before, away from the strip, and it's a super tiny place that you can easily skip if you don't see the line. Good thing they're open 24 hrs now, waiting for 1.5 hrs wasn't too bad cuz you still see more people waiting for another hr behind you and telling you that it's soo worth the wait. i guess they're right, i dun think it's really "to die for" but i think it's a very good experience, nice and fresh food made to order infront of you. Service was also very good, it was worth the wait. After debating on wat to order, we went with the house gumbo and combo pan roast, which both have very similar ingredients (lobster, crab, and shrimp). The difference between all these dishes is the sauce/soup. The pan roast is much creamier and sweeter. the gumbo is more salty and it has a strong taste of cajun/creole flavor. They are both served with a scoop of white rice. We got both at level 5 of spiciness which is like medium spicy, but i didn't think it was spicy at all, should've went with a 7 or something. i personally liked the house gumbo better even though most other reviews recommended the pan roast. i thought the pan roast was a little too creamy and heavy for me, it almost made me wanna throw up. despite that, the food was really good. You see everything that they put in the pot, so u know exactly what you're putting in ur stomach. The quality of the seafood are really good, shrimps were big, crab meat flooded in the soup, and you can actually see the chunks of lobster. if you're a seafood lover, you'll love this place. I would definitely come back here again, but next time i'll probably order a cioppino. Overall everything is good here, only that if i am a health freak, i wouldn't eat here because you see everything that they put in the pot. My eyes popped when i saw that "BIG" chuck of gumbo base that they put in each pot, it was seriously bigger than my fist. But if not, just pretend u didn't see anything and enjoy the delicious food.
5	Oh my goodness...i had a dozen of clams and half a dozen of oysters on the half shell. Oysters were very fresh and yummy. The clams were the medium size cherry stone clams. They were very fresh and sweet. I also had a couple bites of my BF's gumbo. The gumbo was a little salty for my taste but the flavor was good. I will definitely come back in the future when I get a chance.
3	I had a late night with a bunch of my friends so there wasn't a long line. I ordered the Combo Pan Roast and it was very flavorful. It took a long time for the waiter to make the food though.The waiter also gave us a complimentary oyster shooter which was a plus.
5	I ALWAYS order the combination pan roast. I am NEVER disappointed. Be sure to go after the lunch/dinner rush.. There are like only 12 seats or so. You will be waiting for at least an hour (If you're lucky) I just found out they are open for 24 hours! Everyone I take here is as impressed - my must go-to spot whenever I go to Vegas. I think everything on the menu is fabulous.. enjoy!!
5	Oyster Bar has some of the best food I have had in Vegas. The lobster pan roast is AMAZING! The serving sizes are so big -- I always have leftovers. The oysters were fresh and tasty but the chef shucking them did shatter a lot of shell bits into the meat.  The only downside to oyster bar is the wait during dinner. We waited 1.5 hours to be seated (there were just two of us). I would not recommend going to Oyster Bar with more than 3 people because the seating is very limited. However, it is now OPEN 24 HOURS!!!! So during "off hours" I would assume the seating would be quicker.
4	The constant truth here is you will be in line to get food. It's 24 hours so I'd laugh my ass off if 3 in the morning there is a line for a Combo Pan Roast which is what I had for my main course. I ate oysters as well since I love good oysters. It's the taste of the ocean and the slippery, spicy lemony flavor that you don't normally get. For a brief moment I feel like I'm on a tropical island.The bowl is deep and the soup is full of flavor. Every spoonful has that slow roasted, seafood flavor that can satisfy your taste buds. I enjoyed it so much that I didn't slow down and burned the roof of my mouth. I like that it's Vegas, 24 hours, drink and/or smoke while waiting in line. I'm not a smoker but I won't begrudge you if you light up. The chef and waitress' are really hard workers because they were describing how the day goes. It can be really busy or just consistent but rarely empty. I would eat here for breakfast if you really hate the lines. I'm ASSUMING it's pretty slow in the mornings.
5	You can't go to Vegas and not have the gumbo at The Oyster Bar... It's sooooooo freaking GOOD!!! There is a long wait to get seated since it's just a small bar that can hold up to 12-15 people... and the food does take a while to cook, but once you get to eat your yummy bowl of gumbo, you realize it was worth the wait... At least that's how I feel hehe :DI haven't tried the rest of the menu, cuz I'm too much in luv with the gumbo, but I hear it's all pretty yummy :)
5	Simply a WOW! Casual and great food. Sit at the "Bar" and enjoy. Not dressy or pretentious but great seafood. I had a Vodka Martini straight up and crab legs and thought I was in heaven. FUN FUN FUN.
4	Went here awhile back with some guys i met at a club the night before.  I normally don't eat raw oysters but one of the guys encouraged me to do so and i did.  Surprisingly, i LOVED IT!  I only eat the smaller ones cuz then the bigger ones are very creamy...yuck.  Had mine with tabasco and lemon...pretty damn good.  I had some of the clam chowder and it was full of clams, not like most places.  The only thing was, i got a few pieces of sand in mine...
4	Combo pan roast was amazing!!We waited about an hour and a half but it was totally worth it. I've never had this type of food so it was definitely a nice treat. It was fun sitting at the counter and watching the chef prepare your meal. We got the mussels to start which was very fresh and and marinated in a white wine/lemon/garlic broth. We got combo pan roast level 4, which was perfect for me because I have a weak taste bud for spicy foods. It was super delicious. Ask for an extra scoop of rice and it is the perfect amount for sharing. =)The chef was awesome but the other servers were lacking. He was supposed to be the one refilling our drinks, but it was the chef who was refilling our drinks and cooking the food. So KUDOS to the chef for awesome multitasking while keeping a positive attitude under the pressure. =)Definitely will make this a usual spot when I visit Vegas.PS. For southern california residents, they do have a place called the boiler in chino hills, which is not as good but comparable if your having a craving.
2	Really wanted to love this place according to the reviews...Once we got seated and finally got our food, a total of 2 hours...I was not that pleased.Ordered Combo Pan Roast and House Gumbo. The flavor was there but both were way too salty!!Might try again...but wouldn't go out of my way for it.
1	Shitty seating...looong ass line!If this resturant is your money maker, then get more chairs and hire more cooks!
5	No offense to Palace Station, but the only reason a tourist should venture there is for cheap gambling or Oyster Bar.  Actually, I take that back.  Oyster Bar is the only reason to go to Palace Station.  It's a true Yelp gem and I find myself craving it whenever I'm in Vegas and even when I'm not.Seriously, the COMBO PAN ROAST is delicious!  The pictures don't really do it justice.  Under the sea of brown soup and rice, it's loaded with lobster, shrimp and crab.  It's a seafood orgy.  There's heavy cream in it, so if you are lactose intolerant, you might consider trying the gumbo.  But if not, the roast is the way to go.  I hear the Bouillabaisse is good too.Everything at Oyster Bar is prepared fresh to order which is great, however, wait times can be really rough.  There are maybe 14 seats at the bar and only 6 steam kettles to cook the roasts.  This means they can only cook 6 roasts at a time and each roast takes 15-20 minutes to make.  Plus, I hear the wait to be seated at dinner can be as long as 2 hours so you do the math.  It also doesn't help that there is only 1 cook and 1 waiter.  Just go early to be safe.  Open 24 hours!  I've come at 3am once to no wait.4.5 stars rounded up!
5	A gem you wouldn't expect to find in an old, dingy casino slightly off strip.The Oyster Bar has a true following--and if you attempt to eat here, be prepared for a bit of wait.  The counter doesn't serve more than 20 (at most!) at a time--but I assure you--it's worth the wait.  Regardless of what you order--their dishes are cooked to order directly in front of you--and you will have to do everything in your power to not drool all over your setting.  Each dish is loaded with tons of seafood.  Combine with with the butter, spices, and base they let cook in front of you--and your poor stomach will sit in gluttonous anticipation for the next 20 minutes.  I've been here twice--each time ordering the Etouffee. It's amazing!  It's a wonderful creole/french soup that's wonderfully spiced and loaded with seafood.  It's the less creamy version of the Oyster Bar's Pan Roast.  I happen to enjoy the soup more because it's less rich than the Pan Roast--but I've had the Pan Roast--and it's certainly nothing to scoff at.  It's amazing!  Just a tad too rich for me.You can spice up your dishes the way you like.  I like my spice and generally order a 7.  Spicy, but still enjoyable.  I've tasted an 8...and while delicious...definitely left me gulping down a lot more water than I wanted.  I've seen orders of the shrimp scampi and the linguine a la vongole--and i can tell you that even in my bloated state, wanted to order them. They look crazy good.  Oh--and before I forget...these bowls are huge!  Please share.  If you can finish it on your own--you're a champ.
5	One place where i would wait 2 hours to be seated.  I was there for super bowl sunday this year and thought i could eat a combo roast before the big game.. Well i thought wrong, me my fiance and my two friends waited for 2 hours to be seated and after we sat and were in heaven.  The only bad thing about this place really is the seating.  The food is just amazing, everytime i go to vegas this is my first and last stop.
4	Definitely do family style to try more, although it is a bit hard  to share more than 2 or 3 people since it's "bar seating."  Since the food is pretty salty and rich, the scoop of rice is a necessary add-on.  We went around 4 PM, so there wasn't really a long wait..about 20 minutes or so.  Appetizers: *Raw Oysters (4 stars):  Fresh & juicy*Steamed clams in garlic/butter broth (4 stars):  Simple, yet delicious.  We dipped the bread in the broth afterwards Main entrees:*Pan roast (4.5 stars): This is the MUST TRY of the menu.  It's so flavorful and creamy.  We ordered ours at a spicy level of 4.  Enough spice for a kick, but not to the point where it burns uncomfortably.    *Etouffle (3.5 stars): This dish was good, but it wasn't the favorite for our group.  Since the flavor is lighter than the pan roast, it didn't compare after trying the pan roast first.
5	The Combo Pan Roast is delicious!  So is there clam chowder and oysters!  The Chef is hilarious... he's got such a rough around the edge attitude...  something like a Peter Luger, so do be put off right away.  He's a great guy.  Also the server is this sweet woman that makes up for his roughness.  Awesome Oyster Bar team!
5	The wait is definitely long but it is worth it. At first, I was a bit skeptical about the highly-raved soup my cousin was telling me about. From the looks of it, it was so simple and it seemed like it required no skill. However, once I tasted it, OH MAN, it was delicious! I had the combination tomatoe soup. It was really good and quite pricey, but that was okay. I shared my soup with two others, so it did not cost me too much. I also got the oysters. I don't know if it's me and my dislike for eating oysters, I just thought the oysters were unimpressive. Quite honestly, I want to return to Vegas strictly for the soup :) This time, maybe I should buy some and bring it back and I might even try other things :}
5	We went around 10:30pm so it was not full , we only waited for 10 minutes.  I shared with my husband the steamed clams with a wine and butter broth (super delish) and also a combo pan roast.  The combo pan roast was excellent the seafood was fresh we had ours spicy level 6 (perfect number its spicy but its not overpowering).  Overall everything was good and fresh and they cook everything in front of you so you see everything thats going on with your food.
5	Open 24 hours! How cool is that? We took advantage of the expanded hours and came after midnight on a Saturday and found room for the 3 of us. Even at that hour, open seats were quickly filled by a steady stream of Oyster Bar fans. Before we ordered, we chatted with those next of us to scope out what we should get. Ultimately, based on the recommendation of the chef, we settled on sharing their 3 most popular dishes: combo pan roast, gumbo, and the bouillabaisse, listed in my order of preference. These entrees were served in heaping bowls that no mere mortal can finish and the family style approach was the perfect way to enjoy the food. We ordered our food with a spiciness scale of 8 (of 10). I think next time I'm dialing it back to a 6. Each dish was teeming with seafood cooked just right, which surprised me because the dishes were cooking for quite awhile in front of us. The flavor of the pan roast was superb and the standout. We also shared some raw oysters and a cup of dirty chowder (blend of New England and Manhattan). Both were great too. The quality of the food, the counter seating and being able to observe your food being cooked in front of you makes the Oyster Bar a very unique dining experience. And for a Cajun food lover such as me, this place is simply out of this world!
5	Prices are a bit steep, but it's good stuff they've got here!! The Palace Station secluded from everything else. Oyster Bar is definitely the crown jewel of this palace!! No wait at 2am. My bf really enjoyed the warm sourdough rolls they gave us. We shared a bowl of CLAM CHOWDER and a CRAB AND LOBSTER PAN ROAST. They both are SOOOO GOOOOD. :)))))Bf said this was the best clam chowder he's ever had. I thought it was aite...if it had a little less salt, maybe. It's a pretty big bowl of soup, because we could barely finish the pan roast. Seriously, the two of us, hungry and tired heavy weight eaters could not finish?There's a bit of a wait since they make the pan roast right there in front of you. I didn't want shrimp in ours so the lady nicely replaced it with extra crab. Heh too bad it wasn't extra lobster - the lobster is YUUUMMMAY! Nice big chunks. A bowl of pan roast has SOOO much meat in it. The base was extremely creamy and tomato-y. At spicy level 2, it felt like a giant fancy bowl of tomato soup! I love tomato soup. I guess our server knew we were sharing the pan roast so she gave us two scoops of rice on two separate plate before I even asked =)We finished less than half the pan roast and took the rest to go. Since it was day 1 of our 3 day trip to Vegas, I was afraid it would spoil. But my bf loved it so much that he insisted we bring it home to LA. THAT is how good Oyster Bar's pan roast tastes.UPDATE: Try your very best to avoid dinner hours. The wait is dreadful, especially for a party of 4. There are only so many seats at the bar.
5	This place has been one of our favorites! The smell of cajun food while you walk by just makes you want to stop and look. Besides the 1 hr+ wait, we don't have any complaints about Oyster Bar.We ordered a dozen of oysters as appetizers which were extremely fresh and clean. Their tartar sauce gave the oyster just the right amount of flavoring. My boyfriend ordered the Boulibase while I got the Lobster Pan Roast. The chef will actually make these spicy for you, giving it even more spice! The Boulibase was filled with large chunks of crab, lobster, shrimp, clams, fish, you name it! The Pan Roast is still my favorite though. It's a perfect combo of Cajun spice, creamy tomato sauce, and a generous portion of lobster chunks. It's a must-try at this place! Make sure to order the rice separate if you are planning to share. One portion or "bowl" is enough to fill up any hungry stomach.We're excited to come back here again. Now that they're open 24 hours, I can't wait to dodge the lines and get some great food.
5	From the Wynn, we ask cab to take us to the best seafood in town.  So, westbound on Sahara we go..not knowing wth to expect..two minutes later, we see the Spearmint Rhino drawing near on the horizon...definitely smelled like seafood..and looked like an abalone was wedged in between everyone's legs.Actually, a friend of ours (thanks Fred) recommended this place to us for literally years so we finally decided to experience it for ourselves.  Upon arrival, we find bar seating only, which is limited to roughly 20 stools.  I heard/read at peak points during the day the wait is about an hour but the 2 consecutive nights we came, 5am and 6am respectively, there was no wait at all.  Great time to end the night or start the day.  Open 24 hours.  They also take phone orders.Both mornings fellow yelper and pal Chris K treated the boys to the combo roast (lobster, crab, shrimp) at spice level 8/10.  The dish is a tomato based bisque/puree and for my palate wasn't spicy enough but heavenly nonetheless.  One combo roast is definitely enough for two, so order accordingly.  It takes about 10-15 minutes for the dish to arrive but time flew as we watched Ricardo the filipino prepare it before our very eyes.  Ricardo and an elderly caucasian gentlemen, who resembles Syracuse's Jim Boeheim, are probably the coolest cats in town. Be especially vigilant while Ricardo generously pours what he calls "heavy cream."  For all I know, it is liquefied crack (coined by Brian J).  Portions are generous and accompanied by (unlimited?) steamed white rice and warm sourdough rolls.I will never go to another buffet in Vegas ever again, I'd rather eat here 3x...a day.
5	This place is a hidden gem referred to by a friend.  It's a small counter in the middle of the casino that sits about 15 people.Rolled up with 4 friends for late night grub...late night as in 6am, and the Chef Ricardo recommended the Combo Roast.Let me tell you, this is one of the best things I've ever tasted.  Forget the fact that it's $20, they hook it up!  It comes in a large bowl with all you want jasmine rice and bread.  It's filled with shrimp, lobster and crab and Ricardo makes it right in front of you.  You can choose the spice level 1-10, 8 should be good enough for those who like just a hint of spice.  The cream they mix in at the end is the secret ingredient - it's a mixture of different seafood broths and a heavy cream.  To me it's the definition of "umami."If you want something great to eat and don't mind cabbing it over to Palace Station (located on west side of strip, north of Rio), this is the place TO GO!Ricardo is a good guy - he's make good conversation, tells jokes, talks about his experiences, and genuinely enjoys your company.  Tell him it's your first time and he'll hook you up.This place was so good we ended up going the next day at 6am again to have the exact same thing.
4	Everyone says that this place is a hidden gem and it really is! First and foremost, the food deserves a 5 but the location and seating is very inconvenient. It's located off the strip, which is a total drag if you don't rent a car ( we all know the cab drivers LOVE to rip people off). When we arrived, there was a max 15 minute wait but keep in mind there are only about 10 seats available, it's literally a bar. The oysters are good and shared the combo roast. Let's just say, one roast is PLENTY for two. You can either get it with pasta or rice, I highly suggest the rice! If you are with a group of 3 or more, I suggest ordering the clam chowder too! I am a huge fan and highly suggest that you go there!
5	I'm a big fan of this place.  It's open 24 hours!  The staff is great and good for them they are always busy.  The wait can be quite long though, but its worth it.  It seems like I always wait an average of 20-30 minutes.  The waitress, Sandra is such a sweetheart too.  My favorite there is the combo roast, my second favorite is the mussels.  However you really can't go wrong- everything on the menu is absolutely tasty.  *Tip: If you are like me and enjoy spicy foods, however like to taste your food instead of have your tongue burn a "good burn" (lol) it's probably best to order the spiciness 5/6 (scale is typical 1-10; 10 being spiciest of course).  Enjoy!
5	I am not one for lines or a wait unless it's really worth it. As much as the reviews rave, I was very skeptical. I mean, people line up  for overrated crap like Serendipity's frozen hot chocolate which is easy to make at home better. Even when Yelp friends said all good things, I was still skeptical. We started with a dozen oysters ($16.99) which were Fanny Bay ones from Vancouver, BC. Very fresh and tasty. The BF normally doesn't eat too many oysters but he was into these. We shared a Combo Pan Roast ($19.99) . Blair B. is spot on that this is like the best "bisque"but taken up a notch. It's hearty and filled with fresh seafood. I'm part Asian so I love my rice and that just made me like it even more. It's rare for the BF to be so into a place and telling me he can't wait to be back and what he wants to order so he's just as pleased as I am.We waited maybe an hour around 11pm on a Sunday and that was an okay wait for how much enjoyment we got. I think though that's the cap as two hours standing in place is a little rough for my injured knee.With it's success,  I don't get though why they haven't expanded this place even a little bit. The Broiler next door didn't have a person there and it's a waste of a medium size dining room. 18 seater would be fine for any old oyster bar, but with this traffic it's a bit odd to keep it this small. We saw a lot of people turn away. I'm sure they do well, but that was at least a dozen people that left when they saw a line. Still, definitely a great surprise. We'll be back for late night eats.
5	Really, a 45 minute wait at 11 PM on a Sunday night? My thoughts until I tasted the Combo Pan Roast. So damn EFFIN good!!Chef JJ and server Joe rocked...this place is a new Vegas tradition.
5	I'm so scared to write a review of this place...  The lines are already crazy enough!!  I guess the cat's out of the bag...  ;)OMG OMG OMG OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Why can't I give 10 Stars??From the first time I came to this lil bar with 22 seats, I have come here every time I'm in Vegas.  I even came twice in one day, just once!!!  I know, I'm crazy, huh?  Every person I have brought here raves about it!!!My favorite thing to get is the Lobster Pan Roast, but I add sausage...  MMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmMMMMMMMM  It is this tomato based creamy yumminess with spices cooked in front of your eyes in this awesome steam fondue thingy!!  You get to watch them make it!!  Then they add in your favorite ingredients, mine are the lobster and sausage (its charged as Combo Pan Roast ~$20).  I don't recommend getting crab because the flavor of the cream sauce overpowers the crumbled crab (not imitation) taste so you don't even notice it.  The shrimp is pretty good, too.  I don't remember what other ingredients you can add.  This huge bowl comes out to you with a scoop of steamed white rice.  HEAVEN IN A BOWL!!!!  Personally, I like to wash mine down with refillable Root Beer.  Big time happy me!  :DClam Chowder - wonderful!  Make sure you share this cuz it's a pretty big bowl.Oysters on a half shell - very fresh!!  Gumbo - mehWarm yummy sourdough bread is delish!!!  On the house too!The portions are huge, so you may want to share.  I don't share my pan roast tho :PThis lil bar is located in the casino area of Palace Station, next to The Broiler.  Do not go inside the restaurant, it has pan roasts..  but not the same!!Make sure you are not starving when you are on the way over, as the line can get LONG!!!The parking is great at this casino because there is lots of self parking.Say hi to Bob for me!!
5	Oh i wish the distance from OC to Vegas is 30 minutes so that  I can eat here every other day.... Why why why can't we have a place like this somewhere in OC???
4	The only Luck I had on this past Vegas trip was finding a seat quickly and without waiting in a huge long line.Ice cold beers and incredible clam chowder, oysters and lobster roast.The Oyster house in Studio city could learn a thing or 2 from this place.See you next trip.
3	Nice little oyster bar with a good food selection.  It is a bit pricey but the staff here is always nice.  Most of them joke around with the patrons and seem to enjoy working there. I would suggest trying the New England Clam chowder.
4	After a short wait for stools to open at the oyster bar, we each ordered the combination pan roast that included crab, lobster, fish, shrimp and a generous portion of rice. The pan roast is prepared in front of you and it proved to be both delicious and filling.
5	OYSTER BAR THE PLACE WHERE FOOD PEARLS ARE MADEThank you Thank you all the Yelpers that got me here.  This was an amazing place filled with all the wonders of the sea and a staff that are the Pearls of this Oyster.  I started out my first day in Las Vegas with a big bowl of Combo Pan Roast and WOW. I could have turned around and gone home and been happy I made the 10 hour trip to Vegas. Yes it was that good. I ate here 6 times during my stay in Vegas and each time was different and wonderful. I started it all off with the Combo Pan Roast and ended with the Combo Pan Roast. Go for the level 9 gives it a nice kick.    The flavor of the Pan Roast is something that makes you feel content; when you're done eating it you know if that was the last thing you ever ate it would be ok with you.      I also tried the Alaskan Chowder which is their clam chowder Kicked Up a Notch. Was really good comes with Lobster, crab, and shrimp + a few other add-ons that make it really good. On another visit I got the Etouffee which has a water base and had a bit more kick to it at a level 8 but has deep flavor.     The oysters were fresh and a perfect appetizer or even a dessert they are that good. I did get to try the gumbo also not quite my kind of gumbo a bit darker in flavor than I like but still tasty.   The best part of the Oyster Bar is the People who work there Sandra made every meal special and Ricardo makes the place fun and a blast to be at. Each time that I was there I met good people to talk with and great food to eat. This is the Cheers of Oyster Bars. If you even have a doubt if it is worth waiting in line for 2 hours to eat here I will say with a smile that the answer is YES hands down.
5	I'm pretty sure I'll make a good effort to come back to this place every time I go back to Vegas.  I found this place by seeing my brother's yelp and decided to check out the hype and it was one of the best decisions I made that weekend. Lines can be long because everything is made to order and there are about 10 seats total. Come between 2-4 and there shouldn't be much of a wait. We had some beer and oyster bloody mary shots to start. For an appetizer, we had the seafood platter. Raw oysters and clams and jumbo shrimp.  It was so fresh and delicious! Who knew raw seafood could be that fresh in the middle of the desert!   The seafood pan roast. OMG. The Pan Roast.  What the heck is a pan roast? I still have no clue.  But it's creamy bowl of goodness served with a scoop of rice.  It looks and acts like a gumbo but without southern creole flavors.  You can choose to make it as spicy as you want. I got an 8 and it was pretty spicy. Each bowl is pretty large and I saw a lot of locals share a bowl between 2. We each ordered our own and I almost finished it all! It was so good I couldn't stop eating! Drinks were cheap and plentiful, food was unique, delicious, and huge. Our cook was hilarious. A great experience!
4	This may have been over-hyped for me. I was expecting a mouth orgasm while eating this. I didn't. But it wasn't bad. Got the seafood pan roast and the oysters (more about that later).The pan roast was good. Sort of reminded everyone of a lobster bisque. Although you ate this with rice. We got a spicy level of 4. It's always a gamble with spiciness level. No different here. Couldn't taste any spice with 4 so added some more. Also, more rice. Mmm, yum. Could have used more lobster though.Now on to the oysters. They were hand cut in front of us although when we got it, there was a worm in one of them. Some sort of parasite. Luckily Grace C. caught it before it went on to live in one of our stomachs for a few years. I think it was the lemon she squirted on the oyster that made the worm react.When we told the waitress about it, she was really cool saying she wouldn't charge us for them and we wouldn't have to eat them.If you're ever in Vegas, you should try this place at least once. It really is just a bar so that's part of the reason the lines are so long.
5	was here on business and noticed an ongoing line to be seated at the bar. I had the opportunity to dine there tonight and was not disappointed. I had the seafood pan roast spiced at #7. It was excellent. Recommend highly.
5	The only place in Vegas we returned to more than once during our recent stay.  The Oyster Bar is a very casual place; it's a 3-sided counter just a few steps away from the casino.We went late every time (after midnight) and loved meeting all the great characters from all over the world.  Steven is the counter guy, and Ricardo is the cook (a machine, actually) who are talkative and entertaining guys.  The chowder is awesome, the bouillabaisse is fantastic, but the Pan Roast is my personal favorite (kinda a bisque-like soup jam-packed with crab, lobster, shrimp, chicken & andouille sausage).I can't recommend this place highly enough.
5	MMMMMMMMMM  just got back from a Girls Vegas Weekend and visited here for lunch on Sunday.THEY ARE NOW OPEN 24 HOURS!!!!!!!!!!  OOOOOOOMMMMMGGGG!!!!!!!!!!I have never tried the clams on a half shell before, but OMG!  they were so delish and fresh and sweet!!!  MMMMMMMMMMust come back very very soon!!!
5	Eww. What am I doing inside the Palace Station outta all places in Vegas?? Trying to eat some of the BESTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT PAN ROASTTTTTTTT and GUMBOOOO EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!! ever ever ever.It's so good, I can't think of one complaint or one thing they could do to make it better...oh I know what they could do.... find a way to seat more people!!! It's right next to the casino, so at least you can gamble while watching the line go down. ;)
5	First off let me say.... I don't eat here for dinner. Line is way to long. This is a breakfast joint 4 me. Best food around.
5	5 tips...1. Long Line - be prepared to wait2. Get the Pan Roast. I like spicy (jalapenos and habaneros) so 7-8 would be ideal.3. Get the Jumbo Lump Crab Cocktail - so good.4. Their horseradish and cocktail sauce is freaking amazing!5. Cheap and BOMB Fanny Bay oysters. Dozen for $16.99!!!!!
5	Thanks to you guys I can't eat clam chowder anywhere else!!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE your Alaskan Chowder! I stop in everytime I'm in Vegas!!!!
5	There's only about 18 seats at the Oyster Bar, so come early unless you want to wait for a seat to open up.  Not that waiting is an issue with Oyster Bar...waiting is just a necessary prelude for a dynamic finale, namely the food.  Any wait time for good food is excusable.  It's better to wait for good food for an hour or two then to eat at an establishment that serves mediocrity.My brother found this place on Yelp.  I really want to thank my brother and all the Yelpers that submitted honest reviews of this place to make us come here.  The food is simply...amazing!  Thanks everybody!  I really want to keep this place hush hush but seems like I'm too late, the word has already spread around Yelp that Oyster Bar is the real deal.  Surprise, surprise, we sat next to some Yelpers and people who came because of the Yelp reviews of Oyster Bar, today, during lunch.  It's a small world after all...First off, do yourself a favor and order the reasonably priced Fanny Bay oysters for $16.99.  It's hard to see that price for Fanny Bay anywhere else.  Secondly, as you're waiting for whatever delicious entree you ordered, munch on that awesome bread they gave you.  Ask for more bread for later to dip on your Palace Pan Roast ($22.99).  They offer you a heat level of 1 through 10.  Don't go showing off now!  A 7 is pretty hot already.  The cook and waiter told us stories of many people who couldn't handle a 10.  Don't be that guy!  We also had the Seafood Jambalaya ($23.99) at a level 6.  Just enough heat without losing the overall flavor.  In a nutshell, the food here is awesome, especially the Palace Pan Roast.  Most people usually lose when going to Las Vegas, don't you lose out by not coming to Oyster Bar!
5	I didn't know what a pan roast was when I walked in but after my first spoonful I was converted. I was thinking of getting a gumbo because I knew what to expect but I'm glad I didn't. The pan roast had crab, shrimp & lobster. It's was creamy, tangy and full of Umami. Spice level was at 7 just as I requested. What made the difference Sherry that was added to finish the dish. They should change their name to the Pan Roast and Gumbo Bar.
5	If you didn't get the idea from the 200+ user reviews raving about this place, then yes, the Oyster Bar is delicious. "How delicious," you ask? "Very delicious," I say. When a place has me ogling over a pan roast more than a celebrity crush, it really means something (Actually, that might just mean that I'm a glutton. Never mind that though). Since there are already boatloads of praise from other wonderful Yelpers, I'll try not to be redundant. Thus, I'll leave you with a summation of tips, from one glutton to another:1. First visit? Order a pan roast. It's practically their signature item. Ordering other items could leave you happy, but not as happy as a pan roast would make you. You do like to be happy, don't you?2. Starving? Order a platter of fresh oysters too. They're some of the freshest oysters that I've had in Vegas.3. Pro-tip? Get an extra roll with your pan roast to use as a shoveling tool. Extras are free. You just have to ask for them.4. Pro-pro-tip? Friday and Saturday nights are their peak hours. You could be standing in line for 30 minutes to an hour. I've heard that it's gotten as long as 2.5 hours at the most busy of times. On a early Sunday afternoon, I got seated with a group of 4 instantly.5. Want to go there now? Call me. It's a date.
4	TIP:  perfect for couples because you can share the pan roast, gumbo, etc. since one bowl is big enough for 2 people.  Just get extra bread or rice to soak up the amazing broth.There's no restaurant name, it's literally called "oyster bar" with less than 20 seats serving up tomato based broth with shellfish (shrimp, lobster, crab).  the pan roast, gumbo, and jambalaya totally steal the oyster's thunder here because it's pretty much what everyone orders.Broth texture is creamy but not thick nor watery.  We had a 6 (1 thru 10) spicyness level and it wasn't spicy at all, so feel free to bump it up to a 9 or 10 if you want more chili pepper in there.
5	This place is probably the best hidden gem in Las Vegas...although I don't know how much more hidden it is as I had to wait almost 2 hours on a Thursday night the last time I went.  The gumbo is amazing and has all different levels of spice.  They can really make it hot like fire if you like it that way.  The oysters are prolly the best in Vegas...super fresh!
4	Palace Station (one of many station casinos in las vegas) is located on Sahara. Each station casino has some type of "oyster bar", but they all suck in comparison to The Oyster Bar.Further more, the only reason you should be at the Palace Station is to wait in line and eat at the Oyster Bar.First off, they have 6 broilers and about 14 bar stools. So do the math. They can cook 6 orders at a time and only seat just twice that. So when you are waiting, you'll be waiting, so just wait.No price change for lunch or dinner, and it's a large portion, so we go for dinner. Now about Palace Station. It's an old, smokey, depressing piece of crap place, you will leave smelling like you gave up on life. But you won't care because the meal at The Oyster Bar was that good.We get the "Combo Roast". A mix of crab/lobster/shrimp in a tomato cream "bisque" type sauce. Sounds simple, it is, but it's delicious.They also do gumbo, bouillabaisse and fresh oysters (among many other things). A few oysters or some chowder to start off might be good if you're hungry as it does take a bit for your food to be cooked.I'd be confident everything on the menu is great.
5	I never met a bowl of gumbo so good before from a place that was not my Aunts House.  This small restaurant at Palace Station more than get the stamp of approval from me when it comes to serving up delicious cuisine such as gumbo, even though my stamp of approval doesnt matter.  The moral of the story is: Its Good, and if you so happen to be in Vegas when you have  a gumbo craving, bring ya ass down to the Oyster bar.
5	This meal changed my life. I have never had so many different flavors and textures on my tongue at once entertaining all of my taste buds making me blush with excitement. This dish is sexy. Definitely not just a Wham Bam sexy either. She's smooth, bold and hot!!! I ordered the Combo Pan Roast at a Level 10 for spice and the heat from the Habanero complimented the richness of the bisque. I savored each and every bite while trying to detect the ingredients that make it so incredibly flavorful. Is it Brandy or White Wine in the sauce? Who cares, I am so sold and chalking this down in my list for Top 5 Favorite Meals of All Time. Yes, there was a wait and yes, I will wait again! The service and the dish were on point. I was left feeling completely satisfied and yet, the memory lingers in my mind......... Oh yes, we will meet again.
4	yummy! and filling! combo pan roast was all that everyone hypes about. seafood jambalaya was sooo flavorful and delicious. house gumbo was salty but overall tasty. Had the 1/2 oysters--Oysters themselves were good but pieces of the shell was in some of it...overall, would definitely come back!
4	I loved the pan roast.  It took about 45 minutes to be seated but it was worth the wait.
5	My girlfriend had to drag me there Because I did not want to go to the palace station for seafood. Boy did I eat my words... It was awesome the food was amazing and cooked fresh to order. Not only was the food great but so was the service big thumbs up to Steve and Ricardo.
5	We walked pass by and saw that there was a long line so decided to come back at a later time. Good thing we did!So it's 5am and you're craving for Oysters, so where do you go? OF course you go to the "OYSTER BAR"!!!There was no wait so we just walked up to the bar. Ricardo was our chef/cook and buddy for the morning. He gave us a suggestion and we ordered Seafood Pan Roast (along the line of a Bisque but thicker with Crab, Lobster and Shrimp). We also ordered a dozen Oysters, Clams and Mussels and every single bite was the bomb. We've had Oysters before and hate it when parts of the shell gets onto the Oyster! But the ones at the Oyster Bar was just so fresh so clean! Ricardo was quick to open the shell and serve us. With a squeeze of lemon and shot of Tobasco it goes down so smooth and it'll leave you wanting more. If we didn't order other stuff we probably would have ordered another dozen.The clams/mussels cooked in it's own juices was GR8! You can't go wrong with this order at all! Jeff wanted to just drink it's juice, that's how much he liked it.As for the Pan Roast, it's #1 and we heard a few people say the same thing. Good thing we ordered it. You get a good amount of seafood, which you being cooked right in front of you. Not like in restaurants where they cook it in the back and all it contains is lots of soup base with very little seafood meat. We were full with just the oysters and order of clams & mussels, but couldn't put down the spoon because it was DEELLLIIICCCIIIOOOUUUSSSSS! It didn't look like we touched the bowl because we had to take home the rest of the portion.Service is friendly and great! You'll end up chit chatting with other customers and the Chef. Food is great! Everything is great. Lets just say If you were having a bad day or lost $$ from the casino this will cheer you right up! Okay you will probably still be bummed u lost money but not while you're eating.Oh and the Oyster Shooter is also a must try. We will definitely come back again and bring our friends. It may be a long wait since seats are limited to maybe less than 20 (literally a strip of bar), but it'll be worth it.
4	came at 1am on a fri night and there was no wait. damn that pan roast is good, wished they gave more rice though. when I finished the rice there was still a lot of the pan roast left, was thinkin bout telling them to put it in a cup with a straw so I can finished the rest, its that good.kinda high priced, but worth it if the wait is an hour or less. the clams were good too.
4	Every time I come to Vegas, this place is a mandatory stop.. just be prepared to wait a minimum 1hr! (Seated closer to 1.5-2hrs). Try to keep number to eaters to max 4 (maybe 5, but that's pushing it)So if you can convince your complaining hungover friends that the dozen oysters are amazing and the clams are fresh (acquired taste with the clams)..Oh I can't forget to add the pan roast!
4	Read about this oyster bar from yelp and decided to give it a try. We arrived there at about 11:30am on Sunday and the line didnt look too bad...probably about 2 groups of people in front of us (like 7-8 people). We ended up waiting for an hour before we were seated. Once we were seated, the chef served us some rolls and the server took our order pretty quickly. We ordered the combo pan roast and alaskan chowder. It's pretty cool to watch the chef, Bob cook right in front of us. I can't believe he's the only one cooking for all 20 people. He has been working non-stop during his shift. I didn't even see him taking any breaks at all. He cooks, cleans, buses tables, shucks oysters/clams. He does everything! He's simply amazing! Not to mention the food he made were absolutely delicious. Definitely worth the wait and will go back again. Two thumbs up.
4	My son wanted oysters at 11am, no wait time,  but since he is not 21and was unable to sit at the bar, the waiter took us to the restaurant next door and served us dozen oysters which were fresh and amazing. The Station Place is another story.
4	I had the linguine with clams and red sauce.  I have had this dish at over a hundred restaurants on this place delivers.  The clams were fresh and the sauce was very good.  The noodles could have been a bit better in my opinion to get the rare 5th star.  Want to go back and try some of the shellfish!
5	After hearing about how bombdizzle Oyster Bar is from numerous friends, I hauled my ass over the first chance that I got. And whooo wheee, it's FANTASTIC. The chefs prepare everything to order and better yet, they prepare it in front of you so you can watch the magic happen!! For a first timer like me, I went the safe and easy route and ordered a half dozen oysters and the ever popular Combo Pan Roast to share. Oysters - superbly fresh. Comes with all your usual fixings--chunky horseradish, lemons, marinara sauce, and tobasco sauce (upon request). Prepare to your heart's desire and slurp on up!Combo Pan Roast - wow, this stuff is like crack. Even when my stomach was telling me, "No more, I'm stuffed!", my mouth would keep commanding, "More!". The best part of the meal isn't the plethora of seafood (a whole lobster tail, 4 halved crab legs, and a shit ton of shrimp) that crowds the dish, the best part is... wait for it......the broth!! The broth consists of a sweet creamy tomato broth mixed with various savory spices and brandy that will leave your tastebuds feeling a bit perplexed (but in a good way!) from the flavor complexity. My friend and I enjoyed this dish much like you would a curry dish rather than a soup, so we ordered an extra side of rice for it. The dish was large enough to overstuff the both of us. It's a pricey place overall, but well wort the price imo (and the portions are large so many of the dishes can be split between two people).  And here's the kicker.... all this awesomeness is available 24hrs a day!! So if you're wandering around the strip drunk at 5 am, and you want to get your fancy on.... I suggest you stumble on over to Oyster Bar at the Palace Station for their Pan Roast!
5	Recommended by a local. The Palace Station????  Honky tonk kinda casino but SOB, awesome food. Fresh oysters flown in daily. $17.99 for 1 dz. Pan roasts are amazing. Everything is cooked to order in front of your eyes. The term "oyster bar" is quite literal. Seating bar side with only 20 or so chairs. Worth every minute wait. Chef Brian and waitress Dolly add to the entertaiment. Can't wait till next visit!!!!!
4	It's a shame that this Oyster Bar is literally a bar with no hallway or room next to it which makes it so awkward for those under 21 like me to order food from this place.Why do I come to some random Oyster Bar in Palace Station for food in the first place? Well, they serve up gumbo. Not just any gumbo, it's quite possibly the best gumbo in Las Vegas. I really wish they could close down The Broiler and merge the two, as it was so crowded at this bar but there was no one in there. Just saying. It's also pretty steep, but one bowl of gumbo is more than enough for two people and it's so good anyway so the price is totally worth it. The shrimp are huge, the sausage and okra are plentiful and the peppers are just right. Don't forget to mix in crackers, sourdough bread rolls and loads of rice. Who would have thought that the best gumbo in all of Vegas would be held in a non-descriptive oyster bar at Palace Station?
5	yummo!!! The pan roast and the raw clams are a must! ;) This would probably be my last meal on earth. FYI....my bf and this lady who sat next to me both ordered the gumbo...they both weren't too please.
4	After a long night in Vegas we headed to Oyster bar to fill up on tasty seafood. Following the cab ride that kept going and going we ultimately made it to Palace Station Hotel & Casino. The area is sketchy to say the least but after tons and tons of suggestions we had to try Oyster bar. Luckily there was no wait and we were seated instantly. We started with a round of Kirin followed by a dozen oysters and clams. I must admit I'm a sucker for oysters on the half shell, but these oysters left something to be desired. The oysters were not shucked properly making them difficult to eat. I was starting to get disappointed until the Pan Roast combo came out. That thing was HUGE and delicious, packed with shrimp, crab and lobster with a side of steam rice. Over all the Pan Roast was finger licking good with just enough spice to accent the seafood. Even though the area was totally sketchy and the hotel is less than nice this Oyster Bar is a diamond in the rough and a must try in Vegas.P.s. If you're coming from the strip its a $25-35 cab ride, depending on traffic
5	Awesome. Just downright awesome.Apparently there can be a huge line here, but we lucked out. We arrived at 9PM on a Thursday evening, and we sat right down.This place is a counter where they shuck the oysters right in front of you and cook everything right in front of you with really awesome, high powered steam cookers. The prices are fantastic for Vegas too - $17 for a dozen oysters - NICE!Starting with the service, Sandra was our waitress, and she was fabulous. She had plenty of suggestions about what to get. We already knew we wanted a dozen oysters, but we weren't sure what to follow that up with. She suggested the combo roast, and we went for it. FREAKING DELICIOUS. In fact, if you're going as a twosome, I think a dozen oysters, a couple beers, and a combo roast is a great meal to share for the two of you.Apparently this place has been around for 19 years.Do you really need my review to convince you? There are well over 200 reviews of this place, and the average score is 4.5 stars. I think if we would have waited two hours, my review would have only been four stars, but considering that we had no wait, five stars all the way.Next time I'm in town, this place is HIGH on my list!
5	This place was something of a pilgrimage for me. For one thing, I LOVE oysters. If I had my way, there would probably be a severe shortage in the world wide population of the deliciously slurp able critters. I would wage a war with my belly and being able to swipe out a dozen or two at a time; they simple wouldn't stand a chance! Lucky for them that this place often has long lines or I'd be a regular.The night of my pilgrimage, I recruited a coworker and fellow foodie to join me in braving the long wait.  It ended up taking about an hour and a half to get through the 8 or so people in line before us. Once seated, our server/waitress was a sweet woman named Dolores who had a fun attitude, coping with the onslaught of diners with charm and a quick joke here and there. I ordered a full dozen of oysters to start and we placed orders for 1 combo pan roast and a gumbo. I had the pan roast at a level 7, which wasn't hot at all to me. The flavors in it are what makes it such a winner; it starts warm and sweet, with the flavors of tomato and seafood hitting the palate first. As you eat, other flavors start to build in intensity, bringing the depth of spices,brandy and cream to a complex head. The more you eat, the more flavors jump out at you. It's all the more impressive when you consider that the majority of the cooking is handled by one busy chef at the bar. You can watch the entire process, which includes filling a unique metal dish with the ingredients, then pouring water into it and pulling a lever to dump it right there at the bar. I'm assuming this nifty set up allows them to crank out more dishes without having to waste time hauling dish after dish back to the dishwasher. The intense, complex medley of flavors in my combo pan roast were excellent and well balanced. I'll order mine spicier next time, but even the lack of heat couldn't detract from how delicious my meal was. It's also enough food to guarantee a lunch worth looking forward to!The gumbo was also tasty, thick with rice,okra, seafood, flakes of pepper and a viscous brownish-green roux based gravy. It was tasty and my companion enjoyed it immensely.Admittedly, an hour and a half is a LONG time to wait,which is the reason I hadn't come sooner. The prices may seem high, but I consider it reasonable with how much seafood there is used (we ARE in the desert, after all) and how much hype there is. I intend to come back again for sure, hopefully I'll be able to swing by later on some evening when they (hopefully) aren't so busy,
5	O-M-G!!! If I could add another five stars, I would. This place is amazing!I was in Vegas for three days and ended up eating here all three days. I looked up sea food on yelp, and people seemed to like it, so I decided to give it a try. The wait is longggg after 5pm, but let me tell you- it's worth it. There is a good reason people wait patiently in line for up to hour and a half.I loved the oysters, the clam-chowder, and the pot roast! Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely be back. This might be the reason I come back. Btw, Sanda and Sergio are great! Thanks guys, I will be back.
4	Between my mom and I, we killed 2 dozen of oysters off the bat. Yummy fresh oysters prepared right in front of our eyes at the bar. I got the combo pan roast and mom got the boulabaisse (sp) Both were good. My pan roast was a little salty though for my taste and I love salty food. I would have liked a little more seafood in it though. I found a couple pieces of lobster and shrimp here and there. There was no wait. We got here at 5 pm on a Thursday to a half full bar. The chef and waitress were very nice. The chef was very talkative and liked interacting with patrons which in my book is a plus. Loved the food but maybe with a little less salt. Def will return. Oh and side note, the smoke is overwhelming and why in world do people smoke while seated next to a non smoker. It's gross and were having dinner Geez!
4	When coming here, you definitely have to look past the older hotel, dirty carpet and literally, the smoke-filled room. We came here because my supervisor recommended it.  And I'm glad we did.  It is such a small bar with long wait times. Fortunately, we lucked out- the group in front of us couldn't wait any longer and left.  So we waited about 5 minutes and we were seated.The pan roast combo is what we decided to order and share - there's an additional charge for that by the way.  But we didn't mind.  While waiting, we had oyster shooters in vodka and tequila.  It was fresh, flavorful and quite refreshing.  We watched the chef make the dish - there was so much  ingredients and it looked so laborious. You see him adding and mixing and seasoning several steel pots- which probably contains different types of pan roasts. Only when we started eating did we realize that each ingredient he added at just the right time created such a complex and tasty broth - if you can call it that, to our dish.  It was so finger-lickin' good that my friend was tempted to lick the bowl.  I only wish there was more seafood and more broth - well, I really should have ordered my own.  It is a definite must-try.
5	gumbo and seafood with a lil southern twist...its the bombone night late night or even every night... youll taste it and want more.24 hrs and great for all occasions ... even the dreaded first dateyaeh its a must stop when in sin city
5	This has to be one of the most memorable meals you'll experience in Sin City. Putting ambiance aside, you'll have to look beyond the grungy carpet, stale smoke smell and outdated design of the Palace Station and it'll be well worth it. Avoid peak dinner hours (7-8:30pm) or be prepared to wait in line. We waited 1.5 hrs and another 20 mins while our gumbo and pan roast dishes were made. Note that there are only 18 bar stools and an average diner will take 30-40 mins. to eat plus the time you'll wait in line. It is definitely worth the wait though and a great experience watching the chef work making the specialties! Dishes are huge and sharing is permitted but worth the $5 split fee.
3	eeks me think not,  there was some kind of worm squiggling around in my  raw oyster, gross! i probably would've eaten it too if i hadn't squeezed some lemon on all my oysters and noticed it squiggling from pain  in the corner of my eye. i'm relatively new to raw oyster eating, so this was totally unexpected. plus i figured this place would have "clean" oysters since they have Oyster in their name! the chefs were nice and comp'd us the oysters but it really put a downer on my entire evening In addition, the rice in my pan roast was soggy and mushy! i guess they don't know how to make rice. i liked the flavor of the pan roast (mm tomato/lobster bisque mixture), but having soggy sides = minus minus stars. overall very bleh! not sure this was worth the wait.
4	One of the best kept secrets in Vegas.  I almost didn't want to write a positive review because I don't want the word to get out too much so that this place becomes ridiculously crowded.  Big winners here are the pan roast (I like the combo with shrimp, crab, etc) and the bouillabaise
4	The Oyster Bar should be synonymous with hang over food.  Come 12 pm on a lazy Sunday, that's pretty much what everyone looked like, quite hungover and dead tired.  Some with their head in their hands, some with the forlorn tired from I-don't-want-to-tell-you-what-I-did-last-night look.  Sure there were the regulars who were mixed in with the bunch, but most everyone else looked like they had woken up from a VERY GOOD night of partying.  Gumbos, Pan Roasts and Bloody Marys are the perfect first meal to fix that hang over!The Oyster Bar had a very basic menu of various seafood dishes, but most everyone got one of the two popular dishes:  PAN ROAST or GUMBO.  Both are hearty stews filled with your choice of either chicken, sausage, shrimp, crab or lobster.  Or just choose the option to get all of the above.  That's just what I did.  I got the Palace Roast in medium spicy.The man got the Gumbo in medium spicy.Prepared before your very eyes, you can see the ingredients thrown in the ingenious always hot cooking pans that Chef Bob kept going non stop and full of stews.  The bubbling and simmering of all the juicy ingredients right in front of your eyes are enough to make me almost drool right on the table.  Personally, I preferred the Palace roast sauce base over the gumbo base.  The pan roast sauce base is more of a creamy tangy tomato base vs. the gumbo base being more savory and peppery.  Either way you go, you will be filled to the brim!  It is wholesome, hearty, thick, stick-to-your-ribs good.  Tips:  Try to avoid prime time lunch time.  You will encounter a line.  Be prepared for ensuing food coma afterwards.  According to a fellow regular I eavesdropped on, Chef Bob makes the food out of all them.  Any oyster bar.  Period.  Though I haven't been to the other ones, I'll take the guys word for it.  One order of the roast/gumbo will feed two people but beware they charge more for sharing.Conclusion:  Fantastic fill your stomach good!  Thank you very much, Chef Bob!
4	Food: 5+Ambiance: 3Service: 3Food: The place that introduced me to pan roast.  Really the best ive tried since.  Raw Oysters are average, but what can you expect in the middle of the desert. Recommendation: House Pan RoastAmbiance:  Your right in the casino and the place is literally a bar.  There are only about 12 seats so get there early cause your going to have to wait.  Service: Solid, only one waiter and one cook usually.  They are working hard.
5	Combo pan roast. Giant spoons. $5 split fee if you're sharing 1 pan roast. Open 24 hours! It gets kinda nipply sitting at the bar so don't come in your Vegas uniform, ladies, if you know what I mean~ The pan roast kinda tastes like lobster bisque. The soup base is creamy tomatoey with a little kick.Yes, I am weaksauce for ordering a measly 4 out of 10 spicy levels but my body can only endure so much abuse in Vegas with the alcohol consumption, sleep deprivation, laying out by the pool, and dancing in heels all night. I've gotten pretty lucky with short or no lines in all of my visits.  I will be forever grateful to my coworker Memo who said this place is a Vegas MUST!  There are $5 tables and penny slots galore if you are waiting in a long line. The raw oysters and bloody mary oyster shooters are also pretty good. Clams are also worth tasting - they have a tougher more rubbery texture compared to oysters though. Bob was The Man behind the magic 4 out of my 5 visits to the Oyster Bar. I have sometimes gone twice in one Vegas trip.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/awI4hHMfa7H0Xf0-ChU5hg?select=xS-dbbXgtbDyumD7P4Z5gQ
3	On our visit in March visit the line moved rapidly, but this evening we ended up waiting and waiting and waiting for seats to turnover. On being seated my wife ordered a bowl of New England clam chowder while I opted for the Cioppino, a spicy tomato-based stew that included crab, shrimp, mussels and fish.  Both dishes were very good, but we were more interested in getting some shuteye than eating after our long flight.
5	PAN ROAST!!!! MMMMMMM....we got the combo with lobster, shrimp and crab.  It is almost like a bisque but 100x time more flavorful without a weird cream aftertaste. * note the $5 split charge! *  Oysters were so-so.I could use fancy food adjectives, but just go and eat here the next time you are in LV.  You won't be disappointed. This place was the best food I had in Vegas the whole weekend I was there.  (Yes, even better than a $40 pork chop or $30 buffet.) PROPS for having Kirin on tap.  I had a glass while waiting, a glass with my meal and one for dessert. HA!
5	KICK ASS SHELLFISH...pinot noir was dry...which was good when taking oyster shots....i forget what else i had cus i was pretty drunk when i got there but from what i can remember it was some kind of stew that came with rice and the spice meter was set on 11?!?..but that didnt matter cus it TASTED SO GOOD and it was my first time ever going to vegas which made it the very first time i ate here with my friend and his dad which was pretty funny cus he passed out drunk at the bar....oh, the oyster bar is literally a bar in the casino so if you really despise the odor of cigarette smoke with your food then try eating somewhere else.....and casual small talk with strangers is encouraged when you eat here....so dont be some anti-social nut case...
5	Combo Pan Roast w/ spice level 7, that is all i have to say......... But really, this place is the best!!!! Be prepared to wait 40 min to an hour because it is a bar table and can only seat 8-10. Service is great and very friendly. Best times to come is around 3-4am after hitting the tables. As much as i like going to Vegas, I wish they have place like this in Los Angeles so i can come by anytime i want.
4	Really long wait. I came in on a Sunday night around 9:30 pm and didn't get a seat till 10:50 pm, so come prepared with something to do for over an hour. I had the Palace Pan Roast which was delicious. Creamy and hearty, the bowl came with nice chunks of seafood, crab, shrimp and sausage which really hit the spot. The base of the stew is a just the right combination of tomato and cream, not too much of either. Careful on the level of spiciness though, I ordered 7 on a scale from 1-10, and even that overpowered a lot of flavor.Don't bother with the caesar salad, it came overdressed; although, it had nice, fat shrimp too.I did come in once past midnight on a weekday, and was able to take a seat immediately. I had the linguine alla Vongole, which was a lightly flavored pasta with clams. A good pick if you don't want something too seafoody. When it wasn't busy, I found folks working behind the bar polite and attentive.
5	This is another place we always go to at least once every time we are in Vegas.The sourdough rolls are always warm and go well with butter. The thing to get here is the Pan Roast. They must put crack in it or something, it is addictive.There are only a few generic wines to choose from, but wine is really not necessary when you can drink the Pan Roast instead. There are only a limited number of seats to sit at, so sometimes you have to wait a while, but it is worth it, and the service is good because there are only a limited number of seats to sit at.
5	This is my absolute favorite place to dine at when visiting Vegas.  In fact, I sometimes come to Vegas just so I can eat here!!!  For starters...I always go for a bloody mary oyster shooter, followed by a dozen oysters on a half shell.  The oysters here are sooo fresh and shucked perfectly that sometimes I can not refrain myself from ordering a second dozen.  (I'm a fat ass, I know.)From there...you must, must, MUST order a pan roast.  You'll see all sorts of other distractions like the Bouillabaisse, Jambalaya, and Gumbos on the menu to throw you off your game...but trust me on this. Imagine a creamy, cajun style lobster bisque with a kick....that's the amazing pan roast and it's the only way to go.    My favorite is the House Pan Roast (not to be mistaken for the Palace Pan Roast), which comes with generous portions of lobster, clams, crab meat, and enormous shrimp, served with your choice of pasta or jasmine rice.   They'll also ask you for the level spice you would like and if you can handle the heat, go for levels of 7-10, but be aware...this kind of spiciness will hit you as the meal progresses, so don't go to high, or else you won't be able to enjoy it.   Also, the portions are HUGE...I'm always greedy and have to order my own, but I can never finish one! (I know...you're thinking it's because of all the oysters I ate) Lastly, the service which is the biggest kicker of why I continuously come back time after time.  RICARDO...he is THEE  master chef that serves these truly wonderful and extremely tasty creations.  He is delightfully charming and friendly with everyone sitting around his bar.  Last week my girlfriends and I came back twice within one weekend just so we could hang out with Ricardo...well, and the oysters of course.  Located inside Palace Station...this place is now open 24 hours, so come after midnight to avoid a looooooooong wait.
5	Yeah, Sergio is still the man.  JJ is ok too.
5	First of all, thanks to Ricardo for hooking us up and showing us a great time! You should all go see him. He works late night/early morning Sunday-thursday. Food wise, everything is delicious from the roasts, to the oysters, and to the chowders. I highly recommend the combo roast and the dirty chowder, which is half Manhattan clam chowder and half new england clam chowder. I had my doubts at first bit it turned out to be actually quite good. As seating is limited, wait times can get quite long during regular meal time. I recommend going at off hours like three am after a night out.
5	If you're a seafood lover like me, you'll love this place. You can't go wrong with the house pan roast! The consistency is rich and creamy, like a bisque, with huge chunks of seafood, cooked to perfection. I always get it with pasta but I end up eating it as a soup. As far as the spice level goes, I can't handle spicy foods so I usually go with a 4 but I've had a 7, which was a little overwhelming for me but still enjoyable. Don't forget to get the oysters which are always so fresh and so tasty (I mean, hello, it is a oyster bar)! Just put a splash of lemon with a dash of horseradish and cocktail sauce and I'm sure that will brighten anyone's day. Seating is very limited but I've only gone in the wee hours of the morning so I've never had to wait for a table. If you're lucky and you have the pleasure of having Ricardo as your chef, you'll be in for a treat. He's so friendly and makes the best pan roast ever! He's so awesome to the point where I'll be visiting him every time I'm in Vegas. In fact, I've appointed him my new Vegas BFF. Everyone go visit this place, you won't be disappointed!
4	Pan fry is Fabulous and the chowder and the Alaskan chowder ! Being your appetite cause the portions are enough for two.
4	We arrived around 7:30pm on a Wednesday night.  There was a 30 minute wait.  This place is tiny.  I'd say maybe 20 ppl can eat at a time.  We ordered the Combo Pan Roast which we both thought was ok.  We also shared the Alaskan Chowder at the recommendation of another diner.  That was exceptional.  Each person gets one piece of bread which was fine.  Service was decent.
4	Holy mother this place is no joke! Nestled in a shitty hotel off the strip, I would have never even known about this place if my friends weren't raving about it!. It's literally a bar/counter restaurant with 18 seat which means yes.... the lines are unbelieveably long! We got there on a Saturday at 2:30 pm after setting up for Magic. The line didn't seem too bad with about 10 people in front of us but what we didnt realize... was that the people standing in line were with bigger parties that were either gambling or sitting down at the slot machines!!! They were taking turns standing in line so it was actually about 22 ppl in front of us!!! Ughhhhhh!!!! I am probably the most impatient person in the world so this was quite a challenge for me. But then again, I love food more than I hate waiting so I sucked it up, bought a gossip mag and sat at the slots while my guy friends waited in line :) Anywho, we finally sat down and was served by 5. The total was 2 and a half hours but gosh darnit... shit was deliciousnesssss!!!! We got 2 palace pan roast for the 3 of us and 2 dozen oysters. I requested level 7 for the spiciness and it wasn't nearly as spicy as I thought it would be. Oh and they ran out of chicken so they threw in lobster instead and gave us a discount which was awesome of them! I would definitely come back and since they are open 24 hrs, I'm gonna come at a totally off hour cuz I can eat this anytime of day. I'm thinking around 5-6am after a nite out will be perfect! This has got to be the best thing I can eat when i am drunk and hungry. CAn't wait to come back! Oh and I wanna bring a oyster bar virgin with me cuz this is one of those places that you get excited to bring new ppl to!
4	All I have to say is that me and my friends make a special trip to the Palace Casino to eat here.   Beware.  There usually a line for this as it's a oyster bar, and not a restaurant...  and guess what... there are way too many slot machines within reach.
5	Located off the strip, on the other side of the 15 freeway is the Palace Station Hotel. I have never set foot in this hotel/casino in my life until my friend told me that I need to go try the Oyster Bar here. Although, I'm not a big fan of raw oysters because of what it can potentially do to my bowels, I was assured that they have plenty of other (sea)food items to choose from.The Oyster Bar is literally a horse shoe style bar (think shabu shabu). No frills, no tables, just a bar and stools. Everything is made, prepped, and served right in front of you. Because of this, be prepared to wait. It's worth it, trust me! Although we only had about eight people in front of us, it still took about an hour to get seated. Also, if you roll deep, expect to split up. This place though is opened 24/7. Maybe if you creep in around 4am then the line will be short unless all the drunken clubbers and strippers are present.It seems like everyone has mixed reviews about the different food items here. Personally, the House Gumbo ($20) is the Royal Flush in my opinion. It's big enough for two people. The flavor will blow the socks off your feet. I had a New Orleans native with me and even she was impressed. I would come back and wait the long @$$ line just for this. I've been fantasizing about this gumbo ever since.The jambalaya was my next favorite item we shared. It was a little bit runny at first but as the rice sits, it'll slowly soaks up the sauce. Another flavorful delight and massive in size.The Seafood Pan Roast was good but it doesn't trump the other two items I sampled. It's heavily raved about, but I can go back to the Oyster Bar and pass it up.I like how each of these items was made right in front of us in these cool looking, silver/metal gadgets. It's hard to explain what they are so just check out the pictures or go there yourself and pay attention to how your food is being made. You'll be fascinated at how easy the chefs will make it look. Their secret is in the pre-made sauces of course. Our chef Blake was calm and collective even though he had a lot on his plate. Patrons were eagerly gawking at each dish he made, impatiently waiting their bite.Few suggestions: try not to come during peaked times. Share dishes and be aware that the portions are huge. Also, keep the party to a minimum unless you don't mind splitting up. Lastly, bring your appetite and taste buds because like watching Seigfreid and Roy, you're about to get mesmerized.
5	Believe the hype. Oyster Bar inside old, smoky Palace Station, really is delicious. The line wasn't too bad, we waited around 30-40mins. The food is fantastic! We ordered:-dozen oysters-Linguine fra diablo-Pan Roast (Combo)The oysters were fresh, the linguine was spicy with plenty of shrimp and lobster meat, and the pan roast was unlike anything I have tasted before. The broth is very unique. Service was very busy but Sergio was awesome. Oyster Bar is open 24 hours so anytime is a good time to fulfill your craving for southern cajun-style food. I will definitely be back for round two.
5	I have been here bunches of times, but haven't written anything till now. We ate there on Monday and arrived at 6:30 p.m., we waited in line for 3 long hours before we got seated. By the time we were seated and our food served, we had gobbled up the bread and divided amongst the 4 of us a ceaser's salad. When our crab pan roast arrived, it was love at first bite yet, again and I sort of forgot I waited 3 darn long hours to eat it, yeah right. Anyway, I refer people visiting here to make this an absolute must stop. Each person raves how wonderful their experience was and make this part of their stops on their future trips to Vegas.  Afterall, you can't gamble the whole time there,everyone needs to stop and eat and this place is unique and different and a delight for any palette.Cost is about $20.00 for a decent sized bowl, served with a generous scoop of rice. Don't forget to tell them how spicy you want it. On a scale of 1 through 10, I chose a 6 and it wasn't too spicy. I think the next time I go, I'll choose an 8 and hopfully it'll have a good kick, but not too much, where I wouldn't be able to enjoy it...............Oh, and if you love oysters on the half shell, then this is your place. I'm not an oyster lover per say, buy I see a ton of people enjoying themselves.If you've never been here before, too bad for you.........They now open 24 hours, so next time we go, we're eating off hours to avoid those dreadful long lines.Till next time, happy eating!
5	To all my friends and Las vegas go-ers, i cannot tell you how much love i have for this place.Food: The food itself is phenomenal. it's a creole type like place and according to my friends (because i don't eat oysters) the oysters were really good. My favorite would have to be the combo pan roast with sausage. But the bouillabaise and Gumbo is just as amazing if you want to try anything different. I always get spicy level 6 it's the perfect spice level if you can handle spicy like i can. While you wait for you food I suggest either getting some oysters or if you're like me get a cup of the chowder. it doesn't matter if you get the new england or manhattan. They're both really good either way. Ask for extra rolls if you need any.Pricing: If you're a first time go-er you would think it's really expensive. it's almost $20 for every entree, but the amount of food they give you can feed two people. I usually just share mine and I still always have left overs. There is a $5 split fee, but trust it's not all that bad. Oysters are 11.99 for half a dozen and 16.99 for a dozen. Customer service: This place is always busy and there's only like a total of 2 people working, the chef and the server. Somehow they manage to always keep their energy high and they love to joke a lot. I've been here about 6 times already and everytime i go, I've always enjoyed it. Customer service can be a bit slow, but you gotta give them a break. I do warn you the seating for this place is very limited. i would say the bar only seat 14 and unfortunately it's only for 21+. I got carded like 3 times already. i would recommend coming here either early in the morning or late at night. that way you avoid the lines.
5	The food is def worth going to Palace Station for BUT be prepared for the long wait.  Labor Day weekend was at least 3 hours... they only have 18 seats around a bar, which is also the kitchen.  Start waiting in line for dinner right after lunch.  Combo Roast and Oysters are sooo yummy.
4	Waited 2.5 hours this time and I must say it was still worth it. The hotel is exceptionally smokey, but the food is so good. I usually get the Palace Pan Roast Combo (shrimp, crab, lobster) and I make whoever I go with get the Gumbo. On the spice scale, I get a 4 and it's just a lil spicey where you can still taste the goodness and real flavors and it's not just heat. There is only seating for 18 (when you're in line so long, you count chairs and weigh who will leave next and curse those who order more). The staff is INCREDIBLE. There's a long wait, but it's not their fault. They're always happy and friendly. We celebrated my mom's 60th birthday and they brought her some cheesecake and the whole place was singing along. Place is open 24 hours and when the wait is long, I recommend one person waits in line while the other(s) grab a quick snack at the Cabo Bar so you don't starve to death. I wouldn't recommend the other(s) gamble (although that's what the casino wants). You could lose a lot of money in 2.5 hours.
5	There's really not much I can say that hasn't been said, especially by my pal, Mike H. who brought me here.  In fact his review is spot on.  You really can't go wrong with the Pan Roast as a dish for a first timer.  Personally, the spicier the better so I went with a 6 for my first time but cursed myself because I felt I could go up a point or two higher!  Luckily you have a good choice of hot sauces to add if you want that little extra kick.As for the serving, they are generous, I probably shouldn't be eating so much, especially with all those rolls I used to suck up any errant soup.  Also while I'm at it, I should mention it was my first time trying oysters too.  And while I didn't find them disgusting, it's definitely not something I see myself eating much with or without cocktail sauce and horseradish.  If there's one thing I can knock the place for is how it literally is just a bar, with just one cook and one waitress and with its obvious popularity it takes to awhile to get seated or get serviced at high traffic times like Saturday night but at least when you do the staff is friendly and even goes above the call of duty.So in short, I'll definitely make a trip back.  The Palace Pan Roast and the pastas all looked delicious!
4	House pan roast was pretty damn good, but the seating and cleanup is in turtle speed.  Waitress disappears and leaves the last parties dishes sitting there for about 15 min while we stand in line starving...who manages this place? Nothing bad can be said about the chef cuz he is working his ass off.  30 min wait is cool but I wouldn't do an hr.
5	My most favorite places to dine while in Vegas. Recently became 24 HRS!!!The PAN ROAST combo (shrimp, crabs, lobster) is a must have! The orange creamy soup is pretty flavored and salty (extra salty because of the seafood) so it's best to scoop a spoon full on top of your rice, like curry, and eat it that way. Or eat it with bread. Gumbo is ok, I don't like that too much. Oysters are always fresh and delish. The shooters are even better. The wait is long. Sometimes over an hour long. But it's worth the wait. Trust. Set up is a bar, about 14 stools. Waiting for your food takes a while too since there is only one server and one cook. Sometimes the cook is the one doing all the work. So be patient. Service is great here. Cooks are always interactive and fun. Our cook gave our party of 7 oyster shooters because it was my cousin's birthday on the house. Awesome service!Enjoy.
5	To die for!!!!! While my mom and I were dining at the delicious TC's Rib Crib we started talking to a couple and their friend sitting next to us about great places to eat in Vegas and they all agreed that the "Oyster Bar" @ Palace Station was the next best place to try in Vegas.We stood on line for 45 minutes but it was so worth the wait. We ordered oysters first then shared the gumbo in which you can add as much heat to it as you can stand and it was loaded w/crab, shrimps and lobster. You can any of the seafood items your selected dish. I also love that they cook it right there before you. New Orleans WATCH out.... The portions are healthy, so you can share.We both decided it would be the 1st place we're eating at  the next time we're in Vegas and we wouldn't share either. LOL
4	Never thought such good food would come out of a place like this (older hotel). Thank you to my Uncle who suggested we try this place out... along with the many positive Yelp Reviews.Oyster bar is definitely worth the wait. We got here around 2:30pm on a Saturday and waited about an hour to be seated. There are only 18 seats at the bar. We got the Combo Pan Roast, which was excellent, and the House Gumbo, which was good, but not as good as the Pan Roast. We also got some oysters, which came with cocktail sauce & horseradish. Oh, and brownie points for the warm bread and room temperature butter. This was way too much food for 2 people, but we just had to try more than 1 dish. Also, they charge $5 for split plates. Next time I think we'll just bite the bullet and pay the $5 so we're not super duper full. They cook the food right in front of you, which is quite a treat. Oh, ice tea was not that great. I would suggest getting an adult beverage to compliment the food. They have recommendations for pairings on the board. They are open 24 hours, and only seat guests 21 years old and over.
5	Was invited here by a buddy of mine during my recent 6 day stay in Vegas for a tournament at Desert Sportsman., When he mentioned oysters,  I thought, ......well, I'm not a big Oyster eater, but I'm hungry.   Fortunately, we visited this place on a Tuesday afternoon and sat down right away..  I hear that the lines are long and since it is a limited seating bar, people wait over an hour to get a seat.  Chef, tells us that due to huge interest , it is now open 24/7When we got to the bar, he suggested two choices. Combo Roast or Alaskan Chowder.  I went for the Combo roast., 5 on the spicy meter. , I first admired the chef creating the meal using the unique kitchen tools.  All the soups are heated by steam device  right in front of you.  Quick serviceAfter a a few spoonfuls, OMG this is awesome.  Shared some with a friend who had the Alaskan chowder,  I needed it  back!  Very savory, dish, perfect spice, Scoop of steam rice in the soup  was just what I needed,  Tender Crab, Shrimp and lobster filled every spoonful.  I watched other patrons ask for their left overs to go.  I couldn't stop!  I found myself smiling as I devoured this delectable dish.  I didn't get any oysters or house favorites, no room for that!  If you  like Creole style food, you MUST try this place next time you are in Vegas.Now I know why my buddy visited this bar 4 times during a week-long stay in Vegas!
4	The Oyster Bar could easily be one of my favorite places to eat at. With oysters being back in season, this was my place of choice to go to on a Saturday night. We got there around 830 pm figuring we would beat the dinner rush. We ended up waiting for a whole hour when there was only about 7 people ahead of us! The good thing was that they were pretty quick about getting us our dozen oysters and food. The oysters were delicious, but had a couple pieces of shells stuck to the oyster itself from the shucking. We ordered our favorite, the Combo Pan Roast...yum! Sharing between the two of us is always more than enough and always always get an extra side of rice. The lady didn't charge us a sharing fee which was extremely nice of her considering that I was getting cranky from the long wait. Overall, if I was starving I don't think I would wait the hour at 8:30 otherwise come really early or really late so that way the wait is cut in half. There is always a wait no matter what, but this just means that this place is that GOOD!
5	What you yelpers said!What a cool experience! After reading about the rush here and wait for seats and finding ourselves looking for lunch late afternoon on a Tuesday we thought, this is our chance! Good plan.I didn't quite understand from the other yelpers the whole "cooked in front of you" concept. Maybe on my mobile app I didn't read enough. But while we sat down and helped ourselves to a couple of Wedmier hefeweizen and had a dozen oyster shucked to order and started on those, we watched the magic occur. There are 6 'pots', all plumbed directly for steam. They place your selected seafood into the pots with some wonderfully seasoned broth to start the cooking. Midway in the cooking, then they add the necessary differentiators for the different orders. Gumbo gets a roux, "pan roast" gets a cream brandy sauce (not following how that is a roast, but I digress), etc... Heat is adjusted to your liking, and the 7 out of 10 was really perfect for people who like spicy but still want to taste their seafood.Major kudos to yelpers who let me know going in that the plate split was wise. No way we should have gotten 2 entrees. A dozen oysters and one pan roast washed down with beer was perfect for the two of us.
4	Fkn WOW!!! I would give this place a 5 if it had more than the 14 or so bar stools available to sit. Took me and my party of 3 about an hour to be seated; there were only 6 people in line ahead of us, but it was totally worth it. I've been to Vegas 3 times this summer knowing about this place, but it wasn't until the 3rd time out that I was sober enough to make my merry drunk way from the strip to the Palace Station. The Pan Roast (crab, shrimp, and lobster) was highly recommended so that's what I ordered and it was great. They make everything in front of you so that's cool. I forget what my friends ordered, but it was also very good. Great hangover food.
5	Let me first say that I LOVE SEAFOOD. So I might be a bit bias.A while back I was bookmarking locations to try out during my summer vacation in Vegas. Being someone that has to control his gambling urges and set monetary limits, I had to find other things to do to pass by the time. Eating is always a good alternative. So when I told my cousins I wanted to come here, they thought it was a great idea.Located off the Strip, at the Palace Station inside resides a single bar counter. There isn't much seating so time your trip here right, but luckily this place is open 24 hours!I went back and forth on their selection of seafood. Eventually went with the cook's recommendation and went with the popular dish, the combo pan roast. And right before your eyes, the chief cooks right in front of you. Portion size comes in an enormous bowl. Sooo good. Choose your spice level too. Expect to pay $20 plus tip... that is, if you're stomach isn't telling you to order other dishes or oysters shooters."No photography please. That'll cost extra." He jokes to our group of three, occasionally sounding like the infamous Soup Nazi. A sense of humor. Nice.Heading back to Vegas next month. Will definitely make a pit stop here. :-)
5	I used to love coming to Palace Station back in the day.  This is when I went to school, had no job and looked to stretch my dollar as far as possible.  Fast forward - now that I have some sort of an income and have gotten accustomed to staying on the Strip, I was a bit surprised by what I had considered to be posh 15 years ago.  But then again, I also thought that a burger qualified as "gourmet" as long as it had some Thousand Island dressing in it.Employees here wear badges stating that they love locals which is a sign that they are not attracting many out of area visitors. Where most of the locals seem to congregate is at the Oyster Bar which is sort of a misnomer since most of the people are not sitting there eating oysters. The bar has an unusual steam contraption that allows the "bartender" to cook your gumbo, etoufee, etc made to order. The cook for that night, Ricardo, showed amazing deft at handling all of the orders and making each one individually.  Although it is not made from scratch (they use a paste concentrate for the gumbo stock), it tastes amazing.  Since the seafood is added that moment, it has not been simmering for hours which explains the fresh quality that it imparts.My favorite was the combo pan roast, another misnomer, since nothing is ever really roasted.  It is more of a cross between cream of tomato soup, bisque, and cioppino.  The gumbo is also very good and you can request a custom level of spice.  I ordered mine at level 7 and it proved to be moderate in heat. I appreciate that the crab they add in their dishes is already out of the shell. I also recommend that you ask for the rice on the side so that you have the option of enjoying the soup on its own in between bites of the yummy seafood.  I didn't get to try the clam chowder but that looked good enough for me to christen my first child in.If you come late at night, especially on the weekends, be prepared for a long wait. There can be large parties waiting ahead of you and sometimes they will hold open seats so they can be seated together.  This unfortunately adds to the wait times.  But if you are lucky, you will also be there when the freaks come out at night and get a dinner and a show.  Go hungry as they give you a pretty large bowl.  Prices may be a bit on the higher side but it is well worth it.
5	A Five Star for the Vegas gumbo. House Gumbo. Shrimp, Andouille, Chicken, Crab, and Lobster gumbo. Yes, more than likely you'll have to wait over an hour in line. Go grab a Smithwicks from the Irish Pub across the way, then wait it out for a seat at the altar of New Orleans grub in LV.It has become a tradition, nay, pilgrimage, to this Mecca of deliciousness that is the ominously titled "Oyster Bar" at the Palace Station. Station Casinos are known to cater to locals, and locals and returning visitors know this spot is dope. I met a professional concierge, not native to U.S., let alone LV,  who recommends this joint to only her highest clientele.Wait, sit, order, wait, indulge. I also STRONGLY recommend the Bloody Mary Oyster Shooters (3 for $10 or 1 for $4). SERIOUSLY. This gumbo is UNREAL! And the staff is on point, amiable, and accommodating, given the cramped nature of this small bar in a casino. Would eat for breakfast, lunch, dinner and midnight snack if possible.
5	The lobster roast ($19.99) was delicious! It was thick, creamy, flavorful, spicy (optional) and full of lobster pieces. The bowl is huge and easily sharable, but I would rather eat the whole thing to myself. The seafood platter is pretty decent, but I can do without it. Nothing spectacular even though it is an "oyster bar". The bar probably has less than twenty seats so good chance you will have to wait 1+ hour for dinner. It is most definitely worth the wait, but it's quite painful when you're hungry. Make sure to order ASAP b/c they can only make so many bowls at a time. Don't let people who get seated after you order first. You will regret it if they take the last cooking pot and you have to wait till the next round.The servers are attentive and move relatively fast. They  were very sweet and even gave us  cheesecake on the house. I guess it never hurts to ask.  Good job MD!I wish there was one here in LA, but I guess I'll just have to wait till my next VEGAS trip!
5	WOW!  Found this place on yelp and it was awesome.  It is inside the Palace Station Casino which is an older casino, off the strip.  I know some people like to eat on the strip but trust me that this place is worth it, even if you got to pay for a cab.  It is literally a bar that sits inside the casino, along a wall.  You sit at the counter on a bar stool.  By the way, there is only about 20 bar stools, yes I said a total of 20.  There is a roped area where you wait in line for a seat.  I tried it on a Friday night at about 9-10 pm.  I was eating with one friend (party of two) and we waited in line for about 30-45 minutes.  From what I understand, this is pretty typical.  This place can get busy, for good reason.  There is nowhere to sit when you are waiting in line, you are pretty much just standing there.  If you are with a group, you could have one person stand in line while others sit at nearby slot machines.  I mention this because I saw a couple people do it.I ordered the Combo Pan Roast.  It is kinda like a seafoood bisque containing lobster, crab, and shrimp.  It was excellent.  The portion size was more than enough.  The pan roast cost me about 20 bucks.  I had it with ice water and the complimentary bread.  My friend ordered the Combo Gumbo.  It was also good but I preferred the Pan Roast.  I saw some people ordering the Clam Chowder and Ciopinno too.  They cook each order right in front of you, individually.  The cooking equipment they used was unique and was fun to watch.  Service was great.  I will definitely come here again when I visit Las Vegas.  They have recently changed their hours so they are open 24 hours.
3	I find this place really difficult to review because my food was easily a 4 but my experience was more like a 2. So we'll take the average and go with a 3, and we'll let future visits decide my final rating!There WILL be a future visit, because the food was really good. I had a combo roast with shrimp, crab and lobster, basically all floating in a delicious, creamy sauce reminiscent of lobster bisque. It was very yummy and filling and EXACTLY what I'd hoped for.It's a tiny place, with just a few seats around a bar where all of the food is cooked fresh, right in front of you. Let me tell you, it was oh so satisfying when, after an hours' wait, we finally got to take our seats around those bubbling cauldrons of delicious seafoody goodness!  It's slow, but the cook and the servers work really hard to get the food to you as fast as possible, and our waitress was awesomely attentive, considering how busy she was. However... the guy cooking messed up and skipped us twice, serving people who sat down over 20 and 30 minutes later than us. We were there for nearly 3 hours in all and It kinda sucked.The staff were apologetic when we all figured out what was going on, but the whole thing just felt so disorganized. Waiting in line, when seats open up, they don't really let smaller parties fill in the gaps. There was an end seat on either side of the bar remaining empty almost all night- that bugged the crap out of me, as with a little maneuvering around, another couple could have sat down and let the line move faster, too.BUT these inconveniences are not a deal-breaker; I'll be back for more delicious shrimp someday soon. And hey, I won $10 at a slot machine while waiting in line, so you can use the time to score a discount on dinner if you are so inclined, haha.
5	I first went here when my good friend had his 30th birthday in Vegas and made it a point to have one of his meals here. I am so glad he did!Then I went again when my graduate program was celebrating in Vegas after finishing our comp exam. The first time, I split a dozen oysters, had the large beer and ordered the combination pan roast (spice level 3; I'm super sensitive to spicy and would sweat up a storm if I went higher than that). The pan roast is seriously one of the best meals I have ever had...and I don't like to overuse hyperbole! Oh and the bread is fantastic as well.The 2nd time I went with a couple of friends and I was hyping this place up the entire time. I ordered the bouillabaisse and my friends split a combo pan roast. We shared family style. The bouillabaisse was great, but nothing beats the pan roast (see previous paragraph). One of my friends also wanted to try the clam chowder so we ordered that after eating the other things. If you have the room, you HAVE to order the clam chowder. I'm not a chowder connoisseur, but I'm from Norcal and have eaten plenty of chowder in my day (in SF among other places). The chowder here is among the best I've had as well which just cements this place to one of my favorites of all time. Read on for additional experience/logistical/personal details:The first time, there were about 8 of us and let me tell you...that is quite a feat to get seated with that large a group here. Luckily we went during lunch and it was relatively not busy. Plus you can get drinks and play some slots while waiting. This casino is definitely not for people looking for the glitz and glamour Vegas has to offer. Bob, our cook (they cook it right in front of you so you get to interact the entire time) had a straight-forward crude sense of humor, which I appreciate and the waitresses are so friendly and personable. Some of the sweetest ladies work here!When I first saw this place, I was surprised because the seating was so limited. We all ordered beers from the bar nearby, so waiting wasn't an issue for us. I would definitely recommend going the weekday at an off-peak time (if possible) if you just want to try this place. Another thing to note is that when you leave this place you have that feeling that 'you're in the know' in Vegas even if you're not a local. I could be way off and sound like a total tourist to actual locals, but that's the perception and feeling (described above) I get when i leave this place. This place is a must visit every time I'm in Vegas.
5	Been back a few times. The BF and I decided to go and try something different and got some Bouillabase. It was pretty solid with a good broth. Plenty generous on the seafood including lobster, shrimp, crab legs, cod, clams and mussels. Yes, yes, pan roast is bomb, but sometimes I have other moods. I think we will come back and try more items. We kinda figured out some of the "slow" times where the wait is 30minutes to no line so when there's no wait it's really worth it. We've had Steve and Ricardo a ton of times at night and both are nice and offer great service. If you're a fan of bloody mary's, theirs is pretty decent. They do a special for $3.50 from 1am-9am so if you need some Hair of the Dog recovery stop on by for some breakfast pan roast and bloody marys!
3	Lucky for us the wait was only 20 minutes. Everyone and their mom recommends this place. They gave our oysters to the wrong people, so we didnt get ours till after our main dish came out. Then we tried to eat them and they weren't even shucked correctly, they muscle was still stuck to the shell. I also ordered the Palace Pan Roast which was very good, but kind of too rich for my taste. I would go back, but only if there wasn't a line.
5	absolutely ghetto.this is that part of vegas that i always want to forget exists.will completely depress you on what the future holds for humanity...[three cheers to dying young]the taxi wait to leave[yes, that's right, i said taxi wait, in vegas. and not wait because of people, because of lack of taxis]was longer than the considerable wait for a seat.despite all that,my god, my god;that is one unbelievable pot of food.all of us were in pain from over eating for 3 straight days;yet, despite all the despites, would go back in a heartbeat, any time...meal was absolutely delectable;server & cooks were all damn amusing,couldn't think of a better place to lick my wounds from a weekend at the tables...
4	THIS. IS. DRUNK FOOD MECCA!When you pass by during the day, you'll see just about every stool occupied and even a line of people waiting during the normal meal times. But even at even at 3, 4 or even 5 in the morning, Oyster Bar still has a steady flow of loyal customers that make a pit stop just before going to bed. On my first night at the Oyster Bar, my boyfriend and I shared the combo pan roast. As I was just about to succumb to sleep, the delectable aroma of the pan roast woke me and the beast inside my belly.  Fresh shrimp, crab and lobster all simmering in a creamy tomato broth... how can that not wake you up?  It was just bite after bite of creamy goodness.  And Steve & Ricardo, who work the night shift, don't skimp out on the meat.  The portions here are huge, even after sharing, we still had leftovers. On my second night... yes, it was that good that I had to come another night... I had the cup of clam chowder for only $4.99.  The clams were so fresh and had the nice chewy texture that I love. Mhm mhm good!This is a must try place if you step into Palace Station. It's open 24 hours so there's no excuse for not trying it out! The staff is so funny and friendly. There's a $5 shared plate charge and Steve didn't charge us the $5 for the combo pan roast on the first night.Enjoy!
5	You have to order the Combo Pan Roast.  It is heavenly!Look for deals from station casino and you can find gift certificates for half price.
5	Rating is really a 4.5 but of course that's not available.  Came here because my cousin loves oysters but also saw the stellar reviews. The food was awesome! My cousin had a dozen oysters and I had the small clams. He said the oysters were delicious and fresh, my clams were also very good, however I probably wouldn't order these again. The clams are $17, and I think for what you get not worth quite that much. But that's the only partial negative mark. We both had the combo pan roast which has sausage, shrimp, and chicken I believe, this comes in a thick soup or broth with rice. Think of something very similar to gumbo. You order it with a spice level, we both had a 7. Normally I like spicy food but 7 was pretty challenging to me, if I were to do it over again I would do a 5. The main reason for me is it was tough for me at times to truly enjoy it while battling spice. You can always add Tabasco or hot sauce which they have on the counter. My cousin said this is the type of food he would be expecting to eat in new Orleans, but this was way better than what he had in the French quarter. I can't wait for my next visit back!
4	I give it 4.5 stars, almost a 5. The only knock is the wait and no reservations. This place is highly coveted, so the wait can be long. The food is still top knotch, it's in the conversation for the best cajun style food in Vegas.
5	Come here in the middle of night (the usual lines are epic)Acquire Pan RoastDisregard Oysters?????Profitseriously though, i would stay away from the oysters. not very good quality. not even a very good deal. but come for the other dishes.
5	Was staying at the highly unglamorous Palace Station for a conference and had heard rave reviews for the Oyster Bar. // LOCATION // Literally a bar with approximately 15-20 seats all the way around. // WAIT // 5-10 minutes at 4 pm on a Friday for a party of 5. We lucked out because we barely beat the dinner rush. // FOOD //     +Oyster Shooters: So fresh and served with the customary lemon wedges and a tangy sauce.     +Combo Pan Roast: Amazingly flavorful with very tender meat and warm fluffy rice     +Pasta Diablo: Guaranteed spicy much to my dismay. The jumbo shrimp served in it were succulent and fresh though.     +Little neck clam steamers: So aromatic and tasty. I don't know where Oyster Bar managed to find fresh seafood in the middle of the desert, but I will definitely be back!
5	Of course the Pan Roast and Fanny Bay oysters is a star meal, but the BF and I have gone a few times and have branched out to try other things. Very glad we have. We decided based on our usual server Steve's recommendation of bouillabaise ($21.99) It had a good soup base and plenty of seafood including crab, lobster, shrimp, mussels, clams and cod. Pretty solid as far as bouillabaise goes.We got our usual oysters to go and it was past midnight and they were doing $3.50 Bloody Marys so I got one. Pretty solid and spicy how I like! Next time we ended up with Little neck clam steamers ($15.99)- good, but standard. Broth butter was good thoughAlaskan Chower ($17.99) New England style with crab, lobster, and shrimp. It is very thick so we poured a little of our clam broth in it and that made a more preferred consistency for me. If you don't want it as gloopy as for some of the seafood broth into it and I think the garlic, parsley, butter enhanced it. Definitely one of my favorites. We normally go around the same time at night so it's been always Steve and Ricardo who take care of us and it's been good service every time. The BF and I somehow have magical timing as the last 3 times we haven't had to wait at all for a chair!! Still one of my favorite places and we're planning to try down all that's on the menu.
4	This place was awesome. We had to wait about 10-15 minutes since all the seats were taken when we arrived around 8pm yesterday. Ordered oysters and split Pan Roast with crab, shrimp and lobster. YUM- oysters were Fanny Bays, a couple of shell pieces but still pretty awesome and a great deal for $18 a dozen. Pan roast with cream, brandy and rich tomatoes along with our shellfish was bomb. served with rice we split it. JJ was cooking it up and we got 7 heat out of 1-10. Not too spicy and was delish! We will be back -this was a great example of yelp reviews that are accurate as always and did find this place at the top of reviews for oysters. Only 4 stars- service was friendly but it took awhile for them to clear a spot at the bar and had to go get our own drinks.
1	I used to love this place until they just did one of the most cocky, arrogant things a restaurant can do, charge a $5 share fee. My girlfriend and I used to love to come and split an appetizer and then share a pan roast. Now they charge us $5 extra. It's not a split plate fee where we are asking them for anything additional for sharing,we just eat out of the same bowl. How is this even legal? I bought this bowl of soup and now if I give some to my girlfriend I owe you $5 more? This is just greed on its face and something and establishment will do when they think they have loyal customers that will stand for anything. Not me, I am not going back until they remove this ridiculous fee. The waitress was even embarrassed when I asked where that came from.. Said it was new and apologized.
5	Open 24 hours with very limited seating, the Oyster Bar proves to be a great reason to make an effort out to Palace Station. We went on a Monday afternoon, no wait though after us there was a rush and people were lined up for about 30 min. This isn't going to be a fancy meal, but it will be a good one at a expensive but fair price. I tried the pan roast combo and the broth was rich and full of seafood. We also had the gumbo which was very large but average in taste, again, with lots of seafood.This place is great if you are drunk, hung over or just want a meal. We also got a cup of the regular clam chowder... it made me want to get the Alaskan one just so I could get more of everything. Though it looked like it could stop my heart if I ate it, this would be the way I would always want my clam chowder.
1	Oyster Bar combo pan roast, $24.  A  discordant mish mash of spiced up odds and ends with about 4 big shrimps thrown in.   I don't get it?  What's so great?  I think it costs 2 or 3 times what it should.  Slightly odd slightly smirky server.  Inside a casino.  I thought it was slightly weird, but then I think the whole Las Vegas scene is weird.
5	The best place to eat in Vegas is in the most dingy nasty hotel/casino.  If you're a newbie then follow these instructions:1.  There will likely be a long wait unless you're there between 3am and 10am.  Regardless of the length of the line and how disgusting the surrounding casino smells you must wait it out; it'll be worth it!2.  Order the Pan Roast Combo.  It is a food experience that will resonate in your food eating memories for a long time.  The waitress said something about trying it Scampi Style next time we're there.  I'm still not sure what it is, but you may want to inquire if you're interested. 3.  Eat, enjoy, and payNo matter how busy this place gets, the employees always seem to appear positive and they're on top of their game.  Effective Service with a smile.
3	After a 1.5hr wait, I'd have to say this place is overrated and overpriced. $19 for a giant bowl that one person definitely can't finish. $5 split plate fee? C'mon...I ordered the Combo Pan Roast and while it's tasty, it's mostly just a giant bowl of creamy thick tomato soup. Came with one scoop of rice which is definitely not enough considering the giant bowl of soup. Do yourself a favor and ask for another scoop of rice. I tried Domo's gumbo and definitely preferred the pan roast since it had a more tangy flavor. Saw someone order the ciaopinno and made a mental note to order that next time since it looked like more seafood came with that order than the pan roast. My main gripe about the Combo pan roast is that it's supposed to come with shrimp, crab, and lobster. You can make out the shrimp but the lobster and crab were harder to spot since the lobster came already shelled so you'd have to dig around your bowl of soup to find the lobster. At first it looked like a piece of fish, but when I bit into it, it seemed more like lobster. The crab comes shredded...so if you don't finish your entire bowl of thick-ass soup, you end up leaving precious morself of crab...what a waste!! I want to eat all of the crab!!!!!Try to come very EARLY or very late because although the counter seats 18, they only have 6 kettles cooking at a time, which means that the other 12 people have to wait 20 miniutes before their food even starts cooking. We found out the hard way.....On a side note, one of the dealers at Rio told us that South Point Casino also has an Oysters Bar there and that there is a lot more seating there so if we ever decide to go back, we'll check out South Point's bar instead.PS: While I was perusing the menu, an asian fellow approached me and informed me that his restaurant, The Boiler in Chino HIlls offers similar kettle-steamed gumbo fare. He mentioned that he studied under the executive Chef of Oyster Bar. So, that might be a good one to check out if you're ever in the area...
4	A burly man wearing a white chef's jacket with a name tag that said "Evan" made our late night dinner yesterday night. A skinnier gentleman wearing a blue long-sleeved button-down with "Steven" on his name tag served us. He was the only one serving and bussing this 12-14 seat bar. We waited for ten minutes before getting our seats. They have a late-night special menu, which included dollar Budlights, Linguini & Clams for $7.99, and Bloody Mary for $3.50. I ordered a Pepsi. My love ordered a Bud Light.We took advantage of the special menu and ordered the Linguini with Clams, and we ordered "Chowda," New England Clam Chowder, which is our favorite item from the oyster bar . We shared our food, but Evan, the cook, said, "Don't tell Steve you're sharing! Otherwise, it's five dollars to split your plate." He said it nonchalantly and added, "You're just swapping, right?" "Right," we answered. To the food:Linguini and Clams: Linguini was al dente, and there were a boatload of clams in the linguini. It wasn't spectacular, but it wasn't bad either. It was good."Chowda:" This is the reason why we come. The chowder is served in two sizes, cup for $4.99 and bowl for $6.99. The bowl was like a super bowl. It's very filling and definitely should be "swapped" with your friends. There're a lot of oysters in the clam chowder. The soup is creamy, not watery and not too thick. If you want another place to go for this awesome clam chowder, you can also go to Texas Station on Fridays for their buffet, as they have clam chowder there as soup of the day. Great clam chowder in Greater Las Vegas... a great late night special/late night happy hour place to go to.YUM!
3	They get three stars now. They changed chefs. I used to brag about this place and anytime family or friends visit I made sure I took them to the bar. I went about a week ago and there was a new cook. The gumbo was still good but ....not as good.
4	Looked on my yelp app on my phone looking for a dinner location on one of my trips to Vegas. Stumbled upon a highly rated Oyster Bar. We had oysters the other night and it wasn't that great so it would be nice to replace that bad taste in my mouth.This place only seats around 12 people on a bar with the chef cooking in from of you.This place opens 24 hours and I heard there's a massive line around dinner time and around 3 or 4 am when everyone is drunk. Fortunately, the line wasn't that long, we were seated in about 30 mins.Since its an Oyster Bar, we had to order some oysters on a half shell. We ordered a half dozen as, based on the yelp reviews, it wasn't the main thing to order. And again, you fellow yelpers were right. It was decent but not the best I've had. The thing to order is the pan roast and the gumbo. To be honest, this is the first time I've ever ate gumbo, been wanting to try for a while but it was very good. I definitely need to head to New Orleans to try to real deal.Both the Pan Roast and Gumbo had a good amount of seafood and the sauces was tasty and thick. However, I would of liked it more spicy. It wasn't that spicy. I thought Gumbo and Pan Roast would be very spicy but maybe not.Overall, being the first experience, it was satisfying. I would try it again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	This place is classic.  The Cioppino is my favorite.  Consistently delicious!Also it is nice to see the food being made right in front of you, the Chef looks like a chemist at work!And, I like that you can choose how spicy you like it, from 1 - 10.   I've never been displeased eating here.The one downside, which is why I rank it 4 stars, is that the line / wait can be quite long.  It would be nice if they expanded this place.  I would probably eat here more often, if I knew I wouldn't have to wait for a while!  I rated it 4 stars instead of 5, for that reason.That said - if your in the mood for seafood and have the time, the wait is well worth it.  The food is awesome! :-)
5	My wife and I love the PALACE PAN ROAST!!!!!! Don't think and just go to this place. The wait may be long (anytime 24 hrs around) but it will be well well well worth it.
4	We would probablu never come to this place or Palace Station except for the reviews on Yelp.  What a great find!  Gumbo served in a huge bowl.  Chef gave us a taste of the Palace Pan Roast - will definitely order that next trip.  The Irish Pub around the corner is a great place to hang out, play video poker and watch the game, too.  Only 20 or so spots at the bar and must wait in line.  Try to get a seat away from the steamed clams pot though...
4	Oh my goodness, I don't think I can stop talking about this place. It is AMAZING. Food:They have a variety of different seafood options. Don't be a chump by getting their chowder, get the pan roast. Any option of the pan roast is amazing. They give you plenty of seafood, although the Asian in me thinks they could've given us one extra scoop of rice for free. The soup is absolutely amazing & flavorful. The seafood is incredibly fresh & everything about it just was so hearty. Talk about the perfect hangover cure. Portions are huge!!Prices:It's pretty expensive, but it's worth it! $20 for the combo pan roast that comes with a scoop of rice & bread.Service:Not too bad, can't really complain.Environment:Palace Station is such a sad little casino. There were more people at the Oyster Bar at 4 AM than in the entire casino floor. I hope they don't run out of business anytime soon, because this place is delicious.I didn't give it 5 stars only because watching them clean up the soup was disturbing & unsanitary...although I'm sure it's fine, it's just unappetizing to watch. Absolutely recommend this place. It's amazing.
5	Awesome oyster bar.  You do have to wait in line but so worth the hike off the strip.  This place is a classic with two people behind the bar making magic.  The oysters and clams are fantastic and the pan fried combo and gumbo the best west of orleans.  Manhattan chowder is freshly cooked in front of you and the best I have ever had.  If you get the chance you have to go here.  It is a hidden gem in Vegas.
5	I have been coming here since I've turned 21, and it's amazing! I order the pan roast combo and usually split it with my hunsband. (bummer that they started the $5 split fee) but still worth it! Order the crab cakes ( not on the menu) they are spectacular, all crab meat light breading with lemon butter sauce and capers topped with fried potato strings. I have eaten at this bar at least 25 times and always get the pan roast but finally decided to try the shrimp scampi because it always smelled so delicious however, I wasn't too impressed with the flavor. I'll def stick to the pan roast. I have been to sunset oyster bar, south point, and green valley ranch, none even compare to palace station. It's worth the wait and drive!
5	You read this and you think to yourself I might not be a fan of oysters. Well no worries neither am I . I'm scared to eat raw oysters after an uncle of mine passed away eating raw oysters from a different place. Anyway let me tell you, if you're in the area you definately want to check this place out. Small lil bar thats grinding out top notch food. Better than 90% restaurants in NV & CA. The seafood was fresh and chewy and delicious. I had the clam chowder and gumbo it was the BESTT i've ever had! I have to come here whenever I'm in Vegas, place is off the chain. Just know their is only 15 or so seats and you may have to wait some time. 1 chef and waitress but man it makes me salivate. =)
4	My first impression was, "Last meal before departing Vegas. We need something hearty that'll hit the spot."There are several Oyster Bars located in various hotels throughout Las Vegas, but the boyfriend and I decided to try our luck at the Harrah's location after playing on his lucky machine for the weekend. We sat down as a friendly chef approached us with the menu and brought us some flat breads. I couldn't stop munching on the sesame ones.We ordered the Bourbon Street Jambalaya with Shrimp. It was enough to split and very hearty. If you want one last filling meal before you leave Vegas, you need to try the jambalaya. The shrimp was seasoned well and the entire dish was the definition of rich and flavorful. The sauce was zesty and had andouille and tasso ham which made it even more flavorful.We met a nice old lady who sat next to us and she offered to share her fried oysters. They were crispy and juicy and I'd definitely get that when I go back. It seemed like she was a regular there, but when we were about to pay for our bill the chef told us that she took the tab. So sweet of her, and it made our trip that much more memorable. The best way to end my 21st birthday memorable!The lasting impression? "One of the most delicious ways to serve up seafood...spiced and fried!"
2	I consider my foray here to be a complete Yelp letdown.  I arrived at approximately 10 pm and still faced a 2 hour wait to be seated with approximately 10-15 people ahead of me in line.  The reason for the long waits is the limited bar seating.  There are approximately 16 seats and only 6 roasting pans so at any given time, half the bar is eating and half are waiting for the food with each turnover taking approximately 40 minutes.  Once seated, there is an additional 30 minute wait for food.  Math check: you've now invested 2.5 hours so it better be some mind-blowing food to overcome the interminable wait times.  Looking around the faces of my fellow diners, it was clear that Oyster Bar did not deliver.  We all looked sullen and grumpy - reasonable given it was past midnight and we were all starving. If you want faster sustenance, I recommend getting a bowl of clam chowder.  Even that took about 15 minutes to arrive.  It was nondescript in every way. I ordered the Palace Pan Roast, with Lobster Shrimp and Crab in a creamy tomato base.   The open cooking system, admittedly, is a decent show and I enjoyed watching the chef make our dishes.  There are steam pots and into them go, in this particular order and at designated times: 1) a pat of butter, 2) your seafood, 3) clam broth, 4) the tomato/cream soup, and 5) a scoop full of crab meat.  John's Gumbo was similar.  First the butter, then vegetables and seafood, clam broth, a dark roux, and a scoop of crab meat. The problem is that there is a haphazard timing system.  All the butter goes into all the pots at once.  Then, the chef comes back around for the seafood.  Once the broths and soups go in, he usually takes that opportunity to focus on shucking the bivalves.  It was a  new form of torture, watching your food bubble furiously away, while the chef man-handled a dozen oysters or prepare shrimp cocktail.  Literally, all you wanted to do was reach out and help yourself to the soup and instead the chef spent a quarter of an hour on each fruits de mer plate. The wait was certainly not worth it.  The Chef spent so much time on the shucking that I think our dishes over-reduced.   My pan roast was an inch lower in volume than the next item and I knew it was going to be salty.   You get a big soup bowl full of a creamy tomato soup, one scoop of rice, a few shrimps, and lots of crab pieces.  The proportions were so off.  I would have that much soup for a family of four and at least two scoops of rice apiece.  I don't know how anyone could have spooned so much salty soup without anything to soak it up.  John's Gumbo was similar except it tasted like liquified roux.  We also saw some unsanitary behavior going on.  The Chef washed the steam pots after emptying their stews into the bowls and left the bowls inches from the pots he was washing, certain to let dish water get into the food.  Not appetizing.
5	I returned last month with my girlfriend, one of the few destinations I just had to hit up before we left Las Vegas. This will be a quick updated review.I should mention that you have to be 21+ to dine at Oyster Bar. At first I was wondering why that was so, but then realized that they use alcohol in their dishes. Oooohhh. So bring ID, as they won't let you sit down without proof of age.I tried the Cioppino ($21.99) this time around, which according to wikipedia: "Cioppino is a fish stew originating in San Francisco. It is considered an Italian-American dish... is typically a combination of dungeness crab, clams, shrimp, scallops, squid, mussels and fish." Doesn't that sound good? Yes it was.As always, you tell the cook the scale of spiciness. I tried the 7, which is a good amount, especially as I'm consuming this massive bowl of deliciousness. I might be brave enough to try for an 8 next time. Maybe.If you've never signed up for a Station Casinos Boarding Pass Card, get the card (registration conveniently located next to the Oyster Bar) and use the points (that you get from signing up) to save you $5 off your meal. It'll only be good once, unless you plan on gambling at Palace Station or any of the Station casinos.Enjoy!
4	Chef and waiter are super nice. Got there at 12:30am on a Sunday evening. No wait. Ordered dozen clams, clam chowder and crab pan roast. Shared with my other half. Clam chowder delicious. Little neck clams were good. Kind of on the salty side though. Ordered pan roast with spicy rating 7. Enough spice to give it a kick. Overall a good meal. Will return to try the moonlight special next time.
4	Is it over rated??? Maybe just a bit but they do have the freshest Oysters!! Located inside Palace Station Casino. A bar that sits about 12-15 people. No one under 21 available. So if you have kids, make sure you send them to the room because along with your wait and time cooking and eating the food, you need minimum 1 1/2 to 2 hrs. Waiting in line was the worst part! Standing in that line and just walking over to the bar so often to see if people are done with their food yet. :-(I love their little bar section where you can over sea everything right in front of you! From cooking and cleaning, it's so entertaining! We ordered a dozen of the fresh oysters along with the clam chowder soup.  If I do comeback on a next visit, I'll either come super early or super late.. late meaning after 1am! Because we were still in that long line at 11pm! grrr.... But they are open 24hrs so take your pick of the time, but be wise about it.
5	who would of ever thought you could find an amazing oyster bar off the strip in an old ghetto-ish hotel??  I heard the wait is always extremely long, given there are only about 24 seats at the bar.  We were lucky to snag 3 seats and only waited about 20-30 minutes, however the wait was pretty horrible.  Someone had some terrible b.o. going on and we were all hung over from the night before. I will say that  fresh oysters, pan roast, and bouillabaisse are the perfect cure.  I love how you get to see the chef prepare all the food from the first step to the last, all the while your mouth is watering and hoping that he'd finally pour the steamy goodness into your bowl and bring it right over piping hot.  Both stews were filled with shrimp, clams, mussels, king crab legs, and white fish and the broth was delicious.   The pan handle broth is quite thick and creamy, so if you prefer something more soupy, I'd go for the bouillabaisse or the cioppino.   I'm pretty sure the Oyster Bar is the moneymaker for Palace Station...w h a t   i   d i g super awesome cookware appliances that allow for easy-pour-into-bowl. done datta!
5	Who would walk into Palace Station to eat? Not me, until I was introduced to Oyster Bar. How could it be that I've never been here?? Well, thanks to my friend, I've been enlightened.Oyster Bar is located in the Palace Station Hotel. They serve seafood based soups, oysters and a couple other things I haven't bothered to look at. There are only about 15 seats around the bar so the wait can be very long at peak times. Come off peak and save your stomach from eating itself while watching others enjoy their meal. I was only in Vegas two nights and we came here twice, it was THAT GOOD. I had the pan roast, jambalaya, shrimp scampi and gumbo. I would have to say I like the jambalaya the best, but would order it with the rice on the side. The pan roast is cream based which can be good and bad depending on your digestive system. Portions are HUGE, but it's nice to get different dishes to share. The gumbo comes second, the scampi third and the pan roast last. Not that the pan roast is bad in any way, but I don't care for cream based soups. Did I mention wine pours are very generous? To-the-rim! I even ordered a togo order to bring back to LA for my man, now that's LOVE!!Be kind to the waitress and cook here, they work very hard and are amazing at what they do. If you're in a rush, this isn't your place. It's well worth the wait.I care for places like this more than the fancy strip celebrity chef joints. The food sticks to my bones and I'm more than happy to pay. You won't leave disappointed or hungry. Would you mind delivering some to me please??!
4	Still great after all these years! Now even better that they are open 24/7. Menu has not changed a lot, but there was no need.The Pan Roast is still my favorite, but you can't find fresher oyster in the desert than here!The cook and the waitress are always friendly, so tip them well, they work non-stop!
5	When my friend told me about this place I was like who would ever go to this hotel except OJ Simpson trying to rob some people for some sports memorabilia?  He was so persistent that I just had to try their Oysters and their soup.  I reluctantly said ok. When we got there I was surprised to see a line of people to sit down.  There was around 10 or 12 people in line.  He said forget it and lets come back a little later as that is about a two hour wait.  I didn't believe him but we went and did our thing and came back later.  There was about 4 people in line and we had to wait around 20 minutes to be seated.  We ordered a dozen oysters.  Let me tell you...  Those were one of the most freshest oysters I have ever eaten.  Dang did they go down smoothly and the sauce was great!  Ordered the Palace Pan Roast.  We had to wait around 40 minutes to get it.  Let me tell you this.  If you like seafood based soups, your mouth will be in for a treat!  It takes a long time because they let the soup reduce into a rich and creamy explosion in your mouth that you can't stop eating.  One thing though... they ask you how spicy you want it.  I ordered a seven out of ten and I was sweating bullets.  Next time I went (yes I have been going here every time I go to Las Vegas which is once or twice a year for the past 4 years) I did a 5 and it was still a little on the spicy side but was more manageable. Only draw back is if you have no patience, you shouldn't eat here as you will have to wait in line and wait for your food.  Although it is truly worth every single minute.   By the way they are open 24 hours a day so you might be better off going later if you can to avoid the lines.
4	I waited in line here with my coworker for an hour, to be behind 3-4 parties ahead of us. During that one hour, only 1 party was seated. This line would not budge, so we left. :*(But, that stirred up my curiosity and decided to come at an off-time (they're open 24 hours) after some Vegas debauchery. Ordered the combo (crab, lobster, shrimp) pan roast with level 7 spiciness (levels 1-10), which was a pretty mild spicy. I was intrigued by the old fashion boilers in front http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/awI4hHMfa7H0Xf0-ChU5hg?select=i6GMotN-jpqlLc9gpmjgEw, as I saw the chef start off by cooking the fresh seafood medley in the boiler, then added the cajun seasoning, the broth, and finally kept adding the cream sauce base/roux. The pan roast had strong flavor, where I think adding extra rice or noodles ($1.99) is essential. I actually think this soup would make a really delicious pasta sauce. And then there were juicy and generous clumps of seafood, very yum. Service was attentive (you're sitting right in front of them) and the chef kept asking when would be the next time he'll be seeing me, and I assured him for breakfast, lunch, and dinner everyday. (I wish)I definitely will be back to try the infamous gumbo, clam chowder, and (new york) oysters/shooters.
5	I usually don't write reviews.... But when I do it's only for the best places. This is one of those places. Seafood lovers can rejoice when they taste the combo pan roast. The clam chowder is only matched by the chowder found on pier 39 in SF.  The meal I shared with my gf was as follows: 1/2 dozen oysters(Fresh and big), 3 bloody Mary oyster shooters, bowl of clam chowder(order the bowl it's 3 times the size of a cup), combo roast(lobster, crab, & shrimp and they loaded it up!), linguini & clams(plenty of clams and cooked just right). For the two entries the level 7 spiciness was just right if you like a little kick. Service was great, and I heard the wait can suck(we lucked out today)
3	Oyster Bar.  Wow, this one is a hard one to rate.  Let me tell you why. Food here is pretty damn good, I must say.  I had their Combo Gumbo, and what's there not to like?  Fresh ingredients, savory, and it's cooked to order right in front of you (BTW, ours was prepared by JJ--awesome Chef).  I'd pass on the Jambalaya.  Way too tomato-based for my liking.  If you're not looking for something very acidic this is definitely not for you.  The oysters were decent. Here's where it gets tricky: You're going to end up waiting for a long time.  And it's not a typical wait.  No, it's the annoying, "I get to see everyone eat, and there are open seats in between them, and why the F*CK can't I sit there???" kind of wait.  Fine, you're patient, you say?  Well I hope you like the waitress, Delores.  Nice girl and all, but I cannot stand her dry, dry humor.  Seriously, people wait an average of over an hour, the last thing you want to do is joke and say you won't give them their food, "sorry, we sold out," or saying, "oh, he wants the check, I'm just going to ignore them".  (Yes, she seriously says that stuff out loud and ignores you).  Stand-Up Comedian, you are not, Delores.  And some of your audience with hungry stomachs do not appreciate it. I absolutely loves the Chefs and their food, but Delores' service alone makes me not want to come back.
5	This review that I am writing is fresher than fresh. I have just endured a vegas weekend complete with drinking, clubbing, eating, and more eating. With that said, my highlight of the trip was visiting the Oyster Bar. The palace station casino is a bit away from the strip and isn't anything special, but the oyster bar was something.We waited in line for about 20 minutes and then go to sit down. There are probably 15 seats at a time so the wait can be very long at times. I ordered the pan roast combo and damn, it was made in front of my eyes and made me feel so good inside.I never knew that a bowl of this could be so filling and so damn delicious. Bob, the chef at the time, was freaking funny as heck. He's very nice and engaging and I found out that he is Billy Cundiff's cousin (the same kicker for the baltimore ravens who just missed against the patriots today). We were eating and watching the game with Bob as he was fixing up some good mealsFor about 20 dollars, I think this was by far the best meal I have eaten during this vegas trip. The sauce is just right, the oysters are good, and everything is just bomb.5 stars!Whenever you are in vegas, please hit this place up. There is nothing better to cure your hangover than some of this pan roast.
5	There's nothing like having a dozen oysters and clam chowder at 3 a.m., whether you're up or down. Don't be deceived by the state of the casino, oyster bar is for real.
3	Passed by for years.  Read all the hype.  So I finally went.  Line didn't LOOK too bad.  Yeah, so an hour and 15 minutes later I got seated.  Just myself by the way.Ordered 1/2 dozen oysters, House Gumbo and a small Kirin draft.The Oysters:  Fresh oysters w/ horseradish and cocktail sauce. Good.The Gumbo:  Huge serving.  Fresh seafood.  Big flavors though kinda salty.  But delicious nonetheless.With tax and tip:  $47.16Kind of pricey me thinks.Also, while waiting, I guess the stock pot in the middle (that gets ladled into all the bowls) ran low so the cook pulls a container from below the counter and spoons in some powdered stock and fills in the water.Call me picky but for that price, shouldn't there be a big pot in the back stewing bones and other bits and pieces to create the stock?Might be back but when I think of the incredible meal opportunities in Vegas (repeats, "too be tried" places, as well as other "Oyster Bars" doing the same thing), then factoring in the wait and the price....Not so sure.Also also, In their defense, the patrons in front and back of me in line for 1.25 hours were repeat locals.
4	When you go here. Make sure you have your ID. No one under the age of 21 is permitted. This is a hot spot. I try to make this a definite stop when I come to Vegas. It's fun to watch them cook your food. I'd give this 5 stars, but I've been here a handful of times where I wasn't super impressed with the service or food. I'd give this 4.5 stars if I could. Try it out. It's worth the wait.
5	Pan roast combo #10 is all I need to say.  That being said, the wait and wait staff can be painful to deal with but the food is a must try for everyone that comes to Vegas. Everything is cooked in font of you and everyone is pretty social at the bar.  If I were to do it again I would make sure to get a beer or two for the wait. Patience is a needed while waiting.
5	Have you ever dined in the middle of a casino?Have you ever had seafood in the middle of a casino?If you haven't... Try!!! It is de-li-ci-o-so enough to endure waiting in long line to be seated at a less than 20 person-seats by a seafood bar, at a casino off the strip, surrounded by gamblers nearby . . .Not sounding attractive?So I thought too, when my parents first took us here years ago-But it's definitely worth it!!!Because this place is not only unique but their food taste unbelievable!!! (as you can see from amazing Yelp reviews)Honestly, it was always good; no doubt about thatBut this time around, it was extra special, extra yummy! . . . so good that we almost went back for seconds before we ended our trip (which doesn't happen often because i am not too big on repeating restaurants)So! as written on the website, "authentic and delicious flavors described as a "cross between san francisco & new orleans" the las vegas oyster bar at palace station features live-action cooking and may just be the best kept secret in town...but not for longorder up little neck clams steamed to perfection or mussels from the deep blue seatry a bowl of new england clam chowder or cioppino, or get a gumbo, pasta dish or the best oysters in las vegas right while siting at the barthe freshest oyster bar in las vegas is first come, first serve, and always worth the wait"We started out with some fresh appetizer, which they crack open on the spotthe whole procedure is pretty interesting to watch & it was funny when they told us "it took us much longer to open few oysters than for you guys to finish eating!"As you can tell from their name oyster bar, their oysters are SUPER fresh, SUPER tasty (even my sister who's not too fond of seafood approves)But if you are not too big on oysters like me (although theirs is definite must), try their fresh clams on the shell because ohhhhhh boy, these were delish!Their main entrees are cooked individually in their special-looking pot by "steam"the chef individually prepares all the dishes so to be honest, your dish pretty much depends on which chef prepares it!According to my parents who come here at least twice a year, our chef that night came back after leaving due to sickness, so we were in for a treat! and surely . . .some amazing food we had coming that night :D The dish we always order, the bouillabaisse, which is classic french stew with onions, celery, shrimp, crab, lobster, cod, mussels and clams where you can adjust the "heat" leavel . . .I get about 4~5 (regular) & it's perfect for me & as you can see from photos I posted,  you get BIG chunks of seafood in your stew which you can enjoy with the side of rice that comes with the stew.Their seafood jambalaya is also EXCELLENT!!!Made with shrimp, crab, lobster, andouille sausage, mussels & clams is similar to my parents' favorite bouillabaisse , but it had more flavors . . .yumm!!!Honestly, i  personally prefer not too many people knowing about this spot,so that I don't have to wait as long when i am there (as the line is already too long) but i decided to share it with you all, so hope you enjoy next time you are in las vegas!I am actually tempted to drive 4hrs+ to las vegas because i am craving this! *wink*
5	Every year MINI Cooper clubs, from around the country, hold an annual MINI meet called AMVIV at the Palace Station.  My wife and I have gone for the last 6 years.  Every time we're there we have stopped by the Oyster Bar for the oysters and beer.  Last week we stopped by and decided to try their "Pan Roasts".  What a treat.  These are fantastic.  Lots of seafood and the flavor is really really really good.We enjoyed it so much we went back the following day and tried the Gumbo.  WOW!  Bob makes the best Gumbo I've had in a looong time. It's been a week and I still can't stop thinking about the Gumbo.  Trying to find another reason to go back to Vegas just so I can get more Gumbo.
4	Combo Pan Roast. Get it. The leftovers the next morning tasted even better.The line and chowder were not too bad.
2	This place was kind of weird.On our trip to Vegas, my boyfriend and I decided that we are obsessed with oysters. We saw the sign for an oyster bar and walked in.I reallllly wanted a glass of Prosecco or Champagne. They listed about 5 different kinds. When I ordered what I wanted, our waiter said, "No, no, I give your something else". So he brought me a tasting of some REALLY sweet, cheap tasting sparkling crap. I told him that I wasn't interested in something sweet, but he seemed to not understand. I ended up ordering a beer, and feeling incredibly awkward.We ordered the dozen oysters, and the fried calamari. The oysters were ok, not great. We had better ones at Bouchon and Craftsteak. The calamari was atrocious. It was doughy, as though the breading didn't fry. It was inedible. Since we were having such issues communicating with our waiter, we just left it and tried to get out of there as soon as possible.We will not be back.
5	I love, love, love this place! The restaurant is located in the old Palace Station. The name said it all for this place. It's just a bar with about 10 seats. I've read a lot of reviews that said the wait was long. Luckily for my boyfriend and I, we did not have to wait and were seated right away. The restaurant is very casual and the service is casual as well. I don't mind it since the food was extremely delicious. We ordered a dozen oysters and the Pan Roast. The oyster were really fresh and the dipping sauce was delicious too. The Pan Roast, on the other hand, was so delicious. It was one of the highlight point of the entire trip there. Writing this review makes me feel hungry for the Pan Roast. It's that good! I will definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	We came here after a fulfilling Vegas trip with 10 people. hahahah we were thinking it was going to be a restaurant. Nope! it was a literal bar. My girlfriend and I really wanted oysters so we waited. The rest of our friends went to eat pho. Man did they miss out.We waited about 15 min and were seated. We saw soups being made and cooked right in front of us. They looked tasty. When we are asked how spicy we wanted our soup from a 1 to 10 my girlfriend said 8! The chef then said, " Are you suurrre!". I'm glad he stopped us. We ended up getting a 6 and it was still nice and spicy.Of course we got our oysters which were very fresh and clean. It is kind of pricey but you have to take into account they are in the middle of the desert selling seafood. lol This was a cool hidden place and a must try if you are a foodie in Vegas.
5	Damnnn...When they say SPICY, they really mean it! So beware, or you'll leave swollen, sweaty, and sorry.The soup is amazingly flavorful with all those little shellfish looking oh soooo damn good. The oysters are refreshing, slimy, and sexy. Go here! Seing that there's only like 15 seats at the bar, avoid lunch/dinner crowds cause you will be waiting.  Maybe the best time to come is early am, after the club, when your trying to sober up from a weekend of debauchery. =x
1	Ive been coming here for a few years And always enjoyed the food. Lately they seem to be a little arrogant with actions such as a five dollar share fee and also how they take their sweet time cleaning spots even though they can see people have been waiting over and hour to sit down. I took two korean business partners there this weekthat were here for business. We waited an hour and a half at 7 pm on a thursday night. They were getting antsy but i kept telling them it was worth the wait. Upon sitting down one of the giys ordered three ouster shooters. As he drank his first one he pulled a three quarter inch piece of jagged glass out of his mouth. We reported it and the waitress confirmed there was some broken glass in by the glasses. The waitress very curtly said "are you ok? We can call an ambulance and have you checked bu a paramedic, thats what we are offering you" It just seemed very insensitive. They comped only his meal and we had to waste a bunch of time with security filling out a report.  All in all i was very embarrased by the experience and will never go bck, despite the fact that i love the pan roast.
4	Oyster Bar was the first stop of our most recent Vegas trip. I have heard so many good things about it, but this was our first time trying it out.Parking -- Parking is easy. It is located inside the Palace Station Casino, so there was plenty of parking!Service -- The service is great! Everyone the works there is super friendly and attentive. The servers are literally right in front of you so its easy to get their attention when you need something.Atmosphere -- This is a small restaurant. It is literally a bar with about 12 seats in the casino. They cook your order right in front of you, so you get to talk to the chef and servers while you watch them prepare your food. The wait can be quite long because of the limited seating. My party of 4 waited about 30 minutes to get seated. However, I  imagine at rush hour the wait can be really long. Definitely not for large parties.Food -- The food is delicious. Especially if you love seafood. The thing to get is the Pan Roast. It is probably the most popular thing to eat. However since my 3 other friends got the Pan Roast I ordered the Alaskan chowder (clams, cod, and crab) served Manhattan Style (You can also get New England). I was also able to try the Pan Roast from one of my friends. Both dishes were great. Both were generously filled with seafood. The Pan Roast had a nice creamy broth and a spicy kick. I loved it! I imagine this would be great food too eat following a night or drinking. Oyster Bar is delicious. It was so good that some of my friends returned for a second meal the next day (I ended up at Cut), but I definitely considered coming back as well. Vegas just has too many good places to eat! I'll definitely be back at Oyster Bar on my next trip!
5	Just as good as everyone says it is!  The only downside is the wait!  There are maybe... 12-16 seats only, bar seating only.  So you can imagine the waits.  We waited about 30 minutes for 4 people, but they mentioned at night it gets super crazy.  Probably all the drunks hungry people come in.The server we had was really nice and was working her ass off and did her very best to refill our drinks.I got the pan roast like everyone recommends, and it did not disappoint.  Large chunks of seafood inside.  Its like a cajun safood bisque if I had to call it something and they include a scoop of rice.  I heard they charge you more for extra rice, some of my other friends went and got a bunch of scoops for free.The 1 plate alone of pan roast is very filling and they ask you the spice level on a 1-10 scale.  I got a 2 since i'm weak sauce but my friends got 5.  They are convinced they were all the same spice level since the guy makes the food in front of you and it look like he used the same amt in all of our dishes.  I think they all tasted very similar as well.There are also oysters there which I did not try, but looked good.  Seems the pan roast was by far more popular than getting oysters on the half shell. Loved the food, will make this a new must go to place every time I go to vegas!
5	This is a hidden gem in Las Vegas. The bar is right in the middle of the casino at Palace Station. I was expecting an actual restaurant, not a bar with 20 chairs. There was a long line to wait to sit down so I figured it was definitely worth the wait. Luckily, I was with other people so I played Roulette while we waited to be seated. Once seated, they take your orders very calmly. They do not rush you considering there is a line of people waiting to eat. The food is cooked in steam pots instead of a gas burner.  I ordered the oyster bloody mary shooters and the Pan roast at level 7 hot.. This place is soo good I would recommend it to anyone...
5	I haven't been involved with drugs or anything like that but if this is the feeling of addiction, then this place must be my crack.I have lived in Vegas for 7 years now and didn't understand the interest for this place and finally tried it about 3 months ago. I have been to all the buffets on the Strip ( I mean EVERY) and most restaurants that offer good food. My oh my, I have been hooked since going here and forgot all about the other places I usually go to. I tried to go now weekly around midnight ( that's right, no lines, hehe) if I can and already ordered almost everything on the menu. All time fave must be the Combo Pan Roast and Seafood Jambalaya. The Pan Roast has that creamy and very tasty soup and with the seafood that's mixed in it, it literally feels like food heaven. Seafood Jambalaya is presented well and is a winner itself. You can never go wrong with anything that you'll order. Since it's an 18-seater bar, be ready to wait during regular business hours. If you rate this place other than 4 or 5 stars, there must be something wrong with your taste buds or expectations.
4	Craving some delicious seafood soup after a long night of partying/gambling/sinning while in vegas? Oyster bar is the place to go! The Pan Roast Combo is a lovely and happy mix of lobster, shrimp, and shrimp in a lobster bisque type of soup. Also recommend the Alaskan Chowder which is the same mix of seafood goodness but done up clam chowder style. Both soups are very rich and flavorful. Both soups are very filling so be prepared for left overs. You'll be transformed (via stomach) from hungry-hungover to happy-ready-for-bed! Why only 4 stars then if its so good? The wait. Unfortunately, there are only about 15 or so seats and there are only 6 stations for them to cook at so you may be waiting in line for 2 hours before you can eat. Avoid coming at noon or dinner time if you want to avoid the line. Good friendly service. Definitely a gem in the dirt of an old beat up hotel I wouldn't step in to for any other reason. Its a must stop when I'm in town. So to answer that crazy question you encounter every once in awhile in vegas, "What would drive a man to leave the comfort of his on the strip mega hotel at 5am and go to an old crappy looking beat up hotel on the outskirts of the main crawl?"Oyster Bar my silly friend. Oyster bar.
4	Great place for oysters.The Pan Roast was really good - it's a bisque soup with lobster, shrimp and stuff.  It comes with a scoop of rice.  You can ask for it to be spicy for those that can handle the heat.There is limited seating, like less than 20 seats, so if you hate waiting in lines it is best to come at off times.Somewhat pricy, but you are getting seafood.This place is perpendicular to the craps tables.
5	We love this restaurant which is inside the Palace Station Casino. There are long waits, so try to go at a non-mealtime. We ate there on March 11, 2012 and now they are open 24/7! They were very accommodating with seating our group of 7.
5	I finally had the chance to try this oyster bar and it was AMAZING.. 5 stars amazing!!located at the Palace Station (about a $10 cab ride from the hotels on the strip) We went on a Tuesday around 4pm so there was no line (the workers said the line is usually really long)half dozen oysters ($12) - 5 stars. came with cocktail sauce and horseradish. must get!cup of clam chowder ($5) - 4 1/2 stars. really tasty and the clams were fresh.Pan roast with crab, shrimp and lobster ($20) - 5 stars. MUST GET. comes with rice but my boyfriend asked if we could get half noodles half rice. - I prefer the rice with it more but it was nice to taste both and he didnt charge usMy boyfriend and I split all of these items and left full. This place is by far one of my favorite places to eat in las vegas.
4	Delicious if you can stand a ghetto casino.Pros:-Pan roast is amazing. This is a MUST get.-Pan roast is cooked in front of you in a pressure cooker-If you choose the large beer option, you get it in a humongous souvenir cup. Cheesy, but I dig it.Cons:-LONG wait if you come during prime times: lunch, dinner, post club.-Cigarette smoke from casino is prevalent, it is an open bar-Because of the cream in the pan roast, can be too rich after a while-Oysters were fresh but not tasty. Gritty.Verdict:-Get the pan roast only. It's also safe for work lunch, my boss loves this place.
4	I am a regular at this Place.... My favorite chef is JJ,, makes a great bowl of gumbo, very personable as is the rest of the staff.... Hands down the best Oyster Bar I have been to in Las Vegas...   Get there early, cause it usually is full... I definitely recommend this place for a nice hearty meal, fairly priced.
5	I've been to Oyster Bar for many years now. Everytime we are in Vegas, this is a must go. Although the line is really long, it's worth the wait. My favorites: Bouillabaisse and Gumbo =)
3	Good Food, not great or bad, just ok. went there around 3 am, only two ppl working there, waited for food about 15-20 mins. Shrimp with spaghetti and raw oyster. Pretty good quality, nothing amazing. I really wanted to try the rockfellers, but oh well. myabe next time
5	Service: that lady and the chef is amazingFood: Pan Roast (combo), so yummy that I need to eat 2 bowls of rice (usually I eat 1/2 bowl).Wait: 1.5 hour for Friday night and 45 mins for Sunday night, better go there before 5:30pm to avoid crowd, you will still have to wait but the queue will be shorter.**I went there twice in my 3 day trip, as the food is SO GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Probably the best hidden gem I've encountered! The wait was long but well worth it. Had oysters, pan roast gumbo and draft beer with friends. Everybody loved it even the drunk gamblers that eat there. I will always recommend this place to people I know.
4	Sorry had to drop it down to 4 stars.  Since Sergio became a man of the law, and JJ hasn't been around, they hired a new guy John.  And I'm sorry to say it hasn't been a change for the better.One day, I came in, ordered the usual with a "5" for spiciness.  It was not spicy at all.  Thinking that was his style, I came back and ordered a "6" for spiciness.  This time it was way too spicy. One bite and I couldn't eat anymore.  I nearly got a nosebleed from how spicy it was.  He looked over at me and asked how the food is.  I said wow it's too spicy I can't eat anymore.  He responded jokingly "it happens. Don't order a 6 next time!"  I know it was a lighthearted joke, but it pissed me off. He didn't know I am a regular and that I was just there 2 days prior.  Not only is he so inconsistent, but he is painstakingly slow.  I often come in and the line is always at least 15-20 people deep, if not more.  Sergio could clear out a line in less than an hour.  But with John, good luck!  Our group decided to split the waiting shifts.  I left to gamgle, and lost everything I had in my wallet.  Then while it was my turn to wait, I got about 3/4 through 'The Presentation Secrets of Steve Jobs: How to Be Insanely Great in Front of Any Audience' on my iPhone kindle.It was a long waste of our vacation time and I lost all my money gambling, all for lousy food. There was just nothing good about my recent experiences there, other than the fact that my public speaking has improved.John is weak.  So weak that I can squish him between my fingers and fling him away like a piece of gum wrapper.
5	The Pan Roasts are why we stay here. The Gumbo is delish too. I 've almost tried the menu & I enjoyed everything i tried.The chef was the same guy as last time, He's tall, black and wears glasses-he's friendly and helpful and can straight out cook his rear off when its busy.**If you like or love seafood DO NOT IGNORE THIS-Try it out you will return for moreI highly recommend eating here. They serve a huge glass of beer and their bloodMarys are very good and spicy too.
4	Once past the creepy people and the smell of smoke you get to Oyster Bar. The food though is very good the wait sometimes can be a pain though
5	Situated in a very random hotel off the strip is this gem of Cajun deliciousness!  The pan roasts are amazing (it's rice with seafood in an amazing thick creamy sauce... I can't even begin to describe it...).  The service is friendly and they serve it right when it's ready (you sit at a bar with about 20 seats and they make it in front of you so it's still hot).  I went here twice in 2 days (no joke, it's that good), but the second time, my boyfriend and I had to wait about 45 minutes due to the limited capacity.  Although it's open 24 hours, it seems to always be crowded!
5	Thank you Yelpers for helping find this hidden food utopia! I got there around 5:30 on a Sunday evening, just me so I didn't have to wait. Ordered the combo Pan Roast with no spice and it was fantastic! The perfect meal for a weary traveler and I have about 3 days worth of leftovers. Very reasonably priced. Highly recommend for a casual dinner. I wouldn't recommend coming with a group though. It literally is a bar with about 20 seats and it's first come first serve.
5	YUMMY.  We all made a trip out to Palace Station for the $5 pai gow tables and the Oyster Bar!So the wait was about 10 minutes, but that's because we came at a decent time and there were 7 of us.  We ordered a dozen oysters, fresh and pungent horseradish!  Oyster shooters was amazing in their bloody marys. And the gumbo, wow you get to see it made in front of you!! It takes a while for it to make but it's worth while and amazing.  One of the best gumbo's I've had!  The shrimp wasn't overcooked, the rice on the side was delicious.  The only thing about the entrees were that they were HUGE! So I recommend sharing!  I shared it with two other people.  The Etoufee was really good too, the seafood in it wasn't overcooked, highly recommended.  Everything was amazing here, I wish they had a place like this in NY!! And amazing service, they were happy to pose for us too and we got their email addresses to send them the photos lol.
4	the oyster bar is is very good, the gumbo and pasta they make is awesome. there is usually wait because there are only like 15 seats and you must sit at the bar. children are now allowed because it is a bar. they service is good considering they time i went there were only 2 people working, a cook and a cashier that also help bring out food and clean up. must go if your in vegas.
4	4.5 stars...just cuz waiting an hour at 1am after a long day of driving from LA, buzzing it and tired doesn't help. It also took a total of almost 3 hours from the time we waited in line till we finished our meals and paid. We all have to say it was well worth the wait only if my buddies and I didn't have to wake up at 630am for a tee time at the TPC the next morning. The food was great! Good to kill the hunger, good enough to absorb up all the alcohol and good enough for a hefty late night meal/early morning meal at 3am! We were able to try the New England Chowdah and 3 orders of the Pan Roast. It took the chef a little longer just because each Pan Roast took a long time to cook up. There were only 6 steamer also.Don't pass up the Oyster Bar. Be patient cuz you'll be waiting at least an hour and enjoy your Pan Roast or Gumbo. I'll be back the next time i'm in Vegas. OPEN 24 HOURS.
5	OMG!!! No matter what people! You have to come here every time you visit Las Vegas! Yes, it might be located at Palace Station, but do not judge where the location is, the food here is mouth watering! Open 24/7! Can't go wrong with that! Seating is very LIMITED! The line and wait time can be pretty crazy, but if you are really a huge fan of tasting new places this is the place to go! What I ordered was the lobster pan roast with pasta and lobster gumbo with rice. The lobster was FRESH and thick! The pan roast was like tasting tomato soup with a kick in it! WARNING: There is cream in the pan roast for the lactose people...(I asked for a 7 for spice level, but the cook told me to go a little under so I went with 6. I am thankful that I did that! Lol! Drank like 4 glasses of water and tried to eat bread to balance it out!) The gumbo was light and delightful! You can't go wrong with these two!The service here is wonderful! Five stars! If they had ten stars, I would definitely give it to them! The cook that we had was named Bob and the server was named Delora. The cook was very sweet and friendly! He liked to joke around and made everyone feel welcomed and at home! The server was great! I asked for more bread and she gave me like five of them instead of one and we were just joking around the whole time! I felt like we known these people for a long time, even though, it was my first time trying it!I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO EVERYONE! =)P.S. The sister chain, which is located in Chino Hills, The Broiler, is by far an imitation of this place! Since The Oyster Bar is the original location! Also, I think this place is only 21 years and older, because they cook with alcohol. =/
4	I've been coming here for years. I usually will start with a half order of oysters and they are always so good. The cesar salad with shrimp is perfect. The house pan roast is my favorite, I like it spice so I get a 6 since they ask you to rate the spicyness on a level of 1-10. The only thing I wish they still had was the lavage, because it goes so well with the roast. Now they just give you a plain roll. The only other station casino that has lavage is the oyster bar at sunset station which is my second favorite oyster bar in town. It's probably best to go late at night at night which I usually do, since there most likely will be a line. The smell will keep you waiting as long as it takes though. They're also open 24hrs which is a big plus.
5	Its really good, I was doubtful because of its location and because there are so many choices in Las Vegas and wow, this place is amazing.  I know the line is long but its definitely worth the 1 hour-ish wait.  After our first try, we came here three night in a row to have more of the amazing food.This is definitely nothing fancy as Guy Savoy, but it is definitely authentic Southern style seafood.  I love this type of no frill food joint.  Just good food without the expensive tag.  During our visits, I tried most of the items on the menu.First off, you get to pick level 1 to 10 for your food's spicyness.  I go for 1 or 0 simply because I dont' like spicy food.The dinner roll is complimentary, and it is the standard sourdough roll, served warm with butter.Their Clam Chowder is actually not that good, too powdery taste. I don't know why others liked it, I didn't.  Not enough clam in it too.  I like Boudin's Clam Chowder better when compare to similiar level.Their Bouillabaisse is good, you can choose between rice or noodle, it is tomato based soup with all of the seafoods (Lobster, Crab, Shrimp, Clams, Mussels, Fish..etc), which is their #2 signature item.#1 most popular item is their combo roast.  It is thicker in terms of broth, but it goes really well with rice.  You get to pick your favorite toppings but combo roast comes with shrimp, crab, and lobster, which is better in my opinion than the Palace Roast (with chicken).  Its little bit spicy for me but the bold taste of the seafood is one of the best I had for years.My personal favorite goes to the Shrimp Scampi with Pasta.  Its the clam soup with melted butter and loads of tiger shrimp.  Its so heavenly.  I would order extra noodle next time when I go to satisfy my crave.Tip: There's no tip as in when the lines will be shorter, its really your luck but the chef really matters alot.  Even the materials/ingredients are all the same, but chef really made the difference.  During our 3 visits, this fat chef whose always happy did the best job.  His shrimp scampi is out of this world yet another chef always seems piss at something...did a very sloppy job, my scampi was dry and soup-less.  Good luck waiting and don't lose too much money on slots while waiting in line!
5	I didn't want to yelp about this spot as I always called it my families little secret. But with the line and obivously the huge amount of reviews, it is no secret.  This is a stop EVERYTIME I am in Vegas. Food is just amazing. Yeah yeah, Palace Station. I thought that the first time too. But this place is crazy delicious. Half dozen oysters for me with splitting something and that fills me up. I know I have had the gumbo, jumbalya, etoufee and I want to say I tried something else the last time I was in town but cant remember what it was. However I know my girlfriend looked at me with a food smile I have never seen.  She loved it! Make it a stop everytime you are in Vegas. Just hope your luck is used on the tables and not showing up here when there is no line.
3	We made it finally!  Waited for about an hour which was understandable due to the high volume of people and servers slow to bus seats.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/awI4hHMfa7H0Xf0-ChU5hg?select=e4aS4UGEyTreqJ6XbbfVxA#VEWUm4gsL2vxexjn1RRvHQWe immediately order the Crab Cakes after hearing another patron complimenting them; I have to say they were delicious! Fresh Crab Cake in a bitter sauce diminished our hunger and made us forget about the long wait.  Definitely a must order if you visit this Oyster Bar.  If you don't like bitter tasting sauce, I would suggest ordering the Crab Cakes without sauce. I thought the sauce complimented them very well and enjoyed every bite. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/awI4hHMfa7H0Xf0-ChU5hg?select=e4aS4UGEyTreqJ6XbbfVxA#PlW9Yo2sSLw3o-AWxhrM0gOur other two items Oysters and Gumbo which are a "no brainer" for my wife and I since it's what we order every visit.  Now, we've been here about three or four times but haven't visited in a couple years.  First up, a Dozen Oysters.  Oysters were very fresh and well chilled and went perfectly with the condiments provided.  Our only big complaint was the oysters were pretty tiny.  You probably can't tell by looking at the picture, but the meat just wasn't there and it's not something you can really complain about.  So pretty disappointed with the Oysters.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/awI4hHMfa7H0Xf0-ChU5hg?select=e4aS4UGEyTreqJ6XbbfVxA#GlpImK1DGy5sU5iZNjVOoA Next up, House Special Gumbo which comes with lobster, shrimp, sausage and crab.  Spicy level 7 (out of 10).  Gumbo was pretty tasty, fish was delicious as was the sausage.  However, my wife and I noticed that previous visits in the past they used to give us whole pieces of cut sausage.  Now, they cut the sausage into four 1/4 pieces giving you less sausage.  Not a huge deal but it could make one wonder what other ingredients (seafood) they dialed back in your gumbo. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/awI4hHMfa7H0Xf0-ChU5hg?select=e4aS4UGEyTreqJ6XbbfVxA#e4aS4UGEyTreqJ6XbbfVxAIn the past I would give this place 4-5 stars easily but due to my dishes coming up a little short with a hefty price tag gives it only a satisfactory.  Which is a shame because my wife and I would talk about this oyster bar every visit to sin city.  Now we have a "eh" attitude and will probably look for a different oyster bar to try.
5	This is the BEST cajan Seafood place in LV!BUT do not order alcohol here. You can bring your beverages.
5	As if I needed another reason to come here and enjoy some good soup. The scenery here at times can be sketchy at best and that's not due to alcohol and whatever else floats your inner-child's balloon. I love a good show before dinner to make the experience of dining with your gal even better. Especially when the "show" comes free of charge;) Not that I'm a cheapskate, but more money in my pocket equals more fun.  Anyhow, I saw an elderly man in a mobile-chair at the ticket redemption booth next to the service counter as I waited in the perennial looong line here. I don't know what it is about elderly people that always draws my attention to them. It never fails! So the gentleman who finishes his transaction, proceeds to reverse and smash into a heavy file cabinet some 25 feet away. That was enough room to fit two OLDS-mobiles (pardon the pun) side by side. Initially holding my breath because I thought maybe he was hurt? Negative. Old man hits drive! Still processing what I just seen, I was starting to see the humor in it. I never expected what happened next. One of the attendants at the service desk was LHAO!! And not only that but she was doing it in front of him as he stopped in front of her. I thought that was very odd considering she was talking to him and laughing at him at the same time. So she made me laugh! The conversation between them seemed as though they knew each other very well. With tears of utter joy, I proceeded to tell her that was the funniest thing I saw but that I felt bad for him. Sort of. As she gave me a high-five in accordance of the situation; all the while she was still "moved". She explained to me that he always does that. The day before he knocked a trash can over that was also very avoidable. And another cabinet on the other side as well. Let's just say he's come into more "contact" with things/people in this casino than any manager/PR person working here. Truly the best free show I've seen in this casino PERIOD! Did I mention the elderly man has also been "pulled-over" in here for speeding a few times. Priceless. Well thank you to the attendant for filling me in on Mr. Andretti and his antics here at the Palace Station, Peace!!
5	Seafood combo pan roast is a must!!  Spicier the better too!
5	SO bomb!  Combo Pan Roast FTW!!  Went here at like 3 AM after a whole day of partying, taking a nap, and not eating in between.  It was like a gift from the Gods to soothe my empty stomach.  The cook was really friendly, too.  Who would've thought Palace Station had it like that?  Boomshakala!
5	MUST TRY: Combo Roast (cream of tomato w/brandy, crab, shrimp, and lobster) $20 generous portionThe dish is served with a scoop of rice, but I recommend getting a side of pasta because it tastes so much better! The wait can be long and tedious because the bar only has about 15 chairs and those waiting are simply standing in line with nowhere to sit.  The food here was one of the highlights of my trip and I still have cravings for it but Vegas is 4 hours from me so I looked up a local restaurant that serves similar food and found The Boiler in Chino Hills. It'll do for now!For an oyster bar, their oysters were not that good =/ very small like clams and it was not the tastiest, just regular.
5	I've been coming here before Yelp was even popular. Their combo pan roast and cioppino is amazing! Both are about $20 and a huge portion. The Oysters are super fresh and very clean tasting. Raw clams are good as well, but I prefer Oysters over them.This place gets super packed and the wait time can be very long. They have seating for about 12-16 People only! So try not to come here during peak hours. (Open 24/7) Seriously though my go to place when I'm at Vegas for the WSOP.
4	Food: *****5*****  Service: **2**Hygiene: ***3***Price: ***3***   MUST EAT - Shrimp Scampi, Pan RoastGOOD - TASTY!BAD - Slow Service, Long Wait
4	I love this place, and if you avoid what I did during my last trip (thus the reason for knocking down one star), then you'll enjoy your visit here like how I usually do.Came here for a late dinner, and the line was crazy long. I think my girlfriend and I ended up waiting in line well over an hour. Each of the previous times I've come to Oyster Bar, it's usually been in the morning or early lunchtime. The trick is to avoid the crowds, as I finally was introduced to the long wait that my cousin had long warned me about.I ordered the Alaskan Chowder, New England style with an added side of pasta. I loved the idea of having a variety of seafood items in addition to the typical clams, but just found that the thick consistency with that large portion size to just be too much for me to handle. Maybe that's a quality that you like, but I'll order something else next time.To review: plan coming here early, and don't order the chowder (unless you want to share).
3	Service was eh. Sucks to say, I'm not much of a seafood person.  Unfortunately for me... That's all this place was. I went with a few of my friends here.My friend misinformed me and told me there was some other items other than seafood, buuut NOPE. The only other food that wasn't seafood was bread. Luckily, I'm OK with eating some fish, so I got the Parmesan Crusted Halibut, but it honestly wasn't that great to me. I'm sure if I was into oysters, it would've been delicious. My friends raved about the clam chowder from there too.Speaking for my other friends that love to eat seafood, they loved the oysters. My friend loves this restaurant by the way. The dishes are expensive of course, but what do you expect from Las Vegas. The Calamari was mostly just batter, which was disappointing for my friends. I kind of wanted to try the Lobster Ravioli since it seemed doable for me, but I took a chance with the halibut.  The sauce was called a "florentine" sauce or something. Not really my cup of tea, but I didn't have much to choose from.Don't listen to your friends and believe them when they say there's more than just seafood if you're not that into that.... Just go to the burger place right next door to Oyster Bar.
5	Went again.....and no wait this time. YAY!
5	After years of hearing myth and lore, finally made the trek to Oyster Bar. Didn't want to wait in line, so we decided to come here before going out (~8pm ish), no line. Spicy food + heavy cream before going out, I know, bad idea. Ordered the combo pan roast, level 8 spiciness, and it was well worth the late night farts in the club (the kind where people look for the source of the stench and you just sulk into the background). One order is plenty of food for two people and I forgot why, but they were having a $1 Bud Light night for some reason. Still hungry, then just load up on the delicious, warm, pillowy sourdough rolls. No frills, good service, good food.
5	Wow! Combo pan roast, Level 8 was SPICY but so GOOOD. Don't be scared of the chef, he wears a hat that says, LOVE LOCALS, cuz he hates tourists. He snaps at you but its just a facade , he's actually a really nice man who pretends like he dont take shit from customers!
1	CORRECTION --The name of the LOUSY chef here is BOB,   NOT John.   I just visited again last week and got the names mixed up.  See my lousy review for Chef Bob.  He needs to get the ax, seriously.
5	PAN ROAST ROCKS!!! Anyone who loves seafood, MUST eat Pan Roast at the Oyster Bar in Palace Station. 90% of customers at the bar order Pan Roast. It's a seafood bisque with choice of lobster, crab, shrimp or combo (all 3). Also, your choice of spicy/hotness from 1 to 10. I like the combo #5. Go off lunch and dinner hours or be standing in a long line. Now that they are open 24 hours, I like to go for brunch around 10 am... no lines and it holds me over until dinner. Seafood lovers know Pan Roast at Oyster Bar!!!
4	Love this place... the wait is super long, but well worth it! =)
5	OMG I loooove this place. Every time I am craving a big bowl of gumbo or some  oysters on the  half shell I gotta come to this place. There is practically a line there every time I go so I highly recommend getting there early, but the food is so worth the wait. they are consistent with their quality and the flavors are always spot on.
5	The hour and a half wait is worth it, but if you can't wait for awesome food, come really early in the morning or late at night.. And even then, there is a short 15 minute wait.It is the most amazing tomato biqsue with buttery perfection. Add rice or noodles to it and it is the perfect comfort food after a late night of partying. Order the Combo Pan Roast! Adjust the spiciness to your liking. Need I say more.. Now go order it!
5	Wow the Pan Roast was incredible
4	This place is as good as just about everyone claims. Portions are huge, so it's a good idea to share in order to save money and calories. My husband and I split an order of oysters, New England clam chowder, and  the combo roast pot. The clam chowder was good. The cocktail sauce served with the oysters had an excellent kick. The roast pot was the star of the show. I was tempted to lick my bowl when I was finished.Service was very friendly, but a bit slow. Due to the bar's small size, there is really only room for a single server, and she was doing it all. I read a lot of complaints about long waits before going, so I was worried. Thankfully we only waited 10 minutes or so to be seated. We went around Noon today (Monday), just FYI.
5	Like my friends say...it's bomb.com!  Unique creole flavors you won't find just about anywhere else.  All the praise for the food here is accurate.  So I won't waste keystrokes typing about that.Very seldom do I reward 5 stars to places that come with an hour wait.  But with Oyster Bar, It's worth the wait.  5 Stars and bravo to you!  You also earn the coveted "eat everything here" award.Eat everything here people!
5	Ate there at 2am,  read many previous reviews about the long wait.... this was the perfect time.....walked right up and sat down!  We had the raw oysters,  colossal  shrimp cocktail,  and the shrimp/crab/chicken/sausage pan roast!!!  wow...... amazing flavors!  Cannot wait to try it again and again.....have to plan a trip just to visit this spot..Also happy hour is 1am-9am.......so I also enjoyed a 16oz bloody mary for $3.50! yum!
5	The most delicious Meal. Ever! Moving forward I will always make time for a meal here when I'm in Vegas! I did the crab/lobster pan roast and it was delicious!! 19.99 seems high when you look at it but it's worth every penny! The wait is worth it too! We waited for 25 minutes at 3am in the morning! A must try!!!
5	I ate so well, I was embarrassed by myself *burp*Listen...take the time, wait in line...order the Pan Roast, and the Clam Chowder...it will make you lose your mind!I did't know Vegas had it like this...I felt like I was back in my me-maw's New Orleans kitchen! *wipes tear*  *drops mike*
5	OMG Ricardo is the man!!!!!!!!!!!After Sergio left, and numerous failed return visits hoping for a new chef, Ricardo is truly a breath of fresh air.Yes, their food is legendary, but who's cooking has a lot to do with how much you'll enjoy your experience -- not to mention how long you'll be waiting in that line!Ricardo is simply amazing.  He can clear out a line 20 people deep in an hour.  And once you've seated and ordered, you won't wait longer than 15 minutes.  Not like you'll be rushing to get out of there when he's cooking.  He is a joy to be around.  Hilarious, entertaining, efficient, and great at what he does.  It's also a pleasure to see someone who is enthusiastic, truly enjoys their job and cares that you have an equally enjoyable experience.The other cooks (Bob and others not worth remembering) are terrible.  The same line of 20 people, expect to wait about 2-3 hours if you're lucky.  The food sucks, inconsistent (see my prior reviews), and watching them work is like pulling teeth.  Actually, I think pulling teeth would be better.
5	On a spontaneous trip to Vegas with the BF, we were expecting to get into vegas at 2am.  What is there decent to eat in Vegas at that time?  Steak and eggs? Mmmmh, not in the mood for it.  Earl's? Not againnn.  So we started yelping for oysters since I've heard of some pretty bomb oyster places in LV and came upon this place.What the hell is a pan roast? Tomato based with seafood?!  We are so there.We got there and waited about 15 minutes to be seated.  That is the only bad part about this place--too little seats, too high in demand.  It is not an eat and run type of place, if you don't have about an hour or two--this isn't the place for you.We ordered the pan roast level 6---and a year later, we still come here for pan roast when we're in town.  We've gotten most of our family and friends addicted to this place too.I don't suggest coming during peak times if you have a big party, AND if you do have a big party--expect to wait.  We came here once with 6 friends and waited more than an hour just so we can have seats next to each other.The food is cooked in front of you and service can be a tad slowSide note--you can't call in for to-go orders.  Even if you want to take it to-go you have to go there and wait in line (yes I've tried.)
5	We had the freshess oysters in Las Vegas. Loved it and im coming back tomorrow.
5	I LOVE OYSTERS! My friends took me here and seriously didn't think it could possibly be that great, it's a bar that seats probaly less than 20 people at a time and people still wait at the red ropes hoping to be seated.  We just stand there and stare at the while they eat.  The food was AMAZING... I haven't gone back and it's been months and I still dream about it.  Pan roast and clam chowder, share with someone because it's huge.  We took the leftovers back to the hotel and I actually tried to hide it in the fridge so no one else eats it.  DROOLINGGGGGG...
5	It's worth the wait!!!  If you get restless, press your luck on the slots ;)  It's a small counter that seats about 20 people.  When we were there I never saw the end of the line.  Oh man, the House Pan Roast is delicious!  It's a huge portion...I couldn't finish it, I didn't complain when I had it for dinner too.  Be careful with getting too confident with the amount of spiciness that you request for.  I got a 6 and it was good, I was able to enjoy my food with a hint of spiciness. One of the fun things is that you get to watch your food get cooked in front of you.  You can see all the passion that's put into each order.  The staff is friendly and pretty funny, love it when they have a sense of humor.We also got the Bloody Mary Oyster Shooters, they were yummy too. I'll be heading back here!
5	After reading all the reviews I finally decided to try this place out and I'm glad I did.  The place is open 24 hours, but there's always a line I'm told.  For the duration I was there, there was always a group waiting.  I got there at 8pm and had to wait about an 45 min, but the line had down by 9pm.  The biggest problem is that there are only 17 seats, which are stools that circles around the bar.The food is amazing and fun to watch, they are made in these stainless steel steamers that look like something from a steam punk engine and are located in the center of the bar.  I got the House Pan Roast spicy level 7 with extra lobster.  The lobster though was rubbery and tasted just like shrimp.  Next time I'd get extra crab.  At any rate, it was delicious and totally worth the wait.  The soup was thick and flavorful, like a really rich spicy gumbo that went well with rice.  I'd also like to try noodles next time too. I would totally go here if they had one in LA.
3	I'll learn not NOT read Yelp reviews before going to a foreign place. I think I was too buzzed to do so (that's my reason and I'm sticking to it) The person I was with didn't really explain everything to me. So I kinda did a monkey see monkey do thing. What I got was pretty good (it was the house "gumbo") it has shrimp,crab and lobster. You have an option of how spicy you'd like it; scale 1-10. But it had a creamy sauce think vodka pasta sauce. The portion size it LARGE two people could share it. I ate what I could and packe it to go. Only to leave it at the bus stop ( I got tired of carrying it around), hoping someone less fortunate would come along and eat it!Needless to say, later that night I wished I'd held on to it. I'm definitely going back, gonna try the mussles, oysters on a hlaf shell and the bloody mary oyster shots!
4	Yeah. This place is redonk.The Pan Roast is as good as everyone says. We went with the combo (crab, shrimp, lobster) for $19.99 as opposed to the Palace Station special (crab, shrimp, chicken, andouille) for $22.99. Next time, I definitely wanna try that gumbo. The dude makes the stuff right in front of you and the gumbo looked ulous-redonk also.I'd give five stars, but their line system is a little messed up. It seems as though your entire party doesn't have to be present when you're seated. For example, two of your four-person-party can sit and eat and then the other two can return and they can take your place and eat. I guess it makes sense for the casino--allow the guests to roam around and drop cheese into the poker machines--but it's a little frustrating when you've been waiting for about an hour.That's another thing. Is it one-hour-wait good? I'm on the fence. Maybe 8pm on a Friday night wasn't the best time to go. I'll keep this place in my back pocket for 2am hunger pangs.
5	Located in the Palace Station just off the Las Vegas Strip. They serve Gumbo, and Jambalaya made to order.  It is literally smack in the middle of the casino. You order you dish on a heat scale of 1 to 10. I asked the guy behind the bar who was going to prepare mine what level he usually got, he replied, 25. I had an 8 and that was right on the edge for me. I will have to build up to the 25 (we all have to have some aspiration in life). A must try. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Decided to give this place a shot after reading so many great reviews.  We got in line around 11pm on a Sat night.  Waited for about 30 mins to get seated and it was totally worth it.  Oysters are shucked fresh as you order.  I went with the pan roast level 5 and it was delish.  Could have probably went a little spicier but didn't want to chance it on my first try.  My buddy went with the alaskan chowder which was tasty as well.
5	Still really good food. There seems to be more people now going here because the other station Oyster bar is closed for renovation. Still worth the wait. JJ the Master Chef worked his magic and made an exceptional Combo Pan Roast. As always ate it to the last drop. You know a place is good when most of the people you sit next to are locals.
2	The food deserves 3-4 stars. What ruins the experience is the wait. 30 minutes in line, followed by an hour and a half waiting for our food.  People behind us waited nearly 3 hours to finally eat. I understand that there's only 16 seats. But only staffing 1 cook and 1 server slows everything down that much more. If this was any other restaurant, I would have walked out. I only stayed because I had family from out of town who wanted to try this place. Save your time and find another place to eat. The Sunset Station has a similar restaurant with more seats. And it's probably the same recipes since they're the same chain of casinos. We won't be returning to the Oyster Bar.
5	Food was excellent...had the House Gumbo for the first time!! I will be stopping here on my next visit... Go in late,late evening there is a very long wait....for the line
4	"Excellent food, cook ricardo was amazing. The server, however was very slow with no initiative. If it wasen't for ricardo we would have walked out. He deserves some type of recognitio, and a raise."
1	So disappointed!!! I came here in 2006 and had arguably one of the best seafood meals in my life. Everything was so good! Sad to say, I went back in 2012 and had the worst meal I've ever had in Vegas, and that's saying a lot because I've eaten in a lot of shady places. Worst martini ever! Seriously it tasted like the pool. My beer was equally disgusting. Someone needs to tell the waitress the cleanser they use on the glasses is way too strong. Got roasted corn clam chowder and would have guessed it was canned corn if it weren't for the boatloads of silk in it! Not to mention it was probably made the week previous. Oysters were small and chewy, To top it all off, the signature grill dish came with the spicy tomato diablo sauce instead of the brandy cream sauce. Don't get me wrong, I like spicy food but if I order something I expect to get what I paid for. It's probably better that i didn't eat it because the cook behind the line was unsanitary as hell. DUDE, WASH YOUR F'ing HANDS WHEN YOU TOUCH YOUR FACE!! HAVE YOU HEARD THE TERM "DOUBLE DIPPING"? When I told the waitress of the mistake she first tried to convince me that I was wrong, I was not, then took  the sanitizing liquid tasting anchor steam beer off the check. Like that makes it better. Luckily, at least the $100+ we spent didn't get us sick. I will never stay at the Sun Coast inn because this food was so bad. FOR SHAME!!!!!!!
3	After we went roaming around Fremont Street in down town Vegas, we decided to get some oysters. The Oyster bar is really small and so we had to wait in line to be seated. I thought the people at the bar were taking their precious time to eat but the service was slow. After like 20-25 minutes we finally got seated. We ordered a dozen oysters which took 20 minutes to get served to us bc the the waiter didn't know how to shuck oysters and he was actually complaining in front of us. Another guy took over bc the other dude was acting fussy and this guy was no better. He acted like opening oysters was the worst job on earth. HELLO you work at a Oyster Bar so get your act together or get some more training on Oyster shucking. Everything on the menu looked really good but with their slow service I don't know if the wait is worth it. Most of the dishes were priced $17-$24 dollars if I could remember. Clam chowders are pretty good here and they cost cheaper on the menu.
5	A must go to spot now that I have been here! Funny turn of events but I had won money on the Monopoly machine while waiting in line for a seat at the restaurant and when it was time to eat, printed out the voucher. I unknowingly left the voucher in my pocket so the next day, had to come back to the hotel to cash out and figured I mind as well eat here again because it was that good!So this review combines both my experiences at Oyster Bar, what a steal!Day 1:Dinner time Wed Night - 1 hour waitYes, there is limited seating here. They also don't allow you to over order here just so they can keep customers going in and out.To order:Dozen oysters - good but on the small side (coming back the following day, the patron next to me ordered the same but his oysters were at least twice the size of mine the previous day)Clam chowder - tastes like melted pepperjack cheese, yumCombination pan roast - $5 splitting charge, comes with rice... loaded with seafood and tastes great with the rice... this was the star of the meal hands downShrimp cocktail - ordered this but the waitress was slammed and by the time we had brought it to her attention, we were full off other stuffOyster shooters - filled ours with vodka... very niceService was as fast as it could be. All seats were filled so things were a little bit too chaotic for my taste. Even so, not bad given the circumstances.Day 2:Lunch time Thurs afternoon - no waitEnded up ordering completely new items.To order:Dozen clams - much meatier than oysters, can't say I prefer them over oysters thoughShrimp cocktail - pretty standard, not presented very nicely thoughGumbo - this one grows on you for sure, not a big fan after the first bite but it got progressively tastier as the meal went onService as expected was more attentive (as there were less people). There is a chef here that doesn't seem to enjoy his job so that was a bit off putting.All in all, the food really takes center stage here. I really felt like I was getting my money's worth by eating here not once, but twice. I'll be back for sure!
5	Love this place! 1.) Application to work here as a chef requires you how to cook well and spit jokes at the time. Great experience. 2.) $16 for a dozen oyster (not bad of a price) - I would recommend trying their raw combo, which is half fresh oysters and half  resh clams3.) Pan roast combo @ level 8 spicy is right on the money! It is kinda pricey though. Looking at $23 for a bowl. If you're going to split it with another person, I recommend paying more for extra meats. The give you two scoops of rice for 2 people, but not the meats (of course!). Thanks Bob and Delores.
5	Still an hour wait on a Saturday at 10 pm and yes, it was worth the wait.Love the pan roast combo with shrimp, crab, and lobster at spicy level 7 and raw oysters.  Skip the clam chowder (nothing special).  The pricing is very reasonable at $19.99 for pan roast combo and $16.99 for dozen oysters.  I can't wait to eat that creamy tomato seafood stew with rice and oysters again!
4	Food was straight up 5  star - Wife got the Pan Roast & I got the boulibase.... Some of the most amazing stuff I have ever ate. Got there at 9:30 on a monday night ..... Waited forever to be seated then waited forever for food... I get it.. This is part of experience. The whole process took over 3 hours..... They could do a few things to speed that up... They make a lot of money from this bar... So they don't change a thingSo I give them 4 stars not 5.
4	The lobster, shrimp, and crab pan roast really was as good as everyone has written.  For the amount of seafood, it was not a bad price for about $20. It was plenty of food, and really too much for one person, but be warned that they charge $5 for splitting entrees.  I'm assuming that it means that you order only one thing between two people.  My girlfriend ordered a bowl of clam chowder, and it was chock for of clams.  Very delicious as well.  The service is very friendly and welcoming, but it can be a little slow when it gets busier.  They served the pan roast with a big scoop of rice, which I really loved, but I noticed that another person had pasta.  I'm not sure if that's a choice. It was a great meal.
4	Yay! no wait! came here on a wednesday during a random trip to Vegas and luckily there were 2 spot open just for us!  The bf was kinda weirded out by the ghetto location (palace station hotel), but he was happy after we got our food! We ordered the combo pan roast (level 5 spiciness) and a bowl of clam chowder. Both were delicious and we were so full! THey give you bread and butter with your meal and it was fun to watch the chef cook our meal right in front of us! One star off because i felt like there wasn't enough seafood in the roast, but plenty of creamy tomato sauce.
4	Ok, so I was definitely impatient waiting for this meal. My friends told me this is a MUST in Vegas. Another hole-in-the-wall joint inside an old Vegas casino located off the strip. First I was a little skeptical, thinking... oh gosh, this is inside an old freakin casino. Boy was I wrong. Oyster Bar is exactly that-- a BAR. You are seated at the bar!! The wait is longggg and it's first come first serve- no resos. Large groups = stay away!!!So we got a beer, and waited in line for about 1.5 hours. After we were seated, we got our food in nearly another hour. 3 dozen oysters, 2 pan roasts,  New England clam chowder, and a Manhattan clam chowder. Everything was WELL worth it!!!! Soooooo freakin' delicious! Oysters were so big, juicy and fresh- yum! Pan roast contains a mix of seafood and combined with a tomatoey broth perfected with your level of spiciness.There's only 1 guy running the show... cooking everything all at once. So BE PATIENT!! You WILL (eventually) get your food! Don't let the old casino fool you!
5	The best combo pan roast, ever!  Delicious oysters, great clam chowder, and the chefs are all great.  Worth the hour or more wait, try to avoid going at 5pm when the chefs are switching out, the wait can get longer.  There are oysters bars in the other Station Casinos but this tiny barstool venue is the place I go to when I crave the spicy, creamy goodness that is the pan roast.
5	The pan roast is absolutely amazing!  Can have a long wait time to be seated if you come at the wrong time.
5	The line is always long.  The casino is super smoky and off the beaten path a ways.  BUT and this is a big BUTT...this place has the most amazingly delicious pan roasts on the planet.  As soon as we step off the plane in Vegas this is the first place that we stop.  OMG it is so good.  We have also had a few other dishes which were also fantastic but nothing beats the pan roasts here.  I hate that there are only about 15 chairs at this tiny little oyster bar because the line takes forever to get through.  This past weekend we waited for well over an hour to be seated.  I want to say it was probably closer to two.  It was well worth it though.  This is definitely a must stop place while in Vegas.
5	This place is a definite must every time I'm in Vegas. The wait is long since it really is just a bar that they seat you at so I suggest coming early in the day. Avoid coming at dinner. Or come really late at night. I always get the house combo pan roast and spicy level 7. If you like really spicy stuff you can go higher. I think 6 is mild and 5 is like nothing. Hehe. The staff is very friendly and the service is good.
5	Hendo, try the combination pan roast, oh boy.  Clams on the half shell, one of the best food items on earth.
4	If you're looking for something a little bit different away from the strip this could be your place. It was highly recommended by a few friends and so we had to check it out. They basically serve up this cajun stews with lots of seafood and a bar at the Palace Station. Of course along with it you can get some fresh oysters, bloody mary oyster shooters and a few other typical things. The pan roast is what they're famous for which is this creamy mixture of spice and seafood.Just some notes. 1. Its a bar so there isn't much seating2. There's only 6 cooking stations so only 6 people get served at a time.3. Watch out for the spice level, because level 7 made me pay the next morning ... twice.4. Prepare to wait, see above.
5	amazing food with a great local, divey vibe...worth the wait
5	I'm officially a believer!  After missing out on oyster bar on our vegas trip last year, we made it a point to come here on our trip this year.  My friend was telling us this was a must-have in vegas and we were a little skeptical because of the location... Anyways, after some drinking and gambling at the $5 tables at palace station, we waited a little and sat down at the oyster bar around 3am.  I'll cut to the chase, the combo pan roast was SOOO BOMB!!  Fresh oysters were pretty good too.  Only downside was the wait for the food.  We waited almost 1 hour after we sat down and ordered to get our food.  One buddy who was pretty drunk made it up until about 5 minutes before the food came, then he disappeared to the bathroom for the rest of the night.  Really sucked for him because the food was amazing!Fast forward to the next night.  After drinking/gambling on the strip, we found ourselves at the oyster bar again, this time around 6am.  No wait to sit down and a little less of a wait to get our food.  Again, combo pan roast was $$$$$$$$!I'm definitely coming back here every time I'm in vegas!  Just gotta remember to bring some tums for the heartburn lol...
5	2nd visit here.  Had to stop in, though I'm pregnant, because of how good it was last time I ate here.  I'm hoping the Rockefellers I had were okay for someone in my "condition" to eat.  Had none of the raw stuff, but even the Rockefellers satisfied a craving!  Servers are so nice and easy going, offered my friend and I a free shot!  Lol, he was very surprised when I showed him my belly (thanx guy!!).  As I was given a free oyster shooter last time I was here also, they seem to me very hospitable!!  Anyway, if you love oysters and all things sea food, you won't be disappointed!
5	ok....where do i start with this one?  This is inside the Palace Station Casino off the strip so its not Vegas glam.  It's called the Oyster Bar and it really is just a bar so if you go looking for an actual restuarant...you'll miss it.  The bar seats maybe 10-12 folks and there is always a line (you'll smell why when you get there).  I had the combo pan roast with shimp, crab and lobster in this tomato based sauce that was just so delicious i wanted to lick the bowl.  They cook your meal in these steaming pots right in front of you.  They only have 6 pots so that's why it takes a while to get your food....but it it worth every second!!!  Acant wait to go back!
4	Some people come to Las Vegas to get cheap eats and some come to eat at the all you can eat buffets!  For me I came to LV like a crazed hit man to knock off my Yelp bookmarks one by one. So here I am at The Palace Station Hotel & Casino to try the Oyster Bar. Having been to the Sunset Stations Oyster Bar so I knew that I was in for a treat again and I did not walk away disappointed from Palace Stations Oyster Bar.The dish ordered this time around was the Bouillabaisse Spicy with rice and a glass  of Chardonnay. The spicy soup base and the fresh seafood was everything I expected from a great Bouillabaisse. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oyster-bar-las-vegas-2?select=xr1v005ca9E5vKENRf6GdQ#xr1v005ca9E5vKENRf6GdQI love watch the chef making my dish while sipping one the cool glass of wine. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oyster-bar-las-vegas-2?select=X5MpbSZQf_lO_ywbO9BKkw#X5MpbSZQf_lO_ywbO9BKkwThe Oyster Bar is always one of my must go to places when in town.Friendly Helpful Service.My LV Trip Bookmark #6
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in all of Las Vegas! My usual - Half dozen oysters, and a combo pan roast (spicy # 6)There is only counter seating at the Oyster and it is located on the casino floor next to the Broiler. More than likely you'll roll up to a line, but don't bail! It's so worth the wait, and the wait can be real long! There are no reservations to be made, and there are maybe a total of 12-15 seats at the counter. Since it's now open 24-7 you can often time it right and not wait that long. The food is always dead on, and so comforting. Big chucks of seafood and a scoop of rice in a tomato based giant bowl of goodness. Dining at the Oyster Bar is always fun. JJ one of the cooks, has been there forever. They make your food, and shuck the oysters right in front of you. As an added bonus, there's always some interesting, & crazy casino folk @ Palace Station to people watch while your enjoying your pan roast of choice.
3	Great food, but the waiting is the hardest part.
5	Came here due to high praises from a couple friends and I was not disappointed.I first tried it a friend of mine. Ordered the following items:- Pan Roast, Combo with level 5 spicy. Texture is creamy (slightly thick).   - Etouffee, level 5 spicy. Texture is soupy.Both were very tasty and the ingredients was fresh and generous. At first glance, I thought certain pieces were scallop but it was actually lobster meat.We liked it so much that we back the very next day and brought 7 other friends. We all loved it and had so much fun and laughter. Many thanx to Sandra the waitress, Bob the chef and one other chef (Asian guy) but I didn't get his name. If the owner is reading this, we dined around 3:30pm on September 7th, 2012. Sandra is a sweet heart. She knew we had a large party and did her best to seat us all together and made sure we were happy and taken care off. Bob has a very sarcastic sense of humor and bantered with us the whole time and so did the other Asian chef when they had the shift change. We all believe Bob overheard us saying  that level 5 spicy wasn't that spicy and took offense. When all of my friends ordered level 7, I think he gave it something extra because it was SPICY. Luckily for me, he didn't cook my dish until last so I was able to taste my friend's level 7. Immediately after sampling level 7, I barked at Bob to make mine a level 6. He looked at me, laughed and called me a name that rhymed with wussie. Everyone at the counter busted out laughing. It was the most enjoyable part of my vacation. All of us definitely will be back.By the way, the dish that I ordered the second time was cioppino. I loved it, thought it was better than pan roast and etouffee.  I plan to keep ordering cioppino until I get sick of it.The only complaint is that the dining area is quite small. Only 6 steam cooking devices and approx  18 seats. I wish they expand to hold more people. Luckily, they open 24 hours but still, I am sure most of the time, there is a wait. We waited 2 hours for our seats.The very next weekend, I tried a place near my home in Southern California called the Broiler located in Chino Hills. The cooking method is the same but the taste is not. Ingredients didn't taste the same either. Maybe because Oyster Bar is backed by a casino so the result is that they can afford better quality items. Looks like I will be planning more trips to Vegas in the near future.
5	Flavorful soup, perfection!Went here on Monday at 4 am to avoid the line, 4 am and it was decently busy still! That's a good sign =DHad happy hour oyster, clam steamer, and etoffe, sadly they were out of bullion base. Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup. Soup was cooking inside the pot for a while making all the juices from seafood come out.... portion is HUGEEE and generous amount of seafood items. I didn't like the clam steamer flavor,  they had some kind of Italian seasoning on top, like oregano? maybe.... not my thing but still, everything was amazing especially for hang overs
5	Awesome food, pan roast is the best ever.  Also found the recipe for this online tried it out and it was exactly like the real thing.  Found the recipe at http://www.panroastrecipe.com  Also love that they have guiness and bass ale on tap at the irish pub next door so I can get a black and tan with my pan roast.  Truly these guys have the best pan roast anywhere!  The staff is awesome too!
4	a bit of a wait, but well worth it!i love getting the pan roast at spice level 7-8 and my husband loves the Alaskan chowder.  pan roast -  thick, creamy, spicy and salty, but goes well when accompanied with rice on the side.   i crave this every time i go to vegas, and sometimes this is what brings me to vegas (secretly).   the wait is a pain in the butt when its really bad, and i miss having the old chef.  the last chef that was there was very slow and getting the orders out and we could see that he only had one order going while the bar was full and waiting on him to quit schmoozing and start cooking.  by the time the food came out, i was already over it (since it was 4 am) and i just wanted to go to bed
4	As a local who lives close to Palace Station, I go to Oyster Bar about once a month (and whenever I have out of town visitors). The food is fantastic. I've tried nearly everything on the menu and by far the best thing on the menu is the Combo Pan Roast. I also almost always get oysters on the half shell when I visit. The oysters are always super fresh and very reasonably priced. They currently have a late night special where a half dozen is 8.99 (full dozen is 16.99 if I remember correctly).The only negatives (and they're big ones) are the wait and the service. If you go during a peak times (weekend evenings), expect to wait about an hour in line and then another half hour to get your food after getting seated. Basically, the place is really popular and there are about 16 seats at the bar and 2 overworked chefs who often struggle to keep up with the orders. If you go during the day and get Ricardo as your chef you're in for a treat. He's super friendly and probably the best oyster shucker I've ever seen. He definitely gets your food out faster than the other chefs.
5	First of all, I am very impatient when it comes to food and if you tell me I'm going to have to wait an hour for a chair, then *at least*  another 30 minutes for my order then it better be FANTASTIC. Chef Ricardo and Sandra were on shift that  Friday night and dude, I seriously felt bad for them. The place was packed and there were at least 20 people in line waiting, but both of them still provided great service. I guess my hour and a half wait was not too bad at all. There was a group of 6 older folks from LA who told us they've been waiting for 2+ hrs but always come here when in LV. They assured me that it's "very well worth the wait"Hubby got the etouffee spicy level 8 and I had the Pan roast with oysters, shrimp and crab spicy level 7. When we finally got our orders and had my first bite, I TOTALLY GOT IT. It felt like it was a dish customized for my discerning palate, perfect in every way. They were not stringent on the seafood either, as I devoured the chunks of sweet lobster in my soup. Hubby loved his etouffee as well. We knew at that point we are going to be frequent customers (writing this makes me want to go NOW). It will also be a go-to restaurant when family/friends come visit. I love spicy foods and seafood, and I can't think of any other place that can rival the Oyster Bar. This place tops my short list of must-try-eats in Las Vegas. ***Note: Pleasantly surprised that they also give 25% military discount! So don't forget to show your ID card when you're there to save some serious $$$.
5	Oh my heavens! This place is such an amazing little gem in Las Vegas! A ways off the strip in the Palace Station Casino, you'll find this little seafood joint. I highly recommend that you try everything off their menu. I was a little too tipsy to remember the whole meal but from the start my friends and I ordered:-pan roast ( thick & creamy filled with combination of seafood and a scoop of rice)-Jambalaya (nice hint of spice and filled with mussels)- Gumbo (can't go wrong with this dish either)-Oyster shots (2 tequila & 1 vodka shooter)-Dozen raw oysters Every dish that we had was delicious! The serving size was enough to feed two people per dish but you'll want to order your own and like most asians, make it family style to share! Prices are not too steep but well worth it for the amount you get. Don't leave vegas til you've tried this joint!
5	Listen to ur fellow yelpers. Food is amazing!!! I generally hate waiting in line but I don't mind waiting an hour for this place. Even the leftovers taste bomb, esp after a lovely night staying up in vegas =)
5	You have not eaten in Vegas until you've had the Combo Pan Roast at the Oyster Bar at the Palace Station!  We all know that the Palace Station is not one of the most savory locations in Las Vegas but its definitely worth the trip to this seedier Hotel.  The cooks prepare your food according to your requested spice level between 1 and 10 (1 being the least spicy and 10 being very spicy).  I could eat at this place everyday and never get tired of it!  I highly recommend it!
4	Who would have thought I'd find myself downtown at a rundown casino like Palace Station, but there I was on a late Sunday night enjoying one of the most satisfying dishes sin city had to offer! Yup, I'm talkin about the Pan Roast at Oyster Bar! Do yourself a huge favor and order the palace version with shrimp chicken andouille sausage and crab. I added lobster too. But either way, It's the bomb, cuz its all about that crazy good sauce! Keep in mind however, to truly enjoy this dish, you've gotta love your spice! Trust, each bite will be a scorching spoonful of fiery goodness! Chunks of meaty sausage, chicken and seafood in every bite and I bet you won't be able to put your spoon down! Well, except to wipe your forehead from the sweat cuz this bad boy is hot hot hot! But oooh soooo hot diggity good! I ordered a level 7 (1-10 being spiciest) and it was just right!We started with 1/2 a dozen oysters on the half shell, and that was an excellent intro to our fantastic meal! The oysters were fresh and went down the hatch nicely with a swig of cold frosty Kirin! We also ordered the shrimp scampi. It came served with loads of succulent tiger shrimp, a heaping serving of fresh chopped garlic and noodles swimming in a pool of buttery glory. Although it was tasty, it simply couldn't hold a candle to the signature pan roast IMO! I'm tellin ya, order the pan roast and enjoy! Your taste buds and tummy will thank you for it!Happy Eats!
5	I come to Vegas about once every 6 weeks.A lot for someone who's from Los Angeles, but the first thing I do when I fly or drive in, I go straight to Oyster Bar.After my bags are checked into my hotel (sometimes I go straight there), I know I'm prepared to wait 15-90 minutes for a delicious meal.+Oysters are fresh and cocktail sauce is money.+Order the Pan Roast with Lobster + Crab and you'll get a  Creamy Cajunish soup with rice --- absolutely perfect. I usually eat it with a spicy level of 7 or 8 out of 10. Everyone I've ever introduced or taken to this restaurant have absolutely love it. I think I've eaten here 8-10x in the last 6 months. Yeah its that good!
3	When we arrived on a Tuesday evening at around 8PM, there were only 5 other people waiting in line, but it took forever for the bar stools to turnover so we ended up waiting almost an hour for a seat and then another 30 minutes for our meal to be prepared.  The usual cook took a break just as we sat down and the back-up needed to check the menu posted on the wall to determine what ingredients were to be used.  We each ordered bouillabaisse which comes with rice and bread that we barely touched.  Once again this was the best we have found in Las Vegas; literally loaded with seafood though the promised cod was MIA and the crab legs very small.  However, the meal just was not worth the extraordinary wait.
4	This place is a hidden gem! It doesn't look like much when you are just walking up to the bar and you have to make sure there isn't a line. We went late Saturday night and had to wait two hours before we were able to sit down, It's first come first serve seating. I was a little taken back at how long we waited BUT it was totally worth it! Once your seated you have a cook and a server right in front of you steaming away the delicious food. The atmosphere is a little different once you sit down, it's a great way to meet new people since you sit next to strangers :) the Palace Pan Roast is what I would suggest for your first time! It's so creamy and full of flavor! And there is a lot of it! The portion is huge! Other than the limited seating, I'd give this place an A++ and will be back soon.
5	Worth the wait, worth the wait, WORTH THE WAIT!Get the oysters on the half shell, get the palace pan roast, get it with rice, get it with noodles, get the new england clam chowder, and get yourself a beer.Share it all, be happy, and go on with your day in Las Vegas!
5	What a hidden gem! Stumbled upon it hungry at late night. Bubbling gas cauldrons of amazing seafood made to order in front of your face. Great prices, good company, and if you have to wait, wait! It's worth it!
5	Go here. Don't ask questions, just go. If there's a line (and there will be), wait.Get the Combo Pan Roast. And just in case you were wondering exactly what's in the Combo Pan Roast, I have included a thorough ingredient list below:-Lobster, Shrimp, Crab, Tomato, Cream, Brandy, Magic, Dreams, Rainbows, Majestic unicorns galloping through enchanted meadows, Really good sex, All sorts of awesome, Singing forest nymphs, Utopia, Fairy dust, Moonbeams, Getting accepted at Hogwarts, Garlic, Salt-
5	The best pan roast in Vegas. Make sure to go during during the week when Bob is the chef. He does an excellent job preparing your meal!l
5	Wow wow wow! Combo Pan Roast! Just do it... Seriously just do it! Amazing! Worth the wait!
3	Come here every time I go to Vegas but this will be the last time. Since they went 24hrs its seems like the staff is exhausted. They used to have two cooks (plus assistants) running the place and now there is just one cook with one assistant. This means much longer wait times for the same food. This last experience took 3.5hrs (on a Monday) which involved about 15min of eating. No fault of the staff, there's just not enough of them. Who ever is running this place has decided to focus on profits instead of customer satisfaction. This place should have expanded a long time ago and the staff should have increased not decreased. Food is still the same but now that one of the former cooks opened his own place (more seating and lots of staff) I'll be going there instead of waiting here.
5	I have lived in Las Vegas for 23 years and went to the Oyster Bar for the first time yesterday.......amazing! The wait was about 30 minutes but worth it. It won't be 23 years before my next visit.....not even 23 days! GO!!!!
2	I've read so many good reviews about this place, even a yelp friend (who is very cute) said this place was the bomb. So I tried it...I can't believe the hype. I waited almost two hours to eat here, but to my surprise the combo pan roast didn't live up to expectations. What it basically is a mix of seafood with creamy tomato soup. And what pissed me off was the seafood was so small in portion with the soup. Furthermore, the bowl of seafood tomato soup cost $22! Such a ripoff. Never again.
5	after a long night, we headed over to the oyster bar close to 2am.  it was full, and there was a wait.  an hour + wait.  after hearing and reading all the great things, we toughed it out, in club attire, and 5 inch heels.  it was TOTALLY worth it.we ordered the pan roast level 5.  i would definitely go a bit higher next time, but at a level 5 it was a comfortable spicy.  man, so GOOD.  lots of seafood and very rich in taste.  mix the rice in, and you've got heaven (:the gumbo was also good, but definitely didn't measure up to the roast.  definitely one of the best gumbo's i've had though!friend also ordered the bouillabaisse level 7.  definitely spicy, definitely delicious.  it has crab, mussels, clams, among other seafood items, with a more watery base.who would think such a gem would exist inside the palace station.can not wait to go back!
4	long wait! be prepared! the place is tiny and only seats abt 12 people or so.we had dolores as our waitress and there was one chef on site with glasses.we ordered the palace pan roast spicy level 7, and the bouillabaisse spicy level 5. a dozen oysters.oysters - shucked in front of us, they dont go the extra step to clean the oyster for you if they see shells. i had to pick the pieces out myself before eating them for at least 6. i hate sandy oysters.they actually got our order mixed up with another one. they gave us the bouillabaisse soup correctly but im not sure if it was suppose to be the other girls. as it wasnt spicy it was still tasty.they gave us gumbo which was also someone elses order and i accidently tasted it before i knew since i dont eat gumbo and wasnt sure if its what i ordered. i was just excited to try it. dolores realized the mistake and had the chef make our palace pan roast for us. and also re did the other girls order for her. she wasnt a happy camper. but neither was us because the palace pan roast only came out with shrimp and chicken. missing ingredients such as lobster and sasusage (i think) we let her know again and she said the chef will re-do it but at this point the meal was just taking too long so we said its okay. she made some adjustments on our bill and we were happy with that.the food is very good though! it would have been a better experience if it wasnt for the mix up. no biggie, busy rush hour- one chef. these things happen. i would still come back again.
5	Someone had a bright idea and it took us completely off the strip. The Oyster Bar was located in Palace station, a hotel casino that pretty much kept it the same since who knows when. This was definitely a place unfamiliar to me and it almost felt did not have your typical Vegas aesthetic.We started with oysters and it was oyster heaven. Every slurp was fresh and decadence. We had oyster at Bacchanal buffet and it was no comparison! Follow it with a gulp of Kirin, I'm a happy guy!The Palace Pan Roast is exceptionally good. I mean after a weekend of decadence at E, Tableau and Bachannal... This dish still stood out. Absolutely Delicious!So... Oyster, Pan Roast, and Beer... That's all you need to know...especially after a night of debauchery.
5	Beneath the endless clamor of long waits, inconvenience and location is a really delectable and chummy eatery.Sure..sometimes the waits are long but what good things are fast and easy to access. The lines varies on the time and day of the visit. Weekdays are obviously the best days. But like most people, I'm always visiting Vegas on weekends, so time is obviously the main factor. Try to avoid prime lunch/dinner time because the wait can amount up to 1 hour MINIMUM. Our server was Sandra, an outstanding gal, not your same-ol' "straight-to-the-point" server. She made sure we knew what we were ordering and offers samples to ensure our confidence in our dish of interest.  Now, I like to do small-talk and,Sandra completely read my mind. She made our party feel like home and comfortable. The chef Richardo, oh man, he made my trip. Funny, generous, lively, friendly are only but a few words to describe him. He is probably the reason why "Oyster Bar "is my favorite restaurant in all of Las Vegas. Richardo, if you happen to see this, I really appreciate every second in your company! Thank you!Ordered the Palace Pan-Roast, Shucked Oysters, Jambalaya, Manhattan Calm Chowder and Shrimp Cocktail. I'm not exaggerating when I say this but EVERYTHING WAS SO BIG AND GOOD. So big there were leftovers for the day after, so good that we came back again before making the trip home. So I encourage you to challenge yourself to step out of the norm of Earls Sandwich, Secret Pizza, Wicked Spoon and so on, to make a visit to Oyster Bar because it might just make your day like it did mine.
5	Feels like a bar, tastes like a restaurant.  It feels so damn friendly.  I can't believe this place is in the Palace Station of all places. I had the combo pan roast, which  had Shrimp, crab and lobster on a.  brandy, cream, and tomato sauce.  Holy Shit, this is so damn GOOD.  Seafood so tender, sauce is so robust and savory.  And the portions set incredibly generous.  My server Maritza was incredibly helpful and made me feel at home.  I so love the fact that they have the little pots cooking in front of you.  Chef Warren was the master of his kitchen domain.   Be warned that they are very liberal with the how spicy the dishes are.The lines get ridiculously long at dinner time.  They only have 18 seats available.  Make sure you avoid the dinner rush.
5	I love to try new food when I am at Vegas. I did some research on Yelp and found Oyster Bar. The dinning experience here completed my awesome Vegas vacation.The wait was about an hour during lunch time, which is not bad. They only had about 16 bar spaces so I don't recommend coming here with a large party. They only have one chef and one server for the entire bar. So the waiting time for the food might be long. We waited about 15 mins for our food. We ordered:1 dozen oysters (not the best that I've had but decent).Shrimp & Lobster Fra Diablo (Sauteed shrimp and lobster in a spicy tomato sauce with linguine) = Amazingly good. There are about 8 or 9 jumbo shrimps and two large pieces of lobster. We ordered mild but I think it would be better to go for medium.Of course we had to try the famous Pan Roast (fresh seafood sauteed with brandy, cream and tomato served with rice). We had the combo (shrimp, crab and lobster). This is a must try.. it was soooooo good. The portions are pretty big (it could be shared among 2 ppl) but they charge you $5 extra for sharing. Even though there's only 2 of us, we managed to finish all 3 items.... ;)Can't wait to go back again the next time we visit Vegas.
5	I love this place.  Actually, i loved it so much that I dined here two nights in a row!  OK so you got to order the Pan ROAST Combo, it comes with shrimps lobsters and crabs.  If you are a seafood lover, you must order this.  I ordered the Pan Roast at level 8, and it has a kick to it, it was not overwhelming at all.  I also ordered a dozen of Oysters on the half shell.  So yummy!Yes there is a long wait, but come on good seafood! good beer and friendly service.  I was fortunate enough to dine during the hours that both Sandra and Ricardo work.  Sandra is the waitress/server where she takes order, she's friendly fast, and accurate.  Ricardo is the chef that makes yummy food.  OMG! he was so nice and friendly and even shook my hand to greet me.  He also did some modification to my pan roast where it took the pan roast yumminess to another level:EPIC.  He added more lobsters and clams.  Sea food lover gone to heaven right? OH gosh!   Btw-if you want to avoid the long wait, come at 1 or 2 am when you are drunk. :) good food. definitely coming back!
4	We waited almost an hour to sit at this famous bar around 2pm. This is not a light meal by any means... I felt like my blood pressure doubled from salt, my cholesterol soared from the cream/shellfish concoction, and I gained 2 lbs just during my lunch...Anyway as said befor the oysters aren't great... I go to pj Clark's in the forum shops to get my oyster fix during their happy hour.We got the chowder which was good.. The combo pan roast and the jambalaya. The jambalaya was like a salt fest woah!!. The combo pan roast was the best but super heavy!! Maybe because I'm not familiar with new Orleans cooking but I don't understand why it's called a pan roast when the jambalaya seemed to be cooked in the same fashion but wasn't considered a pan roast...The cooking contraption is interesting. I have never seen anything like that... Seems to have like steam going through pipes to cook the food.  The chef is a busy guy!!
5	Went to Vegas 9/7-9/10. Didn't go to the buffet ONCE, but I did go to the Palace Stations Oyster Bar TWICE. Best time to go is when they first open because there's no line. The 2nd time we went was around  1pm on a Sunday and we waited approximately 1 hour & 47 minutes! HOWEVER, well worth the wait! Dolores was taking orders and Bob was cooking. What a great duo these 2 are! So funny and engaging! I had the palace pan roast (spicy level 8) on my 1st visit and that was really good, but tried the boullabaise on my 2nd visit and i have to say that was my favorite. So flavorful! I know the pan roast is a fan favorite, but if u get to go to the oyster bar a 2nd time, i highly recommend the boullabaise. Forget the buffets and just hit the oyster bar! Next time i visit i am going to try the oyster rockefeller. Now that looks deelish!
1	Looooong lineTINY oysters $5 extra for sharing??We came here for some late night snack, and didn't wanna pay $5 just for sharing a bow of the entree, so we just ordered oysters. But they were tiny and very watery. We waited in line for 30 plus minutes. not worth it, will not come back. p.s the free bread they gave tasted weird.
2	First, the good - the Pan Roast is amazingly good, and the service is friendly and efficient.Now the bad - the LONG wait, and the inability and unwillingness of the Palace Station to improve things.  I understand that this is a bar with limited seating, but several things can be done to make the customer experience better.  Do we (or our representatives) really need to stand in a line?  How about investing a few dollars in those electronic devices that buzz when its your turn, or if you don't want to spend the money, how about just writing the name down on a piece of paper?  If I don't have to stand in line, where do you think I'm going to go? Thats right, I'm going to be gambling at those slot machines that surround the bar and likely make the Palace Station some money.  But no, according to a Palace Station staff member, the management likes the lines and has no interest in improving things.And lastly, some tips:1. Call ahead to see how long you will have to wait2. Go during off-peak times, and remember 1 AM is not off-peak in Las Vegas3. If you get sick and tired of standing in line, like we did, go to the Grand Cafe.4. Watch out for those pesky representatives - one person in line in front of you could actually be holding a spot for a large group of people.
5	*warning, bring non-gambling friends here so they can wait in line for you while you gamble*CHUNKS and chunks of crab meat.  The crab pan roast is less "briney" and seafoody than the combos.  The only downside to this place is the constant wait.  Came here at 330am and there was a line of 12 in front of us.  The oysters are good too, sat next to one of the chefs and mid-shuck he threw out over half of them because they didn't meet his standards.  I go here every time I visit Vegas.  There's one that opened in Chino that is nowhere near as good.  BONUS-afterwards you can join the old ladies at bingo!
4	Re-Review!Friends were going. "I've been waiting a year for this!", she says. "Been there, ate that, not worth the wait", I think to my self. But I was polite and thank goodness I was. Followed her lead and ordered the Pan Roast this time. OMG!!  Gumbo, oysters; pretty good but not worth waiting in line (1 hour+) for again. But the Pan Roast...oh the Pahahahaaaaan Roast. Rich and creamy. Got the combo w andouille first time. Seafood combo 2nd time was better and they throw in a big scoop of steamed rice which will get you a big hug from this Hawaii boy. Still giving them a four because of the wait which I think could be lessened with more help behind the counter.  I'm back home now and was just strickened with the most intense Pan Roast craving the other day.  I would have driven anywhere on the island for one. Lucky I don't live in Cali. I got it bad!
5	I've had seafood from around the world and this spot ranks right up there!  Only around 20 seats and the line can be really long but it is totally worth it.The only negative thing I could say about this place is that it's right smack in the middle of the casino where there's a lot of second-hand smoke.  Otherwise, this place is awesome.
5	I love love love this place. It's a must everything I'm in vegas. The cooks and the service is really great! They're so friendly and funny. I always get the pan roast sometimes combo or sometimes palace. You get to rate your spiciness from 1 to 10. I used to share with my gf and we would get level 6 and pay the 5$ splitting fee. Then we started getting our own bowl (I swear it tastes even better the next day, like how pizza or chipotle does). I started getting a level 10 and it still wasn't spicy to me. The last time I went I asked for a number 15! Haha she said that's called habanero level anything greater than 10. It was more spicy and tastes even better. If you love spicy get habanero level! Mmmm. Craving now. I ate the oyster here everytime. My gf loves it and says its her favorite place for oysters. I can't really tell the difference between oysters but she recommends it!
5	Wow this is the best thing I have ever eaten in a loooong time!My 2 girlfriends and I waited about an hour dying of starvation to eat here  as our first meal of the day at 3pm LOL but like everyone else has said, it was definitely WORTH THE WAIT. Here are the items we ordered and enjoyed:Half shell oysters were really good and tasted even better with Tobasco, horseradish and pepper. Anything tasted really good at that point in our stomachs lolThe combination pan roast was thick and tasty with enough spiciness to carry out really good flavor over rice. The portions are huge here so I recommend sharing it among 2-3 hungry people.The clam linguine in red sauce was also impressive too, which had a variety of spices to it. My friends and I also split this too.The place is really small because they can only seat about 16 customers but goddamn, it is worth the wait and it's actually pretty cool to see how the chefs cook in front of you at the oyster bar with their turning and rotating kitchenware. The service was OK but regardless, I would wait an hour again :)
5	Pan Roast Combo, that's all you need to know.You wait about 35 mins watching the cook make 6 gumbos, pan roast, etc.Once you get the Pan Roast (crab, lobster, and shrimp) you literally taste the harmony of fresh ingredients and layers of delicious flavors.Be warned that the portion is huge. I would get one to share.Incredible bargain @ 20.99
5	My group decided to go to Vegas a day early so we chose to stay at Palace Station because my sister wanted to introduce us to the Oyster Bar.  We arrived in Vegas around 3am and were starving by then because we skipped dinner so we would be able to eat.We were able to snag up 4 seats right away.  At 3am, there were still people eating!  Because of the limited seating (about 15 seats) I hear the wait can be 30 min to an hour long during lunch time and peak hours.  I'm glad they are open 24 hours and we were able to avoid the crowd.Food:Clam Chowder - Full of fresh seafood, great comfort foodHouse Pan Roast - Amazing flavors I have never tried before.  Must haveTip:  Portions are huge.  Share the meal but don't ask them to split it for you (there's an extra charge for splitting fee)
4	Before leaving Vegas, my friends and I always stop by Oyster bar for our last meal (depending if we won or lost money). We always come during the afternoon since it seems that the restaurant is not as busy as it would be at night and they have big screens playing all the sports games for the day so you can eat and watch at the same time.We always get the same items: Oysters of the day to start off the meal, then the clam chowder, and its usually the Bourbon Jamabalaya or Sauteed clams in white sauce with linguine. There's also complimentary bread that comes with the meal which is great to dip in the clam chowder. Since we travel in a group, we can order all this food and share but for those that are just traveling with their SO or couple of friends, get half a dozen of oysters, share the clam chowder and you MUST try the jamabalaya! Those three you have to try if you never been to Oyster bar before.
5	WOW, my boss took me here for dinner one night. I'm not sure if the food was just good because it was FREE or because the food the chef made for us was GREAT! I didnt have to wait in a long line, but when we sat down, a line started to file and before you knew it all the seats were full and more than 5 people were waiting. The pricing is decent, i had the pan roast spicy #7. I didnt come hungry, but i ate ALL the food in the bowl. All fresh ingredients(you can see everything they put in it since they cook it in front of you) and they steam cook it(also, illegal in CA) so its that much better to eat here!! trust me
5	My friends and I went to town at this place.  We had to wait approximately 45 minutes due to the limited seating here (14 seats?) and due to arriving at a busy time.  There's only 1 chef and 1 helper at this place so don't expect your food to arrive like a fast food joint.  What's cool about the Oyster bar is that you can watch the chef add all the ingredients to the 6 cauldrons and 2 gigantic pots.  The 6 cauldrons are used to make the soup while 1 of the big pots is filled with fish stock and the other is for boiling the shellfish.  Here's what I ordered (all were excellent by the way):* 1 dozen raw half-shell oysters: The chef schucked the oysters in front of us.  Looks easy when he does it.  I prefer squeezing the lemon and drizzle some cocktail sauce over them.  Taste great.* 1/2 dozen raw half-shell clams: Similar to the oysters but with a different texture.  I prefer the oysters though.* Palace Pan Roast: Combination of shrimp, lobster, crab, clams.  Tomato paste base with white rice.  Can feed 1 or 2 hungry souls.  Did I mention it's loaded with flavor.* Oyster Shooters with Vodka: With the cocktail sauce, you won't taste the alcohol or the sea-taste from the oyster.  Order 3 for a better deal.
4	Knock me over with a feather.  I would not suspect that one of the best seafood places in Las Vegas is a little 18-seater bar inside of Palace Station.  There are literally 18 seats, and the line can be up to an hour long to get a coveted spot.  When we went, by the grace of whatever you pray to, there were 2 open seats just waiting for us.  As soon as we sat down, that line started piling up.The best part of this place is the experience of watching them make your food.  There are all these steam pots right in front of you and it is fascinating to watch as they boil over with deliciousness.  The chef that was there that night...I believe his name was Ricardo, worked fast and was very engaging with the guests, cracking jokes and making you feel at home.My husband and I got a dozen oysters.  Warning: the oysters are HUGE.  I saw them, salivated, ordered, then couldn't finish them because they are so big.  We both got the combo pan roast.  Creamy, tomatoey, full of seafood, a little spicy.  Coming from San Diego, I have always been on the hunt for some good seafood, and this place has it!  They also have jambalaya, gumbos, clam chowders, bouillebaise, and more.  A little slice of oceanic heaven waiting for you (or should I say, you will wait for it...a long time) inside of Palace Station.
5	This place is heaven in Sin City.CON-long lines, though I didn't experience this-limited seating-smokey because it's in a casinoPRO-the Pan Roast is out of this world good, I crave it all the time-love watching them make it in an individual pot that swivels up and down (don't know what that's called, but it's awesome)-awesome oysters on a half shell with good prices, especially during happy hour-big portionsI wish I visit Vegas every weekend just to eat here.
5	Simply the best.  Read the reviews no need to be redundant.  Stick to the oysters and the Pan Roasts.  Would happily pay 5 times what they charge for each, would still be the best meal in Vegas.  Why this isnt duplicated in every major city is beyond me......, maybe I'll do just that.  Happy roasting my friends, violent cravings writing this
4	This place was amazing! It's off the strip, but definitely worth a cab ride to. We ordered:-bowl of clam chowder-jumbo bacon wrapped shrimp- combo pan roast with riceFor two people, this was wayyyy too  much food. But everything was delicious! Our bill  came out to under $50, which I have to say is good for a seafood meal. The wait was long, but worth it.
5	Wow. An amazing place. One of the best places if you want some serious grub! This oyster bar is right in the middle of the Palace Station casino. The whole place is just a bar where you sit. There are no tables, just stools.I had the Linguine and Clams White Sauce. Talk about over load on the clams. They are not skimpy on this. The taste was delicious. I even tried the Bloody Mary Oyster shooters - these do have alcohol so watch out!The one thing is that you will most likely wait in a line. But you can go over the menu and play some slots while you're waiting. But trust me it is worth the wait.Not super cheap but it's priced right for what you get. I would come back here for sure! This is my first time here but I was talking to a guy that goes there often and he was saying that you can't go wrong with pretty much anything that you order. I believe him.Bring your appetite and prepared to be impressed.
1	As usual, Great food , but, the service AND the wait(even though half the bar is empty) has become unacceptably bad!There's Absolutely no reason to make customers wait in line for an extra 22mins when 6 chairs are empty, and that's AFTER having already waited 38 minutes !!! I WILL BE AVOIDING THIS PLACE AND RECOMMENDING THE SAME TO MY FRIENDS UNTILL MANAGEMENT AMELIORATES THE SERVICE AND WAIT TIMES!!
5	THIS PLACE IS A MUST TRY.I went for the first time last time I went to Vegas. We went at around midnight, when we arrived in Sin City. We got lucky though, because it was crowded! It's probably because it was a Thursday night.My boyfriend and I split the combo pan roast. They have a $5 split charge, but it comes with 2 bowls of rice instead of one. It's a LOT of food. We got a level 5 spiciness. It was amazing. SO GOOD. The only downside was that the combo, which is supposed to have lobster, crab, and shrimp, only came with like one big piece of lobster. It was also a bit salty, so you pretty much NEED the rice. My boyfriend ordered an extra bowl of rice, too, because we had a bunch of saucy pan roast left over, but no rice with which to eat it. I also ate the sourdough bread they give you with the pan roast too, dipped it in there. Delicious.We came back on Sunday to fill up on the deliciousness once more before heading back to LA. We got the Palace pan roast this time. It came with chicken, andouille sausage, crab, and shrimp. I also got a cup of New England clam chowder and it was yummy. Probably one of the best clam chowders I've had. Honestly though, I didn't need it. That pan roast was so big, and the clam chowder filled me up. Because everyone's hungover and sleeping in on Sundays, I think it was a good time to go... no line again!The workers are pretty friendly too. They chat with you while they cook the food right in front of your eyes. The contraptions are pretty cool too!This place has found its place on my MUST-EAT WHILE IN VEGAS LIST. Hmm, now that I think about it, that's a good Yelp list idea :)
5	How can anyone give this place anything but a 5 Star.  Everytime I go to vegas, cannot leave without having this.  Combo Roast all the time, Im pretty sure the other things on the menu are awesome as well but got to stick to my roast.  Love this place!!!!
5	Extremely short short review, but probably the best review from me...Oyster Bar...  Here is what you MUST ORDER!--Combo Pan Roast!--Alaskan Chowder!That's it!!!  I need to say no more.......Small eatery with only about 18 seats... all things are cook to order in front of you... so expect a wait!  However, THE WAIT WILL BE WORTH IT!!!Expensive?  Slightly... was it delicious?  You beyond betcha!Would I come back?  I'm planning my next trip around Oyster Bar!~~~
4	no frills, stick to your ribs kind of food that i love. better that they're open 24/7what i ate:- 1/2 dozen raw oysters: the were good. not the best oysters in the world, but the late night 1/2 dozen were fairly cheap so i shared a plate with my friend- pan roast combo: yes yes yes! seafood goodness, creamy, and full of flavor. this is heavy rich food. i was hungry, but i could barely finish half. - sourdough bread: the bread rolls were oh so tasty. perfect to dip into the pan roast combo!pros:- food: the southern food is sooooo soooooo good. seriously, thinking about the pan roast combo and im salivating. even the BREAD is good. if youre sick of all the vegas buffets, please try this place out!- open 24/7. i love vegas!- kirin on tap! with all the heavy thick creamy food, kirin is so tasty - sitting at the bar you can watch them cook your delicious bowl of food right in front of you. try not to drool everywhere while waiting for your foodcons:- first come first serve! its a small bar that seats about 20(???). so, it's not the place to come at prime times to eat! my friend and i came around midnight on a sunday night, and there was about 1 party ahead of us. we still waited a good 15 mins. ive seen the line wayyyyyyyy longer- price: not the cheapest admittedly, but the food is worth the price. trust me. you dont get any frills of a sit down fancy high end restaurant, but the flavor is THERE- $5 split fee on plates.... luckily our server didnt charge us ;)- good things take a while, so be patient. our food took a while to come out, but my friend and i whetted our appetites with some raw oysters- NOT on the strip! its off the strip and the hotel is ghetto and old and filled to the brim with asian people and other seddy clients, but, go for the food! tip: come during OFF hours, probably avoid the weekends. would i come again? YES
5	Shrimp pan roast, oysters, their Michelada (house special), & their Clam Chowder..... WORTH THE WAIT!!!!!!! Just freaking go and order these food.
5	This is one of my FAVORITE favorite places in Vegas. FAVORITE. You won't be sorry for coming here. It's worth the cab ride from the Strip and the long line 24/7 should tell you something. The line can be at least an hour, so make sure you account for that. It's best to come here with a group. Some group members can gamble or go to the casino bar for rounds of drinks while the others hold down your spot, then switch. That's kind of lonely to do with just a couple. What's cool about this place is that when you're next in line, they'll keep the order of the line and not pull smaller parties from behind you because there are less seats available. They'll ask people to move down the bar so that your party can fit. Good beer selection (Shock Top and Widmer included) and also a full bar offered. Service is phenomenal.What to order here are the pan roasts. The Palace Pan Roast has crab, shrimp and sausage, and the Combo Pan Roast has crab, shrimp, and lobster. It's a delicious, creamy, tomato-y, spicy, rich stew with VERY generous seafood and rice on the side. Choose your own level of spice from 1-10. When my leftovers came out of the microwave today, I almost had to change my pants. A friend ordered the Alaskan Chowder, which had fresh clams in the shell on top and generous seafood. One of the best clam chowders I've ever had. Oyster shooters (tequila or vodka) are 3 for $10, and between 4 and 10 is happy hour, with discounted bacon-wrapped shrimp in an incredible sauce (and the shrimp are HUGE), crab cakes, fried calamari, oysters rockefeller, and a few more items. We ordered most of the menu since.... why not? I can't wait to come here any try other items... if I can bring myself to stray from the pan roast. I love this place so much.
4	good food, and drink.  very cozy.
5	A hidden gem. I'm not the type to limit myself to options, but if I had to pick just a few restaurants to eat at for the rest of my life, this place would easily make top 5. I freaking LOVE this place! The portions are large and very shareable, and the food is consistently flavorful and fresh. The staff is super attentive and friendly too--mind you this is just a 24 hour booth thing in a randomish casino off The Strip!Everything is good, but my routine usually includes a bowl of New England clam chowder, an order of (any) pan roast and a dozen oysters.  I always get an order of each of these dishes and split it with a friend.  This is usually plenty of food, and our meals for 2 are about $50 total. The wait time varies, depending on when you come. I always come between 9pm-1am, and the wait is usually about an hour.I once stayed in Vegas for 2 weeks, and after the 5th day, The Strip began to slowly lose its luster.  However, unless the quality of food changes, my love for this place will never dwindle away.P.S. This is my first 5 star review ever. ;)
5	The pan roast is ridiculously fill with rich flavors! The only problem would be deciding if you want it with rice or noodle...I say get both! The ousters are delish too but I always get the pan roast. Whenever I'm in Vegas, I always stop by the Oyster Bar!
5	I was referred to this place by a friend who lives in Vegas. I will say after you are in the glitz and glamour of the strip the outside of the Palace Station will have you second guessing your decision to come there. I actually decided to go during a dog show which made it even more interesting. I was told that there would be a wait but it was worth it. After standing in line for almost an hour and a half I will say that the gumbo i had was one of the best gumbos i have ever tasted. I have friends from New Orleans and this topped theirs. The oysters i had were steamed just right. Horseradish sauce had just the right twang to it. If you have a car in Vegas definately go here. It is even worht the bus and cab ride from the strip.
5	Very small place. Came here for midnight snack, so we fit our party of 9 with no wait. This place is opened 24 hours and is so freaking good.Can't eat seafood? It's ok. They wiill cater the gumbo to meat only.Sad that they ran out of oysters though.Clam Chowder was the best I had, but wish it wasn't so thick.Seafood Gumbo was amazing. Spicyness level 1 to 10. We got 8 and it was a very good amount of heat, but I can taste the seafood.The seafood pasta was so delish too. It's in a hotel off the strip that no one goes too and looks so old, but everyone comes here for Oyster Bar. AMAZING!!!
5	Hotel is old, smelly & ghetto. Restaurant was in an open area; it was weird I was expecting it to be in a normal restaurant setting, but I guess not. Clam chowder was so yummy 10 ptsCombo pan roast is to die for!! 11ptsFYI, if you split the dishes, they charge you an extra $5.
5	Alright everyone let me tell you about this hidden gem located inside the palace station.Service is fair but only cause there is one cook & one waitress. The average wait time is anywhere from 25-40 mins to be seated. Fyi the bar only sits 20 people at a time. Food rating is gosh damn amazing!! The oysters are fresh and cracked open in front of you. The menu is simple from chicken crab shrimp lobster choice gumbo/pasta. Beware of the hotness scale 1-10 10 being hot ass shit! So go with a 4-6 for starters. Price is fair $13.99-26.00 but you get a well worth paid meal but expect to wait for 20 mins to get served. Best part open 24-7 but always busy, so come early evening into early morning.
4	Love this place not necessarily for the oyters but, for the pan roast.  It's a must every time I'm in town and it kills me that there's nothing like it closer to Los Angeles.  I even tried another place in Vegas that was supposed to be the same thing.  Nope, not even close.  Their flavor is unique and delicious.
5	The wife mentioned that she wanted to have some gumbo, so I googled, "best gumbo in las vegas". Oyster Bar at Palace Station came up as the top result. Got there about 9:30pm, but didn't get seated until after 10:30pm. This place is small, (I think it only seats about 15 or so people). Long wait, old smokey casino - what better way to spend your time after a long day at work ;) After finally getting seated, I ordered the Etouffee with a spicy level of 8. Wife got the gumbo. They cook everything in front of you, (by the way, the Filipino cook kinda resembled Deuce Bigalow).  I'm glad I waited because that stuff was off the hook! It was a huge bowl, with a scoop of rice. I managed to inhale the whole thing in about 15 minutes. It was at that time that my wife noticed me eying her gumbo and immediately pulled her bowl away from me - i wanted to finish that one off too! The servers are nice and friendly. The only thing I regret not doing is getting another order to go. My wife couldn't finish hers and took it to go. Unfortunately for her, she woke up late the next morning, and the gumbo was calling my name! I think I'll be going here at least once a month. For those of you who want your kids to experience the food here - too bad, gotta be at least 21 to sit at the bar. Get 'em an order to go.
5	Oyster Bar has always been on the top of my list of places to try in Vegas. I use to come to Vegas two, three, four times a year growing up and never had gotten the chance to try it up until recently. Reason for that, we NEVER wanted to wait in line. Until I finally came up with an idea; which was recent when I came with a group of friends. We decided that the guys could go wander off in the casino and gamble while the girls waited in line to get seated. We came as soon as they opened so the line wasn't too bad, it took about 30 minutes to get seated and since we had a group of six we had to split up and couldn't sit near each other, it was fine though because everyone was coupled up. Husband and I shared:- Palace Pan RoastThis was amazing! If only I knew the ingredients that went into this. The flavor was spot on, the texture was creamy, the rice that was topped over gave it extra texture, loved it.- Dozen OystersIt was fresh, can't go wrong with a dozen- Shrimp CocktailEven though they were jumbo sized shrimp, this entree only came with FOUR pieces of shrimp, was kind of sad about it.I would love to come here again just for their Pan Roast! Totally worth the wait, just depends on how patient one is to wait in line.
5	The pan roast here is one of the best things I've ever eaten in my life!! I don't know anywhere else that makes anything like it. If you know anywhere in the SF Bay Area that comes close to this, please let me know!
5	First thing, it's worth the wait to get excellent fresh seafood at about 1/2 the price of most places.  I went with a colleague from England and although we waited at least 45 min. to get seated at the bar, which seats maybe 16-18, when we got our beers and were anticipating the meal, we were like "that wait was nothing, man!".  Started with a dozen huge gulf oysters on the half shell and they were great!  I had the Bouillabaisse which was a little different to what I'm used to (the broth was a little thicker with more tomato base, and served with rice rather than crusty bread); however it was fabulous indeed, loaded with clams, mussels, big shrimp, pieces of king crab leg, and sea scallops.  Yeah it was good!  My associate had a lobster pan roast, and though I'm not familiar with that, he said it was great as well.  He's not your usual Brit because he grew up in France and loves his seafood too.  It's a good show as well because the chef prepares everything in front of you in these contraptions that are hooked up to some kind of steam system.  Very clever and it works, the chef keeping up a rapid-fire commentary the whole time.  A good show with great seafood at good price, what could be better.  I probably won't be back in LV anytime soon, which is too bad because I'd like to try the gumbo, chowder, and many of the other items on the menu.  Free parking in the casino garage as well.  It's a little off the strip but worth a try for sure.  One more thing, it's right on the casino floor and open 24 hrs so if/when I go back to LV, I'm staying there!
4	Omg, love them love them!!! Their raw oysters and clams are just unbeatable. The lobster pasta and clams pasted were delicious although not as great as my first couple times here ((I think the chief makes a huge difference)) the lobster pasta were a bit too sour this time even though we ordered a spiciness of 6. The clams pasta's soup was not as tasty as before.I would give it a five star if the waiting was a little shorty. The first couple times I went was after midnight and 3-4am :D maybe that's the main reason why there wasn't a long line. Last night, I went there at 8pm and I waited for close to 2hrs....
5	What it is, is awesome food without the hefty price tag.   As everybody has said, the food is worth the wait.  Tried the new england clam chowder, raw oysters and combo pan roast.  Mmmmmmm.  Best clam chowder I've tried, beats even those from the Bay area.  They don't skimp on the seafood and the base for the stew is very tasty.I am surprised that people give bad reviews of this place just because of the service, There's about a million reviews here that say there's a lot of wait time so why are people surprised?  It's a bar, not a michelin-rated restaurant.   The service can be improved, but what can you do?  It's not like any of the staff is slacking.  They definitely work hard and they try to be fast and friendly.Come out mid week around 2 am and you won't wait long.
5	Who wouda thunk?!!!  LOL!  This lil gem is located in the Palace Station Hotel in Vegas...the Palace where in Vegas.  Right?!!!!!!  No one really knows about this divey hotel and casino because it's off the strip...and quite honestly it was very unmemorable to me until now.  I apologize for not taking notice to you Palace Station but you should thank your lucky stars that you are the home of the Oyster Bar.In one of our many girls weekend getaways to Vegas, a friend introduced us to the Combo Pan Roast...what is a Combo Pan Roast you ask?  Well...you can compare it to a seafood stew filled with lobster, shrimp, and crab in beautiful sauce that you can determine how spicy you want it 1-10, of course 10 being the hottest!  My first visit I did a 6 and that was not spicy enough for me, so the second time I did an 8 and it kicked my arse...but it was still delicious!!!  Other must try dishes are the Seafood Jambalaya, House Gumbo and their Alaskan Clam Chowder (not your typical clam chowder because they add lobster to it also...AMAZINGLY GOOD!)  Most dishes are served with the choice of either white rice or pasta.It's in the center of the casino and considered a bar, so no one under 21 is allowed to even eat there.  There is no formal dining area...there's about 12 bar stools that overlook their little kitchen area.  They make their dishes right in front of you too and everything is from scratch.  There's no stove, but a really cool cooking apparatus the allows the chef to make up to 6 dishes at a time if I recall, that is why it may take up to 30 to 45 minutes just to get your food.  They do give you warm sourdough rolls to start that are to die for also, but make sure you make room for all the deliciousness they serve up.  Prices are standard for seafood dishes between $18 - $25.  Beer and wine only I believe, but beer is available on tap.The best time to come if you dare to eat this late or early, depending on how you look at it is around 1:30 in the morning.  Yes, they are open 24 hours!!!  No wait and stools are readily available for you.  The worst time to come is lunch time, dinner time and every hour in between.  You literally have to stand in line and trust me, your wait time can be as long as an hour to an hour and a half depending on the size of your party.  But don't worry, it's definitely all worth it!!!!!!!!!  Make it a priority to try this place on your next visit to Sin City.
5	Combo Pan Roast is seriously one of the best things I've ever tasted. I get it with Level 7 spiciness. Just get it. Don't question it. Just do it! No no, don't get 1 to share with ur BFF, or BF, or Boothang, or Baby, or whatever. Get your own, because trust me you're gonna regret sharing it! Oh and yes, please take advice from your fellow yelpers. Come during weird hours, or else be prepared to wait!!!I would love to move to Vegas just so I can eat there everyday for the rest of my life!! I need to go back! Now!!
5	This place is the Shiznits! It's by far one of THE BEST places I've eaten in Vegas. It used to close at 10 pm but now it's OPEN 24 Frickin hours! If you have been to Vegas and you weren't fortunate enough to find this place or eat here, then you've missed out on something great at Las Vegas. This place is HANDS DOWN Best restaurant that exists in this town. Every single time I go to Vegas, I always get my fix at the Oyster Bar. I'm a Gumbo and Jambalaya person. Nope, not when it comes to OYSTER BAR. I get some Fresh Oysters, then some Clams, and then finish it off with the Best Entree : Ciopinno! It comes with Shrimp, Crabs, Lobster, Cod, Mussels, Clams, etc in a Tomato soup with Rice in it. Crap, I'm drooling just looking at the photos and thinking about it. Yea, it's somewhat pricey, but when it's less than ONE SINGLE BET at a Blackjack table, hell yea it's worth it. Either you can lose $25 bucks at a blackjack table with 1 bet or you can use that money towards a memory you will have for the rest of your life. You can always get Gumbo and Jambalaya elsewhere, but you won't have Cioppino like the Oyster Bar anywhere else. Yes, the WAIT is pretty long. One time we had to wait an Hour for it. But you know that anything worth waiting this long that there's a reason for it. Because it's FRICKIN GOOD! I'm going to Vegas next Monday but I will Definitely be stopping by here yet AGAIN. If you don't try the Cioppino, you're missing out. You can have other dishes, but are you really going to save couple of bucks and get cheaper dishes? This is Vegas. You're blowing hundreds of dollars everywhere else, but this isn't blowing your money. This place is more like investing for some damn good food that you will not regret and forget
5	I've died and gone to shellfish heaven.If you love shellfish and are in Vegas, you MUST come here. The seafood is fresh, it's all made in front of you, and their dishes are nice sized portions chock-full of seafood.The pan roast, the gumbo, and the bouillabaisse were all amazing. AMAZING. This was one of the best dining experiences I've ever had in my life, no lie. And I'm usually a harsh critic.Unless you come late at night, prepare to wait, there is minimal seating and only one cook. I came at midnight and still had to wait 20-30 minutes.
4	WOW, we waited almost 2 hours to be seated. We went around 8:15pm and got seated at around 10:10pm. And we knew exactly what we wanted when we got to our seat since we had been staring at the menu the whole time we were waiting in the line. So we ordered right when got seated, but it took about 45 minutes for us to receive our food because their pan roast takes a while to cook and they were already behind with the orders because they were so packed with people. So this is where they get the minus 1 star. With the food, wow! their oysters are awesome! Their pan roast - even better! I got the combo gumbo and combo pan roast for my husband. We both liked the pan roast better. I got it at 7 because I like it spicy - but honestly, it wasn't spicy enough for me. Clam chowder was good - decent flavor with lots and lots of clams. If you want to eat here, come at a really awkward time... like 3pm or 2am... because we left the bar at around midnight and there were still people waiting in line.
5	So freaking good! Pan roast, clam chowder, oysters, gumbo. Yum Yum!! Very flavorfull, and they are definitely not stingy with their seafood! I always come after hours and I never have to wait!
5	Not much to say about a place with over 500 4.5+ reviews except WOW !  Here is something I cringe to say and really isn't in my vocabulary; "It's worth the wait".We started with Oyster shooters.  They went down quickly while we watched the chef prepare our chowder and gumbo.  My Alaskan New England seafood chowder ($17.99) was full of large shrimp, lobster, and plentiful flaked snow crab along with heavy cream as a thickener rather than potatoes.  This simply could not have been better.My wife had the Combo Pan Roast ($21.99) chocked full of shrimp, crab, and lobster in a creamed tomato base with brandy and a portion of rice.  Hard to believe but it had more seafood than she could eat!  Both items we had are meal sized.Food is cooked right at the counter using small portion sized steam jacketed kettles.  It's a gentle way to cook and very appropriate for the best quality seafood.  The cooking method makes for slow deliberate service but the time spent zooms by watching the cooking and with banter from the chef , server and customers.This was one of the best meals we've ever eaten.  They have 15 to 20 counter seats only (this is not fine dining, just fine eating) and are open 24 hours a day.  Just another reason you gotta love Vegas.
5	Uhh only the best place to eat in Vegas. I'm hesitant to spread the word bc I don't want it to get busy...but oh well. Small bar. Literally a bar in the middle of the casino. There are only about 18 chairs so if you come anytime after 12:30 pm until like 1 am you'll probably wait awhile. There is only one chef and each dish takes awhile to get it ready. If you're into spicy, get a 6 or 7. If you are sensitive, definitely get like a 1 or a 2.Must get a pan roast. If you're not in the mood for that get the boulliabase. S*** is like CRACK YO!
5	And I'm back!The food is still great!But the wait is still long. But i guess that is how you know it is still good. :)I had two dozen of oysters!Boy, it was delicious! So fresh!The gumbo is a bit salty, but I think that's why you eat it with rice. I cannot wait to be back again.--------------------------------------------------------yes, i will def go back!great oystersgreat servicegreat alaskan chowderneed to pick a good time to go, because the wait is pretty long. the food makes it worth it tho.
5	A tiny oyster bar located inside The Palace Station hotel off the strip. There are only 18 seats available so be prepared for a long wait. I've heard great things about this place so it was a must try when in Vegas. I arrived around 10:00 on a Saturday night and wasn't seated till midnight. The 2 hour wait wasn't that bad since I was running back and forth to the Irish pub across the way for drinks. I opted for the Palace Pan Roast with shrimp, crab, chicken and andouille sausage level 8 spicy. HOLY MOLY, this dish was super delicious!! Every bite was pure creamy heaven with succulent shrimps and the flavorful andouille sausage just made it that much better. I licked my bowl clean. It was that good and totally worth the 2 hour wait.
5	Honestly folks this place is where it's at. Shellfish heaven is right. Watching them make it in front of you is definitely the way to go (get used to it if you eat nothing but sushi). The food is all fresh and nothing but deliciousness. Plenty of sauces to choose from as well so don't short yourself by being "normal", give everything a try you'll be surprised.
2	I love oysters and when I seen the almost 5 stars it was a must try. We came on a Tuesday around 4 pm and got 2 seats right away. We sat for at least 10 minutes before getting service...they could have at least acknowledged us! We ordered raw oysters which were good, the pan roast and gumbo. Gumbo was awful and unbearably salty!!!!! Pretty much unedible. The pan roast was just ok....I don't get how this place has such great reviews????
4	The wait is long. Walter White aka Heisenberg works here during night shifts. Don't make him mad.
4	What more is there to say that everyone else hasn't? I have wanted to come here for years, finally did by booking a weekend at Palace Station with my mom (boy does the casino blow, but that's another review).We didn't have to wait at all on a Friday, got there around 6pm. Got a half a dozen raw oysters and clams each, sweet waitress gave it to us for the price of a dozen oysters to save money.Bottle of white wine was under $30.I got the gumbo, mom got the crab pan roast. I had serious food envy...we both got it at a 5/10. Sat next to a kid and his mom that lived in town and he got a 10! Boy was it fun to watch him eat that slowly. Total meal...less than $100, in Vegas that's a steal.We went back the next day to split a house pan roast, got a 6/10...depending on who cooks it for you the heat level can vary with the numbers. If you are unsure just get a lower number, you can always spice it up. We also got a crab cake...there are happy hour prices, it was yum.I might be back for lunch next month when I am in Vegas again...yeah it's that good.
5	oysters on the shell = fresh! yummy!combination pan roast = DELICIOUS!11pm, friday night, 30 mins wait = Wished  the wait time was shorter. But then again I don't live in a perfect world :)overall = YUMMY!
5	We were here for our annual golf week with the guys and we went here right after golf the first and second day.  For some of us, this is a new experience, others we know Bob and Maggie pretty well.  We are there Wed/Thurs/Fri at around 3 pm. Usually, there is a wait to get one of the twenty seats on this Oyster bar.  The wait can get up to an hour or more.  Most of the time we get seats next to each other.  Sometimes not.   But it doesn't matter since it is a small bar where you can hear everyone's conversation.  And that's the fun of this place.  Everyone gets to talk to each other on where you are from to our poor golf game.  Maggie will take your order and Bob will cook it.  Be nice or they will ignore you, or give you crap.  Either way be nice.  The cooking station is right in front of you.  The gumbo and pan roast are the staples of this bar.  First timers should go for the pan roast with a high of 5 on the heat scale.  They will ask what heat you want mild ( 1 ) to hot ( 10 ).  Don't be a fool and go for 10.  It will be more than you want.  8 is as high as real people go.  Lower than 5, Bob will give you the "wimp" look.  The station can cook up to six at a time, so do the math.  Twenty seats, six at a time.  This is why you order oysters on the half or other fillers.Oysters on the half are shucked right there.  Be nice again.  Bob does the shucking.  They also have clam steamers, mussels, and shrimp.  There' s wine and beer on tap. The grand total will be less than you think.  A dozen oysters at $19, Pan roast at $20, drinks at $3.50.  It will be one of the best and one of the cheapest meal you had in Vegas.  Specials from 1am to 9am, oysters are $8.99 a dozen and 16oz Buds are $2They are open 24 hours.  So get there
5	This place is a must stop.  Every time I go to Vegas I come here.  Great oysters, cold beer, and great pan roast.  Long wait but you can make your friend stand in line while you gamble.  The casino minimums are lower here. =)
5	The best pan roast I have ever had.
5	Best place in town for oysters. Always big, fresh and cold. The pan roast is amazing. As long as Ricardo is the chef making it.  I've been there other times when he wasn't there and the food wasn't as good and the atmosphere not as fun. He definitely makes the place.  The wait in line is the only downside.  Sometimes an hour wait on weekend nights.  But with good friends around time goes by fast.
5	The oysters were great, the presentation was nice. I like being in the mix so the location was great for people watching without being totally overwhelmed. We has great calamari, fried oysters, lobster, and a couple of mixed drinks and beer for $95 bucks. It was all tasty, fresh and you got lots for your money.
5	Fresh Oysters from 1AM to - 9AM.  Comes with a spicy cocktail sauce which was amazing. Palace Pan Roast - first time trying it and loved it! went back for more the next day! YUMM!!!
5	This place is delicious! I love the pan roast! I always crave this stuff  but unfortunately they don't have one when I live in San Diego. Hopefully they will open one there one day! Yes, there's usually a wait but it's definitely worth it. Due to the limited seating, Its best to go in groups of 2 or 3. Enjoy!
3	All the yelp reviews made me dream of going to this place for a couple weeks.  I went at around 5pm on a Thursday and only waited about 5 minutes to get a couple seats.  I thought the service and setting was neat and with only 1 chef and 1 waitress, I thought they did a pretty good job with the service.  I also loved the draft beer selection.The food wasn't as mind blowing as the yelp reviews would lead you to believe.  We tried a few different things and here is my rating on each:Oyster Vodka Shooter 2/5 - Lousy bloody mary mix.New Zealand Mussels 2/5 -the liquid was weak and watery but the mussels were fresh and tasty.  The bland liquid ruined it for me.1/2 Dozen Oysters 5/5 - AWESOME, I will go back just for these.  Huge and fresh.Combo Pan Roast 4/5 - The seafood was cooked perfectly, but the flavor was missing just a little something for me.Shrimp Scampi 2/5 - Shrimp was beautiful but the sauce was unbearably weak.  This may be the worst scampi I have ever had.I am hoping to go back when there is a different chef and maybe the food will be more flavorful.
5	Holy cow! I think I had the best oysters I have had in my life here. THEY ARE HUGE juicy, plump, and tasty in all the right ways! There is usually only one chef per shift so be ready to be patient as it is usually packed. Regardless it is worth waiting for but bring your appetite! I had the house combo gumbo and maybe finished 1/4 of it because the portions are huge. I have also tried their combo jumbalaya which also deserves two thumbs up!
5	Pan Roast! Oh Wow! I had never heard of a pan roast until I had it here and it was delicious.  I came to eat here at around 3 am on a saturday night and the line was so long. We waited about an hour but that is pretty much standard for this place, sometimes even longer. There aren't that many seats but the wait is totally worth it. I ordered a spicy shrimp pasta and my friend got the Pan Roast and a bloody mary. The pasta was pretty yummy but that pan roast just outshines everything on the menu. This has since become a favorite place of mine.
5	This is one of Vegas' hidden gems! I totally love this place!! Open 24 hours, we came here at 2am and waited in line for about 40mins to get seated. This is a bar inside the casino which could accomodate about 20 people max at a time. There's only two people working here, Chef EZ cooking and Steve serving, so expect to wait for your food to be ready. They have the steam kettles in front of you on the bar so you can watch how your food is prepared. Both these guys are so cool! They engage in conversation with you no matter how busy they are and it really makes for a more personal experience. Food here is AMAZING!! Probably the best oysters I've had, EVER! It's sooooo fresh, chunky, and succulent. I can still taste it in my mouth. Hmmmmmm... For half a dozen, it's normally $11.99 but from 1am-9am, you can get it for $8.99. Score!! PAN ROAST..what can I say? I'm still dreaming about this dish. I'm already planning my next trip to Vegas for more! Got the Combo Pan Roast which comes with lobster, shrimp, and crab. They're all sauteed with brandy, cream, and tomato then served with rice. You can opt to get the noodles for $1.99 extra which I did. I personally think it's a better match but you can taste and decide for yourself because they serve the rice with it on the side no matter what. It's a bit on the pricey side but you get what you pay for. Serving is big and you'll really see the actual seafood mixed in there. There were about 3 whole lobsters, 7 whole shrimps, and crab meat everywhere on my bowl! I shared this dish and we still had some leftovers. The Alaskan chowder smelled and looked so delicious!! I"ll have to try that on my next visit. Can't wait!!!
4	Excellent Pan Roast and fresh oysters! I rate this little gem to serve better cajun cuisine than in New Orleans. Everything is cooked with care and patience in front of you while you wait. The staff has always been nothing but friendly. The only downside is the lack of seating. A few extra tables around the bar wouldn't hurt. Overall, the long wait is worth the excellence of the meal.
5	I read the review and came here a few years back when we had an all girls vegas trip. It was supser gooooood. I came here again with my bf last year and it was still super delish! I usually come around 1030 in the morning or 3pm to avoid the crazy long line. The chef is pretty funny and have to try the linguini :D
4	Went to the Oyster bar on a Tuesday about 6pm. waited in line for about a 1/2 hour.The seating is very limited. about 15 chairs at the Oyster Bar.I assume they constantly have a line and you can easily wait up to an hour, in line.The night we went , they had 1 cook and 1 cashier.We ordered a drink and fresh oysters to start. The Oysters were pretty good and the beer was cold and the bread was warm.About 30 minutes later our food came. My lobster roast had plenty of lobster and it had a good flavor, The other dish had way to much chicken and not enough seafood, it was average.Normally I would have given them a three, but the cook and the cashier were really busting their ass to get the food out, shuck oysters, serve drinks, clean the bar, do refills and seat people.And they were doing it with a smile.The supervisor  came around several times and say them in the weeds and kept going.[What a twit].I think if they had another worker, everything would be excellent and they wouldn't have to rush everything and constantly run their ass off non stop.So many of the casinos are really cutting back and its really killing the place.If my employees get slammed, I am right in the middle of it busting my tail with them.Not standing back like some managers and ignoring the problem.
5	Freshest Oyster's I have ever had, a bit pricey at 20$ for a dozen but well worth it. Open 24 hours but on Friday and Saturday it is packed as there are only 16 seats, so be prepared to wait, a little awkward because you watch the people at the bar eat and getting hunger by the minute.I ordered the Combo Pan Roast it was great! We did get caught at change of shift and I would suggest you get there around 6pmn (Chef EZ), the chef is better and it isn't as busy! Plan on bringing my wife back for the Shrimp Scampi and have some fresh yummy oyster's!!
4	This was my first time & was very excited because I had heard great things about this place. The wait was about an hour & a half since there is limited seating & only 2 men working. The Pan Roast is absolutely delicious; I tried it at the spiciness level 6 & it was just right. We also tried the House Gumbo but were disappointed; it was extremely salty. The service is friendly & they move as quickly as they can given their space & capability. I will definitely be visiting this place again.
5	Palace pan roast + Half a dozen oysters after 1am. So worth the wait !
4	mmmm. Pan Roast - seafood for me. Rice on the side! :) I get it as a "5" right in the middle of the spice level. Try the oyster shooter w/ bloody mary mix. I dare you. mmm. so yummy. And wash it down with some beer. C'mon it's a 21 + place anyways. Enjoy the food.The thing is everyone does things differently here. If you watch the chefs - some are taking his sweet a$$ed time (however, I heard his food tastes the best) and some would just burn yours (like mine, but still was delish!)I'm not sure if it's because they don't have enough room and stuff - or what. We were about 10 ppl behind, but yet still took us about 2.5 hours before getting seated. Doesn't matter what time you show up, because there is always someone in line and  waiting and have been waiting. We got there around 12:30 am, didn't sit down and order until 4am. However, as usual, the food was way worth it.
5	Food takes a while to cook, there's only 18 seats at the bar. Even though you could be the first person in line, if your timing's off and they just seated a round of people, you could easily wait 45 mins being the first person in line. Now onto the food. DELICIOUS!!! I ordered the Combo Pan Roast at a level 6. It's got just a lil bit of a kick that tickled. Crab crab crab everywhere in the dish! If anything, I needed more rice to match the sauce. I didn't really know what kinda seafood Oyster Bar was going to be since my friend just suggested it without knowing himself. Now that we've eaten there, I would say this is a Cajun joint.
4	Arrived here at zero dark thirty and waited in line for about 40 minutes.  I ordered a half dozen oysters, and the Combo Pan Roast .  The oysters were fresh, plump, and delicious.  The Pan Roast was decadent and very good.  I'll be back.
5	4am...drunk..hungry...waiting in a line with only a few people ahead of you yet you still have to wait over an hour to get a seat while watching other drunk people eat slowly is such torture... but the gumbo is SO WORTH IT. so full of amazing flavor and fresh seafood and you get to pick your own spiciness level from 1-10. the servers/oyster shuckers are also super nice
5	What can I say this place is a true Vegas hidden gem. One of those place you have to visit if your in the mood for great seafood. I always get the house gumbo spicy 8-10 depending on the chef cooking. It's a small bar with maybe 15 seats so get there early if your going around lunch time or its open 24 hours a day so go when it's less busy. A must try if your in town.
2	Okay. So I really wanted to love the food from this place becauseof all of the wonderful, raving reviews, but just didn't. Waited in line for approximately an hour before being seated at the bar, but reallywasn't bothered by the wait because the majority of reviews said that thefood was worth it. Ordered a half dozen of oysters on the half shell,and thought they were just mediocre- yes, they were very meaty, but I missedthe saltiness/brine of traditional east coast oysters. Ordered the combo panroast with shrimp, crab, and lobster, and it was just mediocre too. While I found the food to be just, meh, the staff was lovely andworked very hard to please their customers. Would I come backto this oyster bar again on a return visit to vegas, no,but I'm glad I tried it because I would have always wondered if Iwas missing out otherwise. Now I know that I will not be missing out.Save your time and money for something else.
5	24-Hr, 16-seat counter, Oyster bar and seafood restaurant within the casino floor of the Palace Station. Prepare for a line, if there's a dozen people in line, you're looking at a wait of 1 to 1.5 hours easily. Generally came here at night, my first time midnight with a group of friends, and we didn't eat until 2am. And if you are sensitive to cigarette smoke, it will be a good idea to take turns with a friend to wait because it gets smokey there and no where to go. Go for the oyster shooters, round of fresh oysters (may be a bit sandy, but fresh), round of fresh clams (if you never tried it before, try it, 1 out of 5 of us in the group liked it in the end), and definitely go for the pan roast (gumbo style soup with choice of seafood, chicken, sausage, or other meats) and served with bread and rice. 1 pan roast easily feeds 2. Bread is complimentary and so so good, so be sure to ask for more. The pan roast has a coconut milk flavor to it which gives it a great richness as well. Definitely well worth the wait and always a point of destination each time we are in Vegas.
5	A friend of my husband's insisted we come here.  I knew of the place after he described it because often times I would see a line of people waiting to eat here.  We waited I would say an hour and let me just say it was worth it.  Pan Roast!  I crave it just thinking about Las Vegas.  First time we went there we had the crab pan roast which was great.  After that my husband and I tried the other pan roasts, all excellent.  We also had the steamed clams, which again were great.  Time to go is off-peak hours, we did not wait very long at about 2 a.m. and there was no line at all about 2 p.m.
5	I have been coming here for ten years and it has never been a disappointment. The bread is the best in Vegas. I can eat the Crab Cocktail everyday. Great clam chowder and fantastic seafood stew. Very reasonably priced. Highly recommend this place.
5	I talk about the pan roast when I'm nowhere near Las Vegas.   It's literally a top five meal in my life.Palace Station is out of the way, yes (a 10-minute drive from the Strip), and while it's a decent casino, there's probably no other reason for me to go here, except for that pan roast.There will be a wait, and it most likely be long.  Even in the early afternoon hours, post-midnight, most anytime of day really at this 24 hour bar will see a full seating of patrons.  There's typically just two folks behind the counter, the cook and the host, who cleans and seats and takes orders.  Even though there will be open seats on occasion, they know when they have the bandwidth to take on new people.  So stand tight, and just wait the agonizing wait.Once you get seated, enjoy the sparse but tasty menu.  There's a lot of interesting seafood stews - gumbos, jambalayas, etoufee.  Someday, I might try them.But I quickly fall into the same order - dozen oysters and combo pan roast (shrimp, crab and lobster).  The oysters are generally huge and whet the appetite.  The pan roast (0-10 in heat, I get the 2), full of seafood, is creamy and rich, which can be cut through with a scoop full of rice on the side.  Be warned that it comes piping, mouth scalding hot.It always looks like it is too much food, but I can't bear to see any part of this stew not eaten.Then I leave Vegas, and think about the next time I can have it again.
5	i had no expectations for this little stop in the corner of the Palace station casino.  Boy was i in for a treat!  The gumbo here matches anything i've had at numerous french quarter restaurants in New Orleans.  Its simply supurb!!  I got level 7 spice and that was fantastic.  Full of flavor with every bite.Simply put, i could not have gotten more if i was trying.My ONLY complaint is the place is simply TOO small...i can see lines reaching 20 deep at times.  i full restaurant would do fantastic business.i expect to be a repeat customer here!
5	Oyster Bar is heaven. It's the reason I last came to Vegas with the bf. Yes, we went to Vegas primarily to eat at Oyster Bar. There just isn't anything around LA that's comparable. I LOVE the Shrimp and Lobster Fra Diablo. It's the best. Last time I was a little adventurous and tried the Etoufee, but just wasn't feeling it. It wasn't bad; I just think the Fra Diablo is a tad better. Maybe it's the pasta. Spiciness level I get is 4. I've had the 6 before and it was a bit too much for my tongue. Don't go with a big party. It'll be almost impossible to fit more than a party at 4 when the bar only seats like 16-20 at most. Plus, you'll get dirty looks from the other people in line. Seriously. Especially if you're waiting in line and 4 of your buddies join you. (That's what happened with the big party in front of us). People were making comments such as: "Oh hell no!" and "Did they just cut"? It was funny. The longest I've waited would be probably an hour and a half for lunch. I would say go earlier like at 10a or 11a to beat the crowd.  You MIGHT get lucky. Might.
4	The only reason I don't give 5 stars is the waiting time.  Be ready to stand in line for around an hour and then wait like 1/2 an hour more to get your food.  Everything I've tried here is amazing.  If you love Seafood, hearty meal, food with personality, this is the right place.  One of my favorite restaurants in town.  Excellent food, great customer service, good price....just the wait! - worth it at the end!
5	This is my favorite place to eat in Vegas. The long wait in line is oh so worth it. I can not to wait to eat there next week.
5	Hands down, no joke...most delicious pan roast you'll ever find! It was fantastic! What is a pan roast you ask? The combo pan roast includes shrimp, crab, and lobster in a tomato based creamy gumbo like stew served with a scoop of rice. It is AMAZING! The portion is huge, big enough for 2 ppl to share. But many people order their own bowl. The jambalaya was pretty good, but I'd rather order another pan roast. You get to choose a spicy level, 1 being the least spicy and 10 being the most. I can't eat anything that's too spicy, a little bit of kimchi, a squirt of sriracha, a dash of tabasco, a tiny bag of flamin' hot Cheetos are just about the best I can do.  I was able to taste the difference in the spicy level between a 3 and a 4, i can't imagine what a 10 would taste like.Their Alaskan chowder looked good too, the person next to us ordered it and I must say it's well worth the wait. We had to wait over an hour for a seat. There are only about 15 or 16 seats at the bar and that's it! So you can imagine how long you'll have to wait. There are only 6 cooking stations too, so order your appetizers and beer to hold you over if you're starving! I know I was after a 4 hr drive from LA! Great place to eat for sure! I am definitely coming back! I know there's a place in Chino that serves the same thing, the Broiler, I will try there next time.  It's closer to LA than Vegas.
4	Inside Palace Station just west of the 15. Wait was 1:50--- almost 2 full hours in a very humble line. Place is like 16 bar stools and downhome touches everywhere( to be read as super old, bit dumpy. i.e. u will queue up next to a cig vending machine and other unsightly things).LOUISIANA oysters:12 for $19. Gumbo was $22...$5 for sharing. Worth it?! Yes...and no.Fresh, tasty, but is it "blow me away, I would wait again for the same amount of time for their food?"  Don't think so. Hm...prolly NAY.Oysters not very briny...no real marine sea flavor. But soft, smooth...huge! Gumbo is prepped with customer ordering heat level of 1-10. .#5 was his choice. Too hot for me.Btw, a bowl very comfortable feeds 4 people. We regrettably left half the bowl uneaten. "Rouxed" that fact :)Ricardo is a beast at the helm!$13 taxi fare from Wynn/Encore, so cant imagine how much fare would be from the central portion of the Strip!!
4	Definitely a gem in Las Vegas! Especially considering it's off the strip and in an old hotel/casino like Palace Station. There is literally about 20-25 seats so if you do not want to wait, I recommend coming at odd times (non-lunch/dinner hours). I came around 10:30AM and sat down immediately. My friends came at 5PM and sat down immediately as well. If you come during busy hours (lunch/dinner times), you can expect to wait about 1-2 hours.Definitely get the fresh oysters! It is sooo delicious and they literally shuck 'em in front of ya- so it's definitely fresh. They toss all the bad ones and they're pretty experienced with that.The pan roast and bouillabaise are extremely delicious. The pan roast has a more creamy sauce with seafood, whereas the bouillabaise has more of a tomato broth with seafood. I must say, it does come with a lot of seafood, I thought it was worth it for the price. This place is very comparable to The Broiler in Chino Hills (CA), which I really like as well. For most of the entrees, you can order spiciness from 1-10 (10 being most spicy), and it does get very hot. Usually above a 5 makes it difficult for you to enjoy the meal, but if you have the stomach of steel, by all means, do it! hahaThe chef and worker have quite a personality, they can be jokesters and quite entertaining. However, the waittress I had was a little rude... maybe I just caught her on a bad day (which explains why I did not give it a 5 star rating).
5	We stayed at the Cosmopolitan and trekked across Las Vegas just to go to Oyster Bar- this place is crazy good, worth the wait, worth every penny, and worth going to Palace Station for the afternoon.
5	Heartily Delicious! Had a dozen of oysters and a dozen of clams as we patiently waited for our house pan roast and house gumbo.  The meal was very satisfying.
5	I never would have ventured to Palace station, let alone Oyster bar had my school not set me up to stay the weekend here for a school/work thing. But my fate was in good hands. Our first night at Palace station we wandered the hotel to see what goodies it had to offer. I noticed the small, but crowded Oyster bar and the corresponding line. Checked it out on Yelp, and decided I would have a meal here before the weekend was over. On my last day, the bf and I had the pleasure of dining here. We shared a combo pan roast and had a half dozen oysters. Oysters were shucked in front of our very eyes and were delicious, fresh, and succulent. There is a decent wait for the pan roast which explains the constant line here. Each order is individually cooked (or should I say roasted) in this contraption thingy. I don't have a better explanation for what that thing is so you'll just have to come and see it for yourself! It is a very entertaining process to watch. The pan roast had a mix of seafood and has a tomato-bisque-like taste, but think more creamy, more melt-in-your-mouth goodness. One bowl was more than enough for sharing. Although I may have been seen licking my bowl at the end, and that's only because I couldn't get enough. Our waitress was delightful and pretty comical. She suggested an extra scoop of rice since we were sharing the pan roast, an excellent suggestion on her part. I'll have to remember to come here again the next time I'm in Vegas since it is a bit off the beaten path. I really just wanted to use that phrase. Well really this is a good 10-15 minutes west of the strip, definitely a cab ride or short drive away from an excellent meal!
5	We decided to check this place out on a recent trip to Vegas and I'm so glad we did.  It's now at the top of my list of go-to restaurants and places to eat at when I'm in Vegas. The oyster bar is very small, maybe only seats about 18-20 people.  It's open 24-7 and we decided to go for lunch on a Saturday during 4th of July weekend.  I thought we would for sure be waiting for at least 45 minutes to an hour when we got there but I was really surprised that they actually had 4 seats available and we went around 11:30am!  We ordered a dozen fresh oysters and the Combo Pan Roast with Rice.  The oysters are the biggest oysters that I've ever seen.  They are huge!  They were really good and fresh since he shucks them for you right there.  We had four people and we each ordered a Combo Pan Roast to split between 2 people.  It was absolutely amazing!!  We ordered a spicy level of 5 which wasn't spicy enough for us.  I love spicy, my husband can take an average spicy and he didn't think 5 was spicy enough so next time we will probably go to order a 7.  The Combo Pan Roast comes with chunks of chicken, sausage and seafood.  It tastes like a creamy tomato stew but filled with spices and yummy goodness.  It's best to mix with rice.  It comes with one serving of rice but if you split it, they charge an extra $5 for a second plate of rice.  The best part of it is that it's not too salty which can be a product of some pan roasts.   I saw a couple order the Clam Chowder which looked amazing and I saw someone else order the gumbo, which looked equally amazing.  Next time, I'm saving up my stomach to order the gumbo as well as going back to get the Pan Roast and then if I have room I will try the Clam Chowder.  When we left around 12:30pm, the line was long and there were a ton of people waiting.  Glad we beat the crowd but I would gladly wait in line any day for this.  It's totally worth it!
4	Awesome seafood!!
4	"Please, please, please, no more fish liver, fish sperm, baby eels, crab innards,  shrimp brains, or live octopus.  I wanna pick where we eat today."  whines my Midwest poker bud to a group of three Asian guys."OK, OK, where we going?"  I ask choking back laughter at his whining."Oyster Bar.  Palace Station." is all he says."Cool".  Leaning towards my buds, "Did we really feed him fish sperm?"  Nodding of heads and an explosion of laughter settles the matter.Very Important:1.  There is always a line.  Expect a wait.2.  Don't go expecting perfectly cooked, diverse selection of the best seafood.  It's about flavorful dishes from the 1970's and 1980's made from everyday stuff.That said, fresh, nondescript oysters on the half shell with cocktail sauce and horseradish.  Overcooked but typical shrimp cocktail with an OK cocktail sauce (dump the horseradish in from the oysters to pump it up).  Chewy, but tasty, overcooked little necks.Mains are straightforward.  Pan roasts (shelled, over cooked lump crab, shrimp and lobster in an old school brandy infused tomato cream sauce) and Gumbos (same over cooked seafood with andouille sausage and okra thickened with a red brick roux) both served with everyday steamed rice are good eats for sure.   Along with the seafood jambalaya, plain ole good comfort food.Unfortunately the bouillabaisse and SF classic, Cioppino really miss the mark.  It's hard to enjoy dishes that have been perfected and widely available elsewhere.  Sorry but the use of previously frozen cod, over cooked clams, mussels, headless shrimp and previously steamed crab doesn't cut it.  The sweet, flavorful juices from the shrimp heads and crab are missing and heck, it's just more fun to pick at and suck seafood out of the shell.Straight forward, simple beer and wine list.  Inexpensive; 2x retail.  Efficient service.The food is only three stars.  A fourth awarded because this IS a Vegas institution (cheers Godzilla X.)
2	This was totally a yelp find and based on the reviews we were encouraged to wander off the strip.  In short - excellent food (Combo Pan Roast!) and the staff behind the bar are great!What you need to know about waiting in line - there are only about 20 seats at the bar.  A single person standing in the line could potentially be holding seats for a total of 6 people - this is what we experienced...We had maybe 5 people a head of us, which I saw as a reasonable wait...  then the dude infront of us turns into 6 - five people casually walk up and step into the line.  Im not going to sugar coat it... I questioned what they thought they were doing and then generally lost my shit...  our dinner got completely bamboozled by some discourteous dicks and Palace Station allowed it to happen.  We ultimately all sat down at the same time  (because I raised hell), but we had to wait for every one of those clowns to be served before we got anything - dinner took forever...Manager explained that it is Palace Station policy to let people hold space in line for a total of 6 folks.  I understand for a larger restaurant, but the Oyster Bar has 20 freaking seats... I call bullshit!
5	This place is stand out! One of the highlights of my weekend. Worth the short drive off the strip. Compliments to Ricardo, the chef on duty last night. We will be back.
4	4.5*Goodness gracious, is there always a line here? We waited 2+ hours on a Monday evening, off-peak, and non-holiday weekend. Ate dinner at 10 PM =( You have been forewarned! Limited seating (~16 seats), and only 12 people in line when we first got there.This being my first time here, I just followed suit. We all got the combo pan roasts (in varying degrees of spiciness), which is one of their most popular dishes. I wanted to try the gumbo, but my friend said it wasn't as good as the pan roast - oh well, next time. Verdict? Excellent! 1 shared between two girls was perfect. We were full and satisfied, and we're big eaters too! The guys, who each had their own pan roast, were in pain for an hour afterwards because they didn't share yet had to eat every last drop because we're Asian. Mwahahaha.Oysters on the half shell were large and juicy, but not as creamy as I like. The best oysters are still found in the NW, sigh. I didn't care much for the bread but it made for good dipping.TIP: Ask for the rice on the side if you don't plan to eat it all, otherwise they automatically add it to the roast and because of all the cream sauce, it's hard to differentiate if the leftovers are unnecessary carbs from rice or a tasty piece of seafood you accidentally left behind.
5	It literally is an Oyster bar... there are at most 20 seats in the place. The chef is a man of few words, but boy... he can cook amazing seafood. I had fresh oysters and Jambalaya. The oysters are fresh, sweet and quite meaty. The Jambalaya has a lot of seafood in it. I went with a 7 on spice... I will try a 5 next time. It was making me a bit teary eyed, but it was so good. As I was finishing my mean, I saw him cook a "pan roast", even though their portions are huge and I was stuffed. I got hungry again. Whatever they add on that pan roast smells so good. If you sit in the center seats of the bar, the food is being cooked no more then 4 feet in front of you. You will want to eat everything. I would highly recommend coming with several people, ordering several dishes and sharing them family style. There is a $5 split charge if you share a dish between two people... and the dishes are large enough to share between two people. If you order oysters, they seem to wave the split charge... so it may just be one dish per person to avoid the split charge... in any case. You get to see the chef cook your meal right in front of you.
4	First off if you do not mind waiting in line then you will be fine it is a very limited seating you are simply sitting at a bar. i went there on a Monday night and at first you would think yes that should be okay but i was wrong there. it took me and my mom about an hour and a half to be able to be sat and by that time i was more tired that i waited and nearly done with the place. so that really was not good and the cleaner would of been able to get two groups in if he simply cleaned up really quickly after the group before left but he waited nearly 20 minutes before cleaning. Second once i was able to sit down things started to get much better the rolls that they start you off with were not the best but was good enough to make you at least not get up and walk away from the anger of waiting,third the cook seemed to be so out of his mind i was scared to even watch him and wait to see what he was doing but i have to say it was funny to a point to watch this person that looked to be drugged out and out of his mind make food. finally we come to the main course and i have to say it was well worth the wait i got the house gumbo and it was very good i have to say tho that the combo pan roast that my mom ordered was even better and i would recommend going there any time you are in the area i plan on going back next time i have two hours to wait in line because tho the wait may make you want to shoot yourself in the face in the end it is all worth it. the only reason it does not get 5 stars it because they lack of speed they cleaned at but other then that i can get over the wait for such great food.
5	LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE! I love all the dishes here. So far I have tried, Cioppino, bouillabaisse, all the pan roasts, raw oysters/clams (so fresh and the cocktail sauce is so yummy). It's a must try when you are in Vegas. Tip: moonlight specials (1-6am I think) - *bloody mary $3.50 soooo goood and $2 budlight.Shoutouts to Steve aka Heisenberg and Holloman!
5	Awesome food and a friendly staff! Can't wait to come back
5	this place is amazing! i came here through the recommendation of a friend while staying at the palace station this weekend and let me tell you the wait (yes there's always a wait) is SO WELL WORTH IT. everything was seasoned to perfection the oysters were fresh, and the staff was incredible and hilarious. so sad i didn't have a fridge in my room to keep my leftovers but i'll be returning again for sure!
4	I came here with super high expectations. Maybe it was too hyped for me that when I ate it I thought to myself "oh? this is it?" I did enjoy watching the chefs throw the seafood, seasoning and cream into the kettle and cook it. I ordered the palace pan roast which has crab, shrimp and lobster. Mmm I loved the bits of seafood in the creamy tomato broth and ate it with rice. Delicious! But is it worth the 1-2 hr wait? Not really. Tips*Limited seating (18 seats) so you may have to wait awhile during lunch/dinner hrs*There is a $5 splitting charge if you decide to split a pan roast or something & they give you an extra scoop of rice
5	Whatever you do, WAIT in line, it's worth every expensive penny!
5	Be prepared for a pretty long wait. Very limited seating. Amazing pan roast and good seafood.The pan roast is big enough for two people but they charge a $5 plate sharing fee. Staff is so much fun and very friendly. Makes up for what may be a long wait for your food.
5	Awhile some of my friends kept talking about how good Oyster Bar was, so I decided to go to Harrah's to check it out. I was confused by their recommendations because the menu there was mediocre. At least the oysters were delicious. It turns out I was going to the WRONG one! My girlfriend and I were so excited to check this place out that we decided to leave the club early to eat here.This place is called Oyster Bar for a reason. It's only a bar consisting of 14-18 chairs, so you can imagine that standing in line can take a long time. It took about 1 hour for us to get seated when there were only about 4 groups ahead of us.Food:1) Oysters of the day is a great appetizer. They were very fresh and large. I've actually haven't seen oysters this big. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oyster-bar-las-vegas-2?select=FDG_fUoUjs-KavTq8D0Hng#JkeczflLv7omKCAepuho0Q2) Pan Roast Level 8 Spicy had a decent kick, but not enough to satisfy my spicy Asian taste buds. I think I'll go for level 10 next time. The tomato cream sauce was so creamy and savory that I couldn't put my spoon down. The portions here were so large that I had to take it to go despite my large appetite.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oyster-bar-las-vegas-2?select=FDG_fUoUjs-KavTq8D0Hng#SdiA6-GgqYBGLTXtsph7pQ3) Gumbo - out of the few times I've tried gumbo, the gumbo here would have to be the best out of those experiences. The red brick roux was by far the best. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oyster-bar-las-vegas-2?select=FDG_fUoUjs-KavTq8D0Hng#Mdd4OMnfoQf_Z8YFx5krig
5	I've heard lots of great things about this place, and how it's so popular that sometimes, there is a long wait time (3-4 hrs). My first thought was .. That's f@$&ing ridiculous. I don't even like oysters. But one of my good friends persuaded me to check this place out, and I'm so glad she took me :) i hear the pan roast is really good.. But I decided to get the gumbo instead. Omg, it's the best gumbo I've ever tasted. Everything is made fresh, and right in front of you. It's an intimate spot, and a great experience. I totally underestimated this place at first, but now I totally get why this place is so high in demand. I still wouldn't wait 3-4 hours for it. I'd rather go really early to avoid it.Will definitely be back!
5	Being from San Francisco, I'm pretty picky about seafood. With that said, this place is INCREDIBLE. Who would have thought that you could find such amazing seafood in the middle of the desert? I was recently in Las Vegas for a conference, and my boyfriend and I came here two nights in a row. The first was a Saturday night/Sunday morning around 5 a.m, and we probably waited about an hour for a spot at the 18-seat bar. There was no wait at around the same time the next night. My boyfriend is super impatient and hates to wait for anything, but even he declared that the food was totally worth it. The two servers were super efficient and personable. I didn't catch their names; one just told me to call him "baby" and the other looks like Walter White from Breaking Bad, albeit a million times less grumpy. For starters, we had a dozen oysters on the half shell ($17.99 from 1-9 a.m.) and the New England clam chowder ($7.99 a bowl). The oysters were fresh and perfectly briney, and the cocktail sauce had a nice horseradish kick to it. The clam chowder was way better than the over-hyped Boudin, in my opinion, with big chunks of meaty clams. The sourdough rolls they served with the meal went perfectly with the chowder.For our entrees, we split the combo pan roast ($21.99) and the bouillabaisse ($23.99). Boyf really enjoyed the bouillabaisse; a "classic French stew with onions, celery, shrimp, crab, lobster, cod, mussels and clams." He's a huge carnivore, and this dish was packed with seafood in a light spicy broth. For me, the pan roast stole the show; a rich, almost creamy sauce with huge chunks of jumbo shrimp, clams, and lobster. While not as meat-heavy as the bouillabaisse, the sauce was simply amazing with the heaping scoop of rice that accompanied each portion. Another tip - when they ask how hot you want it, maybe err on the more mild side. I love spicy food and I put Sriracha pretty much on everything, but I'm definitely not a champ. We ordered a spice level 6/10 the first day and my face was flushed and sweaty within 2 bites. The flavors were so good though, that I had to keep trucking even through the burn. Bottom line: come on a weeknight or early morning for the best experience. And even if you have to wait, totally worth it!
5	I moved to Vegas because of this place, its the best in the world ...order it with a number 10 very spicy.
4	5 girls, 7:30pm on a Saturday night with 13 people ahead of us in line = 1 hour wait. Seated in the middle for a perfect view! The chef was hilarious and makes small talk with everyone (keep in mind this is really a BAR in the middle of the hotel, not a restaurant. Seats only about 15).Was it worth it? YES! We had our 99cents margaritas from Palace Station in hand while waiting in line. (The best and worst idea). Margaritas filled us up a little. Our group of 5 girls shared 3 combo pan roasts (shrimp, LOBSTER, crab). We finished total a little over 1 bowl .. woops. To-go'd the rest of them. There is a $5 charge to share bowls. The pan roast was so creamy and delicious - my favorite part: CHUNKS OF LOBSTER. Ohhhh yeah =) You can only eat so much at a time though since its so thick and creamy so you'll always end up wanting more .. beware!Our bill came out to be about $100 w/ tax and tip.
5	Two things to take into consideration; there will be a wait and you will spend a lot of monies. That being said, this is a must try for seafood lovers and well worth the wait!My boyfriend and I arrived before 10 on a Monday night and was greeted by the sight of a line of about 11 people. After a few minutes of debating on whether to wait or not, we decided it would be worth it. We were not disappointed!After an hour, we were seated and the indecision over what to get began. So many yummy sounding options! We settled on the combo pan roast and bouillabaisse with pasta. We were given sour dough bread as we watched the chefs make our food in front of us. The smell was heavenly!We watched in envy as our neighbors dug into their food, but that soon ended as ours arrived shortly after. Oh boy, the wait was definitely worth it! The bouillabaisse was light, yet full of flavor. They certainly do not jip you in seafood. The pan roast was rich and savory. It was a bit too rich for me, but adding more rice solves that problem. On my next visit, I was thinking of trying the pan roast with pasta instead of rice (I love pasta!).One thing I must mention is that we were given the impression that the food would be spicy (we ordered spice levels 6 and 8), but our dishes didn't seem to taste that spicy at all. It's not a problem because it didn't take away from how tasty they were! We also enjoy a lot of spicy food, so that may be another reason it wasn't spicy to us. Just a heads up for those who also enjoy spicy food! Possibly ask for a 10 or extra spicy if you want that [:
5	Each time we go to Las Vegas, we have to make a trip to the Palace Station ( I know) to eat at the Oyster Bar.  Their entrees are very good, and they are prepared by qualified chefs who know how to properly prepare boiled recipes. We had the classic pan roast (again) which comes with chunks of lobster, several shrimps, and crab.  The spiciness level is made to order....anything over six is tough for us.  Try the level four.  We do wish, however, that there were more pots and seats to reduce the wait.  Once company in Southern California actually learned the cooking process from the owner of the Oyster Bar.  Five Stars and worth the wait.
5	What a knockout of a place!! I took my Mom here for here 60th Bday and we were blown away by the food and service. We started with a dozen oysters on the half shell. Made on the spot and arranged in a beautiful way it was tasty and then some. I went with a bowl of New England style clam chowder. I almost fell over it so rich and creamy. The clams were in every bite. We both lucked out as we had no wait and I have seen some long lines for this place. Will be back without a doubt.
5	Was in Vegas again, ate there 3 times, of course had the raw clams, tried Alaskan Chowder, pan roast, and gumbo, gumbo was good, chowder and roast awesome, going to try the linguine and clams next time.  All 3 bowls were totally empty when I was done.
5	By far my favorite Oyster bar in vegas. I visit here at least once a month. The original! Staff is great and food is always wonderful. Oysters are always fresh and clean. My favorite dish is the house pan roast! Dish sizes are huge and prices are comparable to any other seafood resturants. The best thing about the oyster bar is the personal service that is given when visiting. The staff is always friendly and eager to assist. Whats better than great food, great staff, and a great time??5 STARS!
5	This is literally a counter that seats 12.  Walk up, sit down, and order.  (Or if you come during prime hours, walk up, wait for two hours, sit down, order)  I am not a fan of oysters, but they looked so plump and fresh (shucked in front of your face!).  Everyone eating them looked like they were in heaven.We ordered the Combo Roast (lobster, shrimp, crab).  I wasn't sure what to expect when the bowl was placed in front of me but. Holy. Stinkin. Moly. Partyyyyyy in my mouth!!! EXPLOSION of flavor.  The seafood is prepared to perfection in front of you via pan roasting technique and the final stew/soup/bisque (that you patiently wait 20 minutes for as it simmers) is quite possibly one of the most delicious things I've ever tasted.  It's been three days and I'm still thinking about it...Can't wait to go back to Vegas so I can eat this again :P*  Cue ALL delicious food related words! Nomsssss.
2	Let me start by saying I grew up in Alabama, grew up making fresh gumbo from scratch, and still do..it is always nice to try someone elses..I was not impressed, especially after standing in line for over an hour.  The Caesar salad was better than the gumbo..They do give you a good portion and I suppose if you have never eaten true southern gumbo filled with with fresh shrimp, fresh okra, sausage, crab legs, chicken wings and just the right amount of spice...you might like this, and pay way to  much for it.
5	There's a few locations around Vegas, but this is the only one I'll come to!There's no table's and the bar only sits about 12 or so.  If you come in late night around 10pm-12am there's not much of a wait, maybe just a few minutes.  However if you come in mid day to 8pm except at least an hour wait or so to get seated.  But hey it's busy for a reason!I love oysters before my meal so it's  important to me that they are always fresh, which they are! All the while you meal is prepared right in front of you.The best plate I would say for me and my friends is the Pan Roast. There's no way to describe it other than just amazing!!!  Adding sausage makes it just that much better. =) I've also had the Gumbo and Jumbalaya and they're  arguably just as good, especially if you like more of a creamy texture.  Vegas experience I think every local has to try at least once!!
5	What to expect to get here...1. Waiting in line for over an hour. Please be aware of that and be ready and patient when you get there. You can always go grab a beer and drink while you wait. 2. Amazing foodThat's why the 5 stars. I usually go during the graveyard specials and its a little chill there during the week. The combo pan roast is my favorite! Their clam chowder is amazing and their oysters always fresh. So grab some beers and strike up a conversation with the people in line with you because its going to be a while before you sit. It is well worth it ...
5	Despite the one hour wait, this spot still gets the #1 oyster bar in the valley rating from me! Everything was fantastic, from the friendly service at the bar to the lovely conversation provided by the cook. It was more like we were sitting in his kitchen, as he handed us samples of just about everything he made. We ordered the pan roast, as recommended by everyone surrounding us. One word, PERFECTION!! It was a party in my mouth from beginning until end. We also had an appetizer of shrimp cocktail, which was just as fabulous. Not to mention, the shrimp they served were probably the biggest I've seen used for cocktail. We will definitely be returning here, very soon at that!! :)
4	I had this yesterday right after I checked out.  Arrived a little before 12PM.  I thought I was going to a restaurant and was a little dissapointed because I wanted to be alone and not bugged because of my hangover.  It actually was a bar as if you were going to grab a drink.  Anyways, arrived there and got seated right away, fortunately. This place is amazing..that's all I have to say.  I'm on a venture right now to find this somewhere in the Los Angeles/Orange County area.  I recommend going there early because by the time I was done with my meal, there was a long long line with people looking very miserable.  Anyways, go early and you have to order the Pacific Pan Roast, the one that is at the top of the pan roast menu.  This is right up there with my cravings for either Boiling Crab (crawfish) or Indian Food (chicken tika masala).  So much flavor.  I most definitely will go back here, every time I'm in Vegas.  Now where can I go to find this in Los Angeles? hmm... :/  Thanks to my girlfriend showing this, I am now at work ..yelping while i should actually be working on this very gloomy Monday back from Vegas. sigh..
5	Came here for my birthday at 5 am and there was no lines. I was craving spicy seafood and man the Combo Pan Roast was delicious ! We ordered spicy level 5 and it sure had a good kick to it. We also ordered the half a dozen oysters. Our server Jill and chef Holloman were wonderful! They need a raise :) I would definitely come back again due to the mouthwatering food and excellent service.
5	The Palace Pan roast was AMAZING!!! The servings were really big, i was actually full from dinner which I am never full. My girlfriend got the Seafood gumbo which was amazing!!! The food is very tasty and made to perfection! Only downside is that you have to wait a while for your food to be done. Mainly because they make it fresh right there in front of you so thats the only down side but overall the food is amazing!!! For all those seafood lovers this is the place where you want to get your fill of it. They had chunks in every bite which is great!!Definitely go and try this place out if yoru in town. I also got the clam chowder which was amazing! Its really small place so make sure you plan an arriving early for your  dinner or you have to wait a while.
5	So so good!!!Every time I venture out to the good 'ol sin city, I always make sure I get my Oyster Bar fix before I head back home.This place is super super small, sitting only about 18 or so people in a bar seating restaurant. When I first came here, it was some time ago during dinner and I remember the line was stretching out towards the slot machines. I waited for maybe a good 30-40 minutes realizing we haven't moved an inch!! We decided to eat elsewhere and come back when it wasn't so busy. The second time I came during lunch on a weekday. Thank God there were only a couple of people waiting and we were able to get seated quick. If you do go during weekends during rush hours, be prepared to wait...FOR HOURS!! Go on a weekday or odd hours since this place is 24 hours!So far, I've only tried their combo pan past and palace pan roast. But, I think that's pretty much the only thing you should order!! The pan roasts are sooo good! The bf ordered a jambalaya one time but throughout the night kept taking bites of my pan roast that he decided to just stick with pan roast from there on after.The best deal is to just share a pan roast for $5 extra so that way you can order other appetizers when you come. (:I'm not much of a raw oyster person but the oysters here are no joke FATTT! Those suckers are so freaking huge I was shocked at the person next to me being able to eat a whole dozen by himself. If you like oysters, I guarantee you'll enjoy the oysters here at Oyster Bar. Overall, I really enjoying eating at the Oyster Bar.  Not only is the food super good but I really like the small intimate setting.  I have so far met 3 out of the 5 chefs that are regulars here and I enjoy conversing with them while I eat my pan roast.  Depending on the chef that is working, be careful at how spicy you make your pan roast.  I ordered a 7 with one chef my last pan roast and it was perfect.  And then I ordered a 7 with a different chef and it was SPICY. It was my first meal of the day and I felt like there was a hole burning through my stomach! The hotel on the other hand is not as great. Very sad and depressing.  I had a couple of randos come up to me while waiting in line and talk to me about Jesus. Interesting. But I feel the setting just makes Oyster Bar that much more special.
5	It has been almost a year and a half since I've been back here. It was so gratifying and delicious to finally eat the oysters on a half shell once more! First of all, this place is small. It's bar seating only that seats roughly 18-20 people. You have to wait in line to get seated. My first time here, we came on a weekend around midnight and waited over an hour! (But it was so worth the wait.) This time, we came on a Wed late afternoon and waited about 5 min. On to the food: I highly recommend the oysters on the half shell. Super fresh and for the most part pretty big and fat in size. Comes on a bed of ice with lemons, cocktail sauce, and fresh horse radish. And OMG, their horse radish is divine. It's hot, but pairs well with the oysters. As for entrees, I recommend the pan roast, cioppino, and bouillabaisse. You can choose 1-10 for spicy-ness. The 8 has a kick. The chefs cook the food and shuck oysters in front of you. They are very friendly. Service is good. They may get busy at times, but they do the best with the hands they have. If you love oysters and seafood, you have to try this place. I recommend avoiding this place on weekends due to the crowds. Best to come between 1 AM and 8 AM or on a weekday during mid-morning or mid-afternoon to avoid the crowds and long waits. I will have to visit here again before we leave Vegas!
5	After I found this place on yelp last year, I've been wanting to go. I'm so glad that during my last trip to Vegas, my boyfriend finally wanted to go with me. People weren't kidding when they said it was just a bar that seated 18 people. Good thing there weren't too many people in line waiting and we only had to wait 20 minutes. It took a while for the lady to clear the bar for us to sit down but at least she was very friendly.My boyfriend and I shared a bowl of New England Clam Chowder, a Combo Pan Roast and I had a dozen oysters as an appetizer. The clam chowder was very good and it tasted better with the oyster crackers. I usually like clam chowder anyways but since my boyfriend actually ate a good amount of it, so I know it's good.The oysters were quite tasty for being in the middle of the desert!The combo pan roast was delicious. It was creamy with a hint of spice and some fresh seafood. The shrimp was cooked well, it was not overcooked. I don't really know what else to say about it except take a break from the food on the strip and come here because I really recommend going to this place.
5	I didn't believe it when I heard that this place was simply one bar and no other seating. I stepped in line (which really is just...a makeshift line in the middle of the casino floor) and...waited. It was a bit late, so there wasn't that much of a line and we ended up only waiting for about 30 minutes. We struck up conversation with the couple in front of us, who also happened to be from California. We got seated and perused the menu. Small menu, so we made our choices pretty quickly.1) I will say that the service is a bit on the slower side. One server and two cooks.2) The food was awesome. You'd never think it, but the food is in total contrast to the looks of the place.3) Even though the service was a bit slow, we had a fun time joking around with the staff. The banter between us made up for the slow service and made the night that much more enjoyable.The food was great. We pretty much licked everything clean. There was one thing that was even more amazing, though...So we look across the bar, and there was this girl that just could not stop eating. She was at her seat with her boyfriend from the time we took our spot in line until after we had finished up and left. From my estimation, she probably ate about $120 worth of food and beer all by herself. The funniest part is that her boyfriend only had one dish, some oysters and a soda. My girlfriend and I were so amazed that this was the only thing we could talk about the whole cab ride back to the hotel. The look on the boyfriend's face plus his body language when he received the bill was priceless!
4	It's a great place inside the palace station. Tried the pan roast which was delicious, the oysters were great, and the gumbo which was o.k. off peak hours are not as long of a line but still had to wait since there's only six station to cook from with limited seating. Great food though, just don't go too hungry since there is a tad wait.
4	Everything said about this oyster bar is true. I've desperately wanted to try this place out because everyone said it was one of the best joints in town. I even decided to stay at the hotel for one night just to eat here. I had a party of four and arrived about 2 am. The bar was full and I had about 4 people ahead of me. As everyone said, the wait can be long and getting your food takes awhile. We weren't finished until 4am!  Even though there's only two people working, they somehow are able to work efficiently and smoothly. Watching them work was so hypotonic. The pan roast was so creamy and delicious, sort of like a cross between coconut Thai curry and some type of seafood tomato base. It's a big bowl, so I would def share it with someone else (they do charge you $5 for sharing). The oysters tasted fresh and are great appetizers before  your hearty meal. Staff was friendly and talkative. But one tip is make sure your order is right and check your pan roast for the right ingredients. I ordered the palace pan roast and we even got charged for it  but received the lobster roast, which happens to be cheaper.
5	Everyone should go here for their Palace Pan Roast. The best in town! I've waited 2 hours to be seated and another hour for my Pan Roast. There is always a line and that should tell you something. The Palace Pan Roast is so good that you won't ever try another menu item. Well, maybe you will but not anytime soon. The staff is very friendly, the only downfall is that service is slow but that is due to them always having three people on duty.  When you are in Vegas you have to stop by for their Roast.
4	Sandra our server is slow. Super slow!!! Avoid her at all cost!! Food is 5 star and worth waiting for. Favor items: Pan Roast and fresh oysters and clams. Clam chowder was a bit of a disappointment. Tasted very generic.
5	Good things first - delicious lump crab, big oysters, wonderful Alaskan chowder, tasty Combo Pan Roast.  Outstanding meal!Not so good things - very long wait...90 minutes, only 18 seats, only one waitress to clear plates, take orders, and cash out people out.  If you aren't in a rush and you love good seafood, you will love the oyster bar!
5	The Original Oyster Bar in Las Vegas is Now Open 24 hrs!!!! A Little Pricey, but Everything is Made Fresh in Front of You!!! Love Their Louisiana Food, Especially the Gumbo!!! A Word to the Wise... When they ask you how spicy you want it, go 5 or less or they will put crushed red pepper in your dish which we do not use in Cajun Food in Louisiana!!!! They Have Graveyard Specials on Beer, Bloody Mary's & Raw Oysters!!!! Bar-Like Atmosphere without all tha Drama!!! Haha!!! Tha Cooks are not only Great, but Funny as Well!!! Free Entertainment Every Night!!!! Of Course Palace Station Was an Original Las Vegas Local's Casino that I Remember!!!
5	The Oyster Bar is the best food I had while in Vegas.I had the palace pan roast and it was uh-maz-ing! I don't really know what a pan roast is, but I've been calling it a gumstewp (gumbo-stew-soup). And this gumstewp is a giant bowl of pure omg deliciousness. While it's enough to share for two ($5 share charge), it's sooo good, you might want a bowl to yourself.Have patience! There is limited bar seating and food is made to order. You will wait a longgggg time. You will wait to sit. You will wait to order. You will wait to eat. And you will be very happy to lick your bowl clean after all the waiting.
5	I think this review is going to be the same exact review as all the other ones. BUT BEST PAN ROAST EVER. MUST GO HERE IF YOU ARE IN VEGAS. I wish I lived in Vegas so i can come here all the time.
5	This place is Heaven!Although the wait was ridiculous (almost 2hours) the combination pan roast was well worth it. I  wish there was an actual restaurant because i feel like a lot of people are discouraged from giving this place a try after they see the line. DO NOT LET THE LINE DISCOURAGE YOU! it'll be well worth it once you get your hands (and mouth) on the food.
4	I love this spot but I really wish they would look into getting a larger resturant within the casino. The Pan Roast is the best I ever had but the wait makes you want to go else where.
5	So good, so worth standing there for over 1 hour to have 1am dinner. The BEST pan roast ever!!! Not to mention the super fresh, sweet, giant, fresh-cut oyster (I ate the whole plate of 6).This place is ALWAYS PACKED- I was told by the oyster-master that the only time you might get seating without the wait is mid-week 10am, LOL, I guess raw oyster is not the favorite breakfast.I would go back to Vegas just for this!!!
4	If it wasn't for the Oyster Bar I would have never ventured out to the Palace Station! Like what most of the reviewers have stated, the Palace Station is run down and looks like it's got it's life sucked out of it! Although, the Oyster Bar has breathed life back into the old forgotten place. Upon entering the Palace Station, the Oyster Bar sits right smack in the middle of the casino! There's only seating for about 17 people so there's always a line and a long wait. The bf and I ended up waiting an hour to get seated and another hour for our food to arrive. Service was super slow since there's only one chef and one waitress handling everything. After looking at the menu, I ended up ordering the Palace Gumbo with a spice level of 6, and my bf ordered the Palace Pan Roast with spice level of 6. Upon devouring our meal since we were both starving, I had to stop myself because my gumbo was overwhelmingly spicy! At level 6 my mouth felt like it was on fire and I had to stop eating after every bite to drink water. This was probably the spiciest meal I've ever had! Since I ordered a level 6 I seriously can't imagine how spicy a level 10 would be. Although for my bf who can actually take spicy food, he finished his entire bowl of Pan Roast without a complaint. I ended up taking a majority of my leftover gumbo home. I had to dilute the spices by adding water but it did the trick and tasted a lot more tolerable afterwards. Tip* Try coming during off hours to avoid the long lines! They are open 24 hours!
4	I would never know Palace Station Casino if i didn't go to Oyster bar. Who would know inside the old casino, there is an amazing restaurant? Heard it always gets crowded, we went there around 9:00 am and ordered pan roast and house gumbo. What a heavy breakfast but it was so good. We finished everything and barely could walk out of Palace Station. Next time i wanna try oysters and Bloody Mary Oyster shooters.
5	This spot brings back memories. First tried their gumbo at home when my mom brought back leftovers and was obsessed. I would come here with my cousins ID before I turned 21 to be able to have the deliciousness served to me...you see you have to be 21 or over to eat at the oyster bar(they will card you). I actually spent my 21st birthday dinner here at midnight because I love it so much. Of course I celebrated with a beer and some oyster shooters. Crazy I know...The Oyster Bar is now open 24 hours which makes it so easy to try and a great place to go to when I get off of work at 5am. There usually is always a line since there is seating for only 15-18 people...but that doesn't deter people from waiting...their food is THAT GOOD. The chefs are usually always talking to the guests as he's cooking which makes the experience fun.
5	I come to LAS for business about once a month. I find myself returning to this place every time! I cannot say enough good things about the food! I highly recommend eating at the Palace Station Oyster Bar! The Palace Pan Roast is phenomenal!
5	chef Bob and Master of all Margie do up a great feast.  I would describe the delight of all the dishes and the amazing flavors but this place is my personal secret.   Couldn't be more happy with it.
2	I was extremely excited to finally eat here! in the end.. I was very disappointed.My boyfriend and I love oysters! Being an oyster bar we thought it must be fresh and delicious! Holy crap was the oysters shitty!  We could not believe how dirty the oysters were! They did not take the liberty to rinse or scrub the oysters shells before prying them open.  I do not think they were fresh! We bough a dozen and could barely finish half.. My boyfriend almost yacked up one of them because it was already bad.  It was already hard enough trying to eat the dirty oysters..after eating the bad one we noticed the couple others didn't look good.  The worker at the end never took our plate away until the end asking if we were going to finish it.. yeah we just said no.  There's something wrong there if we did not finish it buddy!  We watched them open the oysters after and saw how dirty the shells were and noticed that the shells had bands around them to keep the oysters from opening.  THIS PLACE IS NOT KNOWN FOR THE OYSTERS!We also had New England Clam Chowder and Chicken Gumbo.  These came out a lot better.  I've never had Gumbo but my boyfriend said it was decently good.  I am a fan of clam chowder, and it was good, nothing amazing.  So the rest of the food must be the talk of the joint.The service, it was mehhh.  I swear the cook in front of us looked miserable, took some time for us to have a server attend to us the couple times we needed something..Definitely will not be back..
5	WOW. This is my new favorite clam chowder place. My brother had been talking about this oyster bar place in Vegas for a while. We're in Vegas pretty often so I'm pretty amazed I didn't discover this Oyster Bar sooner. Located in Palace Station Casino you take the 15 North (or was it south..) and exit Sahara make a left. Lines here take forever. That's because it's literally a bar with 15 seats (I counted). They don't add more. Anyway the wait will take you about an hour and something even though there's a line that doesn't look like a lot of people (but considering there's only so many seats.)  So the chef makes the food right there in front of you. I definitely recommend the white Alaskan Clam Chowder and the Raw Clams. Raw Oysters i've had better... go for the clams. Alaskan Clam Chowder White should add lobster, okra, and maybe rice if its leaning towards the salty side. Also tried the red Pan Roast. I liked the chowder more, this was a little sweeter. Still good though. You can order bowl of pasta/ rice on the side and eat it with your roast/chowder. It's a huge bowl of food. If you share they will charge you. The chef makes it right there in front of you while you're sitting at the bar. Food comes pretty fast. And it's definitely worth the wait. We came here twice in one weekend. The weekend night had a line, the morning during the week at about 10 AM no line. Sweeet. Gambling at the casino is pretty fun too. Liked blackjack. Coming back here every time I'm in Vegas. MmmMmM Clam Chowder.
1	Seriously? One chef and maybe a little more than a dozen seats. Some couples were so desperate that they were willing to share stool space. (read 1 butt cheek per stool)I feel like this inefficient system was designed to increase the hype.Maybe I'm not a big enough glutton, but I don't think ANY food is worth waiting hours for.This is also why I'd never care to eat a cronut.Didn't get a chance to try their "magical" pan roast and, frankly, I don't care if I ever do. You kind of wonder if all the rave reviews are actually due to delusions which are a result of hunger. Why anyone would subject themselves to the abuse of hours-long waits and slow, sub-par service for food is beyond me.
4	Warning: this is really just a random bar inside palace station. The seating is a little surprising because even bars usually have other places to sit. Just come here before 5, if possible. I've never actually had to wait that long like other reviews say. I try to avoid the rush hours Food: the combination pan roast is amazing. The first time I tried this, it felt like it wasn't living up the the hype everyone claims, but the second time I realized I was very wrong. This is definitely my favorite dish.Service: it takes awhile for the food, but they're very friendly. I always enjoy when people cook in front of the customers, definitely adds to the experience.
5	Two words.  Pan. Roast.
5	Get there at 12:30 for a half hour wait and the early morning specials, 8.99 half dozen oysters and 2 dollar bud light drafts... The palace pan roast, the combo pan roast, and the seafood jambalaya are amazing picks...
5	ohh man what can I say about this spot; fresh oysters on ice and the amazing pan roast!. Ordered 6 on the heat scale which was pretty spicy but I think next time 7 would be perfect. We came here around 1am not to bad of a wait but surprisingly enough by 2am it was packed! The two chefs here are very friendly and try their best to get the food out quickly but since every dish is actually made to order fresh it may seem awhile to the impatient few. Two thumbs up
4	As much as I hate the wait, and the ghetto casino that smells like cigarettes, I always come back.When you're in Las Vegas, it's hard to imagine that you would want to come out to this place, wait in this line, to drop $30-$40/person for a meal because there are SO MANY places to eat.  I really can't tell you why I'm so addicted to this place, except that the food really is quite delicious.If you're reading the reviews, you already know there will be a line.  Just accept it.  There are only so many seats, and everything is cooked fresh, so what can they do?Come when you're not already starving, or else you'll just get very grouchy.  In fact, come at odd hours if possible.My personal favorite is the pan roast.  I never get sick of it.  It's flavorful, the seafood is so fresh, and the heat makes everything feels better.This last time around I also tried the clam chowder, and it's just as delicious as the pan roast, except the flavor does not have the sweetness that the pan roast has.  So if you're not into sweet flavors in your food, the clam chowder might be a good choice for you.
3	Got here around 5pm and waited a little over an hour on a Saturday.Honestly.... the pan roast was OK.I don't know if this opinion is a result of my friends raving and having major foodgasms over this stuff but I wasn't impressed. To be fair, I'm not a fan of creamy food, soups, etc. The seafood portions (I got the combo roast) were hefty and the shrimp and lobster were cooked just right. But the soup was just too creamy and I couldn't eat much of it. Anyway, when I told my friends that it was whatever, they gasped and looked at me like I was spewing heresy. So to each his own I guess!The experience was cool though. All these hungry pan roast loving people staring at people eating pan roast watching the chef making pan roast in the middle of the casino. It's worth a try!
5	Line sucks and can be long even late at night, but the pan roast is worth it.
5	Okay... so the first time I ate here I was suuuuuuper hungover. Go figure in Vegas, right? It was my last night there and my genius friend suggested we eat something SPICY. No bueno on a tummy full of leftover alcohol. NEVER. EVER. This left my last memory of this place a little tainted to say the least. I didn't return for a while, but finally made the effort when I saw they changed to being open 24 hours. Nothing like a big pot of goodness anytime of the day (or night)!Came here after clubbing and even though it was 5AM, there was a wait! Seats are first come, first serve and after that you wait in line until one of the 20 seats are free. My party of 3 ended up waiting about 30 - 40 minutes.Two words of advice: COME. HUNGRY. Their portions are so large, they're almost 3 meals in one! And there's a fee if you share with someone. I'm not really down for that, but once you try one bite, you might want the whole bowl to yourself!Definitely come here and get the pan roast! There is nothing else you should order! All kinds of fresh seafood sauteed with brandy, cream and tomato and served with rice. SO. FREAKING. DELICIOUS. And they don't skimp on the seafood at all! You can see the cook dump in the goodness in your pot and cook it right in front of you! You can even pick what level of spiciness you want. You can pick anywhere from 1 to 10. Level 3 is good for a light kick, but you can still taste the flavor of the sauce. I know there's a lot of options for 24 hour late night eats in Vegas, but this is one of the better ones out there. I mean, any place with a wait at almost every hour of the day is definitely good eats!
5	Oyster Bar is absolutely outstanding and worth every second of the extremely long wait. I will miss it now that I'm no longer a Las Vegan.Plus, each time we've been there, my wife has won enough on slots while standing in line to pay for half our meal! I've never had oysters there, but the pan roasts are an absolute must - particularly the Palace pan roast, which has a little bit of everything.(Protip: The main bar in the casino has 99c margaritas, which you will need several of while waiting. They're considerably larger than the ones at the Fremont downtown, and of better quality.)
5	This is a hidden gem in Las Vegas. We frequent Palace Station during our trips to Vegas since the rooms are dirt cheap, clean, and only a short hop away from the strip. We discovered this place during our first stay at Palace Station. The lines are always long for this place no matter what time of day (or night). Usually the wait is about an hour unless you get lucky.The fresh clams and oysters are awesome! We usually get a dozen each to get started. Depending on how hungry we are, my fiancee and I will usually just order one dish and pay the split plate fee. The portions are huge and unless you are REALLY hungry, there's no way you're going to finish an entire portion on your own.We usually order the pan roast or the shrimp and lobster fra diavolo. Keep in mind, you can order your entree to whatever level of spice you like. Last time we were here, the chef was making a concoction of habanero, jalapeno, and other chiles, and explained to us how the last he made this concoction, the customer got a bloody nose (YIKES!) I've ordered dishes from a heat level of 7 all the way to 10. The 10 is beyond spicy, but awesome if you've been hitting the liquor for hours. Then again, you're in Vegas, who isn't hitting the alcohol for hours on end right?This place is open 24 hours which is a huge plus! Sometimes when you're pulling an all nighter in Vegas and you get the need for some good food to take a break from alcohol, it's hard to find good food since a lot of the good restaurants are closed. Service is sometimes slow since there's only one chef and one person who takes orders and brings you drinks, but the quality of the food is TOP notch. You even get to see the chef whip up your food right in front of you in these cool pots that don't appear to even have a flame under them. I'm still not sure how those pots get hot, but it's really cool to watch your food being made. If you're in Vegas, give this place a whirl, you'll be hooked after one visit.
4	What!!!... First timer here and I'm an instant fan. Yes, you'll have to wait unless you get lucky and seats open up when you arrive. But it's worth the wait! You have 24hr in a day to try it. Really cool, hole-in-the-wall kinda place. Right in the middle of a low-mid range hotel/casino way off the strip, the Palace Station. The food was excellent. As my first time here, my family recommended the Combo Pan Roast w/ shrimp, crab and lobster. I ordered mine with medium (#5) spiciness and included a scoop of white rice on top (you can ask for it on the side if you like). Also had shrimp cocktail and the dozen oysters in the half shell. Both were really tasty. The clam linguini my sis got looked amazing as well. Will have to try that one time. My friend got the manhattan clam chowder and mentioned that it was ok and a little salty for his taste. They also offer clams on the half shell, gumbo, jambalaya, clam chowder and more! Drool. Check out the specials on beer and drinks. An oyster shooter menu looked too good. Service was friendly and attentive. The chef had the process down. It was entertaining watching him work as he prepared the meals in front of you. They also didn't rush you through your meal, as seeing there are only 18 seats. I don't recommend large parties, as it may be tough to get everyone seated at one time.I'm eager to go back and try more dishes. If you like seafood, this is a must-go-to.
5	I've lived in Vegas most of my life, and I don't even know why I've only been here once. I tried it for the first time about a week ago after a  night of drinking. Man, it effing hit the spot. Like most of the other reviews say, there was a bit of a wait. We arrived about 230 or 3 ish, and still had to wait to sit - and then about another half hour wait to get our food. Worth it? Definitely. I probably wouldn't try and go during 'normal' hours, because I can't even imagine waiting that long. Going so late was perfect for us.Get the pan roast, for sure. We got the palace pan roast and the combo roast. I preferred the combo which had lobster, shrimp, and crab - as opposed to the palace which had chicken in addition to the other things listed - as well as some other stuff, I think ! It's pretty cool, because you can watch them cook your food. Kind of bad I guess, you start drooling over all the deliciousness. And sometimes you get really hopeful that the food they are cooking is yours - but sadly, it isn't. Be patient - super worth it. Service was great too. Hollowman single-handedly made the experience. He was so friendly. You can tell he cares about what he's cooking. I would go back just for him. Great, great, great. I regret not having ever been there before. Definitely will be a regular at this place.
4	My friends and I made the trek over to Palace Station just for this famed Oyster Bar. I don't see why else we would be here since the casino was really old & had a mature crowd. The first thing to point out is the wait. You will wait a good while since its just a counter. What you see is what you get with this place and there is no hidden extra seating area. It's simply just a counter and right next to it is a small roped off section for people to wait. & stare at you while you eat of course because the food is so good and they have been waiting that long haha. There's only a few people working this oyster bar but every one of them was really friendly. I tried the Pan Roast Combo (21.99) with a spicy level of 6. I like spicy food so it didn't seem spicy at all, just a kick of flavor. It comes with rice and dinner rolls for dipping. Portion was really big so easily feeds two people (there is a split fee of $5 bucks tho!)  I've never had a pan roast before but it was so good and so flavorful. Hard to describe but its like a thick seafood stew? I am probably butchering the description so I will stop there, but it IS worth coming out of your way to Palace Station just to try this. In fact, I'll probably go out of my way to come back to this place again.
5	It's past the game tables and in the middle of the casino. FYI.The staff and chef are all very funny and sarcastic. I came, I sat and I ate. There was a lot of food. I mean alot!.My buddy, let's call him Bob, ordered too much and tried to get some boxes togo after like 10 mins of eating. The chef told him, "C'mon really? Man Up!" and he subsequently ate some more. Didn't quite manned up but did try to eat some more. At the end he got his box to take togo. Some of the customers asked the chef, "Where does the Oysters come from?" His reply, "From the cooler."  Yeah, it's as good as it gets here!Service is slow, but technically each seat gets you an hour of service! Like you can't leave even if you wanted to! They'd get you your check like later much later after you asked for it.
5	My newest favorite place in Vegas!
5	On my last trip to Las Vegas, I wanted to come here. The Oyster Bar is inside the Palace Station. There are only 18 seats and depending on the time of the day, you can be waiting for few minutes or all the way up to hours. On our first day (Friday), we came here around 5pm and waited less than 30 minutes. Not bad. There were four of us and we ordered two dozen oysters, two combo pan roast, and two shrimp scampi. The shrimp scampi was just okay. Nothing to write home about. Oysters were fresh and delicious but I have eaten better oysters in the past. But what we all raved about was the PAN ROAST. Boy was it yummy! I got spicy level 2 and my friend got spicy level 4. In the end, both were spicy and we actually couldn't tell if 2 was as hot as 4 or not. Anyway NO big deal. We love spicy, just as long as it isn't taking over the entire mouth. On Sunday morning, we still couldn't get over the delicious Pan Roast and decided to go again. Of course, sin city has no church goers, it was packed with a line. We waited 2 hours from 11-1pm and finally got seated. It was worth it. But not sure if it was the line or if we were hungrier on a Friday afternoon but Friday's Pan Roast tasted a bit better.PS the staff there are super chill and cool. They are nice if you are nice to them. But they will be rude to the ones that are snobby, douchey, and rude. So don't matter if you are rich or poor. Be nice to the servers and the cooks and they will be nice to you as well.
5	This place is one you'll definitely want to check out. Everything was an experience worth the hour plus wait. We had only about six people in front of us so we thought we'd get in at 15 or so mins. Boy was my optimism sorely wrong. But stick with it and you'll be rewarded!When we finally got to sit down at this dozen still bar, we were ready to eat. Each pan roast/dish is made in its own separate pot contraption linked to a gas source. We did see the main chef clean off the below and the pots themselves which I wondered about because lots of them boil over.The combo pan roast with perfectly cooked white rice (hey! I'm Asian, its important to us) had shrimp, crab and lobster. How can u describe the creamy tomatoey seafood goodness that explodes in your mouth? Part of it is the wait but the majority is the taste! One bite and my cousin and I could not be more pleased. Afterwards we talked about the deliciousness for a long time.We share the pan roast which normally has a $5 share price but we also got a dozen oysters on a half shelf which the waitress/hostess explained would negate the share price. The oysters were ok. The chef is a character but in a good entertaining surely way. And the waitress is awesome!I would go back in a heartbeat and I know I will have dreams of this pan roast!
5	Came on Sunday at 11 AM and luckily there was no line. Got the seafood combo pan roast- chunks of seafood in a tomato-bisque-like soup- soooo delicious!! It's the kind of sauce you would wanna dip everything in! And the seafood jambalaya is good with pieces of lobster, clam, shrimp, and mussels. I don't even like raw oysters and I tried one and they tasted so fresh! I already wanna go back to try the cioppino and gumbo Service was good and the chef is very funny and provided great customer service!!!
4	Small ... Waits too long when there are many people. Food on the other hand is good.Sucks for those kids who aren't 21 and can't sit at this bar lol. They id all those who don't look of age.Oysters are good and the seafood soups are too.
5	best restaurant in las vegas. will eat here any day. any time. so good i had to make this review in all caps. would pick this as my last meal. ricardo is the best.
4	Can't go wrong it's 24 hours they serve great tap beer. They steam all there good it's amazing gumbo and the location is in the center of the casino this place is amazing I recomened trying there gumbo and Definitly having there shrimp oyester Alfredo fettuccini good food mucus drinks.
2	Good food, but not worth the price or the wait. If they would seat people in the restaurant behind the bar it would be cool. I don't like sitting on top of people either. 20$ for a dozen oysters not a deal in Vegas.
5	Even though I had to wait almost 3 hours, it was well worth it! This place is amazing!I got here about 2:00am and got seated close to 5:00am. This was on a Friday night so I was expecting the worse. I did however get to meet some very cool people and most were first timers just as I was. I ordered the combo pan roast with a spice level of 7 and all I can say is WOW! The flavor is so unique and original. I've never had anything like this before so I now consider myself a pan roast fanatic lol. The staff was great and they were very kind, interactive and told us the best time to come and avoid a long wait (Between 5am-8am). A person I met in line was even kind enough to offer some of their gumbo to me since they were a regular. It was just as good as the pan roast but with a bolder flavor. I totally recommend this to anyone. Now that I am a resident of Las Vegas this will definitely be apart of my life regularly.
5	This oyster bar is in Palace Station.These words came out of my mouth when I first had the pan roast for the first time: "This is the best thing I've ever had in my life!!" And it's true!!!Do not go in big groups, their bar only has about 11 seats and the wait is longgggg. Don't be discouraged, because it's so worth the wait. You will probably have to wait at least an hour, then another 30 mins for your food to be ready. Onto the food.. I've had the combo pan roast here and let me tell you..... it's not like anything you've ever tasted before! I don't even know how to describe it, you just have to find out for yourself. IDK what they put in here but it's so good an addicting! they do not skimp on the seafood as well. You can see your pan roast being made in front of you, then you think that one is for you...getting all excited...then the chef passes it to the other end of of the bar -____-. I hate when that happens!!!The clam chowder here is really good as well. The clam flavor is very pungent and they don't skimp on the clams. This is premade already so it'll come out fast, get this and share if you're starving, which i'm sure you are after hours of waiting. They opened one here in OC, Ritter's but it DOES NOT compare at all. If you want the real stuff, go here!!!
5	There isn't much to say that the other hundreds of reviews haven't. Definitely worth the trek out to Palace Station for some delicious Oysters on the half shell. We lucked out and around 8:30pm there were only 8 people in line in front of us so we grabbed a few beers from one of the casino bars and chatted away for about half an hour before we were seated at the Oyster Bar. We enjoyed a couple dozen Oysters and a few shooters before digging into a couple of Pan Roasts. We got two between the four of us and with the oysters we had already eaten it was plenty of food and worth the $5 shared plate fee. Note to self.... next time save the bread they give you in the beginning to dip in the sauce! We enjoyed chatting with the chefs who cook in those amazing kettles.. even the guy shucking oysters went to culinary school! If there is a next time for me I'll be ordering the shrimp scampi. Every time they cooked up a batch the smell of sauteed garlic made my mouth water. All around great place. They're open 24/7 so I'd be curious to see what kind of crowds they have eating raw oysters for breakfast :)
4	LOVEEEE this place, HAATEEEE the wait.  Oh Oyster bar, why do you have to be located in such a shitty location and only offer 18 seats ?! Oyster Bar is definitely the ONLY reason I would ever venture out to Palace Station again.  Soo is it good enough to look past the two hour long wait, second hand smoke, and horrible reception?? Yes...yes it is.  The service is friendly and the portions are huge and delicious.  After starving in line, you really do start ordering with your eyes.  We ordered two dozen oysters, clam chowder, and the combo pan roast. Everything tasted so fresh and filling!  The oysters were soo fat, clam chowder was creamy, and the combo pan roast was very flavorful.  There is not a huge selection on their menu, but what they do have is all they need.  I will definitely be back here!OYSTER BAR- PLEASE EXPAND ... OR EVEN BETTER, MAKE YOUR WAY OVER TO LA!! :D
4	After seeing photos of the food that my friends posted, I know that I had to stop by here on my most recent Vegas trip. Luckily the bf was with me to enjoy it. It's located inside an old hotel off the strip and fairly easy to locate once inside. We arrived at 4:20PM on a Sunday afternoon In hopes of no wait. Boy were we wrong. 7 other parties before us and there was about 14 seats total  which were all taken. We ended up waiting an hour and 40 mins to just be seated. I passed the time by playing penny slots and won cab ride $$ for the trip back to our hotel! By the time we were seated we knew exactly what we wanted- Palace Pan Roast and the chowder. It was interesting to see how the pan roast and gumbos were made. It took about another 25 mins for our pan roast to be made. By this time, we had 15 mins to eat and head back to our hotel to grab our luggage and head to the airport. Totally worth the cooking wait time but I now understand why I've had friends tell me to come at odd hours- the wait is excruciatingly long with only one chef doing everything!!!
5	No reservation, first come first serve. I waited over an hour and I have to say it was worth it. I'll wait even longer if I have to, just to get a bite a pan roast, dozen oysters and clams.  One of my favorite place. Gotta try it to know it!
5	This place is amazing! Pan roast. Gumbo. Lil got rolls.  Chowder.  Come hungry.  Leave stuffed.  Enjoy every single bite!
5	What can I say that hasn't been said yet!?!?!!? Came here around 4 with 5 gfs thinking we were coming at an 'off' time... yeah, we were wrong.  Still waiting an hr and 15 mins to get seated.  FYI- they don't skip people in line if ONE seat opens up and there's a group of 4 next in line.  So don't get upset if you say random seats empty... they're clearing it out for the next GROUP or PERSON in line.   At first we were like... WHYYYY are there open seats.. but then we realized.  We told the person that we would take seats of two or three or five-whichever opened up first!  The pan roast is AMAZING.  Level 8... I wish I got level 10 but we were sharing.  Ordered the rice on the side so that way all the sauce wouldn't seep into the rice right away- PLUS you can take leftovers to go!  The chef and employees are all amazing and super nice!  Can't wait to come back. This definitely will be a must every time I'm in Vegas from here on out.  Actually, my gfs and I are already planning to do a pan roast party at home, SOON!
4	Oyster Bar is open 24hrs.  I heard lot of good stuff about Oyster Bar.  I had 12 dozen Oyster, House Gumbo.  Wow it was very tasty.  If you ever go to Vegas go try out Oyster Bar at Palace Station Hotel & Casino.
3	How does a place go from a high as a hidden gem to a low as a place you don't want to visit anymore all in the same day? I realize I don't write reviews on yelp but do value people's opinions and thus I feel this has to be written. I came to oyster bar for a late lunch after a morning of going around sema show and had a great eating experience and thought, wow a hidden gem off the strip inside palace station. I decided to come back for dinner which turned out to be a disaster. After waiting a hour in a half, I finally was seated but somehow they let a guy cut because he was a party of one. Now, customers are suppose to wait in line and it should not be the customers to voice concerns as this should be common business policy to let people cut in line. So because this guy made a scene, he was able to sit and choose to order three dozen oysters and three dozen clams and since there was only one person to shuck (sp?) the shells, everyone's order got held up. Now, to some, that might be okay but then when they forget to put my order of oysters in and don't put the stream rice on the side of my combo pan roast because they were worried about servicing the guy that cut in line, then there is a problem. This experience is definition of how people who complain and make a scene get their way at the expense of those people who follow the rules. OK, my rant is done.
5	Absolutely incredible. Great Cajun/Louisiana sea food cooked right in front of you. The only down side is the number of seats, so you have probably have to wait. But the food is well worth any wait. The oysters are great, and the etouffee or pan roasts are to die for. All of the reviews have said it all. If you're in Las Vegas, drop on by the Palace Station and have a great meal.
5	Some things are just worth waiting for.   On a recent quick trip to Vegas with the bff we decided that we needed oysters.   We asked around and everyone kept saying Oyster Bar.   We Googled and yelped and quickly arranged a cab to see if it met expectations. We got there at 4:30 on a Friday.   We waited in line about an hour to be seated.   Perhaps hotel management could make this part a little less miserable?  My back aches when I stand too long and I'm not even that old.   C'est la vie,  we knew we would be waiting,  I just wish the wait was a little easier on the back. We were seated and the entire staff was friendly and helpful.   A roll appeared and I swear it was the best roll ever.   Or it could have been the wait.   We ordered a dozen oysters,  a few oyster shots and the palace pan roasted.   The oysters and shots came out quickly and we devoured them even quicker.   The selection of hot sauce was excellent and the oysters were fresh and plump.  The shots were Ok,  I've had better but I've also had much worse.   3 for $10 was fair. We ordered the pan roasted and split it.   They don't charge a split plate fee if you order $15 in appetizers so we were good.   Split plate fees bug me as a rule so that made me happy.   The pan roasted itself was creamy and rich.   It was amazing but there's no way either of us could have finished the bowl by ourself.   Ricardo was funny and fun to watch.   He made it look so easy and he kept us laughing.   I appreciated his multi-tasking skills,  he worked quickly and efficiently. Keep in mind that there are only 18 seats.   We had a few very nice people sitting there who were kind enough to move stools to allow others to sit,  but that was on their own accord.   It's quite a wait but totally worth it.
2	Something's fishy, and I don't mean the food. How can this place with limited menu, an insanely long line, cramped bar located within a smoky casino be rated THE best restaurant in Vegas according to Yelp?I've dined here 3 times now before I felt compelled to write about my informed opinion of this place. Here's what I've encountered all 3 times:  beginning stages of lung cancer while walking through the casino, continuing on with my early stages of lung cancer while waiting in line for 45 minutes to 1.5 hours, jammed into a bar top that seats about 20 people while dining on mediocre food still inhaling the aforementioned smoke.Service? Mediocre at best, all 3 times. Items are forgotten, timing is off and many workers don't seem happy to be there. The experience is rushed solely because you can constantly sense the stares and anguishing hunger from those waiting in line 5 paces behind you...stalking like wolves; waiting for their prey to fall off their chair in utter gluttony.The food?  I've had the gumbo twice and the pan roast once. Both were decent, barely bordering on good and I refuse to return again and wait that long in a line for decent food.  Knock my socks off with food and service in a nice atmosphere...maybe worth those waits, but not this place as it currently stands.  All 3 visits I ordered my food mild...all three times the following day was not a good day, stomach-wise. Yes, something is fishy.Good news for the rest of you who decide to forge ahead with this place; there will be one less sucker waiting in line and taking up your coveted seat at the oyster bar. Enjoy!
3	The oysters were okay. Not bad. But is it weird to complain about their shape? I'm no oyster connoisseur but I've had my fair share. These had some odd shapes. Shapes that were a bit hard to eat. Like mutated large ones that were hard to take down. This sounds weird...Am I being an oyster snob? Maybe. Probably. And they were kinda small. Were they good? Yeah... but they weren't the best I've had either. If you're looking for the bar, it's gonna be in the middle of the casino to the left as you walk in from the Strip. Nice thing is you can take a break from "all that money you're winning" to down some oysters. That I'm okay with!
5	Ok sooooo I thought I left a review but I guess not..Got turned on this place by a buddy and now it's a mandatory stop whenever we r in Vegas Great service and everything except the chowder is made too order.Some of the dishes great pan roast , great bouillabaisse and chowder Haven't had a bad dish here yet..If JJ is working ask him to make u his signature lava sauce for an extra kick
5	Combo Pan Roast FTW!!! Favorite place to eat in Las Vegas, hands down.
5	I got as close as I could get to Cajun cooking in Las Vegas. Chef Hollomon brought spicy and savory to the table and made the end of this epic night more incredible. We had 1/2 dozen raw oysters, which was better than anything I'd ever had. Then we shared the combo pan roast, which had shrimp, crab and lobster, and bouillabaisse, which was the perfect marriage of seafood all in one pot. I HIGHLY recommend this place for anyone who loves Cajun style cooking. On a sidenote, you can gauge the spice on a scale from1 to 10, depending on your preference. Enjoy this diamond in the ruff!
5	Pan roast combo. A new must when in Vegas. Blown away by taste. Ask for extra garlic. WOW!
4	A must when you're in Vegas! This place definitely lives up to it's hype! The wait sucks but it's worth it (and I waited almost 2 hours!!).I ordered the oysters, pan roast, and clam linguini. The oysters were decent but not the best things on the menu. On the other hand, the pan roast and clam linguini were glorious! They are made to order and you can choose how spicy you want the dishes on a scale of 1-10. I ordered the pan roast with spicy level 8 and the clam linguini was a 6. The level 8 was pretty spicy (I was sweating and it made my nose run) but so good when eaten with the rice and bread. Next time I go, I'm planning to try the gumbo!The place is a gem located on the casino floor, and it's comprised of a long bar that only seats about 18 people at a time. So it's an intimate setting where you get to know your neighbors/fellow diners and the chef. Everyone who works here is friendly and fun. This place is definitely on my must-eat list whenever I'm in Vegas.
4	Love this place! Yes, it's definitely worth the wait. First time here? GET THE PAN ROAST!!!! It's delicious!!!! My favorite is the combo pan roast with rice. So good!!!!! Friendly service. Purse hangers under the bar. Can't wait to go back!!Here's what we got and some prices as of 10/2013:Dozen oysters ~$18.99Shrimp cocktail ~$12.99Linguini with clams ~$16.99 Add lobster $7.99Bowl of Manhattan clam chowder ~$7.99Combo pan roast ~$21.99Ice tea ~$3Bottled water ~$3
5	Heaven!!! The pan roast is nothing I have ever tasted before.  So delicious.  Waited about an hour to try this place.  There are probably about 15 seats or so.  Expect a long wait but it is worth it.  Best oysters I have ever had.  They were plump and delicious.  This is a place we will be going to when we are Vegas.
1	My husband and I have been here before and LOVED the food. One star warranted because 1. The line is ridiculous. Even with 4 people in front of you, be prepared to wait over an hour &2. No one under 21 can eat here! WTF... Okay what? Like WHAT?This trip my husband, 13 year old daughter and I came ALL THE WAY OFF STRIP for this place... WAITED in line for about 40 minutes, which hadn't moved in the 40 minutes we were standing there, when someone came and told us we'd have to leave because you have to be 21 to eat there. YES. You read that correctly. Never going back WITH or WITHOUT my kids. Ever.
3	We stopped in on Friday based on Yelp reviews. Got here around 5:30pm & our wait was approx 1 hr 30min.  We ordered the Combo Roast with a level 6 spice. Very rich and not much seafood in the dish but was a decent flavor. Also had the clam steamers, bland flavor. Overall based on the wait and taste and price in my opinion I wouldn't recommend or try again.
3	Taste: 3.5Creativity/Authenticity: 2.5Atmosphere: 2.5Service: 3Bang for your buck: 3Common courtesy is the key to life... But the people here have none! This doesn't effect the rating of this place but it def has a bad effect for it. Came here for the huge raves and reviews about this place; first off this is not a real oyster bar so if your coming here for oysters don't bother; If you only carry one type of oyster you are not an oyster bar. Anyways first things first got 1/2 dozen blue points to start and the combo pan fried and the gumbo. The oysters were horrible; like after my meal throw up all my food horrible (which i did). The combo pan fried though is where it's at; great flavor, good amount of spice. The flavors mixed well without overpowering one another; good amount of crab and shrimp def a must when dinning here. Now the pan fried is good but not worth waiting 2 hours for. The gumbo is good too but still nothing special. Overall the hype and rave of this place didn't meet expectations but I will have to come back and try more stuff but i will say it's a cool spot to get your filling if your in the mood for good ol hardy creole cooking because well there isn't many places cooking creole style food and thats what really gave this place the edge for an A-OK, but def not the hype all these yelpers are raving about.
5	So this is the original Pan Roast .... delicious!  Better than the one I had in Orange County.  Much better balance flavor wise, the other one in OC was too heavy w/the tomato taste.  I also got to try the Cioppino which is their seafood stew w/chunks of crab, shrimp, clams etcThis place was great, tip, go here at 3am in the morning .. at least you won't have to wait long.
5	The oysters are fresh and the combo pan roast was fantastic. We walked right up and sat down at the bar. We came on the right night.
4	This place is a real gem.  It's way out there and a small trek off the strip inside Palace Station.  Who would think there's an amazing restaurant inside there?  I'm glad my friend brought us out here to try it for late night food.  It's a really small joint...maybe 10-15 seats total.  We came at 3am on a Friday night and waited about 45 minutes to sit down, and then another hour or so for our combo pan roast.  It was delicious.  Really filling/rich though because of all the BUTTER.  We also tried the oysters which were really huge.  I want to come back and try everything else, but I fear the line now.
4	Everytime I go to Vegas, eating here is a must! I always get the Alaskan chowder, and even though it is $20 per bowl, it is worth every dollar! I highly recommend this place to all my friends when they go to Vegas.
5	I went there last weekend, after not going for a few weeks.It's often too long a wait, and it's a little too close to the strip for me to drive to on a Saturday.Anyway, since I was alone, I got lucky and they sat me right away.The oysters were very large, larger than I had remembered them, but still very good.And the jambalaya was excellent, as I remembered.The price was high (also as I remembered), but if you like Creole cuisine, I can't think of a better place in Las Vegas than this one.They're open 24 hrs., so their chefs vary, but they are all quite competent.There was a line for parties of 2, 3, and 4, because the bar only has about 20-25 seats, but if you are a patient person, it's worth the wait.I'm a big fan.
4	So glad I got to try this place!Originally tried to go Saturday at 2pm...big mistake. There was a line of about 15 people, the group in front of us had 7 people in it, and after 45 minutes and no movement in the line, we gave up and went somewhere else. We were leaving Vegas early on Sunday, like 7:30am and decided to try again. This time there was only one couple sitting at the bar, but by 8:30am when we were done eating, the bar was almost full again! So yes, it gets busy! I would only recommend going between the hours of 4am to probably 9am on weekend if you don't want to wait lol or on a weekday in the middle of the day. There is no way of calling ahead and checking the wait time, you just have to go and check (trust me, I tried calling the hotel). Now for the food!They have something called the midnight special from i think 3am-9am where certain items and drinks are discounted so we got the 1/2 dozen oysters to start. Fresh and served with lemon, cocktail sauce and horseradish, we were totally satisfied. We ordered the combo pan roast and alaskan chowder. Pan roast was delicious and had plenty of crab, shrimp, and lobster! But they use a lot of cream so its really heavy, especially because we were having it for breakfast. I kind of felt sick after, like that feeling you get when you eat something delicious thats terrible for your body lol. Despite the color, it was not too tomatoey which I liked. Also, they only give you one scoop of rice, which is not nearly enough for the big bowl of pan roast you get. The chowder was delicious too and not as heavy as the pan roast surprisingly. It also had plenty of shrimp, crab, and lobster but dare I say it was a little bland...Maybe needed more salt. I still enjoyed it because you could really taste the seafood and it wasn't fishy. Maybe some black pepper and dipping the sourdough bread they give you in it would have done the trick. But I would still order it again. The presentation was awesome too, check out my pics. I would totally go back and try more items! But only during non crowded times!
3	I've been here so many time and I absolutely love the place. I always prepared myself to wait an hour before I get food but this time was unacceptable . I always got the lady server but this time I got a new server. I am not sure if he is new or he doesn't know how to do his job . I believe his name is Nick. I came to this place straight from the airport starving. I came by myself and I saw that there was a line with 8 people in front. But I saw one seat opened so I asked Nick if I can sit there and he told me he could've put 2 more chairs to seat other customers.  I kept waiting and he took along time to clean the counter. And also he sat me in the same place I requested  half an hour ago. He could've sat me there before and I'll be done already. Also he was slow in taking order tho he was not taking care of any guests that time. After he took orders from all the people who just sat down,  it took him more than 5 minutes to put in the order in micros.He was in the back helping this lady who looked like she works at a casino with her order. I think he could've put in our before he went off and doing anything else since the food takes longer to cook.Also the cook J.J seems very slow compare to other chefs that I encountered at oyster bars. 2 slow people working together is recipe for disaster. I was really hungry and my stomach started to hurt from hunger that I couldn't really enjoy the food when it came out.I wont come back here for a long time again. I am local n I love this place. I will probably come back when I m not super starving and when the lady server is here. I hope this new guy pick it up with his service.
5	Easily one of my favorite meals to have anywhere.. Oysters, and a Pan Roast(spicy) with a few beers. Only negative is the wait but for the quality of food, totally understood and expected.
5	Wow! First time trying their pan roast!! I am sure of it that this will be a hot spot every time we are in town!! You can choose your spice level! Rice or no rice... In the bowl or on the side!! Yum yum yum! Clam chowder was great and the cesar salad was good too! Must return!
5	Where have I been?  Oyster Bar gets a ton of great reviews from Yelp, some of my personal friends, and even my own parents.  Just Google Las Vegas Pan Roast and you get sent here to the Oyster Bar.  There's so many Yelp reviews about this place that my review is going to sound like a broken record.  So, I'll keep this one simple with bulletin points.-Service:  You read it and Yes, there's a wait. This is not because service is lacking.  This is because the Oyster Bar only seats about 15 and the food is as good as it gets.  Service is actually good here.  What takes a long time too is what I call "Linger Eaters".  These are people that take their sweet ol' time to eat.  The gf and I aren't "Linger Eaters" at all. However, if we are going to wait over an hour to eat, then we're going to take our time too.  -Pan Roast:  They're known for their Pan Roast.  My gf got this and allowed me sample it.  My goodness...everything that I read on these reviews were true.  Superb!!-Seafood Jambalaya:  This is what I got.  I haven't had Jambalaya in years and was in that mood, especially since the outside temps were dropping.  Overall...packed with mussels, clams, crab, lobster, shrimp, and rice.  Your taste buds will be confused with what it's tasting, but won't be confused whether it's good or not.  My taste buds just voted...pretty damn good.  -Clam Chowder:  Just about average, but you don't come here for chowder.  -Hours:  All Day, Everyday-Prices:  You get what you pay for.  Most dishes are about or over $20.  Okay, I didn't keep this review too simple.  But it's still bulletin pointed. Oyster Bar is one of those places that you have to try at least once.  Yes, the wait is long.  And Yes, it's in a smokey casino.  But if you're into gumbo, jambalaya, and overall good food, then Oyster Bar is your place. YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (497/500)
5	Before taking us to Oyster Bar, my friend warned us that there's usually a long line for Oyster Bar. And boy, was there a line! We got there around 3pm (totally not peak hour) and still had to wait an hour. There's only a long wait because the restaurant is bar-like and only has around 17-20 seats. Not only that, the chefs cook your pan roast right in front of you!We ordered a dozen oysters ($19) and they weren't anything special. I actually prefer oysters elsewhere. The pan roast ($22) comes out in a HUGE bowl. You can definitely share with a friend, but they charge you ~$5 if share. You can order your rice on the side if you don't want it all mixed together. The pan roast is thick, flavorful, and filled with lots of seafood!I wish we had a seafood place like this in the Bay Area - I love seafood and I love the concept!
5	This is such a unique eatery, I'm surprised it's in Vegas.  It takes a while for the cook to make your food and there are only 16 seats bar style at the counter.  Although the ambiance is meh (in the middle of the casino floor of a meh casino), the food and personalities of the cook and server totally make up for it.  We've been here multiple times, I think we've had all the cooks and servers who work here and there isn't a bad one.  The best thing on the menu is hands down the combo pan roast.  The combination of ingredients give the base so much depth.  I'm addicted to all things spicy and a spice level of 6 is good enough for me (but maybe it seems more spicy because the pan roast comes to me piping hot and I just want to scarf it down!)  We also get the oysters from time to time.  I've def had better, but these are not bad for the price and they are giganormous!   We always try to come at really random times to avoid lines (10:00 Sunday mornings is our secret).  If not, get ready to stand in line.
4	**Disclaimer: I don't eat seafood so my review is based on the non-seafood items**Prepare to spend a good chunk of your life waiting to be seated here. I didn't mind too much as I had friends waiting in line as I played Wheel of Fortune. This place really is a "bar" so there are only about 20-25 seats, thus the wait. Everything is made to order right in front of you. My personal favorite is the pan roast which is tomato and cream based. You choose the level of spiciness from 1-10. They throw in habanero peppers if you order a 9 or 10. I had a taste of my friend's New England clam chowder (chowder part only) and it was pretty tasty.Aside from the occasional ridiculous wait time, this place is definitely worth trying at least once.
4	The food is outstanding but you have to wait for it. Is it worth it?The Oyster Bar is inside the Palace Station Casino. The bar only has 18 seats. We got here at 8:30 pm on a Monday thinking we could avoid the infamous wait. No such luck, eleven people ahead of us in line. The line did not move for 40 minutes. When it finally moved, it went quick. At the one hour mark, we got seated. Yay. Well not so fast. After you're seated, you're given a sourdough roll and butter. Thank you, thank you thank you. We were starving and that helped a lot. A few minutes go by and they take our order. We waited so long I memorized what we wanted a half an hour ago lol. 40 minutes later our soup comes out. An hour & 15 minutes from being seated we got the oysters. At the two hour mark from being seated we got our entrees. 3 hour 15 minutes from waiting in line to finishing our meal. Was it worth it?Here's the rundown:New England Clam Chowder - Delicious. The bowl was full of clams and the soup was just outstanding. Oyster (a dozen) - was so so good. Cocktail sauce, horseradish and lemon accompanied the oysters. One of the best oysters I've ever had. The chef was having problems with one of the oysters (didn't want to stay in the shell) we were playfully teasing him about it and he was such a sport about it. We all had a good laugh and he put an extra oyster in for us. A bakers dozen, all delicious. Plaza Pan Roast - it had shrimp, crab, chicken and andouille sausage. It's my first pan roast and it was delicious. The brandy and cream was a good combination. All the proteins were cooked perfectly. I specially liked the andouille sausage, a little hint of spiciness worked well with the broth.  I got a number 7 on the heat scale. It was not spicy for me at all. I could not finish my bowl, it was so rich and I had a lot of oysters. Lol. I will have a good lunch tomorrow for sure. I was also able to taste the following dishes. Combo Pan Roast - it had shrimp, crab and lobster. My Mom's choice. Zero on the heat scale. It was as good as mine. Tasted the lobster and that was very good. Good amount of it too. Lol. Bouillabaisse - was so good. My brother's dish. 7 on the heat scale. It was spicy. Ouch. But it was really good. The broth was clean and very flavorful. It had shrimp, crab, lobster, mussels & clams. Great broth. I would get this next time. Service was excellent. The chef was friendly and entertaining. The wait. It didn't bother me at all. It was more entertaining than anything else. I got to talk to other people waiting in line and making fun of the situation we were in. I even got to meet a couple of local Yelpers and she told us about a Korean/Mexican fusion restaurant (Komex). The 3 hours went by really fast. It's an experience I won't soon forget and isn't that why we go to these places and go through all the hoops. LolWas it worth it?I say Yes!!We had great serviceWe had great food. We had great conversationsWe had a memorable night. I'll definitely be back
5	My husband and I ate here 2 days in a row. That's how good it is.We had the seafood chowder and pan roast the first night and two pan roasts the 2nd day.Oh and of course we had a dozen oysters, caesar salad, and cheesecake.Everything's excellent except the wait!
5	OMG Batman get in here NOW!So I love pan roast, I mean I love it! The pan Roast I had here was amazing! I took the fire level up to a 5 (1-10) and it was very good, next time I will go a 2 or 3. First time I have had this served with rice, interesting, but very good!The oysters on the half shell? I almost fell out of my seat! They were large and super fresh and yummy!This was a second attempt to eat here. The first time we had 5 in our group, this time just 2. So the bummer is, it really is just a bar, a small bar, maybe 20 seats in a half round.I love watching the chef prepare food, it is just cool. The waitress was super nice and attentive, the food was amazing!I'm from S.F so sea food is my thing and this place rocks.Yes the casino is old and smokey, don't care, the food trumps it.Parking was easy peesy (I did mention it is in a casino)..No reservations, might have to wait in a line, looking on and feeling growing stomach pains. I wish this were a tad bit bigger, not the best for a group (if you all want to eat at the same time) a single or 2 ppl is your best bet..I will be back!
5	The BEST! From the Pan Roast to the Jambalaya to the fresh cold seafood you can't beat this. They are now open 24 hours and if you get there and there is a line, you absolutely MUST wait, thinking no way? Trust me it is worth it, whether you are waiting for 15 minutes to 2 hours, you will be glad you waited. This is as good as it gets. We have coming here for many years and always make it a point to eat here. Even pack Tupperware to bring the pan roast home! Caesar Salad is great, oysters are amazing, JJ has been cooking here for years and Dolores?Such a kick, she doesn't miss a thing! Put this on your list and try it, you will not regret a moment.
2	Sometimes in life we do things just to say we did it. I guess one such event would be the oyster bar "experience" in Palace station. I can now be inducted into its int'l brotherhood of diners therebecause of the :--2 hour wait in line , like cattle--pervasive stale smoke stench(nicotine not bbq applwood) infusing every nook and crannie of the casino--only to be serviced by smart ass wait staff and management who think your a ball bearing on the assembly linethe food was actually fairly good, even though i was tossing and turning all night from the heavy spices. I might go back only during non-busy hours when that hotel fixes the air filtration suystem, and limits the low lifes comin and goin, but wait. TIV this is Vegas and none of the above aint nevah gonna happenOverrate, seriously,. Save your coins and do seafood at the Rio, or Orleans
5	The last time I had ate at this location was in 1999 so it had been truly a long time since I tasted this great food!  I had the Combo Gumbo with all the goodies and a tall tall beer which made it for a great Vegas lunch!  If I lived in Vegas this would be my spot!!!  Can't wait to go back soon, I hope!
5	WOW! I had to bust a less than 24 hour mission to vegas for business and the only thing I required was a good meal. Boy, did I get one. Let me start by saying, I found it on yelp and was eager to go until I put it in navigation and realized we were headed to "Palace Station Casino." We opted to go somewhere else because really how good can something be in a run down casino like that? We were SO wrong. Luckily, we got there around 2 on a random Wednesday. We waited about 20 minutes. I let the chef, Bob, know that we were first timers and he recommended the Combo Pan Roast. I had never even heard of Pan roast before, but according to Bob and yelp, it's a must order. WARNING: Bob likes to make it spicy. He says 7-10 is reallllly spicy, and I wanted to order a 7, but he talked me out of it and I got a 6 instead. It was still really spicy so beware! we also ordered a dozen oysters on the half she'll and the New England Clam Chowder. DON'T get the oysters! They were very fresh but super large and meaty. Not the way I like them. The clam chowder must have been the BEST CLAM CHOWDER I've ever had!!!!! That's saying a lot because I was just in San Fran! It was the perfect consistency and the flavor is superb. I'm back in LA and can't stop thinking of that Pan Roast! Holy Shit was it good!! Cannot wait to go back. THIS IS A MUST TRY FOR ALL SEAFOOD LOVERS!!!!
3	The wait is ridiculous. Granted it was 1pm on a Saturday. If you plan it right, you'll probably not have to wait 3 hours to finish your meal. You begin to share a sense of camaraderie with those in line with you (and a bit of frustration as there are three seats open but a group of four at the head of the line). I got the Combo Pan Roast, medium. It was delicious and had excellent flavor. The chef behind the counter was obviously overworked and needed a break. His attempts to smile were a bit sad, but the food he produced was great. At one point he threw up his hands, walked out of the small restaurant area, walked across the casino, and disappeared for 5 minutes. This was while my food was still cooking and slowly evaporating away. I was genuinely concerned that I'd never get to eat.Stop by if you have some time and are willing to travel to Palace Station. Be prepared to wait at meal times and try to keep your group smaller.
4	4.5Let me start off by saying this place is LITERALLY a bar - 18 seats total, and MAYBE one more if they're feeling generous. So basically, if you're coming with a group of 5+ I'm judging you (just kidding... but seriously). Despite the size, wait, and being off the strip the food is AMAZING and makes up for all the little nuisances. We ordered the clam chowder, raw oysters, and the combo pan roast (lobster, shrimp and crab). The clam chowder was hearty and did not skimp out on the clams or potatoes at all. Raw oysters were good and definitely tasted fresh. The real winner, however, was the PAN ROAST. Sooo filling and hearty! A cup of rice is included with the pan roast but personally, I think it tastes even better with the complimentary bread they provide. It's a bit pricey and they charge you if you're sharing (unless you buy ~$18 worth of appetizers), but there were two of us and we even took it to go so I believe it's worth the price. You can also adjust the spice level (1-10) and even ask for peppers on the side.  Tip: It's open 24 hours and I heard the best time to go with minimal wait is around 8-9 a.m. I went around 6:30-7 p.m. and the wait was about 1.5 hours.If you're tired of all the buffets on the strip this is definitely a tasty alternative!
5	Allow me to preface by saying that this place is worth the wait. Hands down one of THE BEST meals I've had in my entire life. This is not an understatement. The dishes are too die for. I kid you not, I nearly cried/orgasmed with the sensation of joy of the fresh oysters, clams, and their hearty stewy dishes like the Boullabaise, the Gumbo, and the Pan Roast. OH the Pan Roast!It's a small little bar, so the wait can get lenghtly. Food doesn't come out quick either so add that to the equation and you got yourself a hefty line. Thank goodness it's 24/7! We started with the seafood combo of 3 large raw oysters, 3 large raw clams, and 3 shrimp cocktails. EACH was phenomenally delicious. Juicy of the sea, yet not fishy. Clearly, I was extremely impressed with this place. I loved the raw clams so much, I had to order a dozen more, and slurp them up with sauce, and fresh lemon squeezes. Heavenly.The Seafood Pan Roast was lovely. If you're like me and love a kick, level 6 is a good one. Huge crab, lobster, and shrimp meat - with a tomato spice flavor, it was inexplicably sooooo delicious. I do recommend requesting the white rice on the side.It's quite affordable for the luscious flavors and sinfully delicious experience you're gonna get. I already miss it. Take me with you!
4	This is a bar with limited seating so the wait can be brutal.  They food is worth the wait so be patient. The clam chowder and pan roast are what I recommend.
4	This is my 2nd time eating here and both times the wait was very long, over an hour. The set up is 1 U-shaped bar and 1 chef with assistants next to him working the line. However, the line is that long and people still wait in it for a good reason. This hidden gem is no longer that hidden and is also open 24 hours.They start your off with a roll and butter to hold you over after such a wait. What we usually order between my fiance and I are dozen raw oysters on half shell and a pan roast to share. The oysters are fresh but I have to admit there's tendency for a little more oyster "mud" than I typically expect, nevertheless still good. About $17 for a dozen. The pan roast tops off the meal, this is the limiting factor to the pace of this meal. There are pots that cook the pan roast orders in front of the patrons at the bar and they are cooked in order of how you were in line, so sometimes if you finally were able to sit, you may have to wait a bit longer if you didn't make it onto this current batch of pan roasts. We've tried the combo pan roast and the palace pan roast, the main difference is combo has lobster and palace has chicken and sausage. The palace is 22.99 and combo is 19.99. I personally like the palace better since it is more filling with the chicken, the crab and lobster kind of just disappear into the sauce. The menu says there is a $5 fee for sharing, but they didn't charge us even though they gave us each a bowl of rice, which is pretty cool of them (extra tip!). If you like spicy sauce with your rice, dont be scared to ask for more spice. We ordered 7 out of 10 and it was still not very spicy. Good satisfying meal! Next time I gotta try the clams on half shell.
5	The foods are really good even though we waited for 3hour 15 minutes.It would be better if they move to bigger place
5	I came. I saw. I conquered. I know I'm a late bloomer, but for some reason I kept hearing about their pan roast! So I had to see what the deal was. Located inside the Palace Station, this Oyster Bar seats only 20 people I think. With raving reviews, you would have to come prepared to wait an hour or so. Don't come starving, because you'll be waiting a while. Trust me. It is well worth the wait.We got the infamous PAN ROAST and we tried to change it up to try multiple dishes and also got the ETOUFFEE. Pan Roast. It's all about the Pan Roast. The chef described it on the dot. It is like a lobster bisque with shrimp, crab, and lobster. They also add some rice with it as well. Mhm, and I love me some lobster bisque. You can also choose your level of spice in both dishes which ranges from 1 to 10. 6 is pretty on the dot if you want a nice kick, but not too spicy. The etouffee was delicious as well, in which I also highly recommend if you don't want the pan roast. However, it's just not strong enough to outshine that pan roast. The etouffee also had the shrimp, crap, and lobster.Pan Roast was $19.99 and Etouffee $17.99.I commend the chef for all his hard work, cooking all those dishes at once, non stop, and still able to keep the quality of the dishes top notch. He's truly a master of his craft. I definitely recommend this to be a place to try at least once, but even just talking about it now makes me crave for some pan roast!
3	Overpriced but good food. I'm sure my family liked it better than me. My daughter and BF really love seafood. They are avid seafood eaters, but we've had better.
2	Cook on day-time is super surly.  Steamed clams was recommended but was disappointed as there was a flavorless broth.  Had to add salt!  Hardly any herbs, little butter, and over-all, tasted like a tiny bit of clam base straight out of a jar from Smart and Final mixed with a little water.  Also over priced, wait was horrendous and walked out smelling like an ash tray.  But the beer was nice and cold and the bread did not disappoint.
1	Seriously Am I missing something here? After reading these incredible reviews we came here at 3am, waited about 30 minutes in line even at that time. We overheard the customers in front saying they had waited 2 hours in line before. So you think hearing that you are in for a transcending, mind blowing almost hallucinating experience from the pleasure of what you are eagerly awaiting for right? Nope. The oysters were orange in color, suspicious flavor and one of them was bubbling. The worst oysters I ever had. We felt queasy after. We also watched the cook use frozen seafood to make all the other dishes as we sat around the bar.
5	This place has hundreds of reviews so I can't imagine what I have to say that is different, so I will just say this: the wait time to get a seat is ridiculous. I was thinking to myself that this food better be phenomenal in order to justify the wait. And you know what? It was. I got the jumbo pan roast (shrimp, crab, lobster), and the wife got the crab pan roast. Both were extraordinary. So, check out this place, but be ready to stand in line a long time. In the end the wait is well worth the patience. I would return in a heartbeat.
5	When visiting Vegas make sure you stop by Palace station and visit the Oyster Bar the best pan roast in town!!!!
5	This is A MUST when visiting Vegas.  I always try to have at least one meal here when I go to Vegas.  It's off the strip but well worth the drive or taxi.  I almost always order the Pan Roast with sausage.  It's the best!  It has seafood for seafood lovers and also for those that don't like seafood, you can get chicken and or sausage.  The sauce is creamy and buttery.  I'm not sure how much cream or butter they put in it, but they make each bowl fresh.  It's cooked in the steam kettle that takes about 20-30 mins to make.  It's worth the long wait, even 2 hours when I go at peak time.  I think there are only 11 seats so I wouldn't recommend for a large group.  Go at odd times to eliminate the long wait and small groups are recommended.  I usually like the smaller oysters but theirs were pretty large but were very fresh.  If you're not a huge fan of large raw oysters, don't get them, save your stomach for the pan roast. Their portions are pretty big so sharing is a good option or left overs for the next day is always good. They will happily pack it up for you and even give you another bowl of rice.  Service is pretty good so I'll always return for my pan roast.
3	First time to the Oyster Bar. Was looking for an oyster place to try out in Las Vegas and this place had the most reviews. They have only one type of oyster. I forgot where the origin is from. It tasted alright. It was juicy but didn't taste as good as what I had from Seafood and Company and Neptune Oysters in Boston. It had a clean taste. I was expecting a lot since this place is an osyter bar and had a lot of good reviews. However,  I highly recommend the New England calm chowder. Very tasty and don't forget to add the tobacco sauce to the soup. This place is opened 24/7. The only drawback is that is has limited seating and it is bar style seating arrangements so it may take awhile to get seated.
4	This is a must when visiting Vegas! The place is small and has about 16 seatings so be prepare for a wait! The food will make it worth it though. We usually go around 4am after we leave the clubs, but even then we sometimes have to wait around 20 minutes.The server/waitress and chef are always friendly and attentive. I especially like how the chef is able to make all the food in front of us while still carrying fun conversations with everyone at the bar! They seem to remember their regulars as well.Their pan roast is a must get. It is a creamy blend of different seafood flavors. If you can handle spicy, get a level of 5 or more. I didn't taste any with 5 so next time I will up it! Their clam chowder is also amazing. What stood out the most for me are their oysters!!! They are big, fresh, and so juicy!! I have to come here at least once every time I make a trip to Vegas.
5	I was a pan-roast virgin prior to coming here and our friends insisted we make the trek from our hotel at 11pm at night.  The line wasn't bad at all, we were 3rd in line but the total wait from beginning until we got our food was probably 2 hours but it was sooo worth it!!! When I took my first spoonful of the house pan-roast with lobster added, it was basically an orgasm in my mouth.  I was in foodie heaven!  And, big shout out to chef Holloman!  The dude is hilarious, clearly loves what he does, and is great entertainment for all of us!  We came back the following night cause we were hooked and he wasn't there and it just wasn't the same.  Anyway, my mouth is watering just thinking of this place.  We tried a similar place afterwards in LA that claims to have stolen the chef from Oyster Bar but it was NOT the same.  This will be an obligatory stop every time we come to Las Vegas!
3	The wait was 3 hours for 4 people. Finally we sat down and this was the experience:Ordered the clam chowder, crab salad, dozen oysters and lobster pan roast. The food was excellent and very flavorful...I give that 5 stars. Now the customer service was not as good. I don't know the chefs name who cooked our food, but our server was Chrystina. Now, she works very hard but can have an attitude. She was talking bad about the couple who had just left before us, which is unprofessional. She rolled her eyes and had an attitude when I asked for a second order of bread...I was starving after waiting for 3 hours! Also, she and the chef who came in for the next shift we're arguing and going back and forth. I did not wait 3 hours to have to experience this...I watch enough of the Real Housewives series to get all the drama I need. I don't need it while my family and I dine. To summarize, I give the food 5 stars and the customer service a 2.5.
4	This is one of those places that is a must before leaving Vegas. The palace pan roast appears to be the most popular and is the only item I get whenever I get a chance to dine here. Maybe next time I'll be brave and try something new. It's just an open bartop with bar stools that only seats enough for about 12 people. So for the rest of the people...ya gotta wait in line! That's the worst part when you're already hungry you not only have to wait in line, but you get watch others before you feast upon all that delicious goodness! Their clam chowder is also very tasty and is a great starter before your meal. But definitely get the palace pan roast!! Don't leave Vegas without it!
5	Yes you may have to wait during the rush, but it is well worth the wait.  I've never had a bad meal here. Hubby and I like to come during the off hours, (2am) because there usually is no line.The pan roasts are excellent and the service is great. It's fun watching 2-3 people create yummy seafood greatness in such a small area. It is like watching a well choreographed dance at times.The late night oyster specials are a good deal too!
5	What can I say?  I like this place a lot and their pan-fried is the best!There is usually a long wait here (sometimes over an hour to 1.5 hours) but let me tell you its worth the wait.The soup portions are so big, I usually just share with my wife while we eat oysters.I notice a lot of regulars come here which says a lot about this restaurant and its great food/customer service.Highly highly recommend the pan fried.  I also like the Jumbalaya but to me its all about the pan fried.Its spicy so i would recommend getting something under medium if you can't handle spice well... or order something else.They also have beer specials for cheap after 1am.
4	Good food, friendly banter - what's not to like?  The place is tiny and sometimes the wait could be long, but it's one of the few restaurants in Vegas that would survive in other cities.  You sit at the bar with like 20 seats total.  The food is freshly prepared before your eyes.  The crowd is a pretty interesting, I saw one women take a nap in the middle of her meal.  I tried the lobster pan roast, house gumbo, oysters, and clams.  Everything was pretty darn good and portions are very generous - so be careful not to over order like we did ! .
4	As someone who doesn't like to wait in a long line for food, I have to admit, I'm willing to wait the hour or two for this place. The wait depends on when you come here. If you think coming late at night will help you avoid the crowd, think again! Odd hours like early morning or mid afternoon are actually your best bet. There is a higher chance of a huge crowd around late night or after clubbing. Service here is fantastic. Everyone is chatty and friendly. It's definitely a cozy bar with about 18 seats. It's probably best to come here in groups of 2-4 and not a huge group. The seating arrangements will make it extremely difficult to have your party seated together and at the same time. But everyone is friendly and will try to make room for your large group so you can try your luck.   As for the food: Oysters by the dozen - One of the best oysters I've ever had. It's a pretty platter of 12 oysters with cocktail sauce, horseradish, and slices of lemon. Most of the time, very fresh. They chuck them on the spot. There was one time that it was not very fresh when I came around winter time. Other than that one occasion, most of the time, it's absolutely delicious. Pan Roast Comb- Hands down my absolute favorite! Highly recommended. It's a great combination of cream, tomato, butter, and brandy with generous amount of shrimp, crab, and lobster. Also comes with a scoop of rice.  It's delicious and creamy, with a nice kick of spice. It's been the favorite amongst those I take to eat here. Bouillabaisse - Broth with generous amount of shrimp, crab leg, lobster, mussels and clams. It's pretty good, but not as good as the pan roast in my opinion. House Gumbo- I personally don't recommend it. It's a combination of shrimp, crab, and lobster, with Andouille sausage and okra. I ordered this last night and probably won't order this again. It's not that good in my opinion and I would much rather order the pan roast. New England Clam Chowder - Pretty good. A decent sized bowl with large amount of clam meat. It's nice and creamy, although it can be a bit heavy. *I think your experience also depends on who is the chef. I wish I remembered who made my pan roast during the summer of last year. It's still the best one. The chef was amazing with his fast efficiency and execution. I was amazed watching him at work. My food came so fast and was sooo good. Then I went a few months ago and it was a different chef. I seriously question if he was hung over. He spilled oil off the sides to so many times and missed spices for so many of the pans. I was frustrated just watching him.
5	This place is incredible! I've come to Vegas so many times, have tried so many restaurants/buffets and this place is the one I am always craving for! The line is always ridiculously long so I decided to come at 2am on a Thursday night, still waited an hour to get seated, but when I was leaving at 3am there was no wait so I guess that's the time you need to come if you don't want to wait in line. I am never a fan for oyster but people I've come with said their oyster is very good! But gumbo is a must-get if you come here, there is spice level 1-10, people seem to like it spicy but I like my gumbo at spice level 4 just so that my anus wont explode during my trip. This place is open 24 hours btw!
4	I first came here many a year ago, and I remember the New England Clam Chowder being absolutely amazing. It wasn't so much this time. It was very flat, but my friend's etouffee was pretty great. This was our third attempt at going, as other times, we just didn't have time to wait in the line (which I never dealt with back in the day, but I guess word got out).It's still really good though.
4	Love it!! Went there for the first time in Dec 2013 with a friend and was told the wait will be long because it is just a "bar", which it really is just a bar.  We went on a weekday (wednesday night) and waited at least 30 minutes to be seated.  Don't let appearances fool you because the food is amazing!  I had the pan roast and it was delicious.  Generous serving for the price.  Well worth the wait.  Will come back and eat again.  Not a place for big parties because seating is very limited, I believe only 24 bar seats.  But you must try at least once and you will be hooked.
4	Oyster Bar is a no doubt a hidden gem in Las Vegas, from what I heard there's an another location in Harrah's but price is higher and probably more crowded since is in the strip.  One thing I really hate is not the restaurant itself but the location. The casino cigarette smell is very strong and almost unbearable.Our group came here in a weeknight, there is only two group before us but the waiting was over 30 minutes long.  There are maybe around 20 seating at top of that the cooking expect to take another 20 or 30 minutes.  The bar setting is a kitchen like those in a ramen shop except you can see the whole kitchen.  Food was careful prepare and you see they not rushing make your food and really take their time and not to avoid short cuts.Pan Roast and some other dish there is a charge of $5 extra per person if the food is been shared, and you cannot do takeout either.  However, you can take back the food if can't finish it.  They gave you dining roll, which are warm and soft.  We only order two item, one is the full serving of Oyster and the second one is the Combo Pan Roast.The oyster was fresh and mouthwatering, juicy and you can really tasted the flavor.  It was day and night quality compare to the oyster found in Bacchanal Buffet. The Pan Roast was delicious and was well balance in term of the soup; it wasn't heavily tomato flavor, the soup come with lobster, crab, and shrimp.  There was little bit of lobster meat, and decent amount of crab, but the shrimp won me over, it was good quality.  The price is far cheaper than the Harrah location but with more limited selection.  What it matter is the quality of food is not compromise here.  So if you are tired of eating of buffet, this would gave you a totally different taste bud.  Just aware expect a wait and the atmosphere is not as pleasant.
4	If there's a line, it's worth the wait.We came here after a night of bar hoping on the strip, and while I was skeptical at first, I'm glad I waited. Don't expect San Francisco fresh seafood (otherwise it would have been 5 stars) but they know what they are doing. A group of 4 of us, we all ordered something different and were all more-than-happy with our meals. The beer I had here was damn good too!The hotel it's in isn't that awesome, but it's worth the short drive.
4	Pan roast was delish, but not necessarily worth the 1.5 hours we stood in line for. Pan roast is basically a tomato bisque filled with seafood and/or chicken/sausages depending on what you order; don't get me wrong...it was really delicious, but that wait DOE! :/
4	Linda S. does not wait in long lines for food...except today. Today was about subjecting my family to driving across town to a long wait inside a smoke filled casino which has surely stunted my daughter's growth...all in the name of PAN ROAST. I would have lived the rest of my life ignorant of such a dish, but I became aware of this PAN ROAST in my quest for clam chowder in Las Vegas. The name itself brought images of a sort of pot roast, and of course this is sooo not even close.I've been to Palace Station for conventions and would not have guessed I would be dragging my family here to eat on a Sunday afternoon. Crazy. I was hoping the line wouldn't be too bad, but we ended up waiting 1.50 hours to get our food. About 45 minutes into waiting, I noticed the 21 & over sign, so we inquired about take out since we had our daughter with us. They do offer take out but we would still have to wait. They only have about 18 seats at the bar. 18 seats plus 13 people ahead of us translated into about an hour to be seated.I was especially curious to see how they prepare the pan roast. They use special steam pans and the food is cooked right in front of you. The chef was very jovial and interacted with patrons. Maybe if he just cooked, it would go faster. But the customers seemed to enjoy it and the servers were very nice.I am terrible with remembering chronological order but here is my account anyway. If I missed anything, please feel free to let me know as I would like to attempt this recipe at home :) First came a scoop of butter, then garlic and chopped veges (looked like onions, celery and red peppers). Then I think he added the fresh seafood, followed by a ladle of clam juice. He let it cook until bubbly. Next came the sprinkle of chili powder to taste (1-10 level) and other seasoning...possibly celery seed. He let it cook some more. Then a splash of brandy and white wine. Finally a healthy ladle of a creamy red stock. Cooks it some more until hot and bubbling. The last step that put a smile on everyone's face was when he tips the pan into the bowl, puts a scoop of white rice and serves it up. The long wait is over :) Nom, nom, nom! Be careful not to burn your mouth as it comes out very hot.PAN ROAST is a delicious and creamy seafood stew full of flavor. The combo pan roast has shrimp, lobster and crabmeat. Not at all fishy and very satisfying. The broth is rich and so flavorful,  you won't believe that you finished the entire thing...I know I didn't.The CLAM CHOWDER  is one of the best I've had. Creamy but not heavy. Tender pieces of clams and small little chunks of potato (not too much). Another winning dish here.I am happy to say that I would venture another trip to the Oyster Bar for the PAN ROAST and Clam Chowder.
3	I had the Manhattan Chowder and the seafood jambalaya. Both were pretty good but tasted pretty similar. My bf had the  etouffe and that also was very similar. I didn't try the gumbo although it looked identical to everything else.  Very cute experience. I would go back maybe if I had another Cajon craving since this is the only place in vegas I've found. It's a decent place to eat but if u compare it to real Cajun food than u will be a little disappointed.
3	Not impressed...I waited in line for over 2 hours hoping the long wait would be worth it.  Unfortunately I was disappointed (and this was even after drinking 2-3 beers while standing in line!!!).  When my bf and I were finally seated, we ordered more beer, a dozen oysters, a cesar salad, and the gumbo.  I won't rate the beer because it's kind of a given (haha).  The oysters were good- well prepared, fresh, and came out promptly.  I know I can't expect much for a salad from a seafood establishment but the salad was pretty salty and not very fresh.  Plus it was kind of pricey for just lettuce and croutons!  It's cool you see your gumbo or soup made in front of you since you sit at the bar.  However, I wasn't impressed with the gumbo itself.  I know traditional gumbos add file powder to thicken it and it can be a little bitter, but our gumbo was very much on the bitter side (if that makes sense).  Although it's maybe not a far comparison, I much prefer the gumbo at Emeril's Fish House at the MGM.Again, unfortunately this experience wasn't what I had hoped especially after seeing all the great yelp reviews.  Maybe I was just cranky I had to wait so long!
5	Went here on a Thursday Jan 16. I think we got there about 10pm ish. Fyi this is a actual bar that has been converted. I would say max seating capacity is about 18. When we arrived there was about 6 people ahead of us so the wait was about 35 mins.This place is worth the wait! If you have never had steam kettle prepared food this is the place to try it! My wife and I both ordered the "Palace Station Pan Roast" with lobster added to both orders. You get to select the spice/heat level of the dish. We kept both to a level 3 & that was pretty mild.I did see them make some level 10 using fresh habenero chili in it. And over heard the chef saying that they make one using ghost chili. All of this for me pretty much would waste the taste of the shrimp, lobster, crab etc.Anyhow our Pan Roast was the best we have ever had! And we have 2 places close to where we live here in so cal to compare it to. The Boiler and Ritter's SKC both of these places have ties to this place.We also ordered 2 tiger shrimp cocktails. They were top of the line severed with a home made cocktail sauce with fresh ground horseradish. The quality of the shrimp were top notch.OK here is some advice........DO NOT come here if you are in a rush. Don't come here if you are impatient .Don't come here if you are not up to standing in a short line that moves very slow.For us it was well worth the wait. Watching the staff prepare the dishes was a show in its self. Hangin out and chatting with the locals is way cool also. Most of the patrons that were here when we were, were locals and return customers.It was nice to get out of our 5 star blah of the Aria and the ol 45 dollar buffet blues to have something different and tasty! We will definitely return here!
4	This is my first positive Yelp review for a restaurant that you should grab a bite before going to, it is that slow and it is that good.I took off the one star because it is only the second best Oyster Bar I've experienced (the other was in New Orleans and was washed away by Katrina), and it is not uncommon to have to wait for well over an hour to get a seat.I've hear of another place over here on the west side that might give Oyster Bar some competition.Stay tuned for more...
4	Here's the rundown:- Unique, small, just a bar location inside Palace Station casino- Waited 15 minutes for two seats at 6:15pm on a Tuesday evening- Wait looked to be 45 minutes when we left- Didn't count the seats, but less than 20, all around the bar- Good personalities in chef, waitstaff- Watch your food be prepared, including cooking in unique steam pots- Oysters, Clams, and Shrimp appetizer was very good.- Enjoyed the Pan Roast ... had no idea what a pan roast was until eating here - loved it.  I had the "combo pan roast".- Asked how spicy I wanted it, from 1-10.  Asked for 5, but should have said 6-7.Conclusion: I'd go back and enjoy another pan roast and the fun setting and service!
4	I read on yelp that this place has great food so I thought I'd stop by since I was in Vegas. First off there isn't much seating at all, I think it's less than 20 seats. Anyway I went on a cold day so there was a line and I waited an hour half but it was worth it.My friend and I ordered the fresh dozen oysters and you get to watch them crack it open for you. Then comes the long wait for the good stuff, the seafood gumbo. I gotta say that this was one of my highlights of my trip (and I won $$$ gambling). I haven't tried much gumbo before but I gotta say that this was worth the hype. The sauce is great for the seafood and I know my gf will like this because she doesn't want her seafood tasting too much like "seafood". The sauce is a little spicy and they ask how spicy you want it from a scale of 1 to 10, I ordered mine a 4 yet it was still spicy so keep that in mind.Overall I'm impressed by how one dish makes this place popular. The seafood gumbo is now a "must have" whenever I'm in Vegas.
5	Actually got seated the second day we tried, and it was excellent.  Went at about 1:30 PM on a Saturday, no-go; wait would have been 2+ hours.  Returned Sunday morning at 0930, three of us were seated immediately, SCORE!  The dozen oysters were big, fresh and tasty.  Each ordered the combination pan roast, with my brother and I asking for 10 on the heat scale.  Several regulars warned us off of that, but we pressed any way.  It takes a while to cook, but it is worth the wait.  The level 10 had quite a kick and was delicious.    The only "complaint" I have is that the pan roast retains heat (temperature) like molten lava, the stuff just won't cool down.  Be careful.
4	Pretty sure this is where 90% of all crazy Vegas stories happen.Ate here a couple times last weekend.Visit 1: Nearly got into a fight with a berzerker Chinese tourist.Visit 2: Watched a large sassy black woman yell at guy for 30 minutes straight about Viagra. I don't even..can't..brain good.Etoufee wasn't for me.Wayy too salty. Much as I'm ashamed to admit, probably a little too spicy.Learned my lesson.Got a 3/10 on the chowder.Perfection.It's like all the seafoods combined.-Lobster.-Shrimp.-Clams.-Crab.Creamy, hot, and filling.You want this.Especially at 3am after a night of raging.P.S. Don't go at 3am.P.P.S. No seriously. Don't go. Epic line.P.P.P.S. It's not even like it's that many people waiting in line. They small batch it and cook it to order, so it just takes awhile for the food to finish. Minimum 1 hr wait.
5	We've been here twice now for the famous pan roast, and the second time I thought my stomach would literally explode.  Let me explain.  This place is #2 on Yelp's Best of Las Vegas restaurant list.  I never even knew what pan roast was until there was a Yelp Talk thread devoted to it.  Pan roast sounded like some kind of pot roast to me where beef or some meat was roasted in a pan, right?  Wrong.  Pan roast is actually like a giant bowl of lobster bisque with crab, lobster, and shrimp, if you order the combo pan roast, which is what I have gotten both times. And, with that giant bowl comes a giant spoon to eat with. Located inside the Palace Station, the Oyster Bar only seats about 16 people at a time because it is indeed a bar.  People line up patiently for their turn to be seated and served, watching their food being prepared in front of them.  The first time we went, we arrived at 3:00pm on a Friday afternoon and waited for 70 minutes.  Really.  The second time, we got there at 2:00pm on a Friday and waited about 30 minutes.  I've heard stories of people waiting for 2 hours or more.  We talked to a couple in line ahead of us who stay at the Palace Station when they visit just so they can eat at the Oyster Bar.  Service is always friendly and it's fun to speak to your fellow diners; everyone is in a good mood there, maybe because they're finally sitting down and getting their fix while other people wait in line behind them.  The bread and butter is good and so is the New England Clam Chowder.  Those are the only other items I've had there, but that's all you need to know, really.  If you've never had the pan roast, you should try it at least once so you can taste what all the fuss is about.  It's so good that you just keep eating it, even though you're full, hence the stomach-about-to-burst feeling.  Just try to go on a weekday in the mid-afternoon or some other odd time; they're open 24 hours.
5	So we're in the middle of the desert -- you know, Vegas -- and we are craving good seafood. It's our first time in Vegas, so what do we do? Consult Yelp!The Oyster bar had great reviews and didn't look too expensive, plus it sounded like a great adventure, so we dropped the address in our nav and headed to Palace Station. It was quite a change from the upscale casinos we had visited on the strip, but it was a classic. We found the line and one of us waited while the other made drink runs, and we waited about 40 minutes with 8-10 people ahead of us. No worries, though -- there was great people-watching and we could take turns playing the slots a little bit while we waited.Really, the wait was worth it. The oysters were really fresh, and watching Holloman make our pan fried was definitely entertaining. Everything is made in the steamer right in front of you and you can watch every step, request your spice level, and add or adjust ingredients as you like. The portions were generous and the company was fun. The next time we are in Vegas, or even just driving through, we'll stop by the Oyster Bar for sure!
5	If you can go when Bob and Dolores (probably bucthered the spelling there) are working, do it.  Bob is a fantastic chef and Dolores is a speedy and friendly worker.  It's all about the combo roast with the shrimp, crab, and lobster.  I've been going here for years now.  The quality hasn't changed, but the lines have gotten bigger.  Expect to stand in line during the lunch/dinner rush for up to 2 hours.   Well worth the wait if you can hang.  Just get some drinks at the Irish bar across the way and play some of the penny slots that are next to the line.
5	Food was delicious!  So glad I found this place on yelp.  Just happen to be in Vegas and did not want to do the buffets.  Looked in yelp and read the reviews.  So glad we tried it.
5	My boyfriend raved about this spot for the longest. I finally got the chance to try it for myself. Omg the first spoon full of my house gumbo was AWESOME!! We were so greedy we ordered double crab, shrimp, chicken and lobster! The gumbo was seasoned to perfection. I ordered mine at a #7 which was a little too spicy for me. I haven't stop talking about this spot since I left Vegas. This will be my "go to" spot every time I go to Vegas!!
5	OMFG this place is AMAZING.We had to wait in a line for like 60 minutes, but totally was worth the wait.We had two items: Palace Pan Roast with lobster, Shrimp, Crab, Chicken, and Andouille Sausage - spicy level 5. Alaskan Chowder, New England Style with Shrimp, Crab and Lobster. And Oysters with Horseradish and Cocktail Sauce. So delicious!The local vibe here is also great. The guy next to me was Vegas native and spent his entire life of 40 years here, enjoyed the convo over the great food. Fabulous experience indeed!
5	This place is open 24 hours and there is always a wait, that's how good it is. I have Rtitter's back home with the steam kettle cooking method too but it's just not as good as Oyster Bar. Part of the wait is due to the fact that there isn't many seats and they're understaffed. I feel for these employees they work their butts off. Although they're probably tired the service is not affected. I think they should have atleast one more person working the shift and possibly expanding. The first time I went it was a 2 hour wait just to be  seated and there was about 14 people ahead of me. The second time there was 5 people ahead of me and luckily I got seated after 20 minute wait but the food didn't come until an hour later. I go pretty late at night too. I recommend the pan roast spicy level 9 if you can handle the heat, by the way I'm normally a 7 spice level at other places. This still tastes good the next day when the rice breaks up it adds texture. It goes well with pasta too. The shrimp and lobster fra diablo is delicious too. The difference with the pan roast is that it has brandy and cream. If you're ok with eating raw seafood give the clams on the half shell a try. It's chewy and doesn't have the smelly salt water taste. The New England clam chowder was meh. The portions are big but there is a $5 split charge, kinda steep in my opinion. Screw it just order to and eat the leftovers tomorrow. If you're lucky and have  a microwave in your hotel room. Or get creative and heat it up with a blow dryer. You can also chill it in an ice bucket or sink and bring it back home. They have moonlight specials 1am-9am 16oz bud light draft for $2, bloody mary for $3.50, half a dozen oysters on the half shell for $9, you save $3.
5	What can I say, this place still rocks! Had lunch here on Monday and what was supposed to be a "snack" ended up being a full blown meal! Started off with oysters and clams on the half shell, and ordered a combo pan roast with a spicy level of 10. Yes 10, the heat is so unbelievably good! Some of the patrons seated next to me were dying with a heat level of 6, so people were looking at me like I was nuts.Ricardo and Dolores are awesome! Great sense of humor and both on top of their game!
5	I started going to Oyster Bar a few years ago. Every time I eat there I always rave about how OMG amazing it is to friends and family, and I'm sure whoever has also eaten there does the same... so naturally the place has become exponentially as popular as it was a few years ago! But its definitely worth the wait! and now its 24 hrs.  :)I always get #1. Alaskan ChowderThe Alaskan Chowder is the New England clam chowder base and has lobster, crab, shrimp, and clams in shell. Its basically clam chowder on steroids!... and they probably sprinkle some crack in there too. It's so addicting and to die for!and #2. Pan Roast (Combo)The Combo Pan Roast only has seafood, no chicken or sausage. I think if you get the meats, it changes the flavor of the stew. The consistency is so creamy and rich, and full of flavor. You can select your spicy level 1-10. I don't dare to go past level 4. I think most people get spicy 5, and its pretty spicy already.I always want to order an extra "to-go" meal, because I just can't get enough of it when I'm in town... but they don't let you. :(   Until next time Oyster Bar... I'll see you in my dreams!
4	Very good Cherry Stone claim and OMG. Pan Roast with Crab was unbelievable.. Oyster was not fresh but Cherry Stone claim was VERY VERY Good ! We had to wait in line for 1 hr. 30 min. not because of many people waiting. There were only 14 seats and systems is just really bad for people waiting in a line. Worst thing is there were no internet connection and  you just have to wait for ever~~~. But food is absolutely good.
5	Delish!! wait is long but worth, Everything is so good.  I love it
4	Over all good place to eat.Luckily we didn't have to wait in line but we still waited 40 minutes for our food so I couldn't give 5 starsOysters were very good but too big. So made me full. I ordered crab pan roast was very good. Great portions lots of meat. Jambalaya was good lots of meat and great portion. I would come again but not if there is a long line.
5	Is it a bar with oysters? Say whaaaa?!? *confuzzled*I didn't understand the concept at first, but my boyfriend swore to me that the Southern Cajun dishes at this establishment are superior in quality and taste. I was sold because one of my favorite cuisines is Southern. Think bold, spicy flavors :P I'm also always open in trying new restaurants that specialize in Cajun dishes.When we arrived, the "bar" was nestled comfortably on the left of the casino. There were a few patrons in line, who didn't seem irritated or flabbergasted at the long wait, even though, I'm quite sure they waited for at least an hour or possibly, even longer. I think the  booze and cigarettes helped their moods :) I should've known this! :PTIP: This is not a sit-down restaurant where there's a waitress taking down names; it's much more informal -- when there's an empty chair or a chair opens up, the next patron waiting in line takes it. You wait in line until you're next up AND there are enough seats to accommodate your party. So keep in mind-- keep your parties small so that the line can easily keep on moving or you're left waiting for a LONG time (expect 2+ hours) if you have a bigger party.My boyfriend and I were fortunate that we stood in line with very friendly, cheery, funny, and obnoxious (in a positive way:) patrons that confided in us about the food and their experiences at the bar. It kept us company for a good 45 minutes. After many laughs and loud giggles, two chairs finally opened up for us! I felt like I won the lottery! :) I was that giddy.We both ordered the combo pan roast and received our orders in 30 minutes? I don't remember the exact wait time for the food because I was chatting it up with the patron next to me and my boyfriend :) Anyway, the chefs make the food in front of you, and sometimes, or maybe because I'm easily entertained, it's quite amusing to watch them. This helps the clock tick a bit faster. The pan roast with a small scoop of rice was absolutely perfect. Just everything -- its spices, the abundance of seafood in the bowl, and its portion, I felt like it was an experience that I didn't want to end. The food was on point that night. Next time (and my boyfriend promises me that there will be a next time), we will order oysters as the starter and share a combo pan roast. I was so full after the pan roast.I can't wait to relive this experience... but with drinks of course :)
4	The drive from LA to Vegas is brutal.  Well, not horrible, but sitting in a car for 3.5 - 4 hours deserves some kind of reward.When planning our Vegas trip, of course one of the first things we do is decide what and where we'll eat during the weekend.  This place was the first one on the list.  It had been on both of our bookmarks for a long while.  It seemed only fitting to treat ourselves to a delicious meal from Oyster Bar after our long drive from LA.We read the Yelp reviews and knew that we had to hit this place up when we got into town.  We would be arriving at about 1-2am, and according to the reviews, probably the best time to avoid the wait.  After searching the casino, we found this little tiny bar.  Yes people, the reviews are all true.  It's tiny.  It's basically a bar with seats around it (about 18 or so).  Get in line to be seated, and be prepared for a wait.  Of course, by the time we were seated, we knew exactly what we were going to order.  One combo pan roast and 6 oysters.It was 2am in the morning, and I was struggling with the concept of sleep and enjoying my delicious meal.  But this meal was too amazing to pass up.  The oysters came, and my friend and I had three each.  Paired with the cocktail sauce and horseradish, those oyster were a great prelude to our meal.  The oysters were fresh and at $10 for 6 (midnight special), it was well worth it.The pan roast.  OMG the pan roast.  If you come here and can't decide what to order, just order the pan roast.  You won't be sorry.  My friend and I shared the plate.  There's a $5 sharing fee, but you get two scoops of rice instead of the one it's usually served with.  Besides, we could not have finished one each anyways.  We ordered a 5 level spicy, and that was good enough for me.  Not too spicy, just enough that you know there's some spice in the dish.  Yes, order the pan roast.  You won't be sorry!!Great meal for the start of our Vegas trip.
5	This place is L E G E N D A R Y. The wait for this place is pure torture. We waited a good hour before finally getting seated. Once seated, they make the food right in front of you one by one. There's very limited seating hence the long wait. If your lucky and you come at the right time (preferably after hours) you will not wait too long.We got the oysters to give us something to munch on while we wait for our entrees.For our entrees we got the Pan Roast and Gumbo.The Pan roast is made up of lobster, shrimp, and other seafood in a thick, creamy tomato based stew with warm rice. I LOVE how they have levels of spiciness and you can make it as spicy as you want. YEA!The Gumbo wasn't as good as the Pan Roast. It tasted a little muddy and murky but it had lots of goodies inside like sausages. I won't be ordering the gumbo next time and will stick to the Pan Roast.
5	Combo Pan Roast was amaaazing. I will be sure to stop by whenever I'm in Vegas. Came here around 11am and there was no wait at all. They make all the food right in front of.
5	Wow.... I was SO sure I had already written a review on this place.... So, Oyster Bar... what can I say that hasn't already been said?  Probably not much. FIRST off, get over the fact that its located inside the Palace Station Casino.  That threw me for a loop the first time I went, but I easily got over it after the first spoonful of food.  SECOND, get over the fact that the seating is literally A BAR and very limited.  THIRD, get over the wait.  Ok, wait, let me rephrase.  If its 12-15 people deep, forget it and come back at 8am.  However, if only a handful, wait.  It's SO worth it.  I read the reviews and came here first with my cousin.  She wanted seafood I was game.  Though when I figured out what casino it was I was hesitant.  When I walked into the old casino I was like, oh geez... are we gonna get food poisoning?  However, we waited in line.  After about 40 minutes she and I were starving and ready to give up.  And the girl in front of us turned around and said it was worth the wait.  So.... given we had waited this long already we waited some more.  Pan roast...wtf is a pan roast?   I though it was a roast of beef or something.  Clueless I was!  We shared a combo pan roast, number 5 on spicy scale and a dozen oysters.  Sure... so I thought these massively large oysters were ridiculously altered genetically, but they were fresh and delicious....so I chomped my way through those. What can I say about the rest of the meal??? Um.. the first time I went here I was dizzy from elation.  I mean it looks like a tomatoey, cream based soup if nothing else.... but it is delectable!Went back to Vegas for Christmas after that visit and I dragged my unhappy husband there for lunch.  We tried to go the night before but at 1130pm, there was a retardedly long line which I estimated would not be a happy wait.  I was afraid too that our group would give out and end up at Subway around the corner!  So... lunchtime... grumbling husband about how this better be good.... We each got our separate soups (how greedy, huh). I got the combo pan roast, level 5, he got the etoufee, level 6 (Silly boy).  They were both yummy, but because the etoufee was too hot for us, we had to keep switching bowls to let the other person's mouth cool down.  Our group didn't come with us for this lunch...so they insisted on coming the next day.  Fast forward next day... at 830am we get there and voila, NO ONE.  Not one person was there, no line, nothing.  We sat right in the middle and the 4 of us proceeded to order our food.  As we were waiting for our stews to cook, all of the sudden the whole place was full of diners... lol.  So we figure the magic hour is between 8am and 9am.   The place is open 24 hours so you can experiment however you wish.  Hubby came back a month later for a conference.... dragged a couple more of his coworkers to eat here.  He tells me with glee that it was awesome.  OF COURSE IT WAS!  They are consistently good, always!  Bob cooked for us twice when we were in Vegas and I wish we could just package this stuff and take it home with us.  Wish they'd ship across the country.  Even if not exactly like the real thing, I'd even take something that comes close! Go and try... you won't regret it.
5	This place is absolutely great.  This has to be at least my 10th trip there.  It's a must each time I visit Las Vegas. And now since they are open 24 hours, i often frequent twice a day.  Gumbo, Pan Roast, Chowder...All declicious.
5	No matter what always a must have meal and stop in vegas. Been coming here for over 10 years. The house pan roast is what they're famous for, but the jambalayaand clam steamers are also among my favorites. This place is located inside the old Palace Station Casino off the strip. its been popular among the locals, but words have spread over the years and many out of towners will still come and wait in line for this hidden gem in the dessert. They have also changed the hours to 24hrs a few years back, so you can come to have a bowl of this tasty creole food anytime of the day. Sitting is limited to the bar counter and we found out you do have to be 21 & over to be served.
5	One of the best I have tried!  I usually order the Gumbo, Etouffee and Manhattan Clam Chowder but everything is good there. The line speaks for itself! Good thing that its open 24-7 but expect to wait at least an hr or more during prime time. We usually go around 10am for lunch and 4pm for dinner to cut wait time. Depend if you would see this as a good thing or not, everyone can alternate waiting in line while the rest donates money to the machines and when your done eating and don't want to wait for the slow eater, go donate some more.Service:Is wonderful 4/5 times which is understandable as these guys work their butts off. Regardless, they always try to put on a smile and still have a sense of humor with good spirit. Atmosphere:Since its a bar setting (well, obviously)  you know what your eating and how clean it is because they cook everything right in front of you.
3	Got here at 9am on a Monday and what do ya know??? Only two people there besides me!!! It's the MAGIC HOUR!!! Woohoo! Ordered the Alaskan Chowder and a tequila oyster shooter! Great chef, Thanks EZ...Great Waitress and good company next to me! By 945 it was only one seat open!!! I'll be back Palace Station!
5	This place is crazy good! They make the food in front of you in these kettles that are built into the bar. Sometimes Im not sure which one is mine since there is literally no-stop business here.The place is literally a bar with very limited seating and there is ALWAYS a line. I went at 2am and had to wait 45 minutes to sit down. It is definitely worth the wait though.I ordered the pan roast and it is some of the best food I have ever had. The pan roast reminds me of curry and is delicious. Its so good that I am now on a mission to find something similar to it in my hometown (ive been told it will never be as good as the one at Palace Station tho).Highly recommend everyone tries this place out. Food is good, food is fresh and the line is justified.
3	What? Why? I need to go at like 10:18am on a ..Tuesday or something odd so I'm not in line salivating watching the chefs make eyes at customers as if they are better than us (because they are).First timers: JUST GET A PAN ROAST AND DON'T **** WITH THE OTHER STUFF.Someone needs to write a review on all the different chefs.  I know one guy make it spicier than the other, one guy stirs it differently than the other, one guy is really sarcastic so be prepared...
5	This place serves my favorite clam chowder in the whole wide world.  And because it's open 24 HRS, there are times I have seriously considered jumping in my car in the middle of the night and driving all the way to Vegas (I'm in the OC, a 4 hr drive away) to indulge in their Alaskan chowder.  I haven't done it yet, but just wait, one of these days, I definitely will.Only downside is how dinky this place is (a counter with only 15 seats or so) and there is always a wait and the line moves so slowly.  But it's definitely worth it, even though it's torture to see all the diners tucking in to their dishes right in front of you.  Pan roast is pretty good here but I'm not a big fan of jasmine rice, I wish they served it with either Uncle Ben's or a short grain (yes, I know I am very picky when it comes to rice).  I have yet to try the gumbo, will have to give it a whirl the next time I'm in town.
5	The wait may be long, but the pan roasts are the best in the city.  You won't regret standing in line for one.
5	This place is hands down some of the best food i have ever eaten, the 2 hour wait was WORTH IT, the shrimp and lobster fra diavolo over linguini is the best fra diavolo ive ever had in my whole god damn life, the staff are amazing as well, i will be coming back here and recommending this gem to every person on the fuckin planet.
5	After being told by numerous people to check this place out, my boyfriend and I decided to give it a go. We went on a Monday around lunch time, and there was a line. Took maybe 15-20 min of waiting (not bad). This place is really small. No tables. Just a bar with about 10-15 spots. The waitress that helped us that day was so nice and funny! **another thing, you have to be over 21 to even eat here (so incase you have kids or under 21).We both got the pan roast with lobster, crab, and shrimp. I got my heat 5 and my boyfriend got his heat 2. They were both so delicious! I really wish I could have finished the whole thing but it really fills you up! They offer a take out container also. This is my new go to spot in Vegas. I don't care how long the wait is! It's awesome.
5	OMG THIS PLACE IS AMAZING AND DEFINITELY WORTH THE LONG WAIT!!!!!If you're drunk and with your friends waiting, time will fly by fast. The way the place is laid out is in the casino area of Palace Station, literally looks like a little bar area, and seats no more than 15-20 people, TOPS. My friend, bf and I waited like an hour. LADIES, make sure you switch your heels from the club/dayclub with some comfy flip flops or flats!!!! You will thank me later. I have this tendency where I order too much food when I'm drunk, but with waiting for an hour, WHO CARES?!!! SO NOW ONTO THE FOOD!!!!OYSTER SHOOTERS:MMM YUMMY. Super refreshing AND OYSTERS WERE FRESH TO DEATH. HIGHLY RECOMMEND. COMBO PAN ROAST:My friend and I got one each... and it was sooooo goood. It came with shrimp, lobster and crab and the texture of the orange stewy sauce was soooo succulent and eating it with the scoop of rice they give you on top is just simply amazing. BOUILLABAISSE:My boyfriend got this, and it had noodles in it and was a little more soupy but still had some stewy texture. He says it's HIGHLY COMPARABLE to bouillabaisse in the EAST COAST and Oyster Bar is the best place for it on the westside. ALASKAN CLAM CHOWDER: OMG THIS CHOWDER IS SO GOOD. PROBABLY THE BEST CLAM CHOWDER I'VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. It comes with shrimp, crab, lobster, and of course, CLAMS, and the chowder is so RICH in flavor and the PERFECT AMOUNT of saltiness. GET IT MANHATTAN STYLE or New England style. Be ready to pass out for about an hour or two before you rage some more... this place hits the spot and is definitely amazing COMFORT FOOD. Even the NEXT MORNING we reheated all of the leftovers in our hotel and it still tasted SO AMAZING. I URGE YOU to make time for this place if you're a seafood and stew lover if you're ever in VEGAS. Hope this helped! ;)
3	Ahh! Such a disappointment. I know I still gave it 3 stars, but for the long wait it should really be even less. We got a dozen oysters, the clam chowder that everyone raves about and the combination pan roast. The dozen oysters were fresh and decent sized. It came with a side of horseradish and lemon. There were also plenty of hot sauces around to try. Overall, good. The clam chowder was the biggest bust of them all. It's good clam chowder I'll give you that. There are plenty of good pieces of clams in it. But come on... Best ever? I think not. It's ordinary.The combination pan roast was a good spicy Cajun type dish. It had a good amount of seafood (although looking around, other people with the same dish had more so maybe we were just getting punked). We ordered an 8 level of spicy and some how it was like a 10. We tried our friend 10 and ours was even spicier than his. Not even enjoyable to eat. Few bites in and we were done with it. The place is super small and severely understaffed. There is one chef cooking at 6 steam kettles and also shucking all the oysters. There is one or two waitresses at a time and they do everything!! Taking orders, serving alcohol, bussing tables, bringing checks, packing take out, etc. yeah it's typical stuff but they were really working super hard. No wonder the wait takes sooooo long. I don't blame then but there has gotta be a faster way of doing things.Overall, the food was decent but I really wouldn't wait that long again. It's just not that exciting to me to waste a day in Vegas over this.
4	Decent oysters.Had the combo Pan Roast at level 10 spice. Tasted pretty good with a nice kick.The wait is a pain and my return to eat here would be based on how long the line is.
4	I have never waited this long for any restaurant ever !!! My boyfriend kept talking about this place EVERY time we came to vegas, so of course we decided to come. The first time we came, we were lucky only waited about 45 minutes. I ordered the gumbo which was amazing. They ask how spicy 1-10 you want it.  I got 7 and it was spicy. If you can't handle a lot of spice, I would suggest you get 5 or lower. They cook everything right in front of you which is pretty cool. My bf got the panroast which is the most popular. Although it was good, I enjoyed my gumbo more. Second time I decided to get the jambalaya which was also appetizing. Stepped down my spice from 7 to 5.Always a generous amount of seafood into your dish and the servers are friendly.At least there's slot machines around you to kill some time!
5	This place is amazing! I would've never known about it if a local Las Vegas resident hadn't taken me. We went at around 2:30 a.m. and ended up waiting about 45 minutes to sit down because this place is literally a bar where they cook the food in front of you, so only about 12-16 people can be seated at a time. Trust me, it's worth the wait! I ordered the House Gumbo with a spice level of 5 or 6 (can't remember) and it wasn't super spicy, it was soooooo good and the fact that they make it in front of you is even better. This will now be on my list of places I must eat at every time I'm in Vegas. Highly recommended!
5	Loved this place! Only 20 seats or so in a bar-type set up, so definitely not ideal for a big group. Best for a couple. At times you have to wait 1+ hours but it's worth it.  The hot roasts we so good and easily shared between 2 or as great leftovers.  Rich and filling. So much flavor, can't wait to go back!  Didn't try the oysters though, doh!
5	After many years of living here, I've only been to the Palace Station 3 times. THREE! My roomie dragged me here cause he said that they have good oysters. Like freshly good!  I didn't drive so I didn't care where he was taking me.This is an oyster bar, it has a bar set up, therefore you have to be 21+ years old. The wait line is kinda awkward cause it's by the rewards center and slot machines. The wait was about hour to hour and half. Yup, line was long. I had a couple beers while waiting. Yeah, I got drunk. But hey, at least I remembered what I ordered.Ordered the shooters which was 3 for $10. If you got vodka, they add a bloody mary mix. Spicy, lemony, oystery, and vodka-y. For main dish, ordered the lobster gumbo with level 7 spiciness. They start cooking your food right in front of you. You will start tearing up because you're so hungry. The bottom line to the dishes is that it was AMAZEBALLS. Spiciness was perfect. Amount of lobster and sausage...yum!Service was good. You can tell that the chef loves his job. Watching him cook was like watching a T.V. show. There are two other servers and they will get you other things (water, beer, or more oysters).Will come back again! But I wil have one of my friends to stand in line for me. Must stop for some New England/Southern/Seafood food.
5	Combo pan roasted (10/10) - comes with a ton of seafood.  i love spicy food, so i ordered a 6 of 10 spicey kick.Ricardo (the Filipino chef) is great. Super entertaining and very attentive. Our group enjoyed him very much! Salamat!Clams (7/10) - first time having raw clams, and I did not enjoy them.  Too much of an "Ocean" taste for me.Oysters (8/10) - really good oysters.  linguini with class and white sauce (9/10) - so much flayvah and so much meat! A+
5	So here's the scoop:1) No matter what time you go (24/7), there will probably ALWAYS be a wait.  (This is an indicator of how AWESOME the food is there)2) The wait it TOTALLY worth it!  So stay in line!3) The Pan Roast is so good, it'll make you slap somebody!4) The portion size is enough to eat twice! (But it's so good, you may try to eat it all at once!)5) It was one of my BEST meals while in Vegas.6) Although the pan roast is not advertised as "cajun," if you have them to spice it hot for you, it is some of the most AUTHENTIC cajun food you'll ever have on the west coast!  (and I'm from down south!)7) The service is great, and the chefs engage in conversation w/you while preparing your food in front of you!8) This place is on my MUST visit list every time I'm in town!Bottom line - Don't miss hittin' this place up before you leave!
4	Combo pan roast with chicken crab sausage and shrimp level 6 spicy. The spice was right and would definitely eat again but would not wait 3.5 hours in line for it. There were 5 people in front of me. Logistically wise the restaurant sucks. Just open up a place already.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  WORTH THE WAIT!Guys listen to me.. This place is absolutely unrivaled in terms of food quality and fun service.  Oyster bar at the palace station is absolutely amazing and if you're visiting Las Vegas this is a big local hot spot.Yes the wait is long.  We waited about an hour and half but seriously this is worth it.  If you can wait in line at the DMV or for the new iphone you can wait at this place and you won't regret it, i promise you. Service:  So much fun!!!  I've never had such a great time with the staff and honestly got to the point of tears due to the laughter.  Everyone seated by us joined along in our festivities and jokes and it was truly a memorable dining experience.  Our chef Ricardo was hilarious, knowledgeable and just an all around great guy.   He explained to use that they only have limited seating due to health codes and the pots they use to create the gumbo and pan roast have been used for ages.  The seasoning and flavor is literally embedded into the pot and expanding the restaurant would mean introducing pots that are new and not already fused with the spices of the years of usage. We got the oysters which were freshly shucked right in front of us and tasted very fresh and plump, very nice.  The spice range is from 1-10 and they tell you that anything above a 5 will leave you sweating.  Personally I think I could've done a 6 or 7 but the 5 was perfect.  Just enough kick without compromising the true flavor.  I got the gumbo and it was to die for! So many blends of spices and served in a giant bowl.  You will end up taking it home which i'm not complaining about, you'll get to carry the experience back home. Overall: This place is absolutely amazing and i never ever mind waiting in line for it.  This is truly a gem of Las Vegas and if you ever stop by, you definitely need to check this place out.
3	The lowdown: So, if you can roll with the punches, you aren't too hungry, you're not in a hurry, and you love seafood with a kick, this is a delicious place to eat. I would readily go again with who wanted to, but I'm not comfortable giving it a strong recommendation generally.The food at Oyster Bar is *easily* five stars. The service knocks it down two just as surely. Be aware that this is a time commitment: we went for supper on a Tuesday night - we got in line shortly before six, and it was nearly ten when we left.I don't mind waiting for good food - and the food is worth the wait! - but after about an hour and a quarter in line, when we sat down the service was terrible. It was twenty minutes after we were seated before anyone spoke to us (only to tell me that we couldn't order anything yet) and well over half an hour before we were served drinks. This wasn't all the server's fault - she seemed expected to do way more than she was capable of. She would disappear for long periods of time, making it very difficult to order if you needed something - and we did. One more staff member to bring drinks to the line, prepare salad and appetizers, and bus dishes could have made a big difference. That said, she didn't manage the situation well - it's great to keep a good disposition, but razzing customers who are unhappy is no good. I felt badly for having recommended the place. We ordered a dozen oysters to share and a pan roast each. The oysters are huge and delicious, but we watched her pour the liquor out when she shucked them - what a waste! My only complaint about the food. The pan roast, though - *so* good. Easily the best thing I ate in Vegas. All of the soups and sauces are prepared in this neat contraption with six small soup vats, so you can watch the whole process from your spot at the bar. The cooks are friendly and will answer questions and chat with you (but not assist the server). The combo pan roast was outstanding, and you can order it with a kick. There's lots of perfectly cooked seafood, not just a couple of shrimp like there can be some places, and the portions are extremely generous. Despite all the downsides of our experience, I'm thinking back fondly on the food. I wish we'd been able to bring home leftovers!
5	The level of spiciness seems to depend on the chef. We went in the afternoon one time, ordered spicy level 6 and it was nice and spicy this time! I went with a combo pan roast with pasta this time and I loved it (:
5	By far my favorite oyster bar in town. Yes, the wait can be long but it's really worth the wait.  Ate there Saturday night and the chef was Ricardo....dude is crazy funny and the combo pan roast was spectacular!  Seem like we had dinner and a show lol! I'm a local here and had recommended this place to my family and friends....all of them are hooked!  Until next time!
3	I was SO hungry and SO excited to try the infamous Oyster Bar located in Palace Station. The wait was extremely long because this place literally IS a bar. There were only around 16-18 seats. I think we waited 45 minutes to be seated.There was only one chef and one waitress. The place only had six steam kettles, so you can pretty much know when you're going to get your order. We ordered a dozen oysters, a dozen clams, and the combo pan roast which has different kinds of seafood in it. The oysters took forever because there was only one chef.... so basically he handles the chucking of oysters and clams, as well as cook your entree. The waitress seems really busy as well because she handles the clean up, drinks, checks, and appetizers coming out of the back kitchen. The oysters were plump and juicy which was a plus. They have oysters for $1 from 1 AM to 9 AM as well. The clams I didn't like so much. They tasted old and had that strong ocean taste; I've had better clams elsewhere. The pan roast took forever but when it was finally ready I wasn't that hungry anymore. The sauce has more of a tomato flavor and was bright orange compared to Ritter's Steam Kettle Cooking in Costa Mesa, California. I did like the fact that Oyster Bar has more crab meat in their pan roast. I would definitely come back to try the Alaskan Clam Chowder though. I can't help but compare this place to Ritter's, but I like how Ritter's pan roast isn't as tomato flavored, has more lobster pieces, and there is no wait. My BF likes Oyster Bar better though, so it really depends on your taste and experience.
5	As noted by all of the other reviews,  there WILL BE a wait as this place has only 18 seats and a limited number of cooking kettles, but your tastebuds will be so delighted that the wait will be well worth it! Upon approaching the Oyster Bar inside the Palace Station Casino you could smell the cajun spices and heat in the air.. just follow your nose! Fortunately there were only 3 people in front of us at 4pm on a Wed, so we only waited approx 15-20 mind for seats. Upon sitting down you can see the authentic kettles and masses of incredible seafood being prepared deftly by one chef. Lobster, crab, mussels, clam, brandy, garlic - ever delicious Cajun ingredient being expertly boiled, simmered, seasoned and prepared to perfection. I have only had seafood as flavorful as this on my one trip to New Orleans. Though we didn't have the oysters, they were being shucked right in front of us and they looked SO incredible! Huge and plump and looking so fresh, we will definitely be ordering a dozen to share next time! I had the combo pan roast level 6 of spiciness and JJ, the chef that prepared our food, cooked and spiced it to perfection.  It definitely had a kick and every piece of seafood was cooked perfectly - lobster, shrimp and crab. My girlfriend had the shrimp and lobster fra diavolo and it was spicy, brothy, and delicious. The pasta seemed very fresh and drank in the smoky, spicy broth amazingly.  The portions were huge and we left with enough food to eat for at least a meal or two later.  If you aren't grumpy hungry and are willing to wait a little while for genuine flavors and quality this is the place to go!
5	You are going to have to wait, but I believe the food is worth it. I have been coming here for a couple of years when I'm in town for business before it was open 24hrs. I brought my wife and now whenever we are in town it's a must stop.Service has it's good days and bad and each chef has different spice level, I've had a level 10 spice from one and a level 5 from another you might want to ask the waitress.Items I love to eat here are steamed clams, raw oysters, and Combo Pan Roast.I've tried the Gumbo which is really good and the raw clams which were ok. It is a bar so no kids have seen may people try and be refused. I have tried other Station properties but none compare.
4	Yum! My friend and I got into Vegas on a Friday night at about midnight and was looking for a place to eat. We had never been to Oyster Bar, and was on the fence because it had such good reviews...but at Palace Station, really?When we got there at about 1:20 AM, there was a line! We were surprised! Luckily it only took us about an hour to get seated and worth the wait. We shared a pan roast (combo - recommended to us), clams and linguine, the clam chowder, half dozen raw oysters, and a root beer. Yes, it was a hearty amount!While waiting for the food, I noticed how the cook was preparing everything. Each order was made to order and prepared individually. I think this really adds to the flavor and freshness of the dish. This is especially unique because the types of food they serve is usually slowed cook and takes long periods of time to prepare, but they were able shorten the period and still make it delicious. The clam chowder was one of the best I've had a in a while. It was on the thicker side in regards to soup, but plenty of clams and light on the potatoes, which is always a plus. The pan roast was tasty and I will definitely be reordering this dish - seafood in a lobster bisque...can't go wrong! The half dozen oysters was delicious w/cocktail sauce and horseradish. Finally, my clams and linguine was good. I am personally always on the hunt for the best clams and linguine since Santa Barbara, but with no success, while I can't say this was the best I've every had, it sure does come close! I had left-overs and was totally bummed that I forgot it in my hotel room before returning home! ='(I can't wait for my next trip to Vegas, because I will definitely be hitting Oyster Bar again!
5	One of best comfort food ! Pan-Roasted Anything..  We love it so much that the leftover are coming with us. Some how in some way, the next time u eat it, it taste even better.. We saved it, in our mini refrigerator on the cosmopolitan hotel. FROZEN.. even better.. until we got home tonight and had it for dinner .. !!!
4	this place is delicious! Since they only have seats around the bar, the wait can be horrendous at times.  We waited 45-60 min for 4 seats.  But it's worth the wait. The oysters are really good, as are the other dishes they have.
5	Wow. I tried this place based on the reviews and it was better than everyone said.this real good
1	New look but line still suck. I know your business is good n you don't care about how long people have to wait coz your food is good. But please, have the god damn sympathy on people  so people don't have to feel like dummy n wait in line for 2 hours. My suggestion is to get beeper of some sort to give it to people so they can just go their merry way, gamble, n come back to eat when their beeper vibrate. Also what kind of bullshit system is that you have to wait in line to order take out as well?? Sometimes not all your steamers are used and you can make more money by taking take out order. I love your food and I am a regular but I can only do this so much before I stop coming abd also tell my friends not to come anymore. I know you don't care about one person giving you bad review and it won't make a difference to your business but I don't care. I just want a good service and sometimes I don't even get that at the counter because the server don't care about the customer. Good food can only get you so much. I came from a city where I usually have to wait in line but never get treated like this n it is just bullishit. Also I know food has been taking longer than 25 minutes . I know for a fact that seafood don't take that long to cook. Longer food means longer wait n you get less customers.
5	Went there a year ago - you will have to wait - if you like spicy this is the place for you - you can tell them 1 to 10 - my wife had 6 and could've gone higher - I had 5 and that was plenty spicy.  You will have to go at odd times to avoid a wait - we had to wait about 30 minutes.  If you have a large party (more than 4) will have to split party and may not get to eat all at the same time.
5	Tried Bouillabaisse for the first time at Oyster Bar this trip and it was amazing! It might be my go to dish from now on. Amazing oysters...so meaty and clean. We ended up making the trek twice! Tip: There's almost no wait when you go around 3pm. Any later and a line starts to form.
4	the place: set up is bar sitting. about 12-15 seats. only has 6 pots going at once. what that means is that there's gonna be some wait. I went there around 330am and waited about an hour or so in line and another hour until I actually took my first bite. is it worth the wait? sure why not? cuz I don't think your E going to get a dish like this anywhere else in Vegas. it was more of an experience for me than anything else, but the food was great too. the food: it's all about the combo pan roast. crazy tomato based soup with crab, lobster, and shrimp. it's goodness in a bowl. I highly recommend that to anyone that comes here. My friend had the gumbo.... It wasn't as good as the pan roast. I got it at level 10 spicy. it definitely had a kick and while it didn't drown out the flavor I needed a glass of water after every bite. next time I'm going to get it at around level 5. although I do lot eat oysters, people that had them said they were the best and freshest they've ever had. only downside is the wait because it can take a whole depending on your timing. there were people ahead of me that were waiting for 2 hours. overall I recommend this place.
5	Delicious oysters at 3am in the morning? Why, yes please!! This place is open 24 hours. After we arrived to Vegas, we were undoubtedly hungry after the long drive and decided to come here to satisfy our cravings.We ordered:1. Fresh oysters on the half shell ($19.99/dozen): the oysters are huge! Since you sit at the bar, you can watch the chef shuck the shells and the oyster meat is very big! Pretty much well worth your money. The oysters tasted fresh and delicious as you slurped them up! (5/5)2. Palace Pan Roast ($23.99): fresh seafood sauteed with cream, brandy, and tomato. Our huge bowl came with shrimp, crab, chicken, and andouille sausage. It comes with a bowl of steamed rice. An extra bowl of steamed rice is additional $2.99. Overall, it is very delicious!! It is just as good as the House Pan Roast at Ritters Steam Kettle! (5/5)The service is friendly and you can definitely tell that this place can get pretty busy! The whole bar was full of customers even at 3-4am in the morning! So that pretty much says A LOT! Will definitely come here again =)
5	Giving this place 5 stars because they prepare the meal in front of you and damn it smells good.  I ordered the cioppino and yes, the seafood is frozen and overcooked and the spice level is somewhat deceptive as 6 is flaming hot.My mother in law ordered the alaskan chowder and it's rich and creamy, it's an excellent choice.  My wife ordered the bouillabaisse with a 7 spice level and it's approaching can't taste the food realm.But.... you can't beat the price you pay and the experience.Big tip: you should go during off hours as the other reviews mentioned because it does get crowded.  It's open 24 hours and the best time to go is around 11AM.Another tip: they will accept Station Casinos players card points if you gamble there, including Red Rock and Green Valley Ranch.Highly recommended.
4	The first piece of advice about the Oyster Bar? Prepare for a wait nearly anytime you come.  (At around 3:30PM though, it wasn't as bad as what I heard around 2AM where my friend waited for 3 hours).  And when you arrive there, you'll see why.  It's a tiny little area with seating only for about 20 people around a literal bar.  Indeed it's open for 24 hours but don't let that fool you either.  The food here is good and everything has spunk/personality.  Some cool notices - the food is prepped right in front of you.  The 'cooks' have a lot of personality.  And it's a great area to people watch such as seeing the regulars come on by.  Finally, they have a lot of late night deals.  Heads-up.Drinks-wise, they have beer and wine available for around $5-$15 with a decent variety.  They also have oyster shooters in beer/tequila/vodka variants (3 for $10) and they taste delicious of course.  We had the tequila versions.  They also have raw oysters available as well as soups Along with this comes a number of entrees. They have a number of dishes like jambalaya and some pasta all based on southern dishes.  The real things to focus on, in my opinion is the pan roast and gumbo.  I personally got the palace pan roast which comes with meat and shrimp while my friend got the combo which is basically seafood.  Another friend got house gumbo which came with seafood.  (PS: There is a split charge so just either try to get your individual dish and share if you want to taste or if you really have to - split it.)  The pan roasts were absolutely terrific.  We had them at a spice level of 7 and 8 for both pan roasts and 8 was still doable for those used to spices.  I personally was a bigger fan of the combo as well with the seafood really shining through and having a great taste.  You can also ask for the rice in it to be on the side.  The gumbo wasn't too bad although I personally preferred the creamier pan roast more.  And in the end, the meal was about $70-80 which was a great price for 3 people and a number of drinks/appetizers/main courses.  The wait may not always be worth it; the location far off the strip and the small seating arrangement kind of 'eh' but the meal is one of the better ones in terms of price and taste in Vegas and at least worth one look-see.
5	This place is a MUST when in Vegas!! Their pan roast is BOMB!!! Be prepared for a long wait. There's limited seating in this wrap around bar. Although the line only had maybe 10-12 people ahead of us it took an hour and half for our group to be seated. I know they were renovating the last time we were in Vegas, so maybe that has changed! We've tried pan roast other places, but oyster bar in the palace station is hands down the best!!!
5	Good god this place needs more seats.  This place is one of those places that ANY item you get is gonna be a good choice.  Even the Cesar salad was good here (yes I got salad here).I would stick with the pan roasts and the gumbos here.  You can get the crab cocktails and oysters and such, but the big hitters are the soups.  Phenomenal.  I want to go back just to try the gumbo.  They have some noodle dishes I want to try as well.Damn the smoke in the hotel and that atrocious line.  But what can you do?
4	I would give this place 5 stars because the food is soooo amazing! But the wait is horrible, they need to expand this place. Just to eat the my pan roast we have to wait for up to 1-2 1/2 hours! But it is worth is the food is amazing, and the staff is also funny. FYI this place is 24HOURS! so if your ever out here in Vegas try this place out for breakfast or after a night of partying!
5	I'm an oyster eating fool. I don't know what took me so long to get over here, when Arvin T came up with the brilliant idea of stopping in after the Zarkana event, I think I was more excited for dinner than I was the show! We show up around 9pm on a Saturday night and there were only a few people ahead of us in line. With only 20 seats at the bar, you're left staring in envy at the people shoveling spoons of goodness in there mouths. You get excited when someone is handed there check, oh good, they're leaving, we are next! We are seated and are anxious to order, both of us were so hungry, we contemplated finishing the stew the guy next to us left (just kidding, well maybe) we are given a sourdough roll and some butter, oyster crackers and water. I need food, not fillers. We start out with a Caesar Salad (this was really, really good by the way) and an order of Fresh Lump Crab app. We were like scavengers trying to find the last pieces of meat on the plate, it was so good! We then had an order of oysters of the half shell, that night it happened to be Gold Band Oysters from Louisiana. They were enormous, and I wasn't a fan. They were served with cocktail sauce and a dollop of horseradish. I'm generally a lover of smaller oysters like Kusshi and Kumamoto or Fanny Bay, I'm not holding this against them, just wasn't a fan of the taste of these oysters. The finale....the Combo Pan Roast. Served with a side of rice, this was the table favorite. Chunks of crab meat and huge pieces of shrimp throughout the stew. The flavor was unreal. This has been haunting me for two days now. We were already planning our meal for when we return. I want to come back for the Bouillabaisse or the Cioppino. Arvin has his pick of the Gumbo. Hopefully they'll have some better oysters.
4	I was craving the oyster bar for quite a while now so I begged and begged my boyfriend to take me and finally we went. We got there around 7:30 pm but were seated around 9:15ish. There were I believe only 2 cooks who alternates and one server. I have so much respect for the server, she was hustlin hard! I got the combo pan roast and it was bomb! We got our food and fifteen minutes into eating our food, we just to-goed it and the next day when I warmed it up it taste just as good. Long wait but worth it.
3	The food here is great, but the overall experience/value isn't in line with the cost or the wait. I had the New England Clam Chowder and the Combo Pan Roast after waiting approximately 45 minutes. Both soups were hearty and full of flavor and sea food. Located in the heart of the Palace Station Casino, the Oyster Bar feels extremely out of place, adjacent to slot machines, the bingo counter and smoking tourists. Worst of all is the line situation--hungry people are basically staring at the diners eating at the bar. Seeing as there are only about 25 seats and the cooks stagger seating in such a way that you're likely to wait 45 minutes-3 hours to sit down. This means that before you eat, it's likely that you'll be intently watching those presently eating, urging them to  eat faster. And once you sit down, you know the people behind you are thinking the same thing about you. The entirety of the dining experience was enough to prevent me from returning, but the food was quite tasty.
5	My friend had been raving about this place like an insane person. I stopped believing in food hype a loooong time ago and when we got there and saw a 2hr wait AND that this is literally a bar that seats like 10 people; I was very over it. Fast-forward to the next day.... Just finished boozing and needed food before heading back to the hotel. Friends brought up Oyster Bar and I drunkenly agreed. Guess what? 5 seats open. We ran there. I probably trampled an infant or two. Who cares, ive never ate here but have read the reviews and had friends tell me that there was no such thing as 'no wait'. Oysters: fresh and delicious. Combo Roast: lots of flaky crab meat and shrimp.... The flavors were fantastic. Loved it. The thought of this dish enters my mind a couple times a day lolI can't wait to go back and try the Alaskan Chowder and Bouillabaisse along with a couple dozen oyster. Seriously highly recommended!!!
3	Reading the reviews one would think this is the best place to eat in Vegas. It's not. In fact I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. The wait is long no matter the the time. The food was good but not great or excellent. Also, we must of gotten the "chef" on a bad day as he was a little surly and condescending. The rest of the staff wasn't much better. Your time and money is better spent elsewhere.
4	I've heard about this place for the longest time but I've always been intimidated by the notorious long lines and opted for the comfort of seafood buffets. During my latest trip to Vegas with friends, we decided to brave it out. We went at 4pm (random time to eat but we had a late start with our day) and we were pleasantly surprised to have a 15 min wait. Unbelievable! The food was delicious - I tried the pan roast but every bite was so flavorful. Bottom line - avoid crazy lines by going at random times to enjoy a delicious meal! Oyster Bar- I will come back for you! :)
5	Lack of seating and no reservations. Death sentence or so you would think!  The wait is worth it. Not in the best location in Vegas but really some of the best food I have eaten in the 20 Years I've lived here. Ive been here in total 15 times. Cant really say this any better than to say it worth the wait but make sure to prepare that you will be waiting awhile.
5	I love this place.  The food is amazing and the staff makes the experience all that more wonderful!  I don't even mind the wait, with the right friends the time flies by.  I love to indulge in the specially created Lava Sauce, although some are better than others.  But I am impressed with the love and creativity each of the chefs put into their dishes.I have introduced many of my friends to the Oyster Bar and will always continue to do so.  This is the best Oyster Bar.Make it a point to go!
1	Not worth the wait.  Took 1.5 hours to get our food and they still managed to forget the clam chowder.  The cook was just complaining the whole time about working a 10 hour shift.  Everyone has worked a 10 hour shift before, but the customers don't need the attitude.  Lousy food, lousy service, lousy casino.
4	Great oysters. The beers went great with the chowders and gumbo. The ambience is a zero but the food is good.
5	This place never fails!!!Best hole in the wall spot in Vegas!  Combo Seafood PanRoast Level 10 spicy! I've tried Level 20, which was firing hot, but was abit too much for my taste buds.  Stick to level 10 and you will love it!Best time to go is 3am to 8am.  Worst time to go is 5pm-10pm and expect long waits as the place seats only 12-16ppl.
5	If five stars means "as good as it gets," then this is as good as it's gonna get. Yeah, it's a long wait sometimes, but it's worth it. I know, I know, you're at the Palace Station, but you'll be ok. You won't get seafood poisoning. Your friends aren't playing a trick on you.The pan roast is perfect and fills the empty hole in your heart. How can you not be happy eating this? Seafood in a tomato-y bisque. It's like standing in the sun after you've been in a too-cold room for hours. You just soak it up, forgetting all of your discontents.
4	Oyster Bar is the BOMB!  My husband and I never stayed at Palace Station but we only come here to eat at the Oyster Bar. We ordered the house gumbo, Alaskin calm chowder and the combo pan roast. All delicious! They pack your bowl with tons of seafood. Very filling and satisfying. The bowl is huge which can feed up to 2 people. If you plan to share a bowl with someone, they will charge you an extra $5. A seafood bowl like this, you'd rather want your own because it's so good!  There's only 15 seating. Expect a 1 - 2 hours wait. Friendly staff. Friendly cook.   We'll be back for sure!
5	So if you haven't been here.. make sure you try it at least once. The wait is quit long because literally its a bar with maybe 15 chairs and you literally just stand in a line formed at the side.. and stare till someone finishes and leaves. BUT IT IS SOOOO WORTH IT!.. We came here on a Saturday night around 7:00? We weren't seated till 2 hours later plus the time we waited for our food to cook. But honestly, no matter where you go in Vegas, if it's good food.. there will be a wait. So JUST BE PATIENT! So if you are willing to wait, you MUST try their Pan Roast.. This is my second time having it and it was even better than the first time! We got the Pan Roast combo that came with shrimp, chicken, andouille sausage and crab at a level 6 spicy. It was sooo good...Each bite was hot and creamy.. MMMM.. They cook it right in front of you so you know it's fresh! Also portion is huge! So definitely share or expect to take some home. We also got their Shrimp Scampi linguini cooked in a white sauce.. This was alright... nothing too crazy about it. The shrimps were HUGE though.. but overall taste was kind of bland to me. I would stick to the pan roast! You will not be disappointed. Many locations in OC tried to open their own knock off of the Oyster Bar.. but no where near as good. If you're in Vegas and don't mind a wait.. COME TRY THIS PLACE!!
5	Delicious fresh seafood cooked and served right in front of you, the wait is horrendous, but if you're patient, you will be rewarded with one of the best meals you'll ever have. Everything we ordered was terrific, especially the pan roast, cannot miss this awesome dish. The raw cherrystone clams were to die for, so briny and sweet. Service was top notch with Steve & E.Z. they are what makes this place so great.
4	Tony L. and I were 3 people away and waited around 40 minutes on a Monday morning. Was it worth the wait? Yeaaaaaaaah!According to Ricardo (chef), the combo pan roast, gumbo and bouillabaisse are their top three orders. We opted for the combo pan roast and bouillabaisse on our first visit. The portions are generous and well worth the ~$25! The combo pan roast is so tasty! Flavorful, rich, creamy lobster based stew with lots of shrimp, crab and lobster meat. I can eat a tub of rice with this sauce. I never had a bouillabaisse before so I have nothing to compare to. But I am sure theirs is definitely one of the best. Friendly service! I highly recommend giving this place a try despite the somewhat long wait. Good food deserves a little wait!
5	Finally I got to try Oyster Bar and I really liked it! I disliked the line I have to wait in but the food is worth it. We had a party of 8 and they let us seat 5 first and the last 3 after people left. We got a dozen oysters that were huge! Definitely worth trying here. I also, got the clam chowder and combo pan with a level 8 spicy that I thought was perfect! My friend got 10 and added habanero (he likes spicy) but I think it was too spicy for him to eat haha. Overall the food is good and this is a must when in Vegas. Ask for extra rolls to go with your combo pan!
5	Having raw oysters and seafood pan roast for breakfast may sound crazy but I'm not about to put myself in a 2 hour wait just to eat here. So, I managed to convince my awesome husband to drive me here after our 12 hour graveyard shift to avoid the long lines. Now, to make this review short and simple, the food was outrageously amazingly delicious, fresh, and so worth it! Get the oysters and pan roast combo. You won't regret it
4	This is a fun date spot! We sat at the bar, you get to see all the cooking action. I had heard how good the pan roast was so I tried the crab one. It was good, however it was a little too heavy for me. I also had a white wine with dinner. I think next time I'll have a beer and try one of the pasta dishes, when you sit at the bar it can get a little warm from the heat of them cooking, so you really need a ice cold drink.
3	So far not loving it. 10:40pm and the wait has been 45 mins so far (standing, served no drinks). Doesn't seem like anybody is managing this place. Hope the food is better than the pre-meal experience. No one serving drinks either.  :-( Later that evening....Food was great...but took about 20-25 minutes to come. Every seat was full (15) the entire time I was there. Chef was great too...working and networking. Had Oysters on the half shell and the house Gumbo. Both really good but the entree portions are big, you could share one.
5	Wow combo pan roast was incredible. Line is long but worth the wait. The sourdough bread and butter was a match made in heaven. Menu seems to have changed didn't see calamari as app. They also have $3 dollar draft and wine special after 1am.
5	I'm addicted. The line is always long and for good reason. There's only 20 seats but it's open 24/7. We ordered the combo pan roast their most popular, shrimp and lobster far diablo, cold seafood combo all was delicious. I ordered shrimp and lobster etouffee to go for my child and it was good but not as good as their pan roast. Next time I'll try their cioppiono or bouillabaisse. Oh why not, I'll try both. LolI have been to every oyster bar in the city and all over the U.S., I have to say this is the best I've had. Fresh plump gold seal oysters and clams. Highly recommend this place, worth the wait.
5	Another very delicious place to eat in Vegas.  Come and try this New Orleans sea food place. You will not be disappointed.  Problem: you will wait for 60-90 minutes to be seated.  But is worth the wait.
5	If I had to choose one dish as my last dish. Its would be the pan roast! This place serves up a mean pan roast, fresh oysters and clams. I haven't had the chance to try everything on there menu. Every time I am in town I always say I will order something different but after waiting in long lines I then realize I came here for the pan roast. I come to vegas about 4 times a year. Which means I get to enjoy pan roast about 8 times a year. Yes, I always try to visit this place twice when I am in town. Seating is very limited to 18 seats. They are open for 24 hours. Don't bother sharing because they charge for sharing. This place isn't the best for large groups at its a small dining area.
5	The BEST clam chowder I've EVER had!! This oyster bar is very small and can only seat about 15 people. I arrived there late at night on a weekend (10pm) and got seated at midnight. Waiting for 2 hours wasn't not fun but the food was so delicious that it was worth the wait.
5	Since I gave review to The Broiler and Ritter's, it's only fair to give a review of the original place The Oyster Bar inside Palace Station Hotel at Las Vegas, NV.  I have to give this place a 5 stars... It's up in Vegas and the food is really exceptional. It's always pack but if you go off normal eating hours, the wait won't be too bad. The staff is friendly but the place is too small. It can't sit that many people because they can't provide the room. So do not go with a big party. That explains why you have to wait.  If you are in Las Vegas this place is a must try.
5	We waited in line at Palace Station Casino about 30minutes, and then sat at the table waiting for the food for about another 20-30 minutes. IT WAS WORTH THE WAIT !!!This was the best Clam Chowder we ever ate, I HIHGLY recommend the Alaskan Clam Chowder !!!It is HUGE. It has clams, jumbo shrimp, lobster(lots of it) and crab. And you can make it spicy on a 1-10 level.... They cook it right in front of you, and they serve it to you at the bar where you will sit and wait for it. TRY THIS IF YOU GO TO VEGAS.
2	Tasty but took me 2 hours waiting in line and 1 hour after order. They might want to hire more people.
5	After reading the yelp reviews, me and my boyfriend decided to visit the oyster bar on  5/27/14 during our yearly trip to Vegas. Its on the way to and from Trader JoesI ordered the house gumbo and my boyfriend ordered the Palace Pan roast. We were the only person in line and we waited about 15 minutes. Both of the items were awesome. It was so good we came back on 5/30/14 and wait almost an hour and ordered the same thing. The wait was worth it. Now im still craving the gumbo. Gotta wait another year...
5	the oyster bar is the greatest thing in the world. no matter how long the wait, you wait for that alaskan clam chowder.
5	Who knew? Located on the floor of off the Strip casino, this place lacks any sort of the glamour of Vegas. A dozen or so seats around a bar with the food made in front of you. An hour long wait in a line snaking through shoddy slot machines. Even the $1 margaritas nearby aren't worth it.But the food is great. The combo pan roast is a must. Thick, filling, creamy and delectable. This could be the best deal in the city.The beer selection is good too.
5	OMG I love this place. The pan roast is just out of this world. The only sucky part is the wait!  BUT....The pan roast is WORTH THE WAIT!   It's sooooo good, they prepare it right in front of you, fresh oysters and clams. They must put crack in that stuff because it always has me wanting to come back for more!  ;-)   Seriously, it's probably one of my favorite foods ever!  I'm not sure how everything else is on the menu. Probably just as good, but the PAN ROAST is the best!!!
4	I absoluty never ever come to Vegas without coming to get me a bowl of chicken gumbo. Never... The gumbo is soooo delicious and you get sooo much.The only part that sucks is there are only about 15 stools to eat and order at. So often times we go, the wait is 1-2 hours standing in line salivating watching everyone eat. Lol. But hands down the wait is more than worth it!!4 stars only because of the wait time.
5	Can't add much here that hasn't already been said.  Authentic fresh seafood, especially the oysters.  A long wait ... Could be 30 min to an hour.  Beloved by locals.  Food is cooked right in front of you.If you want a pure no frills seafood feast, this is your place.  A good starter meal would be a bunch of fresh oysters followed by the pan roast of your choice.
3	I guess I'm biased or maybe I just don't like seafood, but my experience here was just average. I ordered the shrimp scampi and the combo pan roast. My shrimp scampi was just typical but I didn't know it would be so soupy. It really threw me off and it wasn't as flavorful. The pan roast was a lot better but it wasn't something that I would give five stars. It was flavorful but nothing amazing. I arrived at a really good time. We got there around 11:30am and there wasn't much of a line so we were able to order right away. Even though the food was mediocre, the quality of seafood would be a five star rating. They aren't stingy with the seafood and fill up the entrees which is a nice plus as well.
5	This place is solid!! I've been to many Oyster bars around town and none of them come close to the Palace Stations oyster bar. It's definitely worth the wait. I would highly recommend the combination pan roast if it's your first time. Also, they have the gold band oyster which are really big and always fresh. Be sure to check this place out!
3	This place has really good food and some of the best oysters I've ever had but the only reason I give this place three stars is because the way they prepare the food looks really unsanitary. It's like there isn't any soap here at oyster bar and not too many things get washed or cleaned. You'll probably cringe when you see the dirtiness of the kitchen and the work areas, but if you're able to ignore that, then you'll love this place. When ever I'm here, I usually share the Palace Station pan roast and a dozen oysters.
5	This bar has my favorite oysters. Hands down. I used to dislike oysters, but man this place has changed my mind about them; I've never had oysters so fresh and delicious. ($13)The palace pan roast ($24)- shrimp, crab, lobster, and andouille sausage (and chicken which they don't mention). I usually get my spice level at around 7/8 and damn is it good. The spice adds a kick which already adds on to the yummy goodness that leaves your stomach extremely happy and satisfied. The clam chowder is also yummy, but it's not as special as their pan roast.The only part that is lacking is their service- a bit slow, and you usually have to flag them down to get their attention and it takes forever for the food. But hey, the food speaks louder than their service.
5	Came to this place three times for this, epic fail... Supposedly you need to wait in line during off business hours! However my motto is to never stand in line to spend your own money lol. Luckily I have a very inquisitive friend who went up to someone and asked to pay for their meal to order take out! We got Pan roast! Still waited 45 min to receive order, lol but in the end it was awesome milky buttery spicy seafood goodness! Would I stand in line again probably not, but I would bribe someone! Just be ready for a long wait...
4	The wait is the only bad part.  It's literally a 12-14 person seating area.  The food was really delicious.  Oysters were fresh!  We had about two dozen.  Got the Combo Pan- Roast, and you get to pick your level of spice 1-10 (I chose 6 for a little zing but still not that brave).  The Combo Pan Roast was pretty good with rice but better with the linguini pasta.
5	First stop when I come to Vegas! Bouillabaisse is incredible! And they'll make it as spicy as you want! The best!
5	OMG!!!! The combo pan roast!  To die for and simply crave worthy!!!! As a matter of fact. I think I'm gonna get some now!  Definitely worth the wait!
5	This is traditionally my first stop every time I arrive in Vegas I make the effort to eat out to this place regardless of the wait.  Oysters are big and fresh, and I've tried nearly every item, and love all of them.  Bouillabaisse is not mentioned often but should be tried especially if you love soup or not looking for something rich and hearty.
5	First... if you don't want to wait in line, I would say go eat elsewhere. But if you're willing to wait, it is beyond worth it. We went a little after midnight on a Saturday thinking there wouldn't be a wait a little later, but we were wrong. Maybe because it was a weekend, who knows. We ended up waiting an hour or so. We ordered the clam steamer appetizer, which was good. My boyfriend ordered the bouillabaisse & I had the combo pan roast. Both were delicious. The pan roast is rich & a little heavy, the bouillabaisse is lighter. It depends what you want, but anything you get will be delicious!
5	Oyster Bar is bomb!! If you like any sort of seafood or Cajun-style food you MUST try this place out. The line's usually long during peak hours (hour+ wait anyone??) but it's worth it! The bar is very small, only 18 seats so you have to wait for everyone to finish before you can get seated and that's why the wait is so long. It's open 24/7 so I would suggest coming at random times - like at 2am - if you want to avoid the line LOL. But keep in mind that you need to be 21+ to sit at the bar! There are no tables or other seating so basically, you have to be 21+ to even eat here. Unless you get to-go.FOODThe fresh raw oysters here are HUGE!! I've never seen oysters that big and they're fresh too! Their pan roasts and gumbo have spiciness levels 1-10. Level 10 will make you sweat balls and it's the only level that includes habaneros. I love spicy foods and level 10 is a bit too much for me. It will definitely set your butthole on fire afterwards, I guarantee that!Portions are pretty large too, so I always have leftovers to take home. They actually charge you an extra $5 if you choose to share a bowl with another person, so I would just get your own and then take it to-go later.The prices are a bit high for the amount you get, but the food is so delicious you will have no qualms about spending $30 on a bowl of food! My suggestions:- shrimp and lobster diablo- palace pan roast- fresh oysters- gumboSERVICEDolores is so funny! She's an awesome server and we tipped 20% (even though we are usually stingy with tips) because of her! The staff are all great and wear many hats. The cooks also clean and the servers also prep food just because there are only a couple people working. They are very personable and love talking to their guests!OVERALLLove Oyster Bar! The whole process is quite long - from first standing in line to signing our check, it took 2.5 hours. But the food is sooo worth it!!
2	Never Again.I came to Oyster Bar around 1:00AM, with the reasoning: How bad could it be? Coming back from Hakkasan, we were a little tipsy and a lot a bit hungry, so we reasoned that it'd be a great time to try to beat the line and get some Oyster Bar.Boy, were we wrong. The line was innocuous enough, only about 6 people ahead of us. Little did we know that at 1:00AM, the bar is basically full of wasted/trashed/smashed patrons who would take hours to finish their food.  With only about a dozen seats available at the bar, it took absoltiutely forever for seats to clear up and parties to be seated, especially if it was a party of 4 or more. On top of that, it seemed like the bar was never made to accommodate so many people, and although all the pots were constantly cooking up gumbo or some other delicious dinner, the food itself took about 10-15 minutes to get served after ordering.When we finally got seated, the clock read 3:15AM, and only two out of my three companions stayed awake long enough to enjoy the food.We got one of everything on the menu, and everything was delicious. I wish I could write more about the quality of the food, but I honestly can't remember much after that wait. Just the taste of food and water finally reaching my mouth, as if I had been lost in the deserts of Nevada for days.The food was good, but i honestly can't imagine anything worth such a painful and tiring wait.  And for the record, 1AM-5AM are not slow hours for them. I think the secret might be coming in around 6AM-8AM when party goers have finally headed to bed, and no one is willing to get up for breakfast.
5	Able to get a seat just before lunch time. Wow, service was good and entertaining.  Manhattan clam chowder was great. The linguine with clams in red sauce huge and sssooo good. Couldn't eat the whole bowl. At least another meal. Could have another type of bread, not sourdough. Now I know why the line is always so long for a seat. Go during off hours. It is a 24/7 bar and no kids allowed.
5	AMAZING!!!The bf and I came here on a Sunday night at 12am. We had to wait about an hour and half. TOTALLY WORTH IT!!Ordered:- Half a dozen oysters: Big and juicy. - White clam chowder: possibly one of the best clam chowders I've had. Had chunks of clams with every spoonful.- Combo Pan Roast (level 7): pretty spicy for 7. Came with a scoop of rice. I noticed some people requesting pasta instead of rice. It's a heavy and hearty dish but has really good flavor. Every time I dipped my spoon in crab, lobster, or shrimp was in my spoon. They don't skimp on the seafood here- Bouillabaisse - The very light version of the pan roast. Pan roast it creamy, bouillabaisse is not creamy but has the same deliciousness as pan roast. Comes with rice. It's like a seafood soup almost.The servers and the chef are very nice and helpful. Since it was our first time the server helped us order. This place is found inside the Palace Station casino. Parking isn't bad, but we took a cab there.Will definitely be coming back here everytime we're in town.
4	Food is pretty delicious, very flavorful and steaming hot fresh off the pot, but the wait was pretty ridiculous so be prepared. We got here at 2pm with about 15 people in front of us. Took about 1 hour and 15 mins to get seated, then another 45 mins til we finally got our food. The turn around time at the bar was way too slow. 1 chef, 1 waitress, and 2 dish washers in the back. For as busy and delicious as this place is, they should def hire another waitress. Worth it to try the food though. Go in small groups, 2-3 people so you get seated faster.
5	The pan roast is amazing! So much shrimp and lobster chunks! Props to the chef (EZ)We didn't get a $5 charge for splitting the bowl, but we did get a $2.99 charge for another bowl of rice. We were debating between a dozen oysters, a dozen clams and a shrimp cocktail or just trying all three for only $20.We ended up ordering seafood sampler which had 3 raw oysters, 3 raw clams, and 3 raw shrimps. I asked the guy in blue (steve) How do you pick your oysters to tell which ones were the freshest? He replied, "Oh I just pick by which ones I think are the easiest to open.. I don't really know how they are on the inside.. "I got a bad feeling about that once he finished his sentence, but the oysters looked pretty clean and unmurky, so I accepted that advice. We got our plate and then we proceeded to start. The shrimps were very delicious, very sweet and fresh. Then came the oyster.. The first one I ate was so fishy, I thought I was gonna get food poisoning after swallowing it. I couldn't spit it out because the guy was staring at me and sort of smiling like 'I know how to pick fresh ones right?' x_X All three of the oysters were extremely fishy, even though they were quite clean looking.... I recommend not getting it haha. The clams were very sweet and fresh however so that was a plus.
5	I've always wanted to try this place but never had the chance to until this past weekend! My friends who frequent this place recommended that we come around 10-11am to avoid long lines. We got there and there were only 3 people in front of us so we waited about 10 minutes. I got the combo pan roast and my boyfriend got the jambalaya. Looooved it! Super hot and creamy deliciousness! Service was very good, the chef and waitress were very friendly so that's a huge plus. The overall experience was wonderful.
4	Came here on a Sunday Night not knowing what to expect. My boyfriend was raving about this place and wanted to take me here for dinner. Beware that the restaurant can only seat 16 people and it might take you a while before you get seated. We ended up waiting about 2 hours to get seated at the bar and almost another hour for the food to be prepared/cooked. So if you plan on coming here, be prepared to endure a long wait or come at an odd hour to avoid a long line!We ordered the Raw Oysters, Combo Pan Roast with Lobster, Crab, & Shrimp, and the Seafood Gumbo. The Raw Oysters were delicious and tasted really fresh. I would say they're pretty comparable to the oysters in Seattle. It tasted fabulous with the fresh lemon juice & marina sauce. The Pan Roast was also DELICIOUS and the best I have yet. I liked that the broth was really creamy but didn't have an overpowering taste of seafood. The sauce was so addicting and I just couldn't get enough. Good thing the portions here are huge! They were also really generous with their seafood portions and the lobster was cooked beautifully!As for the Gumbo, I will have to pass next time. The gumbo was just way too salty and I ended up getting tired of it after a few bites. I didn't bother getting my order to go because I knew I wasn't going to be able to enjoy it later. Overall the food was good but I wouldn't say it's worth waiting 2-3 hours in line for. I would recommend trying out this place if you're able to go at an odd time. If you're trying to go during peak time then good luck and be sure to wear some comfy shoes!
5	What the oyster!The name of this place is actually misleading because personally I did not enjoy the raw oysters much and did not see that many people ordering it, but the crazy good food here MORE than made up for the lackluster oysters!I've had pan roast before but was honestly was never a fan. When my Las Vegas date suggested this place, I kind of made a scrunchy face but said yes and boy am I glad I did!  Two words can sum up this review:  PAN ROAST. Get the pan roast. I got a level 6 spicy which was perfect.  It was creamy, flavorful and packed full of rich seafood ingredients. It was so heavy and delicious that I had to sleep sitting up for the remainder of the night. We also tried half dozen raw oysters which were not horrible but not great, so I suggest just skipping it, and also the cioppino which wasn't memorable either. The seafood in the cioppino was definitely fresh but overall, it was bit heavy on the tomato base for my liking.   One thing I liked was that they cooked the food right in front of you so you could see all of the hard work, sweat, love, and seafood that goes into your food. Beware of the wait though.  We took a cab to Palace Station around 11:30pm and waited for about two hours to be seated. It's a small place, bar seating in the middle of the casino and accommodates only 18 lucky folks at a time... which means you have to put in your time and wait. By the time we finished, it was 3am and I was delirious but deliriously stuffed with pan roast. Conclusion:  Totally worth it.
2	I ate here with my husband on a super hot night, so maybe I just did not find soupy hot red broth exciting.  The Chef was amazing and offered us a cool new view on how to prepare soup.  Otherwise, there was nothing exciting about our dinner.  It was a hot bowl of tomato soup with seafood and quite underseasoned if you ask me.  Sorry Yelp but I just did not get this place nor the high reviews. Maybe I missed something.
5	Best soup in town. Hands down.  It is worth waiting even 3 hours for. If you don't want to wait, go in the morning on the week days between 9 and 11 am. That will ensure you get right in. If it's your first time start with the pan roast since it's the house classic.
5	What can I say.  This place will leave you wanting more and thinking of when will be the next time you will come back to this place.  Everything looks great and you better believe it, taste great. It's a must try if you're in Vegas the unfortunate part is that it only seats 16 so the wait might be long but sooooooo worth it.
5	I tried the Oyster Bar at the Palace station on a recommendation from a friend.  the lines were always long throughout the day so I decided to try it when I woke up in the morning.  I order a combo pan roast and a half dozen on oysters. Everything was so fresh.  I watched the chef make my meal from scratch while I was eating my oyters. The taste and service of this place was amazing. This might be the best meal I had in vegas so far. Warning if you dont like spicy stuff ask the chef to keep it at a 2 or 3 on a scale of 1 to 10. Anything ove 5 is to much.
5	Can I just say this place was awful and please nobody go when Im in Vegas so I can skip the long agonizing line? I waited nearly two hours my first time and I was back within 48 hrs for more. The soup here is the bomb dot com!!! Hands down the best gumbo Ive ever tasted and in truth, Im not even a gumbo chick. The pan roast was amazing and I ate till my stomach hurt (ahhh...hurt so good). It sucks that I am in Texas and cant enjoy the food any hour of the day. Cant wait to go back to Vegas; not for the gambling, not for the shopping, not for the shows, but for a bowl of delicious soupy goodness.
2	Don't know why this place got such good reviews, 4 1/2 stars! I was staying at Palace Station, so naturally I wanted to try this place because of all the good reviews. I got the combo pan roast like everyone suggested on yelp and there was nothing good to say about it except for the 3 pieces of lobster that was in there and the few shrimp. You could barely see any crab meat in there. The rice that came with it was soggy and clumpy and not enough when comparing the pan roast and rice ratio. Pros: -It was just a short walk away since I was staying at the hotel.-the waitress and cook were nice Cons: based on the combo pan roast that I got. -rice, way too soggy and clumpy, and not enough for the pan roast.-the combo pan roast was overpriced for what you get. Only 3 pieces of lobster, just a few shrimp, and hardly any crab meat.-long line, long wait (not at all worth it). Save your money for something better or spend a little more for a nice buffet.
5	Summary: My SO and I like to dine at Ritter's Steam Kettle in Costa Mesa, California (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ritters-steam-kettle-cooking-santa-ana) and when we found out Oyster Bar was own by the same company we have to give it a try. The wait was long (1 hour 17 minute to be exact) we were behind 5 couples but it was worth it.Food: We had Cold Seafood Combination, New England Clam Chowder, and Combo Pan Roast. It was exquisite, the food tasted phenomenal. I don't know was it because of the long wait or not but at that moment I think it taste better than Ritter's. Service: The Chef was awesome, just watching him prep the pan roast and constantly making sure his patron were satisfied. Nick, the server/host was a tad unprofessional. So the Chef happen to place our dish at the wrong patron, no need to raise your voice at him. The Chef job is to prep and cook not serve. He was doing you a favor, helping you out and when he place my order to the people beside me, you shouldn't have snap at him. It still amaze me how the Chef just stay mellow and apologize to you. Not to mention when you were behind, he even step outside the counter to bust the table and seat the next group. Show some appreciation man. Overall: I always make it a habit to go to Egg & I (http://www.yelp.com/biz/egg-and-i-las-vegas) for breakfast  every time I visit Vegas and now Oyster Bar is a must also. I'm so glad Oyster Bar isn't located on the strip. Imagine if it was, I'm probably looking at half a day wait time. Then again, it is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. So that's not bad.
4	OMG stop what you're doing and try this place out.....now!!!  Well actually, maybe not, there's a huge line and you'll most likely be waiting for two hours.  It's literally a bar, and they only seat 18, so be prepared to do your due diligence and stand in line.  Or you can have an awesome friend stand in line for the group while you grab a drink, play some slots or blackjack until you're seated.  TRUST ME, it's worth the wait!!!  And that's coming from someone who NEVER waits in line for food.  You really don't come here for the oysters, you come here for the combo pan roast.  Don't get me wrong, the dozen oysters we ordered were fresh and on point (from Louisiana I think...), but there's plenty of other places to get fresh oysters.  I wasn't too crazy about the mussels but it was worth a try.The chef cooks directly in front of where you're seated, so you get a bird's eye view of the action.  I noticed many of the guests are regulars, so they must know how amazing the food is here.The combo pan roast...bomb diggity!  I only got it level 6 spiciness (probably could have gone with a level 8), but WOW, I was blown away!!  Creamy, spicy, tons of flavor mixed with shrimp, crab, and lobster!  The portions are huge, and I promise you will be extremely satisfied afterwards.It's a shame they have such a small seating area and they don't take orders to go; if you are ordering to go, you have to stand in line anyways, so I guess it makes sense.  But goodness, expand this place would ya!!Whenever I'm in Vegas again, this will definitely be on my top places to visit.  Good thing they're open 24/7!
5	I have recently planned a road trip to Vegas with my party crew and we changed our departure time from Friday morning to Thursday night just so that we could drive straight to the Oyster Bar at Palace Station to avoid the long line and also to have a pan roast for our first Vegas meal before the calm before the storm becomes uncalm. Yes, it's that good. Do whatever you want in your life, just make sure that if you come here, you order a pan roast and nothing else. Well, you could try other things because variety is the spice of life and all that, but just make sure a pan roast is part of your order. I prefer the combo pan roast.
4	Let me start by saying this place actually deserves 5 stars, but one major flaw made me knock it down one.That flaw: There are 18 seats. Which translates to a minimum wait time of 1 hour... we waited 2 and a half.YES, 2 and a half hours standing in line in the middle of a casino to eat at this tiny little bar that serves amazing food. I rarely ever find myself in line for that long for any other reason. I wouldn't even wait that long to get a blowjob from Justin Bieber. That's just a ridiculously long time, and yet... I was still blown away.The food is Cajun themed and serves a variety of Creole style food. I ordered the Jambalaya(+++), others in my party ordered the Seafood Bake(++), Gumbo, and Cioppino (fish stew+++). Aside from the Gumbo, which was a tad salty, the food was the best damn Creole food I've ever had.The food is cooked in individual pans that are cooked right in front of you by a single chef. This dude runs around like a maniac, doing all the prepping, seasoning, oyster-shucking, clam-steaming, and rice-cooking. He is a machine and yet still so friendly. He kept working at a furious pace, but would still be able to converse with the seated individuals. He would be the an amazing bartender if he could mix drinks like the way he cooks.All the ingredients are fresh, and the oysters are individually wrapped to ensure quality every time. After deciding upon a spiciness level (1-10) you get to watch the master work. Side note: I ordered a 4, and am a big fan of spicy food. I figured if it wasn't hot enough, I'll just add more hot-sauce. It was pretty darn perfect. A nice kick, but not too over-powering. My fellow diners ordered a 5 and 6, and the 6 was starting to get pretty intense.The portions are huge, I finished only 2/3 of my Jambalaya and was shocked 'cause I have been left to starve and wince in hunger for 2 hours prior. The presentation is simple, but due to the quality and quantity of the food, it looked absolutely delicious.Overall, I would say this is definitely an AMAZING hidden secret in Vegas. But the Palace Station is off-strip and a little annoying to take a cab just for this meal. But if you ever find yourself in the area and are down for some GREAT seafood, this should definitely be an option... just be prepared to wait an ungodly amount of time.
5	Waited around 1 hour 15 mins for 3 people.  The worst part about the weight in line is smelling the food being cooked!!! Hints of garlic and spices fill the air!!! What a tease.  I loved the food!!! Got combo pan roast, oysters and a bottle of moscato. DELICIOUS! !! Food changed my life. The spices,  seafood and rice was all pefect and fresh. If it wasn't for that line id be there once a week. I suggest going with another person and take turns waiting in line. Switch off to wait in line and gamble. .. hehe. If you've never tried oyster bar, its a must. Be prepared to wait. Be patient. I think if you go there mentally prepared to weight, its really not bad. Yum yum yum!!!
5	The wait is long. Be prepared. Wait in line while the other plays some cards. Best gumbo and best oysters ever! The chef single handedly makes all the meals. He's awesome! The food is amazing.
5	before you read on, BE PREPARED TO WAIT 1-2 hours to be seated!18 seats around a bar, 1 server, 1 cook, 1 bus boyNo Kids allowedOpen 24 hoursThey tell me it's busy all day long except 7-730AM :)Our first time at oyster bar- 90 minute wait for 2 of us- Amazing food - LOVE the pan roast and clam chowder. Gumbo was good but salty.  We got spice level of 5 /10 and was "mild" for my taste.- Great service- Cooked in front of youWe will be back if we have the time to wait that long again!
4	Yes the wait is pretty outrageous but so well worth it at the end. Waited about an hour to be seated but during the wait decided to grab a few drinks with the bf to "kill" time. I ordered the combo pan roast and the bf and brother both had the lobster pan roast. Food  came out AMAZING! The taste of each bite had me keep going and going. Brother and bf were both surprised of how much I ate since I normally don't eat so much. I couldn't stop myself...which I paid the the price for later lol! Don't let the wait time discourage you! well worth every minute. I still don't understand why they don't increase staff? One cook and one hostess/busser/server?? Hmmm doesn't quite add up with the number of customers coming in.
5	if you're reading this while standing in a ridiculously long line... suck it up because it's worth it! you'll forget you even waited that long once you've inhaled the combo pan roast, which you finished eating in less than 15 minutes.
4	Go at off peak hours or else be prepared to wait...and wait...and sometimes give up waiting and go somewhere else. But if you're lucky enough to snag one of the 15 seats at the counter, you won't be disappointed. Pan roast is the most popular item, it's rich and creamy base of either seafood or sausage or a combo of all. I would recommend just seafood or add sausage, the have the Palace Pan Roast which comes with chicken but that adds nothing to the dish. They do give you very large meaty shrimps if you order the ones that comes with it. The side of rice they give you is the perfect vessal to soak up all the yummy goodness. The oysters are reasonably priced, very meaty. The horseradish sauce has a nice kick.Chowders are also very good, tons of seafood and clams.I like the ciopino too, again tons of seafood and large juicy shrimp.This is 4 not 5 stars because depending on whose cooking, sometimes the dishes aren't as good. My last visit here I think they were switching shifts and the new guy started our 5 dishes, then ran around looking for something, left our food to cook/burn on the cookers and left and the other guy had to quickly finish it off. They tasted OK but I know it could have been better if our chef had cooked our food correctly. And for the ladies, make sure you bring a jacket because the location is right under an air vent and it's always freezing at the bar.
3	Food was good, a little heavy handed on the cream aspect of the soups as well as the salt levels. Wait was long, but worth it.
4	We came here around 1:30am and the wait was still a little over an hour, BUTT it was worth the wait!!! The oysters were bomb and we got the Palace Pan Roast. It has seafood and sausage in it. We asked for it to be spicy (8 out 10 spicy). It was so delicious!!! If anyone's been to Ritter's Pan Roast, this place is WAY BETTER!!! It's a MUST TRY if you are willing to wait :) If the wait wasn't so long, I'd give them a 5 star!! But the wait kind of kills you haha.
3	Went at 2pm on a Tu so there was no line,  they said i was lucky.The oysters were of adequate size, however tasteless.  Somehow they seemed off.Would have expected much better quality of oysters at an oyster bar.Now to their main dish.  Had their Combo Pan Roast.  It was good but not exceptional as many says in their reviews.  Would have given the Pan Roast a 4 and the oysters brought the restaurant down to a 3.Lucky there was no line, i would not have been happy if i waited in line for this meal.
5	My friends and I went to Vegas last month and had SUCH A GOOD TIME! We came and ate here and loved it. Their food is soooooooo delicious. I'll be honest, a bit pricey but I'm assuming its because it's Vegas? Not sure but it was worth it though.
5	Finally got to try this place!! The oyster bar is inside Palace Station hotel and literally only seats about 16 people at a time. We came during the odd hours of the night (3am) after we left the club and was surprised to find people still waiting in line. Can't imagine how long the wait would be during the day or even dinner time but we ended up waiting at least an hour still before being seated. So...was the wait really worth it?? You betcha!!! If you can stand long lines, you seriously won't be disappointed!Must order items:- Clam Chowder : soooo yummy and creamy and filled with lots of clams! - Palace Pan Roast: OMG...my mouth waters just thinking about it. I got a level 5 spice and it was perfect! They fill it up with tons of seafood and sausage. The flavoring of the soup broth is freaken amazing!!! - Jambalaya: the spicier the better!! Best I ever had!! The portions here are HUGE so get a variety and share so you can try more things! Takes a bit of time to actually get your food since there's only 2 chefs doing everything but you can tell they use all fresh ingredients and everything is made to order. Really enjoyed the Cajun/creole style food here!! Can't wait to come back!
5	I ordered the combo pan roast with a spicy rating of 9 and my wife ordered the bouillabaise, the taste just explodes.in you're mouth, so full of flavor. We waited about an hour to be seated but it was worth the wait...every single time I come to las Vegas from now on, I'll make sure to come to the oyster bar at the palace station...wow!!!
5	This is my favorite place to eat in Vegas! I would drive the 4 hours and wait the 2 hours for this. It is worth it! - Combo pan roast - hands down the best thing here. So much seafood, so much flavor. It's like an explosion in your mouth with every bite. Gosh it's good. - Jambalaya - delish as well, a little dry for my taste. I like the pan roast better b/c it's more liquidy- Gumbo - was kind of bitter...or maybe I was hungover? haha But I took home half of it and ate it later and I dont know if it was b/c the rice was all soaked in with the liquid or what but it tasted amazing!! Weird....I know- Alaska clam chowder - probably is my 2nd favorite dish here. It's soooo good.
5	A place I can always count on!  I love gambling at Palace station.  Best of all, Oyster bar has the best Alaskan chowder.  Lots of chunky seafood.  The only thing I don't like is the very long wait time to get seated.  Even after seated, it takes an extra 45 minutes for the food to arrive.  Expect and average 2 hour wait at any hour of the  day.  Even so, it's well worth the trip every time to go to vegas.
5	Yummo! Had the shrimp & lobster fra diablo and added spicy 8. Holy moly! Sooo good. You sit at the bar and they cook it for you right there for you. People are nice. Only 21+  definitely coming back! Love seafood! A must try place. Line can be long cuz it's first come first serve and there are only 16 seats.
5	Came at 3:15 AM and didn't have to wait. The bar was nicely set up as an open kitchen. The chefs and waiters were funny and friendly. 1/2 dozen oysters at happy hour rate: threw in a couple of little ones on the houseOrder of Littleneck Clams: the soup was delightful too Bouillabaisse Medium spice: most delicious seafood dish ever had, period. We live in LA and thought we were privileged but wrong!! This was the most amazing thing that can happen in your mouth! :) Very impressive! Would be back every time in town.
5	Yes, all of the above and below reviews say it all - this place is mind-blowing! For you savory and spicy seafood seekers here is your haven.  The Food- Choose from fresh oysters on a half shell that are so fresh and briny that you might just need to check yourself and step out of the Palace Station looking for the ocean.  Start with these then definitely choose from the pan roast or jambalaya. You can indicate your heat level from 1-10 so go for it.  If you don't like slimy okra you might want to ask them to remove it but it does add a bit of an earthy flavor.  I also recommend you ask for the rice on the side so it doesn't get lost in the thick delicious tomato-cream base of the pan roast or the thick Cajun creole spiced base. The Ambiance - casual and unpretentious. If you get the Maya Rudolph look-a-like server you be sure to be entertained (tip graciously she has baby #4 on the way). Despite what others have said about showing up on off-hours to grab a seat, this is all false. There is no optimal time. Come on people in 20 years this place has had almost every seat filled 24 hours round the clock so it's basically luck if you don't have to wait an hour or two. Be prepared and have a small meal a few hours in advance so you can truly enjoy your experience.  M
5	After reading all of the glowing reviews, we finally made our way to the Oyster Bar and we were not disappointed!For starters, we ordered a dozen fresh oysters on the half-shell.  Although the oysters were large, they did not have the briny taste that I look for.  I asked the waitress where they procure their oysters and she said Louisiana.  Maybe I'm used to oysters from the East coast.For entrees, we ordered the Combo Pan Roast and the Lobster Gumbo.  The pan roast was creamy and filled with shrimp, crab and lobster and the Level 5 spiciness was just right.  The lobster gumbo was full of chunks of tender lobster and it was delicious!And, contrary to popular belief, there IS an optimal time to come to the Oyster Bar.  We came at 9:30 am on a Tuesday and did not have to wait at all.  Then, at 10 am, we were the only two customers there.  I've attached a photo that shows all of the empty seats just waiting for customers!
5	This place has become my new favorite place. Not a lot of seating so be prepared to wait. It's worth the wait though, the food is amazing. I got the combo pan roast and it is filled with big chunks and lobster and pieces of shrimp. The crab is mixed in with the bisque, so you get plenty of it. I get spicy level 5.
4	The food here is AMAZING!!!There IS a reason why people are waiting for this gem of a place, folks!!However, I marked off one star because of the long wait. My husband and I came here this past Saturday (at around 3PM) and we waited a total of 1.5 hours.It was really pathetic at first but after a while, we decided to just go with it since we did want to try this place.THANKFULLY....it did NOT disappoint!!The food was delectable. You get to choose how spicy you want your food from the scale of 1-10, 1 being not spicy and 10 being very spicy.We had:- The seafood combo platter (included raw oysters, raw clams, and shrimp cocktail)- delicious & fresh!- I ordered the Pan Roast Combo and it was SOoooooO yummy and pungent in flavor. It came with a scoop of rice in it. I couldn't finish the whole thing because of how heavy it was, but every single bite was heaven. So delicious and creamy.. makes me think differently of the typical "lobster bisque now".. this one is like a lobster bisque but. with LOTS OF crab meat chunks, shrimps and all the other seafood in it..... I HIGHLY recommend this dish if you are wondering what to order.  My friend had recommended it and now I get why. ;)- My husband ordered the house Gumbo. He loved it too. I tried a little bit but didn't like it as much since he had ordered it a little bit spicy.OVERALL I recommend this place..(THUMBS UP!) I still haven't decided if we'll be back since the wait can be a burden..But we will see. :)
5	The food is a 10 on a scale of 1-5.But because this place is so scrumptious it's always busy. Even on a Tuesday evening at 1:30am. The chef was pretty awesome too and had personality that kept me staying patient. Optimistically speaking- food was delicious after 1.35 hrs of waiting!!!
4	It appears that the Oyster Bar is a hidden gem amongst the Vegas locals. I came here on a bachelor party with friends and the line was well worth it! We arrived around 10pm and the line was still 45 minutes long. There are only a certain amount of stools to sit on. I asked what ocean the fish and shellfish was from and the man had a smart ass answer for me but it's okay. I just prefer not to eat fish full of radiation from the Pacific Ocean. Everything we ordered was great and I also liked their beer and wine selection. If you are in the mood to wait a while for some grub, this is the spot.
3	Got really drunk and came here at 12 midnight cause my b**** friend was hungry. Not a real long line when we came but ended up waiting 4 hours!!!! Finally got to eat at 430...... and was tired as fuuuuuuu**. I started by downing my water from thirst, then I just sat there waiting for them to refill, but they never did until my friend asked for it. Then we order and it took ANOTHER 45 mins (about, I dont know, my phone died) to get our food.  Food was great...... but the wait..... god I would have never came if I knew they worked that slow.
5	This place is a hidden gem! !! You have t get the pan roast it's the best!  It is why I come back to this place every time I feel like some seafood. Portions are huge too!  You can't go wrong here. Sometimes one of the  chefs might be a little tipsy,  but he still know what he's doing ! Trust me it's worth it!
4	Expect at least a 1-3 hour wait if you're trying to grub during evening hours. Honestly the BEST gumbo in Vegas though. It's a must try place if you have time to spare and want good food.
5	Enjoy a 50 oz beer while you watch these artist go to work. Dolores our server was very pleasant and our chef Holloman prepared an excellent meal. Everything is done fresh right in front of you. It's just a 12 personish bar so of you get there at the wrong time there is a wait. But it's well worth it. Roast pan combo was great. Cream tomato sauce with shrimp crab lobster and some type of heaven I guess.  Oh yah Rice!  Very hearty so I'm not used to so much but I powered through and got the whole thing down.  Level 10 spice for me no prob. I gotta go back!
3	Man I wish I would not have told the waiter spice was okay. My Alaska Chowder was really good but it was too spicy for me. You can't unspice it. ...The seafood was hearty and fresh. I love that they are open 24 hours!! I ate there after Marquee on a Monday night (Tuesday morning at like 3:30 am).
1	I was really disappointed at this place. The oysters were disgusting (not cleaned or sweet). The combo pan roasts that yelpers raved about had no lobster and the broth had a lot of crab shell. Not worth the wait or my time. To top it off the chef was rude and not professional. Never again Oyster Bar.
4	It takes a long time. One order would be good for two. Pan roast all day.
4	I apologize I reviewed the wrong restaurant.
5	I can only think of one bad thing about coming here. The wait.Everything else, I truly enjoyed. Freshness of the food (mmm.. pan roast), entertainment from the servers and chefs (Dolores is hilarious!), and location (right next to the tables!). I'll keep coming back here every time I am in Las Vegas.
5	Attempting to be adventurous, my gf and I wondered off the strip to try this "restaurant' recommended by so many yelpers.  We took a cab that cost about $25.00 to the Palace Station Casino, where this little shingle is located.  Skepticism soon crept in as I observed that the "bar" sat no more than twenty people at any one time, and the casino interior appear outdated.  Still, we tried the combo pan roast to see what all the fuss was about, after standing on line for about an hour.  Both my gf and I were blown away by the taste of the pan roast.  Even at "mild", the food was full of herbs and spices set off a cascade of pleasure pumping neuro chemicals in our brains. Afterwards, we stuck around to play pai gow and two deck blackjack tables with $5.00 minimums.  The card play was extremely fun and definitely changed my view about the Palace Station Casino.
5	We came here on Labor Day at 12am and waited for 2 hours. The waitress said it would take 3 hours but we still didn't mind. There were about 10 parties ahead of us. Also, I didn't know this place was actually a BAR. It's surrounded by the slot machines and there are no tables. So everyone is sitting at the bar facing the cook and waitress.Oyster (half dozen) - $12. So fresh! They shuck the oysters to order and I saw them throw away oysters that aren't Oyster Bar approved. So it's nice to see that they care about the quality of their food. We were debating on getting the dozen since it was only $6 more. I regret not getting the dozen.Combo Pan Roast - $23. My husband and I shared and it was a perfect portion for us. The cook gave us 2 bowls of rice and didn't charge a split plate fee, which we thought they would. I think they just gave us less rice each. The shrimp was so great. It was not overcooked and just the way I liked it...a bit undercooked. The crab was shredded in the sauce which I don't prefer but it was still good and the lobster were in chunks.Service - Our waitress was so kind and fast! I forgot her name but she kept moving and serving everyone. I also saw the cook go around the bar to clean the table. I thought that was cool since you don't ever see that! Definitely a team oriented restaurant. The cook also joked around with us that they ran out of oysters.I'm from southern california and this reminded me of The Boiler in Chino Hills. Oyster Bar is a great find but it didn't amaze me as much as I had hoped.
2	Come heavily armed with patience. 2:30AM: tired, drunk, obnoxious, and hungry people standing around does not make for a pleasant 2 hour wait. There was only 1 cook and 1 waiter/busser/food runner working their asses off, and 1 other person not doing much other than clearing out buckets of dirty plates, attempt to shuck clams, failing, and then getting the cook to do it for him. It is only possible for 6 orders to be cooking at once, and each pot takes around 45 minutes to cook. Almost 3 hours have passed (T_T). At this point, we're just so tired and worn out that nearly nothing would be worth this long of a wait. To cap it off, while we were waiting for our orders to finish cooking, they reloaded their pots of gumbo base and pan roast base out front for everyone's viewing pleasure. Not quite something I wanted to see! The gumbo looked like minced up dog food and the pan roast looked like someone's vomit. Stick with the Combination Pan Roast. Imagine a seafood-loaded tomato soup with rice. The Etouffee was excessively salty and nearly inedible.All in all, Oyster Bar was not worth venturing off the strip for. However, if you do  decide to go, I recommend going at the beginning of your Vegas trip, when you may have more patience to wait for things.
3	Only had to wait about 30min-45min which made it a good experience and worth the wait...But.....If I waited over an hour and a half I probably would have been disappointed.Yes the food is good, but of course a lot of prepping is involved to make the bar manageable by a cook, a server, and a "barback." In reality, this is quick dining, watch your food get assembled in front of you in a contraption not seen too often these days, and then slurp it down so the next group can get seated. It felt pretty rushed with the server and cook working as a team to keep those barstools turning, but I completely get it. It's not the type of place you'd go with a group of 6. We had the pan roast combo and bouillabaisse. Both were delicious and filled with seafood. I do wish I had asked for it spicier. My request for medium was barely a hint of spice. I must say the dinner roll they serve was delish! Menu was moderately priced. Would definitely eat here again, but definitely avoid prime time lunch and dinner.
3	There for my birthday, been here before and loved them,! But this time was very different left the strip of Las Vegas to come here for my birthday dinner that shows much I love this place! Got there at 7:30 the hostess said its about a 20 minute wait pulled a little note pad out of her pocket wrote our names down and said stay near by. An hour later I saw another couple walk up and get seated before us, ask the hostess why and she said they were on her lists 1st. For a $100 meal there should be a better process of notifying the patrons then a note pad. Then at 9pm we were seated, told the waiter and hostess we were there for my birthday but never once even got a happy birthday. Not very personal and disappointing. The waiter seemed rushed and was not knowledgable on the menu or dishes, again not wanting to socialize with us, a table of 4 girls who were sober! On top of all the crappy service, long wait to be seated, then a 45 minute wait for our food, we all got sick from the food, and spent our last night and my birthday throwing up from my $100 birthday dinner!
4	We went at 1:40 am and waited about 40 minutes. It's a tiny bar that seats 18 people. From 1-9am, they have moonlight specials: 1/2 dozen oysters for $10, $3 draft, $5 wine. They are a well oiled machine. Every transition is seamless. Watching the chef cook in the steam kettle was a show. We ordered oysters, combo pan roast, and New England clam chowder. The oysters were very fresh; the house made cocktail sauce was phenomenal. The pan roast was delicious. I didn't like the chowder nearly as much as my boyfriend. It was a little runny. Great experience overall.
5	Hands down, the best pan roast places I have ever eaten. Ordered the combo pan roast and it's large enough to share with another person. The spiciness level ordered was an 8 and there was a slight kick but nothing to set you on fire. Came with rice and an individual roll.... Cheap beer so that helps... Looking forward to returning one day. Yummy! They don't take chips as payments (FYI)
5	Thank you for living up to the raving reviews!! Absolute great experience. I will be eating here as much as I can while i'm in town!!
5	Some of the best food I have EVER eaten. The "bar" is in the middle of palace station, has a little over a dozen seats, and there is always a line. They are extremely efficient and if the patrons are eating quickly, we usually get in pretty fast.  It is the definition of a hidden gem. If I don't organize this I'll go on raving for centuries so I'll make a list of awesome:1) There's a particular guy that works here, he's the only server/host/food runner. That man, is Steve. He seats all the guests, he takes all the orders, he brings you the food, and he is simply, amazing. He must see thousands of people a week, but he recognizes us when we come in and is as attentive as the amount of business will allow, which is impressive. He is a large part of why we come here. 2) The food is absolutely amazing. I've had the Clam Chowder, I think New England (?) but I usually stick to a pan roast with an extra scoop of rice. It's amazing. I can't go on enough about it. I literally dream about it. I'm salivating as I write this. 3) Despite the fact that its in my least favorite casino and I will normally do anything to avoid it (the casino), I will still come in here, and wait up to 30 minutes standing, in cigarette soaked air, simply because I love this place so much. 10 stars!
3	Gumbo and other savory dishes were good. It was fascinating to watch the food being prepared. The raw oysters and clams were not very good when I went. They were too big and were hard to enjoy. So if you're looking for a warm, filling meal or really big raw seafood then come here. And, of course, be prepared to wait in line.
5	Amazing! Freshest of fresh mussels oysters and salads! The perfect place to go on a hot summer day in Vegas! Ice cold beer and great key line pie! Staff works hard!
5	Yes, go here. Since every positive comment possible has already been made, I'll offer a data point instead: 21 people in front of us on a Saturday at 7pm took about 2:15 to get a seat.
5	So this place located inside Palace Station is so fuckin amazing! I love seafood and Ricardo and the other lady there are jokesters so if you can't take a joke or get offended easily don't eat there...  My girls and I went there one night to try to get dinner and the line was long.. It would be over an hr wait so we came back the next morning/afternoon.  Luckily no line!! We ordered oysters and clams so start.  I ordered the lobster pan roast and it was great. This place is open 24 hrs. Def a spot to come back to.  Very similar yet different from the boiler in chino hills.
5	I heard the buzz around the Oyster Bar. Dont know what took me so long to try it but I finally did. I ordered the Combo Pan Roast and it is so freaking goooood. Five effing stars with a bonus ef!
4	Anyone who spends time in Vegas really must stop at the Oyster Bar at least once. The name tags of the staff at Palace Station say they love locals, and it seemed like most of the folks in the 18 seats were locals. The locals sitting next to us said a certain chef should be avoided, but everything we had was delicious. I would recommend the Bouillabaisse and add the lobster. That's what Josie had and it was simply wonderful. My Palace Station pan fry was good, but not like the Bouillabaisse!Be prepared to stand in line for at a minimum of 15 minutes - it's literally a bar with 18 seats as others have noted. You'll stand in an open line right next to bar and they don't rush anyone, so relax!
4	This is definitely a good place to eat if you are a fan of creamy, seafoody based soups, chowders and gumbo. However the menu isn't too extensive so if you are a picky eater, it's probably best you move on and eat at a different spot. . As the 1000 other reviewers mentioned, the limited seating+popularity of this place = long lines at all hours of the day. We went early (Vegas early) on a Sunday morning and the wait wasn't too bad, but there was still a wait. Our chef was super friendly and amazing at multitasking. Between socializing with  customers and cooking the pan roasts and chowders, he was shucking oysters and cleaning pots... He asked me if it was my first time and I told him I had been to the Chino location before but not the Vegas one and he said that the Chino location and the Santa Ana locations were actually unaffiliated with the Oyster Bar. Those were started by a former chef of the Vegas location... In comparison to the unaffiliated "Boiler" in Chino, the taste and the price of the pan roast are pretty similar.  The biggest difference is the Boiler has a much larger menu. I got the house special pan roast but next time I will order the crab pan roast. The house special had way too many shrimp (I think there were 8 or 9), a few overcooked lobster pieces that was a bit rubbery and not enough crab. I usually order a 6 or 7 spice level but this time I opted for a 2 because I wanted to try some of the many complimentary hot sauces....However I tried some of my fiance's very hot and spicy gumbo (he got an 8) and after singeing my tastebuds, I decided to try non spicy food for a change. The pan roast is so creamy and salty, it tastes just fine on its own. Service is good considering there is only one server and one busser, but this place could really benefit from an expansion.
5	Usually I would question the seafood in Las Vegas because its so far from the ocean...but Oyster Bar never disappoints with its freshness! I must mention I lied when I said Bacchanal was the only place in Vegas I would wait in a line for; Oyster Bar inside Palace Station is the only other place I won't complain waiting in line for. Although, I do wish they'd buy up more space on the floor and put in a couple extra tables.. Everything they offer here is ahhmazing -both for the taste and view ;) As in their name, oysters, here are superb and a definite must order when eating here.  I highly suggest the combo pan roast which consists of shrimp, lobster, and crab. And (not or! lol) the gumbo. Just do it. You will not regret it my loves. They charge an extra $5 if you share entrees but its totally worth it because the portions are very generous. There are no take out orders -which although can be frustrating, I do appreciate it because that means your food is as fresh as possible. And for those of you who like to fill up on soft, buttery bread, they offer that while you wait :)Another thing I really enjoy is that you can watch the whole process of your delicious foods being prepared, cooked, plated/bowled right in front of you! The chefs are all so nice too. Makes the whole experience that much more enjoyable. Last, for those of you who are going with another person who can't quite handle the heat like you, you're always welcomed to adjust the level of spice in your dishes. But I'd suggest nudging the ones who can't handle the spice, to the plate ;P seafood is always more yummy when its spicy!
5	It's disgusting don't go!  Please make the lines shorter for me.
5	My husband and I travel to Las Vegas several times a year. The highlight of our trip is when we visit The Oyster Bar inside The Palace Station. We usually order The Combo  Pan Roast. It's always amazing! I'm talking if I were to pick a last meal, The Combo Pan Roast is it. The Palace Station is a bit run down, but don't let it deter you from visiting this gem in the desert.
5	Amazing food!!! This place is a hidden gem.  The food is well worth the wait in line. Grab a few drinks at the Irish Pub across the way and drink them while you wait and chat with friends. The seating you see is all the seating Oyster Bar has. We ordered a dozen raw oysters and shared the Combo Pan Roast. Delicious! They have draft beer as well. The seafood was very fresh. Big suprise being so far from the coast. Great service to go along with our meal. We will definately go back next time were in Vegas!!!!!!
5	Love this place. Always a must when I come to Las Vegas. Dozen raw oysters are shucked in front of you and the pan roast/soups too! Oysters taste very fresh and decent size (not too tiny or meaty for me).The combo pan roast is a must-try! Nice and creamy/saucy goodness with rice and seafood is heaven! The etouffee was also delicious.You can choose your level of spiciness from 1-10. I enjoy spice just a tad and a 4 was quite spicy. Still enjoyable though. Portions are quite large. 12 oysters and a pan-roast combo with rice easily fills 2 people up with moderate appetite. Unless you want left-overs, order your own.The service is always great the past 5-6 times I've came here. Wait time can be a bummer of minimum 30-60 mins. But this place is open 24-hours so maybe try going during off-peak meal hours.There are no more than 20 seats and it is sitting directly within the casino slots.I don't know other chefs that work the front counter, but Bob is a pretty funny guy.
5	I've been to a few of these steam kettle cooked joints. Ritter's in Costa Mesa, The Boiler in Chino Hills, Texas Star in Texas Station, but Oyster Bar in Palace Station is THE BEST.The clam chowder is the creamiest, with the most big pieces of clam; the least amount of sand.The pan roast has the most shrimp, crab and lobster.The bread is hot and not stale.Plus if you go at the right time, you get Ricardo (the Filipino chef). He is the BEST. Pro tip: go on New Year's Day morning and for sure you will never encounter a line.Yes it's pricey (for me) but you can bring leftovers home and add more shrimp in there for another meal. The minus is 99% of the time there is a huge line, and people don't give a shit they are holding other people up; like they are done but just sit there and gab. It's just the trade off I guess.
5	My second  time at Oyster Bar and it was amazing.  I came with a party of five the first time and we ordered the seafood jambalaya,  combo pan roast and oysters. Everything was very flavorful and the oysters were delicious!!!  The only real drawback was the wait.  Expect to wait for an hour to two sometimes but you can't really blame this on them when  the food is so good. It's off the strip inside Palace station so you're going to have to take a taxi if you are staying on the strip. The waitress and the chef Bob are very attentive.  They interact with the customers and are very fun to talk to. Definitely a must go to place if you like oysters and pan roast!!
4	Only get the pan roast.  This was my second time here and I tried the gumbo which was okay but not even close to the pan roast.  Service was friendly and very nice.  Worth the wait. Will try the clam chowder next time I go.
4	Believe the hype. It is THAT good! We went on a Friday night around 8:30pm and there were about 10 ppl in front of us. We waited for an hour, and yes, it is so worth it!We got the half dozen oysters, combo pan roast and the combo gumbo. Oysters shucked right in front of us and tasted fresh. The gumbo was loaded with seafood and flavor but the combo pan roast stole the show. Unbelievable... So flavorful and so creamy. Perfect comfort food and honestly perfect everyday food because it's just that good. Absolutely loaded with shrimp, lobster, crab and delicious flavors. Ricardo made our dishes perfectly. This will be a must eat every time I'm in Vegas now!
5	Wow. I came in with no expectations because I wanted to experience everything first hand. The half she'll oysters is a MUST and r he combo pan roast is AMAZING!
1	This place fails on so many levels. The largest issue is that no one seems to be in charge here. They have a cook and 2 waitresses.  They lack adequate seating which leaves a long line of hungry people waiting at least an hour to be seated.  I attempted to eat here on a couple of occasions but didn't because of the line.  When I saw a short line on my last night I decided to try it. The waitresses leave dirty dishes in front of empty seats for 10 minutes + only extending the wait for everyone. Once I was finally seated a waitress dropped a roll in front of me after a few minutes.  I wasn't actually greeted for another 10 minutes. The waitress who spoke to me asked what I wanted to order and at that point I had to request a menu because she didn't notice I sat there with nothing. I did order something because of the amount of time I had invested. I got a Caesar salad with shrimp to get something quick. The waitress was rude. 'That's all you want?' Followed by a sigh & smacking her mouth. The salad had 3 shrimp on it, powdered cheese that 5 year olds eat on spaghetti,  a limp romaine lettuce. Save your money & TIME.  Go anywhere else!
5	Best Gumbo period, and I'm not even a big gumbo fan.  I need to come back and try the pan roast.  Only like 15 seats so expect to wait.
4	Came back for another fix 3 days later before leaving Vegas and chef Ricardo was still cooking up a storm. We came around 11am on a Monday and waited about 30 min.Had to get the Combo Pan Roast again- this time with a 6 on the spicy scale and for me it was the perfect kick without being uncomfortable. Just as good as the first time- amazing!We also tried the Alaskan Claim Chowder and it is one loaded chowder! Plenty of clams, shrimp, lobster mixed in with the creamy, comforting, flavorful soup. This actually goes really well with the pan roast because it is a milky type of creaminess, while the pan roast has more of a tomatoey flavor. Can't wait for the next time!
4	Yeah... What they are saying for the line is true. We went there on a Sunday night around 7pm and still stood an hour in line. But the food is absolutely delicious. Pan roast is great, so as the Alaskan clam chowder soup.
5	I LOVE THE OYSTER BAR! I don't mind the line -- it's expected with only having 15 seats & all the praise for the food being so dead on. It's definitely worth the wait. The staff at any shift -day, swing or graveyard- are consistent with each other -- all so personable and giving fast service. I love that we could watch the chef make the food right in front of you and/or socialize with the neighboring couples/groups, making the atmosphere so casual. I especially recommend the pan roast. While people I've taken with me here have preferred the Combo pan roast (shrimp, lobster and crab) or the palace pan roast (sausage, lobster, shrimp,  crab and chicken) , I feel like all the meats, etc. are too much so I settle for the crab pan roast! Make sure to come HUNGRY!
5	We had the best Combo Pan Roast here!  Our cook was Bob and our waitress was Margie. The only regret was being as they only had 6 steam pots, 18 seats which in turn we waited 45 minutes for our order. But, well worth the wait. Delicious!  Thankfully,  Bob's and Margie were entertaining. We got there just in time, because as soon as we got there, a long line formed!  My friend had the Ceasar Shrimp salad, it only had 3 shrimp. However, the shrimp were huge!  We will definitely be back!
5	waited an hour and a half, and that's considered a shorter line. well worth the wait, though (limited seating area is why the line is normally long). be nice to the chef(s) & server(s), because your experience will only benefit from it (and it's not like they don't deserve it; most of them are really good at what they do, while being more than personable).
5	Will never leave Vegas again without getting some gumbo.   This place serves real gumbo, okra and all.  Had the clam chowder also, it was okay have had better, but the gumbo is worth 10 stars.  Don't let the wait or the  waitress quickly tossing your bread plate on the counter distract you from this food experience.   Once seated, they let you enjoy your food.  No rush to get up for the next patrons.  I liked that.  Went around 12 pm Friday afternoon, about an hour wait.
5	The first time I came here it was around 8pm and had to wait about 1.5 hrs in line, then another 30min for the food. The 2nd time around, we got there right at 12pm right before the rush came, so it was nice to not have to wait this time. The combo pan roast and the alaskan chowder is just amazing. Every bite you take has mounds of seafood. The flavor is consistent within the chefs and honestly, the price is worth how much seafood portions you get. The oysters are actually not too bad as well.
4	the food was good, but the wait is not. and i noticed the reason it took so long was because service really is very slow. there was only on waitress behind the bar for everyone, and the time to get our food, receive the check, and run the check took FOREVER.
5	This place is one of my favorite go to spots for dinner. It's 24 hours so I try to go after dinner hours (9pm or later) so there's a minimum wait in line.The combo pan roast and cioppino are two of my favorites. Definitely the way to go. Can't wait to eat there again soon.
5	First of all, OMG. I can't believe I've never heard of this place. On my last day in Vegas with the birthday girl, Krizia, she suggested we try this place out. Once I heard oyster I was all for it. I didn't think it would be anything crazy though. We waited in line for maybe 30 minutes on a Sunday. After going over the menu, I still didn't know what I was getting myself into. Sitting at the bar was a lot of fun, the chef and our server were very friendly and funny. I ordered the jumbalaya and my friend ordered the panroast combo so that we can share the two dishes. We also ordered oysters which were also really yummy and were cracked and brought to use very fast. Nothing compares to that feeling you get when your food comes out and it's all prepared and cooked in front of you so it is almost like a little tease. I wish I was a better writer so that I could properly described how amazing the panroast was. It's this creamy, buttery sauce with crab, lobster, shrimp, and a scoop of rice. I might've forgotten to include something, but my goodness I can't stop thinking about it! In others' reviews I've read, they compare it to The Boiler in Chino Hills which I also heard is the same owner of this place. I am so happy that I can satisfy my endless craving closer to home. I miss you Oyster Bar. See you soon
5	The Pan Roast lobster, crab and shrimp is worth all the hype its like crack wish I could click my heels and be there from Cali back to Vegas just to get me a bowl of yumminess.  We went in around 4am so luckily there was no wait.  But please be patience its cooked right in front of you so it takes at least 30 minutes but its so worth it.  We got the happy hour oysters they were ok but nothing to rave about.  Also the hot bread is so good dipped in your pan roast but they seem to be skimpy about giving us seconds.  Make sure you tip them good theres a lot of love that goes into their pan roasts!!
5	I can't believe I almost didn't try this place. We had gone to Bacchanal the night before and I had more than gotten my oyster fix. We were in town to watch the Kings battle the Avalanche at MGM and the game ended up going into a shootout. Needless to say, we were pretty hungry at that point, but didn't want to eat anything we would regret the next morning. I perused my bookmarks and the boyfriend thought Oyster Bar was the most benign choice. First off, this place is literally a bar. The maximum occupancy is probably right at 12 people. The menu is concise, which helps with the efficiency of the turnover rate. We were the third party in line and waited approximately 45 minutes. Let me tell you that the wait is worthwhile. I've waited over 2 hours to get ciopino in San Francisco, so this was a cake walk. The bar is really unique. The 2 chefs prepare everything in front of you. There are maybe 6 cooking stations- big metal pots where they cook the dishes to order. And you get to enjoy yummy smells from all the pots. The boyfriend started off with a half dozen raw oysters, which were shucked by our server. They were huge and fresh, according to him. We decided to split a ciopino. Split charges are $5. The serving size was decent. I could have easily polished it off on my own, but it was late and I didn't want to overstuff myself. We had an option for rice or pasta? which we thought was a little strange. We politely declined both (we also didn't see the $5 split charge. It may be because we skipped the starch side) Once the ciopino came out, we understood why pasta was an option. The soup portion was hearty, much like a pasta sauce. It was rich and flavorful and the seafood was cooked to absolute perfection. I will definitely be back. I'd love to try the raw sampler platter and one of the stews. Those are made with a tomato and cream base and smelled amazing when the chef was cooking it in front of us.
5	The service is friendly and nice and the Pan Roast is worth the wait. Although there are times when the wait can be up to two hours, you'll be so happy that you waited! It's a must stop every time my husband and I visit Las Vegas. If you like to eat oysters and or clams try them on the half shell!!!
4	I would have to say one of the best oyster bars of all times. Have gotten better quality seafood here than in the south and nw. Always fun to watch them cook your combo pan roast in front of you.
5	Run! Don't walk and definitely stand in line till you get a seat. This bar will not disappoint. What an experience to watch your creole food being prepared and other patrons dishes being served next to you. The blend of different aromas makes you anticipate the arrival of your own dish even more. I ordered the shrimp gumbo with a heat level of 5 stars. Amazing! It was loaded with shrimp and every bite was a symphony of flavors.  Get off the strip and head to Palace Station. You will be glad you did.
5	BEST PAN ROAST EVER. I usual get the house pan roast. The bf usually gets the crab pan roast. They put a lottttttt of crab in there! It's very very very delicious. It's pretty difficult to find pan roast anywhere else. Fortunately for me, I can go to OC and get Ritter's Steam Kettle! Still, Oyster bar is my all time favorite! The last time I came here I got the cherry clams. Sooooooo good. I think it might even be better than the oysters. But don't get me wrong the oysters are fresh as hell and delicious too! Also during my last visit I found a weird object in my pan roast, they figured out that it was starch from the soup base that didn't get incorporated all the way. It was kinda gross lol but good thing this place has awesome customer service! They took it off the bill, as they should. I've been to place where they mess up and don't comp. the dish. -.- our water glasses were least full. No complaints here. YES, the wait can suck, but the food is so worth it!! TL; DR-best seafood in Vegas! Long wait, but well worth it! (:
4	Pan roasts, gumbo, and oysters, oh my! Lots to choose from at the Oyster Bar! We ate the Combo pan roast and the Alaskan chowder. Great flavor in both, loaded with seafood. We could not finish these dishes as they were too big! One star off for the wait- one and a half hours we waited. This little bar is getting all the attention and the steak house restaurant next door was empty. Maybe they need to move the oyster bar into that!
5	It's such a honor to yelp right after my yelp elite friend @Bridget P! =DMy friend was RAVING, hands down R-A-V-I-N-G about this place so we just HAD to eat here while we were in town. Let's just say the expectations were sky-high at this moment. Right after we parked, we briskly strolled over to the bar joint. There were about 8-9 people in front of us and equated to 45 mins of waiting time from when we were seated. And consider this waiting time being lucky folks. If southern gumbo seafood cuisine excited on the west coast, Oyster Bar has the recipe down pat, I pinky promise!! Pros:+stomach was happy and generous portion, had enough for leftover+excellent staff and waiters (waitresses) and chefs+was social and met some locals by striking up conversations in line waiting+the hype was real and exceeded my expectations+extended hours to 24 hoursCons:-extreme wait...ing...in ...line...-limited seating -the smoke and alcohol can make you dizzy (Yes, located inside a casino!)I was recommended the combo pan roast as a newbie and didn't disappoint!! 2 thumbs up! Watch out, Oyster Bar, I will be singing your high praises until my dying breath!! ^.^ Also, how could I forget to add the fresh dozen oysters!!! I saw them peel over the oyster shelf in front of my own eyes! AHHH...dreaming about it again now...
4	open 24/7... come here on the off hours... so you don't wait in a que.I come here after work in the wee early mornings and there's no line.On my last visit last week... I had to wait almost an hr for my pan roast! How crazy is that?!  It wasn't bus either... I'm not to sure what the deal was... but I was hungry and tired... not a good time to wait that long for food! That's my reason for the minus one star... always kinda pricey... but you're eating seafood!Otherwise... this is a hidden gem inside of the PS. PAN ROAST... I LOVE YOU!!! mmm... comfort food at its best!
4	Love this place! Never disappointed. Great food and service. Wish they expanded their seating, so I wouldn't have to stand in line and watch others eat. But then again the food is worth the wait. Can't wait to visit them again.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. I dont really care that I have to wait an hour, because the food is so delicious. Whenever I go, there's this Asian man with glasses who is cooking - he is seriously so funny, makes fun of you, and makes it really enjoyable to be sitting/waiting for food. The oysters are always so fat and juicy and I always have to get a dozen. I also always get the combination pan roast. The portions are huge, so you should either share a plate or take it to go - I suggest you take it to go so you can indulge yourself later. Make sure to come with an empty stomach! You will not be disappointed.
4	I had heard a lot about the oyster bar. It's legendary for long lines and people who are willing to wait 2 hours to get a seat. I got there around 5:45pm and got seated around 6:45pm. Even tho the line was not long. Usually one person waits and that person waiting may have 6 or more in the party. Now let's get to the food. I got the pan roast which is what they're famous for. They ask you what spicy level form 1-10 . I chose 3 and it was perfect for me a tinge of spicy hot. Next time I'm gonna try level 4. the guy told me the spicy level all depends on the chef on duty, when I went he told me the chef is right on the money. The pan roast had crab, shrimp and lobster. honestly the flavor remind me of chicken tiki Marsala almost except with sea food. It was very good and worth the wait. Next time I'll try something else. My friend also got half dozen oysters, he said it was good and regretted not getting a dozen. Everything is cooked right in front of you. As soon as you sit down they give you a warm dinner roll with bread. The service was excellent and refilled your drinks without even asking. Definitely a place I would recommend when in Vegas.The long wait does suck and why a place that is busy 24/7 doesn't expand doesn't make sense.
5	This place is legit! I been to Vegas so many times but this is the first time I heard of this place. I got the combo plan roast and is delicious. Portions are huge and is super fresh
4	Gumbo is awesome!  You can get spicy level from 1-10 and if u like spicy, I highly recommend 8 stars. Oysters are super juicy and fresh!!
5	Everyone raves about this place...and yes it's true. Waited a little over an hour on a Thursday night around 11PM, friends say I'm lucky to have barely waited haha! Tried the gumbo and it was pretty good, not great. But.....the Pan Roast....yup, twas HEAVEN! I personally think the sauce is a mix between lobster bisque, tomato cream soup and creamy pontchartrain sauce. Very heavy but oh so good. Big portions so share or come with an empty stomach. The oysters were super fresh...like...I taste the ocean...in my mouth...type of way. =) 5 Stars for the Pan Roast because I can't seem to find an adequate recipe for it online. Think its a top secret recipe. shrugs. Not to sure if I want to pay random strangers online for the recipe....but I'm tempted. haha
5	Palace pan roast combo all day!!
5	Allan, E.Z., and Steve are all awesome at their job as the food was delicious and the service was great. They made it feel homey as if we were eating at a good friends dinner table.
4	Lines don't look long but don't let that fool you. Only a few people like 3 groups in front and still had to wait an hour and a half. Ordered pot roast seafood and oysters. Very fresh and will come again. Also here's a tip order extra rice if you are ordering pot roast you can share for two. It's huge
3	Pan roast is amazing but NOT worth the 2 hour wait. Skip on the gumbo. You will be disappointed. There are only 18 seats at the bar.
3	Definitely can't go wrong with a visit to the oyster bar! I would have to agree that the oysters are nothing to run home and tell about but they are decent! You would think that they would have above par oysters being that the restaurant name is themed around that particular item! The infamous pan roast happened to be one of the items I ordered and it was exactly what I anticipated  it to be! VERY GOOD! Filling and rather tasteful :-) I got a medium but i think I'll do more spicy the next time! Clam chowder is a hit! I wish it would've been hotter though! The location inside the Texas is much less busy!
4	I went here for lunch and there was hardly a line. My friend and I ordered the oyster on the shell, a bowl of the New England clam chowder and the combo pan roast with a level three on spicinessFirst off they will ask if you are sharing plates and you gotta be honest. They ask so they can charge you an extra five dollars but the plates were so big it actually saves you money to share rather than order another entree The clam chowder was amazing and not salty. The oyster fresh and didn't have that fishy aftertaste. The pan roast was amazing and just the right amount of spiceDefinitely coming back when I am in town!!!
5	Oh man, I love this place! Oyster bar is located in palace station hotel. Go at really odd times as there could potentially be a 2-3 hour wait. They only have 16 seats so I definitely recommend going after clubbing or super duper early in the morning.The pan roast was soooo amazing. Very creamy and filling. This order plus 2 scoops of rice can definitely serve 2 people. This is a must order!I would recommend skipping on the oysters. While they were good, I would save room for the pan roast and the shrimp and lobster fra Diablo.
5	I've been wanting to try this place since I moved to Vegas and tonight was the perfect night! I had the oysters and linguini white clam sauce. Oh my god-both were unreal!!!I guess I've never had a real oyster or clam because this was just ridiculous! I went on a Tuesday and the wait wasn't bad at all! Order the white clam sauce! Sooooooooo good and so full!
5	$@,!:$,8/&2?;&;' goddamn the wait is long! But man it was worth the wait. Here is my review:Interior: this place is inside palace station, one of the old casinos off the strip. When I saw the casino from the outside, I thought this place is gonna be shady, but unlike the casino, the bar looks nice and neat!Customer service: my girl and I got there around 915 and got seated after an hour. We had to wait another 45 mins to get our food. They could seriously expand or give people a piece of bread while waiting. I went there hungry and almost died before eating. Another thing that bothered me is the staff. The chef was kinda cold when the ladies next to us were joking and waitress wasn't any better. She was jus spotty. At this point, you might wonder why I give this place five stars.. The game changer..Food: the combo pan roast was jus redunk. I never had anything similar before. The soup was creamy and rich. The lobster, crab, and shrimp were harmoniously dancing around in the soup while I was indulging myself. I was desperate, hungry and miserable while waiting but all is forgiven. I salute you, oyster bar. I'll never forget you!
4	The wait here is ridonkulous, but that's to be expected: they only have 15ish seats so you pretty much watch people eat while you wait miserably in line.  Came here on a MONDAY night at 9pm thinking... the wait can't be that bad. Wrong! Despite this, many people will wait and for good reason: the food is pretty darn GOOOOD.We were seated after about an hour and it took another hour to finally get our food. They make everything to order and make it right in front of you, so I guess that's pretty cool.I got the combo pan roast and an order of 6 oysters. Oysters were surprisingly good for being in the desert! Mmmm.... wish I could have some right now.Combo pan roast had shrimp, lobster and crab. So glad I got the combo with shrimp bc the whole pan roast is really creamy, and just having lobster or crab would have been too mushy! The seafood tastes so fresh. I would say this meal is really heavy though..next time I may just share with someone and enjoy something else on the side. I got spicy level 5 to be safe but I wish I got 7 or 8. 5 wasn't really spicy at all to me. It did not have the slightest kick. I guess it's my fault for not getting it spicier.The service was okay. The chef made no effort to conceal his tiredness and apparent annoyance with his job. I also feel like they're so understaffed. When people are done eating and leave, it can take them a while to clean up and seat the next starving party.You should definitely check this place out if you haven't :)
5	Okay wow. This place is fantastic. There's only like 12 seats in the whole restaurant and there is ALWAYS a wait! But seriously the wait is worth it. I waited about 35 minutes (which I hear isn't that bad).I had the oysters which were the best I've ever had! Even better than Jersey Shore oysters. I ordered the palace pan roast. It was amazing! The crab was so good. The andouille sausage was delicious. The portion was huge!!! And it was only $23 for all of that seafood. I would absolutely recommend getting that dish. Can't wait to go back!
5	I come here at least twice a month and I pray Hollowmon is there every time he's extremely into every dish he cooks and very entertaining.
5	If I don't stop by Oyster Bar when I'm in vegas, I leave a little broken hearted.  This is the only "bar" I go to because I'm hungover... LOL. I have given over 2 hours of my precious life just to get a seat here... So ya know my love for Oyster Bar is unconditional. The pan roast is so good that it's popped up in my hometown in Orange County.. Although he is former chef to Oyster Bar, it's just not as good.Same people always working every time I visit. The chefs are really nice and easy to talk to... Even at 4 IN THE MORNING! I give props for dealing with all the pan roast fiends at ALL wee hours of the night for years on end! The oysters at "oyster bar" aren't the freshest though. The clam chowder is good. The steamed clams are good. The bouillabaisse is good. BUT PAN ROAST IS THE BEST!!! I personally get rice on the side & lvl 8/9 spicy but I love my food more caliente!DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT SHARING... because leftovers are just as good later when you're drunk.
3	Food is good but not out of this world. The cook could learn to be more kind to the customers.
4	With tons of modern casinos and hotels on the strip, there's really no reason to venture to palace station. But within this outdated casino is a wonderfully delightful seafood "bar", conveniently called oyster bar.I was told about this quaint little location by my best friend before my recent trip vegas and was even warned about the long lines and waiting time. But I will say this get there as early as possible because the waiting time can be ridiculous. Here's an example, I went on a Monday night at 1AM in the morning and wasn't seated till 2:45AM. Yes for a Monday night that's insane but so worth the wait. The yelp reviews alone gives you a taste of what to expect.So when my wife and I finally got seated we shared a dozen oysters. They shucked the oysters in front of our eyes and I must say they were fresh and delicious. With just the right amount of horse radish, and hot sauce made it a perfect appetizers. We then order what's clearly the most popular dish, the pan roast. It's a combination of seafood and what appears to be a very tomato bisque type soup, with a definite taste of Parmesan cheese. It's served with a scoop of rice. The presentation reminded me of gumbo. The process alone to make this tasty dish is worth watching. The chef entertains you while cooking multiple dishes in what seems to be a roasting/ stemming pot. With seating for about 10-12 people there will always be a wait but the staff are pleasant and entertaining. They make you feel at home but definitely don't take shortcuts with their food. Since it's off the strip it's a place you will have to make a detour too but I'm telling g you it's worth it. Despite being in a smoky and outdated hotel, the oyster bar is clearly the shinning jewel of this location. I guarantee I will always make a personal stop there everytime I'm in Vegas.
2	Ok...so the food was decent, although the oysters were watered down a bit but none the less huge! The way this place is set up it's literally a bar in a casino with about 15 chairs available. You literally have to wait in a line and wait until someone is done eating in order for you to sit and order. We waited for close to 2 hours. It was not worth it!!! The service was mediocre. What truly ruins this place is the set up and the ridiculous wait time.
5	This place is so good and like everyone says it is worth the wait.It is only bar top seating with 18 seats i think. So the wait can be anywhere from 20 minutes to 2 hours. I usually always get the combo pan roast. Its like a bisque with seafood and spicy.Comes with rice so that helps with the spice. I have once tried the bouillabaisse  and it was also tasty the broth was lighter compared to the pan roast. I have also had the clam chowder which is also good. We always get a dozen of their oyster, I mean what can you say about oyster other than delicious.
5	My friend jt told me about this place.  Ive been coming to LV since 1978 and my first time here.  WOW I got the combo pan roast.  Fantastic!  and i had no wait since i got there at about 8am on a Saturday, three seats taken.  Got in, pigged out and freakn loved it.  Great prices, spent 50 total.
5	Best gumbo I've ever had!! I tried oysters here for the first time; the texture wasn't for me but the rest of my group seemed to love it. The wait time can be a bit long due to the limited seating, but it's definitely worth the wait. :)
5	Everything they say is true. Amazing and worth the wait. We had the pan roast. Made the mistake of sharing it with my husband. We will be back ordering one each next time. The steamed muscles were fresh and tasty in a butter/wine/garlic broth. Thinking of driving out to Vegas from San Diego just for that.
2	Came here last night with my gf and let me tell you, the wait is excruciating. They need to expand a bit and have more tables because they tend to have a long wait time due to the fact of the seating, or maybe a limit at the table because they were people just chilling after they were done Eating taking selfies smh. Wait time was 2 1/2 hours!! We ordered the house gumbo cause we saw on yelp people suggested that and the pan roast combo. We also ordered a dozen of oysters. Oysters wasn't all that great it tasted gross. I've tasted better oysters at other places that are much more fresher and sweet tasting. The house gumbo came out good but I wouldn't go back and wait for that long just for that. Customer service was great I have no negative comment about our server. I'd give better ratings if there service was a lot faster by adding more chairs and tables.
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets !
5	We were there early for breakfast, made it just before the line started........wonderful food that was prepared expertly at the counter. Bouillabaisse and oysters for breakfast.......it was incredible. Not inexpensive but one of those meals worth the cost. Even my Hungarian heritage bland food wife could not believe how great it was. She finished everything on the counter. Wonderful stuff. Viva Las Vegas!!!!!!!!!!
5	Hands down the BEST OYSTER BAR IN LAS VEGAS. If this place is the first oyster bar you try in Vegas I feel like other oyster bars were very disappointing.. That's how good this oyster bar is. Yeah, intense right?The only thing that is really unfortunate is the waiting.. But it makes you want it more! I definitely do not recommend going with a large group. I say four people the most. The wait is sooooo worth it at the end I can guarantee that.I crave their food every time I think about their delicious pan roast, oysters, and clam chowder. (Like I am right now) I've tried other things but those items that I just listed are my absolute favorite. With the pan roast I ask for the rice on the side. Customer service is good.
5	Wow, I now understand what the hype is about. We went at 9am and were seated right away. We had the combo pan roast which was absolutely amazing! It was so full of flavor with a nice balance of creamy and savory. The oysters were super fresh, shucked to order. The cioppino was not my fav, but the hubby enjoyed it. Pan roast and oysyers is a must! The best part though were the chefs/servers. They were hilarious and gave us a free gumbo taster.
5	Holloman is so amazing! Best chef ever, great spirit and even better food. Wait is super long but totally worth it.
5	Hands down the best seafood off the strip. The linguine with clam sauce is bangin!  Go there! Its fresh and atmosphere is fun coz everyone is enjoying the food. It's a bit of a wait on the weekends but not bad on weekdays. Go!
5	My body was defeated after waiting in line for three hours. Yes, three hour wait for this restaurant. Granted, it was the day after Thanksgiving. Thankfully, it was revived by amazing tastes of seafood medley presented by the Oyster Bar. We had half dozen oysters to start off our unforgettable experience. Oysters were big, nicely chilled, and fresh to the death. Gumbo and Alaskan New England style chowder was served next. You can ask spice on the side. I did that since spicy is not my thing. I'd say both dishes were definitely one of the best I've ever tasted. Portions are quite large, so can you take the amazingness home.Food was good. Service was two thumbs up. The only downside was the waiting time. Three hours is a long time.    However, it was definitely worth it.
5	The stars and amount of reviews say it all. Pan roast (level 5) and oysters rocked my thanksgiving night. Even though it was midnite, we still waited an hour. It was worth every minute of the wait. Do not come here starving because of the wait. Have a snack beforehand and you will be set for bliss when you get seated. Also if you come between 1am-9am, there's a sweet happy hour on oysters and drinks. I think the chefs name is Holoman or soloman... Either way- he creates culinary delights!
5	waiting is 1-2 hours, but you know what, totally worth it! Love the combo pan roast the most, very flavorful, lots of seafood, and the rice to mix with it was properly cooked. Linguine with clam was good but not outstanding. will go back to again for the pan roast even have to stand in line for another 1 hour or longer
2	Alaskan clam chowder spicy level 5Combo panroast spicy level 5 Clam chowder was really good and it comes with a lot alot alot a lot of seafoods. The portion was really big too. My girlfriend and I could not finish both dishes. We barely had panroast which was little salty. I personally do not think their foods were worth the wait. Air in casino was shitty.
5	I read here a lot of good reviews, then I went there to check. First time I saw a long line and I was pretty hungry, then I gave up and ate chinese food near there. Today we went and still a long line, but we took. Believe me: worth every minute we spent waiting!!! Its so delicious!I had some fresh oysters, red wine and Alaskan Chowder! He had the Pan Roaster.OMG! We'll be back tomorrow for sure!!! We loved it!!!! I recommend that for sure! So good food!   Now, I understand why always a long line! =-)
5	The best oyster bar in Vegas. I've eaten here a handful of times and have never been disappointed. I always get the combination pan roast and it is delicious. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. If you're not familiar with a pan roast, its kind of like a seafood stew in a buttery tomato sauce. I had never heard of a pan roast until I tried it here, and let me just say I was hooked from the first bite!The only downfall is that this place is tiny, the bar seats 18 only, and that means there are super long waits! On my last visit, we waited about 45 minutes for a party of 2 which isn't so bad, but sucks if you're hungry ;)   Let me just say that the wait is worth it. I would wait hours just to eat here, it is that good. Do yourself a favor and try this place! 5 stars for sure!
5	The food is worth the wait, we would literally wait an hour plus just to get a seat. I take every visitor from out of town here and this is a spot where we go to drink and eat their rocker fellers which they don't have anymore. The chefs and waitresses are always funny even when they are super slammed. It's entertaining and walking through the casino - even the dealers smile and say hi. I just love this place, always great energy and  always win when I gamble there haha. Enjoy all the good eats!
5	FYI, get the pan roast at less mild to medium spice. I tried it very mild due to sharing it with a friend that doesn't care for spicy. But wow, the flavor was totally different. I'm definitely not going to knock down a star for that. I wish the lines weren't so long! I've stopped by 3-4 times now, and each time the wait looks to be 45+ minutes, so i had to pass :(But i can't wait to eat it again!
5	I have came here multiple times and have waited all different lengths of line, however this trip was 2 hours waitline and it was still worth the wait. Restaurants in LA still cannot replicate the pan roast that I always want it when I visit vegas. This place is must-try. The combo pan roast always melts in my mouth. The portions are huge so there's always leftovers. don't share unless the person you're sharing with, is also gonna order another different type of pan roast and you get to try it and eat it for later. If they are not, like I mentioned, don't share, you'll want your own to eat later back at the hotel, when you come back from that club, bloated from alcohol, but room for pan roast. Plus you waited that dang 2 hours, so just get your own.
1	My review is not based solely from the food but the whole experience of the restaurant, starting from the wait. This restaurant, although I don't know if a place this small should even be called a restaurant, has a LONG WAIT. By long I mean a few hours maybe. Do not be deceived by the seemingly short line. Since there are only a handful seats, it takes forever for your turn to come around. While waiting, you are going to suffer from the smoke and dirty carpets. I felt almost itchy and disgusted waiting in line since the restaurant is placed right in the middle of a casino floor. There isn't even a proper door or sectional to divide the restaurant from the casino. I started having headache from breathing in the pungent air for such a long time. As for the food, yes they are good because there is a ton of seafood in there. But I didn't feel like it was special to the extent that you would wait hours for this in such a terrible environment. The portions are huge, so definitely share it with someone. There is no way you could even finish half of the food by yourself. The service of the restaurant is pretty bad. There is a "chef" who cooks and there is a server/chef who does everything from cleaning the tables, cooking the food at times, serving the drinks and food, bringing you the check. So evidently, this person is super busy. You have to wait for him to come close to you to ask for more drink or even your check. Also, while we were eating the chef got frustrated and said things to the "server". This just made everything super uncomfortable for me because it is a complete open kitchen. Vegas has so many great restaurants. DO NOT COME HERE AFTER LOOKING AT THE REVIEWS. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME DURING YOUR TRIP. Maybe, if you have a ton of time and want to have a lot of seafood for the cheap price and live in Vegas or something, then I guess this restaurant could be good for you. I WOULD NEVER RETURN HERE EVER AGAIN. DISGUSTING AIR CONDITIONS.
5	This is by far, the best oyster and creole creation in the west coast. The long lines are so worth it, except you have to drool while u watch people eat the most scrumptious meal like it was shipped from the french quarter.
4	The line is worth it for the food. I'd give it 5 stars but the looooooooong line killed it.
4	Pros:Fresh seafood, cooked wellHuge oysters on the half shellFriendly serviceGreat atmosphere, it truly is a "bar" with 18 seats.Cons:Be prepared to wait well over an hour to be seated.They have six kettles to cook the food, so you may end up waiting awhile for your entrees. After waiting 2 hours to be seated, we then waited an hour between our oyster appetizer and our main courses.
4	We heard about this place while in Sin City and decided to check it out.  We heard that the lines can be really long so we decided to go in the late morning.  It was the perfect time to go as there was no wait.  We were immediately seated and our order was taken.  We shared a Pan Roast and bowl of clam chowder.  The food was excellent.  It was also cool to see it being cooked right in front of you.  Service was excellent and prices were decent.  This is definitely a place to checkout!!!
5	Glad I found yelp to tell others this is the best place for oysters, clams and more! There is typically a LONG line as that's the bad...the good is  its worth the wait! Don't be discouraged! They are also to convienant to my house as my husband always knows where I want to go for dinner...anywhere near this place, just go...we love this place!
5	Pan roast was delicious,  crab salad is to die for,  I've also tried their clam chowder, absolutely delicious... my goodness in can eat there every day- I want to thank everyone there including the chef's, always smiling and I've always had great service and the oyster bar at Texas station is delicious and just as friendly
4	Had the combo pan roast. Not as good as ritters steam kettle. I think ritters is a lil bit more creamy and oyster bar is a lil more saucy(?) They only have 12 seats... literally a bar so you must wait in line for awhile depending on when you go. Was there awhile round maybe 11 ish 12 ish on friday night. Wait was about 40 minutes. Order spicy level #8 and it was pretty spicy considering I'm korean but then again I can't handle too much spicy. The chef had an unappetizing facial impression/expression. He does not look happy to be working there. If they're going to have the chef out in the open I think it's a good idea to have someone who seems more genuinely happy to be making the food the customers are going to eat. But the older man who takes care of the cleaning, hosting, taking orders, etc.. was very friendly and has nice impression.
5	Wow. This soup is AMAZING. Ordered the pan roast combo and boullibase and half dozen of the clams..  WOW. The pan roast is creamy, flavored right, and the seafood was so fresh and tasty. I'm hungry again thinking about it. The only thing that sucks about this place is the wait. There are only 18 seats at the bar but it is definitely worth the wait!  The oysters are fresh!  Please please please get the pan roast combo.
5	I wish I could give 6 stars.I've heard all the hype about Oyster Bar from my friends and family. I told them that they shouldn't put it on such a pedestal because once I get it, it won't be as good as they say. Let me just say that they didn't hype it up enough. Oyster Bar is for real. The hype is real. You HAVE to go when you're in Vegas.Pan RoastI have never had such a bomb tasting Pan Roast. On top of thay, I've never had such a BIG Pan Roast. I couldn't even finish it. I forced as much as I could just on pure awesomeness of taste.Clam ChowderWow wow wow. I should have just gotten a cup instead of a bowl because I couldn't even finish the Pan Roast. Don't forget to add the crackers. Recommended but not required. So good.Oyster Bar will be on my list each and every time I come to Vegas. 6 stars.
4	Oyster bar is always our go to spot that we absolutely must visit each time my husband and I go to Las Vegas! Oyster bar is located in the palace station (be sure not to get it mixed up with another placed called oyster bar is LV.. It's not the same)The best time to go is 3am-8am.. We arrived in LV at 6:30am & got to oyster bar at 7:30 on a Sunday morning & for the first time ever... When we got to the bar we were the only customers. The chefs mentioned that there was a rush about 30min-1hr before we got there. Usually when we go to oyster bar we have to wait for an hour or more (but once we get our food, the wait is definitely worth it!)  We always know what we want to order before we even get to oyster bar. Our usual is combination pan roast w/ level 5 spiciness w/ two rice. The combo pan roast includes shrimp, crab, & lobster.. Some times we like to pay extra & add clams. Level 5 spicy is not very spicy.. I don't like too spicy but my husband does, so sometimes he ask the chef to prepare him a spicy sauce on the side. If you aren't too hungry I would suggest sharing, but if you're very hungry... Get your own because it's soooo good! We also order the oysters (if u go during happy hour they're cheaper) The staff are all very friendly, usually it's the same chefs that are working each time we go. Overall, I definitely recommend going to oyster bar, once you try it once you'll be hooked! Try to avoid going during busy hours such as lunch & dinner time to avoid the long wait.  I rated them 4 stars because of the long wait.. There's only about 12 seats at the bar or so (you have to be 21yrs old or older) but I rate their food (combo pan roast esp) 5+ stars!
5	As always the food was awesome.  Got the Palace Pan roast with linguine (instead of rice) and it was delicious.  Very big portions. Didn't care for the long wait but that's our fault for going during prime lunch hours. Avoid going between 11 and 2 if possible. Can't wait to go back next time I'm in town.
5	The pan roast was out of this world good.  The gumbo was some of the best i have ever tasted.  Food is prepared in front of you.  You can order your own level of heat.  The downside is no reservations and generally a long wait since the bar seats 18.We got lucky, only a 25 minute wait late at night. The bar is located in an older hotel off the strip, but you need to go there and eat some great food at very reasonable prices for what you get.
5	The closest to Louisiana you can get here in Vegas! But be very prepared to wait in line for an hour or two in busy nights, they can o let seat 16 at a time. Unless if you want to come at 3am since they're now open 24hrs.You have to go with the combo pan roast with extra seafood. It's the original favorite here. 1-10 spice choice. Go with 4 to 5 if you want to taste your seafood instead of the heat.  The oysters can be pretty big and fresh anytime, go figure, it has no after taste. I've had the oyster shots and they're good too. The jambalaya is just so so. Your best choice is the pan roast combo here.Depending on the chef you could be waiting for hours or not. People will wait in line and I guess that's why they're confident to take their time too other than they know they deliver what you crave for when it comes to Cajun/creole food.
4	I've heard the big rave about Oyster Bar.  We got the combo pan roast which was really good.  I love that it has a piece of lobster in it too!  I've had pan roast in LA and I can say this one here was pretty good.  The pan roast is about 24 bucks and a $5 charge for sharing, but it was fine.  We got an extra bowl of rice.  I really could not stop eating the pan roast, it was that good!  Make sure you ask a worker at Palace Station if you can't find Oyster Bar!
4	Yummy Pan Roast! I came here after a late night of hitting the Vegas Clubs. And boy there was a wait. Ending up waiting an hour here but it was worth it. You sit the bar area and order your food. Honestly, the Pan Roast is all you need. The sauce was perfect.
5	Its such a gem off the strip.  Its actually a bar (so hide your children or your wife).  The portions are gigantic but watch out for the $5 sharing fee.  Since there's only about 20 seats and typically a huge line, come during the off hours like breakfast.  The chef is also hilarious.  Here's an interaction we saw with a customer:"Where is the oysters from""The water""Which water?""Walmart""How do you cook it?""With Magic"Would definitely come back here just for entertainment.
4	Oysters and PAN ROAST, OH MY! The waiting game: This part of my dining experience was no joke! I waited for an hour and half to get seated! It was WORTH it!Food: Oysters:Fresh and delicious!  The cocktail sauce with horseradish on the side was great at masking the fishy taste of the oysters. My only complaint is that I wished the portions were bigger. Combo pan roast: This big bowl of goodness is something that you cannot find anywhere else.  The best way I can describe the dish is that it is a creamy/ cheesy soup with crab, shrimp, and lobster and a side of rice. Delicious yes, but you will definitely have a FOOD COMA for days, so prepare yourself!Service: Since this restaurant is literally a bar table with 12 seats, there was only one chef and waitress doing everything.  The chef Bob and I cannot recall the name of the waitress made it a very enjoyable experience when I was there. They kept cracking jokes throughout my whole time there and on top of that, they were fast and efficient with everything. NO COMPLAINTS.    Final Verdict: I dreaded the wait but loved my experience here , so YES I will be back!
5	Outstanding as always.   There's always a line here,  and it's  obvious why once you get your meal. I've been coming here for 20 years.
5	Food:  My fiancee ordered the pan roast and I ordered the gumbo.  Hands down, pan roast is AWESOME.  This place also serves the best gumbo I had ever tried.Food rating:  5/5Service:  Service here is decent and is mostly busy.Service rating:  4/5Price:  Expect to pay $20+Overall:  I must come here every time I'm in Vegas.
5	After hearing about this place from friends and fellow Yelpers, I had to check it out for myself. Oyster Bar is located inside the Palace Station casino and seats only 18 people. There was about 6 people waiting in line ahead of us at around 3am, and we were seated a little over an hour after arriving. The chefs were friendly and worked as fast as they could, but food took about 20-30 minutes to be served. I decided on a half dozen oysters ($10 between 1-9am) and the highly raved about Combo Pan Roast ($23.99). The oysters were freshly shucked and some of the best I've ever had. I can't compare my pan roast to other places since I've never had it before, but it's a really thick stew made out of brandy, tomato and cream. The Combo Pan Roast was full of large pieces of crab, lobster and shrimp and had the perfect amount of spice for my taste at a level 8. It was super rich, creamy, and absolutely delicious. The serving was enough for two people, so I had plenty to take home with me. I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Very late late dinner or very early early breakfast.... 2 hours of waiting, worth it!!!
5	The wait for this place is really long, but I already knew that from the reviews. We went to eat at about 10:45 PM and it took us about 1-1/2 to 2 hours to get seated. I've eaten here before but it was many years ago and I have been wanting to eat the clam linguine from here for a while. When we were finally seated, I ordered the New England clam chowder and the linguine and clams with a 2 heat (spice). Mike had the New England clam chowder and the Palace Pan Roast with a 6 heat (spice). They serve a sourdough bun with your order. I really liked the bun (with butter) and asked for more. The clam chowder was good too. Of course my FAVORITE was the linguine with clams. Mike's Palace Pan Roast was also good, although I would've liked more rice to go with it. Yes, I ate some of his food too :)
5	i waited 2 hours in line  yes excellent like every one say pan roast combo the bomb chef and waiter excellent  long wait  but worth it
4	I didn't want to like this place.Especially one hour into our two-hour wait, I was getting hangry (hungry angry), and I figured this would be like watching Avatar - unable to match the hype. But, I have to say the food is really good and props for the waitresses for keeping a smile.Pros:1) Food quality.Despite the hype, the food is good. We got the Alaskan Chowder and the Combo Pan Roast. There are huge chunks of tender lobster, lots of large shrimp, and tender pieces of real clam. Unlike many places where it is mostly soup with a few shreds of seafood, this is chock full of the good stuff. The Alaskan entree is way better than the regular soup items, and the best chowder I've ever had. I also feel that it is the best deal on the menu. The combo pan roast is also good, but costs a few bucks more for similar ingredients. They are also stingy with the rice; now I understand why many people get one pan roast, pay the $5 splitting fee, and get two plates of rice to better match one dish of pan roast sauce.2) Service. There's only 1 cook and 2 waitresses. They're working hard and nonstop. They're probably frustrated too. But they found a way to smile and instead of kicking the dog; they were really nice to all customers... enough so that I noticed and was pleasantly surprised. Soda refills were frequent and without needing to ask. Cons:1) Obviously the 2-3 hour wait. Even if you go before you're hungry, the time goes slowly and you get impatient quickly. They seriously need to open a bigger restaurant or additional locations. It's worse in the casino because you're stuck inhaling all the smoke and getting lung cancer just to get your dinner. 2) Small kitchen.There are only 18 seats. Worse, there are only 6 steam pot thingies to cook the food. That means that it takes 3x as long to get through a round of people, which causes the 2-3 hour wait. Note that in between cooking, each pot must be cleaned - which takes as long as cooking.3) Some of the customers.Things are slow enough, but some people are really inconsiderate which makes the long wait worse.- You had 2 hours in line to decide what you want. Don't look at the menu for the first time after you get seated, making the rest of us hungry for an extra 15 minutes.- This is not a bar. Don't sit there sipping a wine for 30 minutes before you even order your food. Eat and get out so the rest of the hungry people can have a turn. This is Vegas and you can get alcohol anywhere else.- This is not good for big parties. No better way to get mad than to see an empty seat or two (out of only 18) sit there unused for 30-40 minutes because they are trying to seat five people together, or four people done but waiting for the one slow eater in their group. Sit separately or find a friend who eats faster.I'm glad I went once, but will not go again unless the wait is less than 30 minutes (which is only at 7am I'm told).
3	Im in between 3/4 stars. Let me explain why. The wait is kind of ridiculous....BC, the bar seats like less than 20 ppl, AND everything is made or order so it takes timeeeeeeeeeee! When we got there Monday AM at 10:20am, there were exactly 6 ppl infront of us, with 7 open seats at the bar (Im just a party of 2). The 7 open seats needed to be cleaned. Im thinking....we're the 7th ppl in line, we should be seated fairly quickly, right?!!They surely cleaned the table, like 5min each for the seat, NO JOKE! I was timing. Someone didnt feel like working monday morning.... I get it. =(So, we waited over 30min to get seated. Im still HAPPY bc i hear the wait is like 1 to 2hrs long. We get seated around 11am and the lady is going around taking orders. She was so friendly and chatty with her customers, but hello?!!! can you please take our order and then resume with the morning news?!Still waiting...to...order. Finally, after her local news, she takes our order. YAY!........................................................................................1 dozens of Oysters and Pan Roast, please. Oysters were really fatty and yea, i like them smaller. These oysters were big-if you like big ones, these are your winning plate. Pan Roast...so, we ordered and it takes abount 20min for the food to cook. It looked amazing when they are making my bowl....but its not for me. Its for other 5 ppl who ordered it, with different spice level. We got level 8. Its not that spicy. The pan roast was DELICIOUS; however, i can't eat more than 1/3 because its so rich and buttery and creamy and fatty. I'm lactose-intolerant and I was prepared for this pain and suffering. As soon as i ate 1/3 of it, i died.
5	This place is amazing from the food to the service.   We waited in line for two hours and I would do it again.  The long line is due to the limited amount of seats at the bar which only seats 18.  The limited capacity allows for friendly banter with the chef and the rest of the crew much like you would have with a bartender at a bar.  Our waitress was super friendly we even scored a sample of the clam chowder .   It was pretty cool being able to see your meal cooked in front of you.  I ordered the combination pan roast which contains shrimp, lobster and crab.  You can adjust your spice level (1-10) I went with 6 and my friends who ordered 7 and 8 seemed to think that 6 would have been a good level.  We also got the shrimp scampi which was also very good.  Overall I had a great experience with my delicious meal and fun staff.  Hopefully I can return to this place another time at some odd hour when the demand isn't as high.
5	-Be prepared to wait!!!! It doesn't matter if there are only four people in front of you. If the bar is full, you are likely going to wait at least 45 min before you sit. After that, it will take at least another 40 min before you get your order. Even knowing all of this, I still give this place five stars because it was WORTH the wait!! I will probably do this whole thing again very soon because it was that good. And the people waiting in line with you for an hour don't budge and look on because they agree that it is THAT good.-The Manhattan Clam Chowder is a must! It's cooked to order and you can taste it! I liked the Pan roast I ordered, but oh my goodness my friends bouillabaisse looked ridiculously mouth watering too.
