3	Pretty good pasta.  I would say 3.5 stars.  There are other places in the area I prefer for Italian, nevertheless, it is a cute restaurant with fresh seasonal pasta dishes. You can't go wrong here.
4	It seems as though my experience at Caffe Boa was better than average.  We went on a slow night so we did not have a hectic dining experience.  Instead, we got personal attention with great suggestions.  It has been a while, so I do not remember exactly what I had but I know it was a delicious pasta dish that I consumed.  I will be sure and hit it up again when I am in town to give it a proper food review.
4	I really like the vibe in this place. On top of that, our server was perfectly attentive without being annoying and she even cut us a little break on our bill. We started with the artichoke appetizer, which was disappointing. It came in a cream sauce and was baked and smelled delicious, but just wasn't. The sauce was bland and the artichoke was awkwardly cut.Then, for the main course, I ordered a pasta dish called the Voodoo Penne that had a cream sauce and a cajun chicken that was a tasty departure from the appetizer and even had a little kick to it. The wine list was impressive and they offered a few different wine flights. And my favorite aspect here was the decor: very chill, conducive to conversation, and stylish.
5	if you don't love this place i don't want to know you... seriously. happy hour has half off glasses of wine, $1 off beers, $5 specialty martinis (the espresso martini is a good post-work pick me up) and half off apps. try these on your first visit: caprese (tomatoes, basil mozerella and mix of olive oil and balsamic vinegar), the shrimp that comes in the most deilcious sauce you have ever tasted- you only get 5 scrimps, but after you've gobbled em up, use the complimentary bread for dipping, the artichoke.for dinner: i love the tortellini brigantino, cheese filled torts in a white cream sauce. the voodoo penne is prob one of their most popular and pretty good. polo polo is cheese filled torts in both red and white sauce. if you can spring the bucks, get Luca's Meatballs - so damn a good i can't stand it ($15).for lunch: i've never had their sandwiches but they sound good. the salads are amazing, like the SoCal Love (it sounds lame i hate saying the words to order it, but it's yummy with avocado and almonds and chicken if you want).the crowd: all ages, ASU profs side by side with intellectual hipster artist types. no sorority sisters or frat guys here, although it's on the mill strip (thankfully). the staff is all super nice, their all pierced or tattooed and obviously free to show that, so this upscale restaurant gets a bit of an edge, which is nice to see.i rarely come if it's not happy hour, cause it can get pricey, but the food and atmosphere is dang good. there is live music on weekends and HH is only in the small, quick to get packed bar area.
4	very cool atmosphere.ate at the bar cuz the wait was too long.  had the bruschetta, which was awesome.  the gnochi was undercooked but the sauce and accompaniment of mushrooms was great.service was great.
4	Food was decent, but you really come there for the scene.  We went here for dinner and sat at the bar, before dinner.   These hot, hot chicks were scandilly clad and sitting around the bar area.  Nice sights while you're getting a little buzz.We sat outside on the patio and the food was decent.  I tried the Caprese for an appetizer and had the tortellini with vegetables for the main course.  As I said, it was decent, but not great.  I'd probably give 3 stars for the food, but 5 for the eye candy, so overall, its a 4 star locale that I'd return to, even if not to eat.
3	Caffe Boa is a hidden gem on Mill Avenue, for both eating, drinking and relaxing with friends. It's a little bit on the pricey side though, so take advantage of the happy hour and half-priced sangria Sundays.It used to be a tiny, homey little cafe next to Long Wong's at 7th Street and Mill and has since been converted into a spacious, classy winery and Italian bistro at 4th Street and Mill.Happy hour specials are only extended to the bar area, which is tiny in comparison to the rest of the area. There's the traditional happy hour from 5 to 7, and a reverse happy hour that begins after 10 pm. (Check which days this is available though, because I'm not sure it's daily.) Draft beers like Guiness and Harp are two bucks, wine by the glass is half off (3 to 6 bucks after the discount), as are their fancy pants cocktails (generally 5 bucks)--the espresso martini is decadent--and all appetizers aside from the huge cheese plate are half priced. One wonky thing about the tab for happy hour is that they take the discount off at the end, so just keep a running tab in your head of how much you owe if you're with a group to make things go a little smoother.I'm in lust with the Shrimp Adriatico, which is an appetizer that has five big tiger shrimp swimming in garlic tomato sauce that's served with a loaf of bread for dipping. It's filling enough to serve as an entire meal, or to share among friends.On Sundays, pitchers of sangria are half priced ($15 instead of $30) and are a refreshing way to relax with a group of friends in the afternoon. I prefer the white wine over the red because it compliments the freshly sliced apples and muddled citrus. Make sure to ask them to go easy on the cinnamon though, or you may end up with an overpowering flavor and chalky texture.Dinner is always divine as well, but a little bit on the pricey side. The meals are huge though, so you're pretty much guaranteed leftovers or you can split an entre with another person for an extra 3 buck charge. The Voodoo Penne is a delicious Cajun flavored dish, Lucas' Meatballs are savory and filling, and the Pola Pola is some awesome artichoke ravioli. Everything is done well and I rarely encounter problems with the servers or bartenders.It's a nice, mellow break from the hubbub of Mill Avenue.***UPDATE***I've been a little peeved lately at the happy hour, since it's only extended to the bar and the bar is so damn tiny. Now I understand that if I don't get there around 5 I have no chance of getting a seat. That's fine. But the damn Chase employees get there around 4:30 (before Happy Hour even starts, where's the logic in that?) and hog all the damn seats, leaving me with nothing but shattered hope and an empty glass. You better shape up, Caffe Boa, or I'm docking a star!***UPDATE***You've been docked a star Boa. You went and increased the prices of your entrees by three bucks at the very least. Fuck you and your scrumtious, mouth watering 19 dollar spaghetti and meatballs. They're fucking meatballs, Boa! Plus your half price on glasses of wine less than 10 bucks is a pretty useless deal now. Jeezy creezy.This isn't goodbye though. I'll still chill with you on Sundays for the sangria, but I shall never indulge in the pola pola, voodoo penne or your shitty Willow Bakery bread again. Bastards.
3	A nice Italian restaurant - it's one of those places you take parents to or a blind date that you know nothing about.  The food will appeal to a wide variety of people.  It's nicely decorated on the inside - fancier than Olive Garden.  I've always liked the food here.  I love the bruschetta and the crab ravioli with lemon cream sauce.  The dishes are pretty rich and hearty.  This place can be romantic and good for groups at the same time.
5	my new favorite happy hour place! The only downside is that the bar area is small and chairs are limited, so you've got to come early and snag a spot before they're gone. It really is worth rushing over....half price drinks (black and tan for like $2!) wine, and authentic italian dishes for appetizers. They certainly do not skip on portions. The bruchetta, the caprese, and the shrimp adriatico (which I've seen mentioned in other reviews and am not surprised - it's heaven on a plate)....omg deliciousness. Two people, three appetizers, yummy bread with dipping oil, four drinks, all for under $30 plus tip. Amazing! I love it!
4	I enjoyed Caffe Boa.  Really, I did.  I just think it has an identity crisis going on.  Is this Mill or is this Scottsdale?  Why does an Italian restaurant only have one pinot grigio and why is it from Argentina?  Who living next to ASU, other than professors, can pay $100 per person for a special dinner event? (And even if you could, why here?) What's with the hipster bartenders in the Italian wine bar?All that being said the food was delicious and the atmosphere was great.  We went for happy hour before heading off to a friend's party and followed Erica's advice.  Sit at the bar, get there by 4:30.  Done and done.  (Btw, their happy hour now runs from 4-7)  The tap beers are $2 (and we're talking Guinness, Harp, Stella...), and half off apps (except for the cheese plate) and glasses of wine under $10 ( of course the one wine I wanted was $10.25.  Grrrr.)  The bartenders are really serious about making good drinks, I started with a watermelon martini and watched the bartender muddle the watermelon.  It was fantastic.  They had a ton of fresh fruit to muddle with behind the bar.  The only part of the night I didn't enjoy drink-wise was when one of the bartenders poured me half of a glass of champagne.  Also on Erica's recommendation we ordered the shrimp and the antipasto, both were fantastic.  But I couldn't believe there was literally only two slices of each meat, cheese, and veggie, it definitely would not have been worth it for full price.  But the olives, prosciutto and salami were all great.  My husband is not usually a prosciutto fan (whereas I could eat a pound of it in 10 minutes if you let me) but he liked theirs because it was well cured and sliced thick.  After our 2 apps, 2 glasses of wine, 3 martinis, 2 black and tans, and a glass of champagne we were ready to head out.  What was the charge for this feast? $46.  Yes, indeed, I will definitely be at this happy hour again.  Or on a Sunday when pitchers of sangria are half off - only $15 instead of $30.Update:I have come to the conclusion that Caffe Boa has the best happy hour ever.  It is a grad student's dream come true.  Amazing drink and app specials in place where your feet don't stick to the floor?  Yes please.  All of my visits here have ended with me laughing at the final bill.  4 glasses of cava for $14?   I do not think I would ever come here outside of happy hour though.  None of the appetizers are large enough to warrant their full price and that doesn't bode well for the entrees.Oh and I'm happy to report that they now have a pinot grigio from Italy.  Its quite good. :)
4	I like Caffe Boa. It just suprises me that such a place exists on Mill Avenue.  The inside is really nice with dim lights that give it a slightly romantic yet swanky atmosphere.  I don't like how the bar area is kinda small, so especially if you are going for happy hour, go early!  Service at the bar is really good, and the bartenders are very nice.My husband and I checked out dinner one Saturday night when we wanted to stay close to home, but have a good dinner at a nice establishment. Caffe Boa definitely provided that. I had the Tortellini Brigantino (tricolor cheese tortellini) and my husband had the Voodoo Pasta (he substituted the chicken for shrimp)...we both loved our dinners. I really liked how the portions were the perfect size-not too small, not too big. I really hate places that have huge portions where you know you are not even going to eat like 1/4 of what is on your plate (ahem, Cheesecake Factory). Our two entrees, 3 glasses of wine, and 1 beer plus tip came to around $75. Not bad at all!  Our waiter was extremely nice and while, the restaurant was loud especially since there was live music outside, conversation was not impossible.I checked out Caffe Boa's happy hour last night after hearing good things about it.  Anytime you can go someplace for happy hour and leave with a $16 bill after ordering three glasses of wine and a bruchetta appetizer, you know it's a good place.  I know I will definitely be back for many more happy hours there!
1	Total ripoff!.  I ordered an iced tea, a salad, and a filet mignon and my total bill was almost $55!  To add insult to injury, I was still starving when I left.  The salad was beyond bland and consisted of about a dozen small lettuce leaves with a couple of strings of purple cabbage that were completely under-dressed resulting in overpriced cow feed.  The filet cost $32 and came with nothing but 3 miniature beets (and I mean about the size of a radish) and 2 small lettuce leaves.  The meat was completely under-seasoned and bland as you could get.  So that's it.  For about $40 I got a minuscule piece of meat on a paper thin slice of bread, 3 radish sized beets and a few lettuce leaves.  I wanted to hit  In and Out Burger afterwards to kill my hunger pangs.  What a weak meal!  I'll will never go back to this establishment again.  Granted it has good ambiance and stylish decor, but that only makes it a restaurant of style over substance.   I know these guys have major overhead to pay for in their new location, but ripping off your customers is not the way to do it!
2	Perhaps it's Superbowl weekend that made Boa seem sub par, or maybe it was the fact that you can only get happy hour prices at the bar, or even the way the bartender was more concerned about setting the Tivo to record some T.V. show, instead of serving us our last happy hour drink, I just don't know. Either way I am not impressed at all with Cafe Boa. For one, the entire restaurant  was reserved until 9:30pm, Ok, so let's sit outside you say. Ahhh but low and behold you cannot get happy hour prices outside. Would this be so bad if the bar wasn't 10 ft by 10ft....probably not. So the happy hour "area" is small but luckily we were able to find a seat at the bar. Now the prices are good, and they offer a decent amount of drink specials on everything from wine to beer, to martinis, however the food is limited. I though the Pinot Noir I ordered (half off) was very dry for a Pinot. The food specials and sausage dish served in a marinara sauce was ok, the sauce was interesting with capers and black olives. It did give me some new ideas to experiment with, when I make my sauce.  Unfortunately the sausage was dry like the Pinot. (good pairing) My date ordered a cappretta salad, which was several tomatoes and some mozzarella and this cool soft cheese. Or "badass" as our bartender described it. LOL!  That was very good, but it was an extremely small portion.  Overall the service was decent. I heard the energetic, charismatic bartender, drop several F bombs, and the staff seemed somewhat "wired" like someone left a big basket of easter candy in the back, and they all got into it. Sugar rushes aside, overall the final bill tallied up to 30$ (without tip) for 4 glasses of wine, and 2 apps. Not bad you say? Since we missed one happy hour drink, the bartender was cool enough to leave one of our drinks off the tab, to balance it out. As he said "It was both our faults we missed that deadline" with a smile. I jokingly replied, "actually I just blame you." I was kidding, but also somewhat serious as he spent about 10 minutes trying to figure out the Tivo settings. Um, who has TIvo in a bar anyway?
2	Caffe Boa is about as exciting as bulk trash pickup day.The service is so bad it makes the Terminal 4 baggage claim at Sky Harbor look like its staffed by nothing but Jackie Chan clones.  Thats means Boa is slooooooow, folks.I'm befuddled by the mystery of their menu, trying to discern if what beautiful items I appeared to order are actually what's in front of me.  Ogerp Pasta?  Oh, yeah, i get it.  Its Prego cleverly spelled backwards.  Next on the list Etnom Led Asparagus (apparently, some region in Tuscany).People are always up on their shit about their happy hour, which I makes my eyes roll right out of my head, because:1)  Their bar is about as big as a Subaru Vivio.2)  Their specials ONLY apply when sitting in the Vivio.3)  There are certainly no helpful chauffeurs.  Fortunately for me, its pretty far out of the way, which makes it almost certain that I can have some excuse for not driving all the way to Tempe to be spared to death.
3	More like Caffe Beware! Beware the Rules & Regulations of Happy Hour. Beware the trident time the happy hour deals are over. If anyone were punctual, it'd be Caffe Boa. They put the punch in punctual. Nevermind our bartender was trying to configure the TV - his attention rapt on the screen and not our beckoning eyes or nonchalant head nods. He had Tivo. We had two empty wine glasses and a ticking clock. Strict Caffe Boa says if you want happy hour prices, you have to sit in the designated bar (happy) area. Luckily we found 2 seats. They were two awkward seats - hard to partake of appetizers served on huge dishes. We literally sat at the corner of the bar. With some finessing, we got our dishes in reach, along with our glasses. Over all, a great deal, IF (and only if) you abide by the Rules & Regulations of Caffe Boa. I'll take 1/2 off a $10 or under glass of wine any day.
5	Like rapper Ice-T says "Don't hate the playa, hate the game."Well that eloquence pretty much sums up my feeling on Caffe Boa and their dynamite happy hour deals.It's a great day when you can meet up with friends after work on Mill and load up on delectable appetizers, $2 pints and $3.50 glasses of bubbly cava without dodging frat guy chodes and chodettes.  Five of us gathered here the other day well before their 7 pm HH last call and made a meal out of it.  Final bill?  $12 each.  The appetizers here are delicious and well presented.  I'm a fan Boa's mix of Italian, Slavic and other influences.  It's a well done fusion that you don't find often here in Phoenix.  The Shrimp Adriatico appetizer is my favorite and was the crowd favorite at the table.  The wine tomato garlic reduction it comes in is so addictive and sometimes forces you ask for more bread to nosh on.  We also ordered the caprese platter, bruschetta and salsiccia -- sliced sausage in a zesty red tomato mushroom kalamata ragout.  My five stars are for their happy hour.  As a victim of their own success, making it on time and with a seat at Caffe Boa's happy hour requires some good organization, leaving work early and/or both.  Beyond the happy hour I find hearsay on dinner to be a toss-up, however, I've never done it so I can't say.
5	I dream about the Boa Salad and the Pola Pola-Artichoke Ravioli.  This is one of my favorite Italian restaurants.
4	This place is in a great location...located within the ASU district. Great ambiance, wine and food. It can be a little loud at time inside. If you sit outside in the summer----the myst sprinklers will soak you. All in All.......the voodoo penne pasta dish is to die for if you don't mind adding a few calories!
3	I remember when Cafe Boa was affordable. The agnolotti boa was $12.95, half that for their panini's.. Imagine my shock to learn my favorite dish is now $17.95.. For mushroom filled pasta.. Really? They do have a great wine list but it too is on the high price sides and their tasting are a pretentious $100 cover - get real.My last experience deserves 1 * but I give 2 *s because the food is still great. I went alone and sat at a table for about 15 minutes before I could get eye contact, let alone a glass of water.  My meal and a glass of wine was an outrageous $34 - FOR LUNCH! Don't get me wrong the food is good, but the service generally sucks. I recommend going on Sundays when apps and sangria are half off. There are just too many great, authentic places to go to put up with the price and lack of creativity in their dishes.
2	We popped into Caffe Boa last Friday night for dinner and it was quite disappointing.  We ordered a pitcher of red sangria, two salads to start (a greek type salad & burrata/tomato salad) and we opted to share a ravioli dish.  Our salads came out first, but before we had a chance to taste them, a different waiter brought our pasta out.  It ended up sitting there getting cold while we ate the salad. Meanwhile, we didn't get our sangria for nearly 30 minutes...Everything was mediocre--the salads weren't flavorful and the ravioli was very doughy and blah.While the location is great, and the patio is fantastic for outdoor dining, the food is nothing to write home about.
4	This afternoon, I begged my husband to get me out of Scottsdale.  I, based on there website, checked out The Clarendon Hotel in D-Town (be patient Boa is below) - It was so horrible - that is all I will say.  I felt like I was in a bad John Waters flick - if Sid and Nancy were alive (and traveling) here is the place they would be!  Yikes!  I will say that the front desk guy was very nice and the decor was cool (although they need to repair whatever is going on with there front entrance).  Perhaps, I am just too mainstream.  Sorry Clarendon.  Now on to Boa....So after our d-town debacle, we headed to Tempe - where I had gone some time in the 90's - ok, I am not that OLD!  Be nice!  I told my hubby about this cute little spot called Cafe Boa - so we drove around until we could find it and boom!  There it was - much bigger - and better than ever.  The staff was amazing and I must say the LA girl in me came out and I caught myself thinking wow, what an attractive staff they have (it was also so refreshing to be away from the bleach blonde, fake boobed - Bentley driving people in Scottsdale.  The service was wonderful (especially given that we walked in with a baby and no-one cringed) - in fact, that did the opposite!   The decor was lovely, staff very knowlegable and food amazing!  I had the shrimp app - my hubby had the Kobe burger and our 7 month old had crushed sweet peas (opps!  that wasn't on the menu!) but something tells me they would have made it for us if we had asked!  Best part, I thought the pitcher of Sangria was over priced at 30.00 but when the waiter came over and poured the bottle of wine directly over the ice - I though, hmmmm, maybe this isn't such a bad price and then we got the check and the pitcher was 1/2 off due to Happy Hour and it was a Sunday!  I loved this place and can't wait to go back.
4	great caesar salad, and even though it's $5 to add chicken, the chicken is awesome and they give you five big strips of it. the so cal love salad is awesome, and so is the fettucine bianca. they don't offer sandwiches for dinner and the salad portions aren't any bigger for dinner, either (not that they need to be). i'd go here for lunch from now on because it seems to be a better bargain.
4	Soo expensive when it's not happy hour. But when it is, bring it! I love the wine list and martini choices. Went there a couple Sunday's ago and had some amazing raviolis.  Went there the other day and had a really refreshing pama-mojito drink.
4	Been dining, laughing, wining at Caffe Boa since they were closer to Univ.. but they still hold the same charm (and good food!) as they did 12 years ago! The owners are always a delight and so nice to talk to.. They have an unbelievable happy hour and I like how they've selected their wine list!They've def expanded their menu since moving up North on Mill but I still enjoy their Shrimp Adriatico and Boa salad... they used to have a mango dressing, not sure if they still have it now.. ??Anyway, it's a nice spot to hit up for happy hour if you work in the downtown Tempe area and perfect for a date (you can sit outside) .. I've always had kind service here and the dishes always complement the wines I order~
4	Great dinner destination for a date.  They usually have live music, which can be really good, especially if my group is playing, lol.  They always have a dope wine selection, and their specials are usually top notch.  The vegetarian lasagna is killing and the Pola Pola with the sauces mixed is to die for.  Parking is a complete pain on the weekends.
3	Mom and I both ordered from the lunch menu special of a half-sandwich and salad.  Mom and I enjoyed the chicken salad wrap I chose, and while I enjoyed my bite of her Caprese sandwich, she didn't.  Admittedly, she misread the description of "meaty slice of buffalo mozzarella" as a slice of meat, so the lack thereof was a big letdown for her.  I thought it was quite tasty with the layer of pesto that came with the sandwich.The slow service, coupled with the server's lack of knowledge of the entrees offered, is enough to keep me from coming back.  I much prefer the other, yet unaffiliated, Caffe Boa on Elliot.  Well, alright, maybe I'll give Mill's CB another try... this time with a different server.
4	This review is based on Happy Hour, which is great.  I went with some girlfriends before a book reading, and for 6 of us we had a glass or two of wine each, and some appetizers for under $60.  The appetizers were delish - antipasto, bruschetta, etc.  Maybe I can go back for dinner - but it will have to be a special occassion...that s&#t's expensive!
3	Been coming here since they were a tiny patio cafe next to the hot wings joint on the other end of Mill Ave. I live within biking distance so I'm there a few times a week for happy hour. They have a crowd pleasing menu with easy to love, Italian/Mediterranean dishes.First time coming? Start with the shrimp adriatico. Large prawns in a bright tomato sauce perfect for dipping! At one time, I loved this dish so much I asked if they could make a larger portion with pasta. Didn't work out so well since the sauce is so rich. Better to leave things as the chef envisioned!Pasta dishes lean more toward the white sauces. Try the voodoo penne for something with a bit more edge and spice than the typical lasagna. Bar area staff is consistently attentive, friendly, and overall welcoming. Dining room staff is 50/50 these days. Either really stellar, or really amateur. They claim to have an army of sommeliers.Check out happy hour to sample the fare.
5	Kristin S has always raved about this place as being an amazing happy hour spot, so my husband and I met her, as well as Melissa H and her husband, there for some discounted appetizers and drinks. Since Kristin had mentioned that the bar fills up really quickly during happy hour (which happens everyday from 4 - 7 pm), those of us who could arrive around 4:30 did. It didn't end up being that crowded after all, but given that the only bar-area seating consists of seats at the smallish bar and a few high tables, I would still recommend arriving as early as you can so that you don't end up missing the great happy hour deals. All of us ended up finding a drink deal that fit our mood at the moment: Melissa and her husband got some draft beer for only $2, Kristin took advantage of the wine specials (50% of wine by the glass), and my husband and I each sampled two signature cocktails that were discounted from $12 to $8. The Prosciutto e Melone and XXX martinis were good but not spectacular, but we both thought that the Anastasia (vodka, basil, and muddled strawberries) and the Blueberry Lemon Drop (with fresh blueberries) were distinctive and delicious. Next time, we'll probably have wine and beer, though, so we can really experience how cheap Caffe Boa's happy hour can be!In terms of food, the following appetizers are 50% off during happy hour: bruschetta, antipasto platter, Shrimp Adriatico, and Capriatta (essentially a Caprese salad). Since all of these appetizers (except for the antipasto platter, which is normally $15) are usually $6 - $10, you can truly eat well for cheap! We tried all of these four apps except for the Capriatta. I especially enjoyed the Shrimp Adriatico's spicy and savory tomato-based sauce (excellent to dip bread in!) and the antipasto platter was presented well and featured some high-quality meats, cheeses, and vegetables. As everyone has already said, Caffe Boa's happy hour offers discounted and good drinks and appetizers in an non-Mill Avenue environment. I doubt I'll return for dinner, but I will definitely stop by the bar area between 4 and 7 at some point soon!
5	Uh, yeah- I go here all of the time for Happy Hour because I work on Mill Ave.  I have been here twice this week for HH actually. Pretty much the best HH in town as far as I am concerned.  Fridays tend to get a bit crowded, but any other day of the week I would highly suggest! $2 Drafts including Guinness, Stella and Mothership Wit to name a few, $4 off their Specialty Drinks and 1/2 off most of their delectable appetizers.My Favs: Shrimp Adriatico and the Capriatta.  To drink: Anastasia Martini or see if they'll make you a Lotus Martini which isn't listed on the menu anymore.The bartenders are super friendly and remember you which is a plus!
2	Remember when Caffe Boa was right on Mill, next to Red Lantern and Long Wong's? Remember when they were doing inventive, handmade pastas with fresh sauces and always had great specials? Remember the variety of flavors and the attention to detail? REMEMBER THE AGNOLOTTI?? There was nothing like it in Tempe at the time.Yeah, it ain't that anymore. Every red sauce tastes like Ketchup and melted margarine. Every food object tastes like Sysco. I swear there are still ice crystals in the shrimp. It's now a place for college kids to play grown-up date night, and former fans to hang their heads in sadness. I guess it serves its purpose as more of a college bar/practice restaurant. And its crowd is pleased with its easily-digested mediocrity. But I still lament the passing of the original, inspired Boa.RIP Boa.
4	Happy Hour Spot! As long as you can get a chair, the drink specials are wonderful. $2 draft beers, not your normal Mill Ave selection. 1/2 Signature Martinis and 1/2 most of the appetizers! Some where between the Shrimp appetizer and the 3 drafts my bill was only $12. Wow, was not excepting that.
3	Update: A shocking thing happened to me recently. My mom and I were hanging out, trying to decide where to grab dinner. She suggested Caffe Boa - and I wrinkled my nose and made a scrunchy face. It was shocking to me. How had my love of this place turned so sour? Oh, right - HH is not nearly as cheap as it used to be. They changed almost all my favorite apps (either got rid of them completely or added stuff to them and then made them more expensive - why? They were great how they were!) and added $3-5 to my fave entrees (Luca's Meatballs, which were a splurge at $15, are now $19?!?! Eff.) Less expensive wine by the glass options have dwindled - though the wine menu (physically) grew to the size of a heavy, awkward and cumbersome nuisance on your table. Speaking of nuisances, I think they did get rid of that giant wooden chessboard block that comes with a wine flight - thank god. What was once a hh staple for my 9-5 friends has barely become a blip. What happened?!
2	Excellent food, but terrible service.
2	I miss the old boa. The new location is not the same. I remember when the old hole in the wall place which only had like 10 tables served some amazing pasta. It was a great date location, but I liked the food so much I remember going there with a another dude. Because we loved the food that much; and yes we looked incredibly odd, two dudes who were obviously not gay in a sea of couples, but it was worth it then. Today the place stinks.......
5	mmm mmm mmm mmm!Came for my birthday lunch with my parents because it was close to the train and the only place that was decently upscale in Tempe. The restaurant was not very busy before the Insight Bowl, I'm assuming everyone was tailgaiting, so we didn't need the reservation we had made. We chose an inside table and the inside of the restaurant is reallly nice. Reminds me of being in one of the old homes in downtown restaurants. Our waitress was incredibly nice, and went almost over the top to make sure we were taken care of. We were her only table, but most of the time when people aren't busy, that brings out their worst. She knew the menu extremely well, and was able to recommend wines to go with our lunch without looking at the menu, which shows either she was trained, or really likes her job and took the time to learn the list. My Osso Bucco was one of the best I have ever had, rivaling that of Cafe La Bella, which is no longer open. It was served with a creamy polenta and a great burgundy wine sauce. I'd go back just for that dish alone. The other plates at the table were a meatball panini which was well liked, and the Pola Pola which was a duo of raviolis. The dishes were all tasty, and well presented. We wished we had ordered a first course though, as the portions were incredibly, incredibly small. They are serving small farm and organic products, so obviously their food cost is a bit higher. To serve Cheesecake Factory size portions, they would have to charge $50 for lunch. This restaurant would probably do exceptionally well downtown, with its historic, homey charm and the organic healthy menu options. Hopefully the owners will try it, and I'll not have to travel to come back here, which may happen a lot.
5	Caffe Boa is a little gem nestled right in of the heart of Tempe on Mill Ave.  I have been going to Caffe Boa since it was in it's original little hole-in-the-wall spot and although the atmosphere is not quite as cozy as it once was, I realize that the move to new, more spacious digs was a necessary evolution of this yummy spot.  The ambiance is diverse with patio, bar or indoor table seating.Caffe Boa is a bit pricey, but the food and spirits never disappoint.  The separate bar area takes on a life of it's own with it's very animated and cordial staff.  The signature cocktails like the Anastasia, which is a hand-muddled strawberry vodka martini with fresh basil leaves garnishing the top, the blueberry lemon drop, or the fresh red or white sangria are among my favorites.  The wine list is constantly changing with new and exciting additions from around the world and the staff is very knowledgeable on the subtleties of all of the different wines and pairings.  They also offer many unique wine flights for a dabbling into their extensive wine list.The modestly apportioned appetizers, entrees and desserts are quite delectable and cater to vegetarian and carne lovers alike.  Most of the ingredients and organic produce is obtained from local farmers here in the valley, including their olive oil.  The chicken caesar salad and the bruschetta seems to please all Boa goers.  A few pasta favorites of mine are the agnolotti boa, the pola pola and the butternut squash ravioli.  And for dessert.......I highly recommend the pyramid, chocolate, nuts and hazelnut, yumm. My friends and family go to Caffe Boa for many occasions, whether we go just for drinks, or for birthday dinners or just to show out-of-towners a good time, it is always an enjoyable experience.  This little spot comes highly recommended, and if you are trying to impress a date......you can rest assure that you will get brownie points for this one:)
5	This was my favorite classy restaurant in Tempe when I went to ASU. I didn't like the old location at all, it was too small. The new location is way, way better. I especially like it in the back, it's nice and private.The shrimp adriatico is delicious. I always got the meat lasagna and it is so good. I miss it :( The sangria is good too.When they have live music it gets insanely loud inside, so try to sit outside if they do.
5	This is one of my favorite places on Mill. The food is always good although they have changed the menu a bit.  Their apps are fantastic, especially their cheese and meat platters with a great glass of wine-which they have plenty of and knowledgeable staff to guide you through the process of choosing what you want.  Sunday's are 1/2 pitchers of Sangria which is great on a sunny day! Happy hours are always crowded but totally worth it! 1/2 off their martini's, select wines and beer! It's the best!
4	Caffe Boa is hands down the best restaurant on Mill Ave. While I am reserving the 5-star as good as it gets rating, Boa is worth a visit by any Valley foody. I've been here several times for business meetings and date nights with my girlfriend and have never been disappointed. Service has been meager to great, but this place is defined by the food. While every dish is worth a try, I would recommend their Caesar salad and any pasta dish that utilizes the Cape Cod sauce. Both are epic.
5	I love love love Caffe Boa! It is one of my favorite restaurants. My husband and I love to go there on a warm Sunday afternoon and enjoy one of there many yummy paninis or salads. The socal love salad is my fav!!! And not because I am from Socal :) Somehow all of there food is fantastic. Even their pastas...and Kobe beef burger. We pick Sundays to go because of the half priced Sangria pitchers. They are sooo yummy. Red or white...they are both good. Sitting outside you feel like you are at some fancy resort. The service is great. The wait staff is always friendly and fun. Cute too :) When we have friends and family come from out of town we always take them there. After lunch you can go walk around the always busy Mill Ave or go rent a paddle boat until your buzz wears off from the sangria :) It's a great restaurant and a fun atmosphere.
4	This is one of the better restaurants in downtown Tempe.  I came with a rather large party for lunch on Valentine's Day afternoon.  We were seated promptly because it wasn't very busy.I ordered the 1/2 panini and 1/2 salad lunch special.  I got the butter cup lettuce salad and the meatball panini.  Both were excellent and I would order them again.  The portion size was good and the value for the money was also very good.  The rest of my party ordered the beefsteak tomato panini which also looked very tasty.This was about the 6th or so time I have eaten at Cafe Boa.  Every time the food and service is excellent.  Their drink specials are excellent though I don't take advantage of them as often as I should living so close by.  I would also highly recommend their sangria; it is fresh and delicious!The only bad part about going here (or any other place on Mill for that matter) is the horrible parking situation.  If you are lucky enough to find a spot close by, you have to run out and feed the meter ever so often.  However, if you are not so lucky to find a metered spot; you have to drive around to find a lot or garage that they will gouge you for the privilege of parking there.
2	OK, I'll admit that this place is too upscale to be in my wheelhouse.  So snooty fine diners can ignore this review and go back to your $100 bottles of wine and your pasta in a spinach and black truffle reduction sauce. The rest of you, pay attention.We had headed to Tempe for the day thanks to the power of the light rail.  After a few hours of walking up and down Mill, the gf decided she needed a 'snack' before schlepping back to PHX.  We both felt like wine so we happened into Caffe Boa.  In the history of bad ideas this doesn't rate very high, but its still the equivalent of a kick to the crotch.The biggest complaint was that our service was awful. And not just 'We're not being paid enough attention' awful, but 'Why are you making us feel like we don't belong here?' awful.  We weren't dressed any more poorly than most of the people here. We're young and good looking enough not to be treated with disdain anyway.And did I say the biggest complaint was the service?  I should take that back, since our 'snack' set us back $50.  For a bottle of wine and a shared appetizer (both of which were pretty good, I will admit.)So I guess I could try the Boa again and get a different experience, but it really felt like it went beyond just a bad waiter thing. But hey, if uptight and snooty is your thing, who am I to throw stones (even though I just kinda did).
2	I've ate at Caffe Boa quite a few times and have always enjoyed it (in fact, yesterday's visit was premeditated) but lunch was an experience like no other. My friend and I stopped there for lunch yesterday while we were strolling down Mill doing a little shopping. We both started with a cocktail as we always do. She had the Anastasia (which she has enjoyed there before) and I ordered the Dark Mandarina. The drinks took forever to come out. At one point we thought our lunches would come out first and I hate it when that happens. At the bottom of both of our glasses were piles of undissolved sugar and my drink, while it tasted OK, but the most unappetizing color. And to add insult to injury, my drink was supposed to be flaming. The waitress tells me my drink was flamed earlier at the bar, "so don't worry". What? Where are my flames? I want my show! You mean it had already peaked? For lunch we each ordered their lunch combos. I ordered the buttercup lettuce salad and the butternut squash ravioli and my friend ordered the buttercup lettuce salad and the mixed Italian meats panini. Now, I'm not a very big eater (you wouldn't believe it looking at me, but it's generally true) but even I thought I didn't have enough lunch on my plate. On my plate was a half order of salad and three ravioli. Count 'em folks. Three! And they weren't large ravioli, they were three normal sized ravioli and to top it off, my toddler snatched one off my plate right when they set it down on the table so I was immediately down to two. They tasted good, as did the brown butter and toasted hazelnuts but I couldn't get over that I only got three. Three! My friend said her sandwich was average but even though she had the same salad as I did and mine was on the bland side, hers was overly salty. We've ordered this salad before and the lemon vinaigrette has always been plate-licking good. What's going on here? Where's the old bartender? Where's the salad dressing maker? Where's the ravioli counter? I miss them all and want them back! Oh, I feel all the old abandonment issues bubbling up to the surface again.
4	good food, good service, and the best happy hour, altough it is packed.Great wine selections and a very knowledgable staff
5	I can not believe that I've lived in Tempe for 5 years and I've just visited Caffe Boa recently. I loved it. It was a chilly night and I decided to sit inside. Our waiter was extremely attentive and gave us an enthusiastic schpiel about the natural ingredients,  scratch cooking etc.; and then he moved onto the wine. There were three different bottles being featured on this particular Tuesday evening and I was completely enamoured with our choice and found it to be a lovely addition to the meal and not overly priced. [Kuddos to the waiter here: we wanted our white chilled more than cellar temp and he was very accommodating: brought a chiller and asked waited until we felt it was chilled enough to pour.]  We split an arugula salad to start - fresh, peppery greens with a light dressing and a shaving of parmesan and some lemon. It was a generous portion for a share and delicious. I had ravioli which was light, flavorful and delicious. My date had osso buco and we both thought the dishes were lick-the-plate delish. We had been assured by our waiter that the tiramissou had gotten raves and so we decided to share it. We were both completely disappointed. There was too much cocoa on the top, rendering it chalky and dry and not enough real substantial flavor. To management's credit, the manager came out and asked why and what we didn't like, apologized and removed it from the bill. Two points. I still give it 5 based on the quality of the ingredients, the taste of the food and the service. I'll keep looking for reasons to go back.
3	What do you give a restaurant with amazing food and terrible service? I guess 3 stars? I think I have to go with 2...Such a bummer! I was so very excited for my dinner at Caffe Boa! It was one of those things where I had looked at the menu, read the reviews and already knew what I wanted to order before even getting to the restaurant. I went on a Sunday evening to celebrate a girlfriends wedding along with 3 other ladies. We arrived at 6 (the time of our reservation) and had to wait for a table to clear (about 20 minutes). The friend who had arranged the dinner brought a cake for us to enjoy afterward. She kindly asked the hostess if she could put it in the back to keep cool and she said it would be a $25 charge! WOW! $25 to put a cake in your fridge...? Our server?  ADORABLE!!  We thought we were in for a fun evening with a cute and also attentive waiter...nope.We sat down and it was an additional 10 minutes until our server greeted us and filled the waters. After 2 more visits and clearly being flustered, he finally took our drink orders (time is now about 6:45). Another 10 minutes later, our drinks came out one at a time which meant that we never really did a proper 'cheers.' Our meals were amazing. We started with bread that did not excite me at all but we also had the option of olive oil, hummus and several stuffed olives to enjoy. Unfortunately our meals arrived just then so I opted to enjoy my meal while hot instead of snacking on bread. I ordered the scallops and they were perfect-seared to perfection and served with absolutely amazing spinach, blood oranges and jalapenos!  The other ladies seemed pleased with their meals but sadly the poor service was taking it's toll.  We had to wait at least 20 minutes to get our check and  were never offered desserts (we went to MOJO for fro-yo instead).I loved my meal but wouldn't go back due to the very poor service
4	I only go here for lunch bc it is reasonably priced.I think their sandwiches are great! and I love the artisan bread w olive oil. I have never had bad service, it can be a bit slow but never bad. this is just a delicious, not ordinary bread and cold cuts sandwich, for around $9. not bad!
2	I was excited to visit Caffe Boa as friends of mine who work in Tempe eat there occasionally and told me how delicious the food was, but all in all, our experience left us all dissatisfied.I was impressed with the happy hour, but we were unable to sit in the tiny (I mean tiiiny) bar area. We happily sat in the dining area instead, and by the time we were seated (which took longer than necessary) I was absolutely starving and looking forward to the wonderful meal that was promised. My pasta dish was just ok, and honestly, service was awful-and I worked in the industry while in school. It takes A LOT for me to be dissatisfied with a server as I understand how demanding a job in the restaurant industry can be-but this was just slow and dissapointing. Our server was obviously flustered, and didn't even bother to make eye contact with any of us sitting at the table. The over-all feeling we were left with was rush-rush-rushed. Drink refills took forever, as did getting our check at the end of dinner.We left Boa and my friends (the same who went on and on about how good this restaurant was) were just baffled. They were even more let down than I, and I doubt ANY of us will go rushing back for a mediocre, pricey dinner where the server treats you like you're just one more damn thing they have to do. Since business and friends bring me to this area of town quite often, I look forward to trying out other eateries on Mill before ever retreating back to this let down.
4	Caffe Boa is not what I'd call an affordable night out on the town. That might explain why after work on a Thursday it was nowhere near capacity. But, I'd also have to state that Caffe Boa's business model lends itself well to catering to more of a white collar clientele.With the exception of the cheese board, our experience here was exclusively centered on cocktails. I started out with the Maple Leaf, an enchanting mixture of bouron and whipped maple syrup, followed by the Petal Pusher and capped it off with a gin martini (no olive, of course, because they take up so much room in such a small glass). The damage: $35.13. So, a bit steep. But, their cocktails aren't some genaric concoction any home-bartender could muddle out. These were classic, signature cocktails, skillfully combined by practiced mixologists.Ultimately, I'd have to confess that Caffe Boa is a jewel. Admittedly, the bar area (which is where the happy hour specials begin and end) is limited, so you have to get there early to take advantage of the special pricing.
4	Caffe Boa's summer menu is out of this world. The maple gazed steak with eggplant was amazing. I devoured it. My boyfriend got the spicy scallops and again, sooooo goooood! I can't wait to go back and try the squash blossoms and other tasty seasonal dishes. Great service, ambiance and food One of the best restaurants on mill.
2	Caffe Boa used to have the best happy hour on Mill. Looks like they decided to fall into rank and increase some prices over 50%. Might be small peanuts to the bottom line, but I know that our corporate support/location for our own events will now be relocated. Doesn't help they were out of Mussels too...
5	Our office is on Mill Ave, and we eat here often. Bread, Olives and hummus are served to start, and their menu changes frequently. All of their pastas are homeade. They have an excellent lunch special running which features either a half salad and sandwhich for $9.95 or a half salad/pasta for $11.95. Their bread is freshly made daily.You should definately try the buttercup salad which comes with chicken and avocado. My favorite pastas are the Cape Cod Ravioli or the Butternut Squash ravioli. I haven't had a dish that I don't like yet. The Cape Cod is has a cranberry cream sauce and a seafood filling. The Butternut Squash is heavenly with toasted nuts.
4	Truly you never want to follow David B. on a review, what could there be left to say...the man is just too complete. So, did I have the same experience or know nearly as much as David...um no, I could sum up my experience as food good, pretty place, and all grownups in attendance rather than Tempe college crowd The crowd at the Boa is the point I want to make in this review. This is truly a grown up restaurant with very grown up adult tastes and that I really liked. The food was good, quality was excellent. I had the lunch special of half a panini and salad. It was light, the mozarella amazing, the beefsteak tomatoes truly tasty like a tomato and the bread was fresh. The salad was a little meh.  The overall atmosphere and their attention to their own brand of adult food in a college strip mall will bring me back. Thank you Caffe Boa, we will be back!
1	Cafe Boa appears to be an institution headed for disaster.  I have worked nearly across the street from the "new" Cafe Boa on Mill Ave. for over 5 years.  I have been for lunch, happy hour and dinner MANY times.  For years while I was never a big fan of the lunch menu and the happy-hour-only-in-the-bar-area was a nuisance, I still frequented the place often and always enjoyed the atmosphere, the food (for the most part) and the staff - notice I did not say the service.  These are two very different things...My horrific experience at the restaurant and the one that has caused me to writie this one-star review was over dinner on a Monday night a few weeks ago.  My party purposefully selected the restaurant that night to check out their 1/2 off bottles of wine promotion.  We understood from the extremely fine print on the table tent that the promotion required the purchase of two entrees to qualify.  Not a problem; at least not until we got our food and the halibut I ordered was like a hair-covered mystery.  No sauce, just terrible.  We informed our waiter (whose service was particually BAD on this occassion) and he removed the fish from our bill, as by that point I was not interested in ordering something else as was offered.  Tragedy seemed to be avoided until we recieved the bill.  All in all we ordered three bottles of wine (for 4!).  The bill came and only one of the bottles was 1/2 off.  Clearly NOT our expectation.  We inquired about this issue and were informed that because I rejeccted my fish we did not qualfiy for enough entress for the special to be offered on ONE of the two bottles in question.  ONE?  Why only one?  Welll....that would be because the fine print that was not visible (as in NOT PRINTED AT ALL) and that was also not communicated to us was that it is ONE bottle at the 1/2 special per every two entrees.  Rediculous!  You would think our waiter, horrible or not, would have clarified this when we ordered the 3rd bottle, right?  Rather than make a total scene in front of our guests, we asked for the manager's contact information and spoke to him the next day.  We explained our plight, assuming he would SURELY appreciate us bringing this to his attention to avoid such confusion in the future and so as not to lose us as customers.  Wrong.  He simply said there was nothing "more" he could do.  More?  What did he do in the first place?To bring an end to this sad story, I had happy hour with a friend a few weeks later at Mill Ave.'s newest hip, reasonably-priced, cafe with fantastic atmosphere - La Bocca.  When updating one another about recent social occassions she told me she and her boyfriend had gone to Cafe Boa earlier in the week and also gotten tricked by the one bottle 1/2 off wine special.  So sad; I went out of my way to make sure they knew how damaging something like their failure to make the "rules" of the promotion perfectly clear are to a long-standing customer and they chose to do nothing about it.We'll see how long they last...In the meantime, I'll see you at La Bocca!
5	This place is a hidden treasure..... everything was great from the presentation to how nice the staff is that works there. The food is amazing!!! I highly recommend the salad with polenta croutons... OMG best salad I've ever had.... and the veal wow was done to perfection!I love how they give you a great selection of bread while you wait for your meal with hummus, olives and dipping oil. The food is spectalcular and the price is def right. Well done.... One of my new fave places. Cheers ~S
5	So I guess they have now revised their menu with a few new items!  They have now made it a little bit more difficult for the old loyal Boa-goer to discern the old favorites on the menu now that they have done away with the titles of their dishes, thereby forcing one to read the menu thoroughly:)  Although I still am a die hard fan of their classic dishes, I am intrigued with several of the new menu items!  Also, just so you all know Happy hour at Boa includes fabulous deals on their appetizers including the Mussels served in a succulent garlic cream sauce!  Also there are great happy hour deals on wine by the glass.  And don't forget.....Sangria Sundays!  Pitchers of sangria with fruit cut fresh to order is half price on Sundays....both red and white, and both are to-die-for!
4	I've been here twice and I've enjoyed it both times!Okay, honestly, I've been here twice but both were for its happy hour, which is decent. I wouldn't be able to tell you the exact prices of their happy hour menu, but I can tell you there have a good assortment of beers, wines, and mixed drinks. What I REALLY like about this place is it's laid back but classy feel. It's a good place to go with coworkers, your boss, and your best friends. Their appetizers are pretty good, with a couple of solid veggie choices. The boyfriend swears by their mussels. Apparently it's some sort of amazing =]
5	I have visited Cafe Boa 2 or 3 more times since my last review and all I can say is this place has the BEST skirt steak I have ever tasted!  I have tried to replicate it at home and just can't do it.
4	Incredibly expensive when it's not happy hour.However, I had a wonderful early dinner last night, as part of a meetup at Caffe Boa.First off, walking down mill ave, you would pass this place, and not even know. In a way, I think that's good. Proper foodies and locals populate the place, and the bar is pure class.Taking a look at the happy hour menu, I was at first turned off by 8 dollar beers, 15 dollar pastas,  and 36 dollar halibut, but then I realized something about this restaurant.Everything here is sustainable, organic, or locally harvested. Now, while I think that is a great thing, I think that the prices are a little high, especially for something as simple as pan seared halibut. The price point knocks a star off.However, the food, from what I had, was great.  I got the "Sustainably farmed in Washington Mediterranean varietal mussels steamed with shaved leeks, thin sliced garlic, white wine, shallots, parsley, and a touch of lemon/cream  served with  warm rustic bread", minus the bread (sadly, also helps knock that star off) at an amazing happy hour price of 7 dollars, and I was pleased.The mussels were steamed perfectly, and had a sharp oceanic flavor that cut through the shallot cream sauce, making a perfect blend of both shellfish and sauce. Not once during the entire meal did I feel that any of the flavors overpowered each other. I really did miss out on the bread, I would have loved the bread, because the sauce was that amazing. But I did make sure to scoop up the shallots with my fork.Also, 3 pints of Mothership Wit on Happy Hour prices is a nice thing too. Once I get a new job, I will be making sure to come back down here for more happy hours.
3	I went here recently after a night at Four Peaks Brewery, also in Tempe, and had already downed an 8-beer sampler. Let's just keep that in mind while reading this review, shall we?The interior is stunning, as most wine bars are. Apparently when the owner bought the place, they just started axing at drywall til a miraculous brick came through, and voila! Insta-charm. Also insta-mark-up, unfortunately. But honestly, if I was just paying for pasta here, why else would a plate of risotto with no meat cost 18 bucks? There is no reason. No reason at all.The cocktail menu is pretty impressive, though--why do wine bars always have bartenders who outshine the wine with herby sophisticated concoctions like rosemary-muddled pear ginger cocktail  with prosecco or basil-infused sangria? I guess both of those do include wine, though...Moving on! The place gets fresh bread baked for them daily, and the waiters bring around a selection for you, rather than just dumping a wasteful basket on each table. I liked that little touch. Plus the olive oil-hummus-green olive trio that comes with it is a nice change from just straight EVOO. The heirloom carrot soup with pumpkinseed oil is pretty good, and apparently changes color daily based on what the bulk of the carrots look like. The risotto and fettucini were great, as far as those things go. But ultimately, it's 20 dollar pasta, which the mere idea of kinda turns me off. The place is cute, the staff is nice, and the music selection had some Radiohead and the occasional deviation from jazzy elevator b.s. you get in wine bars all too often. If you're looking to escape the college town vibe without straying too far from ASU, this place is probably pretty great.
4	This was in 2008 - I posted the review below to the wrong Boa location. Oops!The last time I visited Cafe Boa, they were in a tiny location on the other side of Mill, and most of the seating consisted of small tables on an even smaller patio.I visited Cafe Boa with a new friend with the express purpose of chatting and drinking some wine, since wine is usually serves well as a conversational lubricant. As it turns out, no lubrication was necessary, but the wine was sure fine! We ordered the pitcher of red Sangria, which during happy hour is $15.The waiter brought out a giant pitcher already half filled with fanta (!), some liqueur, and sliced apples, oranges, limes, grapes, and frankly who knows what else was lurking in it's depths. Then, he proceeded to open a bottle of wine, pour it in, and mix it up.The end result was superb! Not too sweet as some Sangria can be, not too much liqueur to mask the taste of the wine. It was light, refreshing, tasty, and very buzz inducing. I think I might have said a few times, "Woah I am fucked up." Or maybe I just thought it. Hard to say. I'm a big guy, but kind of a lightweight when it comes to drinking.We ordered the Bruschetta, which was fantastic. The bread was delicious, the tomatoes were fresh and tasty and smelled like tomatoes, always a good sign, and there was plenty of garlic - but after drinking a pitcher of Sangria, who cares about garlic breath, really?We ordered a side of olives as well... They were mediocre. OK, they kind of sucked, but we ate them anyway. The green ones were semi-flavorless. The kalamata were eh. Given their focus on freshly prepared food, I was surprised that they'd serve these olives.The service was decent, the price was reasonable, and the wine was fiiiiine. So is my friend, but I'm reviewing Cafe Boa here, so I'm going to try to stay on topic.From the other reviews, it sounds like the pasta dishes are not what they once were. The bruschetta was awesome. I probably wouldn't come here for dinner, unless dinner consisted of some appetizer menu items and getting liquored up. The cheese plate looked promising... Perhaps next time! As Gen. McArthur said... I will return! Only I'll do it with my thirst, and not a huge naval armada.Speaking of McArthur, here's a logistical note:If you go during the week.... Parking is for crap. All the parking meters are 80 mins max.... Parking is free after 4, but that leaves you a 40 minute gap from when your meter expires until parking is free.
5	Now that I no longer live alone, I try to embrace any me time I can find, therefore eating alone is one of my very favorite things to do. Even though sitting solo makes people look at you like you have 23 heads and/or brings sympathetic half assed smiles, I truly love it. The other day, while walking down Mill (after a very successful interview), I stumbled upon Cafe Boa.. all I can say is fn fyeah!It is a lot "fancier" than I had expected. My goal for the afternoon was to find a delicious salad and a glass of good wine. Not only did I find that here (I had the butter cup lettuce with grilled chicken breast, sliced almonds, avocado, heirloom tomato & sunflower sprouts topped with champagne/lemon vinaigrette), but I also found delicious bread served with hummus, olive oil from Queen Creek, the best Calamata olives I've ever eaten (to start) AND the most delicious Pomegranate iced tea in the whole entire world. Seriously, whatever you choose from the menu, try the Pom Tea, its to die for. The menu has some delicious unique options and their wine list is enormous. There aren't many offered just by the glass so since I am a Cabernet girl, I tried the Girard (Napa Valley, CA 2006).. I was a fan. The service was wonderful, and my waiter was very helpful and informative. Also really really good looking so that was a plus. Everyone in here was smiling, laughing and generally enjoying the whole atmosphere. I would really like to come here after work to split a bottle and try the fresh oysters, heirloom carrot soup and Rosemary ravioli they have available at some point too.. now that its so close to my new office and all. :o)Cafe Boa is extremely inexpensive for the options they have, and is pretty much a hidden gem (literally, its kinda hard to find). I see myself returning again and again and again.
4	I'm a fan. We hit Caffe Boa this past Sunday for brunch. Was a bit bummed to not have the full menu but the food we did have was quite good.I also saw that they were members of the Slow Food movement. Definitely a good start.Began with a pitcher of sangria made with white wine. Was quite refreshing and tasty. Later swapped to red wine sangria made and was also quite good. Definitely give a look to the Sunday 1/2 price sangria pitchers and the bottomless mimosas & bellinis.As far as the food, I ordered the eggs benedict. The major difference was that the eggs were over a nice layer of San Daniele prosciutto. Killer dish. Eggs were poached perfectly. The prosciutto was a killer touch. Hollandaise was super yummy. It also came with a side of a couple slices of excellent tomato topped with a mound of burrata/mozzarella - hard to tell.  Tasty.  Would gladly order again. The Mrs. got the garlic egg scramble with salmon. That was also very good. The bread accompanying was great and a nice compliment.We also had our 2 & 5 year olds with us and it was a good spot for them. Was able to sandwich them on a long booth & worked out perfectly.Will definitely be back to sample more off the regular menu.
4	Three dollar Stella drafts, in the signature glass if you're early enough. That's one reason we go. Another is the personal service.Staff are so cool, very savvy in their wine knowledge and always friendly.The menu changes a lot but we like that. The place itself is so lovely,( I know, but that word works! )in the fall the interior doors open to the patio and it looks great. The food is so fresh, most is from farmers in th area. Also they are a member of the slow food movement. Serious foodies here,tasty stuff!
2	For 2 years Caffe Boa was my go to HH place.  My friends and I would meet here for many reasons- to celebrate the completion of a big assignment, a new job or promotion, the end of tough a week, a drink before a  VMarie show, Wednesday.  I brought my parents, my in-laws, and friends visiting from out of town to HH here.   It was our spot.What in the name of the Happy Hour gods happened here? I remember a time where you got an entire loaf of bread and a bowl of olive oil.  They replaced that with three dipping sauces and a bread basket...I took it in stride.  Then it just became passed bread, which was rough but I was still able to use the bread to soak up the adriatico sauce.  On my last trip we had to ask several times  for bread.  They used to have so many good wines on HH.  Oh, how I loved those wines.  Now they have a handful of their worst ones.  No more of my favorite Albarino.  No more Cava.Then there was the food.  My friends and I would always order several orders of shrimp adriatico, which was full of plump jumbo shrimp.   The various cheese/tomato based plates were large enough for 4 to share.  What we were served on our last visit was tiny shrimp, that did not seem fresh, in a meager amount of sauce. The capriatta was now a slice of bread with cheese on it and was large enough, maybe, for 2 to cut up and share.  I almost cried when we were last there.  It was a terrible HH in general, made worse by the fact that I sat there knowing how great it once was.  Now my friends and I are in the market for a new HH spot.
5	Sit down and prepare yourself as I tell you something that will change your life. Ready?Caffe Boa's brunch is the best in Phoenix. Hands down. I'm also making this claim without having ever been past the patio. If you don't believe me, check out the amazing photos I added.The patio is so gorgeous and serene you don't even realize you're right down smack dab in the middle of college central. The vines growing along the side and the umbrellas suspended from the roof are simply magnificent. The place settings are beautiful, and listening to the birds tweet as they hop around all while a great breeze blows makes it instantly calming enough to warrant going by yourself, serene enough for talking business, and sexy enough for a date. The staff is phenomenal, and our server, Bri, was just the best ever. She helped me through some very tough Sunday morning meal decisions as well as explained all about Caffe Boa and how many of their items on their dinner and new brunch menu are made from scratch, organic, and/or locally grown. The brunch menu also has only been around a few weeks. I'm glad that I stopped by before word spreads.I started off with the white sangria, which wasn't sold by the glass until brunch. Additionally, during brunch, the pitchers of sangria are half off. The glass was huge and full of flavor and goodness. It was filled with apples, grapes, oranges, and cherries and was absolutely delightful. After the sangria, I had to try the mimosa, and I was not disappointed. Mimosas, Bellini, and champagne are 8 per glass or 18 bottomless at brunch. And yes, you can mix and match them. It may sound a little pricey, but they would kick the ass of the 2 dollar mimosas many places have. Total weaklings they are compared to this masterpiece.After going round and round on just what I wanted to order, I settled on the eggs benedict which had prosciutto, poached eggs, and basil hollandaise over an English muffin. On the side was an amazing goat cheese and tomato (though I did without tomato). I added some cracked pepper and unbleached wine rock salt. Decadent. Simply exquisite. I don't typically care for salt and I couldn't help but keep putting a tiny pinch on my meal. The service was just the right speed for a brunch, not too fast and not too slow. I don't like to be rushed on a Sunday morning. I was able to enjoy myself and take in the amazing food I was eating as well as enjoy the scenery, which made me believe I really had been transported to a gorgeous countryside when I walked in the door. I will gladly come here again for brunch, and despite my typical dislike of pasta, the description Bri gave us, has me craving that as well.It was decadent down to every last tiny detail and I left completely satisfied from head to toe, like I had been on a romantic getaway or a day at the spa.
2	*********Perhaps I overreacted.  I've changed my rating from one star to two stars.  This place is overrated, and not at all what it used to be, but it's better than McDonald's.The wine list used to be incredible.  The appetizers were wonderful.  That is all in the past.  The updated wine list managed to hack off a bunch of wonderful things (some great local wines for instance).  Instead I keep seeing things from Croatia which are horrible.  If you see the Croatian Zinfandel just let your eyes keep wandering.  The prosciutto and melon is pretty weak, as is the cheese plate.  Portions are small.  Everything is over-priced.***********Update*************I've changed the review (although not the rating) after being told that Jay has owned it since day one.  As I wrote him, I used to love this place.  I went when it was in a tiny building further south on Mill Ave.  And even a year ago I enjoyed it.  I was under the assumption there was a change in ownership because of the nosedive Caffe Boa took in the last year.  It's hard to imagine that an establishment could slip the way they have under the same management.  As I wrote Jay, if I was rating Caffe Boa a year ago, I would have given him four stars.  But they are not what they were, and they don't provide an enjoyable experience for me.*******Another update***********I sent the owner a message saying that I was apologized for saying this was a problem with new ownership when he has been there since day one.  Here is his response:Once again, I stand my my award winning wine list.  It is one of the very best in the valley.  We are not consistenly getting awards (including Best of for our wine list in NewTimes just last week) for "Horrible" wines as this person states.Our food, wines, and hospitality speak for themselves.  Come see why we are one of the best places to dine in the valley for yourselves.  It certainly is easy to be negative in these open blog type sites, but we have been around along time, not for serving anything short of great.  That's why after 77 reviews to date on Yelp, the average is 4 stars.  People like this are not the norm of course.My response to him is that he's right.  His food, wines, and hospitality do speak for themselves.  They speak volumes.  My hope is that someday Jay can check his ego and listen to criticism from paying customers.
3	It had to happen eventually, I guess. After dozens of really good dining experiences, I had a very sub-par dinner at Caffe Boa. They're getting 3 stars from me only because I've liked what I've ordered in the past.My mistake was choosing something different than what I usually get. I opted for the risotto and, at our server's suggestion, added their housemade spicy Italian sausage to it. The risotto wasn't even al dente, it was straight up undercooked (crunch, crunch). And, the sausage wasn't spicy it was peppery - the black pepper flavor overwhelmed the meat. The shaved white asparagus nearly saved the dish but not quite.I learned my lesson. If/when I go back, I will order the brown butter sage ravioli. It's always been delish. While I trust them to make good food, and figure I caught them on a really off night, I don't think I'll bother ordering from their wine list again. Their bottle prices are ridiculous. I have no problem paying restaurant mark up for wine, but I want to know that I'm getting something good. Nothing on their wine menu jumped out at me as being worthy of my time. I ended up with a very blah flight of unremarkable wines, one of which was served in a nasty filthy glass. eeeeewwwwwwwMaybe I'll follow Tonia B's advice and try to Boa for brunch. I'd hate to give up on them altogether but they're going to have to do some wooing to get me back anytime soon.
3	I went to Caffe Boa last night for a friend's birthday. I'd never been, but this is apparently one of her favorite places. I checked it out some of the reviews here to figure out what kind of place to expect and I got a little worried once I saw how varied the experiences were. Unfortunately it seemed like the best thing about this place was their happy hour, and we were going to miss that (uh-oh). So, I shook it off and decided that I would just have to see for myself.First things first: I just can't say enough about how great the staff at Caffe Boa was that night! Everyone was so friendly and helpful. Our waiter, Wally, was fantastic! His initial soliloquy about the concept of the restaurant and review of the specials was borderline overwhelming, but he was happy to answer our questions, so it all worked out. Granted, the food and drinks took quite a while to get out to us, but we were busy chatting and generally having a good time, so we didn't mind. Wally was great about checking in on us: friendly and entertaining when we needed him and totally unobtrusive when we were otherwise occupied with each other. I also love that even though our meal had ended long before we decided to leave, we weren't rushed out. What a great, relaxing place to catch up with some friends! For our meal, we opted for the pitcher of red sangria, and were not disappointed. They didn't mind a special request to make it sans-Sambuca (black licorice in my wine? - yuk!), and overall it turned out pretty strong, with a fruity kick. We also got the grilled rustic bread appetizer (aka bruschetta). The tomatoes were beautiful! Perfectly ripe and drizzled with olive oil - so sweet and delicious, but tragically piled high atop some very burnt toast. (Sigh.) Luckily we had some more sangria to drown our sorrows. By the time the main course arrived the blackened bruschetta was but a distant memory. It was a pasta-extravaganza for all - farfalle, tortelloni, and ravioli were stuffed or mixed with organic goodness and smothered in their various sauces.  Jen raved about her rosemary chicken ravioli, but my tortelloni stuffed with sirloin and prosciuitto left a bit to be desired. Picture little chunks of hamburger wrapped in pasta. It wasn't terrible, just not worth 18 bucks. Its just too bad none of us could afford any of the other dishes on the menu, they really looked delicious. All in all a good time and worth a trip back for happy hour.
2	Thumbs down... bigtime. We were seated and no one came to our table to acknowledge us. After 10-15 minutes we had to actually get up and flag someone down to ask who our server was. The waiter, utterly confused, then walks around the restaurant polling the other staff members, "Is this your table?" everyone else is equally confused shaking their head no. Finally he comes back and says, "this isn't my section, but I'll take your order anyway". Wow... thank you so much for the magnanimous gesture. We place our drink order and it takes 10+ minutes to arrive. Our server asks if we would like bread... we say yes... add about 15 minutes for the bread guy to arrive. When our main entrees finally arrived (scallops and veal), we thought the quality of the food was fair to good however the portion sizes are exceptionally small. I understand this is how many finer dining type of places present their dishes however usually the quality of the food and the service override any qualms about portion size. We spent around $120 for the two of us and I left very disappointed.It's going to be a long, long time before we visit again.
1	Dear Cafe Boa,I stopped by a little over a week ago to order catering services for an event I had yesterday for 30 people.  I was dismissed by the hostess as you were too busy seating people for dinner.  Saddened by your complete lack of interest, I left my name and number with the hostess for someone to contact me.  Alas, you never called. I just wanted to send you a little thank you...Since you never called, I had the event catered by Postino Winebar. The event was a fabulous success, everyone loved the food and will be visiting Postino for many dinners and lunches to come.Now that I know how attentive, reasonably priced and easy to work with Postino is, they will be catering all of our events for 2010.  Without you, I might have never found them.Hugs and Kisses,JimUpdate: The owner/manager has since emailed me saying the service issue would be rectified.  Having dined here many times before, the service is indeed usually much better.
3	I heard a lot of mixed reviews of this place, but in search of some good tasting Italian food i decided that i should try Boa out. I went for lunch with a friend... The waitress was not good, she didn't pay attention to us at all and the place was empty. They start you off with a fresh bread selection which is nice and they give you olive oil and hummus which i like. I got a lunch pasta and salad, i got the cape cod ravioli and ceaser salad. I should have ordered a dinner portion because four ravioli's are not enough to fill me up. The salad was ok, ravioli was very good, it had a cranberry sauce. My friend had the pasta and meatballs, he said it was good. I would like to come back to this place and have dinner here... Pretty Good for Tempe
5	Had a world class multi course extravaganza.  Asked the chef to come out and chat.  The Chef had only been there for a couple of months.  He seemed to have a serious passion for good food.  We asked him to just serve us.  Wow.    Multiple courses of creativity, flavor, style.  Owner Jay paired wines with each course.  It was a meal that will go on the list.
3	Really Cute place. Went for Lunch. I ordered the Autumn Maccaroncello and Caesar Salad, which was Butternut Squash and Wild Honey Sauce, Toasted Pepitas, Pecorino, Slovenian Pumpkin oil, while it had good flavor, it was cold and I would have preferred chunks of butternut squash so that it had some texture. (see pics) Things I liked: atmosphere the bread Things I didn't like: it was freezing in here $4.50 for tea, hot or iced.....Really??!!!! limp salad barely lukewarm pasta bland dipping sauces for the bread
3	I went for happy hour on Tuesday with a couple of friends (one was particularly excited Chef Payton had moved there) and we thought we were in for some great eats.  Lovely cocktails and the mussels in coconut broth were worth licking the bowl for but the Daily Pulled Mozzarella was nothing like the pulled mozzarella Chef Payton used to make at Digestif.  This dish was composed of four or five fresh mozzarella slices, Ice cold, fanned out on a plate with a saute of bell peppers on top, also cold.  To add insult to injury, it was disgustingly bland.  I never jumped on the fresh mozzarella bandwagon with the rest of the world but I did like what I had at Digestif and was hoping for something similar.  Three hungry girls and we didn't even finish it (rather couldn't finish it).  I took one bite of mine and left the rest.  My friends spread the pesto and red pepper aioli that comes with the bread all over trying to resuscitate it.  Later I talked to the bartender and told him how good the pulled mozzarella was at Digestif and how we heard that was on the menu here now (as your read, it is and it isn't) and how we were so disappointed.  A few minutes later he came out of the back and said Chef Payton said next time to order it 'Old Style' and he'll make it like he did at Digestif.  There is a god.
4	SInce my last review, I've been to Boa three other times. All under the previous chef. Tonights visit, brought to you by the now infamous chef Payton from Digestif. Given some of the jabs of late here in yelpdom, I was ready to be disappointed. We went nonetheless. Waiter Jeff [I think] I recognized from a previous visit and make no mistake, is part of the reason the experience was as good as it was. He was right on the wine reco and offered us a taste of the wine we were asking about. We ate good AND we ate a lot. I ate critically; my lovely, less a foodie still was very pleasantly fed.  The bread starter with the Queen Creek Olive Oil [giggle...] hummus and sun dried tomato aioli was a hit. Loved the hummus but it was all yum. I stepped out on a limb and ordered the mozz app. I loved it. Am a girl whose been married to an Italian [or 2] and it was very fine. Everything about it. Texture, amount of salt, peppers and vinegar. Great. I thought it was about perfect. We each had a salad course: me the field greens with pear and bleu cheese, lovely with caesar. Okay, blah blah blah caesar...the field salad was a really nice mix of greens and sweet/salty. I did utter that I could have had sex with the bleu cheese. It was creamy delicious perfect balance of creamy and sharp...but that 's just me. We  both ordered pasta. Like others before me, my heart sank when I didn't see the dishes that I had come to love here and seemed perfect. The dish I had was Voodoo Penne. Chicken tomato, light cream sauce, a little cheese. It, like the Alfredo, just didn't pop. I wanted that delicious yum lick the plate experience. It wasn't there. I didn't think there were strong enough flavor in either dish, or enough salt. Having said that, the pasta was cooked perfectly and arrived hot - albeit before the end of our salad [ in fairness, he offered to take the pasta back to the kitchen ]. Mine was not overly sauced and my date loved his Alfredo. He couldn't stop eating it, even though he was full.  That's an endorsement.We finished with a shared pot de creme. In a huge cup. It was delish but way too big. Something that rich doesn't need to be in a supersized cup. Cafe au lait was perfection. PERFECTION. Can't say enough about really good French press coffee served hot. Yummmmm. Neglected to mention the Bishops Peak cab/shiraz/cab franc we both had. We thought it was great and not a budget killer at $7/glass. All tolled we gave it a thumbs up. Very pleasant evening on the patio, wait staff was on it and pleasant. Have to bang it down a star if only for the absence of what I really felt like was amazing food. It was awfully good and we walked away $112 lighter in our wallet....
4	My wife and I went on a Saturday night around 10:30pm.  Here's our scoop:Appetizer - mussels (NICE) and bread with dipping sauces/oil.  GOODFood - very tasty and high quality.  I ordered VooDoo Penne, and she had Fava Bean Raviolo.  Both very good.  I could taste the difference in the organic/free range chicken.Wine - housemade sangria - also goodDessert - tiramisu (keep the leftover good) and french press cafe' (nice touch)Waitress - friendly, prompt, knowledgeableAmbiance - classy but casual.  The Caribbean Christmas music was sort annoying, but the waitress helped.Prices - food and wine - OK.  Normal Drink prices - ridiculous.  $3 soda and $4 coffee.Overall - great date with the Mrs.  Cost for 2 was about $80....
3	HAPPY HOUR REVIEW!!I went with Camille H and Elaine B for our last Tuesday Happy Hour of the year at Caffe Boa.The bar area is pretty dinky, and the student/20-somethings were kind of snooty about giving up backpack covered seats for our butts, but we managed to find some seats. This restaurant is very pretty - beautiful lights and high ceilings - my kind of spot, except for the pretentious peeps. Being a HUGE fan of the Chef Payton when he was at Digestif, I was so excited to try this place! As Camille mentioned, the mussels were so so yummy - I would come back again just to eat that dish. But the pulled mozzerella was a huge disappointment. I really hope the "old school" is up to par next time.YOU MUST TRY THE RED DELICIOUS COCKTAIL! It was so so so so good! This cocktail includes vodka, apple juice and apple foam with an apple slice for garnish. The foam tastes like caramel apples and the apple cocktail is like drinking freshly juiced apples - I've never had anything like this before!I really wanted to give this place a higher "happy hour" rating, but I cannot. The drinks were delish, but pretty expensive ($10 each). The pretentious peeps kind of ruined the mood for me (people who think they are out of this world make you wish they were!), and the pulled mozzarella did not live up to my expectations.About KIDS: This is NOT somewhere I would ever bring my five year old. The food and drinks came out too slow - it would be a torture for a kid.
4	Great food and great service !
3	Ok, I loved the old Cafe Boa menu. The new menu is inventive, but does not look near as appetizing as the old menu.  i miss the cape cod Ravioli. I miss the flavors that were inspired from the various pasta dishes. They kept a few of the old dishes, but some of the new pairings are questionable. Cauliflower with Fettucine Alfredo? ummm..no. Cafe Boa still has the same commitment to organic and buying local, and its still one of my favorites. I do love the fall Panzanella salad which is served on a bed of butternut squash with duck confit. Its delectable and an explosion of flavors.Now, if they can bring back more of their home made pastas that they are known for...PLEASE!
4	I've now been here twice.  Once for dinner and once for lunch.  I find the menu creative and seasonal.  The decor is tasteful.We had two entrees only with a bottle of wine.  I had the evening special which was a Veal Scallopine with Horshradish Cream sauce.  My date had the mushroom stuffed ravioli with tomato cream sauce.  Both were flavorful and portions were appropriate.We shared a bottle of Argentinean Pinot Noir.  Very highly recommend Caffe Boa.
4	Having been a llllooooonnnngggg time fan of the original Cafe Boa - it saddened me to see such a change in the menu.  It really did.  :(  It, like nearly every other place on Mill is now just a memory of the past.  But...the current Cafe Boa was actually very yummy!  Seems like the prices have increased and the emphasis is no longer on pastas - what we did order was delicious and unique.  The portion sizes were perfect - from the salad and main entree to the oversized desserts.  While I am sad to see that the Cafe Boa as many remember it is gone - what remains should not be passed up simply because it is different.  Im looking forward to trying the new location in NE Mesa....
3	3 stars by the skin of their teeth.  Was there last Friday night and things were hopping...with the customers, that is, but service was painfully slow, both at the bar where we had drinks and appetizers and for dinner.  When we eventually did get our entrees the people at the table next to us  leaned over and said "i'll give you $30 for that - we've been waiting an hour!"   We had too, so we understood their desperation.  It was a wait to order, a wait for our food, a wait for the check, a wait for the receipt...ugh.  Now keep in mind that I love leisurely dining and hate being rushed.  So if service, especially at dinner, is slow by my definition, it is truly glacially paced.So on to the food.  The bruschetta - simple and wonderful due to the fresh and flavorful small tomatoes.  The bread and dip trio (hummus, oil, pesto) is also pleasing.  I ordered the fish of the day, an atlantic sole in buerre blanc.  The fish was fantastic  Fresh, perfectly cooked, and with a perfect texture.  The buerre blanc was a useless bland sauce that did nothing but detract from the fish.  The salad greens in aioli dressing were a miss.  The weirdly bitter aioli drenched the greens, making them a soggy mass.  The table consensus was "interesting.  Not good"My husband's fried chicken was oddly and unpleasingly  bland, and tasted devoid of seasoning or salt.  I only ate the coating because I am allergic to chicken, but isn't that supposed to be the best part?  The husband confirmed the meat was similarly bland.  My sister in law loved her annolotti.  We would have liked to try dessert but we'd been there so long by the time we were afraid we'd become permanently attached to the chair and decided to escape while possible.
4	Very friendly and attentive service. The menu is pretty cool. We were there midweek so we didn't have the wait that the others seem to experience.For starters, we shared the warm mozzarella. Not great but pretty good. Kind of a unique dish. For my main course, I had the pork loin which was pretty good. They also had some unique wine.The dessert list didn't seem all that interesting except for the pear cake (if I remember it correctly) but we were rushing by the end so we skipped it.I'd like to try their other dishes so I'll probably be back.
4	I am writing this review a bit late as my first and only visit to Caffe Boa was in October, 2009.    My husband and I visited for our wedding anniversary dinner.    I am sad to see that so many folks had bad experiences...mine was great.We had dinner late on a weeknight, so the restaurant was not crowded.   We sat outside to enjoy the beautiful weather.  The food was outstanding and our service was very good.    I had the Osso Bucco and my husband a ravioli dish.    We had purchased a GROUPON which made the bill a bit more manageable.  Regardless of price, I would visit again on an uncrowded evening.The only reason why I am not giving this 5 stars is because nothing can live up to T.Cooks in my mind.
4	This place definitely earned 3 stars but I rounded up for ambiance, decent service, and the fact that other items were good. A group of 6 went on a Saturday night with a reservation. We were seated outside, which was a-ok with the heat lamps nearby. We first ordered a pitcher of the red sangria. They start you off with bread and pesto/oil. The bread is brought around and served to you. We got our bread kinda late, but it was okay since we were chatting it up and enjoying our red sangria. We started off by sharing the Daily Pulled Mozzarella, which was good.As far as our meals, I (along with 2 others) had the mezzaluna pasta, which I wasn't so fond of. It's like little dumplings in a bowl of broth of some sort. I wasn't so impressed, but it tasted okay. My friend got the Spezzatini of Pork which consisted of cauliflower ravioli and some other vegetables. Pretty good. Another friend got the Tajarin which was a scallop pasta in a cream sauce and that was yummy! Larger in portion and taste. Lastly, a friend got the steak. It was humongous and kinda undercooked in my opinion, but he seemed to enjoy every bite. Lastly we ordered a few desserts to share. We had the tiramisu (soo good), a flourless hazelnut chocolate cake (pretty good), and the bread pudding with vanilla bean ice cream (also very good!). Soo overall, our desserts were great! I kind of wish I picked a different entree. But I gave it 4 stars because I enjoyed the desserts, had great company, and would definitely try it again if I were in town...
3	12/03/09Decided I'd go to CB to find out once and for all what roasted veal marrow tasted like after hearing a couple of Food Network celebrity chefs hark on and on about how wonderful they are (Anne Burrell, in particular, spoke of it on an episode of "The Best Thing I Ever Ate").  I'd have to say that I didn't think much of them.  The presentation was beautiful, I must admit, but paying $10 for what amounted to about a teaspoon and a half (OK, for argument's sake, let's round it off to two teaspoons) of frothy fat accented with Hawai'ian sea salt and tawny port reduction did not translate to a great experience for me (taste, nutrition, or cost).  Sure, there were a bit of bitter greens and three toasted pieces of bread (which two teaspoons of fat could not even cover), but I found more joy and sustenance w/ the singular toast slice slathered w/ goat cheese (forgive me, it's been awhile since I had this app, but the spread could've been mascarpone and ricotta, but I want to say goat cheese) and slices of Campari tomatoes.  Happy hour price for this app was $4.50, which I found easier to swallow, pardon the pun, than to pay $9 for a singular slice of toast w/ a soft-cheese spread and a little bitter greens on top.  (I can't eat tomatoes, so those gourmet slices just ended up in the garbage bin.)  It was very tasty, however, so I may order it again, but I won't be very happy about it.  Perhaps I could get a substitute for the tomatoes?  I will ask next time I go.
3	Stopped in for lunch, pressed for time. Nice atmosphere and I loved the commitment to local organic ingredients.Service wasn't super quick, but we did manage to make it out on time.  They offer bread upon seating and the french bread was quite good. It is served with hummus, oil and balsamic vinegar for dipping.  I was seriously hungry, so it was truly appreciated.  I ordered the chicken wrap and it was fresh and flavorful.  A friend ordered a salad with chicken.  The chicken portion was a tad skimpy. The pasta dishes sounded great.  I would love to try one on my next visit to Tempe.  I will give Cafe Boa another try when I am back in town.
3	I really want to give a rave review of Caffe Boa because I'm a fan of all things Mill Ave. The food is great, but what happened to the service? They're killin' me!!! I've been to 3 brunches this month alone that have been frustrating beyond all belief. Yet, for the eggs benedict alone, I keep going back for the abuse.All you can drink mimosas/bellinis for $18. Sounds great, right? It is and would be if the waiter showed up to refill them! We had to track him down to get a third one after our plates had been cleared to at least make it worth our money (otherwise $8 each).And again, this wasn't just one occurrence this was twice in one weekend and again the following Sunday. And it wasn't just about the mimosas. The other two times I just had coffee and it took 10 minutes after being seated for anyone to even show up at the table to even acknowledge us!Shame...shame...Caffe Boa. You're better than that! I won't give up hope.
4	Based on the Wine Spectator two glass rating had a business dinner last Wednesday evening. Was not disappointed one bit....from the atmosphere, music, food, service from Chad and overall experience our party was very impressed! Was especially fond of the first course Fall Panzanella Salad with MJ Bread, Balsamic Marinated Mushrooms, Baby Lettuce, Roasted Butternut Squash and Goat Cheese. Also the Tiramisu is not to me missed! Will definitely be back.
3	3.5 stars I see the potential in Caffe Boa. I can see that they've recently changed the menu and the chef and are making strides toward becoming a fantastic restaurant. They just aren't there quite yet, in my opinion. My first visit to the "new" Caffe Boa was the first week the new chef Peyton Curry (formerly of Digestif fame) got started. I walked in to secure a table and was asked for my first and last name...weird right? How many Dottsy's do they get? So I went to sit at the bar to wait for my dinner partner to arrive. I sat and sat and watched the bartender tend to one end of the bar. Finally, a gentleman raised his voice and told the kid that I have been waiting patiently for a drink. A broken glass later, I secured a glass of prosecco. Soon after, my dinner partner arrived and I wanted to cash out because our table was ready. I waved my credit card at the bartender and he took his time coming over. Dude, if you don't want to serve me, then come cash me out so I'm out of your hair! Sheesh. We were seated in the a beautiful dining area. The restaurant was packed with patrons and buzzing. Our waitress came to introduce herself and take our drink orders. I also ordered the pulled mozzarella to start. It arrived at our table and it was just your average mozz. Nothing mind-blowing. For my entree I had the Diver Scallops that were accompanied by a potato puree. The scallops were cooked perfectly. I guess the dish is an exercise in subtlety because nothing wowed me. It was an a-ok dish. It was almost pushing on bland. The puffed capers might have saved the dish. I tried my friend's pasta, and it was semi-cold. He was a better sport than I, and chose not to return it. What threw me was that we were sitting right next to the kitchen door. How long was that pasta sitting in the kitchen getting cold? All in all, the dinner was good. Certainly nothing super creative, but definitely tasty. I returned to Boa for lunch. I ordered the Kobe burger with blue cheese. How do I say this gently? It was a salt lick. The cheese was VERY salty to be put on top of a seasoned burger. I only ate half of it an I was over it. I did fill out a comment card and also told our waitress about it. No offer for a new sandwich, but I did eat half of it. I see the potential for Caffe Boa. It's all there. A good chef, quality ingredients, a creative menu, but they're not all coming together quite right. Maybe a tasting dinner with comment cards might be in order. Or maybe, given time, Caffe Boa will become a roaring success. I will be waiting.
4	As many others have noted, I have seen a number of changes with the switch to the new chef. In general I have liked it though one time I did order a side of soup and it was $8 (I'm cheap and that seemed somewhat pricey for an item at lunch). However, I have been meaning to check out the brunch and this Sunday, the day of the Superbowl, I made my move. Walked over to Mill and picked up a New York Times at Starbucks (because it isn't Sunday morning without the New York Times - not being elitist, it is just a great way to spend two or three hours on a lazy Sunday). Showed up at 9:45 (I though the yelp time said they opened at 8 am but who knows). Asked if I could just sit at the bar till the opened and read the paper and Eric, the bartender, had no problem with it. Eric turned out to be a nice guy and along with breakfast I had some great conversation (we both agreed Samsung makes a hell of a flat screen TV). I was planning to have coffee but since it was Superbowl Sunday I thought, what the hey and ordered a White Sangria. Eric drew mine out of a huge jar full of Sangria with all sorts of fresh fruit, into a large wine glass and finished it off with extra ice. Wow, it was great Sangria. He mentioned they not only put in white wine but add brandy and I think peach Schnapps to the mix and believe me when I tell you, one is plenty. I have a pretty high tolerance and even I had a nice comfortable alcohol buzz by the time I finished it. As for the food, oh the food! I had the eggs Benedict which comes with basil hollandaise (had to look up how to spell that one) sauce. It was truly to die for. The bread was somewhat crusty and stood up well to the sauce, the hollindaise was perfect, a melange of butter with a hint of lemon, the ham was more like prosciutto and created a gentle bed of salty ham goodness on which was nestled a perfectly poached egg. The best eggs I ever had were in Japan and have not had ones that tasted as good until today. The salty flavor (and it was not too salty, but you could taste it) was balanced out with the sweeter flavor of the Sangria. The bartender was nice enough to ask if I wanted an espresso or coffee, or another Sangria, and he provided me with water and kept it filled, without asking (I'm a sucker for good service). Cost of the eggs Benedict is $14 and if you want one (and if you are not a big eater one is fine) is $8. Next time I have it I would probably have the smaller portion and combine it with the side dish of fruit ($8) for a bit of a healthier breakfast. The Sangria, just know that if you come with a friend get a pitcher because by the pitcher, not by the glass, it is half off. So, go for breakfast and instead of the bottomless Bellini thing, get the Sangria, and yes, go for breakfast! It is a lovely time of the year and a perfect time to sit on the patio and guess what, you can ride the light rail to it, what more could you ask for on a lazy Sunday morning! :-)
3	I have been a patron of Caffe Boa for the last 4 years. I had so many favorites on that last menu. I really don't care for this new menu. On my first visit, I had the Agnolotti.  The ravioli was rather cold...and had a bland flavor. Second trip, I had the Spezzatini of Pork. I thought the pork could have been a bit more tender. I love the wine selection so it's part of the reason why I return often. It's by far my fave place on Mill Ave. I always hope that my experience at Caffe Boa is far better than the last time. I'll keep ya posted!
4	Caffe Boa does not disappoint. It is a wonderful friday afternoon, while away the week with a lovely glass of wine and nibbles spot. The bar has great service and an incredible wine selection. The appetizers show an impressive attention to detail with cheeses, pate, and sausages, excellent quality and organic to boot. A true example a lovely European bistro.
5	Probably the most amazing pasta dish I have ever had.  The toasted herd gnocchi with milk braised sweatbreads was perfect in so  many ways.  The gnocchi was slightly crisp on the outside with a perfectly rich and creamy sauce.  The sweatbreads were amazingly tender and the portion was just enough.  My girlfriend loved her freshly made white sangria with blueberries and strawberries.  Despite an extremely busy Valentines Day, our service was attentive and professional.  I have been to Boa many times but this is hard to beat.
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing!The ambiance, our waiter, Tempe, the fresh baked bread, the Organic Field Greens Salad, the Mezaluna Ravioli, the Favabeans ravioli... loved it. Loved it all.Everything was just so fresh since their products were all locally grown/raised within what i believe was a 20 mile radius. They also promote sustainability and use mainly organic ingredients -- which is always a plus in my book. I'd for sure return to this restaurant if I were ever back in the area.
2	Today I went here with my girlfriend for a couple appetizers and a glass of wine as a mid-afternoon bite to eat after hearing good things. We are normally at D'vine in mesa for this type of thing but noticed cafe boa had opened up out next to D'vine and had been meaning to try it and being that we were in Tempe we figured trying the sister location here. We had the bruschetta which is normally a favorite of ours was over powered by far to many capers and to a lesser extent olives. The taste of basil is completely lost as is the balsamic vinegar. Not something we would recommend or order again.Also got the shrimp adriatico which taste like plain shrimp as the sauce was too thin to coat the shrimp. When bread was dipped in the sauce it was good but nothing special more like your average tomato bisque taste. It did later however later cause my stomach to be very upset so i have some concern here.Also had a glass of a california red wine that was fairly inexpensive and was just bland but not horrible.The overall verdict was this was not a place we would return and we would rather make the drive to D'vine for the wine and bruschetta and apps there.
4	Brunch.11 am on Sunday morning.  Two other tables in the restaurant were occupied.  Needless to say, there was no wait, and we were seated promptly.  A plus. Service was attentive, but not overbearing, although one of our party thought our server was overly attentive at times.  I forgive them for there being nothing much in the restaurant to do other than attend to us. Fresh squeezed orange juice was light, sweet, and refreshing, although I could have done without the narrow, tall juice glass.   I enjoyed the mediterranean omelette, and it was really lovely except for there being a bit too much salt, but nothing overpowering or too detrimental.  House sausage was flavorful with good texture, while the feta cheese and cherry tomatoes' lightness and freshness were pleasant all pleasant additions to the omelette.  The baked grated potato was really an excellent accompaniment, and I loved the crusted potato cake aspect and the cheese that topped it.  As for the yogurt and cucumber salad, seemed to be well made with high quality ingredients, but just not my thing--you may love it.   Portion size overall was adequate, though I would have gladly traded some omelette for more potato.  All in all, a pretty solid and interesting omelette made with high quality ingredients for $10.  If you toss in sitting outside on a lovely morning into the mix, a pretty fair deal.Other than the over-salting, my remaining gripe may not so much be the fault of the Caffe.  The place was just so empty and quiet, it took away from the experience.  The restaurant has a dark, comfortable, clean, and modern atmosphere, but when it's nearly empty, it's a negative.  Perhaps Sunday morning is really for Tempians to sleep off the previous night, and so Sunday brunch is not a priority.  Too bad; a vibrance brought by tables filled with patrons would really add to the experience.  But hopefully not so many as to add a wait...
2	I used to love Caffe Boa. I work nearby and when someone would suggest Boa for lunch I would jump at the chance. I haven't been there in a while and today I think I figured out why no one suggests to go there anymore - it's not as good!We (party of 3) arrived at about 12:15, the place was not very busy so we got a nice spot outside. Looking at the menu we immediately noticed it had changed. They used to have several great salad options, now they only have three. It looked like they have less pasta too. I ordered a half salad and half sandwich. The other two girls ordered salads. We didn't get our food until 1:00 pm! It's not like we took a long time to order. Good thing we weren't in a hurry. They came by and gave us bread and dip, which was good, but they only gave us one piece of bread each and never came back to offer more. Not that I want to pig out but I thought one piece of bread was a little stingy.  When it finally came, my turkey sandwich was kinda blah. Even the red pepper mayo on it didn't add much life to it. I think there was cheese on it but I couldn't really tell. My salad was just okay - mixed greens with candied pecans, bleu cheese and pears, well, two tiny slivers of pear. Overall, I was very underwhelmed and after we got back to work my co-worker expressed the same displeasure. I want my old Caffe Boa back!
3	I have eaten lunch at this locale twice. The decor is modern and comfy ,had the muffelata sandwich which was tasty  and the second time  i had the flat bread w/camilized onions, prochutto,and had them add some lightly dressed arugula on top. nice wine list good service
5	I love Caffe Boa!  The food is amazing.  They try to get as much of their ingredients as possible from local sources.  The Sunday Brunch is a must.  Olive Oil pancakes may not sound exciting, but I assure you they are AMAZING.  They also have unlimited mimosas, champagne, and Bellini's for $18.  This helps make a great Sunday Funday:)
3	Took a friend here last night to celebrate her engagement. It was her favorite restaurant back in 1999 when it was a little dive joint. Now its at a new location (still on Mill) with a complete makeover. It's like the little trailer park girl that nabbed herself a sugar daddy and you just ran into her..She has new boobs and those boobs have changed the person she used to be, the person everyone loved.Like I said, used to be casual and somewhat divey..now it's all wine and tablecloths. Service was good, no rave reviews, no complaints. Food I had the "Spezzatini of Pork"  Cauliflower Ravioli, Peas, Organic Carrots, Roasted Heirloom Potato, Fresh Grated Horseradish. Sounds amazing right? It was decent but it's a fancy name for stew atop large thin ravioli. Im not disappointed in my dish but far from "wowed". For dessert Tres Leches bread pudding.. can't go wrong right? For all bread pudding lovers.. its usually super moist and doughy.. and if youve ever had Tres Leches cake also supermoist. The combo..NOT supermoist? Some parts were, but most was dry like panetone. It was topped with ice cream and that should have been a clue. Bread Pudding should never need ice cream as a sidekick, it should be able to hold it's own. This dessert was beyond disappointing.I expected so much more from this place. I wont go back for "ok", there are too many restaurants in Phoenix to return for "ok".
5	Pros - great happy hour, great food, great drinks, great service.  Their dishes are made in a way where you can swap out ingredients if you prefer something else.  Also, you can call ahead if you know what wine you like and they'll decanter it for you.Cons - regular dining can get expensive (non-happy hour)I love this restaurant and it's happy hour.  I take all my out of town guests here.  The decor is nice, the service is great, and the bar offers a fun atmosphere.  I even recommended a few people do Valentines here.  They used to offer a great escargot appetizer as well a great clam appetizer with an amazing sauce.  I know they try to keep things fresh by changing up the menu, but hopefully they'll switch back soon.  The new curryish clam appetizer isn't cutting it for me.  Mothership beer is good and I've always loved the petite-syrah there.
2	I was in the Mill Avenue area and decided to pass up the chain restaurants and have lunch at Caffe Boa.It was nice outside so I chose to sit on the patio.I pretty much always order iced tea for lunch but Caffe Boa only had the bottled Republic of Tea offerings.  Those are ok but a little pricey so I decided to have a Bass ale instead.Looking at the lunch menu I chose the meatball panini.  That's when things went downhill.  When my panini arrived it looked kinda thin and so I opened it up.  It contained the peppers and marinara sauce promised on the menu, but no meatballs, only a thin sprinkling of ground meat.Can Phoenix be Phoenix without 115 degree summer temperatures?  Can spaghetti be spaghetti without noodles?  Can a meatball panini be a meatball panini without meatballs?  I think not!!I asked my server about this and he informed me that they had indeed changed the recipe.  He did offer to go back to the kitchen to get a couple of meatballs but I declined.I think I'll stick with DeFalco's for my meatball sandwiches.
1	After reading all of the wonderful reviews on Caffe Boa I am sad to say I didn't have a good experience there. First off, let me mention I didn't taste a morsel of food. I was in the area with 4 other friends and we decided to walk in last night at about 7:30 - on a Tuesday. Our friend had called for a reservation for 4 and when we showed up with one extra person, the hostess gave us a look of complete devastation and stress - She would have to push two tables together in a practically empty restaurant. She sat us and we sat, and sat, and sat. We were never greeted. Not even a water.  We gave the server/manager/whomever a good 10 minutes.Well, we got up and went to Z'Tejas. I will try again - maybe on a busier night when a newly sat table may not slip through the cracks. I figure our odds of being acknowledged will be greater. :)
4	Caffe Boa classes up Mill Avenue.  It's a great italian place with fantastic food.  Caffe Boa was my go to spot for a first date at its old location because it had a great outdoor patio with mood lighting and the food wasn't too heavy.  In their current location, you don't quite have the intimate feeling on the patio you had at the old but it's still quite romantical.  You really can't go wrong with anything on their regular menu but I was here recently and experienced their brunch menu for the first time.  I had the Machievelle Ficelle which is a glorified prosciutto sandwich but it was excellent.  I am used to really good imported prosciutto and Caffe Boa's did not disappoint.  Not too salty.  Sliced super thin.  And the pickled peppers are a sweet surprise.  Go here.  Bring a date.
4	Good food, good service, good time....Same place as the one on Mill Ave.Great for dinner on the patio.
5	Caffe Boa has become one of my favorite places to eat. On top of their fantastic happy hour menu (half off appetizers, half off glasses of wine and $2 off all beers), their menu is delicious! They pride themselves on preparing all food with ingredients from local farms, and everything always tastes so fresh!A favorite entree of my non-vegetarian friends (myself included, prior to ending my love affair with meat) is the voodoo chicken. It's got tons of flavor, a good amount of chicken and yummy penne pasta. And now that I'm a vegetarian, my favorite entree is the agnolotti. It's grilled, and I believe, ground forest mushroom in ravioli, with delicious herbs in a colorful tomato cream sauce. Nom, nom, nom...
4	One of my new favorite places!We had a great dinner this evening.  Great service, good wine, fair prices, and my husband says it was one of the most perfectly cooked steaks he's ever had.  We will definitely be back for more!
4	This is one of my favorite date places to take a nice girl, Note if you are nice girl I have yet to take on a date act surprised when I take you here.For a date the setup is great. You can park near the town lake and have a nice walk and talk.Arrive and drop your name for the reservation you made on the phone or online.Sit in a private area in the back.Don't commit to one wine she may not like order a flight each, it will give something to talk about and add fun.Be careful with the bread and olive oil, I have stained a shirt on a date, and it was embarrassing.For the meal there are many options that even work if you or you date are a vegetarian. I often go for the mushroom ravioli, with the half and half sauce option. The mushrooms are exotic and earthy, the red sauced half is bright and clean, the white cream sauce is rich and flavorful, a dollop of pesto adds a nice touch.The prices are great for a date too, high enough to not look cheap but low enough to not break the bank. For 2 wine flights and two meals expect to spend $60ish out the door.Lightning is great for a date, and on weekends there may be live music even.So if you want to make a great first impression at reasonable prices, make a reservation and have a great time.
2	yikes.  i'm not even sure where to begin...the bread and dip is fantastic.  the bruschetta is a win.  the service was.... s.l.o.w. and a bit pretentious.   we went with another couple and thank goodness the company couldn't be any better for what was an awkward experience at best.   unless you're an experienced chef or frequent hoidy-toidy places the menu may as well be in greek.  so it took us all awhile to figure out what we wanted to eat.  once we DID decide and ordered one of the menu items  had an ingredient that was no longer in season and the dish was COMPLETELY different than what was on the menu.  Then about 20 minutes after we initially ordered our server came back to clarify one of the orders and then scurried back to the computer to put in our order.   all in all we waited an HOUR for our food.  We didn't even realize it had been that long until our server told us.  they apologized for the wait and got us all dessert as well as taking off a meal that just wasn't very good.  to be honest, none of the food was worth the price tag.  the only reason they got 2 stars instead of 1 is because they recovered themselves well.  i know and understand that things happen and no one's perfect.  i appreciate the effort made to try to make us happy, but it would have been nice to know why things were taking so long ahead of time and to know that this wasn't the norm.  although after reading many other Yelp reviews, maybe it IS the norm...   if i lived closer to the area i would check out a brunch and try to give a better review, but i'm not making the drive and spending money there again.
2	Oh Caffe Boa, what happened to you? I used to love you, like seriously love you but christ how you've changed! I know, I know, you've gotten yourself a fancy big-named chef and  in turn completely forgotten your identity. Case in point: A $19 lunch SPECIAL? Is that some sort of joke?? Your lunch "special" will run me $20 without even purchasing a drink? Doesn't sound very special to me. Caffe Boa has turned into an expense accounter's establishment only with their insanely unrealistic pricing which has increased dramatically over the last several years. Inflation is one thing but this is price-gouging at its finest. Plain, meatless pasta entrees don't increase in price 60+% over 5 years due to inflation and higher food costs, they just don't.Again, I used to love Caffe Boa. I spent just about every celebratory dinner I had in college there. Shit, I even hosted one of my graduation parties there! But those days are over. I find it incredibly ironic that I used to be able to afford Caffe Boa in college when I was on a strict budget, and years later I'm working and have more disposable funds at my leisure and it has firmly priced itself out of my budget. Crying shame...
1	One of the worst dining experiences ever!As a foodie that seeks out the best restaurants in each city I travel to, I was extremely disappointed by Caffe Boa.  The only good things about my dining experience were the bread and dips and the wine!  I ordered 3 courses with wine paired with each course.  First course: Organic Field Greens Salad w/Organic Pears, Great Hill Farm Blue Cheese, Candied Walnuts, Tawny Port Vinaigrette.  Dish was served "upside down" with all of the ingredients buried underneath large salad leaves.  Salad was overdressed and the Pears were nowhere to be found.  Second course: Spezzatini of Pork (Cauliflower Ravioli, Peas, Organic Carrots, Roasted Heirloom Potato, Fresh Grated Horseradish).  Pork was dry and overcooked, while the rest of the plate had a one-note flavor profile.  Third course: Sonoma Duck Breast w/Yukon Gold Potato Gratin, Butternut Squash and McClendon Farms Date Ragout, Sage Jus.  Although the duck was cooked correctly, the rest of this dish was inedible!  There was a layer of oily/greasy substance on everything, including some sort of hash brown- like potato that did a fine job of soaking up much of the grease.  I actually pressed down on this and watched as the grease leached out!  Last but not least, there was the dessert course.  I ordered their version of creme brulee, which is no longer on their current dessert menu on their website.  Not surprising considering the fact that when I broke through the properly prepared outer layer, I discovered a soupy dessert underneath.  Hands down the worst preparation of creme brulee I have ever encountered.  If you are into good food and find yourself in need of a good restaurant in Tempe, please don't waste your money at Caffe Boa!
1	I have to be honest. At first I heard good things about Cafe Boa but haven't had a chance to check it out. My work schedule is hectic and when I finally had a night off, my gf planned a night out with Boa as the main spot. First impression: Cool looking date spot with outdoor seating with some vines giving some privacy from the college bar scene in the area. Inside hip lil cafe with exposed brick, lots of wood decor and large chalkboard with murals sketched on them. We sat down at a long communal table in the bar area. The waitress came over after a few min and we asked for a menu. She brings us the bar menu and drink menu but we also asked for the full menu. We waited about 20 minutes before she came back to take our drink/food order. There was a about 10 people in the whole place. The bar menu had some variations from the full menu. Namely the mussels dish was made with coconut milk and curry vs. a mediterranean style from the full menu. I made a point to order the coconut version in addition to a shaved fennel salad and gnocchi. The salad was sadly underdressed and I had to ask for salt. The coconut milk mussels did not initially make it to the table, the other version did. When I questioned the waitress she said that those mussels were an older version but she'll have them made for us. I specifically had a discussion with her about the mussel differences when I ordered and she knew which I wanted. She brings out the correct mussel dish and we practically had to beg for bread. The gnocchi for get it. They were pan sauteed in a brown butter sauce with capers I'd generally reserve for a flaky fish dish. The gnocchi were over pan seared and filled with grease. I couldn't finish the dish. We paid our tab and left. I consulted some other people after my experience and for some reason they've had multiple bad experiences there but return because they like the food. Sadly, I thought the service and food were terrible.
3	Ceasar salad was great, but adding chicken cost $6. Very pricy.
3	Caffe Boa is an interesting jokester, so, it is interestingly hard to review it. I'll keep it short. I have gone here several times, and each time with a group of about eight. The staff has always been accommodating and friendly, but something seems lacking to me... and I'm pretty sure it's the price point. I get the voodoo penne every single time, and it is to die for, but, over the years, I have absolutely noticed the size of the dish dwindle like the buffalo, yet the price has not. All of the dishes have gotten noticeably smaller while still remaining fairly expensive. If you have not tried Caffe Boa, I think you should, it is romantic, especially outside during the nice months, and it is decorated well and has a wonderful atmosphere, but I don't see you becoming a regular. I really, really want to love Caffe Boa, I want to become a regular and meet my friends here a couple of nights a week, but something needs to change. Help me out here Caffe Boa, make me a believer.
4	I went to Caffe Boa for happy hour recently and was really pleased. Ian, our bartender/server was really genuine and pleasant. The Sangria was amazing and so was the bruschetta. My experience overall was really great! I wouldn't go during regular hours though because it is pretty pricey for what it is but still very delicious!
2	I greatly appreciate the offering of Grass-Fed beef, free range chicken and organic options.  Nice selection of entrees and excellent wine list.BUT, my pork was undercooked and the fennel salad was disappointing. I expected fresh, crisp, snappy slices of fennel and lettuce but what I got was soggy and bland.
4	I knew of Cafe Boa for a while now but didn't know much about it, and didn't really think about trying it until I stumbled across an article in the College Times.  It was about "locavores" and one of the people focused on was the Execute Chef at Cafe Boa.  After seeing that local products are emphasized by him, and his menu I figured I needed to try this place out.It was a tad fancier and pricier than I was expecting.  A place with the name Cafe in it should have fairly inexpensive meals.  But, this is not the case here.  However, the food was well worth the price.  If you don't appreciate high quality ingredients like, freshly made pasta, wild caught fish, or grass fed meat then you may not get the same value out of the meal as someone who does.  An honest review should be pointing this out instead of just complaining about the price.    We had a Mozzarella, marinated peppers, and crostini appetizer.  Locally sourced milk that they use to make their own mozzarella.  It was all very tasty.  For our entrees I had a putanesca pasta with added shrimp.  The gf had the gnocchi with added goat cheese.  Both were DELICIOUS.  All of their ingredients are top notch and well worth the extra buck they may cost.  Portions are a decent size and we had plenty to take home with us.I went in expecting a quaint little cafe and was treated to a fantastic meal that exceeded my expectations.  They wine list is quite long and their seasonal menu should make each visit a unique one.  It may not be a weekly spot to grab a bite but when if I want a place for a nice meal, this will always be in the running.
4	We go for happy hour.  I've been for dinner before and enjoyed it - but happy hour is what keeps us coming back.The drink list is intriguing, and I've enjoyed trying new cocktails.  Think it is $2 off normal prices during HH.  The wine list is quite tasty, and glasses of wine (the ones less than $10) are half off.  Hard to beat when you can get a very nice glass of wine for $3.25-$4.  We've asked for recommendations before, and the waiters/bartenders have never steered us wrong.  They give good, accurate descriptions of each one.  I don't know a ton about wine (aside from knowing that I enjoy it), so I always ask.  Last night the waiter described one as "fairly light, very earthy...just really good."  It came, I sampled it.  I wouldn't have thought to call it earthy before (like I said, I don't know a ton about wine...so I don't know all the words).  But that is *exactly* what it was.  It was light, it was definitely earthy.  I loved it.  For appetizers, the prosciutto is delicious, if you like that sort of thing.  Very simple presentation with super-thin shavings of the prosciutto, comes on a cutting board with cracker, some sort of delicious sweet sauce and lettuce (arugula, maybe?).  Very tasty if a small bite.  The bruschetta was nice as well - the cherries were sweet and tasty with just the right amount of balsamic on them.The highlight, as it always is for us...the shrimp adriatica (sp?).  It's delicious bites of shrimp in the most wonderful, garlicky reddish sauce.  The shrimp is good, the sauce is amazing.  We always get extra bread and soak up every last drop of garlicky goodness.
2	Somewhat over-priced and pretty average.Spagetti and meatballs for 18......no salad etc......Setting inside is very pretty......great looking.Service was decent.We all had one drink and entree......$120.At those prices average doesn't cut it in my book.
2	Overpriced, overhyped, and completely underwhelming. The much ballyhooed sangria is suspiciously reminiscent of the Livingston kind you can get by the 1.5 L bottle at Wal-mart for $5.97. Don't get me wrong: I am fond of said sangria, but cheap and voluminous is on its side. Caffe Boa sangria is $5 or $6 a glass, which is mostly ice, with an afterthought of an orange slice and a sorry maraschino cherry. (To be fair, the second glass we had at the dinner table had a few token blueberries and a strawberry chunk tossed in for good measure.) The menu is kind of limited. Not an overabundance of options for your vegetarian friends. The pastas start at $13 and I saw something likely involving a steak at the $31 mark. Wooooo! I thought I was on Mill Avenue...? The crowd of extremely trashed and screaming college kids at the bar reaffirmed this, and I am really not so down with paying Scottsdale prices for a squealing co-ed experience. I had a salad with sad, droopy leaves and too few chunks of feta and spicy pecans to break up the soggy monotony. The bread that comes out before was tasty, but the accompanying sauces disappointingly bland. The only partially saving grace was the bruschetta, although I could have done without the drizzle of syrupy balsamic, which overpowered the fresh tomatoes with sweetness.We didn't even stay for dessert, and for us, that says a lot. Total mediocrity, across the board.
4	Excellent place.  Warm brick walls.  Very knowledgeable foodie-waitress.  Great selection of small plates nicely presented and extensive wine list.  Will def go back numerous times!
1	This place sucks. The food tasted like  glue. On top of the fact that they didn't want to seat me in an empty restaurant that never came close to filling. Over price d!!!
4	For several years, Cafe Boa was a go-to lunch spot of mine on Mill because it was relatively close to where I worked. Why did I go here so much? Two reasons: great salads and an adorable atmosphere filled with some character. If you are here for lunch and need to get in and out, they are very accommodating. I've been able to have a nice meal and be out within the hour. And for those with strict lunch hours, timing is incredibly important! If you're looking for a leisurely lunch to catch up with friends and enjoy a nice salad or sandwich and relax, this is your place too. It's a good mix of both. They have some of the best balsamic around and I love the salad & panini combo. A couple of years ago, I hosted a work baby shower for my sister here. I reserved the back room where roughly 20 people could fit in a long family-style table. The service was seamless and the worst part with a big group -- the bill -- wasn't in fact so bad here! It was great that I could have a small party without the cost of renting out a space and the service and food was tasty!Cafe Boa's HH, wine specials and specialty meals are a plus in my book. I'm on their email list and I constantly see deals coming in for a special meal program. Now that I don't work around here as much, I need to find more excuses to find my way there!
4	What a great spot! We were in town visiting and stumbled along this charming outdoor seating restaurant. The menu was excellent with many locally sourced food and seasonal selections. The wine list is fantastic. I still remember the bottle of Batic we shared at the table and then after strolling around we came back for a glass of port. If I ever get back to Phoenix I want to visit this place again.
3	My oh my, I expected sooo much better out of you...Spent last saturday night at Cafe Boa and was extremely underwhelmed. Bruschetta was not on par with the price tag associated with the dish. Waited upwards of 45 minutes for my food. My spicy dish pasta was quite tasty but again, nowhere near what I paid for the above-AVERAGE entree. Hoping to at least salvage my dinner night, I ordered the cabernet at the recommendation of our waitress and again, not on par for what I would expect for the amount of money I dished out for the entire meal. Positives included the overall atmosphere, interior decor and waitresses/servers. This feels like a spot that might be a little bit more succesfull if they offered legit Happy Hour or Weekday specials.. It might take some of the sting out of spending 9$ for a dryyyyyy cabernet, 16$ for a so-so pasta, etc.
3	After contemplating several restaurants to dine in before heading to Gammage the other night, I finally settled on trying out Caffe Boa. I've been intrigued ever since the Easter incident, and I've seen Chef P on tv a few times and his food always looks great. So I thought what the hey, let's give it a whirl.We're seated right away as I made a reservation, expecting it to be very busy with shows going on at Gammage. We place our drink orders right away. However, it took almost 30 minutes for our drinks to come out and I was told it was due to a heavy load of drinks ordered. I didn't think it was that busy to pour two glasses of wine. It also seemed that our waitress was very distracted and inattentive at first. This is my only complaint of the evening. We received our food very quickly after it was ordered and our waitress was more attentive after the wine debacle. And luckily we were out the door  in time to make the our show.Our group decided to order three appetizers and two entrees to split so we could try a few things. We ordered the French fries with aioli dipping sauce. The fries were pretty good and the sauce was delicious. We also ordered the warm pulled mozzarella, which was superb. But I love anything with fresh mozzarella. And the third appetizer was the Shrimp Adriatico which was also very good. The sauce that it came with was so good that we asked for extra flat bread to sop it up with!For entrees we ordered the Lobster ravioli, which I thought had a great flavor and I really loved the large chunks of lobster inside the ravioli. I think the portion was a little small, so if you order it, you will definitely want an appetizer as well. And then we also tried the fried chicken. The chicken was very moist and perfectly cook inside, but I would have liked it a little crispier on the outside. But overall, I thought it was very good.So despite the slow start, I think we had a pretty good experience at Caffe Boa.
4	Thanks to the wondeful folks at Groupon tried Caffe Boa.  I had to say I am eager to return.  The decor and atmospher is very cosmo and open, there are plenty of intimate tables and those for larger groups.  Our waiter was very friendly and we received our drinks within a short period of time.  We were also seated fairly quickly.  The appetizer caesar salad was ok, the bread with sauce was much better.  I liked the basket approach.  I ordered their version of the fried chicken which had a bean salad type side dish.  Very very good.  I look forward to trying the brunch, I wish they had a location in Central Phoenix.  The music was also very urban.  I thought this was a great date dinner setting.   Thanks Caffe Boa
2	I've had Cafe Boa over the years and have never been too enthusiastic about their food.  Last night I gave them another chance and it really will be the last time I go back unless it is only for drinks/appetizers for happy hour.I had the seafood ravioli which consisted of five or six small raviolis filled with a mix of seafood.  They were not stuffed full of seafood, they had some seafood.  The sauce was overpoweringly salty and just didn't taste great for the $22 price.  I had initially thought that the price would mean it would be tasty and be of decent proportions.  I should have remembered my previous experiences with this place.  You do not get what you pay for here.  The wine was decent (Malbec from Napa) and the appetizer was small and overpriced as well.Never say never, but I'm really trying to say never again to Cafe Boa.
4	Happy Hour ReviewTerrific happy hour with a nice selection of half-price wines by the glass and half-price appetizers.Cafe Boa is a quiet oasis on Mill Ave.  We really liked the ambiance.  The restaurant has high ceilings and a kind of European/Viennese atmosphere that is charming and comfortable. We had the mussels and a pasta dish, both of which were excellent and quite a bargain at about 7 bucks each.  Some interesting eastern European wines and a super-friendly staff.  We'll be back!
2	So I usually do not write a review unless I have something nice to say, but I'd like to corroborate all of the negative comments on here by agreeing that Cafe Boa made a wrong turn somewhere.  For years I ate here about once a month; I found the food to be delicious and for the most part the service was always decent.  I was surprised to see that they had completely changed their menu, and I was willing to give it a try, I had faith.  The overpriced pasta I had was tasty, but I was certainly still very hungry after finishing it.  I understand that pasta is traditionally a mid-course in many fine dining restaurants, and that it is not always large in size, but after serving hearty portions of pasta for years and years, to completely change your concept by giving us less food for more money seems pretty unintelligent, especially in an economic slump.  I have also noticed that the service has slipped here, once enthusiastic and unique, everyone seems kind of sad to be there.  Maybe I'll return someday..
4	I've always loved Caffe Boa. It's a little expensive but I like the atmosphere a lot. They've got a decent happy hour and I like the cocktails they offer. Sometimes the service leaves a little bit to be desired but in all the times I've been here I'd say I'm well taken care of. I've also been to their brunch which I totally recommend. On Sunday's they do half price pitcher of Sangria which is a great idea for getting a couple friends together to hang out and enjoy the weather when it's nice. Definitely a place I'll miss.
5	Bravo! We've cried about the menu changes; and you've listened to our weeping. The new menu is back and better than ever! With the fervent commitment to local and fresh, the pasta dishes are back! Note to fellow diners: the 'half portions' will only get you a ' taste'- as in 5 ravioli's, so you should order the full portion if you are looking at the ravioli. Another note: Their online menu does not do the daily menu justice. There were about 4 different ravioli dishes on the menu, none of which were included on their lunch online menu. So, don't take my word for it- if Cafe Boa was a past favorite, you'll be pleased that they did bring pasta back in a new and re invented way....Now, as a small request: can we please get back the butternut squash ravioli? (it was a personal favorite).
4	May I just say that I had the best Bruschetta in my life at Caffe Boa?  I inhaled them!  It's the soft ciabatta that I preferred really did the trick.I also ordered the daily special crab salad.  The idea was great with local grown micro greens.  Unfortunately the leaves were welted so the plate looked really sad.I really liked the openness and the wooden floor.  The waiter is attentive but a little green.  Overall a good experience and I will be back for the bruschetta :)
4	I never wrote a review of Caffe Boa before Payton Curry took over, because I didn't have much to say.  It had a great atmosphere and a great location, but the food was usually close to forgettable - not so bad you felt ripped off, but not so good you would get a rumble all up in your belly-space when you walked past.Yeah, this was the kind of ritzy joint that was the de facto special-event date place in college by dint of location.  However, with tickets to Beauty & the Beast at Gammage and a Groupon in tow, we decided to give the new menu a whirl.I gotta say, we were pitched a perfect game.  The shrimp adriatico had us sneaking finger dips into the leftover sauce it was so good - rich and vibrant, the shrimp cooked to smooth delectability.  The panzanella was the best-presented salad I've seen in my life, the croutons were delectable, the proportions were spot on, and the greens tasted fresh.  The tajarin was also a lesson on balance - not too creamy, not too rich.I can't say I would've recommended the old spot to anyone but an ASU kid without a car, especially with La Bocca right down the street, but now, yeah.  Way to go, Sir Curry.
2	We went to Caffe Boa with a friend who raved about the place and said everything he's ever had there was great. We arrived for our reservation on time, and were seated immediately.  However, no one came to greet us.  After 15 minutes of waiting, we asked someone if we could please have a server.  She didn't apologize for the situation. She just said she would find someone.  Five to ten minutes later, a server finally showed up with an excuse (not an apology) that he was opening some bottles of wine for some other tables - as if we should understand. We ordered our meals, then 10 to 15 min later, the server came back to tell us that they were out of shrimp, so my friend had to change his order to something he ended up hating.  The food took forever, so in the meantime we asked for some more bread and another beer.  We also asked for some balsamic vinegar and olive oil to go with the bread, since that is what my friend said he has every time he goes, and that is what normally comes with the bread.  We eventually got the beer but no bread.  Had to ask again for bread and the server said they were baking more.  Could he not have mentioned that before we had to ask again?  We got the braised short rib pasta (which was bad) and the seafood ravioli (which was good).  I would have ordered something for dessert, but I make it my policy not to order dessert and sink more money into a restaurant if I don't like it.  When the bill came, they ended up charging us $1.50 for the balsamic vinegar.  You'd think after the long wait to begin with, slow service and lack of shrimp, they could just throw in a few drops of balsamic vinegar for free...but no.  We just wanted to get out of there.  I will not go there again. The only good thing was the ambiance.
4	Caffe Boa is one of my favorite restaurants in all of Tempe.  It's a shame I've never really had great, attentive service here, because otherwise, I think I might've given this review 5 stars.Besides the mediocre service, I love the vibe given off by the decor and the menu is very unique and delicious.  I had the Maccaroncello (braised rabbit) once, and it was outstanding!  I've never had such a complex and amazing pasta dish before.My favorite reason to go here is with a small group of friends/couples.  The ambiance encourages fun and engaging conversations.
4	It took me a while to make my way to Caffe Boa, but I finally did it.  I went for dinner last night with my husband and brother, and we were all impressed!  (We were huge Payton Curry fans when he was at Digestif so I don't know why it took us so long to go see his new home).Despite calling ahead, and several tables appearing open in the dining room, we were sent to the bar when we arrived and told it would be "just a few minutes."  I was ok with that, especially once I had a delicious glass of malbec in my hand!  We were seated about ten or fifteen minutes later, and we must've hit the jackpot because Trevor was our server and he was attentive, friendly, and not afraid to make recommendations.The boys and I had different menu items in mind, so they shared a ton of things (fries and bolgnese as appetizers, a special mangalitsa head cheese as the next course, and then linguini, and quail entrees).  I tried almost all of their courses and ordered the day boat fish, which was sole in parchment paper served with quinoa, as my entree.  My fish was delicious, and quite a large portion too.  So was everything else I tasted except for the head cheese... Sorry Chef, but that was not my cup of tea... it's just not for everyone, I guess!We were all stuffed but managed to share dessert which included an incredible pumpkin macaroon, something chocolate, and caramel corn with fleur de sel.  I let the boys take down the macaroon and chocolate and I enjoyed every morsel of the popcorn!Will definitely be back on a Saturday or Sunday to take advantage of CB's bottomless mimosas / bellinis.
4	great sangria and the caprese salad is fantastic...always!  nice atmostphere that can handle both fun and intimate.  Overall thumbs up, this place is a must go to on Mill Ave...
2	We went here the our 10th anniversary (of the day we met) and were very disappointed.1. We made a reservation and had to fight with the guy. They didnt have the time we wanted so we just said we would come in another time. Then all of the sudden, he did have the time. 2. When we got there we were told they needed a few minutes to get out table ready, and that we should hang out in the bar and get a drink while we waited. We walk in and half the tables in the place are empty. We waited 15 minutes in the bar watching the fact that every group the hostess seated was sitting in the bar also. Total Scam. They're trying to get your bill up with alcohol sales. 3. Service was good at first.4. We split a side salad, which basically consisted of eight whole leaves of green lettuces on a plate. It was $9.5. It took about 30 minutes fr our food to arrive, all the while the chef is yakking it up with the next table over, dropping the F bomb left and right, and talking about getting high. 6. I ordered the seafood ravioli. It was tiny, about 6 small pieces, and tasted GROSS. The sauce reminded me of salt and vinegar chips. 7. My husband ordered the toasted gnocchi. The pork portion was about 1/2 fat and was also about 2 inches cubed. The 10 little tine gnocchi tasted ok, but the chopped vegetable based was undercooked and the broth was so salty it was inedible. 8 . When we were ready to leave, it took 10 minutes for our bill to arrive. We will NEVER go back. Over priced, disgusting scam.
2	I no like.Will not return.Ordered the lobster bisque, and was served a cup of what could only be described as lobster gravy.  Gross.  Then ordered the sweetbreads fettucine.  BLAND!  SO SO SO SO SO boring.  Not impressed, at all.
2	So expensive and unsatisfying.  If it wasn't because my options were limited on Thanksgiving, I would've never given Caffe Boa a chance.  But I was desperate and hungry so Caffe Boa was the first of our string of disappointing dining experiences in Central Arizona.Ok, I've had worse but I've definitely also eaten far better food in my life.  The best part of the meal was the free bread. It was actually very good and the dipping sauces (especially the chipotle one) were tasty.We ordered the Shrimp Adriatico ($10) to start.  As far as paid dishes go, the appetizer was the best thing we got.  The sauce was marinara-esque with a tang.  If you don't like acidity, you will not like this. The flatbread was delicious and it's also fun to soak up the sauce with the complimentary regular bread as well. We also ordered Lobster Ravioli ($22), Angus Burger ($16), and Voodoo Penne ($8 half portion).   The Lobster Ravioli may be the most overpriced, overrated dish on the menu.  Are you serious?  $22 for 5 tiny ravioli?  I would love to see what a half portion is.  What's worse is that the filling tasted like imitation crab.  It was the worst thing on the table. You would think a burger is a safe bet but nope, not the case either.  I know we didn't ask for well-done but the burger, bun and fries came out beyond well-done.  Everything was charred.  $16 for a burger is more than I'd pay for most "gourmet" burgers in LA. Finally, let's talk about the Voodoo Penne.  This was actually an excellent value compared to everything else.  A half portion is more than enough for the average individual for lunch.  At only $8, that's pretty good.  Too bad the pasta tasted very average - kind of like the type of pasta I can make at home in 10 minutes.It was 1:30pm on Thanksgiving and there were only 2 other tables of people at the restaurant. You would think that if there are 2 servers for only 3 tables of patrons, the service would be excellent.  Instead, the servers often mysteriously disappeared for 5 or 10 minutes at a time.  My friends did ask for a lot of hot water with lemon and honey.  We appreciate all of the free lemon slices, honey, and bread we received. Unfortunately, that was the highlight of our meal.
5	Love this place.  Come here every time I am in town and never dissapointed.  Cozy, modern atmosphere and styling.  Very hip and current scene and people.  Loved the wine list which pairs very well with the carefully selected seasonal and fresh menu.  I had the pulled mozzarella appetizer - unbelievably good - the cheese is ooey, gooey and the crispy bread and smoky tapenade provide the perfect texture and components for balance.  Chef Payton Curry is very imaginative and creative with his dishes - there is something new and uniquely delicious every time I come.  For main course I had the Toasted Gnocci with crispy pork belly.  Very fall, very flavorful and rich without being heavy.  Delicious!  Can't recommend this place enough if you want to try something different and cultured in downtown Tempe.
5	Wait, what? Caffe Boa, you won me back? After all these years? It's true. The last few times I've been here, I learn more about the new exec chef, who stresses local, local, local, sustainable, organic ingredients. Love that. Yes, the menu has changed quite a bit (even physically, eff that leather-bound monstrosity of wine and food). A simple, seasonal menu is offered with a few familiar faces (Voodoo Penne, for example). WINBut! My favorite parts are back: the killer happy hour! 7 days a week (plus the always amazing half-off sangria pitchers on Sundays) which allow for $2 off signature cocktails (which right now includes holiday yummers like Maker's Mark infused cider [The Hayride] and Butterfinger rum-laced amaretto, dark chocolate cacao nonsense thingy [The Nutcracker]) as well as half off glasses of wine that are under $10 and $2 off drafts from 4-7. A fantastic HH will win me over every time. WIN.Also, their service has always impressed and that hasn't changed, even in the interim CB and I were on the outs. Always a shout out to the cool-but-never-too-cool servers and bar tenders. These guys and gals have always been fun, friendly and on point. WINAnd, one of my most favorite parts of the last few times I stopped in: the music selection. I loved it so much that every time I've asked if it was a Pandora station and if so what is it. Current, mellow, cool, edgy and classy -- sounds impossible but is not. WINWINWIN!So: go. Sit in the bar area (even if you're dining). Go now and enjoy the beautiful xmas tree. Chat up your server and/or bar tender. You won't regret it.
2	I went here for "brunch" on Sunday.  A few things pissed me off because I absolutely love this place for dinner.* the patio was almost empty yet they sat us almost on top of another group* they were completely out of fruit* coffee is $4 and little mimosas are $8Because I love coming here for dinner I expected and was almost ok with being financially raped because the food is very good.  However, I think their brunch is just a half-assed attempt to make money before dinner time.  The "brunch" food was ok although it was nothing special or memorable.  I relate it to Scottsdale hotel room-service fare without the $17 bowl of cereal or $20 bagel.If I'm going to have "brunch" aka breakfast and lunch in one meal, I think it should be something substantial.  A buffet perhaps?  I think Caffe Boa should stop using the term "brunch" and start to say "now we have eggs AND salad all on one menu".
1	Failed attempt at good cuisine. The chef must be drunk or something. Only place in the city to get rabbit but very poorly done. A waste.
1	What happened to Caffe Boa?  Gone are the days of the extravagant menu with oddities, including beats that were pallatelable.  A true miracle occurred on that day at Caffe Boa when I ate a beat with gourmet cheese and liked it.  Now you get a one pager with limited vegetarian options, which is really more of a problem for my wife and kid than for me, but that's two out of three of the family.  We arrived after watching a show at the Gammage, which I have learned is a mistake.  The restaurant was less then 2/3rds full, and I didn't have to feel bad about saying that we didn't need a reservation.  Over an hour later the restaurant was full and our food arrived.  Did I mention that grandma was with us and I have a kid, but let me back up a bit.  So we were told that just about any of the entrees could be made vegetarian.  Against her better judgment, my wife went along with this statement as there really wasn't any other option unless she wanted a kid's meal.  So it is over an hour later and her food has MEAT in it.  One of our bastions of vegetarianism . . . gone.  Gone!!  Gone, I tell you.  So, I, grandma, and the kid enjoy our meals with a fuming mommy and then leave as other people lodge complaints with the servers about the poor service.
4	I've been a fan of Cafe Boa since it was located in a small cozy spot on Mill Avenue right by the old Long Wongs. After all the years of popularity and craze, I am happy to see it grow into a larger location and add an East Mesa location to its family. I was sad to see the old menu go, since my favorite dish "El Greco" is no longer on the new menu. I still come here to explore new dishes. Every ingredient is fresh and every bite is flavorful. I will definitely be back again, and again!
3	This was my second time in for lunch.  The first time was during the Tempe Arts Festival and I excused the long wait for our food.  The wine is served quickly but food moves slowly.  I love the ambiance.  It doesn't seem like we are in Tempe. The restaurant has the feel of an old building in in a far off Eastern city.  I knew we were in trouble when the table next to us, seated before us, said "All we want is our grub."
3	I absolutely love this place... but also have a love-hate relationship going (read far bottom). The food is amazing. Two words: FALL PANZANELLA. But, that said... you are in downtown Tempe! Next to ASU! College kids aren't loaded! This is some PRICEY food for the portions you get. They are locally grown, organic, etc etc etc, I know, but.... come on.I think Caffe Boa should perhaps look into some slightly more budget friendly options (or greatly improve the lunch menu and lower prices to perhaps get a few more of the daddy-didn't-buy-me-a-sportscar-at-16 college crowd in). All my friends, acquaintances, and people I pass on the street are getting tired of me harassing them to join Groupon and buy me the max every time Caffe Boa is featured at $20 for $40 worth of food (which is rare anyways!). Offer some specials, make Sunday evening half off appetizers or SOMETHING.I adore a lot of their food. Really, it's absolutely amazing... perfect texture contrast, tastes melding in your mouth... fresh. Some of it, I wouldn't eat again... mainly because it's not my flavor. Won't name names because I think others who like those flavors would still love it, and it's an excellent dish for them. Prepare for interesting, unique flavors that you may not always love, but will always be intrigued by.My one and only last gripe (beyond price), is that I LOVE MUSHROOMS. Caffe Boa always has some new, special, odd mushroom which I always add onto my dinner, and they always tell me "Hey, it's $9 bucks but worth it" beforehand. The very first time I went, I got plain mushrooms, which were a free add on. The last time I went, I told them I wanted to add on plain old mushrooms, as I had already tried the only exotic they had in. I even asked how much that would be, but the excited waiter was so busy rambling on about wine, he pretty much ignored that and never responded to me. No warning about price.They still tacked $9 onto the bill for what ended up being a grand total of THREE (yes, 3) plain, old, small mushroom caps. I might not be so mad if they hadn't tasted like cr*p as well. They were the most bland, plain, blah, nothing mushrooms I have ever tasted. In fact, they are the only mushrooms I have ever met that I didn't love. If you buy some WalMart has marked down to 99 cents because they are getting some mystery brown spots, have a 7-year-old who had never touched a stove before throw them in a pan and cook them up (without washing them first even), they would STILL taste better. And they cost $3 per small cap. I got absolutely ROBBED. I haven't been back since that incident, though my boyfriend has tried to take me there 3 months in a row now.So, I love this place, but occasionally it gets a little too artsy fartsy for me. I'm studying Math. My boyfriend is studying Physics. We are obviously not the most trendy people on the face of the planet. We're pretty practical and logical... which usually makes this place out of our budget (and if they keep charging me an extra $9 for something terrible, it will certainly stay out of our budget). The ambiance is great. The music is great. Go in, check it out. You'll feel like one of the cool kids. It's a trendy place (though surprisingly they don't seem to look down on my when I roam in wearing worn, ragged short shorts and a T shirt... hey, it's all the same 25% tip!).MORAL OF THE STORY IS: If you care how much you spend, ALWAYS ask how much an add on will be... more than once. Until you get a definitive answer. Go, relax, enjoy... but bring your wallet.-Jessica
4	One of the best places on Mill Avenue.  Sophisticated food using local ingredients.  From the bread to the dessert, you will not be disappointed.  It's a good place for a business lunch or a romantic dinner.  The specials are worth trying no matter they are.
1	Went as a group of 9 to kick off a fun night on Mill. I don't know who suggested it but my girlfriend and I had no say in the matter. (I would've been fine with Five Guys.) So we show up at Caffe Boa and it looks great - the decor is nice, there are a lot of people there, all signs are good so far.Then we sit down and take a peak at the menu - everything seems very overpriced, but being the optimistic type, I assume this means it will be really good. Well, you know what they say about making assumptions...For a drink I ordered a Sugarfree Vodka Red Bull. Nothing too special, so it's relatively hard to screw up. Somehow, they managed to. The ratio was entirely off and I ended up with a bitter glass of ice and vodka that barely tasted like Red Bull. If I wanted to get screwed up it would have been great but that's what the rest of the night on Mill was for.Then came dinner. Girlfriend and I were a bit hungry, but probably not hungry enough to eat what had been described as "huge portions," so we decided to split. A seafood lover at heart, I suggested we try the scallop/lobster/crab ravioli. I have a feeling if I had ordered something else, this would be a very different review.What arrived at the table, next to huge dishes of pasta that almost nobody managed to finish, was a dish with five raviolis in it. FIVE. The dish was $22 so for those too lazy to do the math, that's $4.40 per ravioli. Between the two of us - that's 2.5 raviolis each. "What," I believe was the first reaction to the dainty portion.I could have literally bought two cans of Chef Boyardee for that amount. And upon tasting Caffe Boa's seafood ravioli, it was clear the Boyardee would have been more satisfying. If I had been there alone, this would not have been such a sour experience, but getting to watch our friends dig in to what appeared to be much more savory dishes and not even finish them was heart-wrenching for a food lover like myself.We ate the raviolis in a fraction of the time it took everyone to "finish" their dish. And by finish, I mean eat as much as they could, wave a small white flag, and request a box for leftovers. Everyone else appeared to enjoy their food but from a taste standpoint, a portion standpoint, and a logic standpoint, the ravioli shouldn't even be an option on the menu. Substantially less food than the other menu items would only make sense if it was delicious, and it wasn't. I've never disliked lobster or scallops like that.Certainly an experience I don't want to repeat. If I could ever fathom making a return trip, I obviously wouldn't be having the ravioli. What makes me the most angry, though - we told the waiter we were going to split. Why didn't he warn us we were paying $22 for less than half an (unappetizing) appetizer?Overpriced is something you earn. Caffe Boa has not earned this distinction.
3	Great food for me, but not for my veggie companion.  Caffe Boa has changed a lot over the years, and has gone from a veggie-friendly, reasonably-priced boutique on Mill to a Culinary Institute boilerplate, expensive sort of haute American cuisine place.  If that's what you want, you'll find it here, done well.
4	This Italian eatery has very unique offerings that set it apart from traditional Italian places. People commenting about the price should just eat elsewhere. Please note this is a high end restaurant on Mill so, yes, you will have a substantial tab. But the wine list is superb and the food is unique. Great place for a date in Tempe. Tempe lacks many romantic places..... But this is a good option.
4	good food, great service, very cozy atomosphere... I just need to branch out and try more of the menu! :)
4	Despite all the items that they were out of. The lack of water in our glasses and the entrees arriving while we were still eating appetizers :(  We had a great time at caffe boa. The bar staff were very friendly and our server was okay. The food was good enough to overshadow the few service missteps. We definitely will go back!
5	This is the next restaurant that you must try!  Hands down, Cafe Boa is the quintessential place to enjoy very delicious food and your friends and family all at the same time.  The atmosphere is very comfortable, the bar is well-stocked with solid brews, and the staff are fantastic.  Jesse, behind the bar, is a true professional.  Every single time I've landed at the bar in Boa's, Jesse has made me feel right at home and always has the best suggestions.  I have eaten at Boa's many times, so this isn't just a one time deal - this joint performs!I've eaten several things on the menu - any pasta is certainly worth every bite and the Lamb Porterhouse is worth every penny and then some!  Delicious, delicious, delicious!That's it.  Cafe Boa's is for you.  Esthetically pleasing and consistently delicious!  Check 'em out!
3	Overall an interesting meal. Wanted to rate this higher, but there were some hiccups here (more to follow...).  My wife and I are both foodies. We go out at least one time a week with the kids, and at least one time a month as a couple to higher end restaurants. So across our experiences we both agree that first of all - the food was great! Really fresh ingredients, creative execution, interesting dishes - exactly what you would expect from Payton Curry, one of the most creative talents in the Valley. The wine list - superb! We found many favorite varietals and also had some very good wines from all over the world: Croatian reds, Spanish, Argentine, German and solid French and Napa selections. Our meal was excellent.Now, several reviews here complain on price - this is silly. This is a nice restaurant, not casual dining. Cafe Boa is on par with nice Phoenix and Scottsdale restaurants. A little pricey for college students? Yeah, maybe, but really no different than House of Tricks down the street. Entrees ranged from $16 - 20 for pasta dishes and $20 - $30 for meat/grilled Mains. Perfectly moderate pricing for a nicer restaurant in AZ.Now the mixed part: something was really off on service. We literally had to wait almost an hour for our appetizers, salads and bread. A real stress. The whole waitstaff just seemed off. When we spoke up assurances came - food didn't. We finally got attention from the manager, who was incredibly gracious and apologetic - really kind, understanding and top-notch response. She explained that the huge rush this weekend with PF Changs had thrown them for a loop. To be fair, others around us didn't seem to suffer the same lag in service - we were just the unlucky table for the evening, whose ticket kept getting missed. A little odd, yes, but she really went beyond expectations to make us feel better - She comped most all of our really excellent food/wine. Incredibly generous, and well beyond what any restaurant would do to make good!Would I recommend Cafe Boa? Yes, on food alone, fantastic. Could not be any more pleased. Service, well, it could be a challenge - so don't expect a quick meal, but then again fine dining should be a experience, not a rush. Just have another wine and enjoy your leisurely date. And hopefully nothing goes wrong with the waitstaff/kitchen dynamic. I would be surprised if your luck was as poor as ours - and I can't imagine such a graciously generous response as we had from the manager. She was incredibly nice. The great food and response to our problems were highly professional and appreciated. This is a top notch place!
4	Still a wonderful place after all these years.  I have been gong there since I was in college. While it has changed alot....it has evolved into a wonderful restaurant.  We ate there last weekend and not only got a fabulous meal and wine, but we got a free dramatic show as well. Head Chef Payton Curry blew up and stormed out of the kitchen...Very HGTV of him and is was hilarious and very cryptic..... Well played Cafe Boa! see you again soon
2	I LOVE-LOVE-LOVE Cafe Boa! I have been coming here for 5 years. They usually have excellent menu options, fabulous service and healthy alternatives. So I figured that it would be a great place to take my out of town friends for a nice dinner. However, my visit over the weekend was less than good. Not great, good! The server was really slow. It took at least 15 minutes to get our cocktails and it wasn't like they were super busy or anything. It was a Sunday night!  There wasn't much in the way for vegetarian options on their current menu. Most items contained beef or pork of some sort. They were out of the wedge salad. Two of us ordered the fettucini and it was WAY too oily. Neither of us wanted to finish the dish. I think a bit of a sauce would have greatly improved this dish. One of us ordered the penne, which would have been good, had it not been so incredibly spicy. Our mouths are still burning! And our other friend ordered the fried chicken. It was probably the best option any of us had ordered, although from across the table I could see that I was probably left in the fryer just a tad too long. Our appetizers were probably the best things we all ordered. Had we just left it at that, our experience may have been better. It's probably going to be a while til I return, hopefully then they will have the issues worked out.
2	I was really looking forward to going to Caffe (Cafe?) Boa on Mill yesterday. I loved that they try to buy local and sustainable foods/products, so major kudos for that. I also loved the atmosphere. Exposed brick walls, tall windows, good lighting, cute patio. So why the low stars? For the price I just expected better. I had the risotto, which sounded really good, but I didn't really enjoy it. Also, my friend is a strict vegetarian and was told that the chef will not make any substitutions or changes to menu items, not even putting an item on the side. That just annoys me. I get that some chefs view their dishes as works of art and are insulted at the idea of altering (plus changes can definitely mean extra work for the kitchen). But i know people who have worked in the food industry who say that they want their customers to have a pleasant experience and enjoy their food and are happy to adjust as needed. I'd be open to giving Caffe Boa another shot, but so far it's a "meh" on my list.
5	Hands down the best gluten free pasta I've ever had.  I accidentally discovered this place when I was in Tempe for a week long training class.  I was staying at the Marriott just off Mill and wandered down Mill Ave looking for dinner one evening.  As I'm too old for most happy hour specials and was alone, the quieter side street and excellent wine list appealed to me and my kindle.  Despite it being Italian, I figured I could order a salad and enjoy a quiet dinner with a class of wine.  Imagine my surprise when, upon relaying my various food allergies to the waiter, he informed me that they had gluten free pasta!  I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.  I finished the entire dish (it was huge) and dragged my husband back here when we were in the Phoenix area a few months later!We'll definitely be back, and if you are gluten free I highly recommend a visit to indulge in some pasta. It's worth driving up from Tucson!
1	So, I returned. Wow, this winter menu sucks. I will not go back.Technical difficulties. When I was finished, all systems were down and I had to wait to pay. It would have been nice if my waiter had told me this during the half hour I sat there agitated and kept asking for the check. Before finally manually taking my credit card info.BUT MY HUGEST GRIPE:I had the Farro Risotto (Foraged Winter Mushrooms, Stracchino Cheese, Green Garlic $16 + Wild Shrimp add on for $5 more). It tasted like... how can I accurately describe this?You know how after you're sick to your stomach and you vomit, you get *that* breath? You can taste it, smell it, and it makes you cringe. It's vomit breath.Well, my risotto TASTED like what vomit breath SMELLS like. It was pretty much VOMIT BREATH OATMEAL with four delicious tiny shrimp, whose taste was miraculously unmarred by the vomit concoction that was my anniversary dinner.Honestly, I ate bread to fill myself up. I didn't want to send back my food (though I did complain about it, but my waiter didn't really even notice anyways). I took over half of my meal home to feed to my roommates as a cruel prank, since they were jealous they couldn't go with us to eat at Caffe Boa... imagine it. "Yeah it was awesome! I brought some leftovers home... you want some?"One of them actually vomited. The other dry heaved for half an hour and lost his appetite. And, all of my leftovers (minus those two bites) are stinking up my fridge.Yeah, the roommate torture part was hilarious (they now hate me, ha ha ha ha)... but Caffe Boa lost a loyal customer.Actually 4, after you count my roommates, boyfriend, and myself.And, there's still enough Risotto left in the fridge to taint at least a dozen more people against the place.This was Caffe Boa's last chance after my last visit there, and it was an epic fail. Someday a year or two from now, I MAY consider going back.... but I really doubt it.I'll miss it a bit... some of the food was amazing. But I don't give a place third and fourth chances, no matter how good it is on occasion.
4	This is a very late review, but one I just had to make.  I went here for dinner on new year's eve and it was excellent.  I have come to the conclusion that Caffe Boa is only really good for dinner in my humble opinion.  Everything I have ever tried here is top notch and awesome.  Plenty of rich flavor and sheer good-ness.  Although sometimes their menu scares me because of the prices or ingredients (braised lamb tongue anyone?); I am always surprised how good the food is.  Anyway, I had the linguini with braised shortribs and it was phenominal and will be added to my list of Caffe Boa favorites for sure!
4	The weather was perfect for outside seating, so that's just what I did.  Ordered sangria.  It was pretty and delicious.  Pretty delicious.Started off with a selection of three cheeses.  The one that stood out was the burrata.  Stringy and salty, and on the grilled bread they give you, was a perfect warm weather cheese (if there is such a thing).  Wish they gave more accompaniments.  Ordered the toasted gnocchi and boy were they delicious and RICH.  Also tried the wild game ravioli, which was a little gamey (made with caribou which I have never had), but beautifully cooked and in a light sauce.A little pricey for the portions sizes (I can't imagine what a half size would be), but it might just be because I am perpetually hungry.
3	Ok. So I went to the boa bistro a few months back and thought it was really not so good, but my dad wanted to go to caffe boa today and insisted that it was good, so i begrudgingly agreed. We got there at lunch time and we were the only people there. SO the service was a lot better at this location than the other, however we were the only people there so.....  We looked at the menu, and I just really wonder about some of their choices with ingredient combos... some things just don't taste good together, and those things seam to make up the majority of this place's menu. But anyway, we decided to split the caeser salad and the turkey sandwich. The salad was a little wilted and was not super exciting. The turkey sandwich was really good. It had tomatoes, greens, some pesto -y sauce... yum. So this is why I gave it three stars... still not a place i would go to regularly (especially after trying two of their not good pastas... yuck), but the sandwich was good, so there may be hope yet.
4	Don't confuse this restaurant with the one in Ahwatukee--they're nothing alike, thank goodness.  This place is located in the ASU Tempe campus area but is blessedly *not* a student hang out.  Since Chef Payton came on board recently, the quality of the food has gone from mostly good to consistently very good.  My only qualm (and it's a small one) is the three-dollar shared plate charge.  I find such fees incredibly tacky.The bar has always been great--excellent selection of wines (including those by the glass), very good happy hour prices.  Between 5pm and 7:30, the smallish bar area fills up with faculty and local business folks, so if you're hoping to grab a seat, come early. Alas, my favorite bartenders Matty and Jamie are no longer working there (the former moved to Postino, the latter out-of-state), but Ian is still on board and the other bartenders *seem* to be good, if not as interesting.  The last time I was there, one of the bartenders had to find another one to make my drink (a very simple champagne cocktail), so I think they still have some training to do.I haven't come for the Saturday INDULJ party brunches, which look incredibly pretentious (as its name would suggest) and cheesy.  The event bills itself as something to get dressed up for, but if you look at the photos on their FB page, you'll notice that the guys in attendance think that wifebeaters, tee shirts, jeans and sunglasses covers that.  That's okay, though, because the target audience for the event seems to be about 10 years younger than I am. (so I'm probably just being old and snobby)All in all, I generally love coming here after work.  Have a glass or three of wine, enjoy a half-price appetizer and some interesting chats with other guests.
3	Enjoyed brunch at this cute spot. Food was good, space was very pleasant.Service was very spotty, sustainability focus was taken to an eye-rolling extreme. Pricey for the area. Seriously, Manhattan prices in Tempe?
2	I wanted to like this place, I really did. It's kinda Euro cool and feels like it might be really unique. I love the old Tempe style tall brick walls and the clean interior design. We were greeted with a friendly smile and a "no worries" from our waitress. However, at that point, it went downhill so fast. First off, we ordered a couple of latte's, and found them to be lukewarm instead of hot (plus, they were all foam, which means the barman was having trouble with the difference between capuccino's and latte's). They remade them and we set about having a good time once again. But then, our waitress was noticeably absent most of the time. It took forever to order the food. Forever to get the food. Forever to get the bill. Just absolutely terrible service. Meanwhile, while we're doing all this waiting, there are three or four waitstaff and a manager hanging around and chatting by the cash register. I think this place has potential, but I would call my investment in Caffe Boa a disaster. We won't be back.
2	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):6 Food8 *Drinks*5 Service10 Atmosphere4 ValueHoly shit, thank god I had a Groupon for this one.As such, note that the above 2-star rating is *generous*.To start off on the good: The space is really really cute & comfortable.  The patio has lights and trellised flowers and the indoors is perfectly lit and just feels good.  The drinks were also really tasty, and the service was pleasant.However, despite all the pleasantness in the world, competence wasn't on the menu last night.  Among other things, i expect servers to a) take my order correctly, and b) know what menu items they are out of.Well, no such luck.Strike 1: Our server had to go check with the bar to see which "winter drinks" they were no longer making.  It was 7:30pm.  Do that before your shift starts, or maybe mgmt should update the menus, even if it's just with a sharpie.Strike 2: He almost brought me the wrong drink.  The only reason he didn't is because of the extra trip he made to tell us which drinks were actually available.  "Okay, so I'll go put in your X, and your Y [from his first trip] is in as well." -- "Um, I ordered a Z." -- "Oh, I'll go change that."Strike 3: When the appetizer came out, it didn't have the fried egg on top like we ordered.  It looked much different than I expected (which isn't a bad thing) so once I realized it was eggless, the food runner was gone, and 3 minutes passed and no sight of our server, so we just ate it.  He apologized and didn't charge us for the egg, which I don't expect took much effort because I doubt it was ever rung in in the first place.Strike 4: After taking our food order, he returned to the table to tell my girlfriend that they were out of the Fettuccine.  For the love of god, know that shit *AT* the table!!  This turned out to be a problem, because there aren't many vegetarian options on their menu.Which leads me to the food.  Why are there so few veggie options?  I'm not a veggie, but you should have a healthy selection of veggie options.  Some people need them, and some people just want them.  After getting my food, I was also amazed at how underwhelming it was considering the price.  People used to bitch that PastaBar was overpriced for what they got.  Have they ever been to Caffe Boa?  Caffe Boa's food was less filling, less flavorful, and more expensive than PastaBar's ever was.The only exception was dessert: a Tangelo & Honey Twinkie.  This tasted excellent... but was still an astounding $9.I was hoping that Caffe Boa would give me another reason to go to Mill, which I enjoy the liveliness of, but unfortunately not.  Thank god I had that Groupon....
2	Well my review is going to sound like all the others its seems... We went on Valentines day for lunch. Never been there before. Cute patio, beautiful decorating and design. The specialty drink list was on our table. My boyfriend and I thought we'd try the Feliz 13. Our server then informed us that there wasnt a bartender and that he would try to make it but no guarantees. No bartender on Valentines Day? No thanks. I stuck with the tastless "green tea". We were never offered the popular bread and hummus that I read about. Ordered the mussels for appetizer, waited an extremely long time, and upon arrival the mussels where dried out like they had been sitting under a heating lamp. I was excited to taste them because I love mussels... but no go. It tasted like old mayonaise melted in watered down butter. There were bits of orange peel, onion and red chili pepper in the sauce which was too much and I asked my self, "does the chef taste the food that hes making?" Our server never came back to ask if it was ok, and for the amount of time we waited for it, we were hungry so we ate it. Strike one. Then we ordered the over priced "greek salad"... Ok people.. Ive been to Greece twice. This was no "greek salad". It was pickled cucumbers mixed with shredded lettuce piled in a little ball on top of an old sour piece of purple cabbage with some kind of red pepper sauce on the side. It was so small we ate it in two bites and it tasted like store bought italian dressing. Server never checked on us again so we ate it hoping the meal would get better. Strike two... and im still hungry!Ok now we waited Id say about another 45 minutes for a pannini and the gnocchi. It said on the menu that they make all their pasta so I began to wonder if they were out in the back slaving over fresh pasta and baking the bread fresh in a brick oven like in italy....nope... when we finally were served our meal it was a big let down. By now weve sat for almost two hours and Im frikin starving... The gnocchi was in the same sauce as the mussels!!, flavorless, watery and cold. I really wanted to take it back to the kitchen and have Chef Payton (the prized Chef they brag about) taste it. Dont forget the pannini my boyfriend ordered...  it was burnt to hell..  The piece of bread on top was mildly burned but when he flipped it over it was completely burnt black!! One big piece of charcoal with a few slices of meat in the middle. Ive worked in the food industry for twenty years and would have NEVER served that to my customers! You always look at the food first before you serve it and ask yourself, "would I eat this?, "does this look right?" We flagged our server down and told him that it wasnt acceptable. He was concerned about it and immediately returned our food to the kitchen. Strike three... we were done at that point. I was still starving and now really frustrated. I looked at my boyfriend and said, " f this, lets go somewhere else". So I went to the hostess and asked for the manager. She gave me a blank look and said, "uuuughhhh"... what they dont have a manager either? Is he playing golf with the bartender today? I looked at her and said, "nevermind"... then I asked the next employee that walked by for the manager and she acted like it was an imposition. So we stood there and waited for someone to help us find the manager. Every employee we asked had no clue what to do. Then some woman approached us, who failed to introduce herself and stated that everyone was in a meeting with the owner of the building. She began arguing with us about the food. She asked us why we ate the first two dishes. I told her we were starving at that point, no one came back to see if we liked it and we were hoping that the meal would get better. I told her it was our first time and we were giving it a chance until the charcoal sandwich came and thats what ended it for us. She wanted us to come back in and wait longer for them to try to remake the food. Thanks but no thanks.. Im so frikin hungry at this point I wouldve eaten Taco Bell and been happy. I told her no, the food was flavorless, over priced and under portioned. It was like they were trying be "gourmet" by putting everything on little white plates and drizzle the decoration on.. Let me tell you.. any person from Italy or Croatia wouldve laughed. The owners brag about how theyve incorporated dishes from all over the world into their menu. Well they need to actually go to those places and take some pointers. Twenty page wine list is probably the only thing they cant screw up. So if you want to look cool sitting on the patio on Mill and drink wine with three pieces of "rustic bread" with olive oil on it then go for it. But I want a frikin meal. I dont care how much it costs, it better taste good. We walked up to Gordon Beirsch and were served big plates of hot yummy food and cold beer within twenty minutes of sitting down. Valentines day didnt turn out so bad after all... poor Caffe Boa.. we wont be back.
3	It's been 15 years since I first visited this place.  Still worth going to if you unfortunately end up in downtown Tempe.
1	Although inept, the staff was friendly, went there as part of a reservation for a large party and they were completely unprepared even though the event was at 1pm in the afternoon on a wednesday.  the food took about 2 hours to get there, everything about this experience was disappointing and flavorless.   the food was overpriced, ridiculously (hours) late, cold, under-portioned and flavorless, I had the crap cold cheese covered oatmeal vomit looking tuscan farro risotto with crispy (more like effing burnt) prosciutto (i imagine cheese covered oatmeal vomit actually has more flavor than this crap dish). I've had water with more flavor than the green tea I ordered. the staff missed or got multiple orders wrong, some never came at all. I would have understood if this was because we may have just appeared being a large party and the restaurant had been slammed, BUT we had made reservations AND we were the only people there for that entire time (now we know why, probably because it sucks and we didn't get the memo)  there was no excuse for them to be so flakey, unfocused and disappointing, for the price of the food I would have been happy if at least the food came to me hot (or at least warm) within a normal period of wait (not over an hour and a half or more) and with some flavor. but no.. I paid 30 bucks (I tipped 20% cuz i'm not an asshole like the cook at this place even though the service sucked, however I later found it it came to be actually about 40% because the gratuity had already been added to my bill but I didn't read the damn fine print because I had already been at that restaurant for a total of 3 hours doing nothing but nibbling on some burnt toast with cherry tomatoes and piss green tea and wanted to get the hell out of there ASAP.don't recommend this place to anyone..here is a link to the picture of my vomit looking risottohttp://img.photobucket.com/albums/v621/PolarCap25/184267_173964032649482_100001076585043_383833_5796074_n.jpg
4	Excellent wine list and drinks.  Somewhat limited menu but the options they do have are good and the Osso Buco was great
5	I had breakfast on the patio with friends and it was beautiful!!! The service was impeccable, and the Peach Bellini drink was about the most delicious thing I've ever tasted! I can't wait to go back for brunch next weekend.
4	My wife and I met up with some friends for a late dinner/get together type of thing. We each ordered a glass of wine, which was reasonably priced. I ordered the Heirloom Tomato and Baby Beets appetizer as we had eaten earlier and it was absolutely amazing! Next we decided to skip just to dessert. We attempted to order the bread pudding but they were out, but said they had banana pudding. My friend ordered that and I decided to get the huckleberry jam and lemon curd. My dish came out quickly and was absolutely delicious. Unfortunately, the waiter told my friend that they were actually out of banana pudding as well. That's embarassing. Overall, it was a good experience. I was surprised at the service for it being a Wednesday night. I would hate to see what they would be out of on a Saturday!
3	A conflicting 3 stars. I've had 2 or 3 nice experiences here, and 2 or 3 less impressive visits. The couple of times I've had pasta, the dishes were pretty good. Heavy on the sauce, but flavorful. I do like that they utilize some many local resources to craft somewhat creative cuisine. It's terrific to see community support that makes clean, conscious eating possible. Well at least on some parts of the menu.I'm what you might call a "flexovegan" - though I know true vegans take insult to that term - and I try to be very careful and particular when I choose to flex. My favorite kind of salad is a good ole Nicoise, and they are very hard to do incorrectly so I chose to flex here having been previously appeased by their food. I don't know how clean or conscious my Nicoise was, but it certainly wasn't creative or tasty. Was the tuna poached for from a can? It looked like something that might be served in a sportsbar. Presentation was not appealing, a few tears of butter lettuce, and some huge flavorless olives. Yikes, big miss.The first wine a tried needed to breathe for another century before being served, but they glady replaced my glass with a delicious Barbera. The service was friendly, but I'm just not sold on whether the food is worth the price. Thank god we had a Groupon.
5	We went here last week and we are DEFINITELY going again soon!! They have a fantastic lunch special where you can pick any two of the pasta, soup and salad to make a combo and we took full advantage of it. I got Panzanella salad & Tuscan Farro Risotto, it was more than filling and WONDERFUL. The Panzanella salad was delicious and trimmed with anchovies, and a very light dressing. the Tuscan Farro Risotto was a culinary masterpiece, the risotto was perfectly cooked and blended with the vegetables in some sort of unobtrusive sauce that complimented the flavors well without overpowering them. Justin had the cream of mushroom soup and ravioli, the cream of mushroom soup.... We wished we could bathe in it. He usually wolfs down things he likes but with this soup he was rolling it around in his mouth like a fine wine. It was all I could do not to reach over and take it off of his plate and devour it myself; next time I am definitely getting my own. The ravioli was cooked in a sauce that was perfectly paired with what the stuffing, I'm not sure what was inside (I should have taken another look at the menu before leaving) but it was devine. On the whole yes it can be expensive but if you want to try more of what they have to offer go for the lunch special. The portions aren't huge but I tend to have leftovers when I go out to eat and for me it was more than enough!
3	Excited to try out Cafe Boa with a Groupon I got a while back but also curious based on the mixed Yelp reviews. Made a reservation but didn't want to sit outside so we waited about 15 minutes for a nice, intimate table inside, and to the back. Was immediately helped by a really nice bar back asking if he could take our drink order. Super prompt, super friendly and gave great drink recommendations. Once seated to our table, again, really warm and friendly service with our server (Shout out to JUSTIN!). Fantastic recommendation on an appitizer Charcuterie & Artisan Cheese. LOVED IT! Great pairings of cheeses and meats. I dont have a sophisticated palate and the dinner entree selections were very eccentric and refine from duck to rabbit to quail. I was very aprehensive about trying it. The server didn't make me feel silly about my reservation (which I totally appriciated) and I took his recommendation on a pesto pasta dish (I think it was a special because I don't see it on the menu) and substituted chicken (originally came with rabbit or quail I think). It didn't taste like pesto and the flavor was a little bland. My date got the Pork Osso Bucco felt it was ok, but that there was probably something else he could have picked and liked better. And like many Yelpers mentioned, the portions were small relative to the expense of the dishes. We were there two hours (which in retrospect was a REALLY long time for dinner) but because of the company and no pressing plans after, we didn't mind the how long it took to recieve our dinner.All in all, I would probably go back if I were in Tempe because of the ambiance, service and appitizers/drinks but probably would skip dinner and make sure I was open to leasurely spend the evening there.
3	I wanted to like you, Caffe Boa.  Fresh, sustainable food in a nice atmosphere is a tempting concept, but the end result seemed a bit off here.  The appetizers seemed like a promising start to the evening.  The house pate was superb, especially when paired with the brown mustard the dish came with.  On the other hand, for the entree, I had the ravioli with chestnut sauce, and while I appreciated the hand made pasta, the mix of savory and sweet didn't really mesh well to create a cohesive, pleasing flavor.  Service was off, and we waited forever for our entrees, and were never served any bread while we saw other tables who were seated after us receiving bread right from the start.  If I do go here again, it will probably be just to get a few appetizers with some wine, but I probably won't be here for a full meal due to the sluggish service and disappointing dinners.
2	I was so excited for Caffe Boa...Just to be let down for my 30th birthday dinner without the kid. Started with a Cheese and meat platter, very good. For dinner we ordered the Farro Risotto with Pork Belly (which I could not find), and the ravioli with foraged mushrooms and wild nettle. As a special of the night you could add a really rubbery lobster tail for a bargin price of only $15. Had to send the ravioli back, something was not right, the sauce was as tangy as a balsamic dressing. Not right for raviolis. The risotto, was something I have made at home, and left a ton to be disired. I wanted the crispy pork belly with my risotto, however they must have forgotten it because there was nothing to resemble the pork belly. The lobster tail we added to the dinner was so rubbery and chewy we could not even cut it with a butter knife. It was a sad sad dinner. I ate a turkey sandwich when I got home. I have to say thought the sserver was very nice and cared about our dining experience, but we paid $90 bucks for alot of nothing we enjoyed.
4	I love coming here for Sunday Funday and having a pitcher of Sangria to share. I've also been here for dinner and have always had great, fresh food. The service has always been kind, and prompt.
1	Not cool!!!  I've only ever visited the Phoenix location and had outstanding food and service. Tonight has been COMPLETELY UNACCEPTABLE!  We were entertaining clients and the experience couldn't have been worse. I made the reservation for 11 a week in advance. We arrived at 6pm and had clients who had to catch planes at 9pm. It took more than 45 minutes to take our order.  At 8pm after repeated requests on the status of our order and communicating that we had travelers on a tight schedule we were told that one of the entrees was burned and it would take longer.  When we then asked to speak to the manager so we could explain the situation, we were given nothing but attitude. At that point we had had enough and got up to leave.  The owner met us at the door and threatened to call the police if we didn't pay the bill. He then offered to give us $200 in gift certificates. Hmmmmm.... Why can't he just accept his mistake and take care of the bill?  At least we would have given this place a second chance. Instead he refused to provide customer service and told us not to tell him how to run his business!  As we stood outside and argued with him for 15 minutes, 3 other parties left and told us it took over 2 hours for them to get their food. Come on people!  I understand that mistakes happen, but for crying out loud just fix it!!! I will NEVER set foot in this place again, and I'm guessing neither will the other 30 people who exited along with us.
2	Caffe Boa has definitely been an interesting place to visit. My husband and I bought a Groupon to Caffe Boa and attempted to use it 3 weeks ago. We arrived at 7:00, and were directed to the bar, where we waited, and thankfully were entertained by a friendly bartender. After waiting about 10 minutes we were seated directly inside the front door. It was a place I never would have put a table, but we were hungry so we didn't request a different table. Our server came out, told us the specials, bla bla bla. He was so soft-spoken we could barely hear a single thing he said. After over an hour our server reappeared and apologized for our wait and told us that our food would be out shortly. After another half hour and a visit from the manager insisting that our food would be out imminently the food arrived. The fried chicken was flavorless while the greens tasted as though the chef had accidentally poured in too much salt. I took one bite, my husband took another and we returned the dish and shared my husband's voodoo penne, which was mediocre, but we were hungry and it was edible. We were given a $50 and promised that future dining experiences would be better.We returned 2 weeks later, had a lovely supper with and a delightful, knowledgeable and  prompt server named Justin. I ordered the risotto with pork belly and my husband ordered the lasagne. The meal wasn't anything I couldn't have made at home, but it tasted good, our wine was superb and we were happy. Justin suggested the macarons for dessert-- They were INCREDIBLE! Hands down the best macarons I've ever eaten and I not only make them myself but have eaten them all over the world. The macarons and our server are the only reasons I didn't give Caffe Boa a 1 star review.Well we forgot to use our Groupon on our second meal so alas, last night we attempted to go out to supper again. We had a 7:00 reservation, were seated promptly and given water and some stale bread and mayo/butter/olive oil stuff to dip it in. We ordered immediately upon seeing our server, Justin, again. Over an hour passed and still no food. The tables near us not only didn't have food, but did not have water since the restaurant had run out of water glasses, and appeared to have been given complimentary wine instead.  Did we get free wine for our wait? Nope. Justin did offer to bring us more bread, then returned to inform us that the bread was in the oven and would be done momentarily. 20 minutes later there was still no bread and no supper. Being hungry, tired and frustrated we left. Justin stopped us and took our name and phone number so a manager could call us today. So far, no call. I still have the stupid Groupon to use.At this rate it would probably be in our best interest just to request the money back from Groupon instead of trying to dine at Caffe Boa. Perhaps foolishly, I did make a reservation for Sunday, I'm going to give them one last chance... wish us luck!!
4	The Capellini Nero is Spectacular with calamari, black ink capellini, tomatoes and olive oil! Beet salad with walnuts and fennel also very good.  Service was slow on a Tuesday night at 830 - place was very busy - well worth the trip - ML
1	We had a reservation for 7:30 on a Tuesday. Got there on time, and the hostess told us there are no tables inside and that we would have to sit outside. I pointed out that when the restaurant called me to conform the reservation, I was not asked where I would like to sit, and that we wanted a table inside. Of course, within seconds, a table miraculously became available. We ordered our food as soon as our waiter stopped by our table. An hour later, we still hadn't received it. We had to ask for bread twice! I asked for a fruit forward wine and I got a bland one, nothing was fruity about it other than the nose. The waiter forgot to apply the Groupon we had too! He ran my debit card for the full amount and I had those funds on hold for almost a week. The table next to us was using a Groupon as well and they received similar treatment... so maybe if you pay full price they won't treat you like scum.The pasta we ordered was good, but not great. I probably would have enjoyed it more had the service been better.
3	Not the great Italian I remember from the former location. I'm probably not spelling this correctly, but they used to have this yummy dish, anglianotti (ok, I KNOW this isn't the correct spelling) which had these wonderul mushrooms inside and served with a creamy tomato sauce. It's long gone, according to the hostess (boo...it was awesome).I had the Salad Nicoise, and it was very average. In their defense, we went the day of the Tempe Arts Festival, and they had a modified menu...and not much appealed to me.The restaurant has a great feel to it, and it's very pretty inside, in a victorian/rustic sort of way. I may go back to try it with the normal menu, but the food used to be superb...
1	Food is acceptable, service is terrible. I have eaten at this restaurant three times; twice for lunch and once for dinner.  Each time I have visited this restaurant, the service leaves something to be desired such as...... decent service. It takes 3-10 minutes to be acknowledged by the hostess once you are at the restaurant, time to be seated (even when there are only a few patrons), and even longer to be acknowledged by any one to take a beverage order.  The staff makes you feel as if they are doing YOU a favor by even talking to you/taking your order and the general ambiance is bland.  Once I called to ask if a reservation was needed, the hostess said no and hung up on me.   When we arrived we requested to sit outside and we were informed that the tables were all reserved / taken for the night.  During the whole night and the two hours it took to eat, the patio was less than half full.  For the most part, the staff is unprofessional, took time chit chatting instead of helping people and seemed immature.  The waitresses were the only ones that worked and polite, but the kitchen and overall service is very slow.  I do not recommend this place for lunch if you have any time constraints.  The last time I visited, the two parties on my right and left each had issues with either the service or the billing and the manager had to speak with them. The food, overall, is decent and some items are over priced.  One member of our party ordered ravioli which was $20; the issue was that the plate had a total of 5 medium sized raviolis and they were still hungry after an appetizer and dinner course (that's $4 for each piece of a medium sized no-frills ravioli!!).  The appetizer of basic bruschetta for two is $12 and fries are $8.  I had the beef burger twice; once it was very dry and the second time it was good.  I would probably be fine with the prices, if the service was not so bad.One note.... The menu varies from day to day so you may want to check their web site prior to going to make sure they are serving what you like on that day.  However, don't always expect to have their daily offered selections available.  I went once with my mother at 5pm and she tried to order a chicken dinner.  The waitress stated they had ran out of chicken! At 5pm!  The restaurant was not even that busy and that was one of their 6 main courses offered that day.  I will not be going back here a 4th time.  If you are planning on going to Mill Ave in Tempe to eat....   there are a lot more restaurants available that offer better food, prices, and service than Cafe Boa.
2	Really, Caffe Boa, you know better. You know better than letting me stand outside for 15 minutes waiting for your hostess, while you are less than 1/4 full for brunch. You know better than charging me $14.00 for an eggs benedict that comes with nothing more than 2 eggs on an english muffin. I'm here for the organic, sustainable, impeccable food and I can afford it, but where is it?  You know better than giving me a server that knows nothing about your product. Yes, I do want to know if your meat is local, organic, sustainable. I'm paying $14 a head for beakfast, so bring on the knowledge. I'm eating here because you say you serve an organic sustainable product, show me you do. Also, you know better than giving me a server who looks like they just rolled out of bed in their grubby, stained black pullover. I appreciate the attempt at a black uniform but make it clean next time as well.  Finally, if I order two glasses of sparking, don't charge me $18 for the all the can drink, when charging me $8 a glass would have been cheaper. Seriously, is this any better than panhandling? So, where the hell is the Caffe Boa of dinner fame. The food, the knowledge, the attempt to prove to me that what I was paying for was worth it. Where is that Caffe Boa? Because it sure didn't show up for brunch today.
4	This is a great location, especially when the weather is nice and you can sit outside.  Their food is flavorful, fresh and unique.  Great wine list and a fun ambiance.
4	Minimal selection of food but  tasty. The reason why I'm writing this review is because of the drinks. Hopefully you go in on a night when Matthew is bartending. He makes the most amazing off the top of his head concoctions that are unbelievable. I wouldn't even know what to ask for the next time I come in. I told him I like sweet but not too sweet with a kick and he came out with a glass of perfection. When I wanted to try something else the next one was even better.  If I come back here it will definitely be for the drinks! I will be checking to see if Matthew is there first!
2	I am not sure who remembers that this place had an old location. It is now a gravel lot next to Jack in the Crack on Mill. That spot was a go to place. Some of the best food I had in AZ. It was a small place, intimate and cozy. Great for dates!The new place...meh, not so much. Nowhere near as cozy, its more like a corporate bar. Their focus seems to be more on drinks than food, which is really unfortunate because the food was what kept me coming back.
4	Creative food, fantastic drinks, breezy patio, excellent location, spot-on service (even created something off menu for us). Perfect Saturday morning brunch destination, need I say more?
2	Oh Caffe Boa, I don't even know where to start! First off I never give a place 2 stars and it would have been 1 star if I had not had a pleasant experience before my most recent one!One of my best friends was planning her 25th birthday dinner and she was trying to decide where to go and I suggested we go to Caffe Boa since she has never been and I had such a great experience the first time I had gone, I thought it would be a good idea to go again... Well I was wrong!First off I had asked the hostess to do me a favor of surprising my friend with a gift from her boyfriend, since he was out of town and was not able to be there, and they were very friendly and said that would not be a problem, I was very appreciative of them doing that for me. My friend had also brought cupcakes in as her dessert and we asked if we could just put them in their fridge until after we had dinner and the owner had mentioned to me there would be a small cake cutting fee for holding them (he never mentioned how much it was), at this moment I thought ok $3-$5, no biggie, I thought it was odd and had never been to a restaurant where they have a cake cutting fee!  our whole group went in to wine and dine, no expense was too much. We were looking at their wine list and some of us wanted to sample a few wines to see which one we would like with our dinners! We were refused saying that they don't do samples... I have never been to a restaurant where we couldn't sample a wine before ordering! Ok so no big deal we moved on from that and just ordered what sounded good and went from there...We were told the bread was in the oven and it would be out in just a few moments (I work in the service industry as well and I know this happens so we were not too worried about it). The bread did take a little while but when we were finally brought some there was not nearly enough to go around the table so we asked for a second round of bread as well as the delicious butter (I think the butter was the best part about the night) the second round of bread was not brought out to us until after we received our meals. The food was not as good as I remembered when I dined previously and some had to send their entrees back and order new ones which took quite a while too, especially since it was pasta. Lastly the moment that made the whole experience at Caffe Boa not pleasant one bit... Our server brought out the cupcakes, my friend opened up all her presents and dinner was coming to an end so we all got our bills... well on our bill we saw that we were charged a $25 cake cutting fee for CUPCAKES!!! Needless to say we asked the owner/manager to come and speak with us and he didn't handle it in a very professional manner at all, he was arguing back and forth with all of us, saying that they have a family to feed and us bringing in cupcakes from another place is taking away revenue from their restaurant (our bill was well over $300 and we all know how much those glasses of wine are marked up.) Then they proceeded to argue with us further stating that they have a pastry chef who could have made the cupcakes or some type of birthday dessert, but this was never made aware to any of us in the group! You would think when my friend placed the reservation for a birthday dinner, they would mention something along the lines of those services to help generate that revenue. Overall the owner never reversed the fee, we finally just paid the bill and left... They will never have us as a repeat customer (which didn't seem to matter to the owner because he treated us like he didn't need our business.) I am very disappointed Caffe Boa!
2	I went here for my parents' anniversary. We were seated and had to wait 5-10 minutes for anyone to approach us. The server never properly greeted us and explained the special they were having. It was Easter and they had grilled lamb apparently but nobody really bothered to explain this to us. After waiting for so long for the server to come over, I got up and asked the nearest waiter if I could speak to the manager. A few minutes later, a woman approached us and asked if everything was ok. I explained my issues to her and she half-apologized while suggesting a free dessert and that was that. The rest of the experience was ok. Server did what he was supposed to do but things never really took off. The food was good but not at all worth the expensive prices. I had the grilled Ahi. I had gone to IHOP in the morning for breakfast and received extraordinarily better service there. I have no plans to return and would not recommend anyone else to go here. There are much better restaurants in the area like House of Tricks.
5	The food was good for dinner.  This is an Italian restaurant that I am impressed with.  The food even impressed my Italian counterparts who were dining with me.  All of them said the food reminded them of the "comfort food" they had at home back in Valdarno (Italy)...near Florence.
2	Would have liked to give this place a better rating but after their service and prices egh the rating is going to stay at two.Food takes forever to arrive, bread not refilled nor water.18 dollars + 6 dollars for meat for my pasta dish. Was quite goodbut the portion was a pittance. 11 dollar fries did not arrive either.Maybe the place is understaffed but I've had less wait times for food and service in Europe which is usually a very leisurely pace but compared to Caffe Boa was downright prompt.All in all a lack luster experience.
3	I had lunch with my family at Caffe Boa before my graduation ceremony.  Our server was kind enough to warn us that there was a large party in the restaurant & did was she could to get our order in before there's.  Besides that, the service was slow and our server was a little awkward and inattentive.The food, however, was fantastic - very flavorful.  My father works in the wine business & he was very impressed with the wine list.  I'd try Caffe Boa again, but maybe not during such a busy time.
2	This was my first time at Cafe Boa and I happened upon it while looking for a late morning breakfast place. Bread brought out with the meal was hard and dry. No butter or jam was offered. We had to ask for it. One of my big pet peeves: memorizing orders. I'd rather you write it down than try to impress me when you eventually screw it up. Of course our server did. He forgot our orange juice and I had to ask for it. I was really in the mood for what was advertised on the menu as "Fresh Squeezed OJ". A large glass of OJ was brought to the table but if it was Tropicana, they'd be doing at least better than they were. It wasn't fresh squeezed. I asked our server about it and he seemed to fumble for some feeble explanation about the bartender, etc. and sounded surprised. Big mistake to be blaming others. So he finally brings back fresh squeezed and it's a glass about a third the size of of the original.The food overall was tasty and hot. No complaints there. Service seems to be on par with the other reviews. Our chucklehead was no exception. When he did bring the bill, it was only a total and no itemized bill. Had to ask for that too. I wonder if he'll figure out he'll save himself a lot of work by doing it right the first time?
1	I took advantage of the groupon and took a party of 7 for lunch today. The menu online stated "CHOOSE ANY 2 ITEMS, COMBINATION OF SOUP, SALAD, PASTA FOR $9.95" Of course when we got there that was no longer on the menu. We were looking at $16 pastas once again.Not one person in my group was pleased with their meal. I ordered the burger and it was burnt to a crisp as was the bun, my friend ordered the same burger medium and it was burnt on the outside and bloody in the center. I could actually take the burger and only use half of the bun the amount of meat was so small. The pasta salad it was served with was bland, the vegetable sandwich was the ass end of the veggies. All in all everything was less than acceptable. I gave you another chance Boa, and while you boast of fresh quality ingredients you don't deliver on quality food or realistic prices. Sadly I won't be back.
5	We visited this location for the first time this weekend (had been to the Caffe Boa on Elliot, but there is no relation -anymore- and the menus are completely different).  We decided to take advantage of a Group On and ate from their  weekend brunch menu.  The menu seemed a bit limited at first (due to the time of day and only brunch being available) but it ended up being the yummiest and more original eats we've had in a while!  We ate the Mediterranean Omelet and Friuli Bennedict and both tasted GREAT!  Everything was apparently made with fresh and quality ingredients!  We also had a pitcher of their fantastic white sangria!  The waitress was extremely helpful, friendly and service was overall an A+!  We will definitely be returning, GroupOn or not. :)
2	My girlfriend I and had both enjoyed meals here before, so we were happy to return for some tasty food and great service.Let's just say it's not quite what we remembered.  We were seated and it took several minutes for a server to come our way.  We were looking over the menu and decided to both get their lunch combo with the idea of ordering a couple of desserts later.  I chose the borscht and an arugula salad that was to come with shallots, cheese and preserved lemon (my favorite!) and my girlfriend chose a pasta and a salad.  So, after some time our food arrived and I looked at my salad...no preserved lemon anywhere:(  I was trying to find our server, but she was MIA.  I ate it anyway, and I might add it was good, as was my gf's food.  Then we ordered the house-made mozzarella with candied green garlic, mushrooms and the option, for two dollars more, to add a fried egg.  When it came out, it was topped with a pickled egg, purslane, almonds, balsamic vinegar and came on top of toast.  None of the ingredients matched  what we read.  When we were finally able to get our server's attention, she didn't even know what was going on.  Bummer.At last, we decided to order dessert.  I picked the strawberry tart with vanilla gelato and my gf picked some type of chocolate mousse that sounded divine.  Somewhere around 15-20 minutes later, our server came up to our table and said "I've gotta be honest with your girls, the health inspector just got here and the kitchen isn't sending out any food while they're here."  I'm a server...have been for 8 years, and I've never heard of a restaurant halting service due to a health inspection (unless they found something gnarly).  All in all it was a pretty disappointing experience, given what I have seen from this place in the past.  The food was good, but the service was lackluster at best.  Better luck next time!
4	Mesa needs more good food. Cafe boa is a step in the right direction. The food was fresh and creative. I had the burger which was satisfying and my wife the caprese panini and a strawberry basil martini. Overall, good food. Not as good as we were hoping but better than anything else we could find in the area.  Would love to have beer on tap, but a good IPA in a bottle will do.
3	Loved the food and the white sangria. The service on the other hand was just... ehhh. We went at around 3 p.m. on a Thursday and sat on the patio. It was pretty empty but we there on a leisurely afternoon of day-drinking so I can't really complain. The pitcher of white sangria was AMAZING!  But the food took forever for a mostly empty place. I was a little underwhelmed by the lunch menu, but I did like the 1/2 salad and pasta. But next time I think i'll skip the food and just order the pitcher.
4	Quite delicious and a great atmosphere for a date!
5	Our late lunch was the perfect introduction to this wonderful restaurant. The nearly empty establishment was just waiting to tempt my husband and I with so many interesting choices it was hard to decide. As far as food goes...judging from our reactions to appetizers (fries with dipping sauces) and our entrees...there is nothing iffy about anything on the menu. It's all fabulous ~ clean your plate and wish for more fabulous! I highly recommend the mac 'n cheese.  I know it seems a bit strange to be ordering mac 'n cheese at a restaurant, but just talking about it is making my mouth water. Yum!But really the topper is the desserts. We had three choices : lavender panna cotta, tiramisu, and chocolate potted creme. There was no way to exclude one.....we ordered and devoured all three! They are so delicious that halfway through dessert we stopped chatting and started giggling. So much joy was coming from those desserts the only way to continue was to let it bubble out.  I'm sure the other patrons thought we were crazy, but it was worth it to enjoy this.  (Lavender panna cotta is now on my sometimes-food list.....because otherwise I'd probably overdose from joy!)I can't recommend splurging on this restaurant enough.....You must try it!
3	I'm sad that the kitchen has poor quality control.  Dinner on Saturday was dead.  A bunch of chicks getting drinks mostly.  The wine menu is extensive.  Service was awesome.  This poor college girl listened  to me complain for 5 minutes.  This is the first ever Italian restaurant that I've been to that didn't even offer bread.  We ordered the antipasto.  It was great!  Different... Loved the idea of fritatta being added to the platter.  My entree was basically a pesto veggie pasta.  I was told it was a lighter dish.  Each bite I took I had to wipe the oil off of my chin.  WTF?  After four bites I had to give it up.  I was grossed out by the puddle of oil on the bottom of my plate.  From what we gathered from the server...  It sounds like the restaurant lacks quality control.  Beautiful ambiance.  It's upscale Italian with a modern-southwestern twist.  I will go back for a glass of wine and appetizers on the patio...oh..  and I will be sure to ask for bread.  Us guineas love some bread!
3	Having recently dined twice at Cafe Boa and several times in the past, I'm thoroughly convinced that an average three star rating is appropriate here.  My husband and I stopped in for a late lunch on our way to the airport for an afternoon flight.  We were some of the only customers in the place and ordered a glass of wine while we perused the menu.  We each decided to start with a Caesar salad and I ordered the Agnolotti Boa (mushroom ravioli in a tomato cream sauce) and my husband ordered the Pappardelle with pesto and heirloom carrots.  While I fully support the "Slow Food" movement (organic foods) in which Cafe Boa participates, I think the staff may have been confused and thought that "slow" should apply to the rate of service.  We waited over 30 minutes for our food, the whole time puzzled as to how it could possibly take that long to make two Caesar salads in a nearly empty restaurant.  Finally, our food was served, but the waitress had made the inaccurate presumption that we wanted some sort of lunch special that was offered so what we were served was a plate with two very meager portions of both the salad and respective pasta dish.  Had we not been leaving for the airport and embarking on an international flight in which we knew that it would likely be 12 hours before we would see another bite of actual food other than airline peanuts, I politely pointed out that we had intended to order the portions as described on the menu, not the special.  After another delay, full salad portions were brought out, soon followed by our pasta entrees once I pointed out our need to get to the airport in a timely manner.  The salads were typical Caesar salads, nothing unusual, and the pasta dishes were both of good quality and flavorful.  The agnolotti had a nice blend of flavors with the sauce being the best part.  My husband's papperdelle was a nicely sized mound of fresh pasta with a garlicky pesto sauce and the heirloom carrots added a unique flavor and texture to the dish.  The entire experience, however, took well over an hour which seems unusual for lunch, particularly given how sparsely the restaurant was populated.  Given the long delay, we'd each had two glasses of wine and the total bill came to over $110 which seems significantly overpriced for the overall experience that we had.We returned approximately a month later for dinner when we were on our way to a concert in the downtown Phoenix area.  The food was on par with our first experience yet it was proceeded by a complimentary loaf of some sort of tough, chewy bread that was served without any oil, balsamic vinegar, or any other accompaniments to make it at all palatable.  The first piece that I attempted to eat seemed to suck all of the moisture from my mouth, so I would suggest that they use those loaves as kitchen sponges rather than something served to guests.  The Shrimp Adriatico that we had as an appetizer turned out to be nothing more than poor quality shrimp floating in a sea of butter and tomato juice with a chunk of some other type of bread that was supposed to absorb at least some of the "sauce".  We again suffered the same painfully long wait between courses and ended up being late to our concert as a result.  While we were sipping our wine at a leisurely rate, it took so long to get our food that we had actually finished the bottle by the time the entrees arrived and had to order an additional glass to have something to drink during our meal.  Overall, the food is reasonably decent, but not worth the wait or the price charged and we will gladly try new establishments before returning to Cafe Boa.
1	DO NOT go here!!  So I hadn't been to the Mill Ave new location, although I do frequent the location on Elliot.  A colleague of mine and I decided to take 2 external customers with us to this restaurant, as we have been fans of the food and service on Elliot.  NOT THIS LOCATION!!!  Probably one of the worst dining experiences in my life.  I was so embarrassed we took others here, too.  So, we arrive, after making a reservation for 4.  We are promptly seated (the only good thing that happened all night) and after sitting there for about 2 min. I realize it's hotter in the restaurant than outside where it's 108 degrees today!  The 2 guys we brought are in suits and ties and begin sweating bullets.  We sit there for almost 15 min with nobody even acknowledging our presence.  Finally, we flag down a server and ask her who OUR server is.  5 min later a girl, with no urgency or desire to please us, arrives.  We ask her why it's so hot and she says, "Yeah...our AC is broken.  It will be fixed tomorrow".  OK, WELL WHY THE HECK DIDN'T YOU TELL US THAT WHEN WE CALLED TODAY AND MADE A RESERVATION?!!!  So, our guests from San Diego, about to pass out, are patient and kind and didn't say a negative word.  Took another 8 min to get ice water...oh wait...warm water!!!  Ice was all melted.  3 of the group order a cocktail.  The beer our guest wanted she said they were out of, so he couldn't get that beer.  Then, 10 min after we ordered the drinks (and still haven't gotten them!!) she comes back to the table, without any drinks, and tells my colleague they are out of the wine she wants.  OUTRAGEOUS!!!  Finally, I get my iced tea...no ice, no straw, no sweetener.  I didn't even bother asking for anything because it was pointless.We order the food and wait and wait and wait....all while our drinks are empty and without ice.  We waited about 45 min for the food and finally had to flag down the server (because of course she's nowhere to be found!!) and ask her when the food was coming out.  Immediately after that, it came out.  Food was so so.  I ordered the halibut.  It was somewhat dry.  Not sure how the other food was but everyone just wanted to get out of the hell, literally (because of the heat!) we were in.After just spending a few min reading reviews on this place, I'm even MORE angry (which I didn't think possible)!  It appears that you are supposed to get bread before you meal.  Guess what?  We didn't even get offered any.  I know that's shocking.I really cannot say enough bad things about this place and our experience.  You would think with the AC out, they would at LEAST tell you, as you walk in and then even offer a cocktail or COLD (that means, with ice) beverage on the house.  They need a serious lesson in customer service at this Cafe Boa.  I can help, if they want.  :-)  Email me.
3	went only once for lunch with a groupon. I tried two different food dishes (macaroni with cheese, and beet ravioli). Both of the dishes were pretty good. The service was OK and the prices were a bit on the high side. Overall I think this is more of a chick place. Good for a date if you don't mind spending a few $$.
4	OK...this is a very specific review for their white sangria.  The food here is good, the ambiance, OK, but lemme tell you, go and get a pitcher of their white sangria.  Half price on sundays, but worth the full price any day. I have never been this enthusiastic about a pitcher of booze.  Maybe it's because we've hit 114 in phoenix, and all I want to do is hang out under misters and sip on a refreshing icy beverage that will take my mind off the heat..  Maybe it's just the most incredible white sangria ever, I don't know...all I can say is y.u.m.
2	I would not bother going here for dinner again.  I was here for lunch and (although overpriced) the food was good.  I had a friend in from out of town and we met here for dinner.  I arrived early, and the bartender was GREAT - gave me happy hour pricing on a drink, double checked the reservation!  There was NO ONE at the hostess stand, so I just walked in.  Once we were seated for dinner, the waiter brought over bread - very stale, tough to chew with no butter, margarine, olive oil, or anything to spread.  The menu was quite limited from and entree perspective, and everything was ala carte.  That would have been OK, if the quality of the food had made up for it.  It didn't....very average food, pricey, and service was quite bad.
4	The best eggs benedict I have ever had, I try eggs benedict everywhere and this is my favorite. Service is OK. Prices are a little high, for just the 2 eggs benedicts it runs around $15 and it doesn't come with a side. Great brunch Sat and Sunday 11-2pm.
4	Good martinis, great ambiance and great food. It's one of the better places in Tempe to have a nice dinner. I highly recommend the gnocchi. It's melt in your mouth good. Don't let the kale scare you, it works. I usually have them add salmon to it. The service is sometimes great, and sometimes not so much so. I'm giving them 4 stars for the lackluster service on my last 2 visits. I also don't understand why they charge so much for sparkling water. I'm updating this from my past review, the food has improved over the last few years.
5	Would it be an overstatement to say this is the best food I have had in the Valley?... No.Caffe Boa is nestled in a historic building off Mill and 4th Ave. Don't be thrown off by the college town location though; this place is definitely a hidden gem.  The food selection here includes Mediterranean, Slavic, and Italian influences, emphasizing the Adriatic region.With a menu that boasts local produce, dairy, bread, meat, and even olive oil from nearby Queen Creek, high-quality ingredients are abound.  Oh, and did I forget to mention that their wine list is unparalleled, with over 500 selections from around the world?  Boa has dubbed this season the "Summer of Acid", amending their wine menu to selections with higher acidity.  These wines tend to cut through food and complement hot Phoenix days oh-so-perfectly.WHITE SELECTION: Try the Colle Stefano Verdicchio for a light, crisp taste with notes of apple and a little kick at the end. RED SELECTION: Go with the N2 Pinot Noir from Napa Valley if you're not afraid to try wine on-tap.  (No seriously, these wines come out of steel barrels, leading the way in wine innovation and reducing environmental impact!!)I haven't even dusted off the cuisine... Charcuterie is a must.  Choose 5 and go with the: *Pate (Meat spread made from rabbit and pork meat)*Pancetta (similar to bacon)*Burrata (rich, soft cow mozzarella with a creamy center)*Taleggio (semi-soft, washed rind cheese from northern Italy with a   mild flavor and fruity finish)*Bresaola  (air-dried, salted beef fillet which is aged 3 months then thinly sliced... comparable to Prosciutto) FIRSTS: classics include the Shrimp Adriatico and Bruschetta.  For a  simmering Tempe night though, I say go with the Street Corn or Prosciutto and Peaches.MAINS: the Halibut and Butler Steak are staples for the "meat and potato" type, but don't overlook the Vongole e Patate for unforgettable clams with a sweet and spicy zing.PASTA: the Braised Kid Stracci outdoes itself with quality ingredients like Fossil Creek Goat Cheese and Maya's Purslane (local, small-leafed green with a somewhat bitter taste and tons of Omega-3).  Summer Squash Ravioli is great for just that: Summer; and Voodoo Penne is a classic dish with a mild Cajun Cream sauce.What else can I say?  The menu is seasonal, so don't bet on my picks, but definitely test out the occasional frog leg.  Make sure you leave room for Dessert (varies as well) for a great homemade tiramisu, sorbet, or pannacotta.Whether it's a first date, 6 month anniversary, grad celebration, or family dinner, Caffe Boa will never fail you!!
4	My wife and I would go to Cafe Boa in Tempe years ago before we had kids. It was our favorite restaurant and we still have fond memories of dining  there.  We moved to Scottsdale and thus were not as close to Mill as we used to be, which lead to the lack of dining there as of late.  If the food is still as good as it was over 10 years ago, this place rocks!
1	loved this place when it was the small mom and pop. open eating along the street, not pompous like today. I miss the cafe boa of years ago and the amazing spinach ravioli they had at such a great price. today, over priced, low quality food, and pretentious wait staff.
3	Maybe it's just me, but this is not what I expect in a restaurant.  The service was extremely slow, and more importantly, I got the feeling that our waitress would have rather been somewhere else.  The food itself was probably 4 stars, which is the reason I'm giving them 3 stars overall, but until their serving staff gets it together we won't be back.
4	I gave it 4 stars because my wife loved it even though I thought it was just ok.  The food was good but the bloody mary I ordered was very small and I've had a lot better. Imagine adding vodka to spicy v8 juice and calling it a bloody mary? Weak.  It was a bad day for the staff when we were there, some kid spilled a drink on the floor, then the manager was carrying a cappuchino over to a table and slipped on it and made a bloddy mess.  I did notice that no one got around to making another cappuchino for the people that ordered it but the staff was obviously discombobulated.
4	Caffe Boa offers up a really good meal, but a couple of things fell shy of making it great.  Still, my girlfriend and I enjoyed a lovely dinner with another couple.  The quality of the food is pretty high, which means the prices are as well, but we had a local dine (http://www.localdines.com/?ref=19485) giving us $20 off of $40.  Great deal.We started with a pitcher of Sangria and a three cheese plate.  The Sangria was half price, but very disappointing.  The fruit and wine were mixed at the table.  That means the fruit was not soaked in the wine and it didn't have an ample opportunity to absorb its flavor.  The cheeses were fantastic.  All were served at the right temperature and the bread they were served with was amazing.  The waitress also screwed up and bought out a wrong cheese, so we got an extra.  Score.I had the chicken scallopini Milanese.  It was perfectly breaded, and served with a wonderful garlic bean puree.  It was also covered with arugula, goat cheese, red pepper and cucumber.  It was kind of like a greek salad covering a schnitzel.  Good, but not really Italian.  My girlfriend had the agnolliti  boa.  Ravioli stuffed with mushrooms and covered in an awesome tomato cream sauce.  I didn't try them, but the voodoo penne and goat cheese ravioli were ordered, and there weren't any complaints.We tried a tiramisu for dessert.  A board on the wall with the specials said it was "award winning," but much like the Sangria, it was very disappointing.  Too much coco powder on top and more of a bitter than sweet flavor.  A less than stellar dessert is forgivable, but it should be a crime for an Italian restaurant to serve a bad tiramisu.The ambiance is also good, but a little off.  The wall decorations and the brick go together quite well.  But then there is an out of place table dead center of the restaurant where pictures of water are sitting out.  I get that this makes it easy for servers to get water to the tables.  But it just looks so odd.  And that board on the wall looks like a chalk board, which takes away from the high class ambiance.Caffe Boa is just a couple of flaws away from being as good as it gets.  But despite those flaws, I highly recommend it.
3	So Chef Peyton Curry has parted ways with Caffe Boa.  He probably got tired of dealing with the owner.There doesn't appear to be anyone at the helm in the kitchen right now, and the service is slower than ever UNLESS you're sitting in the bar.Caffe Boa remains a great choice for happy hour: great drinks, great wine selection, great apps.  But I wouldn't come here for dinner--the service is slow and the kitchen is unpredictable.
2	Ok, I get that you guys are into slow food but do you have to hire slow servers?  Came here for lunch with a friend and was disappointed.  My server didn't understand that bringing water to your guest is more important than bussing your tables, she bussed two tables before she completed my drink request.  I ordered the Anastasia cocktail and it was great, light and refreshing without being too sweet or over powering.I wish they offered more of the dinner menu on the lunch menu but I ordered the  1/2 salad and pasta combo.  I got the fettuccini bianco which had great flavor and half of a Cesar salad.  I was disappointed with my "half" salad as the portion size literally looked like a small handful of lettuce.  The pasta came with crispy pancetta and there were 8 tiny pieces in my pasta, I counted because they were my fav part.  Again the service was disappointing, it was obvious my plate had "sat" before it got to me, the sauce on my pasta had a skin on it and my salad was warm.  My server offered fresh pepper for my salad but I really wanted fresh grated parmesan on my pasta, I could see it sitting on the server station in the middle of the room but it wasn't offered.  There was no team work from the other servers, no one offered to clear my plate or refresh my water and my server was too busy clearing tables to notice.I have previously eaten lunch here and miss the fresh bread and amuse bouche that they used to serve.  I did enjoy the food at this visit but not the service or portion size.  My bill was $21 for lunch and my experience did not match with the amount I paid.
2	Thought the food would be better.....We had a reservation for 7PM and my wife and I showed up a bit early and got sat right away at a great table. It was a 4 top for just the 2 of us, which I really liked.We started off by ordering the Sangria and Wheat Beer, which both of us really liked (We better at $6/each).To me, here is where it got a bit frustrating. Our server was nice, but I had to ask for water (usually when i go to a restaurant, they just bring water out to the table without asking for it). Then, I see other tables getting bread, so I asked for the Bread which took quite a while to get to our table. Once again, I shouldn't have to ask for bread if its complimentary and you are SUPOSE to get it. The bread came out as one lump round with a knife, which i had to smoosh a bit to break off pieces. *Glad I was not on a first date or business meal, as someone touching my smooshed bread would not be too happy.My suggestion to them: When placing bread at a table, please pre-cut it and offer a side of olive oil for dipping.Our 2 main entrees came out which were:Mussels and French Fries & the Chicken ScallopiniMy wife ordered the "Chicken Scallpini" which she referred to as a chick fillet. The piece of chicken seemed to be well breaded and fried too long. Overall, she was not impressed with her meal.I had the "Mussels and French Fries", which was just a weird combination. The Mussels by themselves were good, as they came in a small bowl. In the bowl with the mussels came a few very small pieces of sausage and a nice broth that I really couldn't enjoy. The broth would have been great if they would have offered a side of bread with it instead of french fries or an addition too. The fries were OK, but it was just way too big and seemed to be the center piece of the meal instead of the Mussels.  Overall, the ambience was good but the food was not that good and for the Money we are not going to come back. It just missed the mark on too many things for us to want to take a gamble again.
3	Service was ok but the food is overpriced for the quality, quantity, and taste presented. Went for lunch and it feels a bit pretentious. It doesn't feel like a real restaurant to me. Everything feels makeshift. The fettucine blanca was bland with teeny tiny pieces of pork that were barely there. Croutons in our salad and bruschetta were soggy. Expected way more. The burger was nothing to write home about.
5	After reading all these reviews, we were expecting the worst. We had a groupon that needed to be used, so we proceeded with caution. We were pleasantly surprised with the great service and delicious food. We started off with the street corn and blistered shishito peppers which were both tasty. My husband thoroughly enjoyed his meal which was the fettucinibianca and I had the lasagne and meatball. It started to get quite busy while we were there and we experienced no disruption in service. My hubby drinks water like a freakazoid and they kept his glass full the whole time. I know there are many bad reviews on here, but hopefully you will give this place a chance like we did.
4	I had been here once for happy hour and apps, but this was my first time dining in for the whole she-bang. We were told that we could choose wherever we'd like to dine which I liked. I loved our server. We pretty much let her call the shots and I loved how into it she got haha. She was spot on with her recommendations. I loved my cocktail, which for me is a great way to begin a meal. We started with the french fries (YUM), and I ordered the lasagna with the meatballs I had heard so much about. YUM again. Great service, great food, sold. I will definitely be back.
1	I can honestly say this was the worst experience we've ever had at a restaurant. We eat out on average three times per week, and love to try new places, so we've been exposed to lots of different settings... this place looked really nice, and I was excited about the menu. Long story short: we were there over an hour and a half for lunch - we were using a groupon, the table seated next to us about 10 minutes after us was served and gone and my husband got his entree... actually he never received his entree. He ordered the beef burger. A full hour after we arrived, I was half way finished with my entree and the server came to tell my husband that they were out of hamburgers and presented him with a meatball sandwich. WTF??? first - don't tell me I like meatball sandwiches because I like burgers, and second, ASK me what I would like if you run out of something - preferably within a few minutes of ordering... My poor hubby never got any food, we waited 15 more minutes for a turkey panini to go... the "manager" came by to let us know they were barely cutting the turkey for the sandwich if we wanted to keep waiting. We left. Will absolutely NEVER return to this place. While I understand they were busy because the groupon expired the following day, I also understand planning and logistics, and this was just ridiculous.  RIDICULOUS I say!
1	I went to Caffe Boa for my friends twenty first and I was excited to go and taste the food. I can tell you the food was good, ordered the voodoo penne which was great and I would usually say it was great but the service was horrible! The waitress was a nightmare! We came in a group and wanted to split the check, but to get her gratuity she would not split it and made us do the math and sums. We had to figure out our bill for about twenty minutes and the waitress seemed annoyed that we could not hurry up. Overall great food but horrible service that turned me off to go there again. Then on top of it they charged me twice.
2	It pains me to write this, because I have been going to Boa for a LONG time... like way back when it was in its old location. And at that time, it was unbelievably good in every way.Now it ranges from not-so-great to okay. The menu has changed a few times, and for a while, they got rid of the thing I used to order every single time: the Agnolotti Boa. Most recently, they put it back on the menu, but it didn't taste nearly as good as it used to.And the service pretty much sucks. It's slow and inconsistent and generally not what I expect from a place where lunch for 2 can easily be over $50.I'm not saying I'll never go back... but I won't be nearly as excited about it as I used to.
1	Really? I have been here twice and my main meals were terrible. Dry and flavorless, blah. I emailed  tthe owners a long detailed experience at their establishment. They thought I was a critic for a magazine. I said nope just a foodie who experienced terrible service and food. They gave me a free meal and guess what?  It was worse than the first time. We asked for a glass of wine and got a bottle. No bread, no water.  This place sucks!! I will never go back. Not sure the hype here. Maybe both my times were bad? No, I don't think so. I would be reluctant to spend my money there a third time to make sure it was not a fluke. I guess I just have a bit more sophisticated pallet than the chef. They must not taste their own food. Dry, flavorless, under seasoned and boring after the 3rd bite. I could barely get through the meal and had to ask for olive oil just to add moisture to my piece of pork. YUK! no thanks people. I have had way way way better!
4	after a look around the 9-11-01 memorial at tempe town lake, we perused mill ave. which is very quiet at 9am. so when 10am rolled around, we headed to cafe boa for a drink. we didn't plan on staying long, but one refreshing mimosa/bellini after another, and before you know it, we were having second breakfast. the mimosa's and bellini's are "bottomless" for sunday brunch at 18 bucks a person. which you have to drink at least 3 to get your money's worth, so we played it safe and had several more. then we tore into some brioche french toast and it was delicious. very fluffy and light, with a hint of crunchy edges and some nice butter and syrup to wash it all down. we had the whole patio to ourselves but the inside had a few more folks in it. nice little joint.
4	I have never been disappointed with the food here. Caffe Boa is part of the "slow food" movement so everything you order is supposed to be fresh and local, which I love. Today we were in the area early in the morning and hankering for a patio to sit and enjoy some drinks. They opened at 10am for brunch with bottomless mimosas, bellinis, and sparkling wine for $18. We had already eaten breakfast earlier but after several bellinis my belly needed some brioche french toast. Our server was prompt on the drink refills, and kept our water glasses filled as well. This is always a big plus in my book. Their patio has a nice, secluded feel, covered with bougainvillea vines and off the main Mill Ave strip. It was a nice relaxing way to spend the morning.
2	Yuck.  That was a wasted groupon, at least I did not pay full price for this place.  I will never return to this place.  Slow service, food was bland, and was way overpriced.  The only reason this place gets 2 stars is because of the interior.  I think the space itself creates a nice atmosphere.  I had the Agnolotti Boa, a ravioli dish.  Unfortunately for $16 this left me hungry and craving some flavor.  I appreciate the use of fresh and organic ingredients, but this just lacked everything.  There are better options in neighboring Scottsdale or even in Tempe.  Skip this place.
4	First of all, let's acknowledge how sweet my boyfriend is for taking me here for dinner instead of some crowded bar full of ASU/Mizzou fans. It was the night of that game and Mill was poppin...Boa was a safe haven for me. Delicious pinot grigio. We split their California salad & I'm so glad we did. It had an incredibly light dusting of champagne vinaigrette dressing. I despise tons of dressing on salad...this one just added the little punch of taste. The tomatoes in that salad were the best tomatoes I've ever eaten. I usually won't just eat a plain tomato...I savored these (luckily the boy wouldn't even try them - big baby).I could rave for DAYS about my entree. I will pretty much eat anything that includes the words, "goat cheese." As soon as I saw goat cheese ravioli on the menu, I was set. (My mouth is watering.) Crispy sage leaves and hazelnuts topped the raviolis and they were in a slightly tangy, buttery, almost citrusy light sauce. GAAHH. So yum.I love the interior too...& the little rosemary sprig they tuck in the twine wrapped around your napkin. I love that aesthetic. I want to go enjoy their patio with bottomless mimosas next :)
2	So, we've been back a couple times since we last visited, and the food/service has been pretty hit-or-miss.  Most disappointingly, the last time we went, we ordered two of our previous favorite dishes - the shrimp adriatico was abysmal.  6 small, withered things, swimming in a sauce that lacked the punch or zest of the previous chef's days, arrived with the toast burnt.  Not just over-crisped, but straight up blackened.The mussels were also poorly prepared, limp and lifeless.Sad!  Hopefully this Mill institution gets back on its feet.
4	I haven't gone for dinner at Caffe Boa in some time and since then they've switched chefs and changed the menu up a bit. I still miss the milk fed chicken with the black emperor rice (hint, bring that back Caffe Boa!) but the  food I had last night at a dinner with some friends, was excellent!We started with a bottle of Prosecco, which was light, fizzy (as it should be) and had a wonderful light honey aftertaste. I think the bottle was about $40 and well worth it. We had the Prosecco with a 3 item charcuterie and artisan cheese board with Berkshire Pancetta and Lardo and for the cheese, Burrata, which is a fresh Italian cheese made from  mozzarella and cream. I had it in its more traditional format when I was in Rome (solid cheese on the outside, a softer mix of cream and cheese in the middle) and this was the soft cheese mixture by itself but so wonderful on the bread (which seemed to be very lightly toasted, nice touch). The waitress, Meg, who was on her very first shift with the restaurant, and who was wonderful by the way, recommended the Lardo and wow, I've heard about it but never had it. It is literally cured back-fat and such great flavor. The menu says the cured meats are home-made and if so, they do a great job. You also get various little items like small pickled papers, some whole grain mustard, a dab of chutney, and some pickled onions, along with a clump of arugula, which I guess is for color. One thing I would do, ask for extra bread with the order. It came with three pieces, you want about four or five slices.Oh, and we also ordered the fries, the lovely, lovely fries of Caffe Boa! Meg, said they blanch and brine the potatoes so had to try them and they come to the table in the now traditional paper funnel and they are lightly dusted with spices and a nice mix of crispy and softness and not greasy at all. Along with the fries you get a dipping tray with a spicy aoili, honey mustard and what they refer to as a secret sauce. I liked the sauces but would go with all Spicy aoli and it would be nice if it was in a dish that was no so flat. You can't so much dip the fries as smudge them into the sauce so that sort of lowers the experience a bit.For dinner I had the Pici di Tropea, which is pasta with brocollini and a house-made Nduja sausage, which is basically a spicy spreadable pork sausage and it is pretty spicy so pair your wines accordingly. It would go well with a Riesling but I had an Italian white wine that was a bit dryer and seems like the Riesling might have been a better pairing. The one thing about Caffe Boa, you do get European size portions so you don't get a lot but what you do get is really good. Another friend had the voodoo Penne pasta with chicken and it was good though a bit salty. My other friend has a burger and I have to tell you, it looks like they make a really good burger and they serve it on some great breach which looked grilled, always a plus, and a little side of fries.Dessert was, I think, Ricotta Panna Cotta, which is sort of a creamy sweet cheese and it was lightly sauced with fresh passion fruit, which complimented it well. I had it with a Cafe Americano which was REALLY good, not bitter at all.I did notice that they now offer several different hand made cocktails that look really interesting and those would be worth a try if you go there. The only thing I would like to see, fresh-brewed iced  tea. If they had that I would go there more often for lunch but I've literally found myself saying "I like Caffe Boa but let's go somewhere with fresh brewed iced tea. They do have it in the bottle but for me, not the same. Other than that, a great dining experience but just realize you pay for the experience, it is not a cheap place to go to dinner.
4	All restaurants seem to have their ups-and-downs. If not the economy, it's vendor issues, chef turn-over, or management loss of focus. But ya gotta have faith in the "blue chip" local stars.Case-in-point:  Our Sunday brunch/happy hour last week was simple, low-key, but perfect. Server John expertly recommended the sparkling Sangria (at only $15, half price!). The refreshing pitcher of it was perfect with the creamy Shrimp Adriatico, and TWO orders of Carlsbad Mussels. Make sure you get plenty of bread too, to wipe up every last bit of the juices here. Keep it up Jay!
3	I have had some ups and downs with Cafe Boa.  On my blog, www.veggieliv.blogspot.com, I wrote a review not too long ago that was nothing but nice, but recently, Cafe Boa has come under new management and changed the menu.  I wrote to them requesting that they bring back some of my old favorites, and they seem to have listened, sending out various apology e-mails to the mailing list promising to redo the menu.The new happy hour menu can finally deliver.  They brought back some of the yummy pastas and fresh flavors that I go there for.  Because of this, they are forgiven...If you want to read the review of the old menu (circa March) from my blog, here it is:I love the Caffe Boa on Mill Ave. The whole restaurant is just adorable. I often sit in the bar because they have a great happy hour from 4-7 (half priced select appetizers, wines by the glass starting at only $5, and a large selection of beers that are all $2 off). I am a vegetarian, and they have plenty of food that I can eat that doesn't seem like an afterthought like many other places, especially for happy hour.  Their happy hour menu includes such gems as the house made ricotta with arugula and campari tomato, penne with mushrooms, delicious bruschetta with olives and capers, and fettucine in a slightly spiced white wine sauce.  The menu changes often, so even though you might fall in love with one particular item (RIP cheese and heirloom tomato board), you are sure to find something else that might appease your appetite.Though a the actual bar is bit small, it has fantastic tall white doors separating the beautiful red brick walls that make it feel much more spacious.  Get their early though to ensure you have enough room for the large plates and even larger glasses of wine, especially if you are going with a group.I would absolutely recommend Caffe Boa for their happy hour, the fantastic and well thought out vegetarian options, delectable pasta, and the great wine selection.
2	Sad but painfully true, Caffe Boa "jumped the shark" years ago.  Attempts to restore CB to it's former glory have fallen woefully short, and if I had to sum up their current business motto(s) it would be this: "Cafe Boa, Purveyors of Pricey Pasta".  "Mediocrity Baked in Every Meal".  "We've Lowered The Bar But Not Our Prices".  "Doling Out Dreadful Bread...But Only If You Ask For It".  You Might Need a Dictionary to Decipher Our Menu, So Just Point At What You Want And Be Prepared To Be Underwhelmed".  Cafe Boa is is a lot like your grandpa that wears shorts with dress shoes and over the calf socks...they quit worrying what people think about them years ago.  Expect service with a smirk, especially if you if dare to darken the doors of their declining establishment with a Groupon in hand.
3	I went for a quick lunch with my parents and ended up staying for over an hour and 20 mins.  We were there just after opening and I don't think they were ready for people yet...but they still seated us.  The food was good, but it just took forever.  And the one waitress seemed to be assisting all of the tables in the main area while some other workers hung around the back on their cell phones.  One girl in particular, I think, thought she was behind a small pillar...she was not. I would go back...but not when I'm pressed for time.  They also didn't have any soup...but she talked about how good their soups were.
2	What happened?  Poor service, loud rap music, so-so food and $9.00 glass of wine?  Wow, it must be the Mill Avenue curse.
3	My husband and I decided to venture down to Mill Ave to spend a Thursday evening and had a pretty good experience at Caffe Boa. I have been to Caffe Boa a few times in their old location and always loved their food. The new location has great ambiance and we enjoyed the atmosphere. Our server, Garrison (I think), was great. He provided great service, was pleasant, and always kept our drinks full (always a sign of an attentive server). The food was good, but not as great as I remember. We started with the heirloom caprese and we really enjoyed it and would recommend it. Our entrees consisted of the Rigatoni Puttanesca and Pici di Tropea (a fairly spicy dish). The entrees were smaller than I remember, especially for the price. However, we would probably return to Caffe Boa and try different dishes.
2	Is the owner over it or something?  This place used to be awesome.  Every once and a while, my friends and I will come in to see if it's shaping up to what it used to be.  Nope.  I have a feeling his employees will be forced to start job hunting soon.To all of you looking for an upbeat experience with good italian food, the Parlor OR Cibo in Phoenix is where it's at.Sorry, Boa.  It's not me-it's you.
2	As others have pointed out, the menu has changed drastically, but I didn't actually have a problem with the change. The food we ordered came out fine. Not anything to write home about, but certainly a touch above mediocre. The problem was the waitress. We were sitting outside and it was quite chilly. She convinced us to order some spiced tea to warm ourselves up and did a good job selling the idea. But the tea never came and the waitress never checked in on us. We didn't even get any waters or the chance to flag her down. Another server dropped off our food in about twenty minutes and we had to ask him to get us some water. How is this acceptable at all? The waitress stopped by and said the bar didn't get the tea together and apologized, promising that she'd send the manager over. The manager never came over and it took another fifteen minutes after we finished eating to get the check and to pay. This place isn't cheap, but even if it was, I would expect better service than what my friend and I received.
4	Our first visit and it was Christmas Eve, and our Anniversary....  truely a wonderful find.  Gwen was wonderful, and both owners were engaging and thoughtful.  I had a dish that wasn't on the menu or special board.  It was something that the owner/chef had just made!!  Peirogis!!  This was extra special for me being Polish, it was a bit of family memories on Christmas.  They were great... cooked in butter and onions just like my family has always made them.     My husband had the spaghetti and meatballs, his go to dish, which he enjoyed.  Would have been nice to have some bread with it though. We also had the Tarimasu and coffee for dessert... great cup of coffee!!  The whole experience was enjoyable, and yummy.
5	This place was amazing. Wish we lived closer to this restaurant.We tried it on a whim.The flatbread was perfect. The caprese salad wonderful. I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!Dessert was the BEST. A greek yogurt pie with fresh berries. Delicious...They had Croatian wines on the menu, which we had to try. Lovely wines.The drink suggested was Anatasia, strawberries with basil and vodka, quite tasty.
1	Just returned from my last visit to Cafe Boa.  Let me describe the experience.  I arrive and am seated outside.  It's lovely out, so, that is a bonus.  I sit down to a filthy, paper menu.  Not so good.  Then I pickup my silverware wrap off my bread plate and the plate is dirty.  The waitress asks me for my drink order and I ask for sweetner with my tea.  She brings my tea and 2 packages of sugar.  I tell her I don't want sugar and she gives me some snide remark about it being the only thing they have and "it is all natural."  All I wanted was some lousy Sweet'N Low.  Never got any bread and the waitress never noticed that I moved the dirty bread plate to the side of the table to get it replaced.  Oh well!  Next I order a salmon caesar salad.  It arrives and the salmon is dry and flavorless.  I'm done.  The best part about the meal was the company.  I won't go there again.  I continue to wonder how they stay in business??????
2	Happy hour is great.If you're a vegetarian, skip dinner.  Your choice is basically just pasta and it's too much to pay for just pasta. I mentioned lack of vegetarian options to owner who said that they can make any pasta dinner without the meat.  Clearly, he doesn't understand that a good restaurant should be able to prepare entrees that celebrate vegetables.  Just removing the meat doesn't make a dish appealing.
1	Tonight I went here for dinner on a date.  The restaurant was relatively empty - Sunday night at 6.   I ordered the mushroom ravioli that was very undercooked.  The sauce was fine. I told the waitress about the undercooked ravioli and she thanked me for letting her know. There was no offer to make it right. She just cleared the plate and offered the dessert menu. Her lack of concern was surprising.This was not my first disappointing experience at this restaurant at this location. I'd steer clear in the future.
5	This place is a gem. The wait staff were all personable and helpful. Our wait person, Seneca, was especially outstanding. The wine recommendations, the outstanding spaghetti and meatballs, deserts, and attention to detail contributed to a great visit. Great little bar, happy hour a place to visit again and again.
5	WOW!  WOW! WOW!If someone forced me to write a three word review for Caffe Boa, the above is what I would write.  But luckily Yelp let's me babble on all day about my favorites and this restaurant just got added to the list.  Caffee Boa is beyond surprising, it is tantalizing.  The wine is organic, so you not only feel warm and cozy from it's effects, you also feel warm and fuzzy knowing you are going natural.Pasta was first class...  Homemade noodles, a sauce that gave me the chills.  We ended up putting in a second order we were so impressed with the first.
5	The food was excellent and our server was awesome, especially since there were 8 of us!
4	I've been to this location numerous times.. One of the recent times I went, I had a Groupon (yeah, I was pretty stoked about that).  We ran in to a big problem when, even after confirming it over the phone, my sister and I arrived for dinner and the waiter told us he couldn't honor it because it was a special weekend (..mind you we had already been seated and ordered a glass of wine).  When we replied that it had already been OKed over the phone, we also asked what was special about that night as there had been no mention of it over the phone, he said there was a big event going on nearby... yeah? really?  where??? where the eff were they eating cuz it sure wasn't busy there??  The place was NOT packed and frankly, I think it was super crappy to say one thing over the phone and then try to reject my Groupon when I get there.I'm not usually a biatch when it comes to stuff like this.. I typically try to be understanding (at least I think I am)... But this time I was piiiisssed.  I don't live in the area so I had to drive a good 30 min to get there and then battle stupid Mill Ave traffic to try and find a decent spot to park... add to that that I even called ahead and inquired (like the Groupon tells you to do so) about using it that weekend and had confirmed it.  OK, so I explained all this to him and he got his Manager, who told me again that it was a misunderstanding and that she couldn't honor it.  I took a deep breath and explained it again to her: "been a long time customer.. travelled far.. confirmed it over the phone.. ridiculous and pretentious of them.. I want my $ back because I didn't expect this from an establishment like theirs.. I expected it from Sizzler or Chili's, but not them" and my sister and I were about to walk out (of course after laying cash down for our wines) when she said okay, they'd honor it.  The server was actually very nice the whole night after this (he was nice from the beginning.. I think he personally felt embarrassed that I had to go through this and had to fight them on this), and it seemed that he felt bad for what happened and tried to make up for it by great service and even great conversation.Anyway... that night, I remember specifically, we had great Pinots and the squid ink pasta with octopus was phenomenal!  My sisters dish was also fantastic.Since that time, I've gone back a few more times and have, again, had excellent dishes with great service.  Their wine selection is refreshing and their staff seems to know what they're saying and take the time to give you good, knowledgeable service and food advice.So besides the little Groupon bump in the road, I'd say they are a great establishment. If they hadn't fought me on the Groupon, you bet I would've given them 1 more star .. but the fact that she finally let me use it AND we've had a superb meal every time (plus the waiter service was great) makes it a 4 star place for now.
5	I came to your restaurant for the first time last night. My husband and I were in Tempe for a few days, and a friend of ours recomended Caffe Boa . We only had 45 minutes to sit down and eat, since we were going to a show immediately after.  We explained this to our server, Gwen, and not only did she understand, she went back to the kitchen and let them know we were in a rush as well!! Everything was wonderful!!! The food and wine were amazing.  We were really pleased with Gwen, because we saw that she was very busy, but made sure we were  well taken care of so we could get to our show on time!! We could not have had a more excellent experience! Next time we are in Tempe, we will be back! Thanks again!!!
4	I went with my best friend for the first time last week.The waiter was fantastic, funny, and made the dining experience very enjoyable. I ordered the pasta with meatballs, I was told everything is made from all natural ingredients...which is appealing if your into this sort of thing (which my BF is into). I has a glass of white wine and flat bread before the meal.The bread was warm and covered with olive oil, yummy... My pasta was cooked perfect (I am picky) flavorful and delicious, the meatballs were old school Italian, perfectionism.The only reason for not giving 5 stars is the decor or lack of, I was seated in the back of the restaurant- which has huge grey walls and reminded me off being in a castle dungeon! The other patrons however appeared very happy and spirited in the front  dining section. I will go again and highly recommend the pasta-you need to try them for sure!
1	Since the lowest amount of stars that can be given is 1 then I guess I have to give one, but I would really prefer to give 0 stars. Well, on Sunday I decided to dine here with a friend before going to a show later on in the evening. We arrived at 5pm and while we did not have reservations the restaurant was barely half filled. We got seated outside by our hostess and were given menus. We waited for 12 minutes and still nobody had so much as come by our table to bring us water. When going to look for a server, the hostess was friendly enough to bring us water and apologize letting us know that someone would be with us momentarily. 13 minutes later (mind you it has now been 25 minutes with no service), still nobody has come by our table.I went in search of the manager and the hostess was polite enough to apologize again (she looked mortified that we were getting such horrible service in a restaurant where she worked). When I mentioned to the manager that we were seated for 12 minutes when we finally got water and now it has been an additional 13 minutes and no sign of our server. He smugly replied that "he brought you water". I smartly replied that "no not 'he' our polite hostess, 'she' brought us the water and no sign of our server anywhere when everyone around us had their drink orders taken and then also their dinner orders taken in the 25 minutes that we were already seated. He seemed completely flippant when stating that someone will be with us shortly. Needless to say, I and my friend walked out deeply disturbed by their careless attitude. It has been the only time I have ever walked out of a restaurant due to complete lack of service.
2	I ordered a salad, the SoCal Love.  It was okay.  About a 1/4 head of butter lettuce, maybe half a tomato, 1/4 avocado (a little over ripe), sprouts.  And a small piece of chicken so tough I had to ask for a steak knife.  $12.25 and no croutons.  And this place will not give you a piece of regular Italian bread.  I was with seven other people and most of the ordered pasta.  Bread to scoop up all that sauce? Nope, you can't get it at this place.  You can order bruschetta, or flat bread.  But you can't get a piece of freaking Italian bread.
4	I've been here twice and both times the food was absolutely amazing but the service was terrible. First time, it was only two of us and the waiter treated us like we didn't belong there. I went there today with a large group of girls for brunch and had the eggs w salmon, which was incredible. It was obvious the waitress couldn't handle a large group by herself. It took about 30mins to get my cup of coffee and when it finally came, it didn't come with a spoon. I had to wait another 15mins for the spoon and the coffee had grease spots floating over the top. WTF?! I've never seen greasy coffee. I didn't feel like waiting another hour for a second cup, so I went inside to the bar and the bartender was awesome and hooked me up w a free shot (of his own delicious creation) and a better cup of joe. I went back outside to wait another 30mins for my food. When I was almost done eating, I asked for more bread, which of course the waitress never brought out. When the check came, she hadn't charged me for the coffee, which I attribute more to her forgetfulness than a good deed. In conclusion, amazing food, shitty service, but awesome bartender!
4	Our road trip group landed here late on a Friday night after a long drive in from LA.  They were about to close but sat us anyway, and I didn't catch a hint of rushing attitude from our waitress during the entire meal.Entrees were quite tasty, and one of us couldn't shut up about his delicious Fettucine Bianca.  Nice wine recs.  Lovely patio.
4	Went for Sunday Brunch and  Bottomless Mimosas--Glad we made reservations as it was packed at open time.  This place is like eating in a friend's backyard, warm and cozy but smack in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Mill Ave.  The food was great, organic and fresh with an interesting take on the breakfast staples....and the bottomless Mimosas are not half bad either ;)
5	Love this place - a total gem!  Great wine list and great food!  They have a pretty cool little outdoor patio but I like sitting at the bar.
1	Went to cafe boa the evening of March 3rd, 2012. Our waiter was exceptionally nice. However we waited almost 45 mins to get our food. That is when we got to meet the manager.  The manager was totally unprofessional. He was dressed like he belonged in a tattoo parlor with his plaid shirt w/ rolled up sleeves to reveal his super trendy forearm tattoos. And he had a punk attitude to match. He told us that our food was late due to theatre rush. When we questioned him on this (since the theatre crowd had left 1/2 hour prior) he made some weird gestures and gave us more attitude and said "would you rather me stand here and lie to you, or be honest" we said "we just want our food, not excuses". At that point, he made more weird gestures and abruptly excused himself. Nice waiter returned and said "I heard that that did not go well" (we must have been the talk of the kitchen). At this point we expressed our frustration and exited the restaurant. We were able to pickup Olive Garden to go in Mesa (very good restaurant, great alternative to Cafe Boa) for a much more reasonable price.I have been a resident of Az for 14 years and have been to cafe boa many times in the past. But I will never go back to the one in Tempe as long as that manager is there.
4	Came to Tempe for St. Patty's Day to walk around Mill Ave and join in the festivities. Mill seems to be the party street for the ASU campus and certainly held true to that on this drinking holiday. It was a little overwhelming trying to keep everyone in our group together with the crowds and so many distractions. We ended up ducking into Cafe Boa to relax and get a few drinks. It was in the middle of the afternoon but had a very nice ambiance and the bar tenders were all very cheery and talkative. This seems like one of the nicer bars/restaurants on Mill and will for sure be back. I would recommend it for drinks and appetizers but if you are coming here for a full sit down meal the entrees looked a bit expensive, about $20 a plate.
2	way too over priced for the food you get... not my cup of tea ...
3	First time here.  Service was impeccable and very timely.  Read other reviews about the water - but server greeted us with fresh cucumber water immediately.  He was less knowledgeable about the wine, and the glass he helped my husband choose was the most expensive, and not good (we think the bottle had been opened from night before, it was warm and not pleasant).  But he was very helpful, gave wonderful recommendations, etc. We ordered oysters which were marvelous.  My wine (Merlot) was the right temperature and great tasting.  I ordered server's recommendation: Agnolotti Pasta: Mushroom Ravioli with Tomato Cream sauce, and added meatballs.  Superb - al dente on the fresh pasta, the sauce was more tomato than cream (bulked with cheese, not so much cream, he told me), and the meatballs were wonderful. We also shared a SoCal salad, which had light champagne dressing that was perfect. My husband ordered Fettucini Bianca, after reading another Yelper's review.  He added salmon.  It was bland, he had to ask for pepper, and still couldn't get it to perk up.  He said the salmon was the most flavorful part (I'd questioned whether adding salmon may have hindered the flavor of the dish).  Told our server, when he came to offer dessert, that we just realized we were late for a show, and he returned the check and the credit card transaction happened so quickly, I didn't even notice it.  So he was very in tuned to our needs, responsive, and a delight throughout the experience. The only reason we didn't give this a 4 or 5 is because my husband's meal was less than stellar (could be our taste buds, but....) and at $16/glass of his wine, it wasn't good. If the review had been based from my meal alone, it would've been a 4-5.  We'll be going back and giving it antoher shot - the atmostphere is really great.  Service was wonderful.  Food tasted fresh.
5	I've been here several times, and most likely will continue to come here. The food is amazing!!! If you don't mind waiting and by waiting I mean waiting to get your order taken, food to arrive, and waiting for your check. Average sit down time would be about an hour. I would also recommend not getting seated next to the plants outside (trust me). If you go here definitely get dessert!!!
5	My sister and I are always on a quest to find the perfect spot to meet up and catch up. I flew in from California, and we were looking for someplace quiet, with a great selection of wine. The atmosphere was absolutely awesome, food superb and service wonderful. The Patio was quaint and charming.I ordered the bib lettuce salad, ask to have feta cheese added and they did that without a problem. My sister had the Bruschetta with tomatoes in balsamic dressing topped with 2 over easy eggs.I would highly recommend you try out this wonderful restaurant, We will be back to try everything on their menu.
5	Great food. Nice Lighting. Attractive bartenders. Amazingly concocted martinis. Love this place.
4	Creative menu and wonderful serviceThe patio is very welcoming lattice of overgrown greenery and background music provides a great atmosphere just a stones throw from Mill Ave.  The decor is rich with warm hues great  lighting and dark chunky wood furniture.The service was GREAT...rachel was energetic and very knowledgeable about the menu both food and wine. (excellent wine list) We had the flat bread the primavera salad the salad is a warm salad which we were not expecting but was made with local organic ingredients from South Mountain.  Full of texture, flavor and veggies..fava beans and artichokes, good but not great.  my favorite part of the meal was the halibut ceviche served with light fried crispy flour tortilla points..fresh tomatoes, onion, cucumber, avodcado and  tender perfectly marinated halibut.  The voodoo pasta was cooked al dente, very flavorful, just enough of a cajun kick to the cream sauce!  Overall..we dine for the ambiance and fresh eclectic organic menu and great wines. Perfect for a date night!
5	This food was so delicious that we ate there three times during our vacation.  The restaurant atmosphere is very warm and  inviting.  It is a french euro style and it seems very clean.  The patio is lovely.  The service people are very friendly and attentive.  I saw this place featured on Food Networks "Mystery Diners" and I thought it was funny.  The silly waitress they featured had to be a plant (nothing like free advertisement).   The restaurant owner, Jay, is the friendliest guy and he just wants you to enjoy the made to order food and your time while at Caffe Boa.  The Brunch is fantastic.  Fresh Blueberry pancakes - so yum!  I love the way the flatware is tied in linen and a rosemary sprig.  The wait staff are so great...definitely 5 star caliber.  Ask for Kyle if you can...his knowledge of the wine list and the menu were superb + he is really cute.  This was just a terrific dining experience x 3.
3	The original location. I've heard great things about this place and was excited to walk in for happy hour. Unfortunately, from my first step inside I was quite disappointed. Partly because I imagined the inside of the restaurant to resemble their outside patio seating and partly because the bar was full with limited seating in general.People keep raving about their sangrias so friend and I ordered a glass of white sangria each. It had a surprise kick of cinnamon which was unexpected but nice. I would rate the drink itself a 4 star. Then to start off our "dinner" we ordered their shrimp, mussels, and two different bruschetta. Reactions to -shrimp: both of us were quite disappointed in the shrimp. Their sauce was good but there were about 5 pieces of shrimp in the dish and they didn't look appetizing at all because they were so small. Waste of $6Mussels: this was pretty good. the mussels were definitely better tasting than the shrimp and came in bigger proportion. The only flaw was that there were about 4 empty shells in the bowl adding to our disappointment.Bruschetta: both of them came on toasted bread that didn't taste as good as we had hoped. Friend kept comparing them to the ones at La Bocca and rated La Bocca much higher. This night ended up with us hurrying to pay our bill and running to La Bocca during the last 10 minutes we had to make it to their happy hour.
5	My girlfriend and I had seen and episode of mystery diners about cafe boa, so we decided to give it a try to see if the service was as bad as it was on the show.  I had brunch here yesterday.  I have to say it was excellent.  The service was amazing, bottomless mimosa's and bellinis, and great atmosphere on what was a miserably hot day.  We took the light rail down to mill and walked there, not a far walk at all, very convenient.  Our waitress was very sweet and attentive but not overbearing.  I had the shaved turkey sandwich with red pepper aioli.  It was one of the better sandwiches I have had in a very long time.  I most definitely be returning to cafe boa.
4	Great place Sunday evenings to relax and finally slow down after a busy weekend. Happy Hour with Carlsbad mussels and Shrimp Adriatico, $6 each, with half price wines as bookends. Nate took care of us, even comp'ing some drinks when the apps were late.  Our local fav!
3	I just noticed that my last several reviews have been cynical write-ups about places that have really bad food and/or really bad service.  Obviously, I need to write a review about a place I like.  Unfortunately, Caffe Boa is not that place, but I'll write a review about it anyways.I have eaten at the Tempe location three times.  All three times, someone else paid for the meal.  For this reason, I don't actually regret eating here.  And honestly, not having actually paid for a meal here might have improved my rating one star.But about the food.The bruschetta is good.  Get it with the goat cheese.  And when we had five people at the table, they were perceptive enough to bump up the order size from four slices to five.  Good call on that one, Caffe Boa.I've had a little less luck with the entrees.  I've had the burger, which on paper, should be delicious.  It has fancy cheese and some other fancy toppings.  But aside from that, it was pedestrian.  Maybe if they had actually cooked it medium rare instead of medium well, I'd feel differently.  Why do cooks struggle so mightily to cook something medium rare?  Are people in Arizona so bland that absolutely nobody orders a burger medium rare, thus leaving the poor cooks out of practice?I had a seared fish sandwich the other day.  They were kind enough to swap out the salmon for the fish of the day, which was halibut.  This should have been delicious.  Unfortunately, "seared" apparently meant "cooked all the way through to the point of total dearth of moisture."  Others at the table had the halibut outside of the sandwich, and made the same observation about their apparent definition of "seared."Also, the side that comes with the fish sandwich is pretty lame.  Basically chickpeas with bell peppers.  Boring.And a place as upscale and pricey as this should probably consider offering a more interesting non-alcoholic beverage than fountain Coke products.  I felt a little rough scoffing at the poor waitress when she described Barq's as "root beer," but really, I'd feel ashamed working at an establishment with so little class.
3	from May 20, 2010 -- or those of you who love the mediocre food and service of Caffe Boa Ahwatukee (no relation), don't go to the Tempe big sister. Tempe's Caffe Boa, headed by Chef Payton Curry, is sleek, friendly and a foodie's dream. The new spring/summer menu, just launched, shows the kitchen's skill. homemade charcuterie, good cheese selection, a tasty burger and inventive panini. the crown to the whole menu? the new gnocchi dish...homemade, soft on the inside, crunchy on the outside sauteed in browned butter and sage, served with preserved lemon, grilled favas and a fried egg on top. died and gone to heaven. service is relaxed but not slow and cordial. so happy we tempeans now have an outstanding fresh, seasonal, local gem in our neck of the woods. why travel further? update: Payton no longer there...restaurant has gone back to old menu. haven't had the opportunity to try it again, but friend just went there last night and didn't seem to have many complaints. it is a higher end, food centric restaurant that Tempe needs more of.
2	This place gets a two star primarily because the white wine sangria was very tasty. Other than that, was not very impressed at all. I came for a friend's bday dinner the other day. The restaurant was completely empty yet we, a table of 9 had the slowest service possible. And our server kept disappearing. Seriously there may have been two other small tables but that is it. The menu looked impressive but the end food result was very lacking. I don't like paying for an expensive meal that is not good. The $13.00 salad I ordered was tiny and extremely bland. Even the $15 peach appetizer just wasn't good either. The prosciutto did not taste right. I recommend saving your money by not coming here. There are plenty of other options available in the EV that have a similar menu, but are not as pricey and have better service.
2	I went there for dinner one evening last week with some friends. We all thought our food was very good and the service was fine. My only complaint is that I parked in a public parking garage off of Mill Ave and brought my ticket to the restaurant to be validated. I just assumed that all business do that for their customers. I was wrong. Cafe Boa does not validate parking.  I had to pay $6.00 to park my car which I wasn't prepared for. Way to encourage customers to patronize your business! t
2	Sure, the food is tasty. Their salads are fresh and the sauce is great on all of their pastas. The flatbread is good (though not worth the price). HOWEVER, their service is truly terrible. We had a reservation for 15 people for a birthday party on the weekend, where we would have spent a LOT of money on drinks, appetizers, and our main meals. All we asked was whether we could bring our own cake, and we got a condescending "You should have let us know earlier. We have our own pastry chef to make cakes. That will be a $35 charge regardless of whether you cut it yourself or not." response followed by being HUNG UP ON by the manager. Needless to say, reservation canceled only 5 hours before the party! We were happy to leave the cake at home, but you don't hang up on us and still get our money and patronage. NO salad is worth that! This is not an anomaly, nor are we a group of hillbillies. The last birthday party I went to there the service was so strange and slow, even though the restaurant was virtually empty and we ordered every appetizer, multiple cocktails, entree specials and several bottles of wine. For a very pricey place, I expect to be treated as a valued customer. Want an alternative? La Bocca on Mill is just as beautiful, just as tasty, slightly less pricey, and will happily accommodate any party (even with 5hrs to go before start time) and ANY cake. Move your party down the street and give some friendly people your money!
5	I have been to Caffe Boa twice and the service and food was excellent both times.  There is one problem though.  On my first visit I had the rigatoni puttanesca which was so good it forced me to have it again on my second visit.  This sauce is so rich and flavorful that it could make you consider licking your plate.
5	Great ambience, classy, modern, and chic with great food and service; what more could you ask for?  I thoroughly enjoyed the blackened chicken penne with red onions and bell pepper, and their white sangria was also delicious.  It is a bit pricey but for special occasions, will most definitely be back!
5	Solid Happy Hour, and you definitely want Taylor serving you...what a treat!  Anyway, from 4-7, half-price delicious, high quality ingredient app's, half price WBTG (under $10), patio or bar seating.  What's not to like?
4	I love Caffe Boa! Great drinks and delicious food, just one thing: what is UP with the size of the beet salad? A little skimpy, don't ya think? :)
4	Enjoyed the voodo pasta and bruschetta. Taylor gave great service.
5	I finally got to try this restaurant on Friday, 1/4/12, with my daughter. I was so glad to see the new street parking meters that now take credit cards or coins. The restaurant is larger than what we were expecting, and very well decorated. I like the high-ceiling open concept where the air flows better. We had a great meal: I started with the Hayride drink (fresh apple cider with alcohol); my entree was the ravioli stuffed with butternut squash and salad greens (de-lish!); for dessert I had the blueberry tarte with whipped cream (I later learned that the owner, Christine, makes them by hand each morning). Our server, Rachel, was the best. Everything was wonderful and we will definitely be returning.
3	Pros: Great environment, decor, service.Cons: Way too expensive for what you're getting.I ordered the "Agnolotti" Boa raviolli and was disappointed that it was cold when served to me. And for $17, I would have expected more than 9 raviollis!! That's almost $2 per noodle, lol. Luckily it tasted pretty good and I was able to offset some cost by using a coupon from LocalDines. The two people I was withOverall, its a great environment, but for me, the food was not worth the price.
2	We visited Cafe Boa on Saturday night with a 7:30 reservation.  Long story short, we didn't leave until 9:30 and not by our choice.  It literally took 2 hours for our fairly simple pasta dishes to be delivered to the table.  Aside from that our salads arrived well before our appetizer.It gets worse...There were 3 other 2 tops on the patio with us that all experienced the same service.  I witnessed a person from each of those tables literally get up to find the manager to complain.  Suspiciously, a 4 top sitting right next to us that was seated at the same time as us and received all of the items they ordered in a reasonable amount of time and in the correct sequence.  Someone at that table must have been very special for them to not experience what every other table around us did.But wait, there's more...When the manager finally showed up at our table he apologized and explained there must have been an issue with taking too many reservations.  I completely understand that mistakes happen, but I expect that they will do the customary restaurant thing and make it right.  He offered us each a glass of wine, which was a step in the right direction, but that was not nearly enough.  When the bill arrived I was shocked that the food we waited 2 hours for remained on our bill.  Our experience was so disappointing on many levels.  This restaurant has a good reputation, really good food, and I've never heard anything bad about the service.  The food was fantastic but the service was really bad at every step of the way culminating with the lack of compensation for the ultimate reason we were not happy.  I wish I could recommend this place just for the food.  Maybe a take out would be the better option.
2	Meh. This place used to be amazing! I commend the fact that they have gone organic, but the quality has fallen below par. Our service was less than metocre as well. We were sold on the "5th generation Heirloom tomato caprese" for our appetizer. Nothing fancy, just so so green tomatos and rather bland mozzarella. (Delux has a better Caprese) Our waiter delivered the app without even bringing us small plates to share. The shrimp in my fetticuine bianca was overcooked and rubbery, the sauce was great though. The other entree was mixed up twice. Both weren't even that good. Just blanched ravioli with one premade reheated tomato creamm sauce and the other with a way to salty brown butter sauce. When asked about the notes we were looking for in our wine the waiter wasn't to sure and seemed to stumble through each question we asked about the menu. Dissapointed, but at least my date was beautiful.
5	Love this place! I was traveling to Tempe for business and stumbled into this gem.  It was a Tues night and I made it in time to find a great seat at the bar right before happy hour.  They had really unique drinks, the bartenders were super friendly and willing to make suggestions.  They have an excellent wine list; even had Robert Sinskey which is a pretty rare find. Their happy hour menu has small bites under $7.  I ordered the shrimp adriatico  which was a really nice portion along with a pasta with olive oil and garlic.  I thought the food was great.  I noticed the place filled up quickly for happy hour and stayed that way through the early dinner rush.  I would certainly recommend anyone going to Mill Ave. try this place. You won't be disappointed.
5	This is one of the best restaurants we have been to in a long time. We had a relative in from out of time and we re thoroughly I impressed with this little gem. Our waitress was very knowledgable about everything, especially the wine list. My husband is from Maine so seafood is always an issue. He was totally impressed with the scallops. The snapper was a delight. Everything was delicious! The atmosphere was wonderful. I just can't say enough good things about this place. Being the foodies that we are we stay home more than we frequent restaurants. But we will definitely be back to this place.
2	We went here with a large group for a birthday party and the service was pretty good but the food left a lot to be desired. It was edible but far from good. My raviolis tasted like chef boyarde raviolis from a can, which I happen to like but not for the price they were charging.
5	Really great food. At lunch order the $9.99 combination of half salad and half pasta.
3	Like the location and the restaurant very much. We came on a busy Tempe Arts Festival weekend. The service was adequate although the sheer number of tattoos on our server was distracting. I am a sucker for homemade ravioli and the porcini mushroom with a tomato cream sauce did not disappoint. My lunchmates butternut squash with sage butter was better. $37.00 (including tax and tip) for two plates of ravioli  and two glasses of water, tis  a bit steep for me for lunch. Nary a breadstick or foccocia in sight. I have a large appetite so this was not enough food and although it was good, not $18 plus dollars worth. I may return but not likely.
4	Great place to impress a first date, just make sure it's payday. Great food and atmosphere with just the right amount of class and sophistication. Live music is a big plus when available.
4	I've been to Caffe Boa a few times for breakfast or lunch.  They are great for a Sunday morning brunch because of their bottomless mimosas/bellinis and half-priced sangria.  The food is great; they have delicious salads and a breakfast menu designed to make decisions difficult.  I had the french toast, which was almost a dessert it was so decadent.  Others in my party tried the omelette and crepes, both of which were deemed very good.  I don't believe I've tried their pasta yet, but I've heard great things!I love the atmosphere in here.  It feels very classy and very un-Mill Avenue.  There's indoor or outdoor seating for appropriate weather.Service is very polite, albeit a little stuffy at times.  The prices are higher than you might find at other Tempe breakfast spots, but since the restaurant is of a higher caliber, it's good for the occasional meal with friends or date.  A slice of cucumber in the water was a lovely touch that freshened up the water enough to persuade me to actually drink it.When my budget can accommodate this type of outing, Caffe Boa is a great place for it!
1	So this place is near my office and every time we have a new employee we drag them to this nightmare.  The pasta dishes are the only thing I've had on the menu that are decent and I can recommend some much better Italian food if that's what you're looking for.  Today's adventure was their Rueben...it was almost totally inedible. The meat was good but the bread was hard and over all the sandwich was super dry.  It's not inexpensive to eat there so I would expect the food to be better. The thing I dislike the most about this place is that it literally takes 2 hours to complete lunch, the service is HORRIBLE.  Do not bother coming here.
5	This place has a warm ambiance, intimate tables, insanely savory food, and an unmatched wine and cocktail selection. Caffe Boa not only has fantastic dinner atmosphere but it's also great for brunch and an after work happy hour date. Pricing is moderate, especially for how delightful the menu is. The menu is so fresh and they support locally grown food. I love this place!
3	When you walk up the restaurant you see the inviting outdoor dining area. Even though there are people walking by it's not disruptive. I ordered the half salad, half veggie panini. My husband ordered the lasagna. Everything was delicious, but the portions were small. If we were dieting then the portions would have been perfect. The prices were high for the amount of food you get.
4	Tasty food, friendly staff, I can recommend Brunch, especially on Sundays. Wow Sangria half price, what a deal!The 3 bruchettas recommended by the waitress were deliciious: proscuitto, tomato and ricotta.I also had the peach jelly crepes, very light and lovely. Maybe a little too much jelly, but tasty.My friend had the polenta brunch dish and enjoyed it.Sat outside and it was very pleasant. Towards the end they turned on the music which was a little loud. I was there to catch up with an old friend and it made it a little hard to hear.
2	I've been to the Ahwatukee location many times and I absolutely love the food there. I stopped by the Cafe Boa on Mill (I don't actually think they are affiliated) to give it a try for lunch since it's not too far from my new job. The $9.95 lunch special is a great deal but the food was a little underwhelming. The beet salad had baby beets instead of large roasted beets so the flavor was lacking. Also huge pieces of apple that seems out of place with the other flavors and made the salad hard to eat. I also ordered the Proshoot panini which was not a panini at all but more like a wrap made with a thick flatbread. There was one thin slice of prosciutto and a small dollop of some kind of soft cheese and then the rest was arugula with a balsamic reduction. The arugula was the overpowering flavor which might not have been so bad if it were not also so prominent in the salad. I am glad I got my greens for the day but seriously it was too much.I am sure I will be back, just because of the location and the pleasant atmosphere, so I may give them another star after trying some of the other items on the menu. Their pasta dishes all sound great.
5	We had a great dinner there last Saturday. Great atmosphere, excellent food, and very good service. One note; the wine list is exotic (and pricey!). I missed the more affordable bottles (they're on the back of the food menu), but they had my favorite single malt Scotch so I was happy.
5	Their food is a bit expensive but they have a great happy hour and $15 sangria pitchers on sundays. Love this place!
4	I had the Voodoo Penne with GF pasta. It was outstanding.They must have used a whole box of GF pasta because there sure was a lot on my plate. Just a hint of heat, but not so much it was overpowering.Chicken was moist and tender; as opposed to most chicken in restaurant pasta dishes which seems to be tough and chewy. Peppers and onions were just the right amount of crispy and soft at the same time.Folks had the "Agnolotti" Boa and Summer Squash Ravioli, which they both very much enjoyed. Their portions weren't quite as big as mine, but they still left full and happy.Modern music (Black Keys, MGMT) at an appropriate volume so you can actually have a conversation. Well decorated and dim without being dark.Our waitress (let's call her "stars") was great; very friendly and attentive. She also pronounced all the Italian dishes and wines correctly.Can't wait to go back and try something else.
3	Came here with my boyfriend because he was super excited about the gluten-free pasta options. Great atmosphere. The waiter was incredibly knowledgable about the wine. I decided on the Voodoo Penne, which was good, but for $16 I'd like to have more than three pieces of chicken. I just don't think it was worth the money we spent. Will we be back? Probably, but only because of the gluten free options.
5	Caffe Boa is an excellent local restaurant with a friendly staff and amazing happy hour. The atmosphere is definitely a notch above most other spots on Mill, and it's perfect for a date or casual drinks with friends. I always bring my friends from out of town here, and we've never been disappointed in the food, drinks or service. I can't say enough good things. I love this place!
4	A street bum guided me to this restaurant.  Not on purpose.  And I'm not really sure how purposeful a bum can be.  Although I am sure bums have a purpose, in the general sense, but in a very specific sense, I'm just not sure.Anyhow, this bum asked me for change and was really insulted when I said I didn't have any.  Maybe it was the clinking of change in my pocket that bothered him?  If I were a bum, that would have annoyed me.  His eyes glistened and narrowed and his well-fed pit bull's tongue slapped on his saggy cheeks.  I just kept on a walkin' as they say.  Or I say.As I ventured further down Mill, I saw another bum perk up when he saw me (or heard my clinking change) and start to head my way with probably what was most likely to be a purposeful question involving coinage.  But since all I was doing on Mill was looking for a decent place to eat that didn't serve "wings" and play music that sounded like tennis shoes in the spin cycle, and I was hot and hungry, I immediately did an exit stage left and guided my feetsies around the corner, where I happened upon the Caffe Boa, which was, turns out, exactly the type of restaurant I was looking for.  It wasn't the run-of-the-Mill (tee hee, get it?  get it?) dudes and chicks greasy (plastic) spoonery.In fact, what I most like about this place is visual.  It's pleasantly spacious and elegant, the staff are gorgeous, and the food is beautimous (yeah, fake word).As a gay guy, there's nothing nicer than having a studly, handsome straight man being obsequious and asking you how you like it.  Makes me feel powerful.  Now I know how any ordinary guy probably feels dining at Hooters.The only thing I didn't really appreciate was that being the wines are largely organic, I didn't know them, and asked for a recommendation from one of the cuties.  It was happy hour and the wine he recommended specifically wasn't a happy hour wine.  I didn't realize it until I got the tab.  I just think if I, the customer, don't know any better, than give the customer advantage of asking, get a good wine with a good price, earn his trust.  The tip would be reflected.  That particular waiter turned out to disappear, so he recommended, then left.  Darn, he was cute, too.  Brownie points though for knowing he could screw with me, but..not..screw with me...damn, where did he go?But my "real" waiter was even super cuter, so I could deal.  I enjoyed watching him flirt with girls.  I even pondered putting my hair up in a pony tail and leaning over the bar a lot.  And since I was indeed sitting at the bar, staring is de rigeur, especially since there wasn't any dumb sports TV on.Anyhow, I'd agree with other reviewers, that the price is price-y.  I think it was $55 for my lunch, including tip and regular priced wine.  I didn't care; and when you come here, you should be prepared not to care.  And if you think the waitstaff is hot, you may be in a blinded-by-beauty stupor anyway, even after you sign the receipt and tip.  You might not realize what it cost until the credit card statement comes.Aside from the handsome staff and attractive food, the service was professional and knowledgeable and expedient; and the food tasted fresh, unique and wholly satisfying.  I was so happy that I ordered dessert, which is rare for me.  They get their desserts made elsewhere the waiter told me, and what I ordered was fantabulous.  It was some creamy banana-y thing in an attractive glass.  I don't know what it was called, just ask for the puddin'.I also enjoyed that I felt I could hang there and relax.  No one was rushing me or taking my plate away as soon as I take my final bite so they can rid of me and get the table cleansed and prepped for the next customer.  No, none of that.  It's relax and enjoy, stare awhile... I mean, stay awhile!When I next have a wad of cash and need candy, eye and stomach, I will come here again.  I may even give a bum some change next time, or even ask him where a good place to eat is.  The pit bull knows.
4	I stopped going for a bit as I felt the service and general taste of food had gone down)Only went the other day because a co-worker loves their lunch specials. Was greeted promptly and our food was very very good! Keep this up and we'll be back...
5	Five stars for Cafe Boa being one of the very few places in Phoenix that caries Slovenian and Croatian wines, on top of having a very impressive wine list.  Vipava Valley, Karst, Podravje, and Croatian island varietals can all be found on the menu.  Five stars for not having ubiquitous Californian blends with no history.  And the food, the service (sit at the bar), and the decor is top notch too.
5	Went today at 11:30 and were told that they were only serving brunch. As we were about to leave, then the owner came over and told us that the kitchen could could the regular lunch menu.  We stayed and had a very nice relaxing lunch. Two had the ravioli and they were gone very quickly. The other pastas were devoured just as quickly. My burger and salad were delicious. Good service and nice atmosphere, not your typical Mill bar restaurant.
3	I have been here for Valentine's Day dinner as well as Happy Hour after work.  I much prefer HH after work.  It's very laid back and quaint which is nice for HH and glasses of wine under $10 are 50% during happy hour.  We had two different bruchetta "flavors" and a cheese board.  Both were awesome...the Pecan Butter Bruchetta is VERY rich...good, but rich. ;)  The bartenders were very knowledgeable on all of their wines and awesome to shoot the shii with.  I will absolutely be back to post up at the bar again after work, great way to end the day. :)
5	I have been eating at this restaurant since their original location farther south on Mill Avenue when I moved to Tempe in 1997.  First time I walked by and smelled the food, I knew I had to try it.  I read about it being voted best first date restaurant, so I have been there on 2 first dates.  Luckily the 2nd 1st Date ended up working.  2 years later, with the help of their dessert to distract her, I proposed and she accepted.  The owner was there and treated us very well that night to congratulate us.  While planning our wedding, I got the sudden diagnosis of a brain tumor, and we had to completely change our wedding plans on a very short notice.  Jay and Christine were out of country, yet they still helped us put together a very last minute private dinner for the family for our wedding reception in June 2012.  My family is still raving about the food.  They served and sliced our wedding cake for us too.  I got to say one of the best sentences in history "now time for wedding cake, champagne and tiramisu".   Their food is always superb, I highly recommend the Agnolotti Boa, Vodoo Penne, and of course the Tiramisu can't be beat.  Their menu does have some seasonal changes, but when they have the caprese with Burrata, it is a must have.  It was the first place I ever tried Burrata, and my wife and I have been hooked ever since.  My wife and I returned for our 1st anniversary, and much to my surprise she had a top of our wedding cake re-created (since we didn't have one to keep), and had it delivered to the restaurant.  They brought it out as a complete surprise to me (only time I have eaten there without getting Tiramisu, but it didn't matter).  I have probably eaten here 30-40 times over the last 16 years, and I have never had a plate of pasta I didn't devour and wipe the plate clean with bread (which unfortunately they don't provide complimentary anymore).  I don't drink anymore, but when I did, their wine selection was good and their staff was very knowledgeable of them.  They carried my favorite gin (Hendricks) and happily obliged when I ordered a Hendricks Gin & Tonic with cucumber instead of lime... trust me... try one.  Hands down this is my favorite restaurant to go to, the only hard decision my wife and i have when we want to go, is which table do we sit at... the first date?  the engagement?  the head table from our wedding reception?  the first anniversary table?
2	Caffe Boa is an upscale Italian restaurant located in the midst of College Town Tempe, and has been praised for being better than the greasy spoons that students often patronize.  It is indeed that, and the ambiance (especially on the patio in good weather) is of that same class.  But the food, for the most part, is not.Appetisers were particularly disappointing, both small, unimaginative, and lacking flavor.  The shrimp was really terrible, having that soapy taste you can get with poorly prepared shellfish.  The bread lacked taste and crispness.  Not good.  The entries were spotty but a bit better.  The pasta with rabbit was both creative and tasty, but the chicken with rosemary was overcooked (as was the halibut).  Worse yet, service was pleasant but very very slow.  It took an hour and a half from the time we ordered our entrees to when we got them.  And the third strike is the price -- too high for what you get, although I do not agree with some of the complaints about small portion size for the entrees.
1	HORRIBLE experience! I went here to celebrate on my birthday and brought my own cupcakes. I called before hand and they said that it would he fine to do that and they would keep them in the walk in fridge. The dinner was ok, nothing special and was small in portion. At the end of dinner, theirs was a fee on each of our individual checks. When I asked, the manager came over and said it was a "cake cutting fee." First, I brought cup cakes, they were not cut. Then she said that we could have bought desert from them but since we didn't, they are loosing money so therefore need to charge a fee to bring in dessert. I explained that I called ahead of time and no one ever explained that. She said "its like bringing in a steak and asking us to cook it for you!" I said, no because im not asking you to bake me anything, just keep it in the fridge! She would not budge and threatened to call the police if the fee wasn't paid. I will NEVET recommend this place to anyone, worst customer service ever.
5	I just ate at Caffe Boa for the first time and my whole family was extremely pleased. For starters, they have a very nice decor and ambiance and the staff was stellar. The little things like having fresh rosemary tucked into the napkin with the flatware made the experience a bit more special. The menu is full of ingredients that are locally sourced, naturally grown, wild caught, etc and that's why we went there today. There were many delicious options on the menu and gluten free pasta was available on request. My Bianca pasta dish, with the gluten free noodles, and added wild caught salmon was really comforting and delicious. I would definitely order it again. My 3 year old's gluten free pasta with marinara was great and inexpensive. My husband's sandwich was quite good, though he would've preferred the bread to be a bit less toasted. Mom had the same as I (Bianca pasta with gluten free noodles and salmon) and she licked her plate clean. Dad had the voodoo pasta and loved it. Oh, calamari was very fresh and delicious. I was impressed with the salad options, though I didn't get one. They're mostly organic, and the option for a cheese appetizer plate where you could pick out from a number of raw cheeses was intriguing. I didn't do the cheese plate, but I was tempted because it's not often you find raw cheeses on menus. The iced tea was delicious as was the coffee, but I wish they would make their coffee organic.The dessert menu didn't offer much in the way of gluten free but wow it all sounded elegant and amazing.My whole family enjoyed the experience so much that we have decided it will be our official meeting place for family dinners when my parents come out that way to Tempe.
2	Place is nice but the reservation took an hour, waiting for the table 10 min, appetizer 25 min. Its good if you are not in a rush.
3	Walking down Mills St. I noticed Ncounter restaurant was packed. Then walking around corner found Cafe Boa. Pleasant patio and not crowded. The coffee is very good.  But, be warned a refill is a second cup and a second charge. The food is good snd tasty. But remember that a restaurant that brings out water with a cucumber is pricey. I recommended this restaurant, if you have the pesos. Thanks for reading.  The Bike Chaplain
1	Had a simple salad... Butter lettuce, walnuts literally that's it with salmon. Something like $12 for it and it literally looked and tasted like they just threw the items on the plate. No tossing or arranging or anything. At least the lettuce was washed. The salmon tasted frozen and had huge peppercorns crusted onto the top... I was hungry so I ate it but was not happy at all this was their idea of a $12 salad. My boyfriend had the adriattico boa? I think that's what it was and said the tomato cream tasted like the vodka sauce from Safeway... Cafe Boa used to be good, now not so much.  I think it's lost it's luster and they have a lot of nerve charging the prices they do for mediocre food. Probably won't eat there again.
4	Absolutely beautiful restaurant and cool patio if you choose to sit outside.  Salmon salad was very good. I also ordered the cheese and prosciutto plate. It's advertised $17 for your choice of 3 however when I asked the waitress to confirm that any 3 was $17 she said yes. However when I got my check there was $22 charge for it. Apparently the Italian truffle cheese was $5 up charge. She didn't take care of this and hold up to her word so that left a bad taste in my mouth. Upsetting. Not worth it!  Come for Sunday brunch as everything is 1/2 off. Food is organic and local
3	The atmosphere was simply beautiful here--went on a Saturday with a big group of friends for lunch and sat outside on the patio.  You sit underneath a gorgeous overhang of flowers and vines.  Cool, mellow music plays in the background.  The waiter was very nice and didn't rush us even though we sat and chatted for hours or get mad when we asked him to split the bill multiple ways.We ordered the bruschetta to split--came with four pieces of toasted bread overflowing with fresh tomatoes, EVOO, and your choice of feta or goat cheese (goat was divine!).  I ordered the Agnolotti Boa (as they didn't have many vegetarian options)--ravioli, grilled and marinated mushrooms, tomato cream, Grana Padano.  Was really tasty (not too creamy) but was too small of a portion to warrant the $16 price tag.  Glad I went once but not sure I'll be back.
5	My husband and I ended up at Caffe Boa by chance and had brunch. It. Was. Excellent! We got the Croissant Croque Monsieur and the Polenta Bowl and they were both so delicious. The quality of the ingredients was great, it really made our eating experience better than the average breakfast! Also, my latte was rich, frothy, beautiful and so yummy and our sever was helpful.We will be back!
1	I went here on Saturday night for a friend's birthday dinner. The waitress was so nice, very helpful and very knowledgable. We had a big party and people trickled in slowly and she didn't seem to mind. Everyone ordered and the food did take awhile to come, but that wasn't a big deal.  We were going out drinking after this, so I ordered the burger. I know places like this tend to serve small plates, so something greasy and filling seemed like a better idea. I ordered my burger meduim. When it came, it was well done and so dry I couldn't eat it. It was served on a large ciabatta bread, and the burger was tiny compared to the bread. It was very disappointing. The fries were okay, though some were covered in chili powder. So the food was disappointing but the atmosphere was nice and the company was great, so it wasn't a total loss. Then it was time for the bill. The waitress kindly split the check, and a gratuity was added automatically due to our party size. Everyone but myself and another person paid with a card. Our bills were about $30 with tip included. We both left two twenty dollar bills. The waitress dropped off everyone's cards very quickly and then said, "Have a great night," and disappeared. At first we gave her the benefit of the doubt, "Oh maybe she does cards separaetly from cash and she'll come back with our change." She never came back with our change. We tried to find her, but we couldn't see her anywhere. We had another reservation so we couldn't stay and complain, so we just left without making a big fuss. I was completely floored by someone being that presumptuous and giving herself that huge of a tip. She essentially gave herself a $15 tip on a $25 bill twice. I will never go back to this place. The food is fancy but isn't worth the price. And I will never go somewhere that steals from me so blatantly.
5	Visiting PHX for our anniversary from St. Louis...... We celebrated our anniversary at what we thought was the perfect place in Scottsdale - that experience left a lot to be desired and we decided we deserved a do-over.  We had walked by Caffe Boa several times and decided to give it a try..... Thankfully we did because our waiter, Peter, put our first experience at Caffe Boa at the very top of our dining experiences and gave us the perfect anniversary dinner!!! He was extremely knowledgeable of everything on the menu, offered beer/wine pairings for our appetizers and entrees, and was very attentive.  The food was amazing!!  My husband had the rabbit - I know but it was delish as I stole a few bites.  I had the Voodoo Penne and it was perfect!  Highly recommend and ask for Peter :)
3	Average food, little flavor, good atmosphere, decent prices. I went with a group of 10 and we asked for the bill to be split, and the waiter was annoyed, but he charged 20% to every tab, so he made out much better, don't understand why he was upset. That's your job!!!
5	we had a planned birthday meetup at cafe boa for a friend. we arrived just early enough to have 1 drink on the happy hour menu. my wife wasn't pleased with her first choice, and i really didn't know what to order wine wise, however, one of the bartenders made a suggestion for a wine not on the happy hour menu but offered it at happy hour price! extra star for service!!!!for the meal, i had one of the ravioli dishes...agnolotti boa. it was beyond delicious. it was some of the best ravioli i've ever eaten! hand made and you can definitely taste the difference. the sauce made for excellent dipping of a few bread slices!the happy hour prices are reasonable, but this place is a little on the nicer side so regular menu prices are on the high side. still, the ambiance of the place is intimate and they have an excellent patio. great for brunch too!
5	Some of the best food i've had!  Amazing pasta dishes and the steak we had was cooked perfectly.  The staff was very knowledgeable and quick!  Atmosphere was peaceful and refreshing.  I bring every visitor I have here for an awesome dinner experience!
1	Very strange experience. I've always loved this place. I'm a snow-bird, but come here every time I'm out in Arizona, so I've been there 7-8 times. Met friends there as well. But this time, today, 4-28-14, at 12:32pm, table 331, Anthony serving, was not a happy experience. Nobody in the joint & sloow service. Okay, Anthony didn't tell me the specials nor the soup. I'll live. Ordered wine, 1/2 carafe, $20, & waited. No water. No bread- I eventually asked a bus person, no wine. Entree comes & I notice there's dozens of pieces and bits of bacon - I don't eat meat. I wouldn't have ordered it if I knew it had meat. It didn't say so on the menu. After picking out most of it, Anthony shows up, but I was not about to let it out of my sight - at that point I was imagining him spitting in it. Anyway, bill comes & there's  a $22 charge for the wine. Why? He don't know, it's a bar charge. So I asked to speak to a boss, supervisor, manager, anyone in charge. No one is here Anthony says. We're alone. No one is ever here this early. I go to the bar to inquire, told the boss is of course here, in fact at a meeting, I request a few minutes for feedback, guy says okay, goes away, come back in 5 minutes and says oh no ones here, he must have left. WTF?And the pitiful thing is the food is very good! But the place is run by unprofessional twerps!
4	Great atmosphere, sweet staff, nice live music. All around a happy Sunday brunch. I would come back but I have a feeling their dinner menu kicks their brunch menus butt.
5	Got lost heading to my destination.  Stopped here to eat and get directions.  Allie and Jamie treated me like a long lost family member.  After getting me a cool beverage and some bread, sat down at the table with me and drew me a map, making sure I understood it.  I ordered my food, which was plentiful and delicious. As I ended the meal, one of the kind young women came over again to me and sat down going over the paper to make sure I understood her beautifully written directions and didn't get lost again, but just incase I did, she gave me a business card with their names on it, to call them if I got lost again and they would help me.  So with a full stomach, feeling very pampered and loved, I drove to my destination without a hitch. Next time in Arizona I will get a GPS and find this restaurant again.  The food was absolutly delicious and the basil sauce was the best I've ever tasted.
5	My friend and I wandered in here due to their beautiful ambiance.  Quite dark and date like.  We decided to order some cocktails to start out, the waitress recommended two but I apologize the names totally slip my mind, they were phenomenal! Mine was something with strawberry that was very fresh with no alcohol taste.  My friends had ginger and blueberries but was also very good.  We both ordered pasta's she got the special with the rabbit and I got the linguine with salmon.  It came out pretty quick and it was quite tasty!  It had the perfect amount of flavor to both dishes, to my surprise the rabbit was not gamey.  I will be back to try more pastas and entrees!
5	Their pastas and desserts never disappoint! I love coming here when I can. Although it's quite expensive, it's well worth it!
3	This is one of the few "nice"places on Mill Avenue.  This is a great place to go for happy hour, but not so good for dinner. The dinner menu is way overpriced.  But I loved coming here at happy hour  time and sharing some cheese, salad, and pasta (definitely enough to make a meal).
5	Catherine and Rachel were the best bartenders Saturday night, July 19,2014.  Both very personable, attentive, charming.  We enjoyed our Highland Park 18 very much!  Thank you, ladies!
5	My Mom and I ate here before going to see Jersy Boys.  It was an incredible experience.  We ate at the bar ordered calamari paired with a sparkling rose from Slovenia, followed by mussels with Rojac Mavasi, bruschetta with house ricotta paired with Zweigeit and spicy arribiata, and finishing with the baked cookie and prosecco.  It was one of the most memorable  meals we've ever eaten.  What was even more amazing was the service.  Rachel, Taylor and the manager were fantastic with suggestions on pairings and food to order.  They made a special night with my mother even more special.   I live in Estrella Mountain Ranch which is far but plan to come soon with my husband.  The drive is worth it!
3	We went for dinner before jersey boys. The  shrimp with linguine was tasty but the portion size  and shrimp were very small . There was no bread offered before the meal .The wine was tasty but the glass was small for $12  and $8 for a half salad seem a little on the high side . They were not busy but it took about 35 minutes to get our dinner . The waiter seem too willing to offer us drinks
5	A beautiful little hidden gem off of Mill Avenue. For those of you who want to avoid the standard "Mill Avenue" culture, Cafe Boa is it. Yes, it's a little on the pricey side, but it's worth the atmosphere, the lack of drunk college students, impeccable service and fantastic food. One negative about it, is that they close early.
5	We are officially regulars now! I have been going to Caffe Boa for years mainly for their happy hour, great happy hour in the bar area!! Wines are always great and food as well.  Since we adopted a dog we have been going for the dinner on the patio.  Great staff and service even to our dog!!  Their kitchen closes at 10pm !!Food: gnocchi, shrimp with red sauce, So Cal salad, half a roasted chicken, mussels and cheese and meat boards are our favorites.  Wine: Malvasia, Pinot Nero, barbera, sparkling from Croatia and their sangria are the best.  This place is not for people who are looking for Corporate chain expectations ( bread before food or heaps of food) they make most everything from scratch so portions are going to be smaller. This place is pricey but worth it for foodies and wine lovers.
2	Met a dear friend I haven't seen in a long time for Sunday brunch at Boa. I'd remembered this place being great when I used to live here (before I left, then came back). While the ambiance was still nice and the food was ok, overall I was really just disappointed. First request- I need tea. I'm a tea drinker. Any black tea. With honey, preferably, but I'll live without it. I don't even turn up my nose at Lipton. It's Sunday morning- caffeinate me. They don't have black tea. Only green tea. My friend did get her coffee, but when asked for a warm up later, the server refused and said they brew by the cup and she'd be charged for each one. Food was nothing special, even though they tried. "Fried potatoes" at CB are not homefry-style, with onions and such. They're French Fries. French Fries served in a paper cone inside a spiral-shaped holder, which was a very awkward presentation next to the too-many-eggs omelette. It was what you'd get with a burger or hero sandwich. They were good but you know, just call 'em French Fries for heaven's sake. Our server was rude, interrupting us a number of times while we were mid-sentence to check in, rushing to remove my plate before I was finished. I think she was just bored- there was still only one other table occupied by the time we left. It sadly was not the experience I expected for a brunch. I tried to make up for it with a mimosa, but even that was not what I expected. And really, who isn't pretty easy when it comes to a mimosa?I think they would do better to at least not call it Sunday brunch, since people have a certain expectation of what that means but they aren't trying to meet that.
4	Ok. Overall the look of the place is beautiful. The constant electronic dance beat music was a bit too loud. Not the best first date place if you want to get to know someone but great date night for a married couple that can longer stand to hear each other speak. Also just a tad too dark for me, i love to take those food porn pics and post them to social media and i couldnt. Caprese salad was huge and excellent. Heirloom tomatoes and homemade buffulo mozz. Was on the money. Butternut squash ravioli where perfect. Cooked perfect presented perfectly and the perfect amount. Only dinner complaint was the salad and entree were delivered at the same time. All in all excellent italian food with a bonus of being locally sourced and organic. 5 star food and 1 star dance music. Great place though a must try.
4	Although my opinion of Caffe Boa hasn't changed since my last review, I have tried some of their pasta so I wanted to update my review to reflect that.  For lunch, they offer a 2-item combo where you can choose half a salad, soup, pasta or sandwich.  I had the Ravioli Zucca and Caprese salad, and I was extremely impressed.  The Caprese came with slices of heirloom tomatoes (so fresh and flavorful!), and 2 kinds of mozzarella.  The ravioli was filled with summer squash and garnished with arugula and goat cheese.  Although the lunch combo was enough food, I would have happily enjoyed full portions of each!  Service was great, and for a late lunch on a Saturday afternoon, there weren't a lot of people in the restaurant so it was pretty quiet.  My MIL seemed to enjoy herself too (especially the calamari) so that's a good sign!
5	Love love love the Shrimp Adriatico.  I have been eating at Cafe Boa since it was a tiny little restaurant on the other side of Mill Ave. the location has changed, the menu has gotten bigger and the cocktails are far more interesting... But the food is consistently delicious! The Voodoo Penne Pasta is a must try.  Great place for a date night or just a casual glass of wine.
3	Food good; service bad = 3 stars.This is a nice place with good atmosphere and good food. I had dinner here tonight with my boss.  I had the Greco salad and roasted rosemary chicken.I have a nut allergy.   When I ordered the salad I asked the server if it was served with nuts and he quickly told me that it was not.  Several minutes after ordering the salad the server brought our salads to the table quickly and never came back to see if everything was okay and he didn't offer any cracked pepper for our salads.  Salt and pepper is not kept on the tables.  Worst of all the salad had an abundance of almonds which I could not eat.  So I ate around them.  Once we were done with the salads nobody came by to clear them from the table.  The server never checked back to see how we were doing.Later, someone, not a server, brought our entrees and could not serve them because the salad plates weren't cleared and his hands were full.  After we were done with our entrees our server finally came back to the table for the first time since he took our order.The restaurant was not busy at all.  The service was really poor for a place of this caliber.  The server paid no attention to detail at all and should have known the salad was, in fact, served with almonds.  A server who serves food to a guest with ingredients the guest is allergic to after the guest indicates such is in the wrong line of work.
4	How would I describe Boa...if you were to combine a classic Northern Italian feel with a hipster vibe and alternative rock playing while sipping Chardonnay with your lover...you know you've had a great night!!! Coming from the east coast, I'm used to fast service and not the slower pace down in the Southwest. Unlike most restaurants - especially those that are themed and fancier - Boa's service is more than punctual, and they know just the right time to check up on you when you need more to eat or drink. Despite the overly done classy, chic look of the place - LOL, but actually - the staff is SUPER accommodating, not pompous, and ensure you have not just a meal, but a NIGHT you'll never forget. I came her with my girlfriend on our 1-year anniversary. Given that she had a cold at the time and we had been walking roughly half an hour up Mill Ave. to find the place, we were very hungry and needed fast service - Boa did just that. As soon as we walked in, we were seated, menus, and our food came out promptly. On busy nights before 9, if it is an important occasion, I would recommend making a reservation. However, reservation or not, Boa is fast-paced to give you taste of real great Italian; no one I saw walk in had more than a 5-minute wait, max. My only complaints: While Boa is Zesty, stylish, and efficient, I would give it 4 stars and not 5 because it is a little pricey and is not easy to find on Mill Ave (unlike several other good Italian restaurants). Time is money, but LOCATION is CRUCIAL, so I would recommend Boa put a sign in front of the alley off of Mill where it is located to direct customers to the restaurant. However, take my comments with a grain of salt; despite being a little pricey and difficult to find, it is worth the expense of food and travel because the quality of food and service is PHENOMENAL!!!I would DEFINITELY return to Boa for a future occasion.
