4	Rudy's is based out of Texas.  Today is their grand opening in Arizona, and Chandler is lucky enough to get them.  Today I had pulled pork and "Rudy's Beans".  I always get the pulled pork on a first visit to any BBQ place.  It's how I measure the place.The beans are really mediocre.  Very soupy, a lot of pepper, and really nothing special.  Not bad, but not great.The pork has a very mustard-y flavor.  Caught me by surprise.  I had thought mustard-y BBQ was typical of Tennessee and the Appalachian region.  But it was good.  And it was BIG.  They put a lot of meat on that sandwich!  There was also some chopped-up vegetables in it (onion and celery, I think).I tried my wife's brisket and creamed corn.  The brisket was very smoky, and very nice.  I hate creamed corn, but this one was actually pretty good.  I was surprised.They were also giving out samples of their sausage.  That was really really good!!  I ordered some for take-out.Not as good as Joe's Real BBQ, but better than Dave's!  Also, I noticed that their sauce is labeled with "contains no HFCS".  Which is great!!  You can buy their sauce and rub in their store.The place is loud.  You go up to the counter, tell them what you want, and they shout to the cooking folks in the back.  They also shout "next in line" a lot.  The meats are sold in 1/2 lb increments.I'm sure we'll be back.
5	I used to eat at the location in Leon Springs outside of San Antonio when I traveled for business.  I would return home to AZ and complain to my wife about how no one in the valley can even come close to what Rudy's does.Well we finally have our own Rudy's.  I showed up on opening day and am happy to report that the brisket is as delicious as I remember it.  Great smoke flavor.  Jalapeno sausage and turkey are favorites too.  Lastly, the creamed corn is excellent - never had any this good anywhere.     This will be the only place I go for BBQ in the valley - glad it is close.Consider calling ahead and placing your order.  It is very busy.
5	So happy/elated/amazed that Rudy's has finally arrived in AZ. The Brisket!  Rudy's is why I bought a professional smoker to try to get my brisket fix.  Rudy's is where I go whenever I travel to Texas. Rudy's is what all other bbq places try to achieve when it comes to brisket.Yes, you should always, always, always get the brisket...ahhh-mazing!Went here on day two and everything was perfect...I got there right when it opened and was still about the 50th person thru the line. Felt kinda bad for the 100+ people in line when I left...at least it isn't 115 outside yet for those last 40 or so that were in the line wrapped around outside.AZ is going to love Rudy's...wish I had the money to open my own.
4	Rudy's needs to have plates. I don't like eating from wax paper.
3	It's was good. But you have to eat off of wax paper which is stupid.No plates.!!!!!
4	Today was my first visit to Rudy's (Chandler location). I've been hearing about how good they were from a co-worker and from my neighbor.  I had a wide assortment of meats and overall, they were very good.  I will be going back again soon.  There is still plenty more item's for me to try.
5	Holy cow is this some yummy BBQ. Hubby went on opening day and stood around in the AZ sun, just to get some grub. He's been talking abt it ever since. We went today as a family and he was NOT kidding! The ribs, the pulled pork, the pudding...HEAVENLY. There are no plates and everything is served on a plastic tray with butcher wax paper. So don't come here expecting to not get messy. Bring your wet naps, grab some napkins or wash up at their wash station...if you don't like messy, don't come here. They also have a mini bar with condiments, a large assortment drinks (including beer) and plenty of seating indoor and out. We've found our new BBQ place! Can't wait to try the rest of the things on the menu! Yummy yummy in my tummy!
4	All I've heard from Albuquerque friends was how great this place is.  They all couldn't wait for this place to open.So far my favorite is the turkey and I'm not a bird fan at all.  For the most part I go out of my way to eat any chicken or turkey outside of home because I'm always disappointed with how dry it is.  This is NOT dry and very flavorful.I've tried the pork ribs and the baby back ribs and like both.  I didn't even need to add sauce for the flavor they are rubbed with is plenty.They have cream corn here and although in reality I know this is really only gravy with some corn I'm in love.  This version is very very very good.I am not, however, impressed with the brisket.  Although flavorful it is very dry.  Not worth it to me.
5	Same great food, new location.  I like the leaner brisket, but have tried everything at different locations and EVERYTHING is good.  Forget the sissy sause and just go with the good stuff, BUT this stuff is so good try it without first.  There are no plates, so just get over it the food wont be there long anyway.......
5	BREAKFAST TACOS!!!!!!!!!!   I'm from Austin, Texas so I'm jacked that Rudy's is now Chandler!  I'm a big fan of Texas style BBQ and haven't found BBQ in Phoenix that compares.   This Rudy's store is basically the same as those found in Texas but there's no gas station.   The store theme is no-frills "country",  the seating is picnic tables.   Wait in line, order at the counter and buy the meats by the pound.   You can order whatever weight you want, so don't feel like you have to buy a whole pound.   I like to get a 1/4 pound lean brisket and 1/4 pound turkey and a side.   You have your choice of complimentary white or wheat bread slices, just tell them how many slices you need.  Your food is placed on butcher's paper (not plates) and is set in a big plastic crate which you take to your table.   Two types of BBQ sauce are located on the tables in large bottles with a shaker top.   The sauce is a peppery ketchup based product.   There's also a condiment bar with pickles, onions, peppers if you want them.   When you're done eating there's a big hand washing station with a metal trough under it (don't accidentally mistake this for a stadium urinal!)    This AZ store has a several new menu additions that I've never seen in the Austin stores:  pulled pork, sandwiches, cobbler, 3 bean salad, and baked potato.    I tried the pulled pork and loved it.   Oh and here's the BIG kicker:  BREAKFAST TACOS in the a.m.!!!!!!    I've sorely missed my beloved breakfast tacos.  Anyone from Texas knows what I'm talking about.    Why the heck nobody does breakfast tacos outside of Texas I'll never understand.  Phoenix just got a little better.
5	This is the BBQ that anyone from The Lone Star State will know and be thankful for.  Having moved here roughly 8 years ago from Texas, my wife and I have been at a loss for "real" bbq until Rudy's opened up last week.  It's just as one should expect; brisket is lean and flavorful enough to stand on it's own without the use of sauce.  Thankfully, Rudy's "sause" is just an added bonus.  Be sure to choose carefully as Rudy's offers both moist and lean brisket.  The moist will be a bit fattier but no less wonderful.  Service was excellent and prompt for a wait that went out the door.  The fact that there was a group from Houston to our left and Austin to our right at the counter only confirmed what real bbq lovers already know about this wonderful establishment.Menu is the same as Texas locations:  Pork sausage, turkey, brisket, ribs, etc, and  white bread with your meal.Now please move into Gilbert.
4	This is some darn good BBQ.  The breakfast tacos are so good!  Also, they have 3 choices of briskets and I definitely recommend every one of them.  The turkey was also fantastic.  I wasn't as impressed with the spare ribs because they seemed way too peppery.  Tell them it's your first time in and they will let you try most anything.  Unfortunately, there was a 30+ minute wait from the time of getting in line to getting food.  I did it once but I won't be doing it again.  Once the new appeal diminishes, it should be a good lunch place.
5	Rudy's is great since I'm from Texas and miss it.  I ate there today, ordered the lean brisket and they gave me the cutter's choice.  Staff still have some learning to do.  But this place can easily be the top in the Valley.  Poultry is the best.  Brisket is okay.
2	First time last night. I loved the BBQ sauce. The lack of cleanliness & no plates turned me off.  The restaurant needs to train its employees to clean with a disinfectant between customer on the tables, especially since no plates are used. I did love their sauce and will give them another try.
5	Being from Texas, we always go and get our Whataburger fix on Chandler and I-10. So when we saw that they were building a Rudy's across the street, we were more than extatic! Another piece of Texas here in Chandler. Everything was great, as expected. The atmosphere made us feel like we were back in Texas, especially the limestone rock wall outside. BBQ is the best, no one here in AZ comes close! You won't be disappointed.
5	Good stuff! Went for lunch a couple days ago...get there early or be prepared to wait! Had a brisket sandwich, beans and hot link. I loved everything except the beans...nothing wrong with them, just not my taste. To me, the beans were a little bland. But the BBQ was top notch! Will be back again, and again, and again.
4	First thing people will probably want to know is how long the wait is.  At 11:30, the wait was about 15 minutes, and my gf was already in line at the doorjam of the entrance.  If you get there at 12:30 (when we left), I noticed the line was inside near the breakfast tacos area.  Next off, I don't have any nostalgia from eating at Rudy's from when I was young (I'm from Chicago).  I also recently ate at the Texas BBQ house up in Scottsdale which makes me feel like I'm a bit of a Texas BBQ expert.  Imagine if you watched a bunch of travel documentaries about London.  Two weeks later, you travel to London and get off the plane.  That's how I feel when I walked into Rudy's.We ordered brisket (moist), turkey, cream of corn, and new potatoes.  The brisket was awesome.  Very moist compared to other BBQ I've had.    The turkey was also not dry at all, and it was well flavored.  Cream of corn was excellent and not too sweet.  The new potatoes were quartered boiled potatoes with butter drenched on them (yes delicious).  You get some bread with your meal and everything comes on wax paper which is supposed to be shiny side up.  I like their condiments area with the different peppers.  Their sweet tea was also great, and I especially liked how it wasn't as cloyingly sweet as I've had at other places.The only downfall is that I wish their sauces tasted better.  They have their bbq and their sissy.  It's probably a personal preference, but I like a sauce with some major kick to it.  I mixed in the hot sauce into the Rudy's sauce which made it taste better.  I also think the brisket needed some sauce to it.  Even though it was moist, it lacked on salt.Those reasons aside, I found the food to be the best Texas BBQ I've had.  Long lines may be there, but it moves pretty quickly and gives you time to figure out what you want.  I'll definitely be back here when I have another BBQ kick.
5	we love rudy's bbq from texas so on a recent vacation to phoenix when we saw billboards that there was a rudy's we were thrilled.  turns out we arrived in phoenix on rudy's grand opening day (4/5).  we ate there there on sunday 4/8.we love the brisket, the chicken, the pork loin.  and the sauce.  so delicious.  everything there is highly recommended.we bought a couple of bottles of rudy's bbq sause to take home.
5	I lived in Austin for 2 years and Rudy's was my FAVORITE place in town. I thought I died and went to heaven when I saw that they were opening one in Chandler. Since it opened only a few weeks ago, I have visited twice but my husband is there almost daily. It is that good. This is a BBQ joint. Most Rudy's in Texas are attached to a gas station - this one is not. So this isn't a fancy restaurant - but who wants that for BBQ. You order at the counter, get your food served on butcher paper and get as many slices of white or wheat bread as you desire. The brisket melts in your mouth, get the cutters choice. Moist, delicious, heaven. You can order by the slice or pound increaments - such as 1/4lb etc. The pulled pork and ribs are also amazing. The sides could be a meal by themselves - the creamed corn - SCRUMPTOUS! Cole slaw - fabulous and potato salad - AWESOME. The only side I am not a big fan of are the beans - just don't personally like ranch beans. There are also puddings available for desert but i am always too full to try them. Since anyone who has ever visited the great state of Texas is now lining up to get their BBQ fix there is a line, but it moves fast and is absolutely worth the wait.
5	Extraordinary, astonishing, sensational, & remarkable food.  Hands down.My & my gf moved here from San Antonio, Texas to attend ASU in Tempe.  We live in Ahuatukee on the I-10 two exits away.  We used to go to Whataburger all the time.  This must be a Texas obsession, because I BARELY see any around.  Anyway!  The minute we saw the sign where it said ,"Coming Soon, Rudy's." WE BOTH FREAKED OUT, & said, "Oh My God, Rudy's is coming here!?  Shut the hell up!"  Then we waited, & waited, & waited some more......  Then one day I see that it is completely built & there are employees walking around the place.  Almost there.  Finally, Grand Opening!  Immediately after getting out of work I go directly to Rudy's to wait in the MASSIVE line snaking around the building.  There must have been more than 100 people in that line easy.  We did not care.  We proudly wore our Rudy's 20th Anniversary shirts that we had from back home.   Former & current Texas residents imagine this:  I used to live literally across the street from the Rudy's that was serving Sea World on US HWY 151.  Yup, right there.   And I went often.  Sometimes even with my sportbiker crew that I rode around with.  Rudy's is the absolute sh**.  My gf & I always talk about how we miss Rudy's & she even had her parents ship her the bottles of Rudy's Sause.  That's how much we loved that place.  So there we are on opening day waiting about 30 to 45 minutes for pure goodness.  Then we get to the front of the line.   I love how the staff yells.  They did that at in San Antonio, too, but these guys are super loud.   Love that.   We did notice that the sides items (coleslaw, potato salad, etc...) are all prepackaged in styrofoam cups in refrigerators which is nice.  They stay cold in there.  Good idea.  Also, we noticed that there was no pickles on the menu.  Rudy's in San Antonio always charged us for pickles that they sliced & served us.  We were very disappointed at first.  We even asked an employee that happened to be from Laredo, TX & she was not aware of the pickles at all.  She might have never gone to Rudy's is why.   Oh well.Anyway, we get our food in a bottle crate on wax paper, (THIS IS THE WAY IT HAS BEEN DONE IN TEXAS FOR THE LONGEST TIME SO IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT, TOUGH!)  All non-Texans just do not get it & they probably never will.  Oh well, their loss if they never go back.  So we start walking to the condiment bar & lo & behold there were the pickles!  Free of charge.  Yay!  We nearly yelled at the girl for telling us she knew of no pickles.  Pickles is something you don't play with when it comes to Rudy's.  You NEED to have pickles with your Rudy's barbeque, people!  No butts about it.  We have a laugh with the girl & the manager about the misunderstanding.  And by the way, that awesome manager, Marcus is the absolute Bomb dot com.So at last we sit down on the old country benches to eat.  The moment of truth.  I like to refer to this moment as "P.H.E." PURE HEAVENLY EUPHORIA.  Just as others have said, the brisket is tender, the chicken is tasty, the sausage... oh my.   Wonderful sausage links marinated in Godly flavoring.  Another difference here:  They not only give you white bread with your meal, but you now have a choice of enriched wheat bread.  Lovely.  I happen to love the sissy sauce.  I think it's just right for my spicy sensitive tongue.One more difference I took notice of.  I used to order the chopped meat back home.  It used to contain a little bit of everything like chicken, pork, & beef.  All mixed in Rudy's Sause.  Not here.  I asked the employees, & they did not know of this of course.  They said they didn't carry it.   Only the pure chopped beef.  That's okay.  Because I love that all the same, regardless.  I can say that the best meal here would be a quarter pound of chopped beef, potato salad, coleslaw, wheat bread, & either a Big Red or a Coke.  PHE all the way, baby.  There's no way Rudy's is getting anything less than five stars.  We missed you Rudy's.  We welcome you back into our lives.That was only two weeks ago.  We've been back 4 times since then.
4	I have had the baby back ribs, pork spare ribs, beef brisket (both moist and non moist) and the jumbo potato.  Pork spare ribs are ok, they pepper them which I just am not a fan of.  But they were ok.  Non moist brisket was ok as well, a bit dry though.The baby back ribs are excellent.  The moist brisket is really just a bit more fatty cut of meat than the non moist but it has much better flavoring and texture.  The jumbo baked potato is awesome.  Its huge, the flavor is amazing.  You cant beat the price.  Overall the value and quality you get are excellent.  Its best to call ahead and do take out, the line to walk in can take you over an hour.  Its great to have Rudy's come to town.
4	Ok, this isn't my first rodeo at Rudy's.  Because I travel a lot, I 've been to Rudy's throughout Texas and New Mexico, so going to the new location in Chandler certainly saves me a lot of driving if I develop a hankering for Rudy's.Now having said the above let me tell you a couple of things I like about the Chandler location.  First, and I've already mentioned, it's in Chandler so now I don't have to go to Texas or New Mexico.  Next, they have onions and pickles for free.  Now that may not seem like much, but the Rudy's in San Antonio (3 locations) and the one by Texas Motor Speedway don't give them away...they cost extra.  Again, doesn't seem like a big deal, but I really like pickles and onions with my BBQ, being able to get what I want without having to pay for it is kind of nice.  As an aside the two locations in El Paso and ABQ offer free pickles and onions.  I'm not hung up on this issue, but it speaks to consistency in my book.So now some things I didn't like or at least have a question about.  First, every Rudy's I've been to has large stacks of wood to stoke their smokers.  The first time I went to Rudy's (too many people there so I didn't eat) I noticed the wood stack was down to a couple of logs.   So question comes to mine...how are they stoking the smoker?  Or are they?  Are they serving food from a central kitchen?  I don't know, and to be honest, I didn't pay enough attention to how the Chandler location is set up.  Having said that, every other Rudy's I've ever been to you can clearly see the cutters pull the meat out of the smoker.  So bottom line here, not really complaining here, just making an observation which I'll need to do further research on to clear up.Ok, so on the day I did eat here, the food was good, but frankly food I've had at other Rudy's location was better.  Right now I'm attributing this difference to the fact that this is still a new restaurant so I'm not going to hold it against them.When we ate there we ordered sausage, brisket, cream corn and potato salad.  So potato salad as always was adequate...not good, not bad...just adequate.  As for the cream corn, this is one of my favorite Rudy's dishes.  Not bad.  Cream wasn't fully set and it was a little bland, but overall still good.  Brisket was ok.  I ordered it moist, but probably should have ordered lean (I make the same mistake every time).  Finally, the sausage...my favorite...and the reason I want those aforementioned pickles and onions.  Not bad but the cutters mixed my order and I got a combination of regular and spicy sausage...I wanted regular.  I attribute this error to this being a new restaurant...so I forgive them for now.So over all very good.  Will certainly go back
5	Mmmm, Bout' time Famous Dave's ain't cuttin' it!!!
4	This is a new location and I only had the breakfast tacos.  When I lived in Austin, TX I ate breakfast tacos a lot.  These were not as good as the tacos I remember, but still decent.  The Barbecue however is very good in Austin and I am sure it is the same here.  I loved the brisket!!!  If you live in or around Chandler, I would definitely check Rudy's out; superior barbecue to anything else in AZ.
4	First visit.Early lunch.11:00AM on a Thursday.Sampled Moist and Regular Brisket and smoked turkey.Ordered moist brisket sandwich, slaw & potato salad.The brisket was moist. They do it right. Melts in your mouth and you can basically chew it with your tongue.Smoky pork goodness galore!The slaw was ..meh. No tang, mostly cabbage in a bland watery sauce.The potato salad was good. Nothing to write home about, but it had a good tang to it and was not off-putting.Free drink refills. Large gets you a big plastic cup that you can bring back in for $.75 refills. I drove from north Phoenix to met a friend for lunch on my day off and I would say it was worth the trip.My buddy had the beans, which he stated in his review, were bland. Even after doctoring them up with BBQ sauce.Would have been 5 start except for the mediocre sides.
4	This was my ifrst experience with Rudy's and it was pretty good. My partner and I decided to go for lunch on Weds. We had prepared ourselves for the wait we had read about in the reviews but we were very happy when we arrived because there wasnt one. We moved here from the south (Arkansas) and are always looking for some "down home" cooking. I am a fan of Memphis style BBQ so I wasn't too fond of their sauces. We ordered 1/2 lb of brisket, pulled pork, and Baby Backs...corn on the cob, cream corn, potatoe salad, and beans. The brisket and baby backs were amazing but the pulled pork had too much pepper. All the sides were good except the beans...bland. My partner loved her cream corn. I like the way they serve you and I had to chuckle when i seen the white bread...brought back memories. Overall, we had good "down home" food at a fair price. We will return:)
4	Yummy barbque and way better than Joe's fyi!  This is our second time here and we got the beef brisket and ribs and they are D-lish!  Nice and tender n juicy n tasty.  The beef brisket had a bit of smoke to it but that was cut down using honey barbque sauce.  Our first time we had a sampler of meat which also had the turkey breast and it was very nice and flavorful.  I was impressed after being so disappointed by Joe's B Q in Gilbert where my meat was beyong being able to chew and dry, so if your one of those people who says Joe's the bomb.. check out Rudy's cuz your missing something!
3	I want to give them 3.5 but now way to do that. Rudy's is a fun place to go, and as bbq joints go in AZ it is ok.   I have been twice now.  One time the line was out the door and took 35 minutes to get to the counter.  No drink service or anyone walking the line while we were waiting in that long line which surprised. me. First time there I got Coleslaw, the loaded potato with meat, and pork ribs.  I think the potato is the best deal in the place, it comes loaded with almost a full order of meat for the same price as an order of meat.  I had the briscuit, which was very very good.   As I have found from most bbq joints here, the coleslaw was bland, and the ribs were ok, a little overcooked.Second time I went I had baby backs and jalapeno sausage.  Sausage was spicy and good, I am a sucker for a sausage, .  Babybacks were ok, they were pulled out of the smoker a little soon, and not falling off the bone tender.  I did have a couple of ribs on the end that got a little more heat and were decent..  it seems they do not use much spice on the ribs either and were a little bland.Rudy's staff is friendly and the place is clean.  Because it is so new, it is not a place for a fast meal, but give it time.  It will slow down and you can drop in for a sandwich with out a 30 minute wait to order. Try the Briscuit and the pulled pork, I think the best things on the menu.  Great place for the family to go and eat.  Have a good time.
3	I have had Rudy's in NM, it was so good!  Pre-Yelp days.  I was excited to hear that they are in AZ.  The lines at 5:30pm were already 1 hour+ long.  After you wait and wait, you need to find a spot to sit with all your goodies.  Got the 1/2 lbs of brisket (moist), a little dry but the table side BBQ sauce fixed that up.  The 1/2 lbs of baby back ribs = 5 ribs was dry and the BBQ sauce could not save that one.  The small order of new potatoes was really really small (about 10 small chucks) & tasteless and the corn on the cob was great.  The sweet  tea is out of this world.  And they forgot to give me bread.
5	So why didn't someone tell me there is a Rudy's BBQ here in the greater Phoenix metro area? I am just a little disappointed that I have lived here for a year and I am just finding out about this location. What's up with that?I have been a HUGE fan of Rudy's in Albuquerque, NM for years now. Even made special trips to ABQ just to go to Rudy's . . . and now I find out there is one just a couple miles from my house . . . geez! You mean I could have been eating here all along?I was out tooling around on a Sunday afternoon thinking I was either going to have to go home or find myself a drive-thru because I was just not going to make it until dinner time . . .  when I saw the sign: **RUDY'S!**  I nearly caused a major pile-up on Chandler Blvd as I whipped my little black Honda around in traffic and scooted into the parking lot, jumped into the only empty space and went inside. I could not believe that this little bit of BBQ heaven was right here in Chandler. I didn't even have to look at a menu. Pulled pork sandwich, creamed corn, potato salad and a beer, please.  I found myself a small table on the patio and literately scarfed that dreamy sandwich down with occasional bites of creamed corn & potato salad and then washed it all down with an ice cold beer.Best BBQ on the planet and now it's here within a short car ride, not a plane ride. Heaven, right here on earth . . . er, Arizona!
3	BBQ Quest #13 - Rudy's "Country Store" and Bar-B-Q - Chandler, AZ. In my quest for the best BBQ joint(s) in AZ, I heard about this place, I had to try it.As I rolled into the parking lot, I noticed it was packed, so I'm thinking right away, this must be good, but I'm not getting my hopes up yet. From the outside, it looked like a nice little country store.I walk inside and immediately I'm looking for the smell of smoke - nope not happening. No smoke, from previous experiences, no taste. Oh well, I'm still willing to give them a shot. The atmosphere of the restaurant was pretty nice - wooden bench type seating - like you would find at a picnic in the country. I am greeted right away by a friendly little hostess, "High how are you? Is this your first time here at Rudy's?" - Yes, I say, and she began to tell me the process for ordering food - "You stand in line here and you order at the cashier counter." I asked the hostess what type of wood is used. "Hmm, I don't know" was the response - and she proceeded to help the next customer in line.So I get in this serpentine line like being herded like cattle. There is this beverage trough with various kinds of liquids, mostly alcohol, where you grab and hold while waiting in line.As I'm waiting in line, I notice the prices, from $1.99 to $6.49 for the various cuts of meat. Pretty much keeping up with the other restaurants around the valley I've sampled. I then noticed something that peeked my interest - a sign that said, "Real Texas BBQ." I immediately said, "hmmmm - I'll be the judge of that."I continue to make my way around the line and I see people carrying these black plastic type of boxes with food in it. I was OK - easy to carry your food and stuff - no plates. I get up to the counter  and I placed my order: 1/2 pound of lean brisket, pork ribs, pulled pork, sausage, and turkey. I then ask the cashier what type of wood is used. Response - "I don't know." Another person was asked -- response - "I don't know. I can find out." My response - yes please. The other person returned with an answer of "Oak." I asked what else besides Oak. "Nothing else." Ding ding ding ding - I immediately said, "then this is not real Texas BBQ, you can't say it is." One of the biggest staples of wood in Texas is mesquite - I personally use a combination of Hickory and Mesquite -My order comes, and I leave for home to taste my morsels of goodies.ANALYSIS: The best part of the meats was the turkey. It had a lot of flavor and was somewhat moist. The sausage was a little spicy and had a good flavor as well. The ribs were a little on the under cooked side and lacked seasoning and smoke flavor. The brisket was a bit dry, a little rare spots, and lacked flavor/seasoning and the oh so famous smoke ring - where's the ring. The pulled pork was very lacking in flavor and it didn't have a very pleasant taste. My family - very picky when it comes to the Q, did not care for the meats very much. They did like the turkey. OVERALL RATING: I'm still searching. But, I would say - go, give it a try and make your own conclusions.
4	Come for the breakfast tacos. Load them with brisket and other ingredients and you have some hearty little fellers that will keep you full all day for less than $5.The moist brisket and sausages are fantastic. Stay away from the lean brisket.If I was to rate this place on Decor and Breakfast, 5 stars. For dinner? You're better off going next door. More sides to choose from and overall better value.
4	My wife and I decided to try Rudy's BBQ on May day.  I worried about long lines but that didn't happen at 5pm on a Tuesday.  I figured they had a month to get their staff working efficiently.  We were greeted at the door and given small printed menus as they explained that the meats were sold by the half pound, there were cold sides in a large refrigerator case, drinks on a huge ice filled table and an order counter.  They place your order in a wax paper lined plastic basket, approximately 12" by 18" with 5" sides.We took a medium sized (pint) potato salad (3.69) and a small pudding (2.49) from the refrigerator case, and 2 bottles of IFC root beer (3.38) off the iced table and proceeded to the counter with the digital scale.  Ordered pulled pork and was charged for 0.58 lb of it at 5.79, don't know why they can't measure it out to the half pound listed at 4.99 they advertise. Also ordered beef brisket, the moist which is a bit more fatty but I heard the extra lean was too dry. They put over 3/4 of a pound on the scale and the girl asked if I wanted some taken off, which she did leaving 0.69 lb (8.96) The meats were great, moist, delicious, well smoked, some of the best BBQ we've had. Also ordered some hot sides, new potatoes small 1.99 (boiled or steamed peeled potatoes, chunked and floating in butter.  Nothing special, little flavor, needed lots of salt and pepper, won't order it again.  Sweet cream corn small 2.19 was overly sweet, needed lots of salt to counteract the sugar, won't order again.  The potato salad was fairly good, I'd order that again as it goes well with the meats.  My wife said the pudding (banana) was "kinda bland and I wouldn't order it again".  Total with tax was $31.00A bit overpriced I think,  They threw in 8 slices of white and wheat bread to make sandwiches with, the bread was very fresh.  There were 2 kinds of BBQ sauce on the table, tomato/vinegar based, on mild, one slightly spicy, they were OK, not great. You could buy a 32 0z bottle for 8.50 if you desired.  Other than the quality and taste of the meats, nothing else stood out.  There are long wooden tables that could become uncomfortably crowded if they are very busy.  I think I might return to buy their meat and take it home, the brisket at 12.98 a lb and the pulled pork at 9.98 a lb.  I give them 4 stars because of how good the meats are. There were pickles, peppers and sweet onion slices available for the taking.
1	I went to Rudy's full of excitement and empty of belly.  I was more excited when I saw the real, shared-table, waxed-paper barbecue joint ambiance and the tubs full of iced beer.   An hour later (half of that standing in line), I came away empty of excitement and wallet, and only marginally more full of belly.  Why, you might ask?  Because I've ruined barbecue in my own back yard that tasted better than the what they passed off as BBQ last night at Rudy's.   The meat was tender, to be sure, but there was more smoke in my clothes when I left than there was in the pork ribs or sausage we got.   If anybody's mother used to broil ribs in the oven when they were kids, well...that's pretty much what you'll get here, except it would be as if she accidentally spilled the entire pepper grinder on them first, because the meat rub at Rudy's consisted of an overpowering application of black pepper, and pretty much nothing else. I didn't get any of the brisket, but it looked delicious, so before I left I asked the guys at the next table how theirs was.  One of them said "it's good, it tastes just like corned beef, and I love corned beef".   Now -- HOLD THE DANG PHONE!  The fact that this guy likened his brisket to corned beef, which IS brisket, but peppered instead of smoked, should tell you all you need to know about how weak this joint is when it comes to producing actual barbecue.  It should not be possible to confuse barbecued beef brisket with corned beef, but if there's no smoke in the brisket, I suppose that's what you get.  And if there's no smoke in it, my friends, then it isn't barbecue.  I was so perplexed by it all, I actually called their management the next day, told them of my experience, and asked them if they thought they were having an off night or if virtually smokeless and over-peppered was just the way it was meant to be.  They confessed to no off night that they were aware of, and said everybody loves it, and they hope I come back.  Sorry guys and gals...not on your life. As they say in Texas, this place is "all hat and no talent."  I don't understand what the fuss is about.   Texans should know better than to call this stuff barbecue, and so should everybody who knows what real barbecue is.
4	Rudy!  Rudy!  Rudy!  Rudy!  If you live anywhere near I-10, you've probably seen that eyesore of a red barn that is Rudy's BBQ.  It's a dining experience unlike any other in the Valley.  It's like a delicatessen, crossed with a picnic, and covered in BBQ sauce.  The BBQ is really good, but I learned a few things that will make my experience even better next time.Tip #1:  Show up early for lunch.  It's not as packed as when it first opened, but we waited about 10 minutes to order at 11:45.  Wait until 12:15 and you'll have a long line and trouble finding seats.Tip #2:  Understand what you're getting.  You can order sandwiches, but most people order meat by the pound.  The sign says $6.49 for a half pound of brisket, but you pay what it weighs.  My portion was over $7.  I wouldn't recommend the "cutter's choice" option.  I saved some pocket change, but my brisket didn't look as moist or as lean as my friends'.Tip #3:  Order pint sides and share them among your friends.  It's better value.They serve the food in what looks to be a wax paper lined milk carton.  After navigating the condiment bar (try the cherry peppers), you can look for a small wooden picnic table, or take up part of a large table covered with red and white table cloths.As for the food itself, the brisket had a great smokey flavor, but it was dry in places, and had large hunks of fat.  I blame myself for ordering "cutter's choice."  Rookie mistake.  The cole slaw was really good.  The cabbage was minced pretty fine, and it was sweet and creamy, but not too creamy.  The new potatoes were just roasted potatoes in butter.  They definitely needed salt, and the inch of melted butter in the bottom of the styrofoarm bowl was an unappetizing visual.  There were two bbq sauces on the table.  I liked the tangy, vinegary flavor.  One was supposed to be spicier than the other, but they tasted similar to me.  Both had kick.I have some friends in Austin, TX that think Rudy's rivals Salt Lick BBQ, and I think they're crazy.  It's good, but it's not that good.  The smokey flavor of the brisket definitely stood out, though.  I'm looking forward to my next visit, when I can navigate the menu a little easier.
4	Delicious Meat!   If you're a first timer they will give you samples.  We tried the brisket, the chopped brisket, pulled pork, turkey and hot sausage.   Yum.  We ended up ordering lean brisket, turkey, pulled pork and a hot link.  The brisket was good when hot, but got pot roasty as it cooled down.  The chopped brisket - which we didn't order was pretty good and we might get that next time.   Hubby liked the hot link - for me the skin was too poppy.  Pulled pork was a little greasy - but tasty.  The big surprise was the turkey - excellent.Side dishes were just so so - the cole slaw was ok - but the beans were blah.  It was a little noisy and not the most comfortable place - long tables - metal folding chairs - friendly atmosphere.We'll be going back!
1	Arizona is like the red headed stepchild to the BBQ industry.  Open a new restaraunt and people will stand in lines for hours and pay rediculous prices like $6 bucks for a half pound of meat.  You must be high, for the price you just paid to eat at Rudy's you could have bought your own smoker and 10 pounds of Pork Butt..  Rudy's prices are outrageous, if this place actually smoked their own meat and had a guy tending a smoker all night long I would go back.  But no I digress, all their meat is already cooked and shipped in.  They just warm it up and sell it to you for 6 - 9 dollars a HALF POUND.  LOL Suckers.
1	I prefer not to eat my prime rib wrapped in paper with plastic forks & knives... Refill on drinks are not an option, unless you get up for it... No kids menu... AND you have to clean you soaked through "paper" mess up yourself when you are done.. That's what the milk crate is for... For the price and taste I will go to Famous Dave's or try the new smokin BBQ next door... BTW - there was a hair in my brisket... Dinner for family of 4... Over $50... - best part, I didn't have to leave a tip!!  won't be back! Good luck!
1	I tried this place in NM, and was not impressed. The Hot link was very rubbery. The moist brisket was mostly burnt to charcoal. I though maybe it was just an off night, since they seemed so popular. I tried the Chandler location and found the prices seemed even higher. The ribs had almost NO meat, especially for the money. The lean brisket was very dry. The sauces are very sweet, and they do not have any spicy sauce. They do no real service, it's run like a fast food place. No real silverware only paper and plastic. It's just not worth it. I'll stick to Dave's or Honeybears.
5	Went to the ribbon cutting with The Chandler Chamber then promptly came back with the family the next night. Can you say the best creamed  corn in the world? Awsone brisket and great staff
3	Coming from TX, we know Rudy's. But, have to say the Chandler location was even better than those in Houston. Not an avid fan, but was definitely better.Line was ridiculous to get in, my guess, something knew = novelty. People were nice, outside area was quiet and spacious. Food = we sampled the brisket and we ordered the pulled pork. Definitely agree with the reviews, very peppery on the pork, but not fatty. Would get the brisket if we go back. My husband and our friends got the loaded baked potato with meat on top, they rated it better than Joe's BBQ, which says a lot. I just had the 1/2 lb pork in a tub. Why only 3 stars? Not a fan of the sauce, and without it, meat was just ok. Is more vingary and peppery than sweet. Would I get to go or go back again, probably, but bring my own 'sause'. And, had to add more sugar to the 'sweet tea'. Nix on the coleslaw - no taste.Overall, good not stellar, but good. TX Roadhouse still has the best pulled pork around if you like it sweet.
4	Had dinner last night...got here about 4:30ish, which was perfect timing because by the time we left the line was out the door and towards the parking lot.  First time visitors and we read the comments posted on Yelp so had a bit of an expectation going in.  You stand in line, check out the menu, grap bottled drinks, get your salad sides and desserts out of the cooler and then up to register to order.  We were offered a tasting of lean brisket and turkey...which were great.  My partner had decided on the brisket in line and quickly changed to the turkey.  It was fabulous!  I had the baby back ribs.  They were meaty and yummy.  Yes...no sauce, which is exactly how we like them because then you control the amount of sauce you want on them!  We also had the cole slaw (it needs more dressing, guys...a bit dry), the 3 bean salad (a bit sweeter but we both really liked it) and we had to try the smoked baked potatoe (butter, sour cream, and cheese)...dang it was big (like a small football) and yummy.  You can definitely taste the smoke on the skin.  You sit at community tables, which was fine by us!  We love to meet and chat with new people...we sat out on the porch, which was great! The condiment bar was clean and nicely stocked.  Previous reviewers mention that you eat on paper, use plastic, etc....we think that's what brings the uniqueness to Rudy's.  We had no issue!We both had ice tea; my partner loved the sweet tea!  I had regular, which was good.  There are two bbq sauces to use...I'm a whimp so I found the whimpy sauce good, a bit peppery, but I liked it.  Certainly not the best I've ever had but then everyone has their favorite sauce!  My partner tried the hotter one and ended up using the whimpy one as well.We had the banana pudding for dessert...my partner loved it and I thought it was ok...not a big fan of soggy nilla wafers!Service was attentive, the place is clean, and we love the big handwashing sink to clean up after eating!  All in all...a great experience and yes! We'll be back to try the "famous" breakfast tacos"!!!
5	All I have to say is.....Texas bbq!!!! I'm so glad we have real bbq in AZ! I was a Joe's bbq fan and they are great but nothing beats this!
5	Being from San Antonio I missed Rudy's so much! This Arizona location is similar, but different. The BBQ is definitely a winner, but their now commercialized packaged BBQ sauce is horrible! Bring back the other stuff in the Styrofoam containers! I will still keep coming for the brisket when I'm in the area!!!!!
3	Just OK.  But like pizza and sex, there really is no bad BBQ.  I think there is something lost in translation from its Texas roots to AZ.  Gone is the appeal of the gas station dive.  Atmosphere feels a little phony in a pretty, new building.  The biggest problems I have with the food is the overpowering mesquite flavor and mediocre sauces.  The Texas roots explains the loyalty to mesquite, which is understandable and you cant fault them for staying true... but a little hickory or less creosote-tasting smoke would be nice for a non-Texas palette.  The sauces seem a little amateur.  I know Rudy's is no amateur in the business, but I think they settled too soon on their signature sauces - they taste like the first ones I made in my backyard.  If a true amateur (me) can evolve into better sauces, so can Rudys.  Now I need to stop at the new BBQ joint next door to see which one will get my BBQ dollars... stay tuned.
4	I'll preface this by saying I'd never been to a Rudy's before and Texas BBQ is my least favorite of the 4 major BBQ's (not a huge fan of brisket). My friends and I had heard Rudy's opened up a restaurant in Chandler and that it was supposed to be great. We decided to brave the line about a week ago and give it a whirl. I must say, it was definitely worth the wait! I went with the St. Louis style ribs and they were perfectly cooked and seasoned. The meat came off with a fork, just the way it's supposed to. As a side I ordered the green chile stew. It was good, but nothing to write home about. Friends went with the lean brisket, the chicken, and a brisket sandwich. We all enjoyed everything. The beer selection was good and it was nice that you could grab it while waiting in line. We also liked that you put the sauce on yourself, deciding how much or how little you wanted.  Only 4 stars (or probably 3.5 really), because they were OUT of pulled pork! No pulled pork? We couldn't believe it. That and the sides were just okay: we had the stew, the cole slaw, and potato salad.
4	Just a quick update.  Covered most things in my first review, and nothing there has changed.  I do want to add the comment that their green chili stew is really good!We went today for lunch.  I ordered brisket and sausage, both of which were very good.  But we had a chance to have the stew (someone catered a lunch at my company using Rudy's, so I had tried it there).  Today we made a point of ordering a quart of it!  Really good stuff.
5	How do I love this place, 10 years ago I stopped by one in Albuquerque,NM- I went nuts, there was nothing like it in AZ. I went out and bought a smoker just so I could have something like it, came really close too. But really who has 16 hours to smoke brisket, yeah me either. And now it has arrived:So here's the low down, the brisket is Awesome, hands down awesome! Pulled pork and green chili stew are great! Chicken & links are really good too but I don't  go for the ribs, not my favorite!  All in all great smokehouse!
1	Now that they've unhidden the review, I can be honest and tell you how much it sucks, rather than saying This place is GREAT!  And if you don't say so, they'll have your comments deleted!  So even though there's absolutely no smoke in their meats, even though the dominant flavor in the ribs is ridiclously un-yummy amounts of black pepper, I have to say, it's great!  No, really, I have to say it, because they won't let anyone say anything else.  Awesome, I tell you!  Most awesomely sorry excuse for barbecue you will ever run into, but it's GREAT!  Can't you see the smile on my face?  Yeah.
4	Rudy's is probably some of the best BBQ here in Arizona. The only thing keeping it from being 5 stars from me is that there have been a couple times that the brisket wasn't quite right and the cashiers seem to have a habit of not listening very well to an order. Other than those two minor issues, this place is definitely worth the trip. Oh...and can't forget the breakfast tacos...so goooood.
4	I have visited Texas many times and of all the joints I have tried I have actually liked Rudy's the best!!! Now that they are in Phoenix I am doomed because I will never actually try to smoke brisket at home because I can get it here and it is just as good.Here is the good and bad with Rudy's. I keep buying the good and stay away from the bad. :)Good:- Moist Brisket. for those who don't know brisket has two parts, the flat and the point. The flat is lean and the point is more fatty(moist). guess what has more flavor? Yep the moist. - Turkey. Sweet mother of sea biscuits!!! Best smoked turkey I have ever had.- Smoked potato with moist brisket. They cook the potato in the smoker and then add cheese, your choice of meat(moist brisket is the right answer), sour cream, and butter. (This isn't healthy food so don't eat here every day. Remember moderation is key )Bad:- The sides... I haven't really found a side that I like. The beans are ok, as is the cream corn and the potato salad. I really could use some Mac and Cheese. - The sauce... They love the pepper and it shows in their sauce. I have had much better sauces but they will do if you really need them. Hint: Good BBQ shouldn't need sauce. Now in Texas the Rudy's have Dr. Pepper in glass bottles... This Rudy's would have gotten the 5th star if they had that too. Either way try the turkey and the brisket with some white bread and go home happy and full. (Full because you remembered to get the potato stuffed with Brisket right?? Good)
4	Its rare for us to go out for bbq, but we will get the craving once in a blue moon. Last Sunday that craving came and I suggested we try out Rudy's since it was new and buzzin' and just down the street from us. I ordered a 1/2 lb of the moist brisket and the BF had the jalapeno sausage sandwich. We also got small creamed corn, cole slaw & green chile stew. All that with one beer and a small drink and we paid around $20, not bad. Bread slices are complimentary.Brisket was super moist and tender! I tried it with the two different sauce and actually preferred the meat alone with no sauce. It was melt in your mouth awesome. Jalapeno sausage was okay, not spicy at all though. Creamed corn was good, not Lawry's good, but I'd order it again. I actually sprinkled a little salt and it tasted better. That's just me, I like the sweet & salty combo. Green chile stew was good also. Not spicy but flavorful. Cole slaw was exactly like KFC's, but that's okay with me 'cause I like KFCs slaw. Bread was the generic supermarket white & wheat bread. I had a bite or two. Only a week has passed and I'm already craving for some brisket again. This is saying something about the place cause like I've mentioned, BBQ cravings come around once or twice a year for me.
5	HOLY AMAZING BBQ!This is the kind of place that makes me think, "Thank God I'm not a vegetarian!"The smoked meats are terrific, namely the Brisket (moist) and the Turkey (who knew BBQ could be guiltless?! And SO delicious--only about 200 calories for a half pound), which is so juicy and flavorful it doesn't need sauce.My husband and I did Take-Out so we didn't have to deal with the lines and that went very smoothly...so friendly and helpful was the counter girl that he asked if he could tip her--she said "not allowed" (which was cool).We tried a little bit of everything on the side: potato salad was egg/vinegar style (no bacon or onions) and we both enjoyed it. The cream corn was rich and tasty but a bit too sweet for me (wasn't expecting that; almost thought it could be a dessert). The BEST side we tried was the Green Chile Stew which had a kick but not too much. Very nice!For dessert I was just going to taste the Peach Cobbler (I gobbled it all up!) and the banana pudding (with Nilla Wafers and whipped cream, nice but could've used some real banana chunks). I'm from Jersey so my opinion on Texas BBQ carries very little (if any) weight but I can say that the smoked meats are wonderful and they allow you to put your own sauce on ("Original" or "Sissy") which I like because sometimes I don't want ANY sauce.I am already planning my next visit! Yay!
4	The moist brisket is very good, and the various BBQ sauces are fantastic. You order at the cashier, so you get your food very quickly. There are many tables located throughout the restaurant -- we were able to find seats for our group of 7 very easily. Would likely go again to try out some of the sides and other meats.
4	We decided to give this place a try.  When the people coordinating the line found out I had never been there before, they gave me the intro. Sounds like a meat out.  They had lots of choices for meats all smoked.  We got there about noon, and it had a line to the front door.  Interestingly enough, the line did seem to move pretty. At the register, they asked me if I wanted to sample anything (since I hadn't been before).  I went with the smoked turkey.  Wow.  I have to say that this is the 1st time that I've gotten turkey that was not bone dry. The turkey was charred on the outside and moist and juicy on the inside.  Color me happily surprised.  =)  After reading the reviews on here, I decided to skip all the sides, but did get a sample of the green chili soup.  I think that would be a winner. That taste was most excellent, and it had veggies.  Most of the sides seemed to be a mayo fest, so it was a good call on the skip.  My co-worker, got the prime rib - apparently they offer it on the weekend.  I was less impressed with his prime rib.  My key takeaway from this visit was to go with someone and share. I found 1/2 pound of turkey just WAY too much.  My co-worker was happy to finish it off for me.  My one only slight complaint is that this is must more of a family ho-down type place than a nice dinner out.  I'd suggest getting it to go and doing your own sides at home to go with the excellent smoked turkey.  =)
5	Best BBQ in AZ. No fuss serving. Meat is served and charged per Lb.
5	Often imitated, never duplicated... except it's a chain :) Felt exactly like the Rudy's I've been to and the clientele was nearly exactly the same as well! haha. Make this place popular, guys. They'll even give you samples - what's there to lose?And if I may, get creamed corn because I actually drove from California to get this today, Arizonians. Jealous!They also sell plenty of Shiner Bock and Blue Bell ice cream here. I'll be back!
5	Ok, now HERE is some serious BBQ!!  Robyn N., Mike C. & I dropped in here for lunch today & I thought the food was so terrific that it soared right up to top favorite BBQ in the whole Valley for me, except for the monthly BBQ Buffet at The Barbecue Company.  The Moist Brisket was super good & moist without being fatty, their (hotter version) Rudy's BBQ Sauce was my favorite of all the local BBQ places I have tried, the Green Chili Stew was awesome & the potato salad excellent!1/2 Lb. Moist Brisket:  $6.49Bread & various condiments including peppers, tomatillos, onions, pickles etc:  FreeGreen Chili Stew:  $2.19Potato Salad:  $1.99Woohoo!     :-))
5	I have yet to step foot in this place, however I don't need to in order to rate it. A friend of mine said, "I am coming up from Tucson and Rudy's is on the way to your house I am bringing breakfast." OK, well I'm game for anything. He brought the breakfast tacos. First its more like a breakfast burrito its big for a taco. Secondly, it was utterly amazing. Apparently they take the left over brisket and trimmings from the night before, marinate it in BBQ sauce and BAM that's the breakfast taco ingredients. I have been craving another one ever since Friday morning when I had mine.I cannot wait to go try Rudy's for dinner. I have tried Bobby Q's, Famous Daves, Dickey's, and Brian's up in Cave Creek, this was BY FAR the best I have had in the valley!! Highly recommended!
3	I was in town for business, so stopped in here with a group of coworkers.  I've tried BBQ in a number of places with serious reputations for BBQ, and in the end, I think that Ruby's is just A-OK.  Not a thing wrong with it, just nothing transcendent.    It's a pretty casual place--you order at the counter and take your food with you.  I liked that.  I got a Shiner Bock beer--liked that, too.  But really good BBQ makes you stop in your tracks, and this just didn't.  Doesn't mean it wasn't worth it, though.
5	They have a store upfront where you can pick up your own "Sause" and/or Rub, and a breakfast taco if you're in a rush.   The meat is very high-quality and the Sauce to die for.  First had Rudy's in the late 80's brought in from TX, I was hooked.  What a treat having it local.  I went there last week around 12:30- they were giving the breakfast taco's away, that never happens before you wait in line to buy food.  They are generous with the protein and you will discover lunch costs more at McDonald's.Don't let the long lines fool you - it moves fast!
2	I was so shocked to learn that there're TWO bbq places just across the street of each other that I have to try both. Rudy's is the first one but I'm not planning in comparing against each other but to rate my experience.The ambiance and decor is nice if you like the back patio setting style with big tables barn-like. I liked it but I could easily understand people being annoyed by this.Service. A line-up service where you buy your food by the pound with the drinks in coolers is kind of interesting. It reminds me Fuddrucker's back in the late 80's.Presentation. A huge tray without plates, all in paper (butcher paper) gives (again) that backyard family bbq appeal that can be disappointing for some people.Price. The price is just OK, not a bargain (given the self-service and no silverware/china) but it's not a rip-off by any means.Food. The meats were tasty but they cook them without sauce. I had lean brisket (which was pretty good) and baby back ribs. Being said that the meat is tasteful, the sauces are on the lame side. Nothing impressive and the hot and mild have a forgettable flavor.Would I go back? Maybe.Would I crave to go there? Absolutely not.
5	I moved to San Antonio in 1989, the same year Rudy's Country Store added BarBQ to their grocery store. There was no inside seating and no air-conditioning. You sat outdoors next to the fire and usually smelled like wood smoke when you left. Soon there were lines out the open-air counter and ranch hands and dentists stood in line with all the other lovers of fine Texas BarBQ. I thought I had died and gone to heaven when Steve Freidkin, owner of TexAz Grill told me (at the Robert Earl Keen concert) Phoenix had a Rudy's. I was in line the next day for lunch! Almost everything felt like home and many others thought so too. The line snaked thru the restaurant and out the door. Just like home. I give it a 99%, the only concern was that the brisket tasted like it had been cooked in a new pit--WHICH IT HAD!  Takes time to season the pit with lots of good wood and smoke from the meat to produce the right flavor. But, its pretty dang close!  Closest thing to authentic anywhere in AZ.
4	I was disappointed on my last trip here.  The brisket I got was pretty much all fat.  I did email the company and surprisingly I got a response within  hours and it was on a Sunday.  They have offered to replace the brisket which I am happy with.
5	I dont usually care much for bbq spots. I find them to be usually overpriced and uninspired.  This place just seems to have bbq down to a science.  Furthermore my girlfriend and I filled up for 15 bucks! A definite must see for bbq lovers as well as foodies
5	Best bbq place in AZ. Buy meat buy the pound! Their turkey was really good. The moist brisket and ribs were awesome. And cream corn... good lord!
4	I was quite impressed with the smoked turkey baked potato! The turkey was full of flavor and moisture. I tasted the bbq sauce (original and sissy) and both were very peppery, which I didn't like. My vote is 4.5 because because they handle money and the food with no gloves but our order was very good nonetheless.
3	Moist brisket and pork ribs are solid and some of the best I've ever had.  But that's it.  The sides are borderline offensive.  So it's hard to go there unless I want nothing but a plate of meat.
3	Came here for lunch for the 1st time...and the line was long.  Was briefed by the server...p/u your sides...pick your meat...tell them how much weight of meat you want...also get unlimited slices of bread (white/wheat).  Boom you got your meal.  So I figured...instead of getting the sandwich...I can just make my own with the bread they gave me.   Liked how they weighed all the meat before you.  1/2lb of brisket didn't seem like a lot in my basket...but seemed liked what everybody was getting in around me. So figured that was enough and if you eat it with their bread it'll fill you up.  Lean Brisket taste good...sauce was good...nothing that wowed me.  Wouldn't drive out of my way to get here.  Average BBQ joint.
1	Overall the food and experience was very one note, all the meats tasted the same, smoked.  I stared at my dinner on a sheet of wax paper while I sat on a wooden picnic table and wondered if i was out to eat, or at a cafeteria for blissfully unaware refugees.  Not for the refined palate, no clear "order here" placement, your meat is weighed on a scale in front of you and placed on wax paper in a big plastic crate, no plates to eat off of, plastic utensils, and the "barbecue sauce" tastes like tomatoes paste mixed with sugar and a TON of pepper, try next door instead, maybe they use plates and silverware. 1 star for the potatoes salad... and that's being polite.
2	First the good:  The sweet tea is great.  When you find sweet tea around here it is usually outrageously sweet, this was not, it was perfectly sweetened and was not too we.  The potato salad was also quite good.  Now the bad:The way this restaurant is set up is horrible.  It is probably a safe bet that you will spend as long or longer standing in line than you will actually eating.  If you happen to come during an off time, you may only have to wait twenty minutes or so to order your food.  If you show up during a busy period, there is no telling how long you'll be standing in line.  I understand that the food is all pre made and in theory it should be possible to quickly move people through the line and to their seats.  For whatever reason it really does not work in practice.  There has to be a better way.I get it, Texans love the wax paper thing.  That's great.  Here's the thing; try ordering the prime rib, carry it back to your picnic table and start cutting it up with one of their plastic knives.  If you are anything like me, once your plastic knife has cut through the wax paper and rubbed your steak around on the bare table a couple of times you'll decide the best approach is to just eat the steak with your hands.  Granted, the wax paper and plastic cutlery probably works fine with the rest of the menu, but it doesn't work at all with the prime rib.  Despite all of the issues, I will probably be back.  My wife had the ribs and they were quite good, and I am betting that the brisket is great as well.  The fact is, there just aren't that many good BBQ restaurants in the area.  The prime rib was a bad choice, and that choice is really what lead to the bad experience.  I look forward to a better visit next time.
4	The moist beef brisket is very very good.  I would give it a 5 but the sides are ok.
3	This place was just built right by me, so naturally, I was stoked to go! I had never heard of Rudy's but there seemed to always be the longest line ever to get in. Needless to say, I had to try it! Once I got inside, I was a little surprised... It was almost like a fast food kind of restaurant. You walk up to the counter to order and the seating is all bench styled open seating. Not super ideal but kind of open and friendly at the same time.I'm not super big on spicy things and it turns out that even the least spicy thing there was, ultimately, too spicy for me... including the baked beans. But it was still pretty tasty. There was no real option to get any kind of veggie unless you wanted some okra or something random like that. Not my favorite place, but neat for something new and different.
4	I grew up in Oklahoma so I was raised on amazing BBQ. Think Texas or Kansas style, or a combination of the two. Since moving to Arizona I've had a very difficult time finding BBQ that meets up to my standards... Congratulations to Rudy's for being the first!I ordered the moist (AKA fatty) brisket, and the jalapeno sausage. The meat was full of flavor, moist as promised, and without a hint of artificial smoke flavoring.  I tried the Rudy's beans and the potato salad on the side; the beans were great, but the potato salad was just OK. To be fair, I'm extremely picky about potato salad. For desert, the banana pudding and the peach cobbler made me feel like I was back home.A couple of tips:*Servings are family style so go with at least one friend, or have a huge appetite.*Beer and drinks are served in a bucket, and your food is served in a basket.*There will be families with kids, so be prepared for all that comes with that.*Rudy's provides everything you need to take your left-overs, and everything reheats well.It's great to know that I can have great BBQ more often than when I go back home to see family! I'll definitely be back!
3	So yesterday I finally made time to check out Rudy's BBQ.  I work right around the corner and have been to the place across the street several times and figured it was time to give this place a shot.It was almost 2 PM when I arrived and I was greeted by someone who explained how the placed worked.  I was able to walk right up and order, but I've seen the line backed out the door on more than one occasion so it was definitely the time of day (I purposely went later to avoid the crowds).  I ordered a 1/2 lb of smoked turkey, half a sausage link, pinto beans, and a large drink for just under $14.  The turkey was moist & tender but I didn't taste much of a smoked flavor.  It wasn't bad at all, it just wasn't great.  The sausage was good also.  I like spicy, so I only tried the spicy bbq sauce.  I found the stoppers on the bbq sauce bottles to be cumbersome to get an appreciable amount of sauce to come out.  I actually didn't care for the sauce, as it had an overly-tangy flavor which overwhelmed the meats.  I really prefer when a bbq place has the big kettle of sauce as opposed to bottled sauce.  The beans...well they were OK...definitely no pizzazz to them...for just being plain pinto beans, they were decent, but definitely not great....if I go again, I'll probably try the cole slaw instead.I've been to a few mom & pop bbq joints in Tx and Rudy's does a good job of duplicating that ambiance.  Bare concrete floors, long rows of tables with paper table cloths on one side and picnic tables on the other...and that open ceiling architecture.....I can imagine the how loud and echoie (is that a word???) the place gets when it's packed!I read some reviews complaining about the wax paper in lieu of a plate....sure enough, my paper split open while cutting off a bite of sausage...exposing it to the table.  Hope it was clean...I ate it anyway  lol  I'm giving Rudy's 3 stars because I think it's OK, but not great.  I will go back and try the moist brisket to see how that goes.Good Eats,B
5	Bring your appetite and roll up your sleeves. This is my favorite place to eat in Albuquerque and finally they are here....I drive 35 miles to eat and am glad to do it.The Jalapeno Sausage and Lean brisket are my favorites, but I love everything they smoke...The real deal when you can smell the smoke in the parking lot...PS  try the banana pudding...
3	the lesser of 2 bbq evils.as i said in my review or cant stop smokin bbq I LOVE BBQ & couldnt wait 4 both these to open, but then the disappointment.WHAT IS UP WITH THIS BY THE POUND ORDERING STYLE????Ive never dealt with this b4 and Ive been all around the country! and all of the sudden 2 rest. within 300 ' of each other both do it??? oh well, about the food.it smells great outside!the layout is better than css bbqI was urged to try samples, which is greati got the turkey, and bought a hunk of cheese (???)THEY ONLY HAVE 2 BBQ SAUCES & they arent even much different?!coleslaw was really plain.the "school lunch" type seating is dumb, i dont want to be forced to eat with strangersand im out of jr. high!!
4	The wet brisket was great as was the pulled pork. The chicken was excellent. But.....I went there for the ribs and I was a little disappointed. Gotta get the potatoe salad and cream corn sides.
5	Finally got a chance to stop into Rudy's and try their famous BBQ and I was not disappointed my friends. My coworker and I took other Yelper's advice and got there early (10:45) for a Friday lunch. By the time we left the line was to the door. I got 1/2 lb of moist brisket, potato salad and a root beer. The moist brisket was the best brisket that I have ever had. It just melts in your mouth and the crispy burnt ends are so flavorful with just the right amount of smoke and rub. The rudy's sauce compliments the meat perfectly. I love how the regular sauce is spicy and the mild sauce is "Sissy". BBQ sauce should have a nice kick to it. the potato salad tastes like good homemade potato salad. Nothing crazy cause it don't need to be when it's good. I couldn't leave without buying some of their sauce and dry rub to try on a pork butt this weekend. i will be coming back to Rudy's for another round soon. It's legit BBQ!
1	Ribs- I'd rather eat the ribs out of a hungry man meal. The brisket- ill just do it myself rather then pay these inflated prices. And by the way, if you say the ribs are 6.49 a pound, then give me a pound or less. Not more and then charge me more. I don't see McDonalds weighing their 1/4 pounders and charging you more because it's over a  1/4 of a pound. I paid 8.49 for what the menu said was 6.49. That's BS. Give me the right amount or less. I know good BBQ and this place is sad.
1	I had been to Rudy's on NM. It was not great, but OK. I decided to give the Chandler store a try. I had the moist brisket, and a jalapeno link. The brisket was mostly burnt to a crisp, and almost half was fat. I could not even chew through the link, and it was very greasy. The beans were plain. The white bread was stale. This is a HIGH priced self service BBQ joint. Everything is by the pound at the counter. No wait staff. Plastic silverware, and butcher paper is all they have. I would call this low class. Yes it may be what some call traditional, but I like to have real plates and silverware.Back to the old standby Honeybears or Dave's
5	This is definitely right up there with the top BBQ places in the valley. I ordered the pork loin, which generally isn't the kind of thing I'd judge a barbecue place for, but this was absolutely delicious. The cream corn and banana pudding was pretty good as well.I'm really looking forward to making it out to that side of town again, to try the brisket and the rest of the menu.
5	I grew up in San Antonio and we often drove up the I-10 toward Boerne for their brisket.  Okay, maybe compared to the original location and compared to some  joints in the Hill Country, this place rates four stars, but it is certainly the best BBQ in Arizona.I know that there are regional disputes and tastes about BBQ and that there are rib and sausage and pork people from Up North.....and DAMMIT, it is the rub NOT the sauce!  If you want Hill Country, South Texas beef brisket, Rudy's is the place and at reasonable prices.  They serve Shiner's!   They make the other stuff too but BBQ really should be brisket and all else is novelty, bar-B-Q flavored food.It is on Chandler Blvd, just East of the I-10 and worth the drive.  Pity the chump that opened his BBQ place next door, just weeks after Rudy's opened.
4	Oh my, yes. I've been craving some good barbecue lately, and this hit the spot. I had the moist brisket and the pork loin with the original sauce and a big ol' ear of sweet buttery corn. The meat was moist and flavorful, the sauce was a great blend of sweet and hot. Will definitely be back.
4	Met a friend there for lunch. Didn't really know what to expect. Hadn't had bbq in a while. Was pleasantly surprised. Very good food. I highly recommend giving it a try.
3	My husband loves it here and raves about the food! I've personally hadn't been yet but when I do I'll update my review.From what I hear it competes with the likes of Lucille's BBQ at Tempe Marketplace. We'll have to see about that.Stay tuned...
3	Just okay. It certainly isn't "health food" and no salads are offered. My turkey sandwich was sort of bland. I went at 7pm on a Saturday and there was barely a wait. Alot of people must like this place though, because there was a constant stream of new customers coming in.
3	Decent BBQ with a country feel. You line up, order your food, grab some sides, sit on a picnic bench/table and chow down. The price is okay.Meat:1) Brisket, Lean (1/2 lb)2) Pulled pork sandwich3) Chopped beef (1/2 lb)Sides:1) Potato salad2) Rudy's beans3) Cole slawThe brisket and cole slaw were my favorite. Everything else was just okay.
4	I've had this on my list of places to try for a while now, and since I'm in this part of town for the next few days, I wanted to stop and try it out.  I came here for lunch today, and had a really good time.Pulling in, I decided to do lunch instead of dinner because I figured it would be a lighter crowd, and to some degree it was. I mean, it wasn't packed, thank goodness, but people were coming in like crazy!  Quite impressive at the heavy flow of traffic for a Saturday lunch hour.I came in and asked the girl at the front how it works here.  She went through how I stand in line, and place my order at the counter and they make the food while I order.  There's also a HUGE selection of cold beer as you walk through line that's on ice, along with a great selection of cold side items to go with whatever you eat.I took my time ordering at the register, and felt really comfortable taking my time.  No rush or pressure to "hurry up" and I had a lot of questions about their menu.  They had 3 different types of brisket, and I asked what the difference was between all three.  The girl told me that one was lean, one was not, and I forget what the third one was.  You can go with a half pounder type meal, or a smaller sandwich which is what I had wanted.  I went with the Moist Brisket, creamed corn, and a medium drink.  Total bill was just 9 and change.I got my food and went to take a seat. Everything here is picnic table style, so your going to end up sitting next to strangers, which I'm fine with.  They have BBQ sauce, hot sauce and one or two other items at each end of the picnic tables. If your stuck in the middle, I don't know how you would get the BBQ sauce if its clear at the other end.  The Brisket itself was AWESOME! Most, tender and definitely awesome! I totally loved how it tasted, and everything was just right.They also have a HUGE hand washing station for when your done eating.  Why do I love this?  First, BBQ is messy! You get your hands kinda gross from the sauce and who wants to go into the bathroom just to wash your hands? They have 4 or 5 different nozzles and the water is nice and warm..soap and towels to! right there out in the open!  I love it.Here's why I deducted a star. It's going to sound SO DUMB but I think you'll get it. First, there wasn't really any BBQ sauce on the sandwich itself. That's fine because the meat tasted perfect without it.   Normally, at other BBQ places, there's a selection of a few different sauces to choose from if you want to dress your meat with sauce. Rudy's only had 2.  Regular and spicy.  Okay, I'll take that. Here's the catch. The sauce is IMPOSSIBLE to get out of the container! They have this weird nozzle on the sauce container and you must use both hands to get it out...including pounding on the bottom of the bottle and turning it 100% bottoms up!  I know what your thinking...the bottle must be empty, right? NO ITS 100% FULL.  I got so irritated with it, that I just stopped putting sauce on! I want more sauce! Why does it have to be a major project?   Eveyrtime I tried to sauce my sandwich, it became a huge bottle beating project!  Basically, they need better nozzles that let more sauce out so I don't have to break the dam thing to put it on my sandwich! argh!!!!!Overall, I would 100% recommend this place! GO EAT HERE.  Definitely worth the drive!  They even have a little store in the front where you can buy stuff like BBQ sauce and other stuff for your home too!
4	After having eaten there several times, here's my 5 cents:I love the Prime Rib!  Yes, it's $9.49 for 1/2 lb, but can I make prime rib at home like this?  No.  Not even going to try.  I'll pay the premium.  Prime Rib is offered only Fri-Sun.The brisket is either really good, or not.  The brisket at Can't Stop Smoking is always good.The pulled pork here is phenomenal!  The sides here are better than at Can't Stop Smokin, in my opinion.  One of the overlooked menu items is the Jumbo Baked Potato.  I usually get one loaded with meat.  Talk about a meal!!  Guaranteed to stuff you for the night. The bbq sauces are a bit tame.  I still love Famous Dave's 'Devils Spit.'  All in all, a very good place to eat, and it is no frills.  You don't have a waiter, but you might have to wait.  Usually a line at the place, even almost 4 months after they opened.  So you know it's good.
2	The service is good but everything else is mediocre at best.  The sauce and meat had little to no flavor.  I had the brisket and the other person I was with had the pulled pork sandwich and neither of them stood out.
4	As I just finished my brisket breakfast taco from Rudy's I realized I really need to write a review for this joint.  I've eaten at Rudy's all over TX and was happy to see they opened one here.  I've always been a huge fan of their moist brisket and the ribs.  Little did I know about the breakfast tacos.  Now they are a new addiction.  For $1.70 you get a fat stuffed taco with egg, cheese, and your choice of smoked meat.  They also have tacos without meat which have fried potatoes instead.  Heaven in a tortilla.Some of the other Rudy's reviewers would have a nervous breakdown if they ever went to Kreuz Market in Lockhart, TX (which in my opinion is the best smoked meat anywhere).  Kreuz's has signs that say No Sauce No Forks, and you have to sit at picnic tables with strangers!  (gasp!!!)Our world needs more of the Texas-style good ol' good time to be found at these kinds of BBQ places.  Go to Rudy's, order the smoked meat that your heart desires, or that your stomach is craving, grab a cold beer from one of the ice-filled tubs, make some new friends, and relax.  You won't regret it.
2	I dig that they serve meat without sauce. BBQ is about MEAT! The atmosphere is decent, and they move the line pretty quick. I had the Cutter's Choice brisket ($6.19) and a side of Rudy's beans ($2), while my cohort had the pulled pork($5). The brisket was too dry for my taste, and the rub overpowered the smoke flavor. The quality of the meat was ok. The beans were almost all spice and no flavor, My friend's pulled pork was nice and smoky, but had a stringy texture, and was almost waterlogged. Neither of the "sauses" seemed to complement the meats, adding an unbalanced tartness to the food  For desert, I tried the peach cobbler, which was disapointing, as well, with what tasted like canned peaches, and a really soggy crust. For the money, there is better Q in town. Probably won't be back here
4	I've eaten at Rudy's in TX and was very happy to have them right here in Chandler and provide a little competition for my always delicious Honey Bears.  They do very well in comparison.  Their quality of meat is incredicle, much better than HBs, and the fact they let you sample the different types is great.  The BBQ sauce is very good as well.  I do prefer the memphis style BBQ sauce of Honey Bears but Rudy's is still very good as an alternative.  The beans and the potato salad are the only two sides I have tried thus far.  Both of them were very good.My only complaint is the lack of fries or mac and cheese.  I am not sure what the reasoning is for not having these items.  I am sure they would do a great job on them based on everything else they have.I've had breakfast here once and was impressed.  I will be back again for that.  Brisket, eggs and bbq sauce go very well together.
5	What an awesome surprise in Chandler!  My husband and I stopped in for Dinner last night and let me tell you how refreshing this place was.  No plates, not your typical Az BBQ restaurant.  LOVED the entire experience.  And that's what it was!  Great brisket, great turkey, coleslaw and Rudy's beans!!  Man the White Mountains needs a Rudy's!  We have so few restaurants that I even want to eat at twice.  This place was incredible, from the decor, the ordering experience where smoked and Bbq'd meat is sold by the (1/2) pound, to the "no plate" atmosphere, to the wash basin in the hallway where you can wash up...I totally enjoyed my Rudy's experience and have told 3 people about it and it hasn't even been 24 hours since I ate there!  A must try in Chandler.  Feel sorry for the "other" place next door.  No competition....Try Rudy's...you won't be sorry!
5	I seldom drive by a Rudy's without stopping and the new store in Chandler is a welcome site for me driving home to CA.   Same great BBQ as all of the ones I stop at in Texas and New Mexico.    Great food great service and a down home feel.   Pretty sure this will put the bbq place across the street from it out of business in a hurry.That great smoke flavor in the meats is there and sauce is a condiment as it should be.Love it!!!
4	I couldn't rate this place until my 2nd go around only because my first time was take-out.  That being said, I did get the same thing both times and am pretty sure I can say I enjoy their Pulled Pork portion and would get it again.  It is moist, soft, and flavorful all on its own, but I do enjoy drizzling some Sissy sauce on it.  I've also had their corn-on-the-cob twice and found it super plain and not even sweet or enjoyable.. totally blah for me with the corn.  They use real butter, though, so if I liked their corn, I'd be a fan of that.  I'll stick to the pulled pork.On to their BBQ sauce: I am not a big fan of a few things, mainly how they serve the sauce, which is in a large diameter *glass* bottle with a bottle pourer (the kind bartenders used to control the flow of alcohol when pouring)... no bueno. It took me a long while to get a quarter size sauce on to my pork and it was just frustrating.. and the glass makes it non-squeezable.. and the huge bottle makes it heavy to hold while you're waiting for gravity to help you get that little dab of sauce out and on to your meat... yeahhh, it was that annoying.  Here's an idea: make your sauce fresh and then put it in big ass jars than we can either portion out ourselves (like Joe's Real BBQ) or put it in squeezable bottles (like Famous Dave's)... *anything* but giant glass bottles with pourer restrictors on... puhleeeeze!Their staff is very friendly, the ambiance is very relaxed and totally casual, pic-nic-style seating and, of course, country.  They have a great concept of huge coolers of booze (beer) where you can pick out your beer and put it in a bucket.. they also have sody-pop and sweet tea.  Country music on the speakers.... yummy pulled pork... buckets of cold beer... pic-nic seating.. that's what I enjoyed.
4	Really glad to see Rudy's move into AZ. I ate there all the time in Austin.They would get 5 stars if they'd add some sides that were reasonably healthy... green salad, steamed veggies, etc... I NEVER eat there, I always get take out since I want some side that won't make me gain 5 lbs.Come on owners... buy a clue here!
4	Mmmmm...creamed corn.  Creamy, sweet, deliciousness.  Moist Brisket.  Smoky, peppery, juicy, so good.  I absolutely adore Rudy's.  We were first introduced to Rudy's in Austin, Texas, and this location does not disappoint.  There is free bread and a pickle station. Everything is sold in either 1/2 lb or lb fashion.  The sides are small, pint or quart.  If you've never been, you gotta jump in your car and make your way to the big red barn and get your grub on.  Most everything on the menu is great, but all I need is the moist brisket (if you are trying to save on some calories, go for the lean...but I say save up your daily calories for just one meal and go moist), and a bucket of creamed corn and I'm in heaven.  Okay, maybe some sweet tea too.  If you're feeling spicy, go for the sausage, it has great flavor!Hey, driving to Chandler beats driving to Texas.  And this brisket is driving to Texas worthy.
4	Yum. I like Rudy's. I used to eat at Rudy's when I lived in Albuquerque. My favorite meal was smoked turkey and the butter drenched potatoes and it is here in Chandler too. The turkey is tender and a bit smoky, potatoes are perfect and very buttery. My only complaint is the turkey was excessively salty! So much so that I thought it was just a bad night and we went back the very next day. Yep, the very next day.Let's talk about the atmosphere first. You park in the parking lot and take a deep breath of smoking meat goodness. You walk in and typically get welcomed by someone in the gift shop/country store. Then go stand in line around troughs of drinks, soda and beers, pass by a big fridge full of desserts in small containers. They have many cash registers so the long line will go fast, order off the board, all the typical meats, sides,  AND GREEN CHILE STEW! Get the stew or you will be sad, it is like straight from NM. The real deal. They take your order people in line behind the registers are cutting, slicing, chopping your meat fresh and weighing it out. If you order potatoes they may ask with butter? Um, hell ya. Drown 'em. Do you want sliced white bread? Not me but maybe you do. Pay and stop at the bar for peppers, sauces, napkins, utensils and paper to put down on your table. Go find a big picnic table to sit on, spread out your paper and dig in. Two sauces on the table, regular with a little bite, and one with a big bite. We tried it all the second visit and enjoyed everything but the turkey was still very, very salty.I loved the green chile stew and will be back for that but given the choice between Famous Dave's and Rudy's - I would probably choose Dave's. Maybe it's the atmosphere as Rudy's is a bit of work, plastic utensils, no plates and no price break.
4	I'm a true meat and potatoes kinda gal so when a new BBQ place opens up of course I gotta check it out. The boyfriend and I hit up Rudy's on a Sunday afternoon around 2:00pm. We were a little surprised to find the parking lot packed and when we walked in there was a long line. At 2:00pm! I'd hate to see the line at the lunch or dinner rush. I've heard the line is often out the door. Anyway, we got in line and began to look over our menu choices. We decided on the brisket and the pulled pork. They had a few sides but nothing I was that impressed with. No french fries and no mac n' cheese. But they did have peach cobbler so I got that.They sell their meat by the pound. Since we were getting it to go we ordered 1/2 lb of brisket and 1/2 lb of pork. For the brisket they literally open up the smoker, take out a huge slab of meat and cut your slices off and weigh it in front of you. Awesome. Meat-tastic even! We grabbed our bag o' meat, some sauce and headed home. The meat was very tender and tasty. The sauce is more of a spicy BBQ sauce than sweet but went well on both the brisket and the pork. I liked the pork best, but boyfriend prefers the brisket so everybody wins I guess. And the cobbler was excellent too. I'd like to go back and try their prime rib that they make on Sundays. they also make breakfast tacos. Hmmm. Maybe that's what I'll do tomorrow....
5	Great food. The concept was a little different i.e. standing in line to order and getting your food while you wait but it was pretty cool once we figured out what was going on. Everything is served ala carte so you just pick and choose what you want and they give it to you. They don't have plates. Just sheets of stiff paper that you eat from. That was a little different too. However the food was outstanding, the service impeccable, the atmosphere was fun and casual and our total bill for two out the door was a paltry $25.00! Oh and you don't have to tip because you do all the work! We will definitely be back.
5	Another great meal at Rudy's   Makes me feel sorry for the BBQ place across the street from it.   They cannot come close to the quality and prices.   Will be back in Oct on my way east.
4	Good place for BBQ. Neat set up with the way you get your food. It's all a la carte style. The decor is homey and open....quite comfortable. Once in line, you can choose from a variety of bottled drinks or can order a fountain drink at the end. Then you can choose a cold side and/or dessert such as cole slaw or pudding. Then on to the main attraction...a large cutting station behind the registers where you order sits several cuts of meat to choose from. And the best part is you can try any (or all) of them before buying. This really made the difference. I tried the pulled pork, the lean brisket and the moist brisket. I ended up with the moist brisket sandwich. It was amazingly tender. I also choose the chocolate pudding (YUMMY) and corn on the cob. All the food was delicious. Pro: You can set your own meal. Price is by the half pound so if you want a bit more, that is a plus. Also, you don't have to have a set meal. It's what you make of it.Con: First time here, and I felt a bit rushed while in line. This made it a bit stressful. Also, I would suggest to add salt to your dish as it was a bit lacking in the meal. Overall: I would go again, just because I can get something different every time and I can taste before I buy.
4	Okay...so I lived in Austin from 2000-2007 and had unlimited access to Rudy's. Loved their brisket and sauce, gas station set up and the fact they market themselves as the "worst BBQ". I moved to Phx for 4 years then back to Texas in 2010. San Antonio this time and yes we have Rudy's but they're not nearly as accessible as they are in ATX. So I think Ive been once in 2 years. Went for a wkd trip to Phx at the end of July and low and behold what do e drive by in Chandler? A Rudy's! My friend had never been so I insisted we go there for breakfast. Unfortunately my friend wasn't a fan of the sauce.. too peppery for her liking. I loved every second..not so much the brisket/egg taco but the potato egg & cheese with the sauce. OMFG! Delish! Well now Im moving back to CT so Im sure Rudy's is in my pat but Im glad I got one last taste. Ill miss you.
3	So, I had the Hotlink Sandwich It had real good flavor not Spicy thou, But good flavor. I wish it was hotter in both the Spicy and the temperature of the Meat it was room temperature you would think it would be warm or at less the BBQ sauce would have been warm. They had a couple different kinds if BBQ sauces witch was nice unfortunately I wasn't a fan of either one.The atmosphere was real nice real layed back long tables like you sitting and a family picnic was nice different I liked it. Over all I'll go back again
5	Definitely 5 star BBQ!!! We went to Joes based on local recommendations but it was sub par and dry... The meat wasn't moist and juicy... Rudy's BBQ was outstanding!! We had to drive out of our way to get there and our whole softball team showed up and everybody loved it!! Even my buddy... We are from NorCal and guys had to admit it was better than our hometown favorite Everett & Jones!!! I'm looking forward to our next trip out this way... Just to come back to Rudy's!!!
4	Very good barbecue.  I usually get the cutter's choice brisket, jalapeno sausage, and turkey.  The sides are okay, they don't have mac and cheese which is sad because I like mac and cheese with my barbecue.  I never order sides here.Its like a butcher shop here.  You order by weight, like say a pound of brisket and a half pound of turkey, then they wrap it in wax paper, and off you go! YUM!
1	This place is pretty much fast food bbq.  I don't mind kitsch if the substance is there but the food here was inedible.  I ordered the brisket sandwich, potato salad (I love a good potato salad) and beans.  To my dismay the beans were not BBQ beans (something I would expect from a BBQ place) but were pork and bean style with shreds of pork. They added pepper to the beans, A LOT of pepper.  Matter of fact everything seemed to have a lot of pepper.  I would equivalent the potato salad to any store bought brand- sort of slimy, sort of rubbery.  The brisket was dry, but I did go there late so I can understand that.  Other people who were with me ordered the pork sandwich, which I shared, and I could not even bring myself to eat it.  The pulled pork looked more like mush than anything else.  Simply unappetizing.  Other things order were the coleslaw, which was not eaten and the pork ribs- which were so so.Overall a pretty awful experience. I cant believe how many stars people are giving this place.
5	Just ate a Rudy's in Chandler.  Best BarbQ ever!  Linda K
4	We've gone here twice and both times is was great!! If you're brand new to Rudy's, let them know and they'll have someone come and explain the whole menu and how it works. They'll also let you sample the different meats before you purchase!The atmosphere: It's very casual and friendly. They have huge metal containers with ice holding beers, sodas, and other fun drinks. (FYI, if you don't want the glass bottled sodas they do have regular cups and a self serve soda fountain.) Large picnic tables are placed in rows in the main dinning area as well as on their patios. Fun, vintage metal signs adorn the walls giving it a more country laid back kind of look. They also have flat screen TVs hanging around the dinning area to watch whatever game is on.The Service: The first time we went everyone was extremely friendly and helpful. The second time we were also greeted with smiles. The guy who took our order seemed a little grumpy but towards the end of our order he gave a big smile. I think he was just focusing on the order to make sure it was correct. Either way he didn't ruin our experience.The Food: Both times the food has been delicious. The meat is tender and seasoned very well. I will say on our first visit my corn on the cob was over cooked but this last time I got the cream of corn and it was delicious!! And it is NOT like cream of corn from a can, do try there's, it's wonderful. The spicy chop and sausage is very tasty. My hubby loves the brisket! Next time I'm going to try their chicken. The new potatoes are great but if you get the butter on them they do put ALOT of butter, so maybe ask for them to go light on the butter. My hubby likes their potato salad, which is in the fridge near the front of the line, and he enjoys the corn as well. They only have two BBQ sauces to choose from, which are on all the tables, but both are tasty. One is  a little sweeter then the other and is always my choice. Know that when eating in the restaurant your meats will be placed on wax paper. At first I thought it was odd but after sitting down it just adds to their atmosphere and their meat is so tender that using the plastic forks and knives hasn't been an issue. As far as dessert I believe they have puddings and pies in the fridge but we've never had their desserts.The ONLY bad thing I can honestly think of is the bread. They'll ask you if you want some bread to go with your meal for free but don't expect homemade rolls. It's actually sliced bread from a bag, just like what you buy at the grocery store. This is my reason for the 4 stars. They really should be baking their own rolls. The first time we did accept the bread not knowing but this last time we didn't bother with it.Overall it's a great place for some yummy BBQ with a laid back atmosphere and the prices are well worth it.
3	Food- I have the "cutter's choice cut" I had 1lb. it was dry and not most at all, the meat did not fall apart, had a very small smoke ring around the edges. The cream corn is nothing to brag about, it lacks something, just can't put my finger on it. The green chili soup was spicy and would have been better if it was mac n cheese lol (which they don't have) The jalapeno link was good and spicy, but the bbq sauces were alright, the original reminds me of Open Pit BBQ sauce (I like it) and they have a spicy one too.Service- Cafeteria line, multiple people taking orders, friendly and polite, but felt like a McDonald's of bbq.Environment- Very large and it has two patios, about five TVs that I saw and then seating is either on a wooden bench or folding chairs. Garage doors for separating area is nice design. Troffs of beverages, beer, soda and IBC root beer.
5	Rudy, Rudy, RUDY....I don't know which will make that name more famous, that ex-fighting Irish inspiration or this slow-cooked, smoked deliciousness.This ain't a sticky sweet BBQ sauce kind of a joint.  The meat brings most of the flavor, the sauces just add a bit of heat and spice.  Brisket as tender as a Jane Austen novel.  Portions as big as Texas.  Prices fit for Arizona.  I'm already starting the Rudy chant for my next visit.
5	9/01/12I died and went to heaven where all the good pigs and all the good cows go. God then decided let's have a good BBQ with all these good animals... ahaha!  But really, that is how the story goes of how this place got started, haha! J/K! But could be ;)I fell in love with this place, very casual, hands on and yummylicious! As i walked in it was love at first smell, I have already decided that I'll be taking my next road trip to AZ just to come and eat at Rudy's... just have to wait for a nice long weekend to come by.This place is great, they make you feel welcomed and at ease as soon as you come in. By the looks of it, if you've never been there you would get a bit nervous at the way you have to order and just from having to figure it out. But no problem, someone greeted us at the door and explained the entire process and then it was all nice and easy. It sort of felt like I was standing in the lunch line at my old elementary cafeteria, except here you have the option of picking up a metal bucket and filling it with a variety of beers (that would of bee something in school! haha!) or bottled drinks but you can also go with regular fountain drinks if you prefer. In the seating area there are these long picnic-like tables and TV's around. You use tear out paper instead of plates and you don't need utensils but they have them if you must. Now lets get down to business; The meat is great, delicious tasting without even any BBQ sauce added. You get to sample as many different types as you like (except with bone) before you buy and they sell it by the pound (lb.) or in sandwiches. Let me tell yall, we tried it all! And it was all great, so good that we couldn't decide on what to get. The turkey was so moist and juicy. The sausage was yummy and spicy. The pulled pork, the beef, the ribs, the brisket...aaah I can go on. It was all yummy! Then you get to add the sauce and its something else from there; spicy, sweet, regular.I can't go on because I'm going to start drooling just from thinking about it.I will end with this, its a must try if your ever in AZ. Road trip anyone!?Fingerlicking yummyliciousness! Enjoy!P.S. Oh yeah, they also have a variety of sides (cole slaw, potato salad, corn etc.) and chicken ( and if you must know I don't care for any chicken, but I'm sure thats good too).
4	Really good ribs and brisket. I like them best without the bbq sauce. The ribs are meaty and moist. The brisket melts in  your mouth and their red potatoes could be considered comfort food. Their regular bbq sauce is a bit to spicy for me and their "sissy" sauce is too tangy. I prefer a sweeter sauce or just a dry rub.If you go, plan ahead because there is usually long lines at peak meal times. It's a stand in line, order at the counter, food served in a paper wrapping then in a deep tray type of place. Picnic table style seating.There's plenty left to take home and the leftovers are even better!
5	Great moist brisket! Awesome red potatoes, and southern style peach cobbler!
2	My husband had gone here and raved about this place so I decided to come back with him.  I first noticed the unappealing decor; plastic tables and chairs... However, they also had wooden picnic benches, which were a little more aesthetic.  I also liked the foot handle that they have on the bottom of the bathroom doors so you don't have to open the door with your hands.  The sandwich prices appear fare but once you add sides and a drink to your sandwich, it get's costly.  I did not like that they use disposable utensils, plates and cups.  I understand that they are trying to keep from having servers but Panera Bread uses reusable dishes and utensils and do just fine without servers.  I got the pulled pork sandwich.  It tasted fine at first but then I noticed a strange aftertaste, kind of chemical-like.  The place seemed very popular but I am not sure I would come back.
4	What a fun experience on top of some seriously yummy eats! I love the tubs of bottled drinks flanking the line, the condiments, the meat scales! They let you taste a bit before ordering like they do at Chino Bandito and I have to say - I really respect a place that confident! Went with friends and got to taste a bit of everything else - pork ribs, brisket, jalapeno sausage... creamed corn, potato salad, coleslaw, new potatoes. I really loved the creamed corn and potato salad. The pork ribs were my main dish, and I cleaned the bone. These were seasoned during smoking, not glazed like I'd have preferred, but still delicious with my choice of bbq sauce from their array of offerings. We left a mess across their wide picnic table seating and didn't feel bad about it. :-)
5	Ok I've been here about 10 or more times and I still love Rudy's the same as I first tasted them in Austin a few years ago. This place rules! Get the choice cut of brisket and try some smoked turkey and throw in a half link while your add it. You won't be disappointed. I've never been!  Overall my favorite BBQ here in Phx until I can be proven wrong. If this is not the best one in Phx, then it's one of them in almost everyone's list. I love Rudy's!
4	Amazing meal!!  Four baby back ribs ...pulled pork sandwich...small beans...small potato salad. Awesome meal. Very casual but I loved every bite. You are to go if you are in the Phoenix area
4	Not bad. Had better, had worse. Will be back. :-)
2	This place sets a new standard for mediocrity.  Felt like I was sitting in a dirty barn.I do have to say, the brisket was good, but that's as far as it goes.  The cole slaw was bland, the pork was fair and the corn on the cob was water-logged.  Could have rung it out like a sponge.  We were afraid to touch the bottles of barbeque sauce that were on the table...encrusted with food.   Hard to believe that this place got good reviews...no accounting for good taste, I guess.
5	Really solid BBQ place the meats are tender and actually good enough to eat without BBQ sauce. Also the customer service there is very good and they give plenty of free samples if you ask.
2	I heard so many good things about this place and was very disappointed, first it was VERY expensive to eat for two people, better value and just as good BBQ next door. This was my first time here, and was over whelmed with the experience the workers didn't make it easy I felt rushed ordering and when I would ask questions, they would roll thier eyes....
5	Awesome services, outstanding brisket and great prices! Authentic Bar-B-Que joint!
5	Absolutely amazing BBQ!  Since discovering Rudy's we have forsaken all other wannabe BBQ joints!  Even the kids love it.  The Brisket 'moist' is the best anywhere!  THe nice thng is they don't need to smother their meat in sauce like other places.  They have a great sauce, but the bbq stands on its own.  The sides are awesome as well..........and the best part is you can eat with your hands!  They provide rolls of butcher paper and we love to toss the food on the table and go to town!  My 8tr. old daughter loves the brisket as well and her favorite quote is:  You gotta have the fat 'cause if you cut the fat, you fill the flavor!
5	Had lunch here yeasterday and it was fantastic as usual.  It does not seem to matter what you order the meats are all fantastic.  If you are not sure what you want they will let you sample a few things first.  I do have to say that so far I have not found a side item that is any were near as good as the meats.  I have tried the coleslaw, potato salid, cream corn and corn on the cob, all just ok.  But who cares the meats are so good you wont want to waist a single bite on anything else.  So skip them and get more meat you can't go wrong.  The Bannana puddings is very good though.
5	You can't find good barbecue food in AZ, but this is awesome!  The turkey is my favorite.  Loved this place in NM, and now here in AZ.
2	I honestly don't know what all the hype is about.  The turkey is pretty tasty, but other than that we were not impressed.  As other reviewers have stated, just trying to get the BBQ "sause" out of the bottle is irritating.  Casual is one thing, but I felt like I was eating in a barn somewhere.  Would get turkey or pork for carryout again, but that's about it.
2	I went here with my girlfriend and neither of us were impressed with the food. She had the brisket sandwich which completely lacked any sort of flavor along with corn on the cob which was soggy and inedible. As for me I had the baby back ribs which were OK but far from great. I would not recommend this place to any friend and will certainly not be coming back.
3	I have been here a few times but I hesitated to write a review because I was not quite sure about how I felt about it. There was a frenzy of five star reviews when this place first opened written by Texan ex-pats (yes, TX is its own country). Even though I grew up in AZ, I did live in Houston for 7 years... now that's a real restaurant town!  My favorite bbq there was Papa's and Good Co. and we also went frequently to County Line since there was one close to our house. But I also really enjoyed trying mom and pop joints on our weekend road trips thru Hill Country. There are a ton of places on a back country road you can only find by following the scent from the smoker that were meat markets that gradually evolved into eateries. The butchers used to smoke the older or less desirable cuts of meat to keep them from going bad and then serve them up by the pound with the sausage and all the other meats. Customers wanted to buy some of the smoked meat to eat right there so they set up some picnic tables outside the shop. Maybe there was an ice house on the property where they kept the meat that they could store some cold beer in. Originally you just got the meat on butcher paper with some sliced white bread and then they started making side dishes. That's Texas barbecue for you. Rudy's is not a butcher shop/ice house that gradually transformed into a bbq pit.  Its a chain restaurant. Not that there is anything wrong with that. But why can't I get plates? And a real table with a comfortable chair?? And someone to refill my drink? This place is not steeped in history, its only 6 months old. I watched them build it. So what is all this stuff on the walls? Just kitschy junk. I totally understand the Texans around town being excited about a piece of home here in Phx but I feel like this place is just sort of a sad imitation of real Texas BBQ place.Enough about the place itself, you either love it or hate it. As for the food, I liked the taste of the brisket. First time we went there were no visible smoke rings but subsequent visits the meat was much better. I love all the sauces but I wish they had a dry-rub on the meat for when you don't feel like sauce. The smoked turkey had much more seasoning to it. The ribs taste great, but where are the beef ribs? How can you call yourself Texas BBQ if you DON'T HAVE BEEF RIBS!?!? I don't really care for potato salad or coleslaw so the only sides I tried were the new potatoes and corn (boring) and also the beans which were good but in my opinion Texas beans should be much, much spicier. I was extremely disappointed by the fact that they don't have cornbread since in my opinion that is another staple of Texas style BBQ... but maybe that's just east TX?I do love the fact that they have a huge beer selection (including everything made by Shiner Brewery!) and that it is served ice-cold and at a reasonable price. But I do not like the fact that if I want another one I have to go wait in line again.  Boo to that. I am sure we will be back since it is so close to our house and despite the lack of plates, the quality of the food is WAY better than the place next door. I hope that I see Rudy's continue to improve.
5	As a native Texan coming to California from Austin for work, seeing the Rudy's sign on I-10 to Phoenix made my wife and I smile and know that all is good in the world!  Rudy's is good, ole fashioned, Texas BBQ and it tastes the same in Austin and Amarillo as it does in AZ.  We pulled off I-10 and pulled into the parking lot.  It looked just like the one's in Texas.  The inside WAS Texas with a Kevin Fowler signed Texas guitar (Im sure NO ONE in AZ knows who Fowler is) and Shiner beer - everywhere!  We can only find Shiner Bock in Southern California; Rudy's carried blonde, Bock, Cheer, and the rest.The staff was friendly and polite and aske us if we had ever been here before.  We replied "YES!  We're from Austin!!!  We come to Rudy's all the time!"  We continued to tell them of our love affair for Rudy's and they probably thought we were crazy.  We ended up ordering a pound of lean brisket, jalapeno sausage, 6 Shiner Bock's, 6 Shiner Cheers, and some Rudy's spicy sauce.Quality job, Rudy's, for establishing this place in Arizona.  You make the traveling Texan happy.  The dogs in our back seat were happy as well!!
5	I'm from Texas.  I'm not Arizona's biggest fan and I hope not to remain here for the rest of my life.  Every time I think I'm getting out of here, something happens and I get stuck.  Eventually, I'll escape this hell and make it back home.  I miss everything about Texas.  The friendly people, the trees, grass in front yard, tubing on a river that actually moves, breakfast tacos, and barbeque.  Thank God, two of those things are here now!I had stumbled onto Texas BBQ House and I admit, I loved it, but it's in a sketchy part of town that I'd rather not go to.  (And there's something wrong about eating barbeque out of crates in Scottsdale.)  At one point, my boyfriend and I actually contemplated making the 6 hour drive to El Paso to get some Rudy's.  Luckily, the next weekend a friend told us they were building a Rudy's!  Close to our house!  Down the street from where I was currently working!  I think it was maybe 2 days after it opened before we finally made it down there and it was EXACTLY like walking into Rudy's that's 10 minutes away from my parent's house.  There's country music playing and Blue Bell ice cream and tubs full of every kind of Shiner you could ask for.  It felt like home.  Every time I go, I'm simultaneously elated to feel like I'm back in Texas and depressed to know I'm not.  Everything on the menu is amazing.  I'm a big fan of lean brisket and jalapeno sausage, but seriously, there's nothing on that menu I won't eat.  I always get one of the big tubs of potato salad and that chocolate pudding will change your life. And, if you go in the morning, there's breakfast tacos!  This is the only place in Arizona that seems to know what a breakfast taco is and serves them!  It's a travesty that we live in a state with flour tortillas, but they refuse to make breakfast tacos or even figure out what they are!  As for the reviewer complaining about the crates and deli paper and *gasp* having to refill their own drink!  This is Rudy's Texas style barbeque.  We're friendly folk and we don't mind sharing a table with strangers.  Texans will just strike up a conversation with the people next to them, or in line with them, or hell, a phone call placed to the wrong number.  If you don't like it, go next door to the unlucky folk who happened to open a barbeque place next door to this gem.   And how can a place that's been open 24 years and opens a new location that looks exactly the same as all of their others be copying a place that opened maybe a year ago?  I do believe Texas BBQ House is copying Rudy's, not the other way around.  Get it right.  Bottom line, if you haven't tried Texas style barbeque, you need to go here.  Forget all the lame reviews from people that don't know better.  Just come and have the best meat of your life.
4	Their food is really delicious.  I would give it 5 stars were it by for the constant line. I don't like waiting in line 30 minutes-would rather sit at a table and wait. I know it's their "thing" and all but I just really hate lines. We have been three times since it opened and waited all three times. Won't stop us from going back but there will def be times I choose something else because of it!
3	Tried this place the other day, wasn't too bad but wasn't great, I decided to come here due to all the great reviews but the food was just okay. Although pricing was great and had a great food selection, everything was just average. I also didn't really care for their Tangy BBQ sauce and their corn on the cob wasn't crisp or sweet enough for me.
5	Great Authentic BBQ!My husband and I finally decided to check out Rudy's. It was beyond our expectations. The atmosphere is like a backyard BBQ at a friend's home. The seating is all picnic tables with bottle top openers and napkin holders all over the walls. First about the ordering, it is just like ordering at a fast food counter but so far from fast food. We had to stand in a line but getting the food wasn't any longer than what we would experience at a sit down restaurant. You wait in line and can pick your drinks and sides along the way. Once you get to the counter you tell them if you want any hot sides and what kind of meat you want. They get it ready right there as you wait. The food comes out on wax paper and in a crate and the meat is being cut right where you can see it. It is a different format from any other restaurant I have been in but I liked it. The meat is put in front of you on a scale like at a butcher shop but it is already cooked.  I had the pulled pork sandwich and I could tell it was slow cooked to perfection. It doesn't come with BBQ sauce but there are two big jars at your table to add. My husband had the turkey sandwich and it looked like it was cut right off the bone. He said it was the best turkey sandwich he ever had. Nothing is done fancy there, it is all about the meat. I will go back many more times.
4	4.5 stars.Right when we pulled up and parked you could smell the smoke.  We parked right in front of where they load the wood into their smokers.  It was a good sight to see.  Looked like we were in for some great BBQ.  We got in line and I was in awe of the big smokers they have behind the counter.  When you order your stuff, they pull it out of the smoker and cut it fresh for you and weigh it right in front of you on a scale.  They then place it on butcher paper and into a milk carton type tray.  I couldn't wait to try it!  We were in for some grub!  There was no line either (probably due to Easter) at almost noon which was a score!One of my coworkers used to work at a Rudys in Texas many years ago and he recommended I get a few things....  Pork ribs, creamed corn and a loaded baked potato with meat.  We got that and a whole bunch more too ;-).  We got 1/4 pound lean brisket, 1/4 pound smoked turkey, 3 pork ribs, 3 baby back ribs, a half chicken, a loaded baked potato with brisket on top, some creamed corn and some drinks. They also give you slices of white/wheat bread for free so you can make sandwiches out of your meat.  Total came out to $35.00.Here is how the food stacked up..................Pork Ribs- These things were fantastic.  They had a fantastic bark on them.  Almost looked burnt but they weren't.  They tasted great and had a strong pepper/smoke flavor to them.  I liked them a lot and my friend wasn't lying when he recommended them.  They were awesome!Baby Back Ribs-  These were great too.  Not as blackened as the pork ribs but still seasoned well.  The meat came off the bone with just a little tug.  Damn they were good!Smoked Turkey-  Delicious!  It had the perfect amount of smoke flavor but was still pretty moist and not dried out.  My best friend is a turkey lover (he ordered turkey every chance he could on our KC/Memphis trip a few years back).  He would have loved this stuff.  It was great!Lean Brisket-  I'm usually not a big brisket fan but this stuff was legit.  You could see the straight up smoke ring around the edge of the meat.  It was tender and delicious.  I don't know if I have ever had better brisket.  I would definitely get it again.Loaded Baked Potato-  They give you a softball sized baked potato and top it with a ton of butter, cheese, sour cream (we skipped the sour cream) and your choice of meat.  We got brisket on it and unlike the slices of brisket they give you when you order brisket on its own, this stuff was almost like burnt ends chunked brisket.  Tasted great!Half Chicken-  This is the only thing we didn't really like.  We picked at it a bit and it had a great smoked flavor but we were so full from everything else that we tossed most of it.  Wouldn't get it again.Creamed Corn-  This was just ok.  I like corn but usually when its corn on the cob.  Plain corn I will eat but I'm not the biggest fan.  This corn tasted like frozen corn you can buy and then they creamed it up.  Its almost like a gravy of sorts.  I probably would not get it again.  We tossed most of it.Coke products in the fountain drinks.  They had a grip of bottled drinks/beer in huge metal tubs of ice too.  It was cool to see.  My wife got a root beer in a bottle and liked it.Service was friendly.  They did forget to give me my potato at first but then when we brought it to their attention they got on top of it right away and brought it out to our table.  Total of $35.00 for the giant crate of food we got was well worth it IMO.  This was some of the best BBQ I have had in a long long time.  It reminded me of me and my buddies trip to KC and Memphis a few years back.  The smoked meats are delicious and I would come back often if I lived out here.  Don't even ask me how their BBQ sauce tasted.......I didn't try it.  The meat was so damn good it didn't need any.  That's a winner folks!  Legit Texas BBQ at its finest!
5	Rudy's Arizona is as good as Rudy's Texas. Try the Breakfast Tacos, brisket & eggs, potatoes & beans or any other combo. Breakfast heaven!  Dinner is meat, meat, more meat and beans. Bar-b-que at its best.
3	Have been to two other Rudy's in America, but this one in Chandler is fairly new. Guy at the counter was a dumbo. I would guess the first thing they teach you is to offer the customer bread and sauce on a to-go order? Well after that issue got settled, all I bought was some turkey. Still solid and since I don't mind a dryer version of the bird, it was enjoyable. But Texas BBQ House gets the edge for their unique spices. Rudy's just pretty much smokes the bird, but doesn't jazz it up. Both ways are good, it just depends on what your in the mood for.       They don't do this anymore (at least here), but Rudy's used to be know for a really friendly greeting and they always would offer you a sample of whatever meat you wanted, but you didn't have to ask, it was just offered. Back in Texas where I first encountered this chain, that was the norm, but in Chandler, it's business as usual.
3	When I first went into Rudy's, I was a bit skeptical.  I thought: Oh no, I just decided to eat at another crappy corporate BBQ place (like Famous Dave's).  I didn't like their potato salad. You can tell by the labels on the packaging that it's mass-produced and shipped from a warehouse (No different than what you would find at the supermarket after the deli section has closed). Despite some of the unimpressive sides, the brisket was excellent. I really like that they slice it to order, and that they give you choices for different types of cuts. It had a strong beef flavor and pretty pronounced smoke which I like with beef BBQ.  The sauce was perfect -- a blend of heat, sweetness, and tomato -- for brisket and probably for pork ribs.  To be fair, I didn't try the pulled pork, but I imagine that this sauce is too overpowering for pork, at least for my taste.  That aside, the brisket in and of itself is worth the trip.  I'd definitely come back for the brisket.
5	I gave it 5 stars because I have to follow a gluten/dairy/soy free diet due to food allergies and Rudy's has items on their menu that fit my diet.  The manager gave me a list of the items on the menu that contained gluten.  I found that to be very helful.  I love the brisket!
3	This is OK BBQ. The chicken I had lacked any smoke flavor. The BBQ sauce, for me, was more spice than any true deep flavor that I would expect from such a popular place, and the cole slaw had no flavor at all, it was mayonase and cabbage. If you want real BBQ go to either Andrews BBQ in Tempe, or Joes Real BBQ in Gilbert.
5	The brisket is amazing!
3	Rudy's is a pretty decent place to get a BBQ Sandwich.  Pros:  -There is sauce a-plenty and they are all pretty tasty            -Creamed Corn is OUT OF THIS WORLD             -Big space with plenty of seating            -Location is easy to find and near lots of shoppingCons: -Service is a bit unprofessional flirting and weird comments abundant           -There are no french fries (BBQ without fries is kind of un-American)            -"General Store" is pretty lame.  Nothing like a Cracker Barrel.             I say try it.  If for no other reason than that freaking amazing creamed corn!  I know this sounds weird.  As a rule I am not even a big fan of creamed corn, but WOW!  This stuff is GOOD.
5	Nom. Nomnomnom. Also, NOM.Moist brisket. Prime rib. Ribs, my gods, the RIBS. The sides - tater salad, banana pudding, peach cobbler - tasty little scoops of bliss.Rudy's sause [sic] is amazing, but I find a little goes a long way. The other night I had the moist and babies; one cup of sause was enough. The dry rub is wonderfully savory.Service has always been excellent, even when it's an obvious noob on the till. Being greeted by cute girls in tight jeans is a nice added bonus.So much better than the place next door. So. Much.
5	My friend, who is a native Texan, invited me to try Rudy's BBQ.  He told me it was the closest thing to real Texan BBQ.  As I started walking into the restaurant, I heard some country music.  I knew that at least the ambiance going in would be authentic.You start off your journey by picking up a beer.  I recommend the Shiner Bock IPA or original Shiner Bock.  You can choose assortment of meats and sides.  If it is your first time or if you want to sample something, they will give plenty to try out.  I highly recommend their jalapeno sausage and pork loins.  When you are done, you can ask for bread and make a little sandwich with whatever items you picked out.  Lastly, you have an area where you can pick up your condiments and sauces.  The BBQ sauce here is awesome!
5	I couldn't believe my eyes as I was meeting some colleagues at their hotel before going to a client meeting. There was a sign that said Rudy's and a building that looked just like one in Austin. Living in Boston, we don't have real barbecue, and a real Rudy's would be great.After the meeting and before heading to the airport I was happy to find out this is the same Rudy's. It was great. The killer was the moist brisket. It was almost sinful. It was juicy, had a good bark, and was not fatty (a difficult mix). The regular brisket was just as good -- it had more of a bark and was still moist. The ribs had an ton of flavor.If I had to choose, I'd just go for the brisket. They were both insane. And forget the mild sauce; the regular sauce was barely spicy.If I'm in Austin, it's not Franklins or the Iron Works. In AZ, it's a 5 star.
4	Excellent BBQ, but only if you go during lunch. Food is much fresher at lunch and I've been served some freshly cut, steaming hot Brisket and Baby back ribs to die for. The fall off the bone goodness basically didn't even need any sauce it was that good. However, I've also come during dinner where quality fluctuates greatly. I've been served decent BBQ at best and dry BBQ at the worst. Even the baby back ribs at night have been much tougher/drier and turkey has lacked moisture almost to the point of feeling like eating hydrated jerky or something.Overall, it's a great lunch joint, when food turnover is high and they're cranking out fresh food constantly. Dinner, I'd personally avoid. I've had most of their menu so far and I can recommend the following especially during lunch:Brisket LeanTurkeyHot Links (Jalapeno, if you can handle actual spicy. If Tabasco is too much for you, don't bother trying)Baby Back RibsGreen Chile StewHaven't tried their prime rib yet among some other stuff, but I've almost had everything else. I'm not a big fan of their refrigerated stuff like coleslaw as they have a bunch of styrofoam cups prefilled with food and based on what I've tried it isn't very fresh to me.Sauces wise they have their standard and a Sissy sauce. Both taste really similar to me and neither of them are very spicy, just more of the standard sweet BBQ sauce.
5	I've been on a BBQ quest for a month or so and haven't been able to find anything good. The quest ended last night at Rudy's. they say "real Texas BBQ" and it is! I had the moist brisket and the wide had the lean. This is good stuff!
1	I feel sorry for Texans if they think THIS is good BBQ!  Go to Joe's BBQ in Gilbert.We were excited to try a new BBQ joint closer to our house since we normally go to Joe's BBQ in downtown Gilbert..  Now listen fellow yelpers, you have never steered me wrong.  So I was convinced this was going to be good, after reading all of the rave reviews and seeing a 4 start avg for this place.  I cannot say that I agree with the good reviews of this place at all.We arrived at 5:45 PM on a Sunday eve and were cheerfully greeted by a young lady who helped us figure out how it worked.  You grab a bottled beer or soda (or they have cups where you order for fountain drinks) and then order at the counter.  No line and we got up to the counter and I decided on the moist brisket, given the good reviews I had read on here.  I watched them cut it up and throw it onto some wax paper and put it in our feeding trough (some crazy basket that they put all of your food into, as there are no trays or plates!).  I decided on beans and creamed corn and then the guy asked if I wanted white or wheat bread. I chose white and he slapped 5 pieces of Wonder bread into the trough.  I don't get the bread part and they give you way too much.  Off we went with our basket of food and we found a picnic table to sit at where we didn't have to eat with strangers at one of the other long 20 person tables, like on a cruise ship!  We then checked out the condiments and I grabbed a paper container filled with pickles.  Had both the sissy BBQ sauce and the hotter one and they both were ok.  Nothing to write home about.  The creamed corn looked and tasted like someone just took corn niblets from a can and put it into some cream.  It was not tasty at all.  The beans were not bad.  But the moist brisket....it was moist alright - it was oozing fat!  I think 50% of the meat was fat.  I was somewhat disgusted.  My husband had the same thing and he did not like it either.  Luckily, he had chosen Lay's BBQ chips for his side. Cannot go wrong there!!  Pretty sad when the best part of your meal is a bag of Lay's BBQ potato chips.  I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".
4	Finally a place worth for briskets!!! Get the moist!
2	Wanted BBQ. low-and-behold two joints right next to eat other. The only reason we chose Rudy's was because it was busier, we assumed because it was better of the two....Scanned the restaurant; picnic tables, clean and open. OK., awesome I can bring my toddler and not worry about her ruining other peoples' meals.Greeted right away by a lady at the "country store". She asked us if have been before which we hadn't, I replied that we needed help (I have a20mo and a 4mo infant in a carrier). She came over to show us the menu, the line to place our orders and let us know that the cashier can give us samples of the meats. Fan-frickin-tabulous.We figured out our order then went to the counter. ALL DOWNHILL FROM HERE. Miss boring-as-all-get-out brunette. She didn't even look at us. HELLooooo.She wasn't even up at the register, but back about a foot. I asked if they had a kid's menu, she mumbled something incoherent. What??? So 2 registers down was a young man so we passed on miss head in the clouds. As we head to the other register the cashier left. ARGGGGGG! Back to the brunette.I start the order..... turkey sandwich and brisket sandwich..... to which she yells back and a man starts carving. Sandwiches were brought FAST. Then we ordered potato salad (get it yourself from the fridge), corn and new potatoes. She turns and gets the corn and potatoes, meanwhile my sandwiches are getting cold. COLD.She tap-types on her register and then says our total. Excuse me, can I order drinks????? Her bubbly reply (add sarcasm) "oh yeah".We grab napkins and a table, apply the bbq sauce and dig in..... to ice COLD meat sandwiches.Quick back track to the menu...NO KID's MENU?No mac and cheese?No fries?No cornbread?No green beans?No salad?The goodTurkey was moist and had a good flavor, would have been excellent if warm.Husband said brisket was really really good, but cold.The bad-Sause sucks, worse sauce I ever tasted. Like water and pepper. They have 2 sauces and both taste the same. One has a ton of pepper, the other has more.-Potato salad, really is potato salad so difficult?-Corn was soggy and had no flavor.-Red potatoes (called NEW POTATOES here) are water logged gross.The ugly-Napkins on the other side of the restaurant in a dispenser on the wall (bathroom 3-fold paper towel dispenser).-STYROFOAM- THE DEVIL OF THE PLANET.One star for the country store greeting gal.One star for the turkey.I'll be back for the turkey and a soda, skip the sides and bring my own sauce.
4	Rudy's is the among best.  We drive 40 minute to enjoy their brisket, ribs, pulled pork.  We love their service and their food. Real Texas BBQ as judged by a Jersey Girl!
4	I don't know much about Texas BBQ, but I am from the Southeast and I do know a little something about BBQ in general.  I love Rudy's BBQ.  The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because I haven't tried everything on the menu.  So far, the only thing I've had is the sausage sandwich, which I can't seem to get past, because it is so darn good.  My husband on the other hand, has tried several of their items and loves them all.  Besides, any place that serves sweet tea is alright on my list of places; I haven't had sweet tea this good since I left SC.  We currently live in East Chandler, not far from Joe's Real BBQ and I prefer Rudy's over them hands down.
4	Delicious tender juicy bbq at reasonable prices. Service is good. When I had a problem, the manager really took care of my family. The brisket is the smokiest I have ever eaten with a smoke ring that is incredible (if you are in to that). Don;t miss the brisket and pork ribs. They have sweet tea too! Happy camper here.
5	THE BEST BRISKET MOIST & CREAM CORN IN TOWN!! Hands down. I always comes back for more. The brisket just so delicate and they cut in the perfect size to munch down and the cream corn is just so delicious. They always have a long line during lunch on weekdays and always full during the weekend. I had try so many BBQ places in AZ but this is by far my favorite. YUMMY YUM YUM!!
4	I'm definitely a fan of Rudy's. Anytime I'm down in Chandler I make sure I stop by. The baby back ribs & the moist brisket are my favorites with sissy sause.
5	Great spot! Took the family there for lunch & the food was off the chain! The brisket moist is so tender & I've had turkey like theirs! Highly recommended...
3	We were in the area and decided that bbq sounded good, I pulled up yelp and found this place with good reviews.  The building itself is really fun and innovative, I loved the whole feel and atmosphere.  All of the employees were friendly and seemed to be enjoying their jobs, which is always nice to see.  I'm going to keep this short and simple.  Come here for the meat and skimp on the sides.  I liked that they were willing to give you samples of the meat so you could pick what you liked the best; we ended up with both lean and moist beef brisket and pork ribs.  For sides we got corn on the cob, coleslaw and baked beans.  The corn almost ruined the experience for me.  I saw the woman pull a corn on the cob on a stick out of some container and pour two laddles of melted butter over it....sick, but that wasn't even the worst part about it.  Once we sat down to eat I decided to start the meal off with the corn, I took one bite and thought it tasted really odd.  Visually you could see this wasn't fresh.  I had my fiance take a bite of it and he got a really disgusted look on his face, looked at the bottom of the corn and showed me a huge brown ring.  They served ROTTEN corn.  Ugh!  Thankfully the meat was delicious and saved this place from a 1 star review.  The beans and coleslaw were both decent but tasted store bought.
4	I've been to Rudy's in Austin TX before and wanted to try this place. This place is a lot nicer than the Austin one. When we first walked in they were very friendly, helpful and patient. You order your food by the pound and then find a picnic table and enjoy. We ordered the extra moist brisket with a half a loaf of white bread, baby back ribs, sweet corn and potato salad. The brisket was the best and nice juicy ribs. The meat doesn't come with any bbq sauce cause it's really good without the sauce I tried the sissy sauce and that was good with the brisket. Oh my gosh so good. The sweet corn is so good. I just love the BBQ here. I just wish they would open one in the north east area. Will I be back? You bet.
3	I'm torn on this one. I had tried Rudy's in NYC during the BBQ fest a few different times and remembered liking it, so I was stoked to learn they had a location outside of Austin. Some aspects of this place are fabulous, but some make me want to run away and never return. BF and I ordered food to take home from here after a trip to IKEA (we both needed a reward for surviving that place on a Sunday!). We ordered: 1 potato w/Moist Brisket, 1 side of stew, 1 pulled pork bbq sandwich, a side of beans, and one fountain drink. The way you order food is the same for here and to-go, kind of like Joe's Real BBQ in Gilbert (which, I'll just tell you right now, is FAR AND AWAY 100x better than this place overall). They even have the troughs of sodas and beers to choose from-I'm fairly certain the bottled Coke is of the Mexican variety, though as you'll learn in a moment, I did not opt for the bottled soda. If you're debating between bottle and fountain soda, GET THE BOTTLE!!!!!!!! I can. not. stress. this. enough.Why, you may ask, is it so vitally important that one not order a fountain soda? Well, my friends, Rudy's sadly does not filter their water. The ice cubes were revolting, which was my first clue-as I popped one in my mouth I was immediately repulsed, but for some reason I decided to chance it with the soda (which, duh, is made with the same non-filtered water + syrup). BAD IDEA. Grossest soda everrr. And I love fountain sodas! From places that actually filter their water, that is. I wish Phoenix water was better, maybe I'm just spoiled from my time in NYC where I could drink tap water with no weird taste, but BF agreed that the water was definitely funky. Sadly, this problem affects other aspects of the food, causing anything that was steamed by the water to have a weird taste (at least I'm guessing that's why). What's interesting is their sweet tea (which is unbelievably sweet, and is much more palatable when mixed with the unsweetened, conveniently located directly next to it) is delish. I'm chalking that up to the water being boiled first in order to make the tea. On to the food...my "moist brisket" was moist, as promised, but was comprised mostly of fat. I know I've had brisket that is both moist and not fatty before so maybe it was just a one-off. The potato didn't taste like a baked potato, probably because it's roasted and not baked, but it wasn't at all crispy skinned like I was hoping. I'll take the blame for that one. The pulled pork was moist and juicy and the sandwich bread was perfect for it. The beans, not so great-too runny and had a flavor I wasn't a fan of (can't put my finger on it, which I realize is not that helpful). The stew was the highlight by far-it's a pork stew with what I believe was green chilis and potatoes, and had a really unique and tasty flavor that had both me and the BF craving more. I recommend pairing it with corn chips! The prices were definitely great-we got out of there for under $20 for a ton of stuff! We also snagged some of the to-go sauces so we can experiment with the tangy bbq on other foods at home. The staff were friendly and definitely do a LOT of work-when you place your order at the counter, the cashier is the one who puts all of your food together, including assembling sandwiches! I would come back to try some of the other menu items, but if it's brisket I'm craving I'm heading to Joe's next time.
5	Originally I wanted to go to Speakeasy. I thought it would be a throwback to the 20's. Not even close to that BTW.On to Rudy's which is pretty much next door, and we made a fantastic choice.  I had the Moist Brisket and my Partner had the Turkey Sandwhich. They both were awesome. Paired with the Rudy Beans and a Peach Cobbler that was great. I wish they had Ice Cream for the Cobbler.  While we were there a family of five sat next to us and had a BBQ picnic style meal. The setting is cool with the table layouts. If you enjoy beer (never been one to tip it back) you will enjoy the large beer troff they have. I am a firm believer that the BBQ sauce makes or breaks a place and this was nothing short of Fantastic. They have a spicy and a "Sissy" flavor, both very enjoyable. We were offered samples and I had a very difficult time choosing since they were all very good tasting.
5	What can I really say about this place, but other than AMAAAAAAZIING!!! I don't think I want to go to any other BBQ place in the Valley now. Keep up the great work. Your employees are also a great representation of your restaurant.
5	Happy to see Rudy's opening a restaurant in AZ, visited the one in Albuquerque and this is so new and clean. Like the casual atmosphere with sitting on benches, butcher paper and checker table cloth. The prime rib is a big surprise on how good it is, have to order the moist brisket which is so tender, corn on the cob which they pour a ladle of butter on before they put it on your trey. The peach cobbler has to have it served with ice cream also. Overall experience will bring us back again
5	Even my burps taste smokey. I love that.
4	Brisket was delicious. It's a bit of a drive, but definitely worth it.  They have a great selection of different types of meats, sides and beverages (including beer!).  I haven't been disappointed yet!
5	We just love this place so much! Had another delicious bbq meal yesterday. We seem to have our favorites now. He always gets a huge brisket sandwich and the green chili stew, and I always get the half sausage, new potatoes, and cream of corn. *drool* Oh! We also just found out they give military discounts for active or retired!Service - excellent, food - wonderful, atmosphere - fun! This has become one of our favorite places.
3	It's been a few months since we were here, but yesterday we were hungry and nearby, so we dropped in again!  And something is different.Previously I gave them four stars.  They were very good.  Their rub was flavorful and their smoking was good.  This time I didn't taste the rub at all, nor the smoking.  Didn't see a smoke ring.  Nothing.  And this was on their brisket, which is one of my favorite things they do!!  What happened?The creamed corn and green chili were both still very good (and I usually hate creamed corn).  But the meats were not nearly as flavorful as they used to be.  Maybe a one-time aberration, or maybe a fundamental change.  Don't know which.  But the lack of consistency has to cost them a star.  If it weren't for the chili and corn, it would be two stars because the meats were very ordinary.  Nothing special.Whatever they changed they need to un-change or they'll end up in the pile of places I've been but won't go back to.  Which would be sad because I liked them before.
5	Rudy's is simple but good, really good. The sides are just as tasty as the smoked meats. The creamed corn is pretty much one of the best things around. You can pickup beer in buckets when ordering, which is a fun Texas style twist. I usually go with a Shiner which is pretty much a no brainer with bbq. Everyone eats on huge picnic tables with wax paper. They have a garaged off patio that would be great during the spring. The atmosphere makes you feel like you are on vacation out in the country. It's a great place.
2	Okay BBQ for Arizona, Mediocre for Everywhere ElseIt's receiving 4 stars due the dearth of BBQ joints in the Phoenix metro and people are so desperate for BBQ that this place gets rave reviews. Honestly, I think Honey Bears is far better. There are several flaws with this place. The pulled pork comes with NO BBQ sauce; yes it's served dry and mushy and you have to apply your own. I've never been to a BBQ place where the pulled pork is not served in sauce. The ribs are tiny and the meat does not fall off the bone; the meat is actually quite tough. For pork ribs, the meat is supposed to fall of the bone and be tender and succulent. The baked beans had no flavor. There is no chicken on the menu, only turkey.The sauce itself is underwhelming. They seem to be preoccupied with the idea that "heat" or spiciness makes for a better sauce. And that couldn't be further from the truth. We are talking about BBQ sauce not salsa. The best sauces have flavor not heat. Their "sissy" sauce was actually their better sauce. Their "original sauce" has too much crushed red pepper and almost has salsa like undertones.Finally, the fact that you don't get a container of sauce when you order take-out is bush league. They have these tiny packets of sauce that resemble tiny packets of butter or margarine at a diner.  Any respectable BBQ establishments gives you a container of sauce to go with your food. And unfortunately, you need more than a container since their food is pretty dry and devoid of sauce. Sorry but Phoenix deserves better.
5	OUCH....ohhhhhhhhhhh......I can't move.  I'm still digesting from a week ago...I swear!  This food is so good, that you canNOT stop eating. Your mind says "stop..." but your mouth just keeps devouring.I was in Texas for a few months a couple of years ago, and fell in love with the bbq there.  When we went to Rudy's it was like I was back in Houston.  The meats are AMAZING.  The brisket (moist) is well, moist.  The spicy meat is SO undernamed.  It is delectable.  The pulled pork is awesome, the sausage...wow.  They use a dry rub method...no sauce.  Sauces are available on the tables, but the meat is scrumptious without any sauce!  We ordered several and shared.  When you come for the first time, they will let you taste each meat...so you know what to order!Then there are the sides.  Awesome creamed corn, the beans are just perfect.  The potatoes and plain bread didn't thrill me, but no one is perfect.You eat on paper, which is easy to clean up...and you can either wash your hands in the trough or ....lick them off!  It's acceptable here!  Ya'll come in now, ya here?
4	It's been a while since I've flexed my review muscle but here goes...This place has some of the best bbq I have ever come across. The brisket and ribs were especially good. The ribs were so tender you didn't need teeth because they just melted in your mouth. We also had pulled pork, corn cobs, sausages, coleslaw and potato salad. All of those additional items were excellent but I still felt the ribs and brisket stood out. There are a couple of reasons this place won't get my fifth star; the noise level and the order process. If you've never eaten at this place before it can be a little confusing on how to order and where to get in line. Not to mention I dislike being rushed and in order for you to see the menu you have to get in line and getting in line is something people do when they are ready to order. I just thought it was a weird set up..Back to the noise level, I like to enjoy conversation with my food and when I don't enjoy the atmosphere I'm in I don't enjoy the food as much. The restaurant is set up with long picnic tables and you just sit anywhere. The tables are right next to the ordering line and the ice machines, etc,. So there is a lot of noise an activity right where you're eating. In conclusion the food is delicious, the price is right and the atmosphere is...acceptable. So, belly up to the trough!!
3	Don't kid yourselves...this isn't great BBQ.  It is good though.  The sauces are pretty bad.  That's OK with as I like to taste the meat and not an overwhelming sauce.  It's tacky in it's atmosphere but comfortable.  You could do worse for a casual lunch or cheap dinner.  If you're strictly in it for the BBQ though, I'd take a ride to the Texas BBQ House.
3	This place and atmosphere is def something new, and we love it.. The food is good-great, prices match that as well... I heard the Bfast burros were off the chain, will try those next time.
5	I am from Texas and I am sooooooooooo happy they opened a Rudy's here!  The brisket is mouth-watering and the beans and potato salad are delicious.  The employees will give you small tastes of any kind of meat you want and you can order by the pound, half pound, quarter pound, whatever.  And they will give you unlimited white bread to eat with your meat (unhealthy? heck yes, but it tastes so good and like comfort food).  I really want to go here right now....
5	I love BBQ and Rudy's - you have my number. Every single time I visit, the place is studded with men on their lunch breaks. I'm not complaining here, but this girl loves your food too! My favorite is your moist brisket done perfectly with crispy little ends. That and your ribs, smoked turkey, and chicken and I'm in heaven. Don't let me forget to mention that creamy corn you serve up with the meats. That is tummy-tickling goodness. The set-up here is super easy to navigate as you meander back and forth through the line past the bottled beverages - good beers and sodas to choose from. Step up to the counter and order your meats and sides and they hand it all to you in a wooden crate. You and your party may now sit wherever you darn well please - my son and I love to sit on the patio. Best BBQ in the Chandler/Tempe area so far!
5	have been dining here recently and this place is amazing the moist brisket is the way to go. also do not pass up the chocolate pudding on the way and its to die for. I just recently found out they have really cheap breakfast burritos which are also amazing this place rocks! Def try it out
5	have been dining here recently and this place is amazing the moist brisket is the way to go. also do not pass up the chocolate pudding on the way  to check out, its to die for. I just recently found out they have really cheap breakfast burritos which are also amazing they have tons of different flavors.this place rocks! Def try it out Also- they have loyalty cups, once you purchase a 2.00$ large you can bring it back and just pay the refill price! cant go wrong with sweet tea!They have good local beerAnd their loaded potatoes are a hidden gem on their menu it almost a meal in itself.
5	Got prime rib, turkey, and Brisket
4	Our first time going was  today and was blown away The turkey, brisket, and chicken were bursting with flavor and was still hot when we got to our table.  We were a bit overwhelmed at first by the menu, but the staff was quick to offer samples in order to expedite our order.  We will be back no doubt
1	Not a good place!  I got the 6 dollar brisket which ended up being 12.99!  Tons of fat and the inside wasn't nice. Kids running around with bbq sauce hands and sauce bottles on the table too big to hold.  Don't go here, go across the street to Can't Stop Smoking- they had great prices, great food and great employees.
5	One of my favorite restaurants OF ALL TIME!!! I would eat it everyday if I could!!! I ALWAYS order: moist brisket, potato salad and cream corn!! Sweet tea is good also...mmmm wish it was open - I would go right now!!
2	This place obviously caters to those who have never had really "legit" BBQ. The ok, it is average or just below average for bbq joints. The baby backs were tender and had good flavor but BBQ sauce is horrible. The corn on the cob was a soggy mess, it had to have been sitting in water for hours. The beans had decent flavor but I ordered a medium serving and got 95% juice with a extremely small portion of beans. The pulled pork was below average, and since the sauce is so poor, it couldn't help the pork. The peach cobbler was disgusting, it had a undercooked gooey dough crust!!!! Overall it is much too pricey for the quality of food. Save your money and make the trip to Mesa and hit up Waldos. Or if you want a chain BBQ place, Famous Dave's is a much better choice.
5	Texas BBQ. Yes, PLEASE!I'm a born and raised Texan, and Rudy's was my favorite BBQ quick stop when I lived there.  I missed good BBQ when I moved to Phoenix.Even though I live on the west side of town, we are always willing to drive 45 minutes to this location to get some create your own breakfast tacos from Rudy's.  We even purchase extra tacos to take home for breakfast the next morning :)The sandwiches and potato salad are also fantastic.  As a last reminder: don't skip out on dessert!
5	My family and I came upon this place when we moved to Arizona and we loved it ! Their meat is very lean ,perfectly smoked and full of flavor ! The only thing I wish they had was more variety of sauces to add to your sandwich .
5	BBQ is not generally a classy man's meal, and Rudy's does not look like a very classy joint, so I was skeptical walking into the place.  There are lots of picnic-table style seatings, some red and white checkerboard table cloths, and a trough full of bottles of beer and soda, surrounded by ice.We walked up to the counter to order, and from that second, it was a 5-star experience.  The girl at the counter was really friendly, and gave us samples since we had never been there before, so we could figure out what we wanted.  The cook/bbq'er/meat cutter behind the counter was having a good time, yelling back for help whenever people were waiting, and getting excited whenever someone new came in and wanted to try samples.The food was absolutely amazing.  I mean, don't get me wrong, it's BBQ, so don't expect exotic plating, but if you want delicious meat on a bun or baked potato, and want to walk away full and satisfied, this is the joint.  It was too hot when we went, but in nicer weather it looks like they open up all of the walls to the outside, which I'm sure makes the atmosphere that much better.  I can imagine returning when it's nicer out, grabbing a few brews, and killing an hour just sitting in the breeze and getting fat off of pulled pork.There was only one thing I didn't like about Rudy's, and that was the country music playing the entire time, but hey - if you like country music, then YEEEEE HAAAWW GOOD BUDDY go ahead and enjoy that, and even if you don't, it wasn't enough for me to knock a star off of the rating.
5	Love, love, love!  Have tried many menu items.  My favorite is the jalapeno sausage.  The breakfast tacos are awesome.  Staff is super friendly!  Great place
2	My bf had the ribs they was absolutely dreadful, really hard and wasn't even edible. I had the pulled pork it was so so. The bar was nicely stocked...I'm definitely not a fan of the place at all, if you like fold up chairs and lunch room like places I guess it could be nice? I'm from the real country east coast and this place was just way to uncomfortable for me to want to be at.
4	Was invited to eat here with a couple of friends today for lunch.  Parking lot was full (always a good sign).  I'm not a big BBQ eater and wont go somewhere like this of my own accord, but glad my friends chose this place, otherwise would have never of known what I was missing.  It smells amazing just walking in.  I ordered the sausage sandwich.  It was awesome.  Over stuffed with sausage, just the way I like it.  The brisket My friend ordered looked really moist and definitely what I am going to try the next time.  Yes I said I am going there again.  A drink and sandwich came out to exactly $7.00.  And it was filling.  If your a bbq fan, you'll love this place.  If your not a big bbq fan, like me, you will be surprised at how good it is.
5	It is such a treat to go to Rudy's! Casual atmosphere and delicious food. I had to laugh at the other reviews who did not appreciate the rustic charm of Rudy's. It is San Antonio BBQ, for Pete's sake!  The turkey is to die for as is the pulled pork. We love the creamed corn and were pleasantly surprised with the beans on our last visit. We have tasted everything on the menu and it is all great.  Be sure to take a container of the pork green chili stew 'to go' and have it with eggs the next morning. Yummy!
5	Texas BBQ. It gets no better then this. For those of you that have no idea what that means, I will tell you. Texas BBQ is all about the sauce. Yes you could enjoy the meat without any but its not going to have the kick in your pants taste or spice. Yes, its going to be spicy. Stop your whining. Thats TEXAS! The meat is slow cooked, smoked and is perfect. The "sause" is award winning so before you knock it remember, its taken home the gold from people that know their stuff.
5	Bar-B-Q does not get any better than this
5	awesome!  if you like bbq you must try this place!
5	Excellent Texas BBQ. Everyrhing I've had was outstanding. Brisket, sausage,chopped pork, ribs, potato salad, beans, all good.
4	Rudy's is a a bit of mixed bag. The Good... First off, I'm a fan because the food is real good. They also have a great selection. Lots of options and even some breakfast options. The different sauces are great. The Bad... I didn't give this place a higher rating and was a bit reluctant to give it 4 stars, because of the seating. When you go out, you expect more than folding tables and hard benches. No Beef ribs... I recommend getting take out from here.
4	Great prices, delicious options.Two sause options, both of which were really tasty.  The bottles on the other hand and the dispenser top were lame but it works.I liked the sample before you decide option.  You come in and if this is your first time they allow you to sample a few of the meats before you decide.  Great opportunity to taste before you order.So many great tasting meat options too.  I like the moist beef brisket which is well marbled.  Unfortunately sometimes it has more marbling (fat) that I would prefer.You get what you pay for here.  Meat is cut and weighed and charged accordingly.
4	Amazing smoked turkey, little disappointed at no cornbread, but everything else was awesome. Ask for samples :)
5	Stopped in to get take out. Staff is on the ball and very friendly, if it's your first time, don't worry they will guide you through it! Corey was very helpful and friendly, the service industry needs more like him! The pulled pork is amazing, I must say it is the best I have had! It does not even need BBQ sauce it is that flavorful and tender. The potato salad is excellent too, the potatoes almost have a smokey flavor! The restaurant has a great welcoming charm. Please open up more locations!
4	I tried Rudy's about a month ago with my boyfriend and my roommates. Now, I am not a huge BBQ fan, it's just never been my favorite, however, Rudy's was pretty delicious. The menu is simply placed on the wall with quite a few options, but not too many to make your decision impossible. You're able to try a sample before you order it if you would like as well. The pulled-pork sandwich I ordered was cooked to perfection and paired with some really buttery and delicious mashed potatoes ( btw, I am a mashed potato fiend). The staff is friendly and upbeat and their service is quite speedy. Rudy's would be  a five star for me if it weren't for the picnic benches. I am all for theming your restaurant, however picnic benches are, and always will be, my idea of a bad time. They aren't comfortable and it's also weird because they're connected, like in a cafeteria. If I wanted to sit next to random people, I would go to a sushi bar or something of the sort. I just wanted to sit with my friends and enjoy my meal without the person next to me honing in on my conversations. All together, though, I do think I will return to Rudy's for some fine pulled-pork.
4	This place is good.  The meat is a little too smokey for my liking, still delicious though. The regular sauce is pretty spicy. I had to go with the wussy sauce. (which you put your own on at the table) Moist brisket is the way to go. The ribs are good too. Cream corn and the peach cobbler aren't too shabby either.  Very authentic.
4	The first time I went here I loved it. I got the moist brisket and some other stuff. It was like a picnic out there. Loved the sauce on the table too.Second time I went I didn't like it as well. I think I got a more fatty cut and it was slightly cold.Not a big deal. I grew up with 3 siblings so you ate what you got and didn't complain! I'll be back!
5	ReDONKulous BBQ and atmosphere...all u could want in a traditional BBQ restaurant...worth the extra 30-40 min to get    There
5	While staying at a hotel across the street, I visited this place mainly out of proximity.  Turns out they cook up really, really good BBQ.  The meat was cooked just perfectly, the sausage delicious, and they give you plenty of sauce to take with you when you order take out.  A very easy, quick experience with take out and everyone here was super friendly.
3	Really nice place, their breakfast burritos are definitely not the greatest, so hit it up for dinner instead.
4	This place is a well oiled machine lined with fat people all over the place.  The food here is pretty good.  I'm all about the BBQ sauce.  It was good but nothing spectacular.  Great place to eat before you head to the airport.
4	Second time here. I ordered the moist brisket and some turkey. Both were very good and did not disappoint. I wish I could smoke turkey like this at my house. I will once again be leaving with a bottle of BBQ sauce.
1	Don't waste your time,  BBQ sauce is water with pepper sauce, Ribs have no smoke flavor at all and were not the fall off the bone type.. they had a bit of pull to them, Moist brisket was moist, but again, no smoke flavor, corn was mushy, baked beans taste like Campbell's with BBQ sauce added to them, potato salad is bland. I'll go to Tom's or Joe's until I come on to something better.
5	My daughter found this place and even though it is far from where I live I would come here over and over again. The moist brisket is the best I've had since New York City. You order at the counter and then you sit on huge picnic tables inside and outside it's fast it's delicious and I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	This place is super yummy. Who else offers smoked prime rib? If you have never been and if they ask; you get samples of the turkey, spicy beef, brisket, and pulled pork. All were very tasty. But none of the samples have the bbq sauce.  Eventually when you get at the table, you get the bbq sauce, its good. The "sissy" sause (yes they spell "sauce" it this way) is the spicy one. Oh yeah; its all a la carte, plastic wear, and no plates. I think want to eat this right now...
5	Best baby back ribs and beans I've ever had!  Meat falls off the bone - so tender.  The spicy chop is also very flavorful.  Can't wait to go back!
5	We stopped here not knowing what to expect - just looking to grab a quick bite. We got a lovely tour/how-to and then were helped by Britney.  She was amazing!! She helped us understand what would be best for each of us, and even let us try some samples.  The brisket was so good, and she was so nice, we bought some to take back to Orange County.The design is fun - cafeteria style and the layout allows for plenty of room, even at the self serve station (napkins, sauces, forks, fountain drinks).  The beer selection was great too - I had a Shiner Blonde I'd never tried before and loved it.I'll be back for sure as soon as possible.
5	I like barbecue, but I love this place. The brisket is the absolute star of the show.  Every time I go to Austin, TX I would hit up Rudy's barbecue. Now we have one in Chandler, AZ.  If you haven't had a chance go try this place - go!  It is not fancy, but the brisket is amazing.  I tried all the other items and they are good too.
5	You have to try this place if you are in the Phoenix area. The smoked turkey isawesome as well as all the meats they service, A great abundance of sides,serve beer and the customer service i have recieved has been outstanding
4	This is some tasty BBQ. I like the environment of the restaurant. I will continue to eat here when in the area. A good find. Try the moist brisket. 'Nuff said..
5	I love Rudy's and good TX BBQ and was missing it so dearly until now. Used to go here all the time when visiting friends and family in and around the Austin area. Just learned about this AZ location from one of my vendors at work and had to go check them out right away.Texas BBQ is so much different than what you get in KS, NC, or other areas of this great nation. The big secret is that most of the flavors in TX come from the dry rubs and the hardwood that they use to smoke the meat. You do not need super sweet sauces to cover up this treasure. They use Oak here and it has a stronger flavor profile than many of the other tamer woods used at other places.I'm a sucker for Brisket and always order some of the Moist cut. It has more fat and is my favorite. They also offer a Leaner cut for those watching their figure. The Jalapeno Sausage is also a special treat and you will surely see it on my plate. They also serve Pork, Ribs, Chicken, Turkey and several tasty sides to go with your meal. They even have Dessert.Everything here is counter service and you basically walk up and order the meats by the pound. They have all the free fixins that you may need in a large area off to the side. You do not see that much out here. Brings back that good old TX feeling of being back home.Don't forget to check out the really cool Country Store up front. They serve some very delicious Breakfast Tacos for less than two bucks during the morning rush. Get here early for lunch or at off times to avoid the large crowds. Small nap afterwards may be required. OH YEAH!5 STARS
4	Delicious BBQ!
5	Hands down, the best BBQ in the valley. I typically get the brisket (extra moist) with ribs and potato salad. Everything is fantastic! If you're looking for a first date place, this isn't it. You order food by the pound and they provide free bread to soak up all the yummy juices and sauces. Picnic table seating only so be sure to make friends with your neighbors.  If you don't like the heat, try the sissy sauce. Highly recommend Rudy's~
5	This place was recommended to me by a colleague from Albuquerque who is a real foodie. He said it is real BBQ and being from Ireland, this was something I had yet to really experience it turns out. As I approached the counter the guy behind asked if I had been there before, When I said I hadn't he proceeded to get me some samples of their yummified meats and holy crap did it provide a problem. It was all frickin delicious! I eventually decided to get some turkey, sausage and brisket ( I was very hungry and just out of the gym). I like the way they put the food in an old country store style plastic basket (the kind fruit and veg gets delivered to small shops in), and you pay by weight!I got my stuff pretty fast and sat down at one of their "feeding benches":). I grabbed some greaseproof paper to eat on and proceeded to stuff my face with the finest smoked meats i have ever eaten! The brisket was unreal, Turkey was better than anything I've ever had but the real winner here was the humble sausage! Whatever spices they use only compliments the obvious high quality meat used, a fact emphasised by the way the sausage is cut and presented, sliced lengthways in half so nothing nasty can hide! All of this was accompanied by the fittingly unreal BBQ sauce which comes in regular and sissy sauce! Both are equally good and I'll be taking a bottle back to good ole Eire with me! After I finished I dumped my trash and washed my hand at the huge trough on the wall. No fuss or bs here, order, enjoy, clean up and leave!The whole experience left me wanting more and excited at the prospect of my next two weeks getting in here as much as possible! I really enjoy the simplicity of the whole thing: smoked meats which are as close to a butchers counter as you can get, pay by weight, complimentary slices of bread with spicy chop w/sauuuuuse, and eating with my hands ( optional, they do provide plastic cutlery)! Note, not for anyone who is looking for a fancy sit down meal or doesn't like real honest food! I've been here a number of times since and I have tried most of the stuff on the menu and never been disappointed. Also everyone behind the counter seems to be the same level of very friendly, no bad experiences here!5 stars only because there isn't anymore!!
5	Went here for lunch yesterday for the first time and I love this place!! the Brisket is out of this world. they give you samples to taste so you know what your getting before you order!! over all a great time!!!
5	Awesome BBQ. The cream corn is an absolute must. We were new timers and the staff took time to welcome us & explain how to order. We were furnished samples of everything hot. It all was excellent but decided on the pulled pork which was hot, juicy, well seasoned & smoked just right.  We certainly will return.
4	I don't like BBQ and didn't want to go here, but I was out voted by my husband and two sons. I threw a fit!.. skip to a while later and I was enjoying their ribs and smoked turkey :) The meats here are really really delicious! The sides however didn't sound very appealing, so we just ordered the meat to go. It's not fine dining, I guess you're supposed to have that BBQ picnic experience, cuz they only have plastic utensils, wrap your meat in paper, and the only seating are picnic tables..  which is why I talked the boys into getting our meat to-go. Once we got home, we ate the meats with our own sides. My favorites were the sausage, baby back ribs, and the smoked turkey. I thought the brisket was too smoky, but my husband (who is from TX) loved it.It's worth mentioning that the area is older, but the restaurant is a new building... which is a plus in comparison to the BBQ place across the street that has been a million different restaurants and seems old/dirty. They have a store right when you walk in with some nostalgic Texas candy I remember my Texas grandmother eating when I was a kid. They have a jalapeno, etc. condiment bar (that's a plus in my book) *We just ordered and left, so I can't attest to the cleanliness of the restrooms or the 'dining' area.
5	Great food and service! The staff was phenomenal, and the food was amazing! We hadn't been in a long time so we took a while to order, but the staff let us take our time and kept offering us samples. The food was also delicious, definitely recommend the cream corn. If you are looking for great barbecue with great service this is the place to go!
2	Nowhere near as good as Can't Stop Smokin', which is next door.I have only been once and have never been back.The pulled pork sandwich was awful, I don't know what sauce they use but it tastes terrible.  The sides weren't very good either and they gave me sandwich bread instead of a BBQ bun.Also, only bottled drinks?  I don't get it.Go next door instead.
5	I've had the privilege of eating at the original Rudy's in Leon Springs, TX - when it really was a country store and gas station that served bbq. It's not the best BBQ in Texas but if you're like me and you're 1000 miles away from home, this is damn good Texas BBQ in AZ.I've hit the place a few times since moving here from Houston in August. It's always consistent and delicious.
2	Maybe I am not a Texas BBQ fan.The brisket was fairly well cooked but the crust was charred and bitter.Turkey sample was moist.The pork samples were very fatty and the pulled pork is very vinegar laden.Potato salad was decent and standard.3 bean salad had a vinegar and sugar taste but not much else.Corn was  typical, over-cooked steam table fare.The meats were prepared fairly well but the over-powering hickory (I assume) flavor and charred exterior made for a bitter after taste that stayed with me and my wife.The sides were an after thought as with most places.
2	If you like real Down Home BBQ, good ole Southern Flare then this is NOT the place for you. I got so Mad thinking I hit the Jackpot in good ole country boy BBQ   The Brisket was tough the Ribs were fatty  the Sauce taste like BBQ/Spaghetti sauce. If you go here and never ever ever had good real BBQ then you might just like it...  If you are above the Mason Dixon Line... then you might like it....
5	I had the chance to visit Rudy's on a few occasions while visiting San Antonio so I was excited when I heard they opened an AZ location.   My only wish is that it was closer to my home.   My recommendation is to try a little bit of everything.  Brisket, turkey, sausage, and ribs for the main dishes and the creamed corn is a must have for a side dish.
5	This is my favorite rudys I have been to this one and the one in Albuquerque and my husband has been to the one in san Antonio also and this is also his favorite one.We can't drive past this place even when were not hungry we find our self pulling in and grabbing food whenever were driving thru the area, thank goodness we live in Tucson or we would be spending all our money here ;)Yes it is that good!!!! They also do military discount which is a great bonus and we love to support those companies that support us.Don't drive by go here you won't regret it
5	I love that this place gives you free samples, because I would have never ordered the creamed corn otherwise.. And man was that stuff the bombschizzle!  I can't wait to go back and get more! We also had the lean brisket, spicy chopped brisket, and beans.. and it was absolutely deeelicious!  We finished our perfect meal with the largest softest rice crispy treats.. Yummy! Now it's food-coma time!
5	My new favorite spot! I love the experience and the BBQ is top notch!!!
5	This is phenomenal barbeque--done in true TX style.  The scents make your mouth water as soon as you walk in.  EVERYTHING on the menu is TOP NOTCH.  We are particular fans of the pulled pork and smoked turkey--could eat those every day three times a day!  The sauces are delicious and not overpowering; tangy, but not doused in sugar or corn syrup like so many other places.  And the prices are great--we ate to the bursting point (2 people) for $22 (no drinks).  Plus, as you walk in / walk out, you have the opportunity to avail yourself of a huge array of BLUE BELL ICE CREAM TREATS!  How can it get any better than this???  This is going to be our new "go-to" spot whenever we get a BBQ hankering!
5	Ordered a smoked Ham for Christmas this year and it was yummy.  Wish there was one on the West side of Phx!  hint hint!
3	Rudy's is definitely a solid choice to curb those BBQ cravings and while they don't serve up the greatest BBQ I've ever tasted, they definitely get the job done here (and then some).  What really eats the cake here is how they treat new customers.  If it's your first time, they give you the deluxe treatment with a generous assortment of samples.This is why every time I go here, it's in fact my first time eating here.Anyway, I've sampled the majority of their meats and this is without a doubt my favorite combo:Chopped sausage sandwich + cutter's choice brisket + raw onions + new potatoes (throw on some of that butter) + peppers + bbq sauce = I'd rather be Helen Keller than lose my sense of taste.
4	LOVE this place! I work pretty close, so I go for lunch with some teammates every once in a while. Tasty BBQ for good prices. Friendly service and fun environment, too! Definitely recommend.
2	Good BBQ but not great. Why doesit taste different than the Rudy's in Texas?  This place is still ok.  If they could find someone to fix their problem, I would come back regularly.  Hope that they find someone that knows how to BBQ.
5	This review is regarding customer service:I was planning on having them cater a family gathering, they were really great about follow up, super easy to communicate with, and very polite even after we decided to not have them cater(only because we decided not to have ANYONE cater- the guest of honor requested a different type of cuisine).
4	Very good bar-b-que at Rudy's. My favorite is the breakfast tacos, which are less than $2 each and made fresh every morning.The dinner food is very good as well, specifically the pulled pork and brisket. The only thing holding the 5th star back is the pricing. The a la carte style of ordering makes it very easy to end up with a large bill. If you don't mind that, though, it's a solid meal!
5	The breakfast tacos are the only thing I've had hear, but if everything else is just as good, then wow! They are delicious and a great deal!
5	If you like BBQ, you will enjoy this. I went for the first time Wednesday, had the baked potato with the moist brisket, corn on the cob, cole slaw sweet tea and bread. I tried teh lean brisket and turkey too and I have to say, I was totally impressed. The atmosphere is very country, prolly not a date place, but definitely an amazing family place with great food!!!
5	I love Rudy's. I work nearby and take my referral partners here often for lunch and have never heard anything but raving reviews. The moist brisket is the best!
5	I was sooo happy when they put a Rudy's in Phoenix. Move here 10 years ago from Texas and could not find good BBQ in the state. A bit of a drive but, well worth the trip. The manager said more Rudy's BBQ restaurants will open in the valley soon. Hopping for some the close. Too hot during the Phoenix summer to grille outside during the day.
5	Best BBQ in and out of TX. Brisket and cream corn are the best things on the menu and, when available, the Prime Rib is awesome. For us it's worth the 90 min drive.
5	Brisket with burnt ends, best in town. Smoke and BBQ is amazing. Nothing else needed....
4	This was one of our favorite BBQ joints in Austin, tx and our last meal before moving to San Diego.  I was thrilled to find out they opened one in Phoenix when I was there this week!  The moist brisket was the best I've ever had (and I'm not usually a fan of brisket!). The baby back ribs were ok, but the brisket more than made up for it!  Yum!
5	Best BBQ in Arizona. Highly recommend lean brisket, all breakfast tacos, and all sides. Chili is great if you like spice. Potato salad and creamed corn are always a must. Cobbler is great!
1	Food wasn't too savory.  The service, however was great.  They don't offer spicy sauce options.  Too me the food was sort of bland.
4	Pretty good, basic selection, no plate combos. A little pricy with sides, min $2.00 each. Overall pleasant meal of beef brisket sandwich, ample meat serving. Will try again.
5	Rudy's came up on Yelp as one of the highest great places to eat close to our hotel. I'm picky about my BBQ and it wasn't the best I've ever had but certainly some of the best BBQ I've had. The brisket moist was fabulous and their BBQ sauce is outstanding. Great atmosphere and the guy who waited on us was far and beyond the nicest person I've ever encountered at any eating establishment. He was so genuine and made sure we got just exactly what we wanted. I wish I remembered his name. I'd eat at Rudy's again and again.
4	I have driven by Rudy's many a times in the past few months and finally decided to give it a try last night. We met some friends here for a going away party and everyone around the table loved the food. The line on a weekend night is long, but well worth the wait. It is very much a family style, no plates, eat with your fingers type of experience so plan accordingly. I decided on the pulled pork sandwich and a side of potato salad. The pulled pork was delicious. Served without BBQ sauce so you can add your own. The pulled pork was moist and tender and could have definitely been eaten without BBQ sauce if that's your thing, it's definitely not mine, the more sauce the better. They have two sauce choices. Rudy's original BBQ sauce or Rudy's Sissy Sauce. I of course went for the original seeking some spice and it did not disappoint. It was delicious! The potato salad was just okay, not great, not bad. The pulled pork sandwich with loads of sauce was delicious. This girl didn't mind getting her hands dirty for some good BBQ!Overall good experience. I will be back for more. From what I hear they have amazing BBQ breakfast tacos which sound different and delicious. I will be back to try those.
4	What a lucky find! Brisket, ribs, pulled pork - all sold by the half pound. Decided to try it because the reviews looked good and it was convenient to our hotel. The line out the door and down the sidewalk was the first clue we discovered a great place. So happy when we got inside only to discover the line then snaked through the room like a Disneyland ride. Tell them what you want and they give it all to you in a big tub and you go find yourself a seat. Crazy place and oh, SO good! Can't go wrong with the moist brisket, pulled pork, ribs or creamed corn!
4	Best BBQ I've had? No...but holy cow, is it darn close. The brisket was awesomely tender and moist while the pulled pork was also full of smokey flavor. I wish I had the chance to try the ribs, but my friend and I could only eat so much. We also split a pint of the green chili stew...now THAT was a memorable winner. Super good...I even converted my half of the pulled pork sandwich into a sloppy joe-esque sandwich by piling the stew inside. That was heaven on earth especially after a 13 hour roadtrip!The original sauce is more spicy and the sissy sauce is more sweet. Stick with the original. Rudy's also has this cool trough like storage of their bottled sodas. Grab a bucket and some ice and stick your drinks right in - pretty novel idea.
5	Bring the family for some good country BBQ and great food.  The creamed corn is to die for!
3	Play starts off with great ambience as you rollup to order your food. Prices are cheap especially considering this is BBQ.  I had the brisket which is one of the more popular items on the menu.  So onto ratings, I give this restaurant three stars based purely on taste of the brisket.
5	My brother and I were getting our dogs fixed in the morning, so we decided to actually get some breakfast for once.  We Yelped some places nearby (well we are from Mesa, and the clinic was in Chandler) to find a good place to eat without it being of fast food quality.  Now, first of all, a bbq place open for breakfast?  I never actually heard of anything like that.  So we just had to try it (the positive reviews drew us in too).When we walked in, it was pretty dead (Around 10:15 in the morning) and we got greeted and instantly and the waitress asked if this was our first time.  Well it was, so she told us how to order and what we could get.  The cashier gave us a paper with what we could get on the breakfast tacos.  The whole list was quite impressive (with a price for each amount of ingredient of course)  We first got 1 taco each, came to a little under $5 just to see how it was.  My first impression was wow!  I seen so much brisket, sausage and bacon, it was such a meaty mess ( in a good way too).  I had egg in it too, and just the right amount, not very overbearing.  The bbq sauces they offered made it even better.  What a great breakfast taco honestly.  Brisket, bacon, sausage, cheese, egg and bbq sauce.. What a combo!  Know I really want to try some dinner over there.The only negative is that it's quite a trip for us just to get breakfast, we were lucky to be in that part of town to try this place.  If they do get one in Mesa or Gilbert, We're over there instantly
4	Delicious BBQ! Anything from cole slaw to beans is so tasty. Old school picnic benches and tables for insides seating. The signs they have on the wall will remind you of a different time when gas was 19 cents a gallon. If you are coming here during the weekday for lunch come before the rush as the lines are out the door! But well worth the wait.
5	I absolutely love this place! The service was amazing. They asked if we had ever been there before. It was our first time they brought out good size samples of tons of bbq!  I got the pulled pork sandwich, it was so yum! I added regular sauce on it. My kids got the turkey it was the best turkey I've ever tasted! The atmosphere is awesome!  Just a really great place all around! I highly recommend this place and if I could give more stars I would! My all time favorite place to eat hands down!!!!!
5	I first discovered Rudy's back in 2006 when I was working in Texas.  Great BBQ at a gas station?!?!?!   Sign me up!!  I can multi-task.  Well, the location in Chandler doesn't have a gas station, which is fine with me.  I love the employees here.  They put up with all kinds of nonsense from oblivious customers and are always friendly and upbeat.  What it does have is some delicious smoked meat.  And very cold beers.  I think there are some sides, but I can't remember them because we go full-on carnivore when we eat there.  I swung in today during my least favorite time of day, the noon hour, but I was in the area, so I thought I'd get some brisket and sausage to go with some delicious smoked gouda I have at home.The line was almost to the door, which is to be expected, but then I realized that near the front was a group of almost a dozen people, all together, clogging up the works.  My version of this morning's meeting:"Where should we have lunch?"11 voices chime in "RUDY'S!!!!"  1 voice squeaks out, "Whataburger.""OK.  Rudy's it is.  Should we have them cater?""NO!!!""Should we call ahead?"  "NO!!!""Should we look at the menu ahead of time and figure out our orders so only one or two people are at the register?""HELL NO!!""Should we all go up to the register together, order separately, take all the time in the world, and clog the works up for everybody else?""YES!!!  Screw those assholes!"I think some of that jagoffery I experienced in Nebraska followed me home.There was some evidence of jagoffery in the parking lot too with a gray pickup and small trailer for a solar panel business taking up FOUR spots during the lunch hour.  Could have done with two.  Nope.  I'm taking four.  Jagoff.
5	Great place! Great food! Great Service! We stop everytime we are out in Chandler! We need one in Surprise!!!!
4	I loove Rudy's. It is a staple food item in my South Texas town. I was so happy to find out there was a Rudy's in AZ. It's also super close to IKEA (5 min drive), which is the reason I go to PHX 95% of the time. The quality is just as good as the Texan counterpart. The lean brisket is flavorful and the chicken is juicy. You almost don't need the sauce but it's so delicious so why not?! My favorite: a 1:1 mixture of both of their sauces. Trust. All food orders are given with all you can eat white bread. You can also request wheat, for the bbq amateurs out there. White bread is part of the experience people!Highly recommend this little piece of Texas in Arizona.
5	Friendly service that carries over the Texas charm; clean bathrooms, open seating options, a small bar off to the side, and delicious food!
3	Great atmosphere, friendly & helpful staff. Brisket was tender....not much smoke flavor and not a fan of the pepper rub or the sauce or beans. Tea was great.
4	My husband and I were driving by and decided to stop in for some quick dinner, we didn't know what to expect.   When it was our turn to order we told the cashier we had never eaten here before and she grabbed us some samples and we were very impressed and even changed our minds on a couple items. This was a great selling feature!   We purchased the Moist Brisket, Turkey, Jalapeno Sausage, Pulled Pork, Creamed Corn, Potato Salad & Cole Slaw...everything was very good! And of course we had left overs. The total price was affordable and we will definitely return again! I suggest you give it a try!
4	Driving from TX to NM with hubby and our pup Lou.  We got hungry but could not find a place to eat since we have a doggy in the car and we could not leave him alone in there. Came across Rudy's along I10 then decided to give it a try. It is not a fast food chain so we pulled in. My hubby ran in to get food while I stayed in the car with Lou. He came back with beef brisket, 2 kinds of sauces, slaw, sweet cherry pepper and 2 coca cola.  We sat in the car and ate our lunch. It was really good! The meat was sold by the pound. I had a sandwich with warm toasted buns. Hubby had just meat since he can not eat bread. The meat was lean, tender, and flavorful! The sauces, original and sissy, were nice compliments. Slaw was home made and yummy. I didnot know Rudy's is also in Chandler, Az. We will surely visit it there once we get back.
2	Texas people will rave about Ruby's, so I thought I give it a go. Initially my expectations got crosschecked when I saw the long tables and the folding chairs, when I expected more like a smokehouse feel to my Friday dinner. But shame to those who doesn't try. It is like a whimsical diner, you grab everything yourself and then you stand in line to see your cashier and chat with him regarding what you possibly could want. You order it all by weight and in our order was baby back ribs, pulled pork and the lean brisket. (The reason for the lean, is that the one they call moist - I call fatty.)Baby back ribs. No, I was far from impressed. Yes, they were OK but not all that meaty and I actually make better ones in my smoker. Also, I have serious doubt that these were baby backs.Pulled pork.Was OK, but nothing spectacular. Very basic. Brisket.Quite nice actually. But not nice enough to just come here for the brisket.Sides. I know it was made on the premises, but it all tasted prefab - I was not impressed.Nor was i impressed by this do it yourself and eat like an animal kind of place. I can see myself taking foreigners here as a novelty, but as for quality of food and pleasing experience this will not be my choice of place. For kids I can see the lawlessness of playing with your food without silverware and without plates (yes, wax paper straight onto the picnic table) but as an adult I find this not entertaining and just cater to those who wants to rebel against civilization. I find this place highly overrated!
5	Oh my goodness...you want real BBQ?! This is your place. Any time the BBQ conversation starts, I ask if they've been to Rudy's because they are worth every bite. Half lean, half moist and some beans on the side baby and I'm ready to chow down.
4	Good overall BBQ place. A chain restaurant that i have been to in Texas and NM. they have a wide variety of meats and sides. The best thing there is the moist brisket, gotta get it. Spicy sauce is tasty as wellMeat is sold by weight and the give you a bunch of bread with your meat.Family picnic style with large table that's everyone shares.
2	Not the most amazing place... BBQ was below average... Atmosphere was very reminiscent of a soup kitchen.
5	Best brisket tri tip in town. Love the setup, love the bread and sauce..my favorite!
4	Our family eats at Rudys at least once a week. Their breakfast tacos (which they serve every day from 7-10 AM) are a great way to start the day! You can special order them at the counter if you have a little more time (which is what we do because I am not especially fond of the egg inside) or you can buy them pre made. Their brisket, bacon and cheese or turkey bacon and cheese tacos are the best... yes, I said turkey! You can get a great low calorie turkey taco for breakfast with lots of protein!  Their meats are so amazing you will not even need the bbq sauce!  Not to mention their green chili stew! And I can't even count the times I have purchased their sausage and turkey to take home to drop into my home made jambalaya! The only reason I did not give Rudys a full 5 stars is because while their meats are so delicious,  we are not crazy about their bbq sauce. But don't let this deter you. This place is well worth a try!
3	I have gone back and forth with this review because I wanted to make it as honest as I can with a review people can find helpful.. The people working there are really nice and helpful. My gf got a turkey sandwich and I got a pulled pork. Both were very good meals and worth the price. Drinks were a bit pricy and the only side we got was corn on cob. The corn of cob wasn't very good at all. It was mushy and way over cooked. We did ask for butter and she put a ton of butter which didn't help the corn at all. I would give the sandwiches a 4.5 on the stars but the pricing on the drinks and corn of cob 1 star which I believe would take it to 3 stars
5	OK - I am a fan of Rudy's.  I was originally introduced to Rudy's in Albuquerque.  Whenever I go to Phoenix...and it is lunch time...and I have the time - I eat at Rudy's. (I keep a jug of Rudy's BBQ sauce in my refrigerator at home)Probably some of the best moist Brisket there is on the planet!  Very casual restaurant and pretty decent prices.  Never had anything bad.This is a must if you are in the area!!  You won't be disappointed.
4	After a long fun (but rough) night out, I dragged my feet in hoping for some comfort food and I found just that.Cold beer, Brisket, sausage, ribs and cream corn. I was in heaven.Their Rudy's hot sauce had me at first lick.It was one of my "Thank God I'm not a vegan" moment.
4	Rudys, oh Rudys.....how for art thou Rudys. So glad Rudys is here. Used to go to Rudys in Albuquerque when I lived in Santa Fe. Moist Brisket, sliced, on a piece of white bread, topped with sissy sause and jalapenos and pickles. Is there anything better? I say Nay!Not that there isn't any other good bbq places in town, there are plenty, but, this is a pulled pork city. And, I am a sliced brisket man. One knock on Rudys is that you have to eat-in, the taste and texture of the meat changes dramatically when travelling, even a short distance. Had Rudys for an event at work and it wasn't quite the same, good, but not great like when you eat at the store. Still.....there is no denying that when it comes to barbecue, Rudys is the one for me.Oh yeah, and the banana pudding with the nilla cookies, oh yeah!
5	I had my daughters graduation party on the patio at Rudy's. Huge props to Mitch and crew, the night was wonderful! The food was amazing, everyone was raving about it! The cream corn and brisket is a MUST, pulled pork is amazing, you really can't go wrong with anything. BTW Mariana was NOT grumpy!
2	We picked this place over the BBQ place next door because it had better reviews. Let me first say to warn everyone.....they do not have mac-n-cheese. Yes...I kid you not....this a BBQ restaurant without Mac n cheese. Not a good start. Anyway, I'll get this over with quick. Pulled pork was good, the BBQ sauces were terrible. Pork ribs were very chewy and just disappointing. Ugh why can't I find a good BBQ joint near my home!
5	I was really happy to see Rudy's expand to Phoenix.  I discovered Rudy's at their original location in a converted gas station in San Antonio.  The Chandler location does a great job of upholding the Texas tradition.  My favorites are the moist brisket and regular sausage.  Both very tasty.  Rudy's is a pretty large place but because the food is so good the lines get pretty long during lunch or dinner so come early.  They cut up the meat at the counter to your order and wrap it to go or serve it on butcher paper.  Certainly one of the best BBQ stops in Phoenix.
5	Soo good!! I would recommend their loaded potato with the moist brisket! Yumm! Also their breakfast tacos are a decent cheap grab for the morning. Their baby back ribs have a little kick, but are so delish! And if you are looking for a dessert, their banana pudding cups are just the right amount of sweetness to satisfy a sweet tooth
5	Oh.My.Gawd.  Amazing. Food gets 5 stars only because that's the highest number. The best bbq sandwich I've ever eaten.  The Chopped Sauce.  It's brisket, pulled like pulled pork, and mixed with Rudy's signature sauce, served on a lightly toasted fresh bun. All I added was a little mayo and I was in food heaven. What this place lacks in ambiance is made up for by the food. Lots of noisy brats, my pet peeve in any restaurant setting, but get the food to go.  Can't rave enough on the wonderful tender meats in this place. Go. Just get in the car, start it up, and go. Now.
5	I love love love this place!  I usually order their spare ribs and their lean brisket when I go.  They try to push their moist brisket, but it is a fattier cut of meat.  Trust me..... the lean brisket is plenty moist!  The spare ribs are a decent size, but you won't get much bang for your buck since you order by the 1/4 pound.  Usually 1 pound of ribs is about 6 ribs.  The meat is smoked to perfection.  I have also tried the moist briket (good, but fatty), the baby back ribs (also good), and the pulled pork which was also very good.  I get their Sissy Sauce for my ribs and brisket.  It is wonderful.  It has just the right amount of heat for me.  They also have a spicier sauce, but I haven't braved it.  As for their sides, the only one I have tried and really liked was their green chile stew.  It has a great flavor.  It seems to get hotter with every bite.  Usually by the time I finish my small cup, my mouth is on fire and my nose is running.  Worth it though, since the flavor is so good.  This place is my favorite BBQ spot in the valley.
3	As a previous yelper stated, I will agree that this place is overrated. The cafeteria style ordering is I guess okay, but getting ur food in a milk crate and then eating off a piece of paper was not appealing. We ordered the turkey, baby back ribs, corn on the cob, and the store bought coleslaw and potato salad. I will say the smoked turkey was delicious, and just full of flavor. The baby back ribs, eh.. The corn on the cob wasn't that good either, kinda tasted like it's been sitting on the cooler then brought back out and re-boiled. Would I return, most likely not given the fact that there are other places through out the valley to try. The price was decent, figure that u will spend about 12-15 a person, you order by the half pound and grab your store bought sides from the cooler. Well if you decide to visit, stick with the turkey cuz the meats arent that good, Well in my opinion.
4	One of the better BBQ joints I've found in Phoenix so far--notably better than Joe's Real BBQ, which I'm a big fan of.  All of their meats are quality cuts smoked nicely.  I can't stop ordering the spicy chop!
5	I'm not a big fan of BBQ, but it's Father's Day and my dad went to the Texas location on a job, so he was excited to see there was one in here. We went and I was very impressed!! It was great!! BBQ sauce is typically to sweet for me and the meat is often over cooked. But NOT here!! It was amazing!!! I'll come again when I'm in town next and highly recommend everyone give it a try.
4	Took the family and had their lean brisket and their turkey for lunch today. I really liked both, but the turkey was really great!
4	Back at Rudy's again for some more BBQ. Better customer service this visit and a good helping of turkey ordered to go at $6.29 per 1/2 pound. No frills, no bread taken and no sauce taken either. If you look at the ingredients in all of Rudy's sauces, they are a mess of preservatives and weird stuff that does not belong in good BBQ sauce. You really don't need sauce and if you get it to to go, you go use your own choice at home. Creamed corn was decent, but much better version at Texas BBQ house.
5	Really can't say anything negative about his place. The process is really fast with your order prepared and delivered to you while you're paying at the counter. Then you grub on paper sheets and wrap it all up and throw away. This makes for more attention of the staff working on getting you some fine tasting BBQ very quick. Loved the green chili stew!! Will definitely be back and recommend.
4	We went to Rudy's when our Seattle friend came back and told us about this Texas BBQ place.  After a quick car ride and nearly an hour-wait standing in line, we had ourselves some delicious BBQ!The line during dinner time is ridiculously crazy but it moved at a pretty fast pace.  Long dining tables and plenty of seats made the fear of having to stand and eat non-existent.  I ordered 1/2lb of moist brisket with a potato salad side and banana pudding for dessert.  Yum!  That brisket was pure fatty goodness and I probably should've ordered it lean but hey.  No regrets!  Barbequed meat done right doesn't need sauce but I found myself making a tiny brisket sandwich with the bread and some BBQ sauce.  The potato salad was good but nothing to write home about.  I also got to steal some of my friend's three-bean salad which seemed like it would have helped cut through the fat better than my creamy potato salad.  I love chick peas!  The banana pudding made me want to dance though.  It was the perfect ending to such a rich meal.  I was a happy happy girl.While I'm no BBQ expert, I enjoyed my dinner at Rudy's and I'd definitely stop by again!
5	The moist brisket here is truly the best in the valley,  hands down.   My friend from out of state had been telling me about this place for years,  so when they finally opened up the Chandler location I was totally stoked.   On my first visit,  we were a little disappointed with the no plates thing,  but once we dug into the food,  we forgot about that quick.   The potato salad is one of the better sides, and their beans are great too. The brisket (sold by the 1/2 pound) has a smokiness that permeates your senses and makes you want to eat the entire portion by yourself! But don't be selfish,  sharing a little with your dining companion will give you shared stories of BBQ excellence for years to come. And if you happen to have friends the live where there are no Rudy's and keep frothing at the mouth every time you even mention the name,  remind them they will ship brisket anywhere in the USA. And remember the breakfast tacos! Brisket with egg and cheese wrapped up in a flour tortilla... Man oh man are they good. Just get there before 9am on the weekends,  otherwise you may miss out.
5	There's no place more American nor Texan than Rudy's BBQ. It has such great character and is an excellent place to bring a group of friends or family. Besides the long line (which is only indicative of the deliciousness of this establishment's food), the service is friendly, the brisket is to die for (if you don't get the brisket, you are making a mistake), the Rudy's sauce is sublime, and the price is just right. Highly recommended for any time of the day!
4	I'd go back to this place. We stopped in on a whim to find a place to eat while driving down Chandler Blvd. We turned the corner onto the side street and had choice of 2 BBQ places there as another place just next door. So happened we turned left and not right into rudys. Never being there caught us off guard as we didn't know the proceedure on the operation of the joint. Watching we caught on winding up to the counter to order we passed many bottle drinks in ice and a refer with sides. In line we made it to the order desk and got our beef or pork order. It doesn't say much about what one orders but it is by the 1/2 lb. or the sandwich. The food was good and  after the cleanup easy as they have a novel wash up sink for those with hands sticky with BBQ sauce. The 2 of us spend $20 with no drinks. We drink water when out as so much profit is in soda drink which are bad for one anyway. I don't like drinking candybars.
4	Finally a good BBQ spot in the west valley. Prices are pretty decent and the food is awesome. When you place your order they pull the meat out of the smoker and slice it right in front of you. The smoked potatoes with meat is my personal favorite. The only negative to the whole place is the wait. Line can get a little long, but it's worth it. Oh, and don't forget to tell them it's your first time. They will let you sample the turkey and brisket to see if you like them.
5	I am from Chicago and very impressed with the food. Your corn soaked in butter was heaven!!
5	Rudy's originated in Austin, TX and having been in Texas for the past 14 years, it has become one of my staples. Moving to AZ only a few months ago, I was beyond surprised and excited to know that there is a Rudy's nearby. Can't beat it. Born and raised in the South, I've craved good southern BBQ since I've moved here and we hit up Rudy's every time we are in the Valley.
5	Lawd have mercy.  When I moved from NM it I was having BBQ fits as I could not find the smokey goodness I was accustomed to with the 2 Rudy's available to me in Albuquerque.   The quest seemed endless and futile for bbq through the Valley until I found Texas BBQ house (24th St and Rosear).  They are so close for me in many ways (distance and flavor) they help quell that gnawing in the pit of my being for quality Texas style BBQ.  But on one of my last visits they did not have the cobbler or the smoked baked potatoes (so close!).  I split my time between the 2 joints.  If I find myself in the SE valley I stop at Rudy's.  If I need some smoked baked potatoes for my famous smoked baked potato salad I go to Rudy's.   Otherwise it is a toss up.  But I have been willing to make the trek just to get my Rudy's fix. Other Rudy's musts:-I usually get  a bit of moist and a bit of cutter's choice which is often lean.  -I find the regular smoked sausage to be better than the jalapeno one.  -Their smoked turkey is the best ever.  The chicken is just ok relatively.  [Both make great chicken enchiladas.]-Pork Ribs are better than the Baby Backs IMHO- Try the baked potato loaded with meat at least once.  Great to share or have as 1 filling or 2 (maybe 3 meals relative to your appetite) - Favorite sides:  Creamed corn, green chile stew and 3 bean salad
5	Great BBQ, do-it-yourself service, always leave satisfied and overly full. I've probably had better brisket, but am no expert, the turkey sandwich is top notch, buttered buns is a nice touch. A surprisingly good craft beer selection in ice buckets you snake past as you wait in line (Goose Island, San Tan, 4 Peaks etc). Service is bizarrely great-you only deal with employees at the counter, but they're extremely helpful and pleasant. Extra slices of bread, napkins, every condiment you can imagine are on the central table, and love the slop sink outside the bathroom so you can wash up & rinse BBQ sauce off as many times as you want without venturing into the loo. Rudy's BBQ sauce is the kicker, a little more spice than smoke, in my spice-loving opinion a great complement to the food & a nice souvenir to take home (Sissy sauce available for sissies). The typical BBQ cabin atmosphere, even a little more folksy than most BBQ places, but that adds to the no-nonsense charm. Will be back once my appetite recovers from this visit.
3	After much hype from co-workers, I stopped by for a mid-week dinner. First off, the vibe as soon as you walk in it that of a lunch joint.  It basically looks like a cafeteria.  You shuffle through line and select drinks and sides from the cooler on your way to the counter. Once there, you order and food comes up pretty fast.  The food is served on wax paper, and there are no plates.  Also, no silverware, just plastic utensils. This may be a traditional way to serve BBQ, but when it comes time to cut your brisket, an actual plate and silverware would be nice.  I ended up getting more than one bite with wax paper stuck to the bottom of the brisket.I ordered the Jalapeno sausage, lean brisket, and corn on the cob.  The sausage was excellent, but again difficult to cut with a plastic knife.  I should have ordered the moist brisket, because the lean brisket was very dry.  The corn was over-cooked and over-buttered.  They have a couple BBQ sauces, neither of which were anything to write home about.  They don't sell corn bread... that's right, no corn bread!  Overall I was not impressed with the food at all.Service was friendly, and they clear your table when they see empty plates... sorry empty wax papers.  Prices are reasonable.  Rudy's seems like a good spot for lunch BBQ, but don't expect excellence here.
5	Hands down the best bbq ever a real juggernaut in this BBQ game staff great food even better cant wait to go back highly recommend this place
1	Been there twice... the food is disgusting. Literally tastes like the McDonald's of BBQ. I will never go back.
5	The absolute best BBQ in PHOENIX.! Prices are reasonable for BBQ. Recommend the moist brisket. It falls apart in your for and is so tender. Great babysat ribs. Ask to sample the meats. Everything we tasted was amazing.
2	Was not impressed.  I had the brisket and it was very, very tough.  It had a good taste but you couldn't chew it and I wasn't going to swallow it whole.  Not impressed.  Maybe other parts of the country have better quality meats, but this place was awful.
2	Maybe I've had too much good BBQ in the Carolina's, Memphis, Texas and Kansas that makes me biased. Picked up a pound of their "Moist Brisket" to take home and pair with my own sides. The brisket was average at best.I have dined in twice at this location because it's very close to where I live and I have high hopes. The price is not commensurate to a restaurant where, you stand in line to order your food, get served in plastic baskets with butcher paper, eat with plasticware and when all done, clean up after yourself.Yes I have been to original places where that is how it's done and I don't mind at all. As long as the food is outstanding and not mediocre. This Rudy's franchise location has mediocre food at best.If you want to taste REAL BBQ try Little Miss BBQ on University. Mind you if you don't get there early enough they may be sold out. And you might have to wait quite awhile in line but for the same money or less in most cases you will be rewarded with OUTSTANDING BBQ. And you will never to be able to be a enjoy a place like Rudy's again.
5	The quintessential Texas experience that will amplify those nagging feelings you've had about why you never relocated to Austin.  I dare you to find me better BBQ at this price point anywhere in this vast Valley.
5	This is some of the best Bar-B-Q in town. Now I realize that Texas, Kansas and Memphis are known for Bar-B-Q but we are not there. We are in Arizona where Carne Asada is king. So I for one am glad to have awesome Bar-B-Que  in Arizona without making it myself. The Brisket is amazing and I am usually not a fan of this cut of beef. The Ribs were equally amazing as was the sauce. Nice job Rudy's for filling in the gap that has been missing in this town.
5	As much as I hate chain restaurants, this place is amazing. This is without question one of the best places to get barbecue in the valley.The food is amazing. The brisket is moist and barbecued to perfection. The pulled pork it's not stringy and dried out. The sausages, forget about it. This place is amazing. On top of all of that, you have the atmosphere. Proper customer service will make a restaurant go a long ways.  I have never been treated poorly or rudely there. I recommend Rudy's to anyone who is asking for a good place to have barbecue. Of course that is if they can't make it to my place. ;-)
5	This place is amazing...everything is good, especially the green chile stew. Gonna be back every time I'm in AZ.
3	I recieved a suggestion to visit  this place.  At first I didn't realize it was a chain, but now that I do, I still would visit again if I visit the airport, otherwise it's a long  drive.The staff was friendly and joked with you when you came in. The food was ok.  I love the real smoke flavor, but couldn't get over the slight lighter fluid flavor that came through in the meat.  My buddy agreed, but all in all it was decent barbeque for a city lacking in any specific genre of food beyond Mexican.I bought some texas beer and went home, happy tummy.
5	Went here with my brother and I must for my first time going here the food was really good We ordered the moist pork turkey and ribs the prices were reasonable the place was busy The banana pudding is really good too The total bill for both was around 28 dollars not bad for good foodI will go back for more in the future
5	Had lunch at Rudy's today and everything was delicious. Our party had the pulled pork, brisket, baby back ribs, spicy chop and the green chili stew and everyone loved their selections. We had two little ones with us (3 and 1) and they could be loud and they didn't stand out. We will definitely be back!
1	I've been to Rudy's several times in the past year or so, and I've decided today will be the last time because this place really is nothing more than the Applebee's of BBQ. The food is mass produced garbage. The sides just aren't very good; they taste like they've been shipped from a warehouse. Normally, the brisket is good but rarely is it ever spectacular. The past four times, it's been especially bad.  Today the "moist" brisket was so dry that it is nearly inedible. It's texture was more like over-cooked roast beef than it was BBQ. I had to drown it in sauce to give it any kind of moisture. Most Texans will tell you that if brisket is done right you don't need any sauce. The meat should speak for itself, and today, the meat said, "You really should eat elsewhere." And then, there's the pulled pork... It's just horrible. It's really a shame that they try to pass that off as BBQ. You would get laughed out of North Carolina with pulled pork like that.
5	Yum yum yum. We stop every time we drive up from Tucson.  Mild sausage, pulled pork,& brisket. Very good.
5	Rudy's is the best barbecue in the state of Arizona. If you happen to venture to this fantastic eatery... I would suggest to pick up the chomp breakfast taco and accompany it with a side of potato salad and a delicious cream soda from the beverage trough....Just do it, you will not be sorry! They serve breakfast tacos daily from open till 10 am and you're able to add in items if you get there before 10, if you're after 10 because you slept in, it's still okay because they have the breakfast tacos ready to go in a heater right by the cash register, it will always be a perfect moment for you.
5	They made me like beef brisket. Not just like, but savor it, love it! That alone earned them four stars. The fifth star is because of their PHENOMENALLY friendly service. From before I even walked in they were helpful in holding the door for me (Tip: once you walk in, walk straight to the back of the store to order if you are dining in). They gave me the full run down of the place and how to order. I had a half dozen free samples, and eventually ordered the spicy chopped beef sandwich, .5lb of burnt ends (lean brisket with the INCREDIBLY good crispy bits on the end. Not on the menu, but they took care of me), a medium Dr. Pepper, and a side of Rudy's beans. They use Holsum brand bread and offer unlimited white or wheat bread. The total was $17 and change.The sandwich was the best BBQ sandwich I've ever had. It's hard to explain in writing how incredible it was. First, there was a lot of it. Second, it set off every flavor receptor in my mouth without overwhelming them. By that I mean it wasn't too spicy, and I believe it's flavored so anyone could enjoy it no matter what their taste preferences. It needed no toppings or sauces.I started out this review talking about the brisket for a reason. Incredible as the spicy chopped pork sandwich was, the lean burnt ends were better. They tore apart perfectly, had almost zero fat, and the fat they did have HELPED rather than hurt the meat by adding an extra punch of flavor without being greasy or chunky. They were moist enough to not need sauce though they did offer two types which I didn't try. I didn't want to spoil the perfection.The beans I didn't like. I tried two bites, then threw them out. I was expecting something more like Bush's baked beans.The bean issue aside, my experience here was incredible and I will most certainly be back.
5	Everytime we drive in from Tucson, we stop here! It's so good! Large portions! The sides are all tasty! We've never had a bad experience coming to Rudy's. Plus it's nice to get a cute little BlueBell ice cream in our way out for dessert. Did I mention how tasty their bbq sauce is?... It's so yummy!!!Oh ya, and I love the large clean up sink for after!
4	This place is kind of set up cafeteria style. Walk in and hop in line. Grab a drink from one of the large ice coolers or get a cup for fountain drinks at the register. Crab a cold item from the refrigerator and then order at the counter. They were super nice when we said we were newbies! We were given three or four types of meat to sample. Brisket is great! I ended of with the spicy chop. Bf ordered pulled pork. His usual. Spicy chop is delicious! It's already sauced up and obviously a little spicy! Get it on a bun or eat it by itself. Either way, it's amazing. Throw some of their yummy pickles on top (from the toppings bar) and your set! Most amazing potato salad I have had! Sadly the beans were not my favorite. I LOVE BBQ style country baked beans. These were lacking flavor....I think? I just recall not liking them. Cole slaw was just fine. Not amazing. Just fine.
4	What is there not to LOVE about this Texas BBQ.  First off, it is not misleading as it feels like a country store from when you first walk in.  One of the best things about this place are the bbq smokers right behind the registers.  You can watch them pull out the meats and cut it right there.   Then they serve it by the 1/2lb. And will serve your BBQ on top of butcher paper.  No fancy plates or bells and whistles.  They know their BBQ will speak for itself. Seating is almost picnic style as there are just different picnic tables and chairs through out.  Service is always outstanding and prices are more than reasonable.  Definitely recommend coming here if your in the area and even worth the drive if your not.  Also if they haven't sold out of Prime Rib definitely get some as it's one of the best around!!
4	Ordered baby backs, spare ribs, sausages, and briskets (both lean and fatty ones). If you are a fan of brisket, I would highly recommend this place. Both lean and fatty were great. I prefer fatty ones. Much juicer and tasty for obvious reasons... Both ribs were great too. I prefer this place over Can't Stop and Joe's BBQ. If you are thinking about ordering those spicy sausages, you can just skip them. Little too dry for me. Get regular one- they are much better.
3	We chose Rudys because of the reviews but it won't be a place we will come back to.The prime rib was dry as was the brisket and the ribs were 4 little ones so you had to get 2 orders just to get any real meat off them.  The coleslaw was plain and when they offer you complimentary bread it comes from a loaf from the bag.  Way too expensive for what you.  They should either bake some basic bread or have someone bring in some from a bakery.  I will say it's very clean, organized the staff guy who helped us was super nice and helpful!
5	Awesome barbecue! This place is very crowed during peak hours and the atmosphere is Texas styling with personality and flare. It's kinda far from my area but it was worth the long trip. Hope they open more in Arizona like northern area's. I suggest trying a little of everything.
5	A taste of home!  This was a staple back in Round Rock, TX and it's something we've missed since living in AZ.  I could hardly believe my eyes!  Its nestled conveniently across from a Whataburger, so it's almost like Little Texas!  So it's not got the charm of a convenience store/gas station like the ones I'm used to, and okay, there's no giant Rudy's "Sause" dispenser, but I very quickly got over that. (But can they maybe do something about those slow dispensing bottles at the table?!)The long cooler had plenty ice cold Shiner Bock, so that scored some points right off the bat.  Service was super friendly, even if a bit slow (quality takes time, I had to remind myself), and though most of the same quality exists, there's just one thing keeping me from giving 5 stars: chewy brisket.  The flavor is there but it's just missing on texture.  Turkey and sausage were right on.I was pleased with my favorites, new potatoes and creamed corn.  The beans looked and smelled reeeally good, but I personally didn't try any.  I know I'll be going back here, getting my fix and taking a little flavor trip back home.
5	I enjoyed everything about this place.  I have been to BBQ places before with the 'grab a tray and load up' technique before, but for some reason this one was cooler than most.  I got a side of their green chili stew - and it's just something I could probably eat every day.  For meats I got the moist brisket and jalapeno hot link - both were on point.  Their house sauce was perfectly spicy and the service was friendly and quick.  So far - this is my favorite BBQ in Arizona!  It doesn't suck that it's not all that far from work either - so I'll be back sooner than later.  I didn't spend any time in the country store, but I will probably be purchasing some of their sauce next time I go!
5	This place is great! I feel like I'm at home and the BBQ is amazing! My favorite is the moist brisket! Must try if you like home style bbq
4	OK, time to update my review because this place has grown on me. I still wish that they would use plates (even paper plates would do) instead of doing the whole butcher paper thing just because they are trying to be cute. Regardless, they have some pretty tasty barbeque and a decent beer selection. They are so close to our house my husband and I stop by every once in a while and have not been disappointed with the food (even though I do still prefer Andrew's). My favorite is the lean brisket with their spicy bbq sauce. I really wish they had cornbread but their baby potatoes make a pretty good side dish.Last summer my hubby's nephew held his graduation dinner here. I was wishing that he would have chosen someplace a little nicer but it actually worked out great because everyone could order what they wanted without fights over the check at the end of the night. The manager reserved the private room for us even though we were only a group of about 25 so we could have easily sat in the main restaurant. But it was nice to have the privacy. They even let us bring in an ice cream cake and kept it in the freezer for us until after the meal. Everyone who works here is pretty friendly but the service that night was above and beyond so I had to give them 4 stars for that.
4	Good BBQ.. The jalapenos are rad, too..
5	My wife and I have been eating at Rudys for many years starting in New Braunfels Texas. Every store has a slightly different assortment of meats. In every Texas Rudys the Prime Rib was sold out by early lunch. So it was a great surprise when we were able to buy 1 and 1/2 pounds of outstanding medium rare Prime Rib. I can honestly say I have eaten Prime Rib at least 300 times and this would be in my top 5 ever. Afterwards we bought  another pound to take home.In addition we had the moist brisket and the pork loin. Both of which were outstanding. Easily puts all AZ BBQ to shame.As a note to the confused people out there... Lean Brisket means no fat and you want your brisket DRY! So stop complaining your LEAN DRY brisket is dry. You ordered it that way. Moist means extra fat and deliciousness. Otherwise normal is a mix of both.
2	Went to Rudy's Saturday night and was really disappointed.  Ordered baby backs at 7:30 and they only had 4.  Said it would be 30 MINUTES before they had more.  Really, out of ribs at 7:30 on a Saturday night.  Might have been a blessing in disguise as they were TOUGH and minimal meat...did order 2 pork ribs and they were pretty good.  Otherwise, very disappointed in the food....
4	There's no waiters; instead, you wait in line to order at what's basically a deli counter. Let 'em know that it's your first time and they'll give you some samples of everything. The brisket, pulled pork and chicken were tender and delicious. The pulled pork was good even without any "sause" on it. Which was a good thing because I wasn't a fan of the "sause". Nothing wrong with it; just not to my liking. (It was too tangy and sweet whereas I prefer smokey and spicy.)I also greatly enjoyed finding some coleslaw that didn't taste like fingernail polish. (I'm looking at you almost every store bought coleslaw ever).Even though the decor is horribly kitsch, I loved the feeling of being at a family BBQ. Could really use some paper or plastic plates though. For the price, quality and quantity I think it's a "smokin" deal.
5	Turkey and moist brisket are amazing. This was about 35 miles from my house and I will be back for sure.
5	I love Rudy's. Even though I'm not a big bbq fan. Their moist brisket is amazing. But i gotta say their cream corn is my absolute favorite!
5	Best BBQ in the Valley (Joes in Gilbert a close 2nd). Can't find brisket like this except in Texas.
5	My new favorite place to eat in AZ. The peach cobbler just tops it off!
5	Pulled pork is to die for. Excellent brisket and wonderful smoked turkey. Great mess hall atmosphere and the price is right!
2	We used to be regulars at Rudy's - probably once every week or two for almost a year.  Unfortunately, the quality and consistency has dropped pretty badly these past 2 months.  The brisket will range from awesome (ie full of flavor, moist) to extremely bland and dry.  The ribs are generally cooked well, but the spice rub will range from a nice even taste to having the rub so thick that you can scrape off a few tablespoons from just 4 ribs.  During our last trip, we heard some customers saying that they also noticed the inconsistency, and they said it was because the more senior (and better) BBQ pit masters have started working at their new location on the West side of town.We also noticed that their business is starting to hurt in the evenings... used to have long lines Friday/Saturday nights, now it's a piece of cake getting your food.I hope management is reading this, and take this to heart.  My family very much enjoyed Rudy's when they actually cared about what they served - but now we've been forced to find other go-to places (Little Miss Barbecue is by far the best, but unfortunately they are not open in the evenings).
4	In the area for a soccer tournament. This place was within walking distance. Read about the breakfast burritos and decided to take a walk and gamble $2.00. Decided to try the Breakfast burritos/tacos.... Pretty good for $1.95each, salsa for them was pretty bland tasting-no heat.
3	Sadly, we give it a 3. We finally went, with high hopes, but were sorely disappointed. I had a hankerin for some pulled pork. Thank goodness they give samples for first timers.  I couldn't get past a second bite. Just not the traditional type. Now, maybe that's part of the draw for most folks, but we sure didn't like the tangy sauce at all. Place was packed though, so clearly we're an exception. Maybe because we're used to the real stuff in Texas and Oklahoma. We have no idea how this place was popular in Texas. But, the place is just adorable and the staff is just wonderful. Liked the long picnic table style seating and it's nice that they have a separate area with smaller families. Great for large groups as long as they like the food. The turkey was pretty good as long as I didn't use any sauce. Probably won't be back. FYI, the bbq place next door is the Applebee's of bbq and a one star place... Unless you love Applebee's... :-)
1	I stopped off to have some food on my way to PHX airport to pick up my wife, who was flying in to visit me.  I was hungry, so I pulled into Rudy's for dinner.I ordered the ribs.  The cashier asked me if I wanted Potatoes.  I asked if they were boiled.  She said "yes," so I said "no thanks."  I didn't notice, but she charged me for them anyway.  She put my ribs onto my tray, took my money and I went to a table to eat.As I looked at my receipt, I saw that she charged me for the Potatoes, but she didn't give them to me.  I looked and saw this particular cashier serving a family of 5 people.  I needed to get going to pick up my wife on time, so I decided I didn't have the time to fight the line to ask for a refund.  I let them keep the money.Wouldn't be so bad, except that my ribs were the most rubbery ribs I can recall eating.  Chewy like an old tire.  Not that flavorful, either.  Yuk!I won't be back.
5	I've eaten at the Rudy's in TX and this place brought back some good memories. We had the brisket and the jalepeno sausages. Everything was delicious! I can't wait to go back and try more of what they offer. They have TV's set up so you can watch the game too.
5	As long as they are the only people in the valley that make barbecue breakfast tacos, this will be my first choice for breakfast. Open 7 days a week, serving breakfast 7-10 am, with grab-and-go tacos at the front & a friendly staff in back ready to make any custom combination you want, it is well worth the drive out to Chandler to check this place out!
4	Some of the best BBQ I've had (other than my trip to Texas). I love the Cutter's Choice and Moist Brisket. The loaded potato with chopped meat is killer (on your diet as well if you're on one).All the staff is friendly and attentive. Overall great BBQ if you're looking for it, just make sure you're not counting calories when you come to this place, it'll absolutely destroy your diet haha.
5	I first had Rudy's in San Antonio, Texas while visiting my husband.  It was the best barbeque I had ever had.  When they opened up the one in Chandler, my husband and I were overjoyed.  We stop by every time we go through Chandler.  We live in Tucson, so it is a treat for us.  And it is right off of I-10.  The people there are very courteous.  They are also extremely helpful.  The place is always clean, and they work really fast.  I am never dissatisfied when we visit.  It isn't as interactive as the San Antonio ones, but it works for the people out here.  I love it...My husband loves the moist brisket and beans.  I love the spicy chop.  My kids love the chicken.  And, my brother said the ribs are awesome.  We always grab some Rudy's sauce to bring home with us.  We don't get the sissy sauce like people we know.  A plus is that the sauce doesn't kill my stomach like most barbeque sauces.
3	The Applebees  of BBQ, everything is just ok, you won't be disappointed nor will you have your mind blown. If you are looking for that kind of experience with BBQ. Head over to Little Miss BBQ. You can thank me later.
5	Drove here from Cali since Texas is too far... Totally worth it... I want to swim in their creamed corn.
2	I've been going to Rudy's since they opened, and at first they were pretty good, really they were. And I've been a regular customer, going at least 2-3 times a month. And sure I know that you can't always expect total 100% perfection on a regular basis, but they've been pretty consistent just the same. Though lately the quality hasn't been quite as good at all, in fact it's darn noticeable. Tough, dry brisket, fatty ribs and sometimes either dry or actually under cooked turkey.Also I'm going to have to agree with several other fellow Yelpers that I have also noticed a bit of that "Lighter Fluid" after taste.Another problem that I've always had is with their sides & sauces. Just read the ingredients on the coleslaw and BBQ sauces, totally loaded with preservatives and who knows what else, icky.They have opened another location in Goodyear, so I think that they took their 'A' team with them over there and have tried filling the gaps in Chandler with complete rookies that are not only poorly trained but downright dumb.  Case in point I recently tried ordering a "few ounces" of different meats only to be asked if that was "More or less than a 1/2 pound?"... Are you kidding me? So despite the fact that they're open 7 days, have a large menu, a great selection of bottled beers, plenty of parking and seating, I just don't think that I'll be going back, sorry Rudy's.  :(
1	Ehhhh, defiantly not competition worthy BBQ.  They have 2 mediocre BBQ sauces on each table.  Both list Corn Sugar(high fructose corn syrup) as an ingredient.  Unfortunately they use bar speed pourers as tops and of the 3 tables I tried, all were clogged.  I ended up just pulling the top off to finally get to the disappointing sauce sealed inside.  I wonder what other terrible industrial ingredients their meals hide.  Bland BBQ sauce did a poor job covering up their far from fresh day old meat.  Hint: fresh quality ingredients prepared with respect and care = good food.  Never going back.  Dirty restaraunt, bored staff, and bathrooms to match.
5	Drove in from Los Angeles for my Powerlifting meet and checked into our hotel, and went straight to eat here because of the Yelp reviews... Spot was Fast, Fresh, and Had amazingly Yummy food"Brisket Moist--Turkey-- and Sausage!Definitely going back!!!!
3	Wife and son  took me here for my birthday.  We were excited based on the reviews but were let down.  It wasn't bad but it wasn't great either...kind of mediocre in our book.  We had the moist brisket, baby back ribs, and jalepeno sausage, along with small beans, cream corn, potato salad, baked potato, and finally a little cobbler.  Standouts were the cream corn, baked potato, and cobbler.  We'd give the ribs 4 of 5, but the brisket, sausage, beans, and potato salad were just okay.  Brisket tasted of artificial smoke that was over powering.  The jalepeno sausage was good but no jalepeno flavor and no spice.  The beans and potato salad were just blah.  Neat environment and friendly service.  Try Joe's in Gilbert or Allison's in Mesa...they are both sooooooooo much better than Rudy's.
3	Alright, based on BBQ I wasn't impressed.  Yes the ribs were tender and the brisket was juicy but for me it's all about the BBQ sauce.  The sauces were a bit too peppery flavored and bitter, unlike my Favorite at Famous Dave's which is the Sweet & Sassy.  Only thing I really enjoyed were the breakfast tacos which come in a variety of meats and flavors.  Not a BBQ joint I'd be returning to anytime soon but love the concept.
5	Excellent for real bbq. Never finish it all every time we go. Great food and portions.
2	I took a group of 10 to Rudy's at 6:00 on Saturday night. While it was a bit crowded, they were easily able to accommodate our party and allowed us to be seated in the private room. The atmosphere was essentially a knock off of some places I have been in Texas, as was the food. On entering the line passes by 2 big tubs filled with ice and beer and pop. The assortment of beers that are mostly from Texas was very interesting to find. The cold salads are in a fridge to your left, but with no signage telling you that you have to pick one up there if you wish to eat on the premises.Next was the main counter. For those who have never eaten Texas style BBQ, you order by the partial or full pound and it is placed on butcher paper on your tray (or in this case crate). I ordered an assortment of meats including the moist brisket, sausage, ribs, and prime rib. I also got the cole slaw, creamed corn, and for dessert, peach cobbler. I opted to skip the bottled drinks and buy a cup to fill at the soda dispenser which is a lot cheaper.Upon finding my seat, I found there were two sauces for those who prefer their meat that way, along with some hot sauce. There is also a condiment bar where you can get your silverware(plastic) as well as jalapeno's and packets of everything from mustard to horseradish sauce.The brisket was extremely moist and easily cut with plastic implements. I felt is could have used a bit more seasoning as it usually is in Texas. Next I sampled the sausage. I felt it could have used more spice in it, and ended up having to put mustard on it to be able to eat it comfortably. Unfortunately, the ribs were very tough, and after a number of tries to bite through them I finally abandoned them to the trash can. Last of the meats was the prime rib. A very nice piece of almost medium rare beef, lightly smoked. While the beef was very nice, once again the lack of seasoning caused me to downgrade the experience.The coleslaw was nothing special, as it was chopped in a buffalo chopper, but my money is on the creamed corn. What a winner! The brisket with the creamed corn could have easily been my entire meal. In retrospect, I wish I had purchased a quart of the creamed corn to bring home it was that good.Last was the peach cobbler. The cup I was given was almost all pastry, with just a little peach sauce on it. Nowhere did I ever get a bite of a peach. This was a total waste of money.Other members of our group ordered the potato filled with pulled pork. The portion was very large, but once again, the meat was lacking in flavor. On the negative side, about 7:30 the place filled with smoke so bad that our eyes were watering. Apparently, they put out the fire pits at that time, and the lack of ventilation makes it a real problem. BBQ is not a cheap meal. While what I ordered was larger than the average person might order, it still was over $45. Quite a high amount for the quality of food that was received. It should also be noted that they serve breakfast tacos which are said to be quite good. In my next review of them.2 Stars for uniqueness and cleanliness.
4	Tried this place out for the first time the other night. It is not a "sit-down" restaurant, but a counter service establishment. They serve all meats either by weight or in sandwich form. We did not realized that when we made our initial decision to dine there, but serving by weight is actually pretty useful. It allows for a variety of items to be ordered. You are not tied down to a full meal of just one type of meat. They offer a variety of options such as chicken, pork, beef, turkey, sausage, and even prime rib (although they seem to sell out of the prime rib quickly). Both my fiance and I tried the spicy chopped brisket. Very, very good. I believe that it is their only beef option that is already soaked in BBQ sauce. They serve most, if not all of their meats plain, and allow you to add the BBQ sauce at the table. The spicy chopped brisket was very tender and moist and had a great flavor. We really only had two major complaints. 1. Only two choices of BBQ sauce 2. Very limited side dish options. No mac & cheese, no mashed potatoes. Unless you like beans, coleslaw, or corn on the cob you are pretty much out of luck. We did try the red potatoes but they were far from stellar. Just boiled red potatoes cubes in a pool of butter. No seasoning. Overall the main dish was great, but I would pass on the side dishes next time.   I will definitely be back to try out some of their other meats.
5	Rudys always comes through when you need a great BBQ fix. Everything is awesome but the Turkey leaves all other BBQ places in the coals.
4	I agree with the positive reviews of this good barbeque joint. Fast, efficient, casual, nicely priced and very good and authentic Texas beef brisket. I opted for the "moist" brisket and It was some of the best brisket I've enjoyed. Sauce selections on the picnic-style tables made adding the quality of sauce - or no sauce - totally up to me. Nice friendly service was also a plus. The only down side is that they, like most bbq places, do not serve green salads or low-card sides.
4	For some no-frills, tasty bbq look no further. Their menu is simple and they stick to the basics. Meats are available by the half pound, and include 4 slices of bread for a 1/2 pound order. Sides include coleslaw, potato salad, creamed corn, green chile stew, new potatoes, and corn on the cob (Just to name a few!). I liked that they had different options for your brisket. Usually at bbq places I go to it is typically the "lean" brisket you get, but here at Rudy's you can decide between "moist" (AKA fatty) brisket, lean brisket, and "Chef's choice" brisket (I'd imagine this to be the leftover bits of what is carved, since it's cheaper than the other options). As this was our first time here, the cashier gave us a sample of the lean brisket and the turkey. Both were very flavorful and moist. I'd definitely get either meat in the future. As for my actual meal, I opted for the moist brisket with a side of green chile stew. The order was made quickly.After you pay, there is a station for condiments that include various peppers, onions, pickles, and packets of sauces (Ketchup, mustard, horseradish). There are also straws and napkins here. The soda fountain is stocked with Coke products, and they also offer sweet and unsweetened tea.Seating is self serve, and we found a cozy little wooden table stocked with various hot sauces, a "sissy" sauce, and a regular bbq sauce. The regular bbq sauce had a nice vinegary tang, with a slight kick of spice. The "sissy" sauce to me tasted very similar, except not as hot spice-wise. The moist brisket was indeed very moist, with unctuous veins of fat running through the meat. I could taste a deep smoky flavor too. The green chile stew was excellent. It was served piping hot, with a superb savory, spicy flavor. Overall, a nice place to go for some good bbq. I'll definitely be coming here again to try more of their bbq meats!
5	If you mention that is your first time, they pull fresh meat of the grill.  We stopped here because Brazilian bull was closed due to non payment of rent. we still wanted to eat meat. ..as we were driving around,  yelp told us of this nearby location.  The staff was friendly,  explained all the different choices for us,  and was very casual.  We will be coming back again!
4	Yeaaaa! Yummmm!This Texas girl does enjoy brisket and BBQ sauce, so I am super happy that there's a Rudy's in the Phoenix area.There's often a line when you go in, but use the time to get familiar with the menu. You can order half pound portions of meat, pick up sides in the fridge by the counter, and grab a beer or other bottled beverage (soda, water, etc.) while standing in line.Personally, I like getting a brisket sandwich. I usually skip sides since they're just OK and the brisket is more than enough to fill me up. Prices are very reasonable for what you get. The brisket isn't too fatty, the buns are fresh, and the smoky flavor of delicious goodness is awesome.I like picking up jalapenos and onions before pouring BBQ sauce over my sandwich. If you don't like spicy BBQ sauce, use the sissy version. Regular has a nice little kick if that's what you're into.Overall, super good. Give Rudy's a go!
