4	Love this place! I was super happy to see that a Boiled seafood joint finally decided to open up in town (love the ones all over Southern California). The Angry Crab didn't disappoint with their super fresh seafood and awesome service. We will be back for a boil and brew when they get their alcohol license in December!
4	My first post, but I just had to write a review of this restaurant, although I know the more good reviews it gets, the longer the waiting time will be.  I'm glad we now have a seafood joint similar to Boiling Crab in AZ! It was a wonderful experience eating here. We loved the nice print of the disposable table sheet. We also loved the shrimp and blue crab.  When we dined there, they were having a special: buy 1 lb of blue crab, get half lb free. We got the trifecta sauce which is a glorious mix of Cajun seasoning, lemon pepper and garlic butter sauces. You have to shake the bag because the Cajun is a tad too salty, and if you don't mix the sauces, it just sits on top of the shellfish and would not taste good. I loved the garlic butter sauce sitting under all that crustacean goodness.For those who don't eat seafood, they also have chicken tenders; perfect for kids.Overall experience was super! We will be back for more.
1	To be brief: my wife, brothers, sisters, family and friends will NOT be coming back to this little shop of seafood horror. What happend? You are asking. Maybe he's new to this? I am not. I've eaten at many seafood and cajun places. I will keep this brief as i can. i need to literally throw up my disappointing meal. We were there around 730 tonight. To start the waitress messed up some of our orders. When she tried to explain the correction it was done so in a confusing manner. When we asked about a clarifocation or when we repeated what we heard he say it was met with an attitude. Fast forward to the meal. I ordered the shrimp and a lobster. The shrimp was old and grainy/mushy. The meat was not as plump as it should have been. The shell was difficult to remove from some of the shrimp. NOW the effing HORROR. The Lobster. When I cracked into the first claw I was greeted with a little over 1/4 of a cup of juicesnpourong out of the claw. The meat in the claw is suppose to be plump. This was not. This one looked like an eldery persons wrinkly-I-use-to-be-over-weight-hand but in a lobster claw form. The second was no better. Next I decided to take the tail off to see if it can salvage the dismal meal. WHY THE HELL DID I TAKE THE TAIL OFF?!! The horror that was waiting for me came OOZING out. Confirmed by my horrified and disgusted family... the tail was still VERY RAW and had a fair amount of feces in the tail, AND the meat was old. The colors (and don't read this if you are squeamish) were black, mucus green, and brown surrounded  by translucent/slightly opaque withered meat. And I mean this... plenty Slime. I put everything down. And kept as quiet and calm as I could. I reached for the first person I saw, tall large guy short brown hair. I showed and told him about the lobster. He quickly took it away. They offered to cook me a new one. I declined. I didn't touch anything else not even my drink as I began to grow very nauseous sick and warm. I really needed that drink though. I dry heaved a few times by the car. Got home. Threw up what I could. Now fighting to write this review in hopes to save anyone else from this. I hope I can make it to work tomorrow, with few "interruptions" and hopefully make it for thanksgiving. Once again... wife, brothers, sisters, family will not return. I will share our experience with our friends and extended family.
2	I was stoked to hear about this place because I was hoping it would be the solution to my Boiling Crab cravings.  It's quite inconvenient to make the 350 mile drive to California...and I crave Boiling Crab like, everyday.  The concept is exactly the same as Boiling Crab - choose your seafood, choose your seasoning and choose your spice level.  There's a variety of fried seafood baskets that come with Cajun fries (or regular), wings, various sides such as corn and sausage- again, exactly like BC.  Only thing is, this place is obviously more expensive, as we don't live by the sea and it costs more to acquire seafood.  Anyway.  We came in with a group of 5 at about 6 pm so this is right before the dinner rush, so the place was quite empty.  We put in our order of 2 lbs of clams, 8 pieces of sausage, 1 corn, Cajun fries, a dozen naked fried wings, and a side of macaroni salad.   And about 15 minutes later our food came out.  + Taste/Flavor :  It has potential, it really does.  But our bag of seafood was not hot.  It was not even warm.  It was like, semi lukewarm, which translates to the combination of the butter and spices being completely separated and not mixed well to form any kind of harmonious deliciousness to coat the seafood.  The spices sat in globs throughout the bag, while the butter was stale.  Once we shake the hell out of the bag to attempt to mix the butter/spices, the overall flavor was good - not too salty, not to garlicky, but I ain't trying to mess with cold butter doughy globs of spices.  The wings were bland, but the texture was great.  Mac salad was just mac salad, corn is always good no matter what, sausage was sausage to me, and the cajun fries were the best part of my meal. They had a light breading that made 'em crunchy yet soft inside, and the seasoning was spot on. + Service : Though our server was a nice person,  his service is nothing to write home about.  He forgot our Cajun fries and macaroni salad, which weren't brought out til we nearly finished our food.  He only checked on us once and never refilled our drinks - I had to flag down another server.  It wasn't even busy at the time.  I usually don't complain about service, as I'd rather be left alone to eat in peace but when I keep having to ask for multiple things that should've been brought to me, it gets annoying.Those of us who are used to being spoiled by BC's deliciousness should keep an open mind when trying this place for the first time, as this ISN'T BC and it's a new restaurant and they're not established like BC, which is why I didn't come with high expectations.  It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't great.
5	This place is so cool.  I was waiting for it to open and now it is.  It has potential to be one of my new regular places.  I really appreciate the Dungeness Crab, hard to beat.  The crawfish is next on my list, other people say to try the shrimp.  There is a game playing from every angle.  Definitely worth a visit.
5	Such a great concept for Arizona! I have been there four times, each time introducing the restaurant to new people. The shrimp and snow crab are my favorite! I love that you can choose your sauce and heat level, something for everyone!  The seafood is fresh and fun to eat. Great for kids and non-seafood lovers also. The Cornish hen is so good and just one of the unique items on the menu. It's a great place for large parties or a fun date night. You have to try it!!
4	I'm so glad and excited that we have a seafood joint here in AZ just like boiling crab, we don't have to drive to Cali just to get our boiling crab fix. The place is huge it has a lot of tables. I like how they have picnic tables outside for the people waiting when the place gets packed. Service was good, our server (Austin) was very patient and accommodating. We ordered 2lbs of shrimp, trifecta, no spice but when it got to our table, I changed my mind and i wanted to add spice to it, he was very nice to exchange it and was not bothered. Then, when it came to our table the second time, i felt the bag is cold and we tried the shrimp, it was a little under cooked, we have to return it again so they can cook it more. I appreciated all he has done for our great dining experience. Everything tasted just like boiling crab, in fact! the sauce is not too salty compared to boiling crab and they have better crispier fresh Cajun fries! I Love it! My mom was excited to hear about this place! I will bring her here on her birthday.
4	I am so happy we have a place like boiling crab now! Place is nice and large and clean! You'll pick your seafood by the pound from shrimp, crab, mussels, crawfish, etc and choose a sauce ( Cajun, garlic, lemon pepper, trifecta (all three)) then choose your spice level. We opted for shrimp and mussels with trifecta mild. They only go by full pound orders. When we went shrimp was $11/lb and mussels were $9/lb. I can kill 1 whole pound of shrimp myself. Then they'll serve them all steamed swimming in the sauce in a nice big plastic bag and dig in!! Roll up your sleeves don't be shy!  Awesome! Utensils are optional and they have a nice big bucket to throw scraps in haha.  Prices are market price so they are listed on a big white board above the counter.They also have other foods for non seafood eaters. Service was good. Still a couple kinks they have to smooth out which is understandable for a new place. Bags came to the table one by one about 5-10 minutes apart and we were told they bring them as they get done but it's kind of weird just staring at the bags while we wait for our whole table to get served. Also our shrimp came in alittle undercooked two times we've been there. But they have no problem bringing them back to cook more. Maybe just a better check on the food before it goes out. Other than that I can see this place becoming super successful and consistently packed soon. Noooooooo. Lol. Get in there before the waits get long!! Oh and ask for a sharpie to brand yourself on their wall!!
4	The Angry Crab Shack , Where to start?So like many of you, I have been desperately waiting for a Boiling Crab knock off to arrive in AZ. As you can see By my reviews of  "The Boil" in NYC, "The shrimp lover" in Hollywood and of corse Boiling Crab that I love these type of places. So today when I saw this place on yelp I couldn't wait to get in there and try it out..The Food: Cajun Fries were ON THE MONEY.  Perfect level of Cajun spice. The shrimp with Trifecta Sauce (whole shebang @ BC ) was good, not Great but good. Of corse the shrimp here is frozen (this is the desert) so it's evident in the texture that this place isn't getting it straight off the boat, HOWEVER, there was no issue with the shrimp looking old or tasting bad so I won't complain(as some of you have SMH).The sauce, although not as good as the other places I mentioned was still tasty(it's missing MINCED GARLIC) My one complaint about the food was the cornbread, it sucked, very small and didn't taste like it was made today, (please replace that with another bread option)Service: WOW, the service tonight was excellent, our server was very enthusiastic and confident in his recommendations, he was attentive and friendly. Our food came out FAST, seemed like 5 mins and our table was visited by diff managers/owners who seemed to be very concerned with how our experience was going. Overall, it was a good experience, I would suggest that they replace those napkin holders with paper towel rolls ASAP, and that they ditch the table cloths for the wax paper all the other spots use,& ADD MINCED GARLIC TO THE SAUCE! I really love the graffiti wall for the guests to tag on. I appreciate them bringing this to AZ, and I think with a few Tweaks they can perfect the concept. But since they Have been open less than 2 weeks, and because the service was exceptional they will get 4 stars and I will be back to update my review.
2	Angry Crab Shack is pretty much a watered down version of the Boiling Crab famous in the LA County area.Needless to say, give this place some time.  They're still working out the kinks according to owner Ron.  He is a good man and I trust he will make necessary adjustments to improve and bring to the valley our first Cajun crawfish eatery.  Here are some necessary improvements...service isn't the best.  I get it, but that will come in time as management steps up the training.  Missing items on the menu...living in a desert I don't expect to have fresh seafood.  The Cajun sauce is okay at best too thick and sandy...needs to be broken down more so I don't get a mouthful of seasoning!  More mixing I guess would help.  The food needs to be steamed longer.  I ate some cold corn and some of the items in the middle were cool.  Granted cooked, but not hot enough...Crawfish baked or any seafood at this style of cooking should be steaming hot and almost burning my tongue when I eat it...I expect that.  The place is decor similar to the Boiling Crab, but with some extra tackiness and not necessarily a good thing.  It's like an RC cola compared to Coke...just not the same.  In the end, I'll wait another 6 months before my return.  Hopefully, you'll see a better review.  As for now, stay tuned! - Enjoy!
5	Well well well, The Angry Crab Shack! What's this? A cozy little place that serves seafood in a bag and beer! Well let me tell you that sounds like my kind of party allready! I found the concept very cool you order your choice of seafood, seasonings and heat preference! You also have a choice of adding a sum taterz and sausage inmix! They cook it and it all comes to you in a bag! Now its time to get down and durty!Dig in and eat! No silverware no nada! Just dig in and eat!!!! BINGO!. HOW FUN!!!!!!The Trifecta is spot on, The Tamarind and Cajun mixed together WHAAAA HAAAA HOWWW! to die for! A literal flavor explosion to the palette indeed! I ordered the Shrimp, Mussels, and A whoping 2.5lb Lobsta!!!! This place is GREAT! I thought it was all over with the party I came with but we saw Frog Legs and Catfish and thoughtAWW WHAT THE HECK! So we ordered that as well!!! OMG! Deliciousness! Someone suggested Tamarind and Cajun put one of the order of fries and WOW! That was a step in the right direction! Overall the staff was attentive and informative,the food was spot on cajun and the beer, well you cant go wrong with some Kilt Lifterwith your dinner! They've got t.v.'s to watch sports events and other shows as well! Its well lit and has a good flow! I will be recomending this place definitely to others! Hint:Never thought I was a fan of Catfish or the Frog Legs but this place just changed my life! Recommend both greatly! And Shrimp, Mussels and Clams Trifecta/Medium arethe go to! Next time I stop in I'll try the Crab and Crawdaddy!!!! . . . . Note to all you people talking about this place in Cali? Well AZ has Angry Crab Shack and it was good for me! Let me know how the drive is to Cali just to indulge in your Boiling Crab works out for you? As for me I'll support my local business here in Arizona and can only be optimistic that The Angry Crab Shack can only get better!!! Angry Crab ShackIm a FAN see you again soon!!!
5	I don't know where DL ate with his horrendous review, and was he the only one  in his party with such problems? My husband and I ate here last night and I read DL!s review as I waited for my meal.  The review was nauseating and unbelievable, since this place rocks!  I haven't written a review on aYelp before, but felt compelled to do so because a) DL's review is off the Mark - way off and b) we had a great meal.  To start, the cornbread was great. Warm and fresh, and my husband had catfish, which he raved about. I had soft-shelled crab,and I can honestly say this was the best I've ever eaten, very meaty , tasty, and cooked to perfection.  The Cajun fries, and sweet potato fries were great - criispy and hot and seasoned to perfection. We will definitely be back.
2	I have been here 2 times already and here is how my  experiences went.First visit: when I first visited the newly opened restaurant it wasnt so busy because it was the day after thanksgiving. The service was awesome and the food was not overly amazing but enough for me to come back. My husband and I had ordered the fried calamari, fried catfish, pound of king crab, pound of shrimp,  and a pound of crawfish. We wanted to try as much as possible. The server recommended that we try the trifecta flavor cause its good. So we ordered everything that flavor. Only to find out that what she had recommended was not what she ordered.  Crawfish was ordered in a different flavor. Which we didnt complaint about.  So everything went fine, nothing too big. Here comes the second visit:I walked into the restaurant exactly 8:00. I had a party of 20 so I expected to wait since it was busy. Up to ths point, I was okay because they were busy. When we finally ordered it was 9..30 mins after we ordered, the waiter tells us no more chicken tenders for the kids. Okay, they were really busy earlier we assumed, but 30 mins to check and tell us? Whatever. Another 20 mins past,  I finally asked after waiting over 50 mins, by then we had finished my king crab legs, where is our cod fish fry and our fried calamari? Then he goes into the kitchen and comes back saying "we are out of calamari" are kidding me?! After almost and hour after we ordered, you tell us now? Are you trying to make money? I figured they would want to order more since they stated in the menu, 18% gratuity for a party of 8 or more. Whatever again.By this time 3/4 of the restaurant is empty!! Even with this horrible service, we got charged gratuity which we didnt complain about. Over all angry crab, the food is good when they are not busy but the service is horrible. If you want to go eat here make sure its not at a dinner rush time and don't EVER go in large party.
3	It's a copy-cat of Boiling Crab as many of you might know. The cajun sauce is still not up to par, it's OK. When the bags of seafood are delivered to the table, they're not hot to the touch but just barely warm.Make sure the orders come with the sides you ordered, we were a group of 8 people, and they messed up the sides of 4 orders.I've called this place twice on a Thursday and nobody answers, so I thought the place was packed or busy. But once I got there, the servers were just standing there with really nothing much to do.
3	Alot of people have bias opinions of this restaurant, comparing it to boiling crab,kickin crab and hot n juicy... But as I must say first is that dont have high expectations and think it will be on point with what's in cali or Vegas... They've only been open for almost a month and they're still getting used to how things roll... It was my second time coming here and I must say the first time coming I think was a better experience than the second... I had the shrimp trifecta (dupe for whole shabang) with mild heat... It didn't taste like anything really just a lot of butter and no garlic at all.. the shrimp is cooked perfectly and isn't small. I think they should just keep up with the tastes and flavoring then maybe it'll taste a lot better..The customer service was okay. Our waiter was nowhere to be found so we asked another if we could get some extra condiments and he replys "oh I can't do that for you I'd have to tell your waiter"... Ummm seriously it's not hard to get extra sauce lol geeze. Put a bit of effort in serving even if youre not serving us. You're a server to begin with anyways! There's only one server that had a good/welcoming attitude, our waiter seemed bored and zombiesh he was very quiet... Overall I don't think the atmosphere and overall food is horrible, they just need a bit of time to perfect things as they are the only place to get a dupe of what you can get in cali.  I'll still be coming to this place and I'll be expecting better service and better food... So on and so forth.
4	Our group of 6 went on 11/26. Unlike D.L., my hubby had a fab lobster...and he's picky about them. His lob was perfectly cooked. We all enjoyed our king crab, oysters, fish orders. Seasonings were good; we ordered mild and it still had a little kick. We all agree the Cajun fries are spot on; sweet potato fries really good, too. We did tell owner Ron that they need to change up the corn muffins -- more like mini muffs. They will only get better with time. Staff does need more training, and hopefully they'll take criticism of kitchen timing to heart. Ron is such a great guy, have to give them 4 stars and wish them the best!
5	So another great get together with family and friends at this restaurant! Had ourselvesA little reunion of lifelong friends growing up in Tempe! Service was spot on!  15 total in our party and beer was kept full and orders came out steady and hot! We all ordered an array of items! The party was thoroughly impressed with service and food! Looking to possibly set a date for another little Pre High School reunion at Angry Crab Shack! Thanks Angry Crab Shack for a job well done! We all shall return!
2	I was definitely not impressed by their food or service. Service was slow & servers were not professional what so ever. I was really hoping that this would be the solution to my boiling crab cravings but was utterly disappointed. The sauce was not great and food was served somewhat "cooled". My bf loves oysters and lets just say it wasn't close to what we considered to be fresh. They were super small & did not look appetizing because they were probably scraped when they got opened. I will probably not come back here for a long while...,maybe when they get their service & food more organized. For now, it's not worth my drive from Avondale!
2	After trying this place out, I was not too impressed with it. The restaurant size is a bit small and decor is pretty nice (Bring a pen you can tag the walls). There wasn't a lot of people there probably cause this place is still new. I ordered 1lb craw fish with the trifecta sauce and medium hotness; waitress told me they run hot with their spices, but I feel that is a lie. I guess it's because I'm used to eating hotter things, but their medium tasted sweet to me. I also added the 4 slices of sausages and a potato for a little extra. One thing that I didn't like was that the sausages and potato was not cooked with my craw fish, but instead it was cooked in separate bags. I over heard the waitress at a different table tell the couple you can have the add-ons put in the same bag as the seafood.Pricing wasn't bad, it's what you expect from any seafood restaurant like this. Service was good, waitress and waiter were friendly and kept refilling our drinks. kept up with our trash buckets swapping out filled ones with new empties. Our group did however had to remind them about some missing items; they couldn't remember what we ordered. Then again these were just high school kids probably their first job.Overall, I don't think I'll be returning to this place anytime soon.
4	It's nice that Phoenix now has a seafood place similar to the Boiling Crab.. It's about time! The place is big with lots of tables. I like that they have the graffiti walls that customers can draw on and leave there mark on. We went on a Wednesday night so it wasn't busy and there was no wait. Our server was really nice and he explained how everything worked since it was out first visit. My boyfriend and I got a pound of the Trifecta shrimp, Lemon pepper snow crab legs and a side of Cajun fries. I liked how crispy the fries were but I wish they put more Cajun seasoning on it because I couldn't really taste the seasoning. The shrimp and crab legs were delicious. Good sized shrimp and crab legs. The seasoning is a bit different then the boiling crab. The Trifecta seasoning was a mixture of Cajun, lemon pepper and garlic sauce and I would increase the spice level. We got medium and it had a little kick but not spicy at all. I also read from reviews that the catfish was amazing and our server highly recommended it so I would like to come back and try that.Overall we enjoyed this place. The food and service was good and we'll defiantly come back again. The only thing I would like is for them to replace the napkins with paper towels and provide wet naps next time.
5	I love this place!!! I ordered the Dungeness Crab and my wife had the Snow crabs. Food was great! The Cajun Fries were also boom. I think the Angry Crab is a great addition to Mesa, AZ. My only suggestion is to be careful, the level of spice can easily be underestimated. Go as often as possible, I really don't wanna see this place close.
3	As many of you know, this is Phoenix's take on a boiling crab, and I'm sure the owner (who I found out is from LA) had heard enough about its comparison.  This place is fairly new so I'm sure they are working on a couple of things. One thing that bothered me was the fact that their menus are printed on computer paper and were very dirty and falling apart. I would suggest getting someone to design a nicer looking one (everything was off center and ugly) and maybe laminating them. It was also pretty annoying that they don't have the prices of their shrimp, crab, crawfish on the menu. And if the market prices really differ that often, at least make the prices visible from the tables. Everyone kept having to get up and look for the prices, we finally just took a picture and sent it to out.  The next thing I would hope they change is their tablecloths. With their dining experience going towards eating off of the tablecloths and whatnot, these blue plaid ones that rip as soon as you put something on it will not do. If this is to continue I would say give everyone plates (even if its paper/plastic), I was turned off when my shrimp immediately soaked through the tablecloth and touched the bare wooden table. The service also needs a bit of work since we asked for water more that 5 times and continued to be let down, which is not good when you're eating something spicy. They have young looking servers so I wont be too hard on them. Now for the food. The fries were EXTREMELY GOOD and the portion size was big. We ended up getting two pounds of Hot Trifecta shrimp. I would say it was pretty gdelicious and the spice wasn't too much. I think they might soak the shrimp a little less than BC since the shrimp wasn't completely saturated. As leftover the next day however, the shrimp had soaked up the sauce and it even tasted more spicy than when we got it fresh--it was good. Next time we might share a pound and get a pound of something else to mix it up. The decor is a complete rip-off of BC but hey, if it works it works---got my writing on the walls.
5	Honestly its not a Boiling Crab! But thats why its called Angry Crab Shack, people honestly this is one of the Best Seafood Places to come to Arizona! If you dont like it the feel free to enjoy the 400 mile ride to Cali honestly! At least some Genius finally brought this out to us, and we talked with him and all of his fish is shipped fresh then frozen at the most a day.....sooo me and my boyfriend will definetly be coming back!!! ^.^ So Delicious! But definetly try the Trifecta Shrimp (similar to Whole ShaBang from Boiling Crab)! Oh and yes the shrimp do come with heads attatched, but it just enhances the flavor! I do recommend to come Early maybe on a weekday, to get good service and avoid the rush! Other than that till next time Angry Crab Shack! ^.^
2	Despite all the mixed reviews we still decided to drive from the west side of phoenix to try this place out. I would have to say, I have experienced better. The food was fine, the only reason I gave them stars to begin with but the service was just... BLEH. We waited for about 20 mins even though there was plenty of tables open (not sure why).Once we were seated, we ordered and it did take awhile for the food to come out but they were somewhat busy so we didn't mind. Everyone's food came out except mine, Everyone ordered shrimp and they got theirs except for me, after a good 15 mins of waiting our waiter finally came over to check to see how we were doing, I had told him we were still waiting on one more order. He came back and said that the kitchen was backed up and it should only be a few more minutes. I was just whatever at this point, you would think all of the shrimp would come out at the same time... guess not. Anyway when it finally did come out, I am pretty sure they messed up, I had ordered the trifecta (not sure which but it was the one that barelly had spice), and I kid you not I was sweatin! It was just as spicy as my boyfriend's shrimp (maybe the medium?)  if not spicer! I was too hungry to care so I sucked it up and just ate it. After my shrimp came out no one came around to check on use anyhow so I couldn't say anything if I wanted too. All in all, they are a new restaurant and maybe in time they will have better service but we shall see next time!
3	As Arizonans, we long to eat something that comes from the mysterious pools of water that surround the globe. Closest I've been to a pool of water bigger than my bathtub is Tempe Town Lake - where I sometime contemplate whether I should throw myself in because all we have is Red Lobster and ... yeah, that's it.  Can't afford Joe's Crab Shack? Here's your plan B. I wasn't expecting much as it's in a empty-plaza and of all places, right next door to kid-germ infested Jambo. I went for Sunday dinner and asked for a table of two. The 2 hostess' at the front whose job is to just stand around and act like an extra on the set of Clueless told me that I had to wait until my entire party arrived. The place is only half-filled. I understand this policy at restaurants, but I'm just a party of 2 - not the freaking Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade coming through. When my friend finally did come, I stood in front of the 2 hostess' and we awkwardly stood there facing each other, until I realized that they weren't going to do anything until I spoke up. I was already annoyed about not being able to sit down in a half empty restaurant and now I'm speaking to robots?Service is a little scattered. Servers are assigned tables but I feel like every server just walks around aimlessly. They often came up and asked us if we had already been helped 3 times each throughout the night. Every table had to wait a little while until they were even recognized as having just sat down with no menus or water. Kind of have to wave someone down and tell them what you need. Good thing they have flat screens all around to watch and pass the time.Food - Pretty good and prices aren't too shabby either. My friend ordered the clams and shrimp while I ordered Snow Crab legs. I was expecting small pieces of shrimp, but the sizes exceeded my expectation and were pretty big in my opinion. My friend had the trifecta and spiciness really is hit or miss. You could order medium and it'll feel like the depths of hell in your mouth and sometimes it's barely there. I ordered the garlic, which was pretty good and probably soaked with tons of butter, but mah belly doesn't mind some baby fat. Snow crab legs were of decent size too, not like the skinny anorexic crab legs you get at the casino buffet. Wish they came with sides instead of having to pay extra though. They ran out of utensils to help you with cracking, so the server gave me a rock. That was something new.All in all, if you're wanting some seafood and a new experience while on a budget, come here. I'd rather save up my money and go to Joe's where I can get better service, more portions, and sides altogether for an extra 6 dollars. I'll come back again once more where hopefully, the service has improved. Ask for a marker and sign your name away on the wooden walls.
5	My DH and I tried this for the first time tonight and definitely are going to be regulars!!  The staff was friendly and very attentive and answered all our questions readily.  This place is SO much better than Joe's Crab Shack and much more dollar friendly!  I had the sweet King Crab and my DH had the Soft Shell Crab with fries.  Everything was fantastic and the heat level was not too much for us at all.  I only had the level 1 but will likely try #2 next time.  Looking forward to trying everything on the ample menu.  So glad to have this kind of restaurant in the neighborhood!!  Good Food, Good Service and a Fun Time on a chilly Friday night!
5	Was really contemplating coming here due to the mixed reviews I read, but boy am I glad I went! It's not the boiling crab, but a close second in my book! We were instantly greeted and seated, it wasn't busy when we got there but it soon filled up. We were seated and out drink orders were taken almost immediately. As soon as our drinks arrived we ordered, 2 Dungeness crab for me, chicken fingers for the hubby and steamed rice for the girls. The market price for Dungeness crab was $14/lb today. Also keep in mind when coming here they don't do half pounds, you have to get the whole pound. Our food came out in 15 mins and we were grubbin! We got our choice of weapons to open the crab. And we dug in! It was glorious, I got the trifecta sauce/medium and it was pretty spicy! But oh so good! Our waiter came by to check on us frequently and each time we could just nod due to our faces stuffed with goodness. Free refills on the sodas and the steamed rice was $2. Reading the reviews I was scared that I wouldn't like the food, but I am so glad we came here! Will definite be back! Hope they stay good and fairly priced!
5	My new favorite seafood spot
5	This place is absolutely amazing!! people are crazy if they don't think this is good!! i am a die hard fan of hot n juicy crawfish in west hollywood, CA and honestly this place is just as good!! Boiling crab sucks and this place is definitely better than them!! A MUST TRY :)
4	Good fresh seafood in phoenix? Awwwww yeeeeeeGo for the shrimp, they're massive juicy and fresh. The trifrecta seasoning is the way to go!!! The blue crab isn't very fresh though so a star off, but amazing seafood otherwise! Also $4 draft 20 oz kilt lifters? Totally a good deal!!
5	I've never tried the boiling crab in Cali, so I can't compare this place to that like many others can. but as for my first seafood boil experience... AMAZING! the seafood was fresh and everything was huge and didn't taste fishy or old. We got 1lb shrimp, 2lb snow crabs, 1lb mussels, order or oysters, and Cajun fries and my boyfriend and I had the biggest and best feast ever! all were seasoned with trifecta spicy level hot and omg delicious. service was great and food came out fast. love it!
4	Service: Our waitress was fabulous.  She was friendly and helpful without being annoying,  if you know what I mean.  Decor: completely laid back and comfortable.  Fyi, you will make a mess here and its acceptable to eat with your hands.  They just put bags of hot steamy goodness in your table and you dig in.  Then they roll up the table cloth and throw it all away.  Food: the snow crab is seriously amazing.  We are talking hallelujah choir amazing.  The shrimp was so so,  but the waitress said they have been working on a cooking technique for their shrimp.  The king crab was good,  solid choice.  Dungeness was well,  I've honestly never had it before and it may have been fabulous but i couldn't get past the eyes and fur. Lol,  but that's on me i suppose.  The Cajun fries are solid.  Cole slaw was good between spicy bites of seafood goodness.  They also give you a basket of limes and a dish of salt and pepper with instructions to squeeze the limes into the salt mixture.  Dip your crab into it from time to time,  it's delicious.  Will be back for sure!  Thanks Dan for the great food!
4	Wow, the shrimp and sausage were great. This style of serving might not appeal to everyone but it was awesome. I can't wait to go back and try something else. I did the trifecta seasoning medium heat. Large shrimp well worth the price of my meal. The wait staff were great and very attentive. I'll be taking friends and family when they come to visit. I'd give this place 5 stars but since I've only been once I'll hold off for now. Great idea for sharing, I just happened to go by myself. Looking forward to the Grand Opening.
4	I DON'T like Boiling Crab, Kickin' Crab, or Hot 'N Juicy.. So why did i try this place out? It was a friends birthday, ordered crab legs, mussels, clams, and shrimp and the flavor was good, like really good.. if someone says they didn't like the taste, just ask them which flavor they tried, there are more than several.  (personally i like kajun and trifecta SPICY) Costs a bit much though, but you already know that going in.and get corn and the cajun fries, you won't be disappointed
1	They were out of shrimp, lobster, and most of the crab so I can't comment on the food but it would have been great to inform our party before seating us and taking our drink orders.
5	This place is really great. Has awesome fresh seafood. Its moderately priced, but completely worth it for the quality of food being served. I'll definitely go back again.
5	I was pretty hesitant about this place since Joe's Crab Shack was pretty disgusting so assumed it may be similar. I was sooo wrong. This place is soo good!  The trifecta sauce is AWESOME!! I love the heat level. The medium has pretty decent heat but if you love spicey go for the hot. I had the gumbo, clams, shrimp, and snow crab and they we're all terrific. I'm definitely returning.
3	I still love this place. And I still will go. But they to need fix one big hiccup. We frequent this place almost once a week. As other reviewers have stated their service had been lacking but it seems like they're starting fix a lot of things the more we go. People complain about the clumps? It doesn't faze me. In my opinion it's where all the flavor is anyway. Went there today and service was great and our server was extremely friendly. The only downside is we had a gift card but I guess the manager wasn't there and no one knew how to input it? Thumbs down! It wasnt too big of a deal for us since we knew we'd be back anyway to use it BUT for those who are relying on using one for their meal... I guess make sure the manager is there first before you head on over?!!? Or it could really ruin your meal. They definitely need to get that sorted out.
4	Finally a seafood boil-in-a-bag in Arizona! Prices are a lot better than you would think. I love that the shrimp and crawfish they serve here are plump and juicy. For those who don't want to go the bag route, they have fried options too. Flavors are great and they have a lot of extras like Cajun fries, cornbread, etc. Great food that keeps both your stomach and your wallet full.
5	Finally!! A seafood restaurant that packs both quantity and quality. I found this gem here on Yelp and I cannot wait to go back. We went on a Saturday night and the place was packed, usually a good sign. We were quickly seated and out waitress immediately greeted us to explain how the menu works and to take out drink order. We struggled with making decisions so we ended up sampling 1lb snow crab, 1lb shrimp, 1lb clams and 1lb crawfish. We also went with the trifecta sauce with a 2 for heat on all 4. Don't forget the Cajun fries on the side as well as white rice, you will need something to soak up all of the extra juices. The seafood comes in a big plastic bag and no utensils here so be prepared to get a little messy! I did not even care about how messy it was because everything was so delicious!! One word of advice, the trifecta 2 was pretty spicy, I think next time I'll go with a 1 and I normally like spice!As we finished up the owner came by to see how everything was. He was super friendly and clearly very passionate about this place. We will be back very soon!
3	In comparison to the California and Las Vegas "Boiling Crab", the guys here come pretty close.  It was still fairly new when I had my first visit, so sure, I was expecting that there would still be a few things that needed to be worked on. Staff was polite and seemed somewhat cheerful, but my table could have used a little bit more attention.  For those of you that really like crab or need a shell cracker, you may need to consider bringing your own.  For whatever reason (the place was only at about 1/3 capacity) they ran out!  There was one on the table, but having to wait for each other to finish using it is a pretty big inconvenience.  The flavor of the food and sauces are pretty good.  I personally do like the "whole shebang" sauce/spice mix at BC more, but by  no means is it bad here.  I think once they get a full set of utensils to accommodate a full crowd and the servers become more attentive to their tables they'd be a 4 star place for me.
4	If you've ever been to The Boiling Crab in California or Vegas, this is as close as it gets here in Arizona. I've been to this place at least 5 or 6 times now and I'm glad to see that they are listening to feedback and are continuously improving. It may be that it's off season but I've noticed many times they are out of at least one or two different items. My only experience are with their shrimp, crawfish, cajun fries, and gumbo. It's pretty tasty and if you're looking for good seafood I would definitely give them a shot.
5	Ok, I have now been here 4 times and the last time with 6 friends. I was superImpressed on the service again and we just loved this place. I tried King Crab, Mussels,Crawfish, Shrimp, fried shrimp, fried Cod, gumbo, sausage and French fires. Yes I was stuffed. Just awesome. I tried other seasonings and different heat levels. Love the Trifecta with medium heat. Highly recommended. Great beer and wine prices.
5	Eat. Here. Now.
4	Great fresh seafood, reasonable prices, trifecta sauce all day, shrimp, wings, dungeness, fried razor clams, all amazing. Would be better if corn was fresh. Over all great. I think I actually like this place more than boiling crab! This place would be 5 stars if the ambience was a little better.
5	Angry Crab Shack is a bit of a drive for us since we are in North Phoenix but we've never been to a place like this and were really wanting to check it out. The drive was totally worth it and I'm so glad we went!!I love shrimp so that's what we were going for our first time here. We got a pound each of Trifecta and Kajun, both at medium heat.The shrimp was cooked perfectly and the sauce was delicious. Medium was the perfect heat for us. Trifecta is amazing. It's an awesome blend of the Kajun heat plus a hint of lemon pepper and garlic. Straight Kajun was just as good.Definitely add in the corn and a few potatoes to your order. They are cooked in the same bag and are a great compliment to the meal.We will be back for sure. I've never been a big crab or lobster person but I will definitely have some here. I can't wait to go back!!
5	Shrimps with trifecta sauce is the best! The King crab leg with garlic sauce is worth to try.
4	My daughter and I had the deep fried soft shell crab,  for lunch and it was  amazing.... The fries and coleslaw that came with it were very good,  and the fry sauce was a great touch!  Only negative was the potatoes in the potato salad weren't cooked,  but the potato salad itself still had a great flavor.  I've been waiting for a seafood joint besides the big chains to give us peeps here in AZ some more choices.  I'm looking forward to going back again.
5	Loved it. Staff was attentive and made sure we had waters,beers and food coming. We had the crawfish,mussels,crab legs and shrimp. The seasoning had a perfect balance of Cajun spices and garlic. Get the trifecta with some corn and sausages in your bag. Sausage isn't spicy but a good add to your bag. Highly recommend it. Nice edition to AZ since we only see these in Southern California. Stick to what you're doing. .
5	great food......fun place.......you gotta try this place!
5	Just left there Amazing place SHRIMP is to die for trifecta sauce is the way to go!!  Service is good. Hope it stays around!!
5	Finally and after my first time here Thats what I was looking for since I knew The Boiling Crab The staff are so friendly The Shrimp with 3 kind of sauces was so delicious and very similar to Shrimp Boiling just lighter than it   Just keep going And I would suggest to have half bounds for any orders and thanks
5	We drove all the way from PV to try this place. Totally worth it. We met some friends there and ordered a few beers. They were nice enough to change the TV near our table to the UFC fight. The waiter made a bunch of recommendations and we tried most of them- oysters, clam strips, corn bread, cajun shrimp and crawfish.And of course, because my wife is French, we got frog legs.Everything was seasoned perfectly. The food was delicious and the beer was cold. The atmosphere was a blast. People were having fun, making a mess, wearing bibs and enjoying the meal.The price was very fair.For a night out that's a something different and more fun than your average dinner, I highly recommend it. We will be back.
5	So I've never been to this "Boiling Crab" place that everyone wants to compare this place to - but now that I've been to Angry Crab, I sure hope the former lives up to all the hype!I had a pound of king crab, a pound of snow crab, some hush puppies, and corn.  The crab was delicious and I highly recommend the trifecta sauce.  My crab was steaming hot when it came out, as was the corn, and both were cooked just the right amount.  The hush puppies could have had a little bit of a sweeter taste, but that's just personal preference...all in all, really tasty crab and a delicious meal.  I thought the prices were very reasonable and a good value.The service was pretty decent, and although I had the impression some of the crew was new at their jobs (they did just open up), I was satisfied with their effort.Lastly, seems like a great place to bring a group to share several pounds - going to round up some co-workers for my next visit!
4	If you like Hot 'n Juicy Crawfish in Vegas, you will like Angry Crab Shack. We stopped by here to get something to go for dinner and left with 2 bags of spicy marinated seafood!The waitress at the counter was very friendly and helpful as she explained the ordering process. Basically, you pick out how many lbs. of seafood you want from the menu, and decide on what sauces and spiciness level you want your food. Sides are also available, such as corn on the cob, sweet potato fries, and gumbo.We ordered 1 lb. of shrimp ($12), 1 lb. of snow crab ($15), corn on the cob, and sweet potato fries. We went with the trifecta sauce and the penultimate "Hot" spicy level.The shrimp were huge, and served in the shell, head on. Peeling them was no problem though. The snow crab were a little harder to crack open (Obviously), and the meat inside was a little bland and needed that extra kick from the sauce to make it tasty.The sauce was a good mixture of salty, spicy, lemony heat, especially with the shrimp. The corn on the cob came in the bag and was really tasty since it was marinating in the seafood juices and sauce. The sweet potato fries were good as well and a nice side with the rest of the meal.I'll definitely be coming back here to try out more of their seafood by the pound!
4	Large restaurant, previously the space was occupied by a couple of cafes.  It is rather stark looking and can be loud with all the hard surfaces surrounding this big open space.  The waitress was very good, friendly, well informed about her product.Ordered a pound bag of shrimp (sweet and firm, very tasty)  that had added to it a piece of corn on the cob (about a third of the cob, grossly overcooked, was mushy), a small red potato, 4 pieces of sausage in their trifecta sauce spice level 2.  Also had a basket of fried calamari sticks (excellent), Cajun french fries (crispy and mildly spiced, good), a basket of fried clams (very good), a basket of fried oysters (very good), hush puppies (good).  My big mistake was to order the self peel shrimp, it took me a half hour to peel those little critters because they were hot and the shell didn't want to peel and I was spattered with sauce, my bad.  Next time I will eat a poor  boy sandwich or any of the other fried dishes.  The restroom was clean but had no paper toweling, just powerful air blowers and I needed to use some toilet paper to dry around my mouth and wipe my nose, not a big deal.   I would give between 3 1/2 and 4 stars.
4	For a seafood lover living in AZ it completely sucks that we have very limited options for GOOD seafood. VERY Limited. I'm beyond ecstatic that i have found this place!!! We drove all the way from west valley and totally worth every gas mileage we racked up! The service was good once they finally served us though that took some time due to communication issues with the hostess.  But forget about all that cause I'm sure you really just want to know about the food. We ordered Dungeness crab in trifecta hot: ridiculously awesome! Lobster in trifecta mild: she wasn't speaking due to lobster being stuffed in mouth so I would also say very good. We ordered sausage and corn with them and they were also delicious. Crawfish in trifecta hot was also great but I believe the crab trumped that. The Cajun fries were seasoned perfectly and highly addictive. The fried cod according to my husband was good although I'm docking points for giving us a partially raw one (they corrected it and sent us new batch FYI). So overall can you really go wrong with crabs and beer especially when you put it those crazy good sauces?!?!! Run to this place it was great. Oh and ambiance is also exactly what I want a crab shack to be as it lends for a very easy time to get down and dirty and suck the heck out of those suckers down!
5	Since seeing Hot & Juicy on the Food Networks, Man vs. Food, I've been a fan of this style of seafood dining. I've been to Boiling Pot in California & Hot & Juicy in Las Vegas & Angry Crab definitely fits the bill & hold a bright torch to its comparisons to the others. Our waitress Michelle was energetic & very informative to the choices on the menu. Michelle added her 5 Star service to the 5 Star food. I thoroughly enjoyed my first visit & anticipate many more. Many of my co-workers & friends we're waiting to hear about my visit & with my pleasant experience, they too will now be future patrons.
4	Love IT!!! Local mom and pop, no frills good crab! Arrived after 8 pm on Thursday and the place was packed. Waited a few to be served, but had beverages comp'ed for it.We appreciated that. They forgot the slaw and cornbread we ordered since they don't write orders down but otherwise a great, fun, messy digging in and getting dirty experience. We'll be back for sure!
3	First time here. The wait was about 30 minutes which was fine. What was a little irritaing was there was another couple near us who came 15 min after us and they must be frequent diners since a server walked by and recognized them and asked why should they be waiting...he then told them that he'd go back in and bump them to the front since they shouldnt have to wait. In the mean time they were served drinks while the rest of us also waiting didnt get as much as a hello.  I get it, treat your regulars well but does it mean to neglect your potential regulars? Food was good. Shrimp was big. Clams were flavorful. The snow crab was a little bland. Trifecta was delish.  Service was friendly....but a couple hours after getting home, the hubs and I have made several trips to the bathroom and now our son just threw up.
5	The quality of the food is like heaven. No joke. From the moment I tasted it to the time iam makomg the review (less than 2 weeks) i have ate here 4 times. Yes iam that addicted.
2	I guess I should update this since I have been here three times now. I was going to add a star to my review for the second visit until this third visit. (See review of third visit). The second experience was better for me. I ordered a pound of shrimp hot trifecta. I gotta say it was pretty good. Mine came over seasoned but it made it more better. I can't say the same for my friends..they ordered the same as I did but they all said it wasn't hot and spicy. In fact, they ask started to dip into my sauce and loved it more. Another had to send theirs back for being undercooked.For this third visit, third times a charm right? Wrong. This time I ordered the fried cat fish which at first I was grossly discussed by since mine came undercooked. Had them take it back and make a new one. Second one came out amazing but was missing the cole slaw and correct sauce it came with the first time, no biggie. The waitress even took it off our bill. The rest of the food was pretty good. My family ordered the Dungeness crab, shrimp, and clams each of those turned out good.Another note, after being opened for over 6 months now you would think they would get their choking timing down by now. Also they were surprisingly busy tonight.
4	I love this place infinitely more than I would ever consider liking Joe's Crab Shack. But I don't love this place more than I love any of the fresh seafood shacks I grew up with in Ventura. Take that for what it's worth. Then order your boils with the "Trifecta" but MAKE SURE they add the corn and potatoes TO THE BAG because the seasoning is where it's at. (Corn, sausage, and potatoes are extra so ask for them!) I like my food spicy but I ordered level 2 as a compromise with my gringo husband - and honestly, level 2 was legit. They price by the pound and serve by the bag - the good stuff is on the bottom of the bag so don't be afraid to get dirty. I noticed that the fried goodies took twice as long to be served as boiled seafood, so if you're in a rush, I'd stay away from the fried menu. However, I was pretty happy with the calamari (which was a calamari steak cut into "fries") and hush puppies. Overall, it was a nice surprise to find in Mesa. Clearly, the seafood isn't fresh from the sea, but since we're stuck in Arizona - I'd definitely go back!
5	I have been looking high and low in Chandler/Tempe area for good seafood (yes, I know there is no ocean close by) with  a Raw Bar atmosphere. Guess what, found it. The Angry Crab Shack in Mesa is it! Yes, the name is a little silly, but the food is the real deal. Casual atmosphere, fresh seafood and good service. I've had the raw oysters, crawfish, dungeness crab, Cajun fries and the hush puppies...of course with a Kilt Lifter or two to wash it down with. Good stuff for a coastal guy.
5	This place is where dreams come true.  The seafood is oh so delicious.  Mmmmm... we had the snow crabs and shrimp with the hot trifecta sauce... and it was magical.  The corn was cooked in the sauce, so it was awesome.  The sides are good too, I live the corn bread, it's sweet and moist - almost like a bread pudding.  The raw oysters are awesome!  Absolutely perfect!  We'll be back every chance we get.
3	Food was good, service was lacking. Food:Trifecta was good. Well balanced flavors. I have been to the infamous Boiling Crab plenty of times and I'll have to say Trifecta beats the Whole Shebang. We had it with shrimp. The shrimps were large and not overcooked. We also got a lobster in lemon pepper sauce. Tasty also but I'd prefer with Trifecta the next time around. We originally ordered clams in lemon pepper sauce but was later informed they were out so we changed it to a lobster. The Cajun fries were tasty. Nice hearty basket. Also got a dozen oysters and they were also good.Service:Very lacking. Took a while for our server to take our order. We probably waited about 10-15 minutes for her to come take our order. As I mentioned above, they ran out of clams but did not tell us until they brought out the shrimp portion of our order. Wish we were notified right after we placed our order. We finished our shrimps and was waiting a while before our lobster came. Also didn't help that our Cajun fries we ordered haven't came out either at this time. I had to ask the waitress about this and she said she would go check. She came back and said "They are making it right now. It was on the ticket but I guess they didn't see it". Really? No apologies either. There are no utensils given at the table. We had to ask for a spoon for the cup of cocktail sauce that came with our oysters. Were we suppose to pour it? We added potatoes to our shrimps and they were whole red potatoes cut in half, so they were pretty large chunks and we had to use out fingers to break it up in pieces and eat it. My friends hubby ordered crabs and had to ask for crackers -_- C'mon, that should've been caught on their end. It also took her quite a while to bring us our check. It felt like we kept having to ask for things... I'll probably be back because it's the only place here right now to get this type of food. I hope the service/training gets better and they really work on improving the communication between the dining room & kitchen staff. I'll update my review on my next visit if my perception changes.
5	Excellent place to get your seafood fix in the desert. I went with the dungeness crab with corn and a potato, oysters, and cajun fries. First came the oysters, which were plump and fresh, much better than what you typically get in AZ for a similar price, e.g. Casey Moore's or Baja Joes.  Next were the cajun fries, which came out piping hot and crispy. I had to make an effort to stop eating them to save room for the main course. The dungeness crab comes out whole, and will weigh more than 1lb, but my server kindly warned me of this and it wasn't a problem. When I opened the bag I looked like the crab was nibbling on my corn (see pic).My only qualm came with the price of dungeness crab being $1.25 more per lb than on the menu. I understand re-printing all the inserts for the tables is annoying, but the price was even wrong on the marker-board. I couldn't care less about the extra couple bucks, and I would have ordered it at either price, it just comes off as a bit sloppy when prices don't match up. The food was too good to take a star off for that thought so I'm sticking with the 5 starsThis place is a great time and I will definitely be back. They were in the process of building a bar and I intend to use it!
5	Love love love!! I got 2 pounds of snow crab legs with the trifecta and if you are considering other sauces, don't! As the first timer, I was a little nervous about the trifecta sauce but the moment I caught a whiff of my order, I KNEW I made the right choice. Nothing else could possibly be better than the amazing trifecta, like oh my geeerd good lol. After the crab was done, I saved the sauce and made some bomb fried rice with it. But warning! You will have days of garlic breath hahaha I also got the cajun fries which was perfection.
4	This place was a pretty cool place to go!  I love the cajun theme restaurants.  love crawfish in the oven bags with "the whole shebang", or trifecta as it is know at the angry crab.  Wasn't too to impressed with the crawfish here, we ordered a pound of the trifecta with 2 spice.  some of the crawfish were not fresh to say the least.  we ordered a lb of the Blue crab, shrimp, crawfish, and mussels,  all the same flavor and heat. i liked the shrimp, and mussels.  :)  we also tried a shrimp po boy and some fried clams.. lacking in the shrimp on the po boy, clams were ok.  I will be back!  the beers and good time was well worth it!  3.5 stars for the food, half star added for the cool factor!
1	Was there like 10 min ago and order 10 pound of crawfish.the sause was ok but the quality of crawfiish was worst then a buffet. Meat was so pasty dont get me wrong.not all but 80 percent of it was bad and 20 was good and to many egg underneat the crawfish make it so nasty.my girl actually scream when she saw it.i ate 3 out of 10 piece and throw the other away what a waste but I cant even eat it.cant believe I drove 45.min for this  now have to drop by to another restaurant gezzzz.
5	Great food, excellent service! We had the snow crab legs and shrimp. And it was great!!! Better than red lobster and Joe's Crab Shack! You can break the legs with your fingers there so soft. Service was great went on a Friday. All the staff was having a good time and kept checking on us, and our waiter was great too explain how ordering works and recommendations. Will go back again!!!! A+
5	You can't come here and not compare it to the o.g. Boiling Crab. Whether the owners like to admit it or not, it's pretty much an exact replica...and that's not a bad thing.  I've been craving this kind of food so badly since moving to AZ and finally got a chance to hit up the Angry Crab. The food is awesome. Spray ketchup on the table and eat with your hands while butter, garlic, and grease slop all over your face. Not an ounce of shame. Flavors are perfect. Food is hot. Spice levels are SPICY. Shrimp were large and not overcooked. Fries are perfectly crisp. Blue crab is kind of hard to eat but if you like crab guts and like to work for your food, it's worth it. Crawfish was sold out when I went so I can't comment on quality. I hope they don't raise their prices and somehow keep the 2-3 hour BC waits away. Shout out to our server Michelle, who was great and full of energy on a busy day. Protip: the sauce here is great bowel care, if you get what I mean.
4	Great place if you like peel-and-eats and cajun style shellfish.  I came to this place for the first time a few weeks ago and have been back almost twice a week since.  Coming from LA and being used to Boiling Crab, I can safely say that this place is a pretty good substitute.  Their trifecta sauce is very tasty and probably your best bet if you want something with a lot of flavor.  The levels of spiciness vary and are not very consistent; you may order a level 4 and have it taste like a level 2 in one bag and like a level 4 in the another bag.  Same goes for other items that require sauces, such as the cole slaw.  I order it a couple of times and the first time it was good, but the second time it was dry with little mayonnaise on it.If you're looking to get crawfish, lobster, and some of the crabs it's a good idea to call in advance and ask if they have it because they rarely have them in stock. However, if you get your hands on the crawfish you'll be lovin' life!  They also have whole lobsters so if you like eating everything including the head, be my guest!  Aside from that, the shrimp have never failed me and are always my go-to order, and their crab is surprisingly more meaty than you would expect for a place in Mesa (snowcrab is the best one).  And make sure you get an order of cajun fries to soak up all the trifecta sauce.
4	Went for my best friend's 23rd bday dinner....Never heard of the place and disappointed I never heard of it sooner!I ordered 1 pound of the snow crab legs, honestly forgot how exactly I had it ordered however I should have increased the level on spicy on the legs.it was a party of a good 12 of us, small but cozy and plenty of laughs to be shared down the table.Food was QUICK! DELICIOUS! also the deep fried oysters..MMMMM!I need to stop reviewing this, it's just making me want to go over now, haha....
4	Got a recommendation from a friend to try this place and I think I had a different expectation; based on his raving review. I called the restaurant at 4:00pm to make are reservation. They said they do not take reservations. I asked what is the typical wait on a Saturday night for dinner around 6, the woman said 20 min. PERFECT. My wife and I head to the Angry Crab and when we put our name in there was a 50 minute wait. The restaurant is small for being a 'crab house' and the place is only a few months old so I expected a longer wait.. They had seats outside for waiting, but no patio seating for diners. Not a big deal, but it was a great night for outdoor dining (75 degrees). The shopping center looked a little 'sketchy' due to amount of vacant store fronts, so there wasn't even much window shopping to do during our almost 1 hour wait. Now on to the food, the wait staff was friendly and dress uniformly. The waitress was fast with our drinks, which came in a plastic, foam or cardboard (fast food style) cup. But I like 'divey' as much as the next guy, so no complaints here.... yet....  The food came quickly, but we were only given 1 set of seafood utensils. So after asking and waiting almost 10 minutes a new set came to the table. During this time my wife and I had to share... again... not really a big deal, but not the ideal situation. My wife and I ordered oysters on the 1/2 shell, and fried calamari for an appetizer. We got pretty hungry during our 50 minute wait. For our entree we both got snow crab, sausage, corn for our main meal. The oysters were AWESOME. I would highly recommend them. The calamari came with a sauce that looked like marinara, however had a fierce bite. I like spicy, and if you like spicy I would recommend. If you do not like spicy definitely stay away. Our entree came in a plastic bag that you open and eat out of. They do not give you a plate or any metal forks or knives. So most of your meal is eaten with your hands. Don't wear your Sundays Best because there is a good chance you will get crab juice on you at some point during the meal. I got the 'trifecta' seasoning which has good flavor, however I thought the crab was a little small compared to other places, like Joes crab shack. At the end of the meal the bill was reasonable considering the amount of food ordered and a better value than Joe's Crab Shack. I am not sure I would drive past Joe's to get to this place, but if I was in the mood for crab and didnt mind the 'divey' atmosphere, then I would go again.
3	I really really wanted to like this place the food was good and I really enjoyed the experience our service was so horrible that we left I had to go find the check ourselves
5	Yelped & found this place a couple wks ago, and have already been 3 times, its now our families sunday tradition for lunch. Extremely laid back atmosphere, incredible customer service, and the spices and seasonings are truly a culinary art. My son loves when they walk around with the lobsters, crawfish, etc, to show the kids.
2	So I came back with a friend to give it another try. This time I got there a little late (9:20PM) so I was almost expecting them to be out of seafood again. I ran into some friends outside who had some opinions about the food but the only one that affected me was their comment on the oysters they got. My friend had told me they had intentions to have the oysters and my friends were telling me they were sandy and poorly prepped. I don't know how it slipped my mind but my friend ended up getting the oysters and only eating two before giving up. I got the trifecta shrimp which was fine. But while I was ordering they of course went through what they didn't have yet again. I'm not sure that's how these restaurants work but I'm glad they had shrimp thawed out this time. Service was ok. The one screw up was that we got a side of rice and it was overlooked and was sitting in the service window before we had to ask for it. Really, I thought the food was good but I can't deal with the place. If it's a gamble every time I order then I can't possibly recommend it to anyone. Maybe third time's a charm. Or maybe I'll have to wait for hot and juicy to open up.
3	The atmosphere of the establishment was great. I liked how there wasn't a long wait and the food was good. Took a few bites from different food my friends order like the fried cod fish, fried shrimp, and fried catfish. The breading for it was on point. The reason why I'm only giving it 3 stars is because the crawfish had absolutely no taste to it. The crawfish was pretty much steamed and than tossed in their seasoning. The seasoning I order was the Trifecta which was really oily and didn't leave any flavor. The crawfish were fresh, which is a plus, but the way its cooked, it absolutely had no flavor to it. I come from the south and the way its supposed to be cooked is in the broth with all the seasoning. You want to cook all the seasoning into the crawfish. So when you start tearing it apart and eating it, all the great flavors would be soaked into it. Overall, the price was decent. As expected because majority of crawfish comes from the gulf of mexico and I'm sure it cost alot just to habe it shipped fresh. I would recommend it for those that want to try the battered stuff. Just not the crawfish.
5	This place was absolutely outrageously delicious! We got there early (a few minutes before 5pm) so we beat the dinner rush and were seated immediately. There were 4 adults and 1 child in our party. For appetizers we ordered: Fried Clams and Hush Puppies. For dinner we ordered: Dungeness Crab (it was 2.5 pounds!),  Blue Crab, Clams and Shrimp and put it all in the middle of the table and shared. Since it was our first time we just went with the house seasoning on everything and ordered it mild. Absolutely everything was out of this world tasty and beyond our highest hopes! Super fresh! We had a hard time cracking our dungeness open and one of the servers came by and helped us with that. This is a messy, butcher paper on the table, noisy, family friendly, plastic bib provided, eating at a picnic table, throw your shells in a bucket, fresh-off-the-airplane-fresh-seafood restaurant. The food just shows up at your table once it is cooked; a server will come by with a plastic bag filled with your order and plunk it down. And for those of you parents out there - yes, they have chicken strips and fries and they were tasty according to our very picky 5 year old. We spent $147 with tax and a 20% tip, which we thought was very reasonable for all of the food that we stuffed ourselves on and the beer, wine and tea. There are a couple of sinks to use to hose yourself off when you are done which was very handy too! I am from the west coast and the other 3 adults were from the east coast, so we definitely are aware of what good seafood is (hence the blue crab vs. dungeness order) and we all place our seal of approval on this place!
1	It does not deliver the authentic taste of good crawfish..I spend $33.00 on two pounds. They were super tiny and it's crawfish season.  I ordered the spiciest with two potatoes, three corn and four sausage.  The crawfish were drrrrry and had no flavor with no spice at all. The corn were decent.  The potatoes were biilg gigantic rustic potatoes cut in half. I am use to the small red potatoes the seasoning soaks into those easily.  The sausage were literally four cut small sausages that you had to search in the rubble for instead of whole sausage links.I will never return. I just got back from Houston so the taste is no comparison.  I just wasted my money and time. Or go to Vegas.They do not serve liquor either..
5	I've been here several times and the food here is absolutely amazing.   They have several different types of sauces all available in different levels of hotness.   I can highly recommend the clams, crab,  and lobster.   Very friendly service with a solid selection of craft beers.
5	Awesome place to eat seafood. There's no place like this unless you go to Vegas or LA. It's messy but so good. I have been here total of 6x ( so that speaks of the food ) and the first 2x we had a different server but honestly request Michele she will take care of you.
5	Great atmosphere!  Food is even better. Best place in town to get seafood. Whatever you get make sure to always add corn, sausage, and potatoes. It's cheap and will give you a cut from the seafood. You can't go wrong with the shrimp, king crab, or lobster.
1	Worst service ever!!!!! I sat 15 minutes before someone asked me what I wanted to drink. After my meal, no one ever came to give me my check, I had to goto the front and pay. Very unprofessional!!!! Food was good, but I would spend my money somewhere else.
5	What an incredible staff! The atmosphere was delicious as well as the food. Prepare to get messy and do everything at the dinner table you were taught never to do!We had crab, shrimp, sausage, corn, red potatoes and cole slaw.  The trifecta sauce with medium Heat was the perfect suggestion, from our server.  The mix of spice and rich buttery chin dripping sauce was super tasty and decadent.It is really kind of hard to explain the experience fully, you just have to try it for yourself! Dress to get messy!
4	Best place in AZ for seafood by far!!!! Only giving 4 stars and not 5 because they lack a little bit of consistency with the temperature of their sides for example a few times my corn that I order with my crab has been a little cold or they let the fries or wings sit in the window too long when they are busy. The seafood has always been hot and fresh though.. My favorite is definitely the Dungeness crab it's always fresh and super hot when it gets to your table. My hubby loves the crawfish and mussels .. I recommend the trifecta sauce then just choose what heat level you can handle. Service is always great if you get Michele, and don't be afraid to ask for her. She is super friendly and even will offer to help crack open your crab for you if you would like. The few times we have been there and didn't get Michele we were very disappointed. Overall I may have a slight addiction to this place as it is as close as you can get to a boiling crab in Arizona
3	This place is pretty cool. If you love seafood and cajun food I would recommend this place. It's hands on food which makes it fun!
4	The first time at Angry Crab today, and I will for sure be heading back. We were a group of 7 on a busy Saturday, but had no problem getting seated and having someone take our order.We tried a lot of different things, because we were wanting to see what everything was like. Fried shrimp and fish for the kids, boiled shrimp and crab legs for most of the adults. To round everything out, a shrimp poor boy, Cajun fries, sweet potato fries, frog legs & fried clams.The food was good, especially the steamed stuff, but that came out before the kids food, and one of the fryers must be off because some of the fried stuff was great, and some of it not so great.One final thing, they were out of the two beers I wanted on tap. So I had to settle for my third choice which was okay but not great.  So for food overall, I would give them 4 1/2 stars, but because the execution was not great (out of things, everything coming out whenever it was ready) I rounded down and not up.
5	Reminded us of the Crab Cooker in Newport. Food was great. The garlic crab legs and shrimp rocked!
4	The food is very good and service is pretty solid, too. It is very spicy, even the 1 out of 5 is, so be aware of that. Good cheap beer too.
5	Went back a second time and the good is consistent. Had 3 lbs of snow crab, 1 lbs of clam, 4 sausage, potatoes, and corn. Trifecta sauce, medium. Delicious. There are clumps of seasoning here and there but it's an incredible messy fun experience.
4	Went to the Angry Crab last week with a couple of friends. I had never heard of this seafood in a bag concept, which is apparently the new "thing". I have done the more traditional clam bakes, etc. in the past though. I really enjoyed this place. Having been craving some East Coast food, this was an opportunity to at least somewhat indulge the craving since we are in land-locked AZ. The atmosphere was awesome, with picnic tables and kitsch all over the place. A nice laid-back place to relax and hang out for a while. Our waiter, Noel, was incredible. You could tell he LOVED his job, which was nice for a change, and he did his best to make sure we had everything we needed. We ended up with a smorgasbord of options from the menu. Got some oysters (they were huge!) and hush puppies for an appetizer and both we wonderful. For the meal, we did a pound each of shrimp, mussels, snow crab, and crawfish. We ordered it all in the trifecta sauce at a medium level and thought it had a nice kick to it. I wouldn't order it any hotter because I'd be afraid the heat level would overpower the flavor of the actual seafood. None of us had ever had crawfish before. Noel told us he would show us how to shell it, so we ordered. We were there late in the evening (after 8), so the place had cleared out considerably. Noel ended up sitting and shelling with us for about 5 minutes! A lot of work, but we all enjoyed the crawfish. The only negatives for this place would be the napkins are useless and the sauce was a bit oily, but that's a personal preference. All our food came out hot and around the same time. Will definitely be back!
4	My dining companion ordered the 2-lb dungeness crab.  Pretty pricey at $34, but that's what's expected when eating seafood in the middle of the desert. I would say the crab was worth that $30, it was delicious and the meat was sweet. It was kind of strange that the server didn't automatically bring out tools to open the crab with, not sure if she expected us to just use hands?  She eventually brought us out the claw-breaker tool, but I wish they also had those plastic tools you can use to cut the shell open.I ordered the crawfish.  It was pretty good, although there were 3-4 crawfish in my bunch that were "bad" that I couldn't eat.  I wish they would've weeded those ones out.Overall, I would come back again, since there are very few places in Phoenix to go to for good fresh seafood.oh, and I have to add that I really liked the oysters they served, they were quite large! and very tasty.I also like that they have the hand-washing station outside of the bathroom since you know everyone's going to get really dirty hands when eating this seafood.
5	Dozen oysters, lobster, shrimp, crawfish, mussels and more for $100 to feed 5 people I'd say that's a good deal. Considering how good the food is and how many people we came with I thought it'd be more. Great food & atmosphere I recommend this place to anyone who loves seafood and doesn't mind getting a bit dirty (:
3	The food is good, but will never measure up to the boiling crab EVER.  Service sucks yo.
3	The food is amazing and it is comparable to boiling crab. The food does exceed the expectations, yeah sometimes they don't put enough sauce, but still the food are delicious.I would had giving this restaurant five stars without hesitation until last visit.I live about 40 miles away, drove to Angry Crab with my family. I ordered from the kids menu for my daughter, and I selected milk as a beverage for her. When the milk arrive she started drinking it and she spilled some that I started cleaning out, then I tasted my fingers and it tasted bad! I tested the milk and it was an expired milk!! They made me feed my daughter bad milk! This is not the only part! In addition they acted like if nothing happened!They give me full check at the end, including my daughter order and everything. I had to inform them that I am not happy with this behavior they acted like sorry and only took the kids meals off! I was still upset and called for a manager who gave me 20% discount. If the restaurant have service concept, they would had either offered me the meal for free and didn't need for me to bag for discount! Offering customers rotten milk is not a minor mistake!!
5	Tried this place out and I am so mad I waited so long! It was awesome! We started with a lb of shrimp with the trifecta seasoning... Delish! We ended up getting a lb of snow crab after and it was super yummy, but the shrimp are the way to go. Cornbread was perfect for dipping in the drippings! It's a messy meal, but that's part of the fun. Also, Melissa, our server, was awesome.. Super helpful and friendly!
5	Went today for a late dinner (around 9) and had an AMAZING Time. Food was great, ordered a pound of clams and mussels and two pounds of crab. I love that they have different sauces! Theres a loooot of oil used in the food, but still pretty good.My drink was never empty, and service was one of the best I've had. My boyfriend and I were approached by three different servers, making sure things were good!Love love love it, definitely will be returning!
3	Angry Crab Shack is Arizona's version of Boiling Crab/Hot 'N Juicy, and this version is not bad.  It sucks that it's located all the way in Mesa, which means that I have to drive 40 minutes to eat here, but that's still better than having to drive 400 miles to LA or 280 miles to Vegas to eat at the aforementioned Cajun seafood spots.  So, can't really complain.  Would I come here again? Maybe - onto the food:There were four of us, so we ordered a lot   The first thing we requested was the crawfish, but were told that they were out of it that day.  Bummer.  We then ordered 4 pounds of shrimp (with a few potatoes/corn/sausage mixed in), a pound of clams, the biggest Dungeness crab available, and a pound of mussels - all medium/trifecta.  We started with a dozen oysters, got a couple orders of Cajun fries, and ordered a few IPA's.  The food looks and somewhat tastes like the offerings at Boiling Crab - plastic bags, oil & juices spilling everywhere, etc.  To start off, the oysters were great - fresh, meaty, and bright.  The shrimp were decent, but the seasonings/spices didn't penetrate the meat enough, and I pretty much mopped up all of the sauce/poured on hot sauce to help give it more flavor.  Likewise with the clams and mussels, with about a 1/4 of the mussels still closed and the clams being the most flavorless.  I liked the crab the best out of all of the dishes - for 3 pounds (at $12 per, it's a little pricey considering how much meat you actually extract from the animal), there was barely enough meat for each of us to get a decent taste, but it was delicious nonetheless.  I ordered a side of rice to mix in with the best part of the crab, the innards and soup that is exposed when the carapace is ripped off.  Two bucks well spent!  The fries were good, and the chicken tender baskets we ordered for the kiddos were good too, although they took way too long to come out (with impatient kids, that is no small issue).  I don't know, it wasn't a bad experience at all - it's definitely a fun place to eat, as all eat-with-your-hands establishments should be.  I just wish all of the seafood was seasoned better.  In the meantime, I guess this place'll satisfy my Boiling Crab craving whenever that craving hits.
4	This place is great. But they may be out of many menu items sun-tues. Highly recommended though!
5	Visiting from Chicago for Spring Break and looking for a good meal to celebrate my east coast born & raised husband's birthday request for seafood.  This place was perfect! We had very attentive service from Noel and liked that things were done well and quick, especially with a preschooler in tow.  The food was great, prices were fair, and I had a happy hubby when we departed.  We are definitely coming back!
3	Great concept, and pretty good seafood. We tried the Clams, Shrimp, and crawfish - added in some sausage as well.We got 2 different seasonings and both were very goodShrimp were LARGE and definitely worth the money.Clams / razor clams were also VERY good.Crawfish, were borderline Med Rare, the tails were cooked but the tiny claws were a little underdone.. Next trip will be Shim n Clams only, and maybe try a Po'boy... This place is WORTH the $$  You figure, 11 bucks for Shrimp,, Go to the local grocery store or LeeLee and you are paying 11.99 a pound, RAW.... and again, Its Seafood... Will definitely be back
5	GREAT service, food, and drink AND fair prices.  Had the shrimp boil with the 'trifecta' (garlic, lemon pepper, kajun) sauce and the level 3 hotness.  Added 4 pieces sausage and a potato to the bag.  They didn't have Blue Moon beer so had the recommended Papago Orange Blossom Ale which is NOW my new favorite beer.  The shrimp was FRESH and can't believe they sold it for $12 a pound.  Others in party had equally good mussels, snow crab, and more shrimp.  Will be back here again and again.
4	Ate here about three times now. Its not the best but coming from New Orleans it stops the cravings for crawfish a little bit. Oysters are pretty good/fresh.  Cajun fries are really good. If you had real poboy and want poboys don't get it from here... Go to New Orleans. Or Mississippi.
3	Made our 2nd trip here, and even as busy as they were, our food came out in a timely manner. Shrimp - Trifecta 3 - Delicious / added SausageMussels - Garlic sauce 1 - Ok, but think the Clams are betterSnow Crab - Garlic Sauce 3 - Pretty good / little pricy (store 8.99) 15 here.Kilt Lifter on TAP !! Awesome. Brought the kids n they loved eating off the table... The only flaw I noticed was some customers walk in and aren't necessarily greeted right away, while multiple employees walked by. ALL employees should take a sec just to ask, have been helped yet, or some greeting. The Staff seemed like most was their first time Waiter/ress-ing. We had to literally flag them down when we needed something. Attentiveness needs to be trained.Solid place so far, hope their staffing steps it up,, They are always busy, so the tips are flowing, now they need to earn it.
3	seafood are market price and i think is over priced.  in my opinion, u can buy double amount of seafood and cook at home.i have the chicken wings, not bad, it is fresh fried, but the sauce is a bit too salty and very oily.  the sever give us couple different sauce to try the spicy level, but, to me, not spicy at all.  the server is very nice...tell us things on the menu, explain each item, etc.
4	Some servers here are pretty awful and need to take a lesson on 1) writing down correct orders and 2) keeping track of what food's been brought out and what hasn't and 3) not arguing with customers when errors are pointed out.Given that, food is still good. Will see how Hot and Juicy in Tempe compares.
5	Absolutely LOVED this place! I started with some hush puppies and a pound of the snow crab in garlic butter, which was very good, but was thoroughly blown away when I got a pound of shrimp in the mild trifecta sauce! Huge huge shrimp, and the sauce was delicious! My friend had the clams and was happy as a....well...you know...Our server was Judy, and she was very friendly and upbeat. The only negative was she forgot to bring out the sausage and rice my friend ordered with her clams, but remedied that right away, so it was all good. We had gotten there early on a Saturday night (5:00), and by the time we were leaving there was a good sized line out the door, so get there early or be prepared to wait.We are already planning on making this a once-a-month girl's night out!
5	The service was awesome the food was amazing!! You must check this place out. Food is offered by the pound. We spent $80 and was stuffed.
3	Its a unique experiences. Despite the location and ambiance this is not inexpensive . then Food is excellent but bring your wallet
5	I haven't been blue crab picking since I moved out here from the east coast 2 years ago.  I heard about this place from some friends that work at Rehab Burger Therapy in Scottsdale and knew I had to check it out.  It does not disappoint.  The Atmosphere: Very relaxed with it's open layout and they'll even let you write your name on the wall.  Paper is on the table for a reason, be ready to get messy.Service:  Being that it was my first time there, I asked the bartender how it all works and for suggestions.  He was very helpful and got me all set up with some of the best seafood I've had in AZ.  I wish I could remember his name so I could give him a shout out on here.  But if you sit at the bar and your service is awesome, your beer cold and always full, and he cracks some hilarious jokes ... that's him.Food:  Again, I cannot stress enough how badly you need to visit this place if you enjoy picking crabs, lobster, crawfish, or anything else you can throw in to a boil.  My bartender suggested what flavors to start with for each of my orders; but, hands down the trifecta is the way to go.  It had the perfect amount of spice that complimented the seafood and I ended up dipping everything in it.  I ended up getting a pound of blue crab, a pound of clams, and a pound of shrimp.  Everything was amazing, the shrimp were HUGE, and I definitely made a huge mess in the process.  If you've made it this far through this review and aren't convinced, go ... go now.  You will not be disappointed and I promise you will be back.  God knows I will.  Thank you Angry Crab!
4	Definitely a fan!Enough that I created a UYE as an excuse to go back.IMHO, boils are a very social event. While it's perfectly acceptable to just go as a single, or a couple, or in the case of my last visit, three girlfriends having lunch, it's really a case of "the more, the merrier!"It's messy, table manners are non existent, and the social/party atmosphere of the boil makes the food taste even better!This is also NOT a New Orleans style boil. Most of the seasoning is added after the animal is removed from the water. (Which is how they can offer so many flavors.) The taste is still great, but it's MUCH messier. Apparently, this is how it's done in most places outside New Orleans. Not bad, just different. And good to know before walking in.There are non-boil things on the menu - I may venture into the fried appetizers at some point. But this place is all about the boil! Shrimp, blue crab, crab legs, lobster, crawfish, etc. All sold by the pound and you pick your seasonings.We shared a half dozen of the grilled oysters. Not as good as ACME or Drago's in NOLA, but better than I ever expected to find in AZ.The three of us were all in agreement to go with their spice level 3 ("I can't feel my mips.") It was not that hot. Good flavor - but it wasn't as hot as I was hoping or expecting. And we shared 1 pound of shrimp and 4 pounds of crawfish (running a special - if you buy 3, you get 1 free.) We added some corn and potatoes and loved our little mini-boil.I was quite happy they have Abita on tap - and if they add Amber in addition to Purple Haze, I may just add that 5th star! :)And my happy bit of not-so-insider information - they will be opening a second location (with BBQ!) this fall in Central Phoenix. So I won't have to trek to the outer reaches of the Valley to get my crawfish fix! In fact, the new place will be just over a mile from my house! Woot!It's not cheap - but this is AZ. And the salt-water animals don't just swim up to the front door. Totally good value for the dollar - and I am glad to have them in town!
4	I recently went to Angry Crab Shack and loved it! I've been to Hot n' Juicy before in Vegas so when this place opened I couldn't wait to try it. We got there on a Friday night at about 7:15 and had about a 30 minute wait which we thought was fine since we weren't in any big hurry so we decided to get a drink at the bar while we waited. My boyfriend ordered a vodka tonic and I had one of the drinks on special Jack w/honey lemonade. The tonic was diet and they didn't say anything so it tasted off, it was also flat. They made him a different drink as it just didn't taste so good so he ordered a Jack and Coke. My drink was very sour. The lemonade needed way more sugar. One thing we noticed is they didn't like to use ice it seemed, within 5 minutes all of our ice was melted. When we sat down we looked at the menu and my boyfriend got a pound of the snow crab legs (2 clusters) in the traditional sauce with no spice and an extra ear of corn. I ordered 2 pounds of the crawfish in the trifecta sauce with low spice level and a potato. My boyfriend enjoyed his but it was way to spicy and he had ordered the no spice but it was pretty spicy still. I LOVED my sauce and spice level (which was suppose to be hotter than his but it wasn't). The crawfish were PERFECT. The size were double from other places I've had in the past. The owners were great to walk around and stop at each table, while we had to flag down our server a few times just to get basic items (a drink, tools to crack the crab legs). While service wasn't the best from our specific server and drinks from the bartender weren't great either the food was good. I will certainly be back for more seafood but will stick to the trifecta sauce and low spice level. While my boyfriend will probably stick to the other seafood dishes (salmon, catfish, etc).
5	I always end up at angry crab some how! My friends tried hot n juicy today, and said it was "just alright" compared to angry crab. And right now it's more expensive than angry crab too, so why go somewhere more expensive for "just alright" when you can get better for cheaper?! Plus angry crab uses currrry nowww!~ I wonder if hot n juicy does too, can someone let me know? Thank you for readinggg! ^-^v
5	The first place I've found in AZ in my 20 years here that truly reminds me of the seafood places I grew up with on the east coast.  Great, laid back atmosphere with wonderful staff (and the seafood was excellent).  We'll be visiting this place often!
4	Reminds me of some similar themed places in California. Open dining area, outdoor seating as well. And seafood is sold by the pound at current market values. The crawfish they had when I went were on the runty side. Shrimp was perfect in size and taste, overall better value in my opinion. The seasoning is a little thin and oily side. And the spicyness. Seems tame. Ordered medium and even the hot. And there wasn't much of a difference. Staff is very attentive however. Always coming around to check on your drinks. You come with a party of four be prepared to drop a bill. But it's totally worth it. Also try the cornbread. Goes awesome with the crawfish!
5	Let me start by saying, yes. We live in the desert. We are land locked...BUT this was some of the best Cajun seafood I've had outside of NOLA! The seasonings alone are redunk! My hubby and I had the Dixie Peach to drink. Holy crap! Was feeling it after 2 sips! Delicious! We got the pound of snow crap, pound of of shrimp and added potatoes and sausage. The atmosphere is cool. Graffiti on the walls, yet a clean well maintained dinning room. Lots of TV's around, great place to catch a game! Great music. Wait staff is on point and friendly! Casual party feel- bring a group to make it more fun! I recommend getting the seasoning at medium to start, it helps slow you down from devouring your whole meal in less than a minute;) Definitely will be going back to this place on the regular!
5	Well damn! I feel guilty that i have not written a review yet! I have been here MULTIPLE times and each time i leave full and satisfied. This place is first come first serve and does get crazy packed, so be prepared to wait. I love the chill laid back atmosphere. I always get a nice cold beer while I'm waiting for a table. Inside and outdoor eating. Everything is good here from what i hear but i can only vouch for the crab, shrimp and hushpuppies! Its what we get every time. My absolute fav is getting 1lb of the king crab spicy level of 3 and trifecta sauce! DELICIOUS!! and hot! But delicious! it can be a bit of an expensive dinner even just for two people...but it is really worth the splurge if you want to get your cracking crab on!I love it here so don't be surprised if ya see me!
5	I grew up in the Gulf Coast. Seafood was a way of life. Since moving to the AZ, lack of fresh seafood has been a big problem. PROBLEM SOLVED! The guys at the Angry Crab pride themselves on always sourcing fresh product. Example: the Dungeness crab is forced to crawl its way into the pot. But seriously, for the price you are paying, it is good to know you're getting live seafood. The menu set-up is simple. Half the menu consists of the boil-in-bag fresh seafood. Half the menu is the fried seafood and sides. Both sides of the menu are great, but I keep coming back for the seasoned boiled seafood. I order their trifecta sauce, and pick a heat level that matches my mojo (usually two or three, four is crazy hot). The staff is very friendly. They are passionate about their business, which I think is related to this being a family business instead of a bullshit corporate restaurant. This place will always count on me as a customer so long as this doesn't change.
5	fabulous!!!!!!!!!!
4	I loved coming here and not just because of the food,  the service was awesome.  The service and the ambiance deserve an extra stand-alone star.  They captured the fwel of a down south restaurant in presence as well as ambiance.  Most places can't get the correct feel/presence.  ANGRY CRAB does! The staff was beyond friendly and accommodating.   The guys working there walked the live crawfish and live lobsters around the dining room for folks to see!  I really found the crawdaddies to be quite Interesting looking creatures!   So I came for a UYE arranged by Arana W here today.   I got there early and held a table for our group.   I was starving so I ordered a pound of crawfish with the Trifecta sauce at #3 spice level.  Half a dz Grilled Oysters and a basket of the calamari.  I nibbled a couple of the calamari and packaged that to go.  I dug into the crawfish and obliterated them!  I also ate all 6 oysters.  I enjoyed everything.  I wished that the grilled oysters were less done and more spiced.   I thought that the trifecta at spicy level 3 was good, but level 3 was barely spicy at all to me.  I was wondering what 4 was like.  There is a seriuos warning on spice level4, so I was afraid to get it, but if you truly like spicy food, I would request 3.5 if I return.  It is difficult to come here and not compare this place to BC or HnJC or other popular "boil" restaurants (I never mention a competitor by name in my reviews).  I like the other new crawfish joint in Tempe just a little better because of their combo sauce.  This is hard becauae the feel, service and ambiance in Angry Crab is like being at home down south.  I danced in the dining room after lunch and knew it would be ok... yes, this was downhome for sure! My return factor is 100%.  I am bringing my mom when she comes and I will update!
2	The food not bad-really! But for the price-O MY!!! I can understand that Arizona not near any ocean so seafood can be expensive, but how about corn and potatoes??  I only got one (half) of corn in a bag and it cost me 75 cents/half corn. Really? I love seafood but with the money that I pay here - it's just not worth it.  Only going come here when I really super crave for seafood.
4	A bunch of us yelpers came here for a UYE organized by Arana W., and I had such a great time. The meal was delicious -- and very messy, which made it even more fun. I ordered crawfish and shrimp with trifecta sauce, medium heat level, with corn and a potato. The food was tasty and very well seasoned. It wasn't inexpensive, but quite well-priced considering the quantity and quality of the food. Service was very friendly and efficient, and there's a sink in the dining area for washing your hands; that's something you will definitely need to do before and after the meal. In all, it was a very pleasant experience and I look forward to coming back and bringing friends here. Nothing beats having a messy, delicious meal, especially with a group.
5	Outstanding food, if you are going there Friday or Saturday evenings, plan on waiting outside and/or finding a spot at the small bar and meeting a friend or two.  Very friendly bartenders and waitstaff, they will make your experience here one that you won't forget and will want to repeat over and over again!
4	Ok Ok so it took me long enough to try this place after a few people kept trying to convince me.  I'm glad we did decide to wait until they were about 6 months as I think all new businesses need to find their niche and how things will work for them.  Ok on to my review.My husband and I decided to check out this place this past Friday night for dinner since we were in the area.  However we were not really dressed for this occasion as well let's just say we were in our nicer attire.  Next time shorts and tank tops or at least tops we don't mind if the seafood juice flies on them.Have to give a shout out to the bartender, she was awesome, lovable great personality and knows how to mix a drink.  Too bad it was her last weekend for what ever reason hope they find a good replacement for her.  I had this Peach drink, can't remember the name off the top of my head but it was with Grand Marnier. Waited about 5 minutes for a table around 6:30 pm on a Friday not bad.  They have outdoor and indoor seating.  Hostesses greeted us promptly and were friendly.  Took us to our table.  They had a nice little patio with some tables outside but we sat inside. Noah or server quickly made his way to introduce ourselves and let us know how the ordering system worked.My husband started off with oysters on a half shell and I ordered the hush puppies.  Oysters were good size and he liked them came out promptly.  Hush puppies could have used maybe 2-3 more minutes as they were still kind of doughy in the middle. For dinner we ordered 1lb clams, 1lb shrimp, and 1lb blue crab.  All Trifecta with a number 2 heat.  Perfect spices for us.  All came out hot hot hot and not spicy hot but temperature hot.  We also had a corn added to the bag of shrimp and clams.  It was also very buttery and flavorful.  We also ordered another round of drinks as well.  However we were so full didn't get to try any of the deserts.  We finished up pretty much everything with the exception of a couple of shrimp.  All in all we had great service, really yummy seafood, and a great atmosphere.  Definitely going to be a return and as a matter of fact since our son's 8th grade graduation is Friday and our daughter is being promoted to 6th grade we are taking them this weekend as they both love them some seafood.You definitely get the bang for your buck.  For everything we had minus the first round of drinks at the bar our food and second round of drinks came to a little over $58.00, that's a lot cheaper than some of the places we have visited and had terrible experiences. So being an East Coast Chesapeake Bay Gal with the bushels of Maryland Crabs and lots lots of Coronas I have now found a true flavorful enjoyable messy fun place to get my messy seafood & bib on!!
4	Awesome place! The food is great, went with my parents and they loved it! It can get messy but worth it!
4	Good food and ambience but can be pricey.... But, is good! Can be messy so if your trying to look pretty don't wear white.. You order by the pound and cant mix and match . Must order by pound so if you want blue crab then its 1lb.. You can add sausage, potato, corn and it comes in a sack... Tv screens everywhere with mostly sports on and a full bar...... GET READY TO GET DIRTY!! Oh ya!
4	Fun seafood place! Great food and excellent service. We were pleasantly surprised, and will definitely be back.
4	It was out first time here so we all got something different and shared so we could all experience a little bit of everything. I got the snow crab legs and they were fabulous with the trifecta seasoning. My husband got the shrimp it was good but just a pain to eat since all the deveining and peeling had to be done on your own. My brother got the sliders they were not that great, too dry. Our friend got the gumbo it was super delish. Service was good. Food, overall was tasty, I'd go back!
4	If you don't know how to tear apart a lobster or crawfish, this isn't the place to go. If you are on a fancy date, this isn't the place to go. If you value, to any degree, the clothes you are wearing, this isn't the place to go.So toss on a crappy T-shirt and old jeans before you get down on some amazing boil-in-bag seafood. I highly recommend the lobster, crawfish and king crab legs -- all in trifecta sauce (garlic butter, lemon pepper and Cajun spices). Angry Crab sells its food at market price and by the pound, so you choose how much you really want to spend. Also, nobody is going to yank that tail off the lobster for you or peel your shrimp. You're going to get  your hands dirty. Remember to order an appetizer of charred oysters, especially if you like to pile on the garlic.My date and I had a 1.8 pound lobster, a pound of crawfish and 6 charred oysters for about $50. And the service we received from Michele was phenomenal.
4	So I lost my crawfish virginity. Decided I was glad I ordered shrimp, mainly because I liked the taste better.  I also split an order of crab.  A group is the best way to go here because that is the atmosphere created by everybody digging in with their hands and making a mess.  The food was great the service was great and they had Kiltlifter on tap. I not only want more of that shrimp, there are several other things I want to try on the menu.
4	This place has some great seafood! I got the  boiled shrimp and medium heat and it was absolutely delicious! However, you have to work for your food and it gets real messy! It all comes in it's shell or claw that you have to break out yourself. I had a lot of shelling to do for my shrimp but once I got to eat it, it was very worth it! Be warned that this is a very messy meal and there will be juice EVERYWHERE. I will definitely come back, they know how to do Cajun right!
5	I love, love, loved this place! We went there yesterday, a party of nine at 4:30 pm & tried a variety of items within our group. Oysters, frog legs, angry edamame & chicken wings to start. The oysters were plump, the frog legs were crispy and the Cajun spice on the edamame was tasty. Our party once again ran the gamut in ordering entrees, blue crab, snow crab, king crab, lobster & Dungeness crab. My Dungeness crab was nearly 3 lbs. of awesomeness in trifecta sauce & hot level heat & it was an amazing mess. You have to work hard to get to the meat, but it is an ever so rewarding treasure hunt. Our service from Alice was impeccable and the local beer selection was an added bonus. Make sure that you aren't wearing anything too nice as far as clothing, get there early as we did, there was a long wait when we left at 6:30 pm. Also, no ice cream for dessert and they don't take American Express. All in all, a wonderful visit, it was so nice to patronize a local Mom & Pop shop that is better than every large chain with unlimited resources. The food here was just THAT GOOD. Run, don't walk to the Angry Crab Shack in Mesa.
5	I like the place when I first walked in. Seems like a very delightful casual atmosphere with large paper as place mats and dining trays. There were two wait staff which seemed to accompanying each table. Since this place is new I figure they were training but each added to the conversation of delights on the small menu. The prices were on the chalk board above us. The meals only come as 1 pound each and that is plenty. You can order mild to very hot spice for all your boiled meals. I will be going back but not ordering as much since I waddled out of there completely full and satisfied.
5	Super laid back place with fresh, simple delicious seafood!! King crab, and calamari are a must!!
4	Prepare to get messy!Simple and basic menu. Not a whole lot of choices for appetitizers. But not a big deal because it's only a matter of a few minutes that your meal is served after ordering. Very quick turnaround time from the point you order and the point of "digging in".  I ordered the King Crab with cajun seasoning and medium spice. My boyfriend got the same but shrimp instead. We both enjoyed our seafood. Delicious!  I wish they would have had some appealing sides on their menu. The ones they did have listed just sounded kinda blah. Maybe something like red beans & rice, dirty rice, fried green tomatoes, or fried okra would have gone nicely with the meal. All in all pretty good experience. The only disappointment was it took the waitress about 10 minutes to realize we were finished with our meals and still needed refills of iced tea. And then another 5 minutes to wait for the check. We will return.
4	4 stars and not 5 because I've had better. It's by far the best in the area, I especially like their tamarind seasoning. The atmosphere is hella loud. I do not get why there's a wait when there are tables available. The service is ok, though there are plenty of rooms for improvement.
5	Went here for lunch with a friend today and was very impressed. We started with the grilled oysters which were really excellent. Then I had the soft shell crab. The crab and cajun fries were awesome, the potato salad was decent. The best was the muscles 3 hot with the trifecta. Really awesome, I look forward to trying this place again soon!
4	First time eating here and we left with a very good impression about it.  Our drinks came to us soon after we sat down, I ordered the catfish and cajun fries and it was very good.  The fish was done a little softer than I like, but the flavor was there along with the fries.  My wife and daughter ordered the sliders and they couldn't stop eating them.  I am partial to Pappadeuxs, but this place still hit a homerun
5	I just went here with a friend last night after rave reviews from other friends (ample free parking, not $2.00/hr like Mill Ave)...AMAZING!  We started with charred oysters, oysters on a half shell, lightly grilled with cheese and spices on them, and they were out of this world!  The Calamari strips were unusually shaped like cheese sticks, but were delicious!  My friend had a pound of the shrimp, which was too much for one person to eat, and they were GIANT!  They heads were easily pulled off (or you can order them already beheaded) and they were easy to peel.  I had a pound of the snow crab (I could have eaten two pounds of that!).  The Trifecta seasoning is indeed the way to go and at medium heat (hot really is hot).  Our server Zoe was ON IT the entire time, from start to the extra to-go order to the check.  The flavor of the seasonings is SO GOOD you'll want to hug your server (I did)!  Sorry,  Joe's, There's a new King (crab) Of The Hill!P.S. I totally forgot to mention the $2 deserts.  We had chocolate cake and red velvet cake to go, and they were BIG pieces and excellent!  How do they do that for $2!?
4	this place was great, i got the crawfish and they were flavorful and huge.. this place is way better than joes crab shack taste and price wise.. and there are a lot of hot waitresses..
2	A couple of weeks ago, I'm at CFu Gourmet having dim sum for Sunday brunch when Ron Lee, the owner, overhears me talking about the food I had on my recent trip to New Orleans and tells me he just opened a crab boil house on Alma School and Guadalupe.Well, I've been a devotee of CFu for decades now and I know Ron and his guys certainly know their way around seafood, so I had to try it.Finally made it over there with the wife a couple of days ago.I walk in and sure enough, Ron is sitting there.  The place looks great; wood tables and benches covered in freezer paper (that'll become important later) and loads of huge flat screens everywhere.The way it works is all the seafood is sold by the pound and then you choose your seasoning and heat level.  I was dying to try the grilled oysters, which in NOLA is considered a reliable benchmark for what is to come later, but they were out of oysters. Oh well, when you're dealing in fresh seafood that happens sometimes.We ordered a pound of mussels/garlic/mild, 1lb crawfish/Cajun/medium, and 1lb of shrimp/trifecta/medium.  We also threw in a couple of potatoes, ears of corn, and some sausage.A few minutes later, the waitress brings out a bucket and sets it on the table.  I figured it's the first of three buckets, but no, in the bucket are 3 separate plastic bags with our order.  At this point, we are forced to gingerly pluck the rocket hot bags out of the buckets and carefully tear them open by hand with steam billowing out in the middle of the table.  Then it starts ...Out of the bags, this oily ooze starts spilling out.  Everywhere.  Fortunately the freezer paper on the table is waterproof and we quickly use gobs of napkins to build a dam to keep the oil river from diverting into our laps. The mussels were good (although mgmt. really needs to inform less experienced diners not to eat the ones that don't open, possible liability issue there), the shrimp was a bit overcooked and a little mushy, and the crawfish were absolutely HUGE.  While this might sound like a good thing, it actually isn't.  Crawfish are all about the tails and the huge ones have tails that aren't that much bigger than the normal ones, but of course you get fewer per pound due to the oversized bodies.  Sadly, the primary flavor of all the seafood was oily ..The sausage and potatoes were excellent, but the obviously frozen corn was waterlogged to the point where eating it was like biting into a sponge full of boiling oil.Service also needs some work.  Every TV in the place was tuned to a college baseball game but the DBacks were on.  I asked for at least 1 TV to be changed but was informed that no one knew how to work the TV system.  Given the mess that this type of eating creates, the wimpy little napkins provided are completely insufficient.  Paper towels are req'd.  If you go, you will see giant piles of napkins on every table because it takes twenty to even put a dent in the grease on your hands.  I asked our server for some paper towels only to be told no.  Paper towels are only for the hand washing station they graciously provide.Lastly, we were also served without any silverware.  While I understand the shrimp and crawfish are finger food, I didn't want to have to eat the potatoes like an apple.  It took about 15 minutes to get the tiniest, flimsiest plastic fork and knife I've ever seen.If everything had been perfect, this place would be 4 stars (5 stars is reserved for only the truly mind-blowing, life altering type meals).  Subtract one for the grease, another for the execution.That said, the concept is awesome and with a few tweaks this place could definitely be in the regular rotation ... after dim sum of course.
2	I was very disappointed with the quality of the food. The sweet potato fries was burnt and over fried. The trifecta crawfish tasted bland and lacked flavor. However, the severs and staff are friendly.
5	Been there numerous times since they've opened. The Trifecta sauce with medium heat is awesome. Seafood arrives daily from the east coast so it's tough to find anything fresher.
5	I got a good review from a friend about this place and decided to try the place. Loved it. The service was awesome and hardly any wait time on the food. We just got there just in time before the evening crowd. We ordered the snow crab trifecta seasoning. The seasoning was so good. My husband ordered a dozen oysters both half grilled and on the half shell. The oysters were small but ok. My little guy ordered the angry edamame and the edamame were kinda small. The trifecta seasoning was the best and were craving it again. It's pricy but the customer service we got and the food we will be back.
3	Have had dinner here twice. The first time had the Dungeness crab and shrimp boils.  Delicious shrimp, tasty and succulent. The crab was not as wonderful. Having been from San Francisco, we have eaten A LOT of  Dungeness crab. This was a little mushy (well more than a little). The second time here, we skipped the crab and had the shrimp boil and added the clam boil, both were very good.We will return in the future.If you decide to visit the Angry Crab, be prepared for a messy good time. Also, if you don't order carefully, you can end up packing on way too many calories!
5	Great place, great food and atmosphere.  Be prepared to get messy so don't wear white out anything new lol.
5	I will keep this review short and sweet. I like food, I like seafood. I'm from the at area and the good food at this place reminds me of home. The crab boiled in the bag is a must have, the flavor is incredible not to mention the tables settings, you literally throw your food on the table and eat. I don't care what anyone says wheatear your a kid or an adult it's always fun to eat with your hands. Please stop by.
4	Just went with a group of 12. Fun atmosphere. Food was delicious but messy! There's paper on the table & they supply bibs but be ready to get dirty. Many of us ordered the king crab, which was 3 legs for a pound. A bit pricey but it is king crab! We had the trifecta sauce & made it mild, which was delicious. Have them throw some corn, potatoes & sausage in your bag. I just wish they cracked the crab beforehand- it was actually painful trying to get the meat out of the pokey shell.
5	Had another great time at the Angry Crab Shack.  Tried the bags this time, Shrimp and Crawfish.  Much better that the fried, didn't know what I was missing.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsujkZ9t7aM
5	I can say that this is the BEST place ever. I manage to have the worst service anywhere I go and I can say that from the minute I walked in they were amazing. The food was spectacular, however if you are not a big spice person go with the Level 1 (for wimps) we had a hard time with the level 2 and we like medium wings. Everything was so fresh and wonderful. You have to try the shrimp and use the trifecta sauce. We had a fabulous waitress (Michele) that was amazing. She made recommendations that we loved and never skipped a beat, always there when we needed anything. I would say were clothes that can get dirty but if you ask for Michele she will take care of everything!!!! So if you are in the area or at least close stop in for some GREAT seafood.
4	Love love love this place! Having lived in Florida for awhile, the decor here reminds of a sea side shack back home. The sea food is so fresh, the crawfish in that medium Cajun hot sauce is to die for!! And they have PBRs for 2 bucks. Perfect summer afternoon lunch with FIFA playing in the background :) i only deleted one star for the erratic service. The waitress was super nice but kept getting our order wrong.
5	My girlfriends & I went there for the start of a girls nite out.  The aroma from the parking lot was intoxicating.  We grabbed some drinks from the bar & were seated quicker than expected.  We ordered some of everything and put it right in the middle of our table.  The King Crab & Snow Crab were unbeatable.  The oysters were fresh as can be.  The staff was energetic and fun.  The only thing I didn't get to try was the legs from a spicy creature they called Hungzilla.  Those looked awesome.     We will be coming back for sure.  The food can't be beaten and the staff was great.  Just plan on getting juice and suace all over everything.
5	Great king crab at a reasonable price. Try the Trifecta sauce with a 3 on the spice scale. Its has a bite! Great service by Autumn and the only thing you could add would be a view of the ocean.
5	The best seafood in town! Everyone loves it. Good service.  Delicious food. Great they have rice too! VERY VERY reasonable price.
4	We heard about this place from friends. How did I not know the Angry Crab existed? I am a huge Fan of shellfish and hate paying high prices for add-ins such as potatoes and vegies so that's why I got so excited to eat here. Shellfish is by the pound, you pick the seasoning and temperature. They so had a lot of fried food too. I had the king crab, mussels, fried clams and cajon fries. I wasn't too impressed with the clams as it was hard to taste any clam. The breading, however was seasoned well.  get ready to feel like your eating cake on your first birthday!!  No eating utensils or plates. Just you, a crab cracker and paper table cloth. Get ready to get really messy. When I was finished I asked for a wet wipe but our server directed me to a public washing area with two sinks. THATS what I'm talking about!!! Delicious and I can't wait to go back!
5	Going to round up to 5 stars on this fun and exciting place. Been wanting to come by here for a long time and finally made it. Even brought my better half to crack some shells and slurp down a nice plate of raw oysters.Inside is set up with everything you need to make a big mess and get crazy. The tables are covered in white butcher paper and they give you some goofy crab bibs to give your wardrobe some style. Nice!Ordered a dozen of Oysters on the half shell to start. They were delicious and came with some very spicy cocktail sauce. My wife does not usually eat oysters and she managed to eat a few and enjoyed them thoroughly.Decided get a pound of both Snow Crab and Crawfish. We did the trifecta sauce and went with a spicy level of two on the crab and a three on the crawfish. Even had them toss in a couple of the Andouille Sausages to kick things up a notch.Service was extremely friendly and most helpful. All the food we ordered was delicious and a special treat. They said that the seafood is flown in every day and that is what keeps it so fresh tasting.The menu has several other types of fish and seafood. They also have baskets of fried goodies and plenty of sides. Even saw some Alligator Gar Fish on the menu. We used to catch them in the bayou as a kid and hang the bleached jaws up as a souvenir.Should plan on taking your time and not being in a hurry. There is some effort involved in getting to the meaty parts of some of the items. They will give you the tools and even show you some helpful techniques.Definitely plan on coming back and trying out more of their catches. Be prepared to get a little saucy. It is so addictive that we could not keep our hands out of the bag. CAPTAIN ON DECK!5 STARS
4	Love this place! We came here for the Fourth of July for my husband's birthday the food was awesome way better than any other seafood we have had in AZ. They had great specials and games for the kids. My daughter won a goldfish playing balloon toss. We had so much fun and enjoyed the food we went back the next day. I got 2lbs of shrimp and was surprised they still had the heads on... freaky. Everything was awesome and the spicy level was explained well. Shout out to Autumn for making the experience even better with great service and entertaining my kids! This place lost a star due to the waiter never showing up after we got our food. Maybe it was a fluke.We will be back and give an updated review.
4	We were looking for a place to take my parents before the left to go back home.  We searched Yelp and all agreed that this place sounded good and most importantly, different.  We were very please.  We went at an off time, kind of between lunch and dinner and the place was busy, but not overly.  I had the crawfish, number 4 on the hot scale with the Cajun seasoning.  I was not disappointed at all.  My wife had the boiled shrimp with the same seasoning but a number 3.  My fault I forgot to ask for the heads to be removed and she was not to happy about that, but she was a trooper and dug in.  Again, very good.  My parents had the fried shrimp and cod baskets.  The portions were big and they both liked their choices.  Their only complaint was the Cajun seasoning on the fries (they don't do hot well).  We also had 1/2 dozen raw oysters and hushpuppies as an app.  I swear on my Yelp account (LOL) the best hushpuppies I have ever had.  The dipping sauce was very good as well.  So, 6 draft beers, 1/2 dozen oysters, order of hushpuppies, 2 lbs of crawfish, 1 lbs of shrimp, fried shrimp and cod basket plus the added sausage to two of the orders = $90 before tip.  Not bad.
4	We were looking for a place to take my parents before the left to go back home.  We searched Yelp and all agreed that this place sounded good and most importantly, different.  We were very please.  We went at an off time, kind of between lunch and dinner and the place was busy, but not overly.  I had the crawfish, number 4 on the hot scale with the Cajun seasoning.  I was not disappointed at all.  My wife had the boiled shrimp with the same seasoning but a number 3.  My fault I forgot to ask for  the heads to be removed and she was not to happy about that, but she was a trooper and dug in.  Again, very good.  My parents had the fried shrimp and cod baskets.  The portions were big and they both liked their choices.  Their only complaint was the Cajun seasoning on the fries (they don't do hot well).  We also had 1/2 dozen raw oysters and hushpuppies as an app.  I swear on my Yelp account (LOL) the best hushpuppies I have ever had.  The dipping sauce was very good as well.  So, 6 draft beers, 1/2 dozen oysters, order of hushpuppies, 2 lbs of crawfish, 1 lbs of shrimp, fried shrimp and cod basket plus the added sausage to two of the orders = $90 before tip.  Not bad.
5	Finally a great seafood experience here in the desert! Ordered the shrimp, clams, crawfish, and raw oysters. Oysters were fantastic! We ordered our boiled goodness with the trifecta and heat level 4. Level 4 = very spicy but no problem still managing to keep the flavor. Plan on getting messy here and expect a wait on the weekends! Worth the wait, we will be back.
5	My first visit was a great experience! This place has it going on with friendly and efficient workers who serve up some awesome seafood! I will definitely be back for more! :-)
4	Long wait on Saturday night but worth it!.  Drinks are strong ( and too sweet just like NOLA) and the sauces are oily, spicy, and absolutely delicious.  We has crawfish, oysters , and lobster.  The fried food were overly fried but the rest was a messy delight.
3	Great atmosphere and wonderful staff. I ordered the shrimp po boy but was extremely disappointed. Tiny piece of shrimp, bland flavor, wouldn't order it again. Because Az lacks good seafood, I am going to try once more with what they're famous for, by the pound seafood. Try this spot, just don't order the po boy.
4	Just had dinner at Angry Crab for the first time and loved it!   Our server Noel was awesome.  He talked us through the menu and explained everything.  We went with a $20 deal that included 1/2 lb each of king crab knuckles, Dungeness crab, crawfish and vegetables.   We also ordered another bag with blue crab.  Just an FYI: this stuff is spicy!  I love spicy food and ordered a 3 and 4 and wished that I had gone with a 2 at least!  My mouth was on fire!Noel was amazing.  Constantly checked on us. Brought everything out quickly and cleared the table as we ate.  Even brought crayons out for the kids to draw on the butcher paper table covering.  He really made our first experience at Angry Crab something to remember.   Super friendly and extremely knowledgable about the menu.  Steered us toward ordering the right things for our tastes.   The only reason this place got 4 stars and not 5 was the value.  It's a bit expensive for what you get, but definitely delicious!A couple of tips:This is a meal where you will literally get your hands dirty.  Don't be shy about wearing the plastic bibs.  You will definitely need it!The French fries are delicious and help if your mouth is on fire from the spicy food.  Not a first date place.   No plates or utensils so you will be using your hands to eat and the entire table is your plate.  The atmosphere is fun and casual.  Say hi to Noel if you go in. Enjoy the laid back atmosphere and be prepared for a unique experience!
3	Started off great but waitress and cooks messed up the order simple 2 lbs craw trifecta and some corn , sausage and potatoes pretty basic .  they forgot the corn potatoes and sausage so I thought maybe come separate but of course our waitress never came back had to call her and ask she then said do you still want or cancel ..lol  wow that's part of the experience in showing my son how its done . she then brought back a back with stuff in it no sauce come on boiled with no flavor . all in all spoke to management and colin made it right and comp the meal . we haven't been back since but the food from what we tried was pretty good .. bad service and mistakes a definte .. oh ya lets not say they where busy only about 10 people in and the time ..
4	Great, great seafood.  I live at Tatum & Shea and heard about it and had to try.  There is nothing like it in our area.  The drive was well worth it.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the service was a little lacking.  They didn't seem to have enough wait staff the night we were there which was a Thursday.  Going to try it again this weekend and hope for the same great food.
4	Seafood drowning in spicy lemon garlic butter. Yes Please. Not sure what else needs to be said. Just be prepared to get messy.
5	I love this place. It's just like boiling crab without the long wait for a table. Unfortunately for me it's 400 miles from home. I'll stop by everytime I'm in Mesa.I love the Mexican Coke.
3	I was a little disappointed. I knew crab wouldn't be fresh but I expected at least grocery store quality.  We had a dozen oysters, which were good, large, fresh tasting although a little skimpy with the sauce.  I had the snow crab as they were out of blue crab and several other things.  It was dried and salty, just like the week old frozen stuff at the grocery store.  I'm not a big eater but I left hungry and at 15 dollars for an entree  I should have at least been a little satisfied.   I gave them 3 stars because everyone else's food looked great.  Cat fish at the next table looked very good and satisfying, dungeness  crab looked good too.  I think if I ever go back I will just get the fish.  But, it's a long way to go for me and there are half  a dozen places between here and there that have good fish.  I was going for the shellfish.  I was really hoping this place would be good, rats.
4	Love this place! Service us always great even when they are super busy! I am not one for spicy but I love the trifecta mild and it's kinda spicy for me! Just got back from there a little bit ago. They definitely need a seating area for people waiting! We were seated at. The table right by the door and when it started to get busy people were standing with their asses practically in our face so we took our food home!
3	I wanted to love this place.  I so badly wanted to love this place so I would only have to drive like .75mi down the road and park for free to get my crawfish fix.  And with a heavy heart and a grumbly tummy, I will write my review.Mr. W. and I decided that after putting it off for like half a year, we were finally gonna try Angry Crab Shack tonight.  Yahoo!  So I took off all unnecessary arm candy, tied my hair up, and tossed on an outfit that I wouldn't mind getting dirty.  I'm not one of those fancy girls that can eat impeccably without making a mess.  I get down and dirty with my food.  I keep it real!  By 5pm, we were in the car and headed over to Angry Crab.  We told ourselves that we won't compare it to the other place in town with the crawfish boil and that we'll try not to be biased.  For the most part, we kept to it until we were seated in a graffiti'd-covered booth and were told they didn't have any blue crab, clams, and crawfish for the night.  No crawfish!?  Why did they wait until we were seated to say that!?  Since we were already seated and shown the menus, we decided we'll go ahead and try some other items.  After months of already wanting to try this place and creeping on all you Yelpers' reviews, I already knew I wanted to try the Trifecta sauce and the Lemon Pepper.  We got 1 lb. of lemon pepper shrimp, 1 lb. of trifecta mussels, frog legs appetizers, and some alligator [tail meat] with Cajun fries and potato salad.  The Good:  The frog legs were meaty, juicy, and tasted like chicken.  They were coated and fried --- can't really mess up on this.  The alligator was prepared the same and got the same breading treatment and came with the same dip.  There were thick pieces of alligator and they were really meaty and chewy.  I was surprised and I enjoyed it even though it started feeling too fatty after the second piece.  The Cajun fries with the dip though --- amazing~!  I think I loved the fries the most.  I did find the hand cleaning station outside the bathrooms to be a nice touch until I looked to my left and noticed I was right by two giant trashcans full of bits  and pieces from other people's lunch and dinner.  Sexy.The Bad:  The pound of lemon pepper shrimp first.  Head-on shrimps tend to deteriorate fast.  Sad but a fact.  As soon as I picked up a shrimp, the head just fell off and collapsed in on itself n the table in front of me.  I was mortified.  A whole pound of mushy shrimp just floating about in a sea of flavorless oil.  The lemon pepper sauce just seemed to be pure oil with no flavor.  Not even squeezing more fresh lemon helped.  Skip.  Pass.  While the mussel sizes ranged from tiny to average whatever, once again the sauce consisted of bland oily muck.  I know it had to have flavor in there somewhere since there's a faint garlic aftertaste and garlicy smell on my hands but it just wasn't there when you actually dip the mussel meat into the sauce.  I miss seeing ingredients and garlic floating in the sauce like that other place we have here...  Another bad thing about the mussels were that we actually had quite a few that were closed and wouldn't open.  Nothing like chucking $20 away on dead seafood.  And holy moley, all that oil!  When we shoved the bags into the pails to clean up, there was just so much oil left on the table.  How did it go -through- the plastic bag!?The Ugly [Truth]:  Like I said, I wanted to love you, Angry Crab, but I think I'll stick with HnJ.  It all spiraled from not having crawfish stocked and shame on you for not telling people in advance [especially since there was a huge waiting list and line by the time we were done].  I am now eating leftovers from the other night because I didn't eat much after the whole heads-falling-off bit.  Shrimp heads fallin' off... ain't nobody got time for that!  Also, Mr. W., who has the stomach of a destruct-proof vault, is now suffering away with a stomachache.  I'm actually surprised because I'm the one with the much weaker and more sensitive tummy.  Anyways, kudos for those who love this joint and never had a bad experience.  I hope you never will!  Just don't stone me when I go to HnJ.  Joyce W. out!__________________________Side-note:  I was actually contacted on my Instagram post (it was a selfie with a picture of a shrimp and me expressing my sadness over no crawfish) by the owner to e-mail him back to be his "guest" this week since they're getting more crawfish.  I'm not sure if he read this review but I thought it was very kind of him and wanted to put a note on this review.  I admire how on-point he is about social media and feedback and how AC shows great pride in their product.
4	We got off to a rough start. Frankly, after reading several reviews about slow or bad service, I was pretty critical about the service. After sitting at the table for several minutes a sever, who said he was not our server, came for our drink order - and we put in the kids order at the same time. We got our drinks and continued to sit and wait for a good 15 minutes, apparently in some sort of serverless black hole. No one would make eye contact and pretty much just rushed around attending to other things. Finally, the gentleman who took our drink order noticed that we were still sitting with menus in front of us, and my father-in-laws beer was empty. He was seen talking to a server and that server came over to start helping us. I don't remember her name but once she realized we were her table she was very attentive from that point. They were running a special, 1/2 Dungeness crab, 1/2 lb king crab and one blue crab with veggies for $20. That sounded good, so my FIL and I both ordered that, along with one pound of headless shrimp for my husband. Sadly, by the time the server put the order in there was only one special left. My FIL let me have it and ordered a fish basket. All the food was very good! We had edemame, hush puppies, kids chicken and fries, oysters on the half, the crab special (trifecta, level 3), shrimp (trifecta, level 3) and the fish basket. I was great with the trifecta at level 3, my husband will go with level 4 next visit. The food just kept coming, and we all left stuffed. It was my birthday so the server even finished us up with a big piece of chocolate cake. We will go earlier next time, they were out of crawfish and the special by the time we went around 7.
5	This place is awesome!! Fun atmosphere and great service!! We got the king crab legs with sausage, hush puppies, and Cajun fries. Everything was awesome!! Can't wait to go back!
5	Wow...we finally tried this place and it's phenomenal!Traditional seafood boils, plastic baggies, no dishes, just ol' bay and big ol' mess. What out for the spices, they can add up and make sure you order one of everything on the menu...at least once!
4	I'll be honest I would have rated this joint a 5, but the service was so shitty. Took some a half hour to take our order, Had to get up twice to get someone to fill our drinks or being us other things. The reason this gets a 4 is because the food was hands down the best crab I've ever had. The spices were so delicious. I will be making many frequent trips in the near future. Hopefully the service will be better in the future.
5	Dear Angry Crab,Specifically, Ms. Autumn (the owner) and Tyson (our server),You guys went above and beyond for us. And I want to take the time to thank you.I called them on Thursday to see if I could possibly make a reservation for Friday due to my boyfriend's mother being elderly (83) and a cancer survivor who cannot stand for long periods of time. They do not take reservations. But the owner came to our rescue and accommodated our request. We "reserved" a table for Friday at 6. We were sat by 6:10 p.m. The place was packed. They completely jumped through hoops for us. Our server was a darling gentleman named Tyson. ABSOLUTELY fantastic! (Although Autumn did promise we won't have to be tortured by him next time :) ) This place was PACKED! People running around, trying to take care of everyone, trying to serve everyone... craziness. The thing I noticed was EVERYONE was smiling, laughing, enjoying every minute (try finding that on a busy Friday night!)  We chatted with the people sitting next to us (both when we briefly waited for our table and when we were seated at our table) and the atmosphere was just one of pure enjoyment and laughter. The food was above and beyond. We ordered oysters, we ordered king crab... we ordered dungeoness crab... it was just absolutely delicious! Ooooh.......... get the damn hush puppies!!! YUM! We ordered it at "level 4" which was perfect for us. We LOVE HOT! But the level 5 was just hot... 4 was much more flavorful. I NEVER give 5 stars... but I promise you, this place is worth every one of them. PLUS, locally owned and operated, which is hard to find in Chandler, Arizona. We will be back. Again and again! Consider yourself warned Angry Crab.......... you have created monsters! Soooooooooooooo good!!!! And such awesome service!!
4	After knowing that ACS had been open since last September, we finally managed to get over and give it a try. It is in a beautifully-exteriored restaurant with tons of misters flowing freely. The building is kind of an orange-ish color with white accent doors, which is a cool look. We walked in and saw that there was a full bar over to the right and tons of open dining space to the left. After being seated promptly the server took our drink order, the wife had a Coors Light on tap and I had the Hurricane, which was pretty tasty, although in a plastic cup. The theme they were going for was really a really casual seafood restaurant, and it actually works, hence the name "Shack".For appetizers we had the Calamari and the Frog Legs. The Calamari looked more like traditional cheese sticks than the round rings I had been accustomed to, so through me for a loop, but they were definitely decent. The Frog Legs were really delicious, however i would like to note that it all was a result of the incredible breading. If I happened to catch a bit of just the meat itself, it was quite bland.The entrees we ordered were the King Crab and the Catfish. The wife really enjoyed her Catfish and I my King Crab. I will say that the Cajun flavoring with the King Crab was a good combination, I just struggled a bit with opening up the legs (King Crab are the kind that have sharp points all over). The corn bread was really delicious , and a nice addition to their menu.We brought our 2 boys, aged 10 and 4, and our older son wanted to swap out his entree because he thought it would be something else (nothing negative about the restaurant for this, just his perception of what he thought he was going to get). Our waitress Maddie seemed confused at the idea of swapping out our kid's entree, so we just told her that we would add/pay for a 2nd one.For dessert we had the Cheesecake and Chocolate Cake. They were decent, nothing special, but good.The tab was $92 plus tip. For 2 adults and 2 kids who ordered 2 alcoholic beverages, 2 appetizers, 2 desserts, 5 meals, we were happy with the tab overall.When we left at 6:15pm on a Friday night they were quoting a 35-40 minute wait.
4	It's good, don't get me wrong. We got a trifecta king crab- with potatos and sausage. We also got an order of the cod fish and chips. The cod was to die for. Not a place for a first date. You will get messy and squirt food juice all over! Spicy. We got #2 and whoa. It was hot. Really really great service.
5	I'm grew up in New Orleans and I can honestly say that this place feels like home. From the atmosphere to the food and even down to the music. I love this place! It's like my home away from home. The owners are also really sweet and Autum, the owner's wife, is always here greeting people and even waiting on tables. The food is amazing and the service is even better! I recommend this place to everyone.
5	If you haven't been to the Angry Crab yet, and you enjoy seafood... you.are.missing.out. Some friends and I headed over here for my birthday this year and it was fantastic! Don't think this is any ordinary seafood joint... you're gonna have to get down and dirty to enjoy your food, as no utensils are given to you. Somehow, it makes it that much more of an experience! I would highly recommend the crab legs and the shrimp! YUM!
4	The first word that comes to mind about this restaurant is YUM! If you love seafood and like spice and don't mind getting a bit messy, then this is the place for you.Companion and I were seated immediately, and were given a list of current available seafood and prices. All seafood is sold by the pound.I started with a dozen oysters on the half shell, and companion started with the cooked oysters. The oysters were adequate and large, but nothing to write home about. Some kumomoto oysters would have been perfedt.We ordered a pound of shrimp, a pound of blue crabs, and a pound of mussels. We also ordered corn on the cob and sausage as well. Unfortunately, they were sold out of mud bugs (crawfish) and clams, so they will have to wait for the next trip.They offer 5 different sauces and 5 levels of heat ranging from nothing at all, to a mouth blistering inferno of spice that I don't know anyone that can finish it.In a reasonable amount of time our waitress brought us bibs (be sure to wear one and old clothes if you have them), and a plastic bag filled with shrimp and loads of sauce. The shrimp come with heads and shell on. Following normal New Orleans style, you pinch the had off (just like a crawfish), and suck the wonderful juices out. Next, came the shrimp itself. Companion opted to remove the shell, and I opted to eat the shell and all. The shrimp were perfectly cooked, big and succulent and dripping with the wonderful sauce. By the time we finished the first bag of food we were already starting to get messy, but with food this good, who cares?Next came the crabs. Two crabs weighed a pound, which tells you they were really big blue crabs. As with the shrimp, they too were wonderful, and I had fun picking all the morsels of meat out of the various nooks and crannies. We took a break from the seafood to eat the corn. It too had been swimming in a pool of the sauce, and was a real experience to eat. We also ate the sausage at this time, and I could have cheerfully made a meal just out of that.Lastly, came the sack of mussels. Probably the best mussels I have ever eaten. Moist, succulent and floating in that wonderful sauce, it was a true experience to eat them. Although we were stuffed, we opted to have dessert, and while they were not at the same level as the rest of the meal, they were satisfying and tasty, especially the cheesecake.The place was clean, tables were bussed quickly, and our waitress was attentive to our needs. I can't wait to go back again.4 stars for quality, quantity, and cleanliness
4	Lobsters are big, crabs are big, shrimps are spicy, what more can I say, I got the flavor lingering in my mouth for a couple of days. The only issue is the price! I may come next time at a better season for seafood!
4	Place is very good.. the staff is not the best and lacks training but the food makes up for it. Price is good and the serving is not bad..definite ly worth checking out if you are a seafood lover.
4	Wow, this was really good.  Absolutely loved the shrimp!  The Dungeoness crab was good, too, but quite a bit of work to get through.  The breaded soft-shell crab suited the kids who were with us that evening. The only downside was that the blue crab and clams were not available that night.  Guess will have to come back to try!
5	This place was pretty amazing! Love the food and the prices were decent for what you are getting.
4	Tried this place for the first time with a friend last night.  Very casual and very busy!  Our server, Rachael was awesome!  She knew this place and it's menu backwards and forwards!  We ordered oysters on the half shell, calamari sticks, and cod fish and chips.  The oyster were extremely fresh and delicious.  The large calamari was hot and the sauce was point on!  The fish and chips was the best I've had in a while.  Granted, it's the desert and great here is only okay in other areas, I'll be back for more!  The filet's (3) were shaped more like a jumbo hot dog, but the fish itself was really good.  The breading was light and crunchy.  The fries were more than you can eat.  My only complaint was the cole slaw was dry and tasteless and I wish the drinks came in something other than a paper cup.  Total tab for 1/2 doz. oysters, fried calamari, and 2 cod and fries baskets was just under $38 which included 2 Bud lights.  I will definitely be going back.
5	Worth every penny.  Best dungeness and king crab, shrimp and sausage I've had in AZ...that's not difficult to do.  I've had all the above in MD, FL, NJ and NY and this rivals all of it.  Run.  Do not walk here.
4	We had an absolutely perfect meal.  The service was impeccable.  Our server, Rachel, took the time to help us with every item.  I am a seafood connoisseur and usually travel to Florida for it.  The King Crab, Dungeoness and Shrimp were perfection.  Don't miss the Cajun fries either.    Go, now!  This is a must for seafood lovers.
5	Lot of boiling crab type spots in Vegas and OC. This place is on point with all of them.Was seated  right away. Another person came over to get me started while the infamous Noel from other reviews was busy. So I tried the hurricane. Nice. After that Noel took over and the rest was history. King crab legs , potatoes , corn, & sausage. Trifecta sauce at a three and it was on. All crab ,potatoes, and corn gone. Got the sauce and some sausage for fried rice tomorrow plus two cookies. The atmosphere is exactly what I expected , low key seafood shack. I will be back on a regular basis as long as they keep up the good service and great food.  Noel definitely  deserves his good reputation as does the rest of the staff.
2	First time I went to eat at Angry Crab Shack was with my family. Of course I didn't know what to expect since I've never experience a messy eating type of food place.  Overall, the food was good and service was decent. Just a month ago I went to Cali  with some friends and for the first time ate at Boiling Crab. I didn't want to compare Angry Crab Shack to Boiling Crab but I never realized how different it was after coming back a second time to Angry Crab Shack. I went to dinner at Angry Crab Shack and went with friends this time but It wasn't as great as the first since now I know what to expect. The wait is always going to take forever but when we were finally getting ready to be seated we noticed that they were out of a few selection of food. So, that sucks. We ordered 1lb of Trifecta- king crab legs, blue  crab, shrimp, oysters, mussels, and cajun fries. When we got our food we couldn't help but notice how oily and flavorless the sauce was. And yes, since we live in the desert I guess its a given that seafood are not as fresh as we want it to be. We didn't get lime + pepper&salt till a little later on after we got some of the food we ordered. It took almost till we were done eating with everything else before the fries was brought to the table. We were told that one of their fryers were broken and that's why it took a little longer for the fries to come out and that there were others who are waiting for it too. Yet, the people next to our table that was sat a little later after us got their fries in time before their main food was brought out. Hmmm, wonder how that happened. The waitresses were nice and service was okay but it could have been better. I know at places like this its expected for it to be a really busy environment but it felt a little too chaotic and unorganized I think. If you're going to wait for an hour or more at least make the food worth the wait. I'm not mean I swear or trying to bash on the place completely. I'm sure its the best were gonna get living out here in Az  that's close to the same idea of Boiling Crab. Overall, Angry Crab Shack is alright.
5	Yum. My. Such a fun atmosphere, oh, and the food is amazing, too. We ordered a lb of king crab and a lb of shrimp. Both in the Trifecta seasoning in "medium" heat. The crab was so good, sweet and tender, the best I've had. The shrimp was great, not over cooked at all. I will say, the medium was pretty damn hot, and that's coming from 2 native Arizonans who are used to heat. Be careful with the heat. Overall, a great experience, we will definitely be back!!
5	Lobster, blue crabs, and king crab were amazing! I believe out server was Liz, great job! Very friendly and attentive! Will definitely be back! Hopefully next time they'll have crawfish! Yum!
5	I have been to this place about once a month since they've opened and watched the decor improve with every visit.  The one thing that hasn't changed is the GREAT food!  I have never had a less than awesome  meal at this gem.  The servers are all very friendly and work hard at the busiest times, which I can appreciate.  The owner is always available and will do whatever it takes to help. I have sent many new people here because I love it that much.  Keep up the fantastic work!!
5	Fresh seafood in the desert at affordable prices?  Yes please! This place won't disappoint. Ambience and service is great too. We tried the lobster, mussels, clams and the catfish. Everything was tasty. Can't wait to go back
3	This place is fun. The fish was good and the ambiance very casual. You feel like you are near the beach while you eat on picnic tables and have paper place mats. You can buy the crabs, crawfish, or whatever, in bulk so you can take it home to your own party. We stopped by for an early dinner and it wasn't crowded, but I can tell this place rocks on weekends.
5	I am from the coast of South Carolina, so I have high expectations of coastal fare... Angry Crab did NOT disappoint. I had the snow crab legs and mussels with trifecta sauce... and they were sooooo fresh and delicious. Also had the corn on the cob and fries, which were zesty and yummy, too. Our server was super enthusiastic - hilariously so - about describing the menu offerings and how it all works. Apparently, they fly in Alaskan seafood every day! Well, I could tell. I can't wait to go back. I'm pacing myself so I don't become addicted. Lol.
5	I have officially found my new go to for crab and oysters!  Prices are reasonable,  selection is broad and the spice was amazing (for those who can handle it)!!  Left very very satisfied. :-)
5	This was the best crab and shrimp!! Be prepared to get dirty, it is sooooo yummy!!! :-)
4	my wife has been raving about this place so we drove from our enclave here in scottsdale. it reminds me of some crab shacks i use to eat at around coastal georgia, except with a bit more clothed customers. we did have to wait about 30 minutes for a table. so you basically order by the pound of whatever seafood you desire...mussels, clams, lobster, blue crab, dungeness crab, king/snow crab, etc. They steam it, dump it in a bag with a sauce of your desire, and with a hotness of your desire. you can "add on" in the bag corn, sausage or potatoes for extra money. they bring it to your butcher paper covered table and you go at it! hands digging and clawing to all the tasty goodness. they have french fries, wings, and even dessert. prices for the cheapest, shrimp, are 8 bucks/pd, up to 15-20 bucks/pd for the crab. consider that the unedible parts of the crab/shrimp/crawfish/etc are part of the "pound" so unless you're not very hungry, you will probably have to order more than one pound (or else fill up on french fries). there are alcoholic options for imbibing. our server tonight seemed a bit over stretched with customers, and i left feeling hungry after a pound of clams. the food was tasty though, and it was packed with customers. one thing i feel totally weird about overall though?....yes, this is a "beach themed" restaurant, but it is totally not appropriate for hairy chested old men to be eating here with their tommy bahama shirts full unbuttoned! panama city beach and key west are the only places in the USA where that should be tolerated.....overall though, good food and friendly service.
4	This was no Boiling Crab, but it came pretty close! Our waitress was extremely nice. She made sure our table was well taken care of and that our drinks were always filled. The ambiance of the place was very casual and comfortable. It was a very clean place where I felt comfortable enough to roll up my sleeves and dig in with my hands! They have two sinks located outside of their restrooms which made it even more convenient.  We didn't have to stand in long bathroom lines. The food was very good. The sauce was excellent, but could have used some more garlic. I ordered a pound of shrimp in the trifecta sauce with corn and cornbread on the side. The cornbread was very moist and delicious. My friends ordered Cajun fries which were made very well with the right amount of seasoning. The shrimp didn't taste very fresh, but what could they have done...? We live in Arizona, not the coast!
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place! It has quickly jumped to the top of my favorite places to eat in the Valley, and my husband and I have been here 3 times in the past 2 months! We are big seafood fans and are so excited to find a place that's fun, delicious and close to home!Here are a few of my tips-- Don't wear anything you can't bear to stain...chances are you may be wearing some of your dinner by the end of the night even with the bibs they provide you (totally worth it). -Order the charred oysters- TRUST. They are amazing; best oysters I've ever had.-Trifecta everything. You'll understand that once you go.  -The Clams are excellent! However our last trip they were sold out (so disappointing). It's not uncommon for them to run out of certain things, so if that's a deal-breaker for you, call ahead before you go! -The King Crab is amazing...you get a lot of meat and I find them fun to crack and eat. The Snow Crab is good too, but it's a lot of work for less meat (but less money). Both are great though. -The Shrimp is a great value! They are big, flavorful, you can't go wrong for the price. -The Lobster I wouldn't recommend. Not that it wasn't good, but remember you're paying in weight here, so at $17 a pound, the lobster that came out was almost 2.5 pounds, that's an almost $50 lobster, and about 1/2 of it you don't eat (the head, guts, shells, legs etc). It's a waste of money in my honest opinion. -The drinks are excellent. We like the Mule and the Tropical one... I can't think of the real name. Great beers on tap too. -Take advantage of their cheap prices to add a little 1/2 ear of corn ($.75 ea) and 4 generous pieces of sausage ($1.25) to your bags! They have potatoes too. It's a great way to make sure you're full for cheap. All in all, great place, fun atmosphere, EXCELLENT food! If you're serious about your seafood fix, don't expect to eat cheap here, but do expect to leave satisfied, mentally wondering as you walk to your car if it's too soon to ask your husband when your next visit will be....  ;)
4	I went here for my birthday instead of boiling my own crab at home or going to Joe's crab shack and was not disappointed. When I first arrived there was about a 20 minute wait and no where to sit to wait besides outside. The restaurant is not very big so a big party takes up 3-4 of the 20 tables available.( I would not recommend a large group) So that was a problem considering I was with my family and my grandma can't stand for very long. It was also extremely hot!!! We were sweating before we got seated. It was humid even when we got to our table. NO JACKETS ARE NEEDED AT THIS RESTAURANT. A waitress came over to tell us that she will start drinks while our waitress can get around to us. She explained the menu got us our drinks and then passed us on to our assigned waitress. OK that was not a big deal. It took our actual waitress about 25 minutes to come over to our table to take our order. I was starving. We ordered and our food came out not long after but it did not come out all at once. The lobster came out about 15 minutes after my 2 pounds of snow crab legs did and they could not find enough utensils for my table or the table next to us. For a seafood restaurant they should have enough crackers/rocks to open the shell to eat the food. The food was amazing!! I think the taste was the only thing that turned this expieriance from a one star to a four star and I am being very generous when I give it four stars. It was normal price for seafood but not as expensive as it could have been. Overall every one was friendly but it just seemed like they were not prepared for a busy night. Overall I will go back but ask for a different waitress this time.
4	Very yummy Cajun food. The trifecta shrimp and Cajun fries were awesome. Definitely ask for salt, pepper,  and lime to dip the shrimp. PS.... prepare to work for your food.
5	Definitely pricey, but it was oh so fun ripping the bag open and pulling out our crab and clams. The clams were perhaps the best I've ever had. Very sweet and tender! We got a whole crab and when it was time to eat the body, the server was kind enough to put gloves on and help us out. He showed us which parts were edible.My toddler loved the fried fish basket. We also got some red potatoes which were a cost-effective way to stretch the meal. And they allowed us to really taste the spices. Next time we have a hankering for seafood that tastes like we're on the coast, we can head here.
5	Went early Saturday evening, got seated right away. Food was awesome, couple pounds of king crab and a lb of shrimp, Cajun fries and hushpuppies. Service was great, food was amazing, can't wait to come back!
2	I don't think the raves on this place match anything I experienced.  The wait staff was confused and it took forever to get an order in.  They were out of everything I wanted to eat.  I settled for raw oysters and the staff didn't know how to explain the catch.  They were creamy.  I don't prefer creamy raw.  So then I ordered the calamari and it was tasteless. The cocktail sauce tasted like ketchup. The tarter sauce it came with was so weird I got scared and asked if it was rancid.    They checked and said it had a ton of pickle in it it.  Ick.. It's expensive too. Won't be back.
5	Great place!   Very busy on a Sat night.  20 min wait, but once we got in service was FAST.  Very helpful and friendly staff.   Food was great too... Try the chargrilled oysters!   We will be back.
4	This place is the bomb.  We bring all our visitors here.  They have good fresh seafood at very reasonable prices.  We like to get the trifecta seasoning mild.  You go here for the food and the fun environment.  I have been several times and will be back several times.
5	Great food. Great atmosphere.  Service was top notch. It is definitely a new favorite we will be back for sure. The crawfish is excellent and the crab legs were some of the best I've had
5	This place is awesome, I enjoyed the excellent quality food, the service was awesome , happy servers= happy customers, thanks Natasha for make this a great experience. ..
5	First time here!! Trifecta def the bomb!! Did muscles and king crab. Be sure to ask for tools! Those king crab outter shells will rip you up. The scizzors are the best.Also added the sausage and potatoes. ...man an awesome addition with that seasoning. Tried some hush puppies.  All good. The only miss was the corn bread. Flat and too much honey. Not cakey/fluffy at all.We will be back... ;-D
5	Wow, that's about all I can say is "WoW" prices aren't for the faint of heart but food is for the soul. The trifecta sauces are da bomb. The only way to go. We did the medium heat which realistically was a tad much. We will be sure to go down a level next time. This is my new favorite place. I have known about this place for a couple of years just never got around to coming here. Will be sure to rectify this in the future. Enjoy!
5	Is it tomorrow yet, so I can go back?! Seriously, that's how much I loved this place. Hubs and I went in tonight (Thursday) around 5:30. There wasn't a wait, but most of the tables/booths were full already. We ended up being seated at a tiny table smack dab in the middle of the room, which was kind of annoying, but whatevs. Our server was friendly, and she made sure to check on us throughout the meal. We ordered the calamari strips, cajun fries, a pound of shrimp with trifecta seasoning/level 3 spice for me, pound of shrimp with trifecta seasoning/level 2 and king crab legs with garlic seasoning/level 3 for hubs. We opted out of wearing the plastic bibs, but I made sure to wear a black tee that I don't wear often enough to care if it got splattered with shrimpy goodness. Just rolling down the bag in order to get to the shrimp got me messy. It was then that my OCD kicked in and I was sure that I would hate the rest of the experience. Holy crap was I wrong. Yes it takes some work to get to your food, but it is SO worth it. Tear that head off the shrimp, suck down the juice, then go to town on getting the shell off, proceed to dunk your fingers in the sauce at the bottom and get a nice coating on the shrimp and all your cares of getting messy and if anyone is staring at you go out the window. Hubs was surprised at how much I loved the meal. With the appetizers, I definitely wasn't able to finish all my shrimp, but that just means I get to savor it again for lunch tomorrow! I immediately called my mom when we got home and told her we HAVE to take her and my dad there next time they're on our side of town. I really wish they were coming over this weekend, so we can go back. Two very messy thumbs up!
5	A couple of friends wanted to triple date and suggested this place.  I reminded myself to bring my expectations down as we were regulars at the famous boiling crab in OC/LA.  The initial experience was the same, no utensils, a big white paper and a bucket for the shells.  We got the trifecta with blue crab, crawfish, and wanted clam (they were out :( boooooo ).  The crawfish was HUGE and so tasty, the sauce was perfect even better than the one were use to.. less butter more flavor!  The blue crab was good.. if you were able to get any meat out but it is not their fault.  Blue crab is difficult to eat to begin with.  The waitress was friendly, food was good, we will be back for more! Hopefully they have some clam this time !
4	Awesome and very tasty seafood! Gets busy so show up early and try one of their drinks too. Tried the new pacific curry but I would say the Trifecta seasoning is still the best!
4	Everyone should try the Angry Crab at least once.  Seated after a twenty-five minute wait that went pretty fast.  The service was pretty good for a packed restaurant.   Very positive vibe from both the staff and other patrons.  Fun place. The crabs and shrimp were absolutely delicious.   The corn and fries were good too.  A couple of disappointments would be they were out of cornbread (early Saturday?) and the coleslaw had zero taste and was, in my opinion, inedible.  A great restaurant and I look forward to a return visit.
3	My wife and I tried the Angry Crab today and found most of the food to be good but nothing outstanding or eventful. We had crawfish, blue crab, roast oysters, sausage and potatoes along with Abita Purple Haze draft. We liked the blend of seasonings at a mild level, but found most everything to be overcooked and mushy except the sausage and potatoes. Mushy crab really isn't appealing along with tiny roast oysters. Service was excellent and prompt though which enhanced the dining experience. I'm certain we'll try again since the Angry Crab itself was a fun place to dine, reminds you of bayou backwater type places with uplifting music and down home hospitality. Saw plenty of families and groups of friends gathered feasting and hanging for the afternoon.
4	Let me start by saying "holy cow!!" This was our first time here.  We had the king crab, shrimp, mussels & crawfish. All were medium spiced (a bit on the mild side) and trifecta. We also had hush puppies, onion rings, fries & fried calamari. The king crab and calamari were the favorites at our table. The hush puppies were tasty and moist. We ordered corn bread, but they were out (noon on a Sunday? Wow) The service was very good but the food came out in odd spurts and we did have to ask for missing items. It is a lot of fun and really messy! The hand washing stations are a cool benefit!
5	Wonderful joint with the best shrimp boil outside the bayou. Don't forget to add sausage and corn to your bag. You should order NOLA's finest brew, Abita Purple Haze, to wash it all down. My sweetie loved her mussels too! Amazing and friendly staff topped of a perfect and fun time out!
5	I was here for dinner last night, was not planning on coming here but I didn't like Joe's Crab Shack and I found this little place on yelp, it was to die for....
4	Pretty amazing seafood! Great flavoring. Good selection. Best cajun seafood in Phoenix metro. Can get a little pricey. Would definitely go back.
5	Born & raised in Cali Im used to the best seafood there is! I was bummed to know AZ didn't have a BC... In search of sum thing similar we found this place and OMG so glad we did!!!! We were seated immediately (No waiting time) our server Tyson was great but the shrimp & king crab was absolutely finger licking good! It was as if i was back in Cali!!!  I MUST BE BACK!!!!!
4	As much as I LOVE this place, (I visit a least once a month and it's 25 miles out of the way) I can't give it more than 4 stars. The trifecta sauce is the only way to have it! Absolutely deliciousness! It's messy, fun, and yummy! There is always a decent crowd, so if you go on the weekend, expect a wait. I try to visit during the evenings during the week. The reason for the 4 stars is the menu is limited, the fried menu is "ok," the rice is a little hard...I've ordered rice several times here and it's never done right. They should add some crab dip, crab cakes, or crab chowder to the menu. Seafood is rare in AZ, so it would be an absolute hit! This place will always be a favorite of mine!
4	We have ate at the Angry Crab a few times now and will continue to go back. Most of our meals have been great and since it's hard to find good seafood in AZ this place is one of the better options. Make sure to order the trifecta - it's addicting!  Service and food quality is better during the week when it's less busy so come early.
5	I went in, skeptically, along with my sister, neither of us having ever eaten crab before. Now it's our favorite place to eat and we're always looking for reasons (excuses) to go back and treat ourselves.I absolutely love getting a pound of snow crab and a pound of king crab. Sure, your hands get totally messy, but there are sinks just chillin' out where you eat, so washing your hands doesn't require you to touch anything. It's quite convenient.The crab is super tasty, and I want it right now as I write this at work, but alas today I'll settle for something not nearly as yummy.
5	Man, I have been wanting to try a "Hot & Juicy", "Boiling Crab", or now "Angry Crab" -style place for years. My mom actually suggested this place & my brother had been here a few times already. I was sold when I got on Yelp! & saw what it was.First off, it was Saturday night around 8:00pm. It was packed. You could see pulling up. What do you expect of a good restaurant tho? We walked in, put our name in & they said a one hour wait. We didn't exactly wait that long, but... We did wait. I never thought I would see the day that my parents were wearing bibs, eating out of plastic bags tossed on the table, or my mom grabbing french fries & tossing them on the table in front of me... Oh, & no flatware! We got the lobster, head off shrimp, mussels, king crab legs, raw oysters, charred oysters, fried calamari, corn, potatoes, rice, & my brother w| a buffalo chicken sandwich. The different flavors that I ordered were; trifecta, garlic & lemon pepper. All at a heat of 2. I definitely felt the heat. I loved the garlic flavor the most, but they say trifecta is the most popular. I wasn't sure how the potatoes came, so I ordered 2. Heads up, they are two tiny potatoes. I thought it would be two potatoes cut up. It wasn't a big deal tho. The food was fabulous. The service was incredible & the price was more than reasonable. I couldn't believe it w| I saw the bill. Under $200 for everything. It is messy, but I feel like people should understand that when they come inAlso, all the seafood comes in tact. If you order lobster, you will get the whole lobster & a rock to smash it apart. Unless you wanna be like me & ask the waiters to do everything for you. :-) LOL! I'll definitely come back.
3	The original review was written a relatively short time after they opened. Since that time they have changed a lot. The restaurant is moving more towards a sports bar, emphasizing broadcast games and beer. The food is still quite good, but the atmosphere is now gone unfortunately.I arrived with a group of 12, and we waited about 45 minutes to be seated because they will not take reservations. The best description of the service would be chaos. Orders were sent out incorrect or incomplete. The crabs were not from their usual source, and were unanimously pronounced inedible. Fried clams arrived almost in a burnt state, and wait staff had to be constantly reminded of missing items. Calamari was good, but all were wondering how it arrived in the shape that it was served in. Was it chopped and formed?My personal food arrived with two different levels of seasoning - one with level 2, and one with level 3. The mussels were nice, but a number of them were unopened. Usually, that is a sign of dead shellfish, but in this case, it was a sign of undercooked shellfish that did not wish to be opened and eaten.They were supposed to take American Express by the end of September, but they are not. One of our party was charged $290.00 on a credit card which then had to be voided. Unfortunately, that charge tied up that amount of money for the entire weekend on that credit card.Unfortunately, what promised to be a really wonderful venue to eat at, has turned into an attraction for the college crowd with poorly trained wait staff. Most of our party was very disappointed and has stated that they will not be returning again.Removing one star
5	Okay, lets do this! I've never been to New Orleans nor have I spent any significant amount of time on the east coast, so my seafood ratings may be lacking experience. However, I do LOVE seafood, and when you find a great seafood in a place like Arizona you its like an unexpected surprise!Food: AWESOME. I have been a fan of king crab legs since I was little, so I was pleased to see them on the menu. Additionally, they had shrimp, crawfish, clams, mussels, blue crabs and more. I opted for a shrimp boil, trifecta level 3, some crawfish trifecta level 3 with sausage, and my girlfriend got the king crab legs, trifecta level 0, plus some raw oysters and gumbo. The oysters weren't the best I've ever had, but they were really good. The gumbo was AMAZING. I'd go back just for that. The shrimp were shell on, and after the first or second one I was hooked. So garlic-y and spicy and perfect. The crawfish were HUGE, but they were kind of disappointing imo. First, you only eat the tail which is like 20% of the crawfish, so youre paying for a pound of crawfish but only eating like a quarter of a pound. Second, they appeared to be a TAD overcooked and rubbery, although I've never had crawfish before so maybe thats just how they are. I will say that the sauce/boil/juice they come with made it basically worth it, I would bottle that shit and drink it daily. Speaking of this fiery sauce, I got a squirt of it in my eyeball and I thought the apocalypse had started. Once I resumed consciousness I got back to work. The sausage that came with the crawfish was good too, reallllllyyy good.Atmosphere: Relaxed. This place is all about getting down and dirty, I was covered in sauce and shrimp bits after my meal, thankfully they provide a bib so my clothes were fine. Had to wash off my face in the bathroom though. They were playing fun cajun music that wasn't too loud/obnoxious.Price: It was $90 for 4 pounds of awesome seafood, plus oysters and gumbo. I was fine with that. Not cheap, but we got a lot of food too.Overall this place is awesome, I don't even live near Mesa but I'll be back.
2	They tell you that their food is really spicy and that you should get one level down from what you think you want.  I did not follow this advice and got pound of crawfish heat level #3: "burn your lips" hot which was not spicy at ALL- in fact, my husband who gets spice level 0-1 at any restaurant even agreed that it wasn't spicy.  We also got the alligator basket which was waaaaaay overcooked, dry, and the batter was dark dark brown and the fries were over seasoned.  There's no reason to put that much oregano on anything.  Ever.The gumbo was good though and the first part of our order came out quick although not all together which was weird because my husband an I got the same exact thing except different spice levels.  His crawfish came our first,  then mine a couple minutes later, then the alligator basket didn't come out for another 15 minutes (I was already finished with my meal) and my husband thought they forgot the rest of our order.  He couldn't find the waitress to ask her about it.I thought our waitress was really nice until the end of the meal when she decided to remove the paper tablecloth from the table WHILE my husband was still eating his alligator plate.  She came and just started removing the paper saying "let me get this out of the way" so we had to pick up our plates and drinks and food mid-chew while our tablecloth was yanked out from underneath.  It was extremely strange.  My husband said "are you trying to rush us?" And she said no and was very apologetic and sweet after that so I don't think she was trying to rush us after all but it definitely seemed like that while it was happening - I don't know if this is normal procedure or not but it felt very unwelcoming.  To prove that she wasn't trying to rush us, she took an extra long time bringing the check.  With the 30 minute wait to get in, we were there got 2 hours (this is on a busy Friday night)They were very busy so people must love their food but we weren't impressed.I did like the music though.
5	Amazing. Period. Order your favorite seafood by the pound. Pick your sauce. Dig in!!! Fries are amazing. Mixed drinks are strong. Trifecta sauce is great. We had shrimp, clams, and snow crab. Red velvet cake was good too. I wish I could go back every week!!!!
5	We got the Snow Crab legs with the trifecta seasoning, Cajun fries, and fried calamari...it was all amazing!! Loved how casual and laid back it was. Service was great too, super friendly staff!! I would definitely recommend to anyone who doesn't mind getting a little messy :)
5	We made a second trip here as we were all craving the flavorful seafood.  This time they had clam! We were so excited. This time we got crawfish and clam medium trifecta. The clam was so good we ended up ordering more.  One of our bags of crawfish did come out cold, didn't think much of it cause everyone ate a few thinking it was just that one crawfish.. toward the end of the bag I voiced it and everyone said theirs was cold too.  That means the whole bag was practically cold, we told the waitress just so she could let the kitchen know and not serve cold crawfish to other diners.  She was SO nice and brought out another HOT steaming bag of crawfish, we were stuffed but happy.  Thank you Angry Crab Shack for the amazing customer service and awesome seafood! We will be back soon enough.
4	Food:  Extremely good.  We got a pound of the crawfish with Trifectca 4 sauce and a pound of the shrimp with Pacific Rim 3 sauce.  Both very good, but 4 was approaching my limits for heat (can go up to 5), and I can take extremely hot food.  WE added potatoes and sausage to both boils.  Sausage was fantastic with the trifecta and a bit weird with the pacific rim sauce.  Potatoes could have been cooked a bit longer.  We also ordered the gumbo and Cajun fries.  The Cajun fries are HUGE and quite well seasoned.  The gumbo was quite bland to start with, but we added some of the trifecta sauce to it and WOW, it really kicked it off and the gumbo was nothing short of awesome with that bit of kick added to it.  The only thing I didn't like was that you couldn't get a sample of any of the sauces to gauge heat level without paying extra for it.Ambiance:  Extremely casual.  The walls have been intentionally gafitti'ed, concrete floor, basic tables and booths.  Tip #1:  Come prepared to get very messy... no utensils, a plastic bib and digging into a plastic bag to get your food is the order of the day!  :-)  (They don't do a good job of making that clear on their website.)Tip #2:  Come for late lunch.  Restaurant can seat about 100 or so but from what we heard can get pretty packed for dinner on any night and lunch is brisk.Tip #3:  If you order the gumbo, add one of the spices they use for their boil to it.Service:  All of the employees were extremely friendly and attentive, but the restaurant was pretty empty when we were there, so I don't know what service is like when it is full.Prices:  Acceptable for seafood, about $20/person should do if you don't get drinks.Net:  If you love good seafood and good Cajun/Creole, you really need to give this place a shot.  I was right on the fence between 4 and 5 stars...  If they allowed one or two free samples of the sauces and the gumbo was better without the personalization I'd give the nod for a full 5.
3	It was good, but too oily still not the same from Bay Area.... Great customer service.... i love the size of the Shrimp and Crawfish... Will come back....
4	My first time trying crab legs, and I am glad we chose this place. The service is awesome the food  was just great, I will definitely come back again.
4	Great environment, awesome fries, gumbo is good, wings are great and crispy. Love how many choices on seasoning there is...anything from hella hot to the faint at heart. Will definitely return. Staff is very welcoming and helpful.
5	This is my second time coming here and I absolutely love this place. The food is so great, we ordered mussels, crawfish, king crab, and frog legs. Everything was perfect! We were being an annoying and undecided table, but the waitress, Amanda, was so nice  and attentive the entire time, even though she was sooo busy as the place was packed. She even tied up my friend's bib when it fell off! My recommendations, the Cajun spice, and order bread to soak up all that yumminess!
5	The first time I enjoyed Angry Crab it was in Mesa. Jolly M. insisted so my brother, Rick and myself drove out. Plastic bib secured I could not understand how anyone would need the sinks located in the eating area.You will come to appreciate them.The food is a hands on event. Messy and delicious. You rip shrimp, crawfish, whatever you've selected, apart with your hands and juice goes flying. It's all over the place. You get stuff on your hands, sure. Seasoning magically migrates past your mouth to your cheeks. It isn't pretty. Perhaps this isn't a first date place.Warning: I would carefully select the spice level as it is no joking matter. Last night Angry Crab made an appearance at the Scottsdale Spice event. When asked what level of spice I wanted, I quickly said, "Yes. I'll take the hot level of whatever you've got."Rarely do I encounter food so spicy I become hot under the collar. After gulping down some shrimp I start making polite conversation.But No. I turn to the nearest table for a napkin so I can blow my nose. I interrupt someone for this piece of paper product. I need it. (Doesn't help.) I cough. (Doesn't help.) I suck down some small beverage in a desperate attempt to stop the molten fire in my throat. (Nope. Doesn't help.) I toss off the top of my VOSS water bottle. Drink most of the remaining 16.9 ounces back.I'm D-y-i-n-g.As I begin to panic I scope the room. I'm not even pretending to pay attention to conversation anymore. I stumble to the bar with the shortest line in desperation. I need something. ANYTHING.Thankfully someone mercifully tossed me some agua. (Do I sound grateful enough? Because I can't articulate how much of a defcon situation this was.) At which point a small beverage felt just about right.Spicy.Hot.Delicious.My many years of eating Indian food back east have failed me. I need to practice more p.s. The 28th St & Indian School location of Angry Crab is opening in TWO weeks!
2	Well, the bag of seafood they give you comes out to not much,.soggy but good taste,.just not enough, dont know it they weigh it down with the juices or what but its hard to crack open king crab legs soggy! Its way too expensive and think joes crab shack is better, you get more for less,the only good thing is that they have frog legs, but way to expensive and .ot enough!!
3	Service was a bit slow . Our waitress did a nice job going over the menu. Food had great flavor. It was a bit pricey for lunch. Great atmosphere. Be ready to pay extra for potatoes, corn and vegetables in the boils.
4	So I'm from Cali and this is like the Arizona version of Boiling Crab.  Of course, given where we are, I had already lowered my expectations in terms of seafood freshness and quality; but the rave reviews of fellow yelpers still pointed me in giving this place a go.Convinced the fiancee that we desperately needed a date night, and off we went.  When we get there, our server (his name eludes me) was super nice and started off with the specials, how to order, etc etc.  I guess they have something called Mixed Mondays where they have a bag of crawfish, snow crab legs, and lobster (tail or claw - chef's choice) cooked in the sauce and level of spiciness you like with mixed veggies for only $22.  When asked, the server said it was roughly about 2LBs of seafood.  Having never had crawfish, and wanting to ease into the whole crab in AZ thing, this seemed like a good start.  We ordered it as Trifecta Level 3.When it came, it was the same delicious flavor at Boiling Crab, but definitely right off the bat, the fiancee whispered that the snow crab wasn't as good as BC's.  Oh well, that was expected.  The crawfish were huge and very good and I scored in that my lobster was a tail section, quite large, I might add.  Having finished off my three crawfish and most of the delectable assorted veggies, I proceeded to start on my lobster tail.  But wait.  As I peered into the lobster tail hoping to find mouthwatering deliciousness that is lobster, I peered into emptiness.  Awwww... Feeling jipped, my fiancee had the server come over and take a look, explaining the situation.As dumbfounded as we were, he apologized profusely and the chef himself came out to apologize.  He unfortunately did not have any tails left, but he said he had two monster claws for us if that was okay.  Though I preferred tail, I wasn't going to turn down claws and those came out quickly.  They were HUGE.  I had my babe crack those and waited in excitement.  At first crack, what could only be described as white gunk came spewing out all over the table.  What the... he gave me a look and I was like... I don't know... He peeled away a section of the claw that broke off and I looked inside.  Well at least there is meat!  But to be safe I turned it opened side down to see what that white gunk was... And a torrent of it came glopping out.  Now, I may not have eaten lobster that often, but it was kind of nasty.  I won't lie, I was definitely concerned for my health!!  The look on my fiancee's face told me that it definitely wasn't normal for him either (and the dude worked at Red Lobster before for chrissakes).  So we called our server again, and again he was extremely nice.  He said he had no idea/he's never seen that before and got a manager to our table stat.  She also said she doesn't have an answer, scooped some of that white gunk and said she'll find out.She comes back and tells us that apparently when lobsters molt, they have fat build up under the shell and in between stages of molting, if the lobster was boiled, this would happen from time to time.  She also emphasizes that that is what the chef told her.  So my lobster claws were safe to eat, but she is quick to realize that I probably don't want to eat them anymore.  So she reassures us that no worries, that mixed bag is on the house.  And she takes away the lobster pronto.  Aww, how nice of her.  Now that's service recovery.  Now throughout this whole process, I had told my baby that this mixed bag wasn't going to cut it for us, so he ordered an order of cajun fries, 1LB of shrimp Trifecta-3, and 1LB of King Crab Trifecta-4.  He also opted to try their cocktail section and got himself a Dixie Peach (which our server aptly called a Cadillac Margarita with some Peach Schnapps).  The food was a little slow coming out this time around, and there was prompting required for some of it as the table next to us who ordered after us got their apps before us, but other than that, it came out in acceptable speed.  The fries were MMHMM, and the shrimp was so worth every penny.  The fiancee ate his King Crab and again noted that it was just not up to par with BC, but figured this was the best he was going to get out here in Arizona.  And he liked his drink.  So overall, the customer service, the food, the whole experience went well!  We will definitely be back for the shrimp and possibly the crawfish; may have to be a little desperate for crab, but other than that, the flavor was awesome.  Go there for some seafood extravanganza!  It's way better than going to a buffet that serves mediocre crab... or Joe's Crab Shack.
4	Love this place.  Great atmosphere and fantastic food.  The seafood is actually super tasty and the flavoring is spot on.  A great place to enjoy not only your company, but your meal.Everything we had there was delicious.  Be ready to get dirty though....you eat with your hands.  It adds so much to the restaurant.
3	Sooo, my 4th visit to this reataurant.  I love the shrimp,  trifecta,  mild!!!!!  My ultimate favorite shrimp !  The Cajun fries are delish!!  They were out of cornbread, bummer. The place was hopping busy, 30 min wait time at 615pm.  I encourage everyone to try the lobster, soo good!! Since all seafood is priced per pound, be sure to get all prices and weights up front!! Headless shrimp is 3.00 extra per pound.  The alight or us in nugget firm, fried.  They now have a 6 pc, large size, fried shrimp basket.  It is picnic style with butcher paper on tables.  The atmosphere is fun.  They have a wide assortment of alcoholic beverages.   Enjoy.
5	My wife and I decided to give the Angry Crab a try. Wow! Outstanding food and great table side service. We both ordered the Snow Crab, Trifecta seasoning with medium heat. The crab was sweet and the flavors work so well together. I also order the calamari, simply fantastic! Solid strips of calamari with the perfect breading, cooked to perfection.As some have noted here, the heat is nothing to laugh at- be very careful and if you have any question, ask the wait staff. They want you to enjoy yourself so they will tell you- if you like normal hot, stick to medium.We will never go to Joe's Crab Shack again.........
5	I love Angry Crab Shack.They have the best shrimp and snow crab:) The service is the best and the workers are really friendly!!!!!! I would recommend this place for people who love seafood. You can get really messy when you eat the food,so they give you cute crab bibs.
5	Hands down the best shrimp I've ever had and the service was superb. I strongly recommend stopping in and enjoying at least a pound of the shrimp and/or crab. When you stop in be sure to introduce yourself to Derek & Cody.Great Food, Great Staff, Great Experience!!! Please consider opening one up in Gilbert, you would make a killing near San Tan Mall.
5	No joke.  Best crab and sausage I have had.  Will be sending all my friends!  Everyone is so nice and willing to help you or just talk to you.  They are genuinely having a good time working there.  If you're lucky maybe you can get a chance to talk to Daniel.  He is a foodie and loves to talk about his passion.  This place friggin rocks!
4	I will definitely go back again.  This place is a bit pricey but not ridiculous.   We had 2 dungeness crabs and 4 blue crabs here.  The staff told us that those crabs were live before cooked.  I am a big seafood fan and I often buy live seafood and cook it myself, so I can attest the freshness on those crabs.  There was one blue crab that didn't taste like it was live before cooked but it's still fresh enough for us to enjoy it.  On the other hand, their raw oysters and grilled oysters, are only okay.  The oysters we had are likely to be pre-frozen.  Not extremely fresh like the crabs, but still fresh enough not to cause any health issues.  Also, those crabs are boiled and they don't offer the steaming option.  You just can't get the best out of those crabs without steaming okay?  So that's why I give it a 4-star rating instead of a 5.
4	Went back to Angry Crab with some friends on a Friday night around 630 to find a line out the door ... definitely a better sign than during my first visit.Took about 30 minutes to get a table, and knowing they were packed, quickly ordered 2 lbs of shrimp, 2 lbs of mussels and 2 lbs of crawfish with some sausage, corn and potatoes.Seems they've gotten the hang of the boil.  This time there wasn't a massive amount of oil to ooze uncontrollably out of the bags and they've bumped up the seasoning as well.Also got a basket of fries and onion rings which were exceptionally good and fresh.Only problems were my wife's beer was flat and some of the mussels didn't open.  One of my dining partners pointed out the unopened mussels and asked for replacements.  The server explained that it was OK to eat the unopened ones because "they were processed and then put in the freezer".OK, I grew up working in my family's fish markets.  While it may be possible that the unopened mussels did indeed die in the freezer and haven't had a chance to go south; there is no way to know whether it wasn't dead before it hit the freezer.  There is no way I would ever, ever eat a mussel that didn't open and I can't imagine any management ever suggesting their patrons eat one either.  Not worth the risk.  And why put mussels in a freezer anyway?After explaining why there was no way we were eating those, the manager quickly comped us an extra pound, which I thought was way above the call of duty (I know that there will almost ALWAYS be bad mussels in a batch and was fine with it while my dining partners wasn't as understanding).All in all a great experience and obviously the word is out ... there was still a sizable line to get in as we left ...
5	Fantastic food. Great service. The only thing I didn't like was that your food comes in a bag and they don't give you a plate. Seriously? I do not want to eat off of the table.I've been back twice since I initially posted my review. Each time I ordered the king crab, delicious. I changed my review to 5 stars because the staff is awesome and the owner seems to be a man who really cares about his business. Besides, my only complaint was eating off of the table... Which I have not been required to do. The staff was kind enough to provide me with a basket each time.
5	Few things in a ordinary foodie's life can be compared to the moment at Angry Crab Shack when a bag of seafood arrives the table.
5	LOOOOOVEEEE Angry crab! Seasoning is on point but my favorite is the oysters!!! They are a very nice size and the flavor is AMAZING! HIGHLY recommend!
3	Hello there Arizonians and snow birds.....Been here 2 times and have nothing terrible to say.....Nothing fantastic to say either !Shrimp is good... since I enjoy the taste of seafood, I choose to not have any heat added....to me it takes away the taste of the food.No reason to have to enhance good seafood!The sweet potatoe fries  are good and the service both times was very good!We had oysters which were terrible.... of course it was in the summer months and I am told months ending with "R" is the best time for oysters.There were several of us and we all agreed on this.Only suggestion is to get there early or you will wait....and wait....and wait.Overall it was good and worth a tryThis must be the shortest review I have ever written, but there was really nothing to boast about.Give it a try....see what you thinkand until then.............Bon Appetite'
3	We meet around 12:30 pm  on a weekday for lunch. We ordered shrimp, dungeness crab and homemade potato salad.  The steamed bag of freshly cooked shrimp came first.  It was better than average.   The dungeness crab was smokin' hot!  (Not the spicey hot but temperature hot! The way I like my food!  It was a messy meal to eat but tasty. The service was attentive and very friendly that day.  Besides the $42.00 + tab just for my crab - (which I estimated it would be) it was an all around good experience!  (Just when I saw my portion of the bill compared to my companion's  $12.00 shrimp it hits you a bit harder!  :)   )
1	I have never, ever, been treated so badly in a restaurant in my life.  I came in with my girlfriend for dinner last night. We sat down immediately (not that busy) and proceeded to wait 15 minutes for someone to come up to us. My girlfriend finally goes to the bathroom, and our server decides that this is the perfect time to come up and get our order. She sits back down, we order 1 lb of shrimp and 1 lb of blue crab. BOTH SPICY 1. I ask for a bib because mine was broken. In mid sentence, asking for gloves and a cracker as well, my server is already gone. Wait 5 minutes of hot food sitting in front of us, to get up and get the bib, gloves and cracker myself. I then try the (wimpy) spicy 1 shrimp. I got a spicy 3 last time and this was clearly a 5. Too spicy. Look for our server, nowhere to be found. So I tell a busboy, "hey sorry we ordered a spicy 1 and this is way too hot" they go back in the kitchen, come back out and tell me that I'm wrong and it's a 1. I'm a sous chef. I have a sriracha tattoo on my arm. I like spice. This was too spicy. My girlfriend does not like spice. We then got our server, finally. He then told me I was a wimp and should have gotten a 0. At this point, I am furious. He says he'll get his manager. She comes out, maybe not aware of how mad I was already, and made a joke that I looked so sweaty it must be super hot. Again, being made fun of. The sausage in the crab was cold and undercooked. Was told I was wrong about that as well. The manager chased us out to give us a $50 gift card so I wouldn't write this review. Guess what.
5	THIS PLACE IS A WINNER.  Ambiance: check (loud, fun, rowdy).  Service: check (everyone is friendly, funny, helpful).  Food: check, check, check.  We've been to the other Crab Shack many times.  NO comparison.  We started with Kajun Shrimp to share as an appetizer: crunchy, spicy, and delicious.  Esposa and I each got a bag o' snow crab, sausage, taters, and corn.  OMG.  Not enough superlatives to describe the addictive combination.  Perfect in every way.  OVERALL: STELLAR.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.  Next time we visit the Gilbert/Mesa area, we'll make sure to stop at ACS.
5	There are few places you can go and enjoy amazing seafood. Angry Crab is the place! Great for groups or on a fun date. The vibe is cool and the service is friendly. The trifecta king crab legs are ridiculously good. They melt in your mouth. My husband won't stop raving about it,  and we have to bring all of our out of town guests to our hidden gem. You won't find another spot like it. If you haven't tried it yet,  you're missing out.
5	Oh, Angry Crab Shack - you did not disappoint! When a complete stranger at another restaurant preaches to me how great this place is, I had to bookmark it right way. What was even better, is when a co-worker surprised me by driving us here for lunch. All I knew about this place was how popular it was among my friends (and strangers). After experiencing it firsthand, I see why!We were seated right away and our server asked us if we had been here before. Friend: Yes, Me: No. So we immediately got the lowdown on how everything works. With our drink order in, we scanned the menu looking for something that sounded good. In the end, we each decided to each order a pound of shrimp and then share a pound of king crab. I added a potato and sausage to my shrimp. For seasoning, I went with the trifecta that everyone else raves about. For the heat, I went with 2-medium to play it safe the first time, with 3-hot on the side for dipping. If you think you don't need the plastic bib, think again. This experience will not be a clean one. There are no utensils other that crab crackers. We received three plastic bags filled with seafood heaven. Your hands will be covered in seasoning/oil (muck). Put the iPhone away and just enjoy your meal!The shrimp was really good. The crab and sausage were amazing!! They soaked up the seasoning and tasted better to me than the shrimp did - but in the end, the whole meal was excellent. What I discovered was that the 3-hot seasoning was right up my alley. It's hot, but the flavor was really nice. Next time I will just go with this heat level. The service here was outstanding. Our server came over continually to refill our drinks and made sure everything was okay. 3/4 of the way into our meal and I was starting to get full. This was a lot of food - but I kept on going because it was so good. Ok, maybe I don't have any self-control.I love this place. I like the atmosphere, the music and the food. Everyone should try this place one time to experience it. Thankfully, there is a sink towards the back of the restaurant where you can wash all the muck off your hands when you are done. Do not attempt to use your phone until you do this.22 craft beers and 5 wines to choose from. Wings, calamari, oysters and po' boys. It doesn't get any better than this. If you are a seafood fan or you like some Cajun food now and then, you need to give this place a try. My work schedule is pretty crazy, but I am already trying to schedule when I can come back here again with the whole family to indoctrinate them!
4	Food is good, not great depending on what you order. Some of the shrimps and snow crab and crawfish were either too salty or did not have much flavor. The staff are very very nice though! Fried calamari and onion rings and fries were amazing. I'd just try to get the flavor right, or maybe it was just this once. Overall very good and will be back.
3	As long as you like getting messy, the shellfish was pretty solid. Option of several different shellfish and sauces. The waiter misheard my sauce so I didn't get what I ordered, but it was still good food.
5	After hearing good reviews from friends it was time to try it out, friendly greeting as soon as we walked in the door and from any other staff member we made eye contact with. We were seated immediately,  our drinks came out shortly after and as busy as it was in a very timely manner. Now for the food, frickin AMAZING!!!!! Not only is their style of steam bags unlike any you find on the western hemisphere, the steam bags came out with whole seafood in them, I got shrimp, blue crab, and crawfish, my girlfriend got king crab. I love whole, head on seafood, all the flavor is in the head, I was a head sucking fool tonight. So in other words, get there and eat, eat like you mean it, eat like its your last meal, you will not be disappointed. Thank you for a wonderful great experience,  see yall soon.
5	My husband and I have driven by plenty of times and finally decided to pop in. First off, the smell alone gets ya hooked. We sat by the bar and our server was Rachael. We also had another gentlemen that worked there show us the proper way to shuck the shrimp. I cannot remember his name but when we go back I will be sure to get it. The courteous staff alone makes it worthwhile. The whole wait staff is fantastic and polite. They sure do have a great team. I ordered the clams boiled in the trifecta and my husband ordered the shrimp. The serving size is huge for such a cheap price. I cannot say enough good things. If you ever thought about going please do. We will definitely be returning customers. It was a superb date night!!! Thanks Angry Crab Staff :)
5	Food was very good lots of flava. The service was great. Portions were large enough to share.
5	Wow!!Unbelievable amazing! Without a doubt the best crab I have ever ate! You can pick from multiple varieties of seafood, then you pick your flavor, (I always pick trifecta), then you pick your level of spice. Watch out number five will get you!We recommend this to everybody it is amazing amazing amazing!
4	I love the concept and the food. They do a great job and the wait staff is really friendly. We had Alaskan King crab legs, charred oysters and shrimp. The Angry Crab is for serious crab-smackers. Reminds me of a cross between Maryland crab shacks and Nola- right in Mesa... Nice touch with the Dixieland jazz and swing music. Go there- eat crab- get happy! PS go there with someone you love, this way you won't have to explain the Old Bay on your forehead!!
2	Tonight the shrimp was over done and the waitress did not care. She was having a grand time with the table next to us that had a single guy but never even checked to see how we were doing. We sent one shrimp back and she never bothered to see how the next batch came out! It sucked also under any circumstance do not get the Michelle with 2 l's she is HORRIBLE!!!! Michele with 1 L is awesome!!!
5	Catfish was great!!  Love the spicy fries.  Bag of shrimp and bag of crab Cajun flavor was dynamite.   We will be back here for sure.
5	I finally made it to the angry crab shack last week and was blown away!!! I literally made this account just so I could share my experience with all you yelpers:) First the atmosphere, when I first sat down I was a little skeptical because there was writing all over the walls, paper for a table cloth, tacky decorations, and loud sirens (due to birthdays and extreme spice orders) it was a lot to soak in at first however our server was very attentive, knowledgable, and made us feel like we were right at home! She even sat at the table with us to describe the menu and take our orders and later wiped a piece of food off my cheek lol! I wanted to give her a shout out on here but sadly forgot her name:/ but I will say she had red hair, piercings and a beautiful tattoo on her arm. We will be back because of YOU:) On to the food review, a-m-a-z-I-n-g we got snow crab with lemon pepper and garlic with sausage and corn. The flavor was on point! The only down part was our corns were cold? The server fixed the problem and even made a joke about how we were weird for not liking cold corn lol! Wonderful place! Angry crab shack we will see you soon!
5	Loved the food, the atmosphere, the service!    I will definitely go back!  You need to wear the bib!  Let me repeat...you need to wear the bib!  It's a messy meal but I will gladly eat there over and over again.   The only thing that I am hope for is a location in Chandler.  5 stars!
4	This place is awesome! Reminds me of crab shack in San Diego. Wish this place took reservations... Otherwise food great and so is the service. Wait can be a bit ridiculous.
5	The food here is amazing. Must get the King Crab. Everything was fresh and perfectly seasoned. Glad there is a second location now closer to home. Can't wait to try it.
5	Came in with my girlfriend and our server Allison was very knowledgable and friendly. She even popped our crab open for us! The food was fantastic and full of flavor. Can't wait to come back.
3	Returned for another meal this evening.  We ordered a crawfish po-boy sandwich with fries and coleslaw.  The sandwich consisted of an abundance of cold crawfish salad on a hoagie roll and I stuffed the coleslaw in with the crawfish.  It didn't have a lot of flavor. The fries were well seasoned and crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, the best part of the meal!  My wife had the fried shrimp basket with fries and a side of about 10 hush-puppies.  The shrimp were heavily breaded and a bit spicy.  It would have been nice if the breading were lighter.  Service was excellent and friendly, Michelle was our server. The lemonade my wife had was excellent.  A 3 to 3 1/2 star meal.  I'm not sure I want to return.
5	Came here with family for lunch today for my birthday. It was finger-lickin' delish!We had 2 orders of the Frog Legs (they were big compared to the smaller ones I've eaten), Clams, Crawfish (were big as well), Shrimp, Calamari (for apps - the best), Crabs and Catfish with fries and rice.My order was the Clams - Trifecta. I guess I said Medium instead of Mild so it had a major kick in my mouth and my sniffles.. So I couldn't take it but overall it was good! First time for me here and def. coming back!If you like seafood. Come here! There weren't alot of people because it was early lunch when they opened around 11am when we came so that's good. Service is great!The air fans were all on, so it was cold inside. But me saying medium instead mild put a kick in my mouth. So my day was hot and cold lolThere was a $20 deal. Forgot what came with it but really was worth it!
1	Food and services was horrible,  on a Tuesday night. Took my family to angry crab for dinner, food took awhile and when it's served, half of it was still frozen cold. We told the waitress so she was going to get us another full orders, but instead giving us new orders, she came out took our cold food to the back and warm it up and say it's hot now and that's what her manager told her to do. what kind of restaurants management is this? Make us wait for our cold food and still charge us for it. My bills was over $200 with gratuity included, paying that much at least served your food correctly and I'll be happy to pay but eating bad frozen crab legs and had to wait for it to heat back up. Not the waitress fault but it is for the owner and manager to correct this.
5	My sister brought me here for my birthday knowing how much I really love seafood.  The restaurant is located in an old strip mall full of empty storefronts.  That's the only negative thing I can say about my experience.  From the moment I walked in I knew I was in for a treat.  The staff was friendly in a vibrant and genuine sort of way and they come at you with it as soon as you enter the door. At about the same time you are met with a delicious aroma of seasoned seafood.  We had gumbo, shrimp, and crab.  I generally like spicy food but we decided to get mild seasonings so as not to burn our tongues and fingertips.  This was a very good decision because the seasonings are very spicy anyway.  We enjoyed every bite, every morsel and left the table full of shrimp and crab shells.  We never once had to summon the wait staff because they were always attentive.  I highly recommend the Angry Crab Shack for their delicsious seafood, excellent service, and friendly staff.  Dress casual for this puppy.
5	They serve a 5 star meals. .. I've been there like 10 times now ... and will keep going back ...i love my seafood :)
4	This last Friday was my latest visit the East Valley location.  My friend and I went back because we had such a great experience a few weeks prior.  We weren't disappointed !  We just love this place.... the atmosphere is fun and yes eating is messy but that is all part of the experience and thank goodness for the bibs ;)  We'll be back soon.  I hear there is another location opening up in Phoenix.
5	Went here to celebrate my birthday with family from out of town. We are all seafood lovers but its hard to find done well in AZ. The location isn't the most appealing but the food and atmosphere make up for it. We were worried about getting a table for 9 without reservations but a quick conversation with an employee on their Facebook page assured us there would be enough room to accommodate us. We arrived around 3 and were immediately seated. The place was busy but not packed. Our serve Cody was amazing, helped us with the menu as it was our first time there and was super enthusiastic and entertaining. We started with clam strips (the best any of us have ever had), hush puppies (super flavorful and light), and fries. Our drinks were also great, especially the Moscow mule and oyster shooter.We ordered: fresh oysters on the half shell, mussels with trifecta seasoning and level 2 spice, snow crab trifecta seasoning level 3 spice, snow crab trifecta with level 1 spice, whole lobster trifecta with level 1 spice, grilled salmon and rice for the kid in the group and the grilled oysters on the half shell with garlic and cheese. The fresh oysters were delicious and not at all fishy, same for the mussels. The seasonings were strong and the sauce left in the bag was tasty. The level 3 spice is SPICY but great. Level 2 was moderate enough for most of us. All of the food was cooked to perfection but I cannot say more positive things about the char grilled oysters on the half shell. We started with half an order and they were gone in under a minute and we immediately ordered a dozen more. All of our food was great but I would make the trip just for the grilled oysters. The best any of us have ever had.  SERIOUSLY order the grilled oysters, you will not regret it!It was my birthday and the staff must have overheard us talking about it and we were brought a complimentary piece of yummy red velvet cake. Seafood does not come better than this in AZ.  Go now.
5	Recently visited for dinner!!  Love love loved their food!  We had the snow crab, mussels, crawfish and oysters on the half shell!!  Oysters were some of the best I've had in the valley!  Great size!  The restaurant was busy when we got there so we sat at the bar, the bartender was super helpful and friendly, plus they have some great beers on tap!  Will definitely be back!
5	Visited Thanksgiving weekend and couldn't be happier.  Susanne our server was great, so friendly and quick to get our order out.  Food was tasty and filling.  Definitely coming back on my next trip out to AZ.
5	Yum Yum Yum. I have been here a handful of times now and have never been disappointed. I always get the shrimp (they are huge) in mild trifecta sauce and add sausage. There is a huge variety of what you can order for your main course and you can add potatoes, corn and/or sausage for an additional charge. I am a wimp when it comes to spicy so I get the mild but it still has a little kick to it. You pay by the pound at market value. Shrimp is probably the best value for the money, $12 per pound. The one pound is plenty of food for me. My hubby order the lobster once and thought it was delicious. I know that on the weekends, they tend to run out of certain items, so that tells us it's also amazing.Here and there I order cajun fries as an appetizer.  It's got a great spice to it and comes out perfect. I like to munch on them before my shrimp make their way in that delicious trifecta bath. This review would make me hungry but I just some Angry Crab Shack shrimp and feeling very content right now.
4	This place is fantastic! Service is great and the seafood is delicious. Make sure to try the Trifecta and Pacific Rim seasonings.
4	Delicious food. The seasonings...superior!Nice helpful staff.Be prepared to wait for seating.Atmosphere was wonderful.
5	This  restaurant is great and lots of fun!   Food and service was terrific.  We had the shrimp and king crab.  Be careful with seasoning - I like things spicy and a 1 was plenty hot enough.  We also ordered the hush puppies and side of vegetables.  Everything was fresh and cooked to perfection.  We will return soon however week nights are less crowded than weekends.
5	Had dinner here last night with friends and family. it was our 1st time trying The Angry Crab Shack. The smell of the food hits you when you walk through the doors was heavenly. The restaurant was very busy but on a Monday night but our service was great! We started out with fried clams and gumbo. Best fried clams I've ever had! Gumbo was mighty tasty. We ordered the treasure bag, trifecta medium. Perfect flavor, not to hot at all. The bag contained shrimp, crab legs,  dungeness crab and mixed vegetables. My husband also added the sausage to his treasure bad. We shared from crawfish with our table of  6 and they were huge. It's a little pricey but in the end it was WAY worth it. We left completely stuffed and satisfied! We will definitely be visiting this restaurant again to try out all the other delicious food!!!
4	Absolutely great! Awesome food! Super service!On weekends prepare to wait for a long time to sit indoors, but once seated the food comes out fast and hot.
4	This last Friday was my latest visit the East Valley location.  My friend and I went back because we had such a great experience a few weeks prior.  We weren't disappointed !  We just love this place.... the atmosphere is fun and yes eating is messy but that is all part of the experience and thank goodness for the bibs ;)  We'll be back soon.  I hear there is another location opening up in Phoenix.
4	If you like cajon, you'll like this place. Good food, good service, friendly staff. The crab was great. we are taking some back this week.
5	I've been here a couple of times now and plan on making regular visits. I've had the boil with shrimp both times (trifecta, level 2) and it's amazingly good and want to explore the menu some more. Service was above and beyond on both visits. The best part is they serve Arizona beers on tap, especially from Grand Canyon, my favorite.
1	If you like Joe's Crab Shack ... then maybe this is your funky Medina.Noisy cramped environment with Chinese quality seafood served in a plastic bag that you open and eat directly off the table with your fingers. Ya... Hoo!Its just not my ... bag!
4	Wow!!! I ate too much and almost exploded!!! I could not stop eating. Damn crab legs taste to damn good. Now I know why they call it angry!!!. You feel like it is the first time you ate something so good you're angry like a hungry cat that growls when it eats tuna fish for the first time. I could not stop eating, if that waiter got her hands to close to my crab legs I would have bitten her fingers off and hissed at her like a wild cat!!! What a fun atmosphere, happy people running the place. I recommend this to anyone looking for something different and exciting, go there hungry and you will love it.
5	When I was asked "Does that sound good?" after being told about ACB, of course I said "Heck, yes! You know I love seafood!" But then we arrived and my happiness meter went through the roof!  Everyone was wearing a bib, some had gloves,  the walls were covered in scribbles, doodles and john hancocks from all over and the energy was super casual. Then the bags came... first some king crab, then some shrimp,  blue crab and mmm mmm mmm! I ordered the blue crab in a "class 3 medium" spicy (because mild = wimpy) and sure enough it was not wimpy! I was glad our shrimp was in the "trifecta" seasoning because it was amazing. I basically want to visit this place at least once a month because I already crave it! Thank you Lauren for being awesome and I'll be back soon!
5	Shrimp shrimp shrimp throw some crab legs and Cajun fries and you have the best seafood In arizona. Who knew you could get that down home Louisiana seafood taste so far from the water. This place has changed the face of seafood.There may be a line out the door and your hands are going get messy but this place will rival any.
5	Great restaurant, superb food and atmosphere. Very friendly people and service. I love to eat with my hands.
5	I was surprised to find the place nearly full on a Friday afternoon.   For my first visit, I had to try everything.  I tried the cod, fries, dungeness crab, raw oysters, shrimp and mild trifecta sauce.    Btw, be forewarned, eating at the ACS is serious business and can get messy.   My first time eating a whole dungeness crab with my bare hands!   This is not the place to wear your finest silks, if you know what I mean.  ACS does their part by supplying guests with a complimentary bib.   The food is honest, tasty and portions are generous.   Fries are excellent and cooked to a crisp perfection.   The oysters were large though mild in flavor.   The trifecta sauce can be wicked hot so eat at your own risk.    That trifecta heat can turn someone into a human sauna!  The fish & chips (cod) came with three large chunks and perfectly cooked.    I loved the veggies in trifecta sauce, plain.      Look forward to my next visit to ACS!
5	I am addicted to this place! Damn! So so so good.  My friends and I crave this place.  The shrimp in the trifecta, the crab, the corn, the sausage-all finger licking good!! YOU MUST TRY THIS PLACE
5	This was our first time there. We loved the place! It is a different concept, nice atmosphere, very friendly service and GREAT food!
5	Love it! Haven't had a single bad thing or experience here! Food is amazing (shrimp, crab, lobster, mussels, hush puppies, and Cajun fries are my go to every time!) trifecta 2 on everything with a side of trifecta 5 for a volcanic dipping experience! When we go it can get a little pricey but it's mostly because I can't help myself and I order so much with alcohol as well.. Staff is amazing and the food is phenominal. Nice work guys and keep it up!
