2	One of the worst airports to have to fly in or out of.  The lines for security are consistently long (especially if you are flying out of C or D gates, good luck).  They are undergoing renovation in B terminal so all of the moving walkways are shut down for lord knows how long and you have to walk pretty far to get to baggage claim.  Its redeeming feature is that there are slot machines in the terminals so if you're delayed, at least you can gamble.
5	My first trip to Vegas was so long ago that McCarran had only one terminal, and it was housed in a Quonset hut. Now it's a mini-city unto itself, as glitzy as the casinos that await you on the strip. I once hit a $500 jackpot here while waiting for my flight home, and any airport that can provide an experience like that is OK by me.
4	The sound of the slot machines hits you as soon as you disembark the plane. If you forgot you were flying to Las Vegas, you know immediately where you've landed. This airport really reflects the city in which it resides. How many airports can truly say that?
3	This is one of those airports where even if it's your first time in Vegas, you'll know it's Vegas from the moment you set foot in the airport. Slot machines galore at the gates, and flashy ads on big screens at the baggage claim. Yessir, you're in Vegas.It's just such a loooong walk to get to the baggage claim and going to your gate. Plan ahead for extra time, especially during peak hours.
5	Where else can you play slots while you wait for your flight to take off? I don't know. Plus, the parking levels are named after Casinos... this place is priceless.
4	I've been in airports all over the world.  The experience that McCarran provides is truly unique.  Slots in the friggin' terminals!  Whoever thought that scam up is the man (or woman, as the case may be)!  I cannot say that I agree with Don O.'s assessment of the airport.  I found check-in, security, and so on to be rather easy and uneventful.  There was a relatively short line for security, and I was flying out of the D terminal, which was not difficult at all.  Still budget an hour and a half from check-in to flight time (domestic) as you would in any international airport.  Worst case is you have a lot of time to kill... which leads me back to the slots.  Bottom line: sweet airport, no problems, but still not a five-star (getting baggage did take a tiny pinch longer than usual, but that could have just been a personal experience).
1	Seriously, how could you give this airport a good review?  Even if they had blackjack tables at the gates, I don't think I could.  Make sure you wear you walking shoes and don't carry anything too heavy because it takes about an hour to get from ticketing to the terminal. We learned the hard way and spent 24 hours at the airport after we missed our flight.  The floors are really hard to sleep on too!  Man cannot live on Sbarro and Cinnabon alone. Although people say that this is one of the BUSIEST airports in the country,  somehow the much, much busier airports, such as DFW, Phx Sky Harbor, and Chicago O'Hare have learned how to make the terminals much more accessible.  Walking is not a problem, but the fact that everything is so spread out makes travelling in and out of this airport a nightmare, especially if you have children or are with someone who is elderly.
4	Considering it's one of  the busiest airports in the US, it's pretty damn good. It's clean and signage is clearly marked. It IS big. Like I said above, it's BUSY. If you are too lazy to walk to your concourse I think you've got bigger problems my friend.
3	A small airport, one terminal but there are long walks to everything, when the people walkers are broken. As soon as I disembark from the plane and hear the ka-ching of the coins and see the flashing lights, I know I am in Las Vegas.   Then I go down the escalator and see the stone statues of the snake and lizard and I know, I have arrived!   I grab  a few of the 'things to do this week' mags at the visitor kiosk at the bottom of the escalator, pick up my luggage down that large dark hall with the billboards for Las Vegas shows and go pick up my rental car.  Arrival to the airport isn't always fun, the security check can take 5-20 minutes.
4	If it's your first time in Vegas and you're arriving via plane, there's no better way to welcome you into Sin City than the slot machines right outside your gate.  Advertisements of show headliners are everywhere and you can't help but get excited with all the promise that Vegas has.I find McCarran to be a pretty clean airport overall. It doesn't look worn out like some of the other airports I've been to and it's quite spacious.  (If anything, I see a lot of wasted space.)  Their tram running from the terminals to the baggage claim is efficient and pretty easy to follow.  It's a pretty easy airport to navigate.  You really can't get too lost here.  Parking at the airport is metered parking, which can be a good or bad thing.  You're in a shit if you have to run out and feed the meter because your bags haven't arrived yet.  All in all, arriving at this airport is exciting.  Shute, waiting in the gate area before you board the plane with other Vegas-bound passengers is exciting enough.  The sad part is when you're leaving Las Vegas.  If you're not a winner, your face is downtrodden...and if you're still recovering from the heavy late night partying of Vegas, then you look like shit waiting for your plane.McCarran Airport excites me.  Shute - all airports excite me.
5	I fly a ton and this is one of my favorite airports.  Every time I have a lay over, I always have something to do - gambling in the terminal!  What a great place.  Lot's of shops and restaurants as well.
5	I love this airport.  Easy in, easy out. Win or lose money either direction.  Fun at the airport!
1	Transferring from the D gates to the B gates in an hour is a nightmare.  You take the sky train to the next building, get dumped unceremoniously into a vast common area that doesn't have very informative signs directing you to the gates, and every inch of the floor is occupied by people trying to hawk useless junk.  Most of the airport has the feel of a gigantic mall.  If you are flying to Vegas, it's okay, because you're not trying to go anywhere but Vegas.  If you're trying to get home and your connection is through Las Vegas, try to get flights that connect in the same section of the building.And, how the hell did the Mastercard hawkers get past the security gates?  Does the TSA just let these people set up a booth in the gate area?  No, I don't want your fucking credit card!
3	The main terminal has free wifi. The other terminal with United and Southwest has wifi. Terminal 2, does not have wifi. Also, Terminal 2 is only accessbile by a shuttle from Zero level (from main terminal) or walking. Things are not self explanatory until you get into the main terminal. It is true, the security lines are ridiculous and they need to speed up the process.
3	Free Wi-Fi at the airport.....woo-HOO!!! Oh wait, nothing's really for free: my bottle of Diet Coke was $3. Walking 'round the airport to reach your gate can be taxing, depending on your post-Vegas state of mind and body. Crowds come and go, wait lines can be nonexistent, or more typically really really long. But hey, at least you can Yelp while you're waiting...
5	I've been to one too many airports in my life, but my favorite remains my hometown airport - McCarran.  Spacious, sparkling, things to do, and plenty of food - trust me, especially after nightmares like O'Hare, Logan, and Dulles...you gotta love landing in Las Vegas.
4	By far I must say one of the best airports in the country! I love how when you walk off your plan you hear the instant chimes of slot machines...I don't gamble much, but that sound does make me smile.  The luggage pick up is quite easy and its not confusing nor is it in a cramped space like other airports.  Its also not difficult to get a cab once you're ready to head onto the strip.I also have to admit I do enjoy their security check point video that plays on the screens before going through to the gates.  When you see Chubacka on those screens you know you're in a good place.The one thing that sucks is that since there are millions of people who come to Vegas each year this airport can get packed, so you are better off coming early to check in for your departure flight.P.S. If you're coming off the strip on a cab tell them to take Tropicana to the airport...This way you're fare isn't $25-$30.  It's only like $13 if you're by the Wynn which is on the other end....
3	las....the hub to "sin city"......from first sight after you exit your plane.....you know you are in vegas....slot machines lined up at the gates.....flashing lights...and colorful sounds......yes..you are in vegas.....the sculpted desert creature artwork molded in the ground is pretty "neat"....giant snake...scorpian..etc....airport itself is "nifty"some negatives....long up and down walks to terminal gates and outside......shuttle/train connection to reach gates....and the slot machines that sucks the last few bills out from your pocket before your flight....
3	If you have time to kill, you can gamble. Unlike most airports, you would get bored.
3	Man, I wish I could give McCarran a better rating, but the more I think of it the more times I remember complete frustration.As a rather avid traveler, I've gotten to know the McCarran traffic well enough to avoid long security lines and the like by crafty flight scheduling.  When I'm departing on my own, it's always pretty easy.  I park in the remote lot (a less stressful and cheaper option than the long term parking in the main parking structure.  the shuttle buses are also always plentiful.  I've never had to wait for one), get on the shuttle, pop over to security (cause I've already checked in, duh, and I ain't got nothin' but carry-on luggage) and bing-bang-boom, I'm set.However, when I'm going to pick people up or vice-versa something always goes awry.  The arrival screens aren't updated, communication is awful, people are just stuck stranded with no idea what's going on.  Once, my mother required a wheelchair and the skyhops forgot her and she missed her flight.There are things about the airport that I love:  The stores to browse, how awesome the new D gates are, all the food options.  However, when you imagine your poor, post-surgery mother being stranded at the airport (and no one would take responsibility for this, either), it makes those other things a little less sparkly.
3	Only in Vegas can you get off the plane and head to the slot machines before you even pick up your luggage. But with that aside, this is not a bad airport. It's really clean, the people who work there are nice. The worst part is the lines for security. You truly have to be there at least 2 hours ahead for your domestic flight because it takes forever to go through the line. The security check itself is relatively quick, but the line is crazy!
2	I hate this airport.  I thought I loathed O'Hare.  I thought I truly hated the 'Nati (CVG) airport.  I REALLY thought I hated ATL's airport.  McCarran set a whole new low for me.  All of the queues you have to stand in are at least 150 people deep all the time, whether it's the security queue or the taxi one.  The TSA people here are so not the brightest stars in the sky.  And for Chrissake...all the slot machines.  Airports are already crazybusy and noisy as it is.  I don't need ringing slot machines to contribute to the migraine that is McCarran.
2	Poor excuse for an airport. Location makes it prone to high winds, and thus delays. The place is pretty filthy as well. I had to make a connection here. Due to delays I had to run to the gate. Directions to the gate were nonexistent. I had to breathlessly ask an airline attendant for help. Well, after i kind of figured out where to go, i realized that this was the worst setup ever. i had to go through unmarked doors, down stairs, and wait on what looked like a loading dock for a shuttle bus to take me to the correct gate. what?
3	This is one of the few airports where I feel oddly stupid pulling out my laptop to crunch in a few hours of work. The secret here is that the casinos ran out of space and decided to put a few more slot machines here. But the people who sat there and played until their butts larded over eventually missed their homes, or ran out of money, which ever one you choose to believe, so out of the pureness of their hearts, the owners decided to put in a few terminals and remake it into an airport.It's the truth, I tell you. I heard it from a trusted friend of a friend of a friend of a friend.
3	this airport's flights are ALWAYS delayed. i think it's cursed. the slot machines are nice to look at- but i wouldn't shell out money for that at an airport... for goodness sake! there's a cigar bar in the vicinity- for what? when you can smoke outside? i guess it's for comfort. the shops are decent and the wait areas always have things for you to do. your eyes will never get bored.
2	(cough, cough)  sorry, i'm still coughing from all the cigarette smoke.ugh...smoking in the sirport. can't they make a room for the smokers like they do in every other aiport in the country? and slot machines...people, if you are gambling in the airport, then i'd put my money that you have a gambling problem. pun intended.points for being so close to the strip though.
4	Nothing special here.  I didn't like the fact that the lady sitting at the security thing scanning the stuff wasn't even looking at the screen the entire time.  In the Southwest terminal, there was only one or two options for food.The thing I did like, the FREE Wi-Fi.
4	McCarran International is a weird place.  It holds some special significance for me because I slept here one night when I couldn't get out of Las Vegas because of a missed connection.The airport is large and spread out - but I can't understand the short moving sidewalk at the end of the D terminal - it is only 50 feet long!!?  The lines when you are trying to leave are really long - this is the only airport that I know they recommend getting to 3 hours early.There is free wi-fi here and that is what gives the airport an extra star.
4	This review is for air travel during the 2007 Memorial Day Weekend, a time period with exceedingly high passenger traffic through Vegas.The moment the head of the flight crew announced, "Welcome to Las Vegas," a bunch of people starting hooting and yodeling for joy, and camera flashes went off like there was a paparazzi stalking a celebrity on the plane. Thank goodness it was not Britney Spears because there were no leather seats. In fact, I did not see a first class section. Point is, everyone was drunk and in good spirits around 10:30PM.How drunk? By the time the flight attendants were half way through beverage service, they were out of orange juice and vodka. I did see a stash of Jack Daniels bottles left on the cart. Gross.Continuing on... The good spirits translated to passengers' eagerness to deplane and get their game on. There was no time to pause and look for signs for the shuttle towards the baggage area. Otherwise one would be trampled by the moving herd of people. The entire airport was crowded and noisy, and I could only follow the herd to my destination. It was nice not to think and just follow the veteran Vegas mob.While going down the escalators, a middle aged guy saw a large poster ad for Celine Dion's concert and shrieked, "Celine Dion!" And since everyone was in good spirits, the crowd chuckled at him.Then we arrived to the baggage claim area. I thought I was going to pass out. The place was packed like sardines. There were several rows of people backed up from the edge of each baggage claim carousel. How the heck was I going to be able to see if my luggage came out? Miraculously, I picked out my luggage within 10 minutes.Then came the taxi stand. There were well over 20 taxi stalls, and the line was like a line for an amusement park ride, snaking around at least 5 times, with a half hour wait. It was a good wait to scope out the meat market. And even with this long wait, no one got belligerent or obnoxious. People were really in good spirits.Overall, I felt like I passed by 10,000+ people in that hour time span I spent from arrival to the taxi. I am impressed with the efficiency and organization of McCarran International Airport. The staff really has the place under control. Granted these Vegas mob scenes only come a few times a year, the airport and staff were able to control the crowd and get them out to their money hemorrhaging destination in a jiffy. This efficient well-oiled operations machine is why everyone was able to maintain their positive spirits. I heard no complaint and saw no pouty faces from anyone. Other airports should model themselves after McCarran. In addition to a worthy Yelp review, there should be operations case studies written on this airport.
3	The McCarran airport is like a combination of Vegas headline acts:Slot machine studded gate areas that are as noisy as the Blue Man Group.Long security lines that can be as irritating as Celine Dion.Gift shops that are as cheesy as Wayne Newton.Passengers that are as diverse as Wayne Brady's impersonations.Edible food options that are as scarce as Carrot Top's jokes.Location to the Strip as close as Siegfried was to Roy.Looking forward to checking out these "acts" again...
4	This is a pretty awesome airport.  You get decent food choices, the trams take you to and from the terminals very quickly, and the taxi line is very efficient.  Plus they have slot machines there.  How many airports can say that?  Alas, this is where your wallet begins to bleed, where sobriety escapes, and the top button on your jeans is ready to launch into the air like shooting star after your third plate of all you can eat crab legs.  Welcome to Sin City!
1	A ghastly excuse for an airport, LAS is grossly undersized and can't cope with the amount of passengers that pass through it's doors daily. The C/D security is nighmarish, several times I waited near 1 hour in these lines. A/B is much better, but it seems like you end up in C/D much more often due to the airlines that fly from there. Getting a cab from LAS is insane. Thankfully I lived in Henderson and usually drove when I used this airport so it wasn't an issue. The noise of slots and the repeating advertisements in the baggage claim area are enough to drive you to want to off yourself.
4	It almost never gets old each time I touch down at this classic airport adorned with slot machines, patterned carpets, and various faces from all nations.  It could be the anticipation of being in Las Vegas, but alas its probably the airport and its amazing unique ambiance.  Its neither an aesthetically pleasing airport nor large enough but somehow it just happens to work for all of those who fly in here.  The baggage claim area is small for large airport standards and the "renovations" that have been taking place since 2003 don't seem to be even close to finished.  However, with what they have finished, looks very nice with the airtrain that has been completed to go from terminal to terminal.  Yet, there is a charm about the airport in which brings a smile to my face each time.  Is it the fact I see the LV strip in plane view (mind the pun)?  Is it all of the escorts surrounding the airport like cops on a drug bust?  Could it be the trashy tourists mixing in with the ultra rich ones?  Maybe its the endless lines of cabs and the fighting limo drivers all inching closer to pick up their passengers?  Is it because the airport is the main hub to America Worst (West) airlines?  Its probably because it mirrors the very city it represents, Las Vegas.  As one of the most unique cities in the world, it certainly deserves to have a airport that is like no other.
5	I used to loath this airport.  Whenever I flew through here, I'd allow for the inevidable bag search and ten minute detainment at the security gate.  There was always some issue.  And, the place used to just stink.  It was worse than some of the older casinos, all the smoke in the air, and the smell of uncleaned bathrooms.But not anymore.  It was clean, smoke free, and best of all, I didn't get detained.  There even had enough security lines open to reduce the line to less than five minutes.  What truly impressed me the most was the efficiency of the cab pick up.  If you've never been there before, it's like how everything moves to the music in the VISA commercials.  Completely ochestrated.McCarran International Airport, you get the best improvement award from me.  Five stars!
4	Now that I have slept on the floor here, I feel intimately connected.Pluses:1. Free wireless!  I'm using it now.2. It's now smoke-free!Minuses:1. It's an airport, which means it was designed to be uncomfortable.2. I can't find one place where I'm not hearing the Wheel of Fortune slot machine.  Why do you follow me, O Wheel of Fortune slot machine??Anyway, I've been here for 12 hours, and all I have to say is that I'm desperate for a potted plant.  Any potted plant would do.  I think I'd even cozy up to poison oak.  For now, I'm happy with smoke-free airports, but someday someone is going to get wise and airports will have botanic gardens.  Then we won't feel the need to scream while the airlines screw us over and throw our bags into dumpsters.
4	This is a pretty efficient airport. I would say that the only thing I can bitch about is the line at security. It would be more efficient to screen by terminal, but here, you get screened and then take the shuttle to your terminal.But there are lots of pluses to this airport - easy to get to your terminal, free wi-fi, slot machines and the Ethel's chocolates in the Southwest terminal.
3	Airport, you're slow, the people who work inside of you are surly, and the patrons who visit are stooopid. Your restaurants suck, and your bathrooms smell like doodles. Ew. But three stars because you have slots!
1	Bad, terrible, worst ever. Imagine watching a movie from the 80's with full-on browns and tans, bad big haircuts and sorry looking carpets and walls. It's LV Airport.I was standing in the security line to catch a red-eye back to Boston. Just as I set my bags on the floor, there is a huge commotion. Someone was late in meeting his flight, so he ran through the security gates. Real smart. Needless to say, I spent another hour waiting for the security guards to clean up this idiot's mess. Then, I got chosen for an "extra" search, so this dirty guy opens my carry-on and wiped his gloved hands through my underwear compartment. So gross.I would consider never going to Vegas in order to avoid this airport.
5	Best airport I've been to in a long time.It was clean, it was efficient, it was working like a well oiled machine when we were there in May (flew in tuesday, left thursday).  the security lines were long, but that was expected, and they were processed quite quickly so no complaints there (they had four or five lines going at once).The food choices are a little BLAH, same for the "service employees", but what do you expect?  This is an airport afterall, not Caesar's Palace. shesh.FREE WIFI Internet was a blessing!  Everywhere else charges you $10/hr or some lame crap.  Not only was it FREE, but it was fast too. Bonus!No complaints on this world class airport. 5 stars.
2	+3 stars for slots-3 stars for having separate terminal hubs that necessitate going through security when you change hubs. what's the last thing you want to experience when your flight is an hour late and you're about to miss the last connecting flight back to SF? why, a security line moving slow as molasses and peppered with surly remarks from tsa reps.also, why schedule a flight to take off from a terminal hub when you subsequently shut the gates on that hub and require any future entering patrons to receive escort from a police officer?+2 stars after all this talk of free wireless. i look forward to using it next time us airways decides i'm not lucky enough to catch their connecting flight after all and i'm stranded in veggy overnight.
5	Really I dont understand the point of reviewing an airport. You have no other choice when flying into Vegas. Or any other city for that matter. As far as my travels go, McCarran is one of the best airports in the US. Yes its crowded, and yes there are waits for security, but would you really want to just walk right through. At least there are things to do during a layover. And why to so many people complain about the fact that there are slot machines in it. Its Vegas...nobody complains about gaming in everything else...grocery stores, gas stations, its everywhere. And lets face it, thats why you are coming here. Without it you may as well go somewhere else. If you really want to complain about an airport, go to Reno instead....you'll be back to Vegas after that experience, and with nothing bad to say about our wonderful airport.
4	Best Airports to be drunk in1) Narita/Tokyo- Come on, it's made of glass and you can ride the monorail for about 3 hours and everyone's too polite to tell you to get off.2) Chicago O'Hare- There's a mother f.ing neon tunnel (put on some The Dark Side of the Moon in that and you'd be bumped up a spot)3) McCarran- Las Vegas. You just spent 12 hours in Vegas. It's inevitable, how can you not be drunk? The stone Lizard and Snake make great props and the mesmerizing slot machines make you forget you're waiting for a flight back home while the rest of your friends are still tanning at the pool. Bitches.Look a quarter! Deposit. Pull. Cherry, Cherry! Cherry!!!.....Lemon  =( Oh fuck. Well at least it's time to board.
2	I don't like this airport although its the portal to excitement.....so my experiences thus far this year onlydelayed 4 hours on my birthday in may.....that was really fun. arrive at 11:30 pm last Friday night and stood in a 1 hour cab line for and hour watching this gross hairy man stick his tongue repeatedly down his non interested girls throat in 103 degree weather......at least it was a dry heat.upside: on the way to the airport these three men from Kansas shared a cab with us and paid for the whole thing.......thanks guys!!!!!
4	4 stars with the upgrade to "No Smoking" in the terminals. McCarran is a number of different airports, depending on what airline you fly.  Overall, I think they do a great job for the amount of people (especially amateur fliers) that they handle. Some basic tips to get out easier and better ... -  TSA lines - Arrive above 2 hours before.  The crowds get worse as you get closer.  Too, get watch for weekends like "Pro Rodeo" week, because those cowboys can't remember or see their huge belt buckles (over their huge bellies) that they have on.  And typically require twice as much time to get thru (and with a whole huge crowd ... do the math)-  Take an MP3 player - Drown out the slots with music, and helps made the time go faster.  Simple solution.-  Get out your notebook - There is FREE internet access in the terminals.  Can kill a lot of time surfing the internet ... -  Bring snack foods with you - Give shops are slim pickings.  But there are Subways to be somewhat healthy.  -  Hungover?  - Sit in one of the many bars ... now without smoking, you can sit and enjoy your drink and not smell like an ashtray on your flight.
1	OK--WTF?  4 stars, 5 stars for THIS airport???Yes, it is very Vegas because you can gamble.  However, it is badly organized and is not built to put up with the traffic that now passes through it. First of all, check-in for Southwest was disorganized,  The woman at the self check-in was impeding the process rather than helping it. C/D Security lines were a NIGHTMARE.  Long lines, endless bottlenecks and endless waits.  The security personnel were rude and cranky.  Our plane was delayed forever and when we did finally get to the runway there was a line of planes 10 deep waiting to take off.  Planes are always delayed here (so much so that the flights home also count in over 456 minutes of delay BUILT into the schedule).
4	I don't travel as much as some people, but I really like the fact that it's so easy to navigate.  Signs are clearly marked that it's nearly impossible to get lost.  You can also play the slots while you wait for your flight which is something you can't do at most other airports.  There's a decent amount of restaurants spread throughout the airport as well.  It didn't take me long to get through security or anything.  I wouldn't mind having a layover or a delayed flight here.
3	I guess this airport must be commanded for its capacity to serve over 15million visitors to Vegas. Ok, not all 15 million ppl fly into Vegas but I would assume a pretty large quantity of folks do. The insanely long taxi and security longs are not fun, it's public holiday and summer holiday Disneyland lines! And this is on a regular basis, week days, weekends, non-holidays, I guess it gets worst during major public holidays! I can't imagine. No doubt, there are slot machines in the airport but the lines is such a turnoff! Everyone freaks out and know abt those lines and always be prepared to show up much earlier than your scheduled flight!
3	The lines are insanely long despite of the hours you fly in and out. Perhaps I've just been flying in and out at the wrong times?!! The only comforting factor perhaps is that they have TCBY. For some reason, TCBY is not in SF or am I missing out? Love the chocolate yoghurt(?) with mixed nuts, YUM! Line, what line? Wait, what wait?
4	I realize that many cities attract a variety of people, but if you ever want to see a place where everyone (and I mean EVERYONE, from all walks of life) comes to visit, this is the airport to check out.  I've only flown in and out of McCarran once and have been back many times to pick up friends.  It was very much like any other airport.  Print out your boarding pass, wait in the security line, wait at the gate, get on your plane.  But rewind, cause it's not like any other airport.  Whether you are taking off or landing at night you can catch an awesome view of the city and strip.  A sea of glorious lights surrounded by complete nothingness.  As for the baggage claim, it's basically a mini casino.  The minute you start descending on the escalator to the scoop up your luggage, your senses are completely bombarded.  All the lights and sounds from the Wheel of Fortune slots, the huge video screens advertising Carrot Top, the smell of cheap perfume, and so much money floating around you can almost taste it.  And this is just the airport!  Grab a cab and check out the rest of the city, viva las vegas.
3	A small-ish airport for a growing city. They'll probably need a new one built on the other end of town just to keep up with the ever-increasing flow of people. And..you'd think with Vegas' reputation they'd have at least a flashier one. Maybe the new one on the other side of the city should have giant roulette wheel-shaped terminals flanked by 200 foot stripper poles.
3	McCarran is unlike most airports in the world. First, you can gamble on slots at every gate and terminal. You can also smoke in designated places, usually a room near the slots. The baggage claim area is huge, with perhaps 18 carousels, and large video screens and full color signs showing you all the entertainment options in town. Its quite a show right there. The taxi stand has a long line and marked pick-up stalls of at least 30. The newest major change in the past couple of years is the new off-site rental car center, where all the main companies are located about a 10 - 15 minute ride south of  the airport. The other thing about this airport is that it is right near the main Strip, so you can see the gleaming gold buildings as you land. However, it can take you 30 minutes or more to go the 3 to 5 miles to get to your hotel due to traffic congestion. This airport has expanded many times. However, with close to 50 million passengers per year through here, it is still bursting at the seems. Beware that lines can be very long, especially through security and especially on big getaway days like Sunday and Monday. Plan to get here early then. It can take you 15 minutes past the airport to drop off your rental car, another 15 minutes for the ride to ther terminal, another 15 minutes to find your counter and check in, another 15 -20 minutes to get to security, another 5 - 10 minutes to take the train to your gates (if you are out on C or D concourse) and another 5  mintues to find your gate. And that is if everything goes smoothely!
2	1 star because I won $25 from a slot machine.1 star for not being Philadelphia or ATL.With that said, I am just not a fan. It's almost as though they have built your typical casino minus the hotel rooms complete with the same style lights and typical tacky interior decorating. The baggage claim systems really sucks. We went to the baggage claim that was on the screen. No bags. Went and asked someone and they referred us back to the same one. Again, no bags. Asked again, same result. Finally on a trip back to ask yet someone else out of pure luck, I happened to spot our bags sitting among about 10 others at random on the floor no where near the originally stated baggage claim. For all the crap that airports preach about not leaving baggage unattended, this seemed pretty messed up to me.Security lines are long and S.L.O.W. I don't have much of a choice when flying in to Las Vegas but this is not a favorite airport. Ick.
2	Uggghhh, this airport-- I've had to fly in and out of here a few times for work and it's hell. As if I didn't get enough of the slot machine noise or long-ass lines already ...The lines here are way, way long, the only perks are the free wi-fi inside while you wait for your flight and a few decent places to get snacks. Otherwise, avoid like the plague.
2	I hate the sound of the "one arm bandit," and to no surprise there they sat in front of the gate.The airport is small and clean. No complaints here.
4	I love an airport that feels like a casino.  If they had free cocktails and waitresses in little skirts, I'd give 'em the full five stars.  There is good people watching here if you run outta quarters.
3	Anyone notice the annoying "hold the handrail" messages, voiced by:- Rodney Dangerfield- Dick Clark- Yogi Bear- Don Rickels (he kept saying "hey dummies")- Fat Albert- Radio City Rockettes (*shudders*)On the bright side, McCarran offers:- free wireless Internet access, which my friend's iPod Touch could exploit (but not my crappy phone)- free access to slot machines, if you're into gambling
1	McCarran has huge revenue available to make any grade of airport they want.    With resources available, they make very poor use of the money and seems to be extremely poorly managed.   Do not expect to get in and out of the aiport quickly if you have a rental car and check bags.   Here is how it went today.....and this applies to Terminal 11.  Rental cars:   It is at a separate facility for all companies about 5 minutes away from the airport.    They seem to have this part right.   With the huge crowds it moved pretty well with buses lined up to shuttle passengers.  With this extra logistics add another 15 min to your normal schdule2.   Ticketing:   This is more under control of the airlines.   This part went ok.3.  Security checkin:   This is where it went down hill fast.   With thousands of people in line on this mid November Saturday afternoon.  Securitiy is yelling at people to get into four lines, four abreast.   There were no markings or aisle lanes or roped lanes.   It was a free for all making a tangled mess of hundreds of people squishing against each other.   This was the first bottleneck   When you reached the ID checkpoint....it then necked down to ONE lane for security checkin.   This caused a huge bottleneck and everyone had to go through the line serially.  After they put both me and my carryon through the microwave oven, nearly an hour passed.3.  Train to the terminals.   Don't think you are at the gates yet.  You still need to take a train to the airplane gates.  This adds another 10 min4.  Restrooms.   One of the worst I have ever seen at any major city.   It was just plain FiLTHY.   The seat liners were the cheapest quality I have ever encountered, tearing no matter how carefully you pulled it out.   Wads of torn liners littered the back of the latrine because other frustrated "users" just had it with this nonsense.  They were also out of paper towels.Why one star?   This airport has as much money as it wans to make a first class airport.   They may have spent alot of money, and if they did, they squandered it.   Its very poorly organized and poorly maintained.  Chicago and Los Angeles are busier but handle the crowds much better and have better facilities.One and only good thing I can say about McCarran....It has free WiFi.....but it's not the reason why I came to the airport.     However.....if you just want to sit at the airport and use their free WiFi....that's a whole different story.........
1	This was my greatest airport experience ever!+3 stars for canceling our first flight and making us wait 4 hours for a new flight at a different terminal with a different security checkpoint.+2 stars... one for each of the friendly ladies that assured me that all our  baggage would be transferred to our new flight.+4 stars for then singling us out for the most degrading, totalitarian security checkpoint I've ever had the pleasure to experience. The joys of having every single item in our carry ons exhumed and swabbed for chemical traces by surly geezers in neckerchiefs has to be experienced to be believed.+1 more star for the fat dreaded dude with braces who asked me who my new wife was, and when told, proceeded to ogle her like a piece of meat before gurgling a monosyllabic note of approval... What the hell, I'm feeling generous!+4 stars for making us wait in a crowded terminal with hordes of coughing, hung over zombies for three hours while every conceivable flight from anywhere to everywhere was canceled due to mechanical failure.+2 stars for actually letting us get on to an airplane before sending us back out to rot under the tender glow of a billion gently pinging slot machines.+3 stars for turning my funny, bubbly bride into a teary nervous wreck. Who wants to make out 24/7 when you can have the love of your life regale you with (increasingly believable) conspiracy theories?+5 stars for then losing the bag that contained said bride's handmade wedding dress previously worn solely by her dearly departed mother, rendering both of us panic stricken and sorely ignored by airport personnel in SFO until we finally made our way past every baggage terminal and found the damn bags ourselves.But I have to take away every star but one, because I hate God... and all his beautiful creatures.
1	I think there was no planning when this airport was built. No sense of direction on where to go and its like it takes forever to get to the bagage claim. It's just plain ugly.
2	Um, this place sucks.It gets two stars only because it's close to the Strip (though beware the effing taxi bandits that will try to take a circuitous route and screw you out of double what the ride to your hotel should cost).The decor is hideous and outdated and the food options are disgusting. Subway was the best out of many crappy options and it was SEVEN DOLLARS for a 6" tuna sandwich!!! WTF?I want to kick this airport in the shins.
3	When you can play slots at an airport... you are in heaven... :)I thought the airport was pretty well organized...lots of eateries to choose from....What flabbergasted me..is I took a pretty damn early flight *8:30 am* flight out on a Sunday morning...and the place was packed like it was Thanksgiving weekend!  Most were bleary eyed...and haggard.... so I fit right in... :)
2	While I connect through McCarran regularly for Southwest flights, I've not actually checked in here in about 6 years.  How things have changed.  I'm thankful a colleague warned me about the ridiculously long security lines, otherwise I'd have likely missed my flight.  Masses of humanity, slow security lines, and grotty bathrooms makes McCarran resemble the Delhi Airport.  It pains me to think of what this airport will be like when the 30,000 new hotel rooms currently under construction are completed. Ouch.
3	"What is that weird beeping sound invading my ears? Oddly soothing and enticing at the same time.... what...slot machines?? Oh... yeah."This was my first thought deboarding from my 45 min flight from LA to Vegas. I guess this girl needs to wake up and smell the sin in the city. Again going with my theory of airports reflecting the city they are in I find the terminal and baggage claim areas look like the floor of a casino complete with slots machines and blingy ads for the various shows currently playing around the city. Pretty easy to get in and out of, however the baggage claim isn't always right - we were waiting at one carousel for our baggage (as it was showing our flight on that screen) only to find it circling the carousel next door.  Right next to the strip though, even if it does end up taking about 15 minutes to get there because there is no straight angle to it, you have to go around the airport to get there (great for taxis I am sure)
5	Normally a 4-star airport, it will be a 5-star establishment if I manage to actually get on a plane here in Birmingham "more rain than you care to fly in", Alabama and make it to Las Vegas later this morning, en route to SF. Once in Vegas, I plan to drink to excess and gamble all of my money away on high-stakes slot machines. This should take me approximately 40 minutes, which is good, as I only have a one hour layover. Cross your fingers, bitches! I need to get home like nobody's business. Post-Vegas, I'll fill you all in on the 5-star attractions while they're still fresh in my mind. In fact, this may be my first EVER sober visit to this particular airport. Congratulations, me! I'm on my way back, bitches! Brace yourselves.
4	One star for free wifi.One star for the nice bartender I always stop by and see in terminal D who puts extra vodka in my bloody mary.  A lot of extra vodka.One star for the much improved gates C and D...even when there's a line, it moves FAST, compared to other airports.Two stars for the lady's voice on the TV screens that starts out with "Sir!  Excuse me! Sir!"  and never fails to make every single person stop dead in their tracks and look around for the person calling them.  I nearly pee myself laughing every time, although it's gotten me a few times too when I'm sleepily boarding the red eye....Minus one star for the baggage claim.  Baggage claim monster, you are an asshole and one day someone hiding in a 300lb golf bag will assassinate you.
3	Vegas.. New Year's... expecting the worst.But really, it wasn't that bad. Got in and out pretty easily.But dang... for Vegas.. I was expecting more glitz and glamour -- more over the top! And more places to eat/drink/relax... But, unless you're satisfied playing slots and eating pizza hut... you're kinda screwed.(-1 star for a limo driver from the bellagio picking up a passenger with the last name, "HO" and giving my friends fodder to joke that "my limo was here")
4	This is one friggin' huge airport!  If I'm not mistaken, this one's bigger than the one in Dallas.This airport can be a good thing or a bad thing.  You see, once you land, you'll immediately see slots, which you can start your taste of Vegas.  (I guess that's a good thing...to get the party started!)  But, flying back home, you just might be tempted to spend your last $20 dollar bill on a slot machine...praying for that jackpot.  (That's bad, right?)Other than that, this is a godzilla of an airport.  You gotta take the monorail to get to anywhere.  The baggage claim area...goodness, you could get lost.Just get your bags and get the hell outta there and start partying on the Strip!
1	I hate you N.L.V.A. your mean and your floors are not comfortable - I'm sure I will be seeing you soon. P.s. i love you.
4	As far as airports go, I kinda like McCarran. Though I no longer live in Las Vegas, I grew up there and continue to visit several times a year. Security lines are rarely painful, baggage always arrives in a timely manner. Employees are mostly friendly and knowledgeable. ....Well, excluding the sky cap who was too busy flirting with the Pamela Anderson look-alike to let me know that my flight was 6 hours delayed. He could've changed my flight to a much earlier on-time departure and put my bags on the correct plane. Instead, I had to wait until I got inside to realize I was scheduled to sleep in the airport. I contacted airline personnel who helped us get home earlier, but our bags of course came on the "wrong" flight. No thanks to you, sucky curb-checker-inner. So, yeah. I like McCarran. But truthfully, the only other airport I've flown out of nearly as frequently is Oakland International and... well, don't get me started.
4	The fourth star is for the wide-open gambling in the terminal.  As if I haven't given enough of my hard-earned to the casinos, maybe, just maybe I can beat all the odds and hit the progressive Wheel o' Fortune jackpot spectacular before I board my flight home.  Oh, temptress Wheel!Big props--HUGE props for the FREE WIFI.  Thank you, airport.The food choices suck.
2	Quick flight to Vegas? Want to go in the air and land in under an hour? hahahahaa... Well if you did that you would find yourself here.I flew in for my bday not too long ago and it was hilarious. Slot machines in an airport? hahahahahha ONLY VEGAS DUDE!We had to walk alot since we were SO lost, it was SO crowded, and the shuttle we got on to get to our hotel TOOK FOREVER! We had no idea how to get outside to get on the shuttle and the shuttle itself was a nightmare. Next time ask everyone and their mom how to get out to the cabs. Then cab it. Remember everyone! CAB IT! Screw the shuttle!
4	GINORMOUS airport and easy to get lost. If you fly into the older terminal, you'll have to take a shuttle ride to get to baggage claim--that's how huge it is. Anyway, this airport is one of the highest trafficked in the country which isn't surprising. If you end up in the newer terminal, you feel like you're already on the strip with slot machines, stores and restaurants surrounding you. It's sooo Vegas with such a glitzy airport.It's crazy to see the long lines going through security, but they seem like a well-oiled machine here. It's impressive that  everything is pretty organized, and lines go by quickly.
3	An airport with slot machines in Vegas, go figure.  My trip was painless through here but there were a lot of people trying to get their luggage despite that we arrived in the middle of the night.  But over all... no problems to report.
4	Crazy, huge airport with bright lights and slot machines and a tram.  Nutty airport.You get 4 stars airport for letting me win $150 buckaroos off your Wheel of Fortune slot machine.  You paid for my Vegas trip!  Thanks.  K.I.T.
3	based on my stop-over here, it's pretty clean but kinda confusing... my gate (B3) was between gates and so as i was on the people-mover i watched my gate pass me by! had to trek back - not a pain but a little strange. decent food options - burger king, chili's, but as a wanna-be health nut, i opted to try flatbread.where else an you gamble while you wait for your flight!
3	McCarran sucks Veg-ASS. It takes like 45 minutes to an hour just to get through security, and those lines wind around more than the lines at Disneyland - minus the cheerful Disney "cast members". When you ask an airport employee how long security check will take, you're either ignored and barked at. SFO security is so much bigger, and that airport is massive. McCarran is what you would expect of all things Vegas - crowded as shit and a mess of people walking around everywhere. 3 stars for the plethora of activities, minus 1 star for sucking at actually being an airport.
4	I never felt more like a waitress in the sky than I did on the Friday night flights from Phoenix to Las Vegas. Sheesh. A plane full of people wanting to start the party early. Guys buying drinks and asking us to give them to girls on the flight, people being loud, making plans on exactly what they're going to purchase with the million they're about to make on the slots. The flights out of Vegas were different. People wondering why they'd gambled so much, newlyweds and the sleep deprived. The one constant was the alcohol. I don't think we denied people entry to the plane anywhere other than Las Vegas. I think people forget that one drink on the ground equals two in the sky (because your blood thins in the altitude). So if you're drunk already before boarding, you'll be super drunk during the flight. If you do get kicked off a plane, luckily you're in McCarren. HUGE. It always struck me as funny to see people land here for the first time and be shocked to see slot machines in the airport. Yup. That and porn handed out to you as you walk out. Ah, Las Vegas.
3	HAHAHAHAlaughter! the airport is a joke!bref history:the remodeling of the airport was finaly done in the late 90's early 2000, it was ment to be a huge casino/mall style for when families/friends wait at the terminals they can gamble and kill time by eating at their fancy Vega Style restaurants.  Out side, on the gates portion is just baggage clame and parking.then comes 9-11 and the shut down of terminals to ticket holders only.  shops can no longer maintain buisness, floors are empty and the slot machines picking up dust..... hillarious!
2	This place needs a serious expansion.  They should take lessons from SFO on how to upgrade an outdated airport.  You'd think the government in LV/Nevada would see these huge hotels being built on the Strip and say "Wow, maybe it's time to really spend some money on the airport instead of making rinky dink changes."The traffic sucks ass, to the point where the cab driver, to save time, basically drops you off in the parking garage, making you hike literally the better part of a mile to the ticket counter, only to double back to get through security and then take a train to get to the concourse.Ain't gonna change anytime soon, as the Las Vegas real estate market is going to make their tax base smaller than Carrot Top's capacity for humor.Not one cool restaurant to be found here....Chili's To Go was the creme de la creme....At least it wasn't an Applebee's (but aren't they all owned by the same corporation these days?  Cheap microwaved food for everyone!)
1	Las Vegas is pure evil, embodying and embracing everything that is wrong with people.The view from the window seat as you're flying in says it all.  Concrete, parking lots, pavement, strip malls, more concrete...The moment you step off the plane, the irritating flashing lights and endless ringing and dinging of slot machines greets you.  You hardly need to walk 100 feet to start gambling.
4	As an out of state UNLV student I have flown out of Mccaran more times than I can count. But as far as airports go I like Mccaran. I like that Mccaran offers a shuttle to the C-Gates from the B-Gates, which I use when the security line is atrociously long to enter the C-Gates. I'm a big fan of Cinnabon, so any airport that has a Cinnabon gets extra points. I like Mccaran because most of the time the baggage arrives in a timely manner.  And lastly, I like Mccaran because its conveniently located.
3	As much as I hate airports, and as busy as it gets some days, the service at McCarran is actually pretty damn good.  I've been here probably more than any other airport in my life (which is a sad stat when you think about it) and this is not limited to about 10 times in the last 4 years.Considering how big the lines get especially at security checkpoint, they work amazingly quickly.  Mad props to them.Still ... it's a freaking airport.  How am I ever going to give it more than 3 stars?  Airports by nature are not enjoyable places.
4	I like McCarran.  Every time I've gone through here (4 times now), it's been super fast, clean, and easy on the eyes.  There's also free wireless here, which, although I've never used it, is a huge boon.I also like the food here, although selection is limited.  There's a Jody Maroni's Sausage Kingdom (actually good!) and Ruby's Dinette, which I like.  There's also TCBY.  Overall, I've only had pleasant experiences here.  Plus the boy and I won $40 here on slot machines.  Woot woot!
4	You're greeted by the hot air and the sound of slot machines as soon as you step out of the airplane. You know that you're in Lost Wages!!! The shuttle system is quite good, and the shops are nice too. Checked baggage also arrives promptly.
3	The TSA videos are funny. The lines suck. But lucky for Laurielynn and I, being TSA employees ourselves (although from San Jose), we were able to bypass the 30 minute security line and go though the employee line. Cool beans!I just wish the slots were looser...
3	Hell hath no fury more than a Sunday afternoon at McCarran International Airport.Why you ask? How about trying to fight for a flight home to LA? How about just trying to get to your gate when you are lost?It's just crowded. The security lines are understaffed. Your gate basically is in Baker, California. You have to take a tram to get to most of them. The gates that don't have the tram, well, if you need to switch flights, it'll probably be in another gate area, MILES AWAY.Sure, there's the 70 percent payouts on the slot machines that beckon your dollars, the taxi lines that move faster than Disneyland, and cab rides that are 9 dollars to the airport but 25 dollars from it, the only decent food is at the Ruby's, and the luggage area larger than Philadelphia, PA.Thursdays and Sundays are absolute hell, and I've been in there for a layover at midnight on a Friday, and it was still crowded. Go figure.
4	A lot of people don't like our airport, but after living in San Diego, I love it.  I can park AT the airport for $12/day, where in San Diego their airport lot is like $20/day.  And the walk to the gates is even closer here.  For $15/day you can valet your car... at the airport... how cool is that?The signage is really bad, so you gotta know where you're going when you're driving there, I will say that.  They don't tell you which terminal you want to go to for your flight, and you have to cut across a lot of lanes to get to the right area.  I'm a local, though, so I know where I'm going.I also really like that when I pick people up, I can park in the short-term area of the garage where they're metered.  Sure, I have to have change on me, but if you've got a good eye, just grab a spot that someone just pulled out of and there's probably plenty of time left on the meter for you to grab your friend from baggage claim.I've even had a couple of drinks at the bar by the C concourse and thought the drinks were pretty cheap compared to a lot of the clubs I go to in town.Everyone that works there seems pretty friendly, even though you know they're busting their asses nonstop, as busy as this airport is.I avoid flying in on Fridays and flying out on Sundays and never have much of a problem getting through security quickly.  I've never stood in the cab line from the airport, either, and I heard that's a nightmare.Keep up the good work, McCarran.
3	They do a damn good job considering how crazy busy this place is! I fly in/out of this airport all the time and have only been delayed ONCE. Worst part is the line through security.. I've honestly waited 55 minutes (and nearly missed my flight). Line to checkin isn't too swell either. hence why I avoid checking bags. While we're on the negatives.. food kinda sucks here too.. HOWEVER, they are pretty damn effecient considering how busy they are.. that cab line efficiency will blow your mind.
2	This airport is so stinking big!  Baggage claim is practically on the other side of Las Vegas. Once arriving, getting baggage, then had to get a taxi. There is this nightmarish line that is worse than any line for a new Disneyland ride. After about an hour in that nasty sweltering Vegas heat, we got our taxi...and that jerk tried really hard to take the long way to our hotel. It's not like it's my first time there, so I yelled at him. Now checking in, my dumb taxi driver dropped me of at arrivals, so that he wouldn't be stuck in the Sunday afternoon departure line. That's ok, but I did have to go up escalators, walk to the other side of town, then go back down escalators. Finally, I arrive at check in, which luckily, everyone is SO DAMN FRIENDLY. Probably just happy they have an AC at work.  Even TSA peeps are nice. I like that I could play slots if I wanted to. The restrooms are clean and plentiful. Plenty of places to get food and coffee. If I were to do it differently, I would have taken my hotel's shuttle to the airport. And I would pre-arrange transport, which is possible to do.
3	Considering that flights I've taken either to here or connecting through here have always been on time and landed safely, I guess they win overall.Two things that are frustrating are that this place is huge and you have to take the trams across the parking lot to get to the other terminal.  I prefer airports where when you get dropped off in front of your check in airline you get to just walk to your gate in 10 minutes, but whatever.The thing that is frustrating is the additional security screening at this airport. Every connection or flight I've had here requires that they do ADDITIONAL TSA screening randomly of baggage before people (who have obviously already been screened) have their bags searched again.  Their criteria for who they search is baffeling, and on my last flight they had searched a girl who looked Persian in descent but was carrying a bag the size of a greeting card and they spent a while going through it. Really?! Because I do believe that old white man just carried a big ass carry-on bag and nobody stopped him. Anyway, regardless I'll keep using this airport because making connections through here rarely have weather delays, but its certainly not my favorite airport.
3	the only airport in the whole entire united states that have slot machines. my question is, why not make it like a damn casino. the thing they are missing are the shopping area and poker tables. i minus 2 stars because of the amount of delay that happens in this airport. i believe they are doing it on purpose so people can play some more slots.
3	So I've never had a problem with this airport.  Maybe it deserves four stars.  But it presents a dilemma unique to Nevada airports, namely, that gambling could cause you to miss your flight.Now, I've never gambled at an airport, but I was tempted to during my last trip to Vegas.  But I'm such a worrier that I didn't start gambling because (a) I generally am afraid to get myself involved in anything before a flight leaves and (b) I always think about the unlikely scenario of winning a bunch of money right before you must board your flight.  What do you do?  Now, obviously, if you won $2.3 million, you'd miss your flight.  But what if you won, say, $48?  You wouldn't want to leave the card in the machine, but what if you couldn't cash out before your flight left?  Your $48 would be eaten by your $50 re-booking fee.Yes, these are the things I worry about.
2	The security line at McCarran is brutal.  At peak times, I've never seen anything longer.  Semi-drunk frat guys, sweaty obese people in tank tops, old people carrying their oxygen tanks and of course brats in strollers... you get it all in Vegas where all walks of humanity have to go home eventually.  I can't blame the TSA screeners.  They try to get people through the lines as quickly as possible, but they're woefully understaffed.  I even witnessed a screener get into a shouting match with some moron once who didn't know or want to know how to place his belongings in a bin.Once you get through security, McCarran is not bad but it sure is big.  You'll have to hop on a tram to get to half of the gates.  Not a big deal, but just give yourself time.  The airport has all the cinnabon and hudson news you could need with plenty of bars, restaurants and of course slot machines.  Almost as fun as flying out of McCarran is flying in on a Friday or Saturday evening.  Amateur hour indeed.  However, I must say McCarran has a bitchin' setup for rental cars with a major rental car complex.  Very efficient and user friendly.  Maybe there's a review coming for that.
1	I came through here today headed home after 4 days in Vegas...with a touch of the shakes...a little nausea and my no longer existing liver I just wanted to get in the airport and get some water and some food in my belly.I was in the security line that was for people with high airline status or first class tickets and thought that it would be easier but hell no it wasn't.  It was worse because they were using that puffer, bomb detector thing only in that lane....why that lane I don't know.  BUT it didn't work so they would run through people a couple times but both my bf and I were let through after attempts that didn't work so we were not screened at all.  Getting taxi's here is horrible too.  The line can be as long as 1,000 people in line.
3	I liked this airport every time I used it to land in or leave Vegas. It is clean, state of the art and has slot machines! Whats not to love about an airport with gambling.
4	How big is this airport?! I had to walk a lot just to get to my gate, but this has to be the best airport with slot machines and fun shops along the way for distraction. One downer was I did get stopped at the security screening as I had 1/3 bottle full of lotion in a 4oz bottle. Really? This is how we waste our security dollars? Oh well.
3	Too fuckin big. Jesus Christ I thought I would need a stretcher by the time I reached my gate. Security personnel are pretty hardcore. Don't look like you are having a good time, just remain somber and stare straight ahead. The "random" people they pulled from the line for additional searching seemed geared towards the loud still in party Vegas style mode people. Poor Bastards. I wasn't really feeling the slot machines in the Airport. People playing slots there seemed like they must have a gambling problem. Made me feel a little bad for people like that. Planes have always been on time and I made it in and out alive. What more can you ask for. Even hardcore Security workers have a job to do. 1star for Security1star for Planes on time1star for Luggage never being lost.
4	Arrived at 4:30 on a Thursday afternoon. Check in went fastSecurity went fastTram arrived quickly to get to my gateArrived at gate by 4:45Had chips and salsa while I watied for my 6:30 flight.Can't compalin
4	Easy in and out here. Your greeted with slot machines as soon as you get off and on. The got restraunts scattered so look for them. They got burger kind and subway i know. Nice place.
4	I've never been so entertained at an airport...  celebrities (saw Armand Assante!), good food (Wolfgang Puck Express), and slot machines.  Just when I thought I was done gambling they get me with Star Wars slot machines!  Only complaint was the Midwest Express counter (but I tend to have problems with them anywhere).  A 1 hour 15 minute wait to check in!  Crazy.
4	Dear everyone who is not in Vegas,Just landed here for the first time in my life to celebrate me and my boyfriends 21st birthdays!  Thought the airport would be a little more flashy but I love it here!  Sorry your not in Vegas!Sincerely,Nicole
5	One of the most logical and well organized airports I've ever been to.  Not quite on par with Detroit, but lightyears ahead of LAX, Dallas, Columbus, Cleveland, Paris, and Chicago.Cool shops, good artwork, and the nifty monorails!
2	I've been to this airport dozens of times in my life and watched its amenities and aesthetics vastly improve over the past decade alone. Hell, I even feel a slight joy just hearing the mind-numbing melodies of video slot machines from the jetway. But dammit, good people -- I implore you! Sink some of those gambling profits into a proper shuttle between ALL terminals. This whole walking four miles down some snaky serial killer stairs to wait for a crappy bus to take you to terminal B for a connecting flight leaving in a mere 20 minutes has got to stop.
1	Well, considering I came from and returned to MSP International (Lindbergh terminal), I'm surprized at how sparse this place feels.  And I'm disappointed.  There is no map/directory, so I had no idea what food was available, but there's room for slot machines (must be in Las Vegas or something).  We asked at the US Airways customer service desk, and she directed us to FlatBreadz -- which both my wife and I disliked.  The food we wanted wasn't available, the service was crummy and the food was not much better.I guess as an aiport it works -- we were able to fly out, but it sure doesn't seem like a place to visit, or shop, or eat, or just about anything else...
3	it's an airport, how exciting can it be. and usually don't spend much time here as i'm itching to leave it as soon as I get there each time to either go to the hotel or to go home! i like the free wi-fi. renting a car was pretty easy and not a total hassle.
4	I have no issues with this place, it's easily navigated and when you are either driving to pick someone up or someone is picking you up from a flight, it's easy to get to the parking area, I like that they have parking done with meters opposed to grouping you into a bulk of other people, ex: you park for 30 mins and you have to pay for 2 hours of parking, so crappy, so I like the parking at this place.When waiting for a flight, there's free wifi, there are nice places to stop in for a bite or a magazine, there's more gambling for those of us that go to Vegas for the "right" reasons.Good place.  Also, the location is nice compared to the hot spots in the city.
4	I'd give it 3 starts if it weren't for the fact that you can walk around with booze and you can play slots.  Other than that this place is not very special.  I think I'm bitter because I took US Airways.  Never will I ride them again.
4	Automatic 4 stars just because they have Wheel Of Fortune!!Hello picture of Thunder Down Under!! (I've been to that show, eh...that's another review). It's just nice to look at!You land, go on the monorail, head to the baggage claim, grab yourself an alcoholic beverage and you know you're in Vegas!!When departing, get there in plenty of time, the lines for the security tend to get real long.Great airport, but be prepared when you get out of the air conditioned terminal to the hot mess that awaits you!
4	I used to travel frequently for business, and being based in Vegas for a number of years, I spent a good amount of time at McCarran International Airport. The Big Mc gets 4 stars from me for several reasons:1.   This has got to be one of the BEST places to indulge in my secret pastime of people watching. It doesn't matter what time of day or night, there are always INTERESTING folk either coming or going into Vegas. There is also an over abundance of celebrities (A-list through D-list) and in January, the airport is overrun with porn stars in town for the annual AVN Awards.  2.   McCarran has continually evolved; adding amenities not found at other  airports (hello, there is a 24 Hour Fitness center on site), some pretty decent cuisine (Blue Burrito Grill, Gordon Biersch, Uno Pizzeria, Wolfgang Puck Express),  and a plethora of places to get loaded while you wait to catch your flight back home. The Jose Cuervo Tequileria is a favorite.3.   The airport is surprising neat and clean (relative term) compared to other places such as O'Hare, LAX, Hartsfield, DFW or Denver.4.   If you are in a gambling mood and want either one last shot at the big money, or are just arriving and can't wait until you get to a casino, McCarran has slot machines EVERYWHERE. For some reason I found the ongoing chant of "Wheel of Fortune" strangely comforting when waiting for my flights. NOTE:  Just a hint for those out of towners, though.....I lived there for 5 years and never heard of anyone hitting the jackpot at the airport.One downside can be the long waits in the security lines, but then again, this IS an airport in one of the most visited destinations in the world. Expect that travel in on a Friday and out on a Sunday or Monday will require more time to get through the security checkpoints. My advice to those cranky after 3 hours in line? Hit the Tequileria once you get to your terminal, you will feel better immediately, I promise!
2	Still surprised at myself that I went to Vegas at all (granted it was for a girlfriend's bachelorette party), I was bombarded from the moment I stepped off the plane with slot machines EVERYWHERE with associated "casino noise".  That alone pretty much summed up my trip - loud and crazy, with people and machines from every which-way trying to take money directly from your pockets!The airport had a train you had to take to get to the gates and/or baggage claim, similar to the Denver Airport, which is far nicer.  The layout of the airport definitely had ADD, with so many shops and restaurants in no apparent order.  I think I found three Bijoux Terrier shops wandering around with too much time to kill before my flight.  Thankfully, I was able to resist the urge to spend MORE money.
3	Any airport that possesses a Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, an Ethel's, and 37 thousand slot machines can't be all bad. Plus, it's so close to the Strip it hurts. If you're not de-boarding your plane and going to the Strip, that is.
3	I have a hard time giving any airport more then 3 stars. I really feel like all airports are breeding grounds for stupid people, and though I didn't have any specific experience here, I am sure I will at some point. Okay, now that I am off my bitter soap box... it is an airport that you can gamble in - if you like to gamble I can imagine this would be a pretty cool place to hang out, I have never really been a fan, so this is a moot point to me. Their C gate area is pretty nice. I comment on the C gate area because it is the only gate area I have had the pleasure of hanging out in. They have all of the over priced essentials, you can get your water and chapstick, and if you happen to be traveling with a person who loves Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf, they can get their fix! Every time I have been through security it has been hassle free - but I do not fly on the big Vegas travel days (i.e. every Sunday), I can only imagine the stupidity that occurs when packed full of sparkley outfits and drunks! Oh, I did see some areas to "plug in" computers, cell phones, etc., but they were all taken, so you may have to stalk your space if you need one!All and all a solid airport! Not a waste of space like Oakland Airport, but I wouldn't willingly want to have a layover or hang out here.
3	A$ $oon a$ you $tep off the plane in La$ Vega$, you know it.  Thi$ i$ one of tho$e airport$ where you know you have arrived in a different place immediately.  It exude$ La$ Vega$ $chtick.  Everywhere.From the ubiquitou$ $lot machine$ to the glitz and poli$h, it$ in your face ju$t like Vega$.I've been through here probably ten time$ and never had a problem with $ecurity or delay$.
5	They got good shops and stuff to walk around in. But I am giving props to the lost and found/TSA crew for finding my keys while this hung over trash totally forgets his stuff. I call and leave a message that night to lost and found about hour before they close at 11:30. In about 30 minutes they call me back and give me an item number and say to call back in the morning because they are about to close. 30 Minutes later they call me back and describe my keys. I say those are mine and they get my CC info and say ok here is your fed ex tracking number. In 3 days I have my keys in my hand.Thats what I call service! I know they are just regular honda keys but they are laser cut so i'm pretty sure they are expensive. They turned a potentially bad situation painless. Pure awesome on their job.
1	This airport sucks.  The only two good things about it are when it heralds your arrival into the land of milk and naughty, and when it eases your passage out again, hopefully still breathing and with some semblance of electrolites flowing between your cells.  The a/c never works very well, the bars are gross and seedy, and the only restaurant in the southwest terminal is horrific mexican with bad service and no a/c.  When one is leaving, one's head and soul need to be cradled in something pampering and lovely.  This is more like leaving through the gates of hades.  UGH.
2	I am not a fan of this airport. The only good thing about this place is the FREE WI-FI and decent selection of places to eat. Either than that, it's just a mess. Old, smelly, confusing layout, etc. I had a hard time figuring out where to be picked up. All I see are taxis on one side and limos on another. Where are regular cars suppose to go to in order to pick me up? Apparently there's a bridge I must cross in order for regular cars to pick me up. Kinda confusing if you never been to this airport before. It just feels like a messy layout and it's not easily fly in and fly out. Long lines quite often. It needs a renovation.  But keep the Wi-Fi! It's the only good thing going for them right now!
5	Free WiFi in Vegas?  Excellent.Solid food options, unlike pretty much any other airport.People mover or walkways.Great baggage claim.Efficient, artistic, and even slot machines.I love the self contained smoking stations too.....like a bunch of people sealing themselves in a coffin to inhale something deadly....perfect.
3	For as modern and up to date as most of Vegas is, the airport really lags behind.  It has gotten a little less smoky which is nice, and free wi-fi is a nice touch.  They really could use some of those express conveyor belt walkway things as some of the gates are really long.
3	I will say this airport is pretty crowded since it's small...but it does have free wifi and slot machines. So how can you not hate it that much??Not a bad airport to be stuck in - I have been in some horrible ones lately!!
3	It does what it needs. Takes me to Vegas or is a layover for my back east red eyes.Of course the airport is quite Vegas. It's boisterous, crowded, and almost a little crazy. And naturally there are slot machines EVERYWHERE.It's easy to get into and out of.And it sure as hell beats driving there!
4	I'm no world traveler, but McCarran is one of my favorite airports, if not my MOST favorite.There's always something to do there, and the carousels for luggage are convenient and right by the shuttles and taxi area.  This airport is well designed for the newbie traveler, and always a breeze to go through.The gambling, while some love it, is okay - like I said, it at least gives you something to do to pass the time in the terminal.  But there are also shops, restaurants, and bars to occupy your time as well.  It's just a well laid out airport.
1	Just thinking about flying into this airport makes my skin crawl. Worst baggage claim IN THE WORLD. Seriously. I've waited longer for my bags the 20x in this airport than the 150x I've flown into San Diego combined. Plus you stand there for so long you have to listen to the obnoxious showtunes loops at least five times before you can escape to the cabline.... and then... Horrible drop off and pick up layout. The cab lines are obscene. It doesn't matter that they have multiple lines, a guy directing you to one of 30 pickup stations and 18 million cabs on tap to get you, you're still doomed to a hot or freezing 30+ minute wait in the stupid line along with hundreds of other morons. Oh yeah, and when youre waiting to fly out, you get to listen to the blipping bleeping blapping of the godforsaken slot machines. Usually by the time you get to leave, you are overspent, overstimulated and over Vega$$$ so the continued noise level doesn't help. Blargh. Vegas is so love and/or hate on all levels for me.
2	This requires little thought.One of the most depressing airports I have ever been to in my life.  Hung over rapist bachelour party douches slumped in their seats of misogny mixing with mindless losers that knew the odds and thought they might be the one... going home with an empty wallet, reeking of smoke, and sitting on their worthless asses.Wow.  Harsh.
4	Slot machines! In an airport! Show booking concierge! In an Airport!Except the layout SUCKS MAJORLY. Why on earth should anyone have to take any kind of shuttle in a midsized airport? It's beyond me. But it's really cool taking off and landing with views of the strip.I am a world traveler, and LAS is a damned decent airport. Make sure you don't come too early, though, because if you get bored, you WILL end up using the slot machines.
4	Wow, you don't even have to wait to get to the casino to gamble.  There's slot machines right there when you step off the plane !!!I've been through several major airports.  This one's extremely busy and lines can be long, long, long, including the cab line when you exit.But I like the airport and certainly get the feel that I've arrived in "Vegas" as soon as the plane starts to land.  I actually think the airport is laid out in a fairly convenient manner.  The signs give clear directions.  It's easy to find your way.  Baggage claim area is like a zoo, but the cab and shuttle lines are just out the door.  You don't have to drag your bags too far.Lots of interesting characters wandering around or slumped over here waiting for their flights if you're into people watching.
4	If there was better food here this would be an easy 5 stars. Why?FREE WIFI! Got a chance to catch up on all my emails and write up my post conference notes before jumping on the plane. Which will make me sleep great tonight without stressing about work tomorrow.
2	McCarran was my first Las Vegas Experience (TM), and I'm really glad it didn't set the tone for the entire trip, because boy howdy - it sucked. I haven't been to more than 4 or 5 airports in my life, and this one is by far my least favorite. It isn't just the massive amount of people, it's the fact they're a massive amount of really pushy tourist people interspersed with cranky TSA agents, hotel employees, taxicab drivers and drifts of glittery, blinky souvenirs. Strangely fitting, as this is the first of many steps leading up to the altar of human greed and excess, but GOOD LAWD. Flying is always marginally upsetting for me, but this place nearly gave me a panic attack. The security staff is especially unfriendly. I like to watch them work (from well behind the Uncrossable Line) because I think it's interesting - oooh, shiny, big machines, fancy technology! Evidently this is an entirely inappropriate thing for my mother and I to be doing, and was met with death glares from 70's Moustache Employee. We didn't notice, and he deemed it ineffective - thus leading his co-workers to stand next to him and similarly cross their arms and glare at us. I suppose those with better social programming would pick up this signal, but I was entirely confused and oblivious until he told he we Couldn't Do That. Heaven fuggin' forfend. You don't (not) talk to my momma like that.  Somebody - or a whole cast of somebodies - needs to take some happy pills. People keep them in their luggage on occasion, feel free to pinch a couple.
4	It all starts and ends at McCarran.  The facilities here are above average.  It's a decent-sized airport, but heck, I don't know if its as big as some of the casinos!  There is free wifi, many slot machines peppered throughout, lots of shopping options, and all kinds of dining options.  So, it's a bit of a microcosm of Vegas...although I didn't manage to eye spy a strip club.
2	Wow, I really dislike McCarren. Why?-Slowest TSA staff ever.. how long does it take to look at my boarding pass and ID? Seriously. -A shuttle to my terminal? -Absolute circus in the baggage claim area. -Reminds me of a bad shopping center. Don't think I can spend more than an hour here.
4	McCarren was a much better airport than I thought it would be. I had to connect through Vegas on a recent trip to Phoenix and for layovers, this is a really good airport. We landed in terminal D and there were tons of shops and restaurants. As soon as I got of the plane I saw a Wolfgang Puck Express restaurant. The only major downside I experienced was having to go through security again as our connecting flight was in terminal A. Why couldn't they have designed this airport so that you can travel between terminals without having to leave the secure area and go through security again? Security was easy, but this inconvenience results in the loss of a star. Getting to A from D was easy though, as a smooth, modern monorail connected D to the other three terminals. One of the signature features of this airport is the slot machines throughout the airport and they are everywhere. They're there when you get off your plane; they're in the central part of the airport; they're all over each terminal. Overall, McCarren Airport is a surprisingly nice airport that makes layovers easier. And the best part ... free wifi (which Cleveland still can't figure out how to do)!
3	I had two layovers here.  I think the whole time I slept on my plane I could not stop hearing in my head, "Wheel-Of-FORTUNEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"  Does there really need to be slot machines at every freakin terminal?  It is so obnoxious after awhile.  And people are screaming that they're going to win this time and wasting dollar after dollar, pressing "SPIN" and "Max Bet."  Keep contributing to Vegas' thriving economy.  The place itself is a zoo.  It's huge, but surprisingly, it is quite easy to find your way around.  Everyone, I personally encountered that worked in the stores and coffee shops were really nice.  This is probably one of the best places to be "stuck" is you have time and money to waste.
3	This is the strangest airport to me...Half the people are excited the other half looks beaten
3	It's not cool that you tempt me with slot machines the minute I arrive in Vegas AND when I leave! Horrible, but I like the way the people who built this airport think....slot machines! However, I dislike that I have to walk through the airport to get to my destination and....the hungover people who could possibly puke on me after a long night of fun before leaving Vegas...uncool. The baggage claim takes forever, so I think putting slot machines as a concept to suck people into spending their money...damn you airport!
3	LAS represents itself well in "Vegas" style. Advertisements wherever your eyes turn for all the big destinations along the strip. Of course, what's Vegas without a lot of Slot Machines? The machines are everywhere, complete with staff with the word CHANGE embroidered across their vest. Beware, Food is EXPENSIVE here. 8" sub for $8.50, Port of Subs. Other restaurants include Wolfgang Puck Express, Chili's to Go, and Starbuck's. Oh yeah, and an "Oxygen Bar" complete with Massages. I've never seen one of those, but I'm told they also have them in Seattle.
3	My favorite things about the airport? 1. There's a Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf near the C gates. 2. It's close to the Strip, but not as close as you think. There are a ton of stop lights that will come between you and and the hotel casino driveway. What I don't like: 1. When you get dropped off at the airport, it's a total free for all in the departures area and you need to pay extra attention that you don't get hit. I watched, over the course of a week, several near collisions between man vs. car, and it wasn't pretty. 2. For an airport that small, I wish things were built a little closer in. There are only 2 terminals, and one is used WAY more than the other. The gates that serve Terminal 1 are so spread out that you have to take the tram. Ugh. 3. There are *maybe* two de-icers on site, so when it snows (like it did during the week we were there), the airport cannot function and will close. Bummer if you're scheduled to fly. I was not, but two days later, an interesting thing happened. First flight of the day, and the aircraft had been sitting overnight. As a result, there was ice on the wings. We had to park in the sun to melt some ice, and when there wasn't enough sun on one of the wings, what did we do? We repositioned the aircraft to the sunnier side, of course. You can't make this up. We killed an hour and twenty minutes waiting for mother nature to do her thing and melt the ice. Hell, I'da climbed onto the wing and scraped it off with a credit card if I were allowed to. All in all, ticket lines seem to move quickly when you're checking in, but those screening checkpoints are another thing. The lines were awfully lonnnnnng for those. 4. I also don't like that the majority (a huge majority) of the hotels don't provide a shuttle service to the hotel. You have to take a taxi, which can run you about 15 to 20, depending on where you go. Viva Las Vegas!!!
2	+ The D gate area has a bunch of Starbucks', which is right up my alley.+ There's this awesome store that sells south western shit, and I got an awesome figurine of a Jackalope. They also had Jackalope salt and pepper shakers. I almost bought my friend a dream catcher, but I figured I could find those anywhere. You have no idea how stoked I was about the Jackalope stuff, that turned this rating from 1 star to 2. I wish they had a chupacabre figurine to go along as a set.- Everything else.- Cheapest thing to eat here is $10, wah- Had the grossest cheeseburger of my life at Ruby's, which was 10 bucks. They asked me if I wanted fries and a drink, but as I'm not a millionaire, I declined.
4	I arrived at the airport a little over 2 hours before my flight in the evening. It was not busy at all. I got my bag checked in to United and then I procedded to security. There was a First Class line on the left side of the D gates. That line was totally empty so I got through security in a few minutes.As I arrived at the gate, I found many power outlets under the seats so I plugged in my computer and attempted to get online. I turned on my WiFi connection and found that they provided free WiFi. I connected up to the Internet and the speed on the connection was great.
3	If I were reviewing the people IN this airport, there would an ugly ultra-violet yellow one-star here. BUT. BECAUSE this a review for the physical airport... you receive 3. My previous experience here was pleasant. I had no need to check-bags, and I was able to use the general boarding pass printers you provide for multiple airlines to bypass the lines. Your security checkpoint also appeared to be revamped, and worked for me. My first experience here, however, was horrible. I believe your baggage claim process took a total of one-hour, as the luggage didn't appear to be unloaded until after every member of your staff had taken a sh*t. One after the other.
3	Dear LAS,I've been debating for some time whether or not I should select you as a layover for my next trip to Western New York.  You see, last time we hung out, you behaved rather poorly.  Although you said it wasn't your fault, and then offered some half-assed apologies, I have yet to fully forgive you.I think you're an OK airport.  I appreciate the free wifi, the kitchy slot machines (excessive but fun) and ample power outlets should I want to take out my laptop or blow dry my hair.  You are quite large (which in many cases is a good thing) and still you manage to be fairly well organized. Yet, you offer few dining decent dining options ($15 for a slice of pizza and a soda -- really?!) and a lot of the people working onsite should perhaps consider mood elevators.Furthermore, our last time together, you left me stranded for 4 hours (four hours!!!) to hang out with ...the former president.  You picked GW over me?! I know that you said his visit was unexpected/unplanned and that it was *all* business, but still -- the pain is just too fresh.  Maybe we can eventually be friends. Maybe.For now, I'm going to stick with PHX. I hope you understand.Kisses,Kari S.
1	Awful.  Billion mile lines for baggage claim, car rentals, security, taxis, everything.  After you land, plan on taking 2-3 hours to get your stuff and get out of the place.  Longest waits I have ever had in my life for an airport taxi.  Maybe some taxi drivers need to move to Vegas.
3	Of course you know that if you ever head down to Vegas, most flights are direct......if  your flight isn't a direct flight that just plain sucks, that just adds an additional hour or two to a two to three hour flight.  So this review does get the parking and security considerations because it was my destination, though I have flown into McCarran as a stop over.*WARNING - YMMV (Your Milage May Vary) and one star is completely biased*  Can you guess which?1.  Parking - 1 STAR - We taxied our way around Vegas so we didn't deal with parking at all....especially since we were a little sinful in our consumption of the "Happy Holy Water."  But from what I could see outside of baggage claim, tons of parking in their garage...2.  Security - 1 STAR - We actually got through wicked fast, of course it was a Sunday, but at 0800 hrs, prime time traffic hour it could've been worse.  Bottom line, quick and efficient for all!3.  Food - 1 STAR- It's Vegas Baby!  Food aplenty and lots to choose from.4.  WiFi - 1 STAR!  Not only free, but fast!5.  Smoking - NO SMOKING IN THE CITY OF SIN AIRPORT!  Are you Sh*t*ng ME?!  NO STAR FOR YOU!  McCarran was actually a stop over for me one year and I remember needing a smoke SOOOO BAD!  I was all happy thinking that we'd be stopping in Vegas..I mean gambling, sex,  booze, smoking at the airport's a given, at least it was back in the early 90's........OMG!  You can't imagine how I felt when we landed and I found out that it had become a non smoking airport........OKAY.....I need to find my happy place........Okay......I took an additional star off for the smoking thing....I mean, seeing four stars there just didn't look right to me....SEE! I'm biased.
3	I generally don't feel inclined to review airports, because it's the equivalent to going to the dentist for me. With the unavoidable--"Sir, we're going to have to check your bag"--routine that my camera gear brings forth, I fail to see the joy of an airport. The slot machines at Vegas's airport, however, never seem to fail mesmerizing me. Watching people constantly go broke before boarding a plane is nothing short of brilliant. That last fix before heading out of town; it's marvelous. My favorite part, however, is taking off the runway and seeing the strip. As ridiculous as I think the strip is--I still think it's an amazing sight and moreso from an ascending airstrip.
4	for the first time in my life, i had to fly into Vegas by myself.the thought of it did not make me happy at all...believe me, i told my bf that he better be there to pick my a$$ up hahaha.but i got there.  never realize how easy it is to get out of my plane and walked to the baggage claim w/ people walking everywhere and slot machines going w/ all the Vegas theme decor and small bar ready for you etc.  i never noticed.  guess i was always in conversation w/ someone when we get to vegas.  this time, i had time to really look around.  i was comfy enough to walk to baggage claim and get my bags & then went to catch a $8 shuttle ride to my airport without any issues.  now, i can meet anyone in vegas all by myself :)
3	McCarran seems to have cleaned up its security-line act since the mid-00's.  I can remember spending twenty minutes in line on a Sunday afternoon.  I was there a little later this year, around 4 pm, and I breezed right through and was early enough that I would have made the earlier flight to MDW if it weren't full.  Also, the cab line on a Friday night used to be a nightmare; this time, instead of waiting thirty minutes, we got a taxi right away.This place has been a thorn in my side for a long time, though.  One year they had a blackout.  A blackout in an airport!  Who ever heard of such a thing?  Another time it rained and flooded the runways; about 90% of the flights were delayed or cancelled.  I was forced to spend an extra night in Vegas (and not the fun way).This year, one of the two trams was broken, so we had to wait a few minutes.  My friends who arrived earlier in the day said that there were huge crowds waiting for the tram.So under the best of circumstances, McCarran does what it's supposed to do.  Otherwise, watch out!
2	It's an old airport, so I guess I should be light on it, but I'm not.  The people were rude when I went.  The guy at the gate was insolent and ignored me half of the time.  I was connecting from DC to Portland and it was fairly late at night.  They did have free wi-fi if I remember correctly, which is really nice and allowed me to entertain myself to wait for the connection flight.  I'm not impressed with the atmosphere.  I'm not into gambling and there's slots everywhere.  Why can't people wait to blow off all of their money until they enter the casinos?  It is a big airport and it's not easy to navigate.  Having casino atriums didn't help much either.
4	The only airport I have not had probs during my trip. Very clean. Wish it had more stores.
3	God damn!  I never seen so many TSA people strapped with latex gloves and bitchie looking Homeland Security people checking everyone's boarding passes and ID's.  I guess they just keep getting stricter and stricter at the airports.Damn them for getting me to lose $30 on the slot machines over here while waiting for our flight back to San Jose too.I bet if they had tables here, a shitload of people would be missing their flights and it'd be impossible to get a stand-by flight if you're late to your terminal check-in.
4	I really felt like I was in Vegas when i got off the plane and saw  MANY SLOT MACHINES in the airport!!
3	Free WiFi: ExcellentRestaurant Choices: PoorEmployees: TroubledSecurity: Very Smooth although it looks scary as you enter the lineVery easy to get in and out of this airport, I like the funny person on the loud speaker, made me laugh!I wish they had a Red Carpet Club!
4	Some really great things that the McCarren airport has that most others don't:- slot machines & video poker!... so that you can win (or lose) while you wait- Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf- silly airport security videos- a fun monorail But...- you'll probably be hung-over- you'll either want to leave Vegas faster or not at all- your flight will likely be delayed
1	This is hands down, the absolute worst airport ever. I don't care if I have to spend an extra $100 on a plane ticket or reschedule my trip--there is no way in hell I am ever having a layover at this awful airport ever again. Every time I've had a layover here, I've gotten home no earlier than 4 in the morning. Enough is enough!If you get stuck at this airport, here are a few things to be forewarned about:1. Your flight WILL be delayed for hours. The airport will come up with some BS reason for it.2. You will be lucky to find a place to sit because hundreds of stranded people will be at the airport because their flight is also delayed. There is not even wall space to sit at. It is insanely crowded.3. If you're a woman, you will have to stand in line for half an hour whenever you need to go to the bathroom.4. When you get hungry (which will inevitably happen since you will probably be stuck here for at least 5 hours), be prepared to stand in line for at least an hour (no exaggeration) to purchase a sandwich/slice of pizza/salad/name a fast food item, etc and a drink for about $15.5. Do not come to this airport without some form of portable music player and headphones, unless you enjoy listening to the same idiot advertisement replay over and over and over again for hours and of course, the zillions of casinos every five feet. This airport will drive you insane. Do everything in your power to avoid it.
2	The best thing about this airport is the free wi-fi. But that is about it. The fod choices are bad and getting from one terminal to the next is not fun. Going through security is a horrid mess. And the final straw is that every employee I dealt with either needed a stiff drink or a stiff enema. I mean come on, where is the customer service?? You don't have to smile at me, but there is no need to bite my head off when I ask where baggage claim is since my flight crew failed to say what terminal it was located in. Flying is uncomfortable enough as it is without airport staff being jerks. If you're having a bad day, call in sick or get another job in a prison.
2	Free Wifi, but half of the restaurants were closed or closed off! WTF! I had a 620 pm flight on Virgin and there were no good restaurants nearby. Wolfgang was randomly closed. The sandwich shop in our area closed at 7pm...we are talking about Vegas...not a teensy tiny airport. I hear the only happening area is the Southwest terminal...I guess all the good stuff is there...oh and the starbucks off the B Virgin Terminal was the slowest ever. 15 min to get a hot tea...waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting just like everything in LV...
4	I've been here several times and have really yet to have a bad experience. The lines aren't really that bad -- but take in mind we always fly out on the 1st flights of the morning.  We cut it close the last time, Southwest opened @ 0500 and our flight was at 0600. Unfortunately for us, the tram that takes you to the gate was out of service (I think they're under construction), so we had to do the heel-toe express all the way to our gate, which was the very last one. This is a good airport if you're renting a car, you get your baggage and there are shuttles that take you to the car rental center (all in one building) -- so you don't have to wait for your individual car rental company. I wish they had this at LAX, we had to wait forever for the Thrifty Shuttle @ LAX.
2	I'm not sure why this airport has received decent ratings.  In all of my travels around the world as well as up and down north america, this is one of the worst airports I have been in.Now, I'm speaking about the International Departures terminal.  Maybe, maybe other areas of this airport are nice...?  I'm doubtful...Unfortunately I was recently stuck here as my flight was delayed by about three hours, so I had a lot of time to notice the dirtiness and dinginess of the place.  It is also so incredibly old!  This terminal has not been updated in what looks like decades.As well, the only food choices were Pizza Hut, Burger King or something called Fresh Choice (or something like that) where a pre-packaged sandwich cost $9.00!  The washroom was dirty and old and the speaker system for announcements was so hard to hear it was laughable.Now, I may be spoiled because Vancouver International Airport is really one of the most beautiful, new, well cared for, with tons of shops and restaurants, and highly acclaimed airports in the entire world.But I just thought with Vegas attracting the rich and famous and wannabe rich and famous (and taking all their money -usually) that they would spend some cash on their airport to make it reflect some of the money spent on the strip.
3	This airport was soooo strict.  Their check point moved really slow and many people were being searched including my gf (her fault for bringing an oversized lotion in her carry on).  We saw phone chargers for the first time too.  For $3 you can super charge your cell phone for 30 mins....The best thing about this airport was the slots......For the first time during our entire trip.....we came out winners....we hit the progressive 5 mins before boarding....a big $12 dollars whoot whoot.  Overall, we put in $5 and came out with $30.  They should make all the slots winners at the airport so people wont be sooo gloomy leaving las vegas....
2	OK you can gamble here but the retail/dining is a total, TOTAL suck fest and even though they have tons of land in Vegas the airport feels cramped and small: more like oakland then los angeles. It is spared the one star because of the very convenient location.
2	Easier to kill time here than many other airports but the food options aren't as good, and I simply hate having to take trams everywhere.  I don't experience a lot of delays here unless it is bad weather somewhere else, so Vegas is always good luck for me at least in this regard.
2	For a city like Vegas - whose livelihood is based entirely on tourism, consumption, and glam - to have such a lackluster airport is pretty ridiculous. McCarran is old, ugly, and hassle-ridden, and fails miserably as the gateway to its city.The terminal is dark and dated, looking much like that old ghetto mall in your town that everyone used to go to in the 1980s, but is now just a collection of empty storefronts and payday-loan stores. The old and inefficient design of the terminal means it's constantly crowded, from the gate seating to the trams to the restaurants and bars.And speaking of McCarran's restaurants and bars, they mostly suck too. All airports are known for expensive retail, but most modern airports at least give you a good product for your dollar - lots of restaurant options, sports bars, maybe even a brew pub or wine bar, or a food court with some local flavor - places geared toward helping people relax and kill time while they empty their wallets. By contrast, McCarran gives you a few uninviting bars, some crappy fast food, and a couple very overcrowded restaurants - but don't worry, they've still managed to preserve the high prices you're accustomed to.McCarran should have an inherent advantage because of its closeness to central Vegas, but this benefit is pretty much canceled out by poor logistics that make it a hassle to get in and out easily. When arriving, baggage claim is notoriously long. If you're picking up a rental car, get ready for a nice long bus trip to the rental-car mall, which is strategically located in the middle of nowhere (granted, having a centralized rental facility is a good idea, but not when it's this far offsite).Then when you're bringing your car back, please enjoy the lack of signs directing you to the rental-car facility, which means you have to drive through the entire airport loop (past your terminal where you're eventually going) in order to see the first sign, which then directs you back out on the highway to the rental-car place several miles away. Now experience deja vu as you take the bus back into the airport loop, where there's only one dropoff spot per terminal... so if you're flying Southwest (like most Vegas patrons) you'll get deposited with your bags on the exact opposite end of the terminal from the check-in counter.Also, most of the staff seem to have a permanent case of the Mondays.Vegas is in desperate need of a new airport - one that's shiny and nice and much more efficient, an appropriate facility for the city it represents. It's too bad that the city couldn't get its shit together during its last 20 years as a boomtown and make this necessary capital investment. Now that the economy is tanking, and the housing crisis is hitting Vegas especially hard, it might be a long time before they have the cash for a significant upgrade.
3	I have flown in and out of McCarran numerous times for various Vegas trips.  It's a decent airport - security lines are fast and the Skycap outside makes checking in your bags much easier. This is one of the busiest airports especially on Sunday mornings when everyone is trying to get back from a weekend in Vegas. I was a little peeved today since our flight was slightly delayed, but I got home safe so that's awesome. One plus of the airport, it has The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf coffee shop. For a NorCal girl, this is the best thing ever. So, expect long lines, maybe delays, fast security lines at McCarran. Cheers!
2	Las Vegas airport has one great thing--free Wi-Fi.  It is quite the plus since so few airports offer free Wi-Fi.  I've had layovers in Vegas.  I've also flown into Vegas from Los Angeles (which is always a weird trip, you go up and you go down, you half expect to leave the plane and realize you are still at LAX).  Ground transportation is pretty easy to get to, and the Strip is very close (which is a plus).Las Vegas has a few negatives though.  Not enough places to eat if you have a wait (there's always Ruby's though if you want a burger and a shake).  Plus, with so many conventions going on in Las Vegas, the security gate can be unpredictable, and you can have very long lines, which may require you to leave for the airport earlier than you would like.But the biggest negative--the slot machines.  If you have time to kill before a flight, it is hard not to try your luck on these things.  But no one ever wins at the airport.  They know you only have 10 minutes or so before your flight boards, so they don't even bother teasing you with even a little payout.So eat before you get there, avoid the slot machines, pull out your laptop to enjoy the free Wi-Fi, and you will be fine.Celebrity sighting: Kevin Sorbo.
5	This Airport Rocks !!! The shuttle place said they couldn't pick us up till 4:15 and we had a 6 am flight, in any other place this would of been a problem, but not here we got to the Airport and there was a huge ass line at United's Ticket Counter.So we used the Sky Cap outside they took our bags and we were on our way with boarding passes in hand, headed to security.now the people at Security need to train the fools at SeaTac on how to get people threw Security in a timely manner, we were in side and at our gate by like 5 am and still had a 1/2 hour wait to board our planeI love the terminal since they took out the smoking room at the gate area, and the huge ass wrap around mural is cool also
2	In a nutshell, you're getting a new United terminal with free wifi (yay!) and handfuls and handfuls of slot machines, but at the cost of slim pickings for places to eat (nay!). In an extremely hungry state, I walked up and down the terminal today to avoid eating lunch at Burke in a Box (way too greasy) and decided a Chicago style hot dog at Jody Maroni's would do.  $11.26 bought me that hot dog plus a Mrs. Fields' cookie and Gatorade.  Overpriced, but should I be surprised?
4	Never before has an airport so accurately reflected its city.  As soon as you get off the plane, you're hit by slot machines letting you know that they don't care how discounted your airfare was.  They're ready to take whatever money you got right now.This place also gets an extra star for having the best security check in videos I've ever seen, as you watch Carrot Top, Trekkies, Impersonators and magicians try to clear airport security.  They may not be particularly informative, but they're a lot better than the dry boring crap you have to take in everywhere else.  McCarran has a sense of fun and irreverence that mirrors Las Vegas' vibe.  I never thought that I'd be saying anything like this about an airport, but here we are...
2	This airport is huge in comparison to Logan Airport in Boston.  It has alot of shops and alot of employees.So why two stars?  The shit TSA employees.  We arrived 70 minutes early and still almost missed boarding our plane because of this obnoxious TSA employee.  The bitch complained about me taking two tubs instead of one.  WELL EXCUSE ME!  IT'S A MISTAKE!  HEAVEN FORBID!Prepare for "Hurry up and wait."
2	LAS has free wifi, which every airport should have.  Other than that, it pretty much sucks.The pre- and post- security food options are super weak.  Driving to / from the airport is very confusing.  The only public transit to the airport is a bus line that runs up and down Paradise.  The cabs charge an annoying surplus to your rate, and they almost always try to rip you off by going on the highway.  The baggage claim can be very slow.Need I say more?  McCarran is not a good airport, but it's not like you have a choice.  Free wifi and the presence of slot machines are the only thing that make it tolerable.
1	As soon as Yelp gives us a NO STAR option I plan to edit this review to ZERO STARS! Like everything else in Vegas, McCarran Airport just assumes that "Bigger is Better," without actually making anything better at all, and seemingly with no plan at all, other than to be big, bigger, biggest! In fact, the size of this behemoth airport, which I hope is getting 1/20th the traffic it predicted thanks to the economic downturn, is absolutely re-fricking-dick-u-less! I arrived here from Palm Desert with 90 minutes to make a plane change. But getting from the D-Concourse to the C-Concourse, in 90 minutes, was like trying to run a marathon with two broken legs. A Nightmare I tell you!You're forced to take something like a tram. I was alone in my two trams and I was scared. It was dark and I saw no security whatsoever anywhere. It smelled bad in there. They should have passed out stun guns or something before putting women alone on these things. Next, because I had the misfortune to change concourses, airport policy meant I had to go through the security line where you take off your shoes and empty out your laptop. Grrrr! For some reason I made the random extra search draw too. JOY! After 35 minutes in a line of about 300 people, I got wanded and questioned, and then was finally allowed to go on my way. Now I had to take another tram. Again I was alone in a dark stinky tram. The airport is configured in straight lines that lead to circular hubs. All those damn hubs look alike! I was confused about which of two arms on this hub I should take and so, naturally, I took the wrong one. Since my gate was not all the way at the end, I had to turn around and walk  back. I didn't mind the walk, but I was getting short on time. I know that on some level this was my fault, but I'm usually good with directions which means this airport is way too confusing. I finally arrived at my plane which was just about to close its doors. NO!! YOU CAN'T LEAVE ME IN THIS HORRID PLACE!!! I never slacked off, sat down, got a coffee (now you know I'm suffering without my DAMN COFFEE!) or rested for 85 minutes of my 90 minute plane change, and I still came perilously close to missing my flight. That's not right.I guess because travelers are miserable here, the employees are conditioned to be unfriendly. I get grumpy when concessions stands are closed for no reason leaving no choices, and those that are open charge the most outrageous prices for inedible junk.It all adds up to a really bad last impression, or awful first impression, of Vegas.Now I fly through Salt Lake City and it's a million, no, make that a billion times better.
4	This airport made me laugh. It was my first time in Vegas... I knew they're all about gambling but though it was funny that as soon as you land all you hear is the "tin-tins" of slot machines. That's how you're greeting, even before you go get your bags, you're tempted to gamble. Even with all those distractions it is very easy to find your way around, plus if you, for any reason are stuck there (delays, cancellations, etc) you know you won't get bored - either play or people watch.
3	I was very impressed with the cleanliness and the huge airport, the decor is nice and overall a very pleasant experience.If I could change one thing is the SHUTTLES.  First you catch a monorail to baggage then another shuttle  the rental cars. SUCKS in this hot weather!
3	McCarran is an interesting experience.  The free WIFI is great, but it is weird to sit in an airport surrounded by slot machines.  How do these people collect their winnings?It is conveniently located nearby the Vegas strip so getting to and from hotels is easy.  Be aware though that on the big travel days the lines back up something fierce so you may want to allow a little extra time.  It's also worth pointing out that getting to and from the rental car facility is awful.  Shuttles in that heat are no fun ... no fun at all.
1	Las Vegas is a popular weekend recreation destination. Billions of people show up every Friday and leave on Sunday. Everyone on Planet Earth knows this, with the notable exception of the folks in charge over at McCarran. The Friday night taxi line is cruel and unusual punishment for all of the newly arrived merrymakers, zig-zagging to and fro like the line for Space Mountain on a Saturday afternoon. Each passing taxi makes you desperately yearn for your chance to escape in one, but once you're finally granted your chariot of freedom, your will is too broken to experience any joy. Word has it that they're extending the monorail to McCarran, and it can't happen fast enough. Speaking of trains, the best argument by far for building the bullet train from Anaheim is undoubtedly McCarran International Airport.The security checkpoint on Sunday afternoon is not an improvement over the taxi line. You're crammed in with several thousand other hungover visitors, winding around nearly every corner of the airport. When I finally arrived to the front of the line to have my chat with the elite defenders of national security, the TSA guy confiscated a small bottle of lotion from my carry-on while leaving a couple clearly visible books of matches that I had carelessly packed. Kinda missing the point, professor. In short, this place is terrible.
1	i was so pissed.  as good travelers, i checked on our 3:55pm flight back to San Jose and it was on time.  got picked up and dropped off and checked in by 2pm.  therefore, i arrived 2hrs before our flight.  sat around for a bit, got a snack and then got to losing $40 in 5mins when we were told our gate has been charged to another gate...B24 to A3.  that's a different terminal but OK, here we go.  still have about an hr left before our flight so we got our things and walked over there.  we sat there for about 20 minutes to be told that our gate has been changed one more time but now back to gate B24.  still enough time to get to our old gate and make it to our flight.  mind you, during this whole time, no one has told us if there was issues w/ the plane or anything, just that they apologize for the gate changes.we got to our gate, 30mins left and now we are told that our flight is delayed for an additional hr so about 4:55pm until we leave.  fine...we sat.  and then was told there's some engine issues and we dont know when our flight will be leaving at all.  to make it short...4 hrs later...total of 6 hrs at the airport before we board our flight and leave for an hr flight home.they really do everything in their powers not to cancel a flight but then keep all the paid flying customers waiting.  I know that's actually the airline's fault about the delay but the service to the customers who have paid and be there at the gate...minimal information was given and hrs after hrs, it's just a waiting game.when i asked if i can get a flight tomororw, no problem but no one will pay for my cab to the hotel or the hotel itself as they are not canceling the flight.this is partial USAirways fault but it is also the airport's fault for not providing the customers with more options when we are stuck there for more than 2 hrs.  no real updates until the very end.mind you, it's an hr flight only but I waited for 6hrs to fly for one hr.so frustrating.  so glad to be home.
3	McCarran kind of completes the Vegas experience... crazy people coming and going, plus you can gamble (slots that is). Last couple times I was here it was nice, got in and got out with no problems. This time I had to wait forever in line at security, just to be searched (dam those short with metal buttons) and then the flight was delayed 3 hours. Security is normally fast and it's easy to find a shuttle or a cab. Great Steak Potato -located in the airport Great prices, great service, and the food to eatable. I liked it!
3	SBC VEGAS SERIES: 14 of many reviewsOh yeah....Man, I forgot how I got here... now that I think about it I flew to Vegas.. for a sec I thought I actually drove. Well, that just goes to show that there's nothing particularly special about this airport other than that there's not a single major airport that doesn't have a direct flight to this mecca of sin. Man, I got to stop drinking... but with all the nice pretty lights and so many choices to drink from, it's hard not to drink when you land here. I always find it funny that you get the first taste of 'money talks' when everyone that tries to milk you for money for something as simple as getting to the hotel. Word of advise, when given a choice between a limo and a cab... take the limo if you want serviced there and then or take a cab when you want to save some cash. You're in VEGAS.. live a lil and learn to breathe! And given that almost everyone else that landed is flaunting that same intoxicating feeling to the atmosphere that draws a person to their dark side... my side. ;D
4	Yes, the taxi line is a nightmare.  Yes the TSA folks are a bit too chatty and are on a power trip.  But there is coffee at a cheap rice (horrendously cheap, after staying in Vegas for days) and food, and the typical newspaper stands.  However, I can over look it b/c of 2 words.Free WI-FI. That alone should make it worth the hassle.  Considering that everywhere else in Sin City makes you pay....?  Exactly.  Enough said.
3	pros.. want to start gambling right off the plane?  well you can do that in the vegas airport.  a welcome sight for us who flew into vegas on friday 2pm, 8/21/09 off the southwest air from san diego (more on this later). the airport itself is big, sprawling, and with lots of places to spend your money.  there are bars, restaurants and slot machines everywhere.  cons... since vegas gets busy with lots of flights in and out of there, you sometimes get stuck on the run way as we did yesterday.  no moving, just baking out in the nevada heat inside a flying toothpaste tube!
4	flew into and out of McCarran last week. no hassles or problems whatsoever.shuttle service to our hotel was handled quickly (TI doesn't have its own, but there are small buses that will do it for a small fee).well, aside a slight security issue when a corkscrew/bottle-opener/knife inexplicably turned up in my friend's luggage, but that's a story for another time. we're still trying to piece together the previous night...
4	Easy Peesy!  Since they expanded a bit, getting through Security was fast and painless.  We found time to hit the nickel slots, shop at the Brighton store and munch on "bad" (but GOOD) food.  All in all, one of the better airports I've been to.
4	What's not to love about the airport that's 20 minutes away from the Las Vegas Strip? You can gamble as soon as you get off your flight OR take a taxi straight to the casinos. While the Strip may have all the glamor in LV, the airport, among other airports, can hold it's own. Kind of big but not too big you're fearing you're going to get lost. Gift shops are top notch and another reason for you to leave whatever money you have left in Vegas.
2	This airport is a raging mess.The terminals are actually random platforms which got connected to each other accidentally.There's mess everywhere, weird round gate areas, nasty carpets, looks like gypsyland.Smokers, slot machines, people laying on the floors like white trash kids in walmart!The way to the gates is weired as well. It's like a theme maze which is tacky and not recommended if you suffer from epilepsy.Security lines are loooong! TSA personal are rude.Bottom line, Vegas airport is a big raging mess. If you miss spring brake you gonna love this airport!Yalla Bye!
3	This place can definitely turn into a zoo but not as bad as LAX.I like how the taxi line here is like waiting for the Auto-Utopia ride at Disneyland. This airport must have stolen the same concept from them. Somewhat efficient I must add.Flying home on Sundays from here is like a box of chocolate. On my last trip, I was awaiting to board my plane home near my gate. Here comes the cutie I saw the night before at club XS walking to her terminal. I was about to ask her if she wanted a drink but then soon realized that I was at the airport and not still in that night life mode.Awesome note: you can play the Wheel of Fortune slot machines and lose your house mortgage here.
4	It's the Vegas airport, so it's always busy and packed with people. You truly have to plan and get here early. I say get there 1 1/2 hr before your flight and you're good. Don't make the same mistake I did. First of all, book a later flight for departure. It sounds good to stay up all night then catch your flight or you think you can rush and time it just right to get to the airport. Terrible idea. Book an afternoon flight, you can have a quick lunch then audi. Besides you have the next day off anyway, right??? I learn from my mistake. Spending an extra $200 and 2hours in Denver does that to me. All in all, good layout and I like riding the tram. Nice selection of shops. I concur with another yelper, after a long flight as you exit your gate the sights & sounds of the slots are right there. There's no mistaken where you're at now, Vegas!!!
4	I going to give this airport 4 stars not because I love it, but because of how much I appreciate the work that goes into the efficiency of this place.  It is a very very busy airport and it is full of the "Clueless" flier ilk, which can slow down the process of getting through the airport.  Fortunately I am armed with a priority screening pass.Anyway, everytime I see the line at security my heart sinks.  Yet they seem to never take more than 15-20 minutes.  Contrasted with the efficiency of, say, John Wayne in Orange County where you can expect 45 minutes on a normal day, I would say this is pretty painless.On the other end, I did a head count of the heads in the cab line on a recent trip.  I stopped at 1000.  Yes ONE THOUSAND.  Got my cab in 30 minutes.  It's a long time to wait, I know, but 1,000 people served in 30 minutes.  Let's see McDonald's match that.The Southwest terminal, where I hang, is crowded and has few amenities (one restaurant) unless you count the prezels and fast food places as amenities.  Sbarro, echh.  If you have money left over, spend it here on oxygen, penny slots, tacky jewelry and other trinkets and trash. There is also a bit of confusion on the gates, where to line up and such particularly around the gates at the end of the terminalStill I admire the people who work there who have to deal with Las Vegas tourists (perhaps the worst in the US), and give them 4 stars for effort!  Especially the Southwest Airlines crew.
3	A smaller airport as international airports go, but beats the "international airport of Holton ME". McCarran does the trick with frequent flights and slot machines in the waiting areas. Years ago my Ex won the cost of our entire trip based on one quarter he put in the slot at the airport. My warnings are 1) landing in the desert from the West side (Cali) is almost always a rough landing. So don't freak out, just imagine you are on a roller-coaster and you'll be fine. And 2) Give yourself EXTRA time for getting a cab when you arrive on a Friday afternoon of any weekend. It is a winding maze reminiscent of Disneyland lines. It can leave you Dizzy!
4	As an LA resident, I would say that LV airport is a much better airport and seems well structured.  I flew in LV Airport on 04 Nov mid-morning and from the step off the plane, I had absolutely no problem getting my bag from the carousel and hop in a cab.  The arrival area seemed to be pretty busy but I was out of there within 10 minutes to catch a cab.  Now, the cab line was pretty long, but this is Las Vegas and as expected, the waiting time was normal -- about 5 to 7 minutes.  The ride to the hotel (Luxor) was quick though, and the driver took me the "direct" way. Didn't play any of the slots -- as with many of those, they're all rigged! :p  Love this airport much more than LAX, and they have decent food eateries too :D
4	This is my first major airport I've ever been to (just only flew for the first time ever a week ago) and I have to say that I enjoyed lingering in this place to wait for boarding. They have a lot of distractions aside from the slots and I felt like I never was too far from a Starbucks, I think I counted about 4? Anyhow, I felt like it was a good airport to get me ready for traveling by air a lot more frequently.
4	Quick in and out, lots of shopping, and slots!  Kinda like The Strip, which has grown all the way down to the edges of this airport.  My opinion is kind of biased, because we have taken Southwest in and out of here, so the total experience has been sweet every time.
4	An airport that greets you with slot machines to get your immediate fix and then says farewell with the same slots by trying to squeeze your last few dollars out of you as you go, isn't all too bad. There are plenty of places to get your final souvenirs on your way out.Passing through security there are plenty of TSA security checkpoints to get you through fairly quickly. I never had an egregious wait and it's well organized. The tram is interesting, but there really isn't much to see from it.Leaving the airport is a breeze. The tram filters into the baggage claim and right into the pick-up area. Here you can rent a limo or taxi to where ever your destination.
2	One crazy place.  The are 2 separate buildings.  Terminals A, B, C are in one... and D (United only) is wayyyy out there where a tram/trolley picks you up at the B/C section.  If you had to go from the end of C to B or A, you'll realize how long  Terminal C is.  Shopping?  Not a lot of amazing souvenir stores.  I thought there would be more.  Clang clang clang of lots of slot machines greet you everywhere.  I have to say, since there isn't much "shopping" to do, it's the only other entertainment available.  The food courts and restaurants are so-so.  If they could increase the lighting some, maybe it wouldn't seem so dreary.
3	I generally dislike airports. But they're a needed nuisance. McCarran is super hectic on weekends and holidays, and no different in that regard than most big airports.  After years of flying here several times a year, I've come to the conclusion they're a 3-star airport,  They generally aren't awful, and overall not great:The good:1. There are places to hang out before you check in.  It lets parents linger a while before sending off their kids to college, grandma, or camp.2. Picking up someone isn't too bad except at busiest holidays.  They really seem very obsessed with keeping the traffic flowing. These traffic cops are don't put up with BS and will ticket those who make it tougher on everyone else driving in.3, There are usually enough chairs for people to sit in except when there is a weather delay and flights get backed up.4. There are decent food options no matter what gate, The slot machines give bored passengers something to do. They have some places for people to recharge their computers and cell phones.  5. There is a good variety of discount airlines including Jet Blue, Southwest, and Virgin America for CALI people. 6. Security lines for the number of people they put through are faster than you'd expect.7. Free Wi-Fi.8. Nice amount of flight info boards and passengers to get answers to questions9. Decent short term parking that uses quarters with change machines.9. This is one of the best people watching airports ever.The bad:1, Dropping someone off can be a nightmare. Taxis, buses, cars, and foot passengers all jam along the drop off curb with an occasional darting of passengers between vehicles. John Wayne, Long Beach, and even LAX are easier and safer in this regard. 2. Several poorly connected terminals - the International terminal where my uncle landed from Montreal was a bit inconvenient. Airlines do change gates, but mine went from a C to B gate once and it was esp. bad for the seniors to make that change.3. Renting a car is  sometimes difficult because taking a shuttle from the airport  to the rental place and back again can take a long while. And the rental companies do an awful job explaining their so called insurance options - they are a no fault state.4. It's Las Vegas, and is a terrorist target in the same way LAX, O'Hare, and other high profile airports are.5. During the summer, it can be hell if you're waiting for someone when it's 110 degrees outside, meaning the pavement is probably about 130 deg. 6. Food costs too much, like any airport.  I also hate the instant coffee that Sbarro and Burger Kink sells at Southwest gates.  I know there's Starbucks, but a lot of people don't know and don't like Starbucks.9. The TSA people vary widely in their skill level and training.  Today, one woman at the C gate gave my laptop back with my several alpha numeric keys unattached after inspecint it.  Once a TSA guy told me he had to get my fruit salad checked out because it was a liquid.His supervisor red face said "Hey it's obviously food it's fine". And the last time, someone double checked/scanned my New Balance shoes - did it stink that bad? Maybe Mr, TSA actually likes the smell of a 3-4 times a week tennis player? 10. The sometimes very windy weather, not their fault, but I've been in three flight delays in the last year because of winds and rain or ice though it's rare. It backs all the flights up. and screws up connections for a lot of people.So all in all, it's not a terrible experience, but it's needed if you have to go to Sin City. They've talked some about creating another terminal near the State line, but that won't happen for awhile, if at all.
1	The entirety of my most recent Vegas experience put my mood as "tired and generous"; therefore, my rag on McCarran will be much more pleasant than it would be if I had written while inside the proverbial "circus tent" of airports. In succinct summation, this place is a zoo. Upon arrival, I expected nothing less than an impeccably clean, glamorous, sprawling entity, much in the same vein as the opulent places that inhabit the Strip. What I found instead was a loud, chaotic, undersized mess of an airport. Sure, there are slot machines (who wants to gamble in an airport?) but all they added was noise and disruption. I can't even begin to imagine the narrow-mindedness of under-building such a linchpin to the Vegas tourism and travel agency and then watching as the road construction, traffic patterns and under-manned ticket counters compounded the problem infinitely. They are making progress by building at new "E" gate, which looks to be a monstrosity of epic proportions. However, the current airport reeks of an aged-Vegas. The only bright side was that they managed to put thousands of Monday morning through 15+ metal detectors in a pretty quick time period - the only saving grace that stopped me from bashing this place every way to Sunday. What makes it even worse is that the airport will be completely outgrown by 2011 and now the city is faced with the challenge of continually expanding on the current site or building a brand new mega-port near Primm, nearly a 30 minute ride to downtown. Either way, the present and the future look pretty bleak for Vegas travelers.My advice is to stay someplace nice, eat well and win a ton of money - that will be the only way that you won't be driven over the edge by this dump.
3	A-ok.if you're into slots they have that..if you're into drinking they have that..if you'd like to shop they have that...oh and if you like to take a little shuttle like thingy to your terminal.. they have that too!Easy to get lost but All in all I don't mind being here.. and I get lost all the time.. everywhere. I like the parking garage too. random yes.
4	This to me is a very efficient airport. I have never had major issues navigating this place and it offers slots, food and drinks in all the terminals. The security line has always moved quickly and finding flight information couldn't be easier.  The lady next to me at my gate was using free wi-fi and overall it is a clean airport. My only complaint is the taxi line can get very long when arriving and people with physical challenges end up walking quite a bit while carrying their luggage.
2	I would like to know why all the good restaurants are by the baggage claim rather than where you are waiting for your flight? When I land I want to get my luggage and get the hell out of there. On the other hand I always like to get to the airport plenty early and relax and get something to eat. The only restaurants near our gate were not very good and stopped serving breakfast at ten AM. Rules made by some over educated idiot that has never eaten lunch at ten in the morning in his life. Life sucks then you get on your airplane.
4	Is it wierd to say I love the baggage claim area?  There's a buzz about the place; people coming and going, either all excited for the adventure that lies ahead, or gingerly massaging their temples to get rid of the hangover.  There's lots of opportunities to shop, gamble and drink in this airport...not too bad.  Baggage Claim has marquees, posters and billboards for all the entertainment you could want in the city.
2	So I didn't get to shop in any of the swanky stores which I suppose for last minute time to kill or a gift for someone would be quite handy. The airport was clean and newish looking, and definitely had the LV flash with slot machines.Why the low scores, well I've been through many securities and this was quite ridiculous...I set the alarm off, I had taken the usual precautions belt, heavy jewelry I even remembered at the last minute my iphone and handed it to them before entering (so now my phone is in a separate bowl from my other items). Nope I go off again...okay they say take off that bracelet, well folks my bracelet was from H&M and "looked" like black snake skin. But I'm pretty sure it's vinyl over cardboard..ha! but looks very cool...anyway they snapped at me "it's the bracelet"! Okay whatever, it's not but I'll take it off. Now it's in a separate bowl.....one more time....BEEP!"OKAY YOU! Over there" the TSA agent barks, so now stripped of some of my dignity I'm sent behind a glass box. As I stand there I have no idea where all my containers of stuff have gone. My husband has already made it through and is like "what's up, this didn't happen in Oakland"?They totally ignore me as I stand in my bare feet (was wearing sandals) now I'm getting frustrated, I yell "Hey is anyone coming over here to check me and wheres my STUFF"???.Some big mean looking TSA woman comes over and says "calm down", She pats me down, makes me undo my pants (this same scenario happened to me in Portland, totally embarrassing) then she uses the wand up and down. Hmmmm it seems to go off right around my boob area....TSA: You got underwire in your bra?Me: (annoyed) Kinda have to with these things! But it's NEVER set off the machine before, EVER?!TSA: We: Well our machines are super sensitive and we catch everything!Me: Can I go and just get all my stuff that's now in like 20 different containers?TSA: Just relax, you'll get your stuff back....(as they try to give my iphone to another woman)Yeah okay so what I can't wear a bra through the metal detectors now? Maybe I should whip that off as I pull out my belt, and slip off my shoes.....You know that bluefly commercial and the woman is naked?....Hey I understand being safe when flying but no other metal detector has EVER been set off by my BRA....That's just lame....Sorry folks gravity has taken effect and I just gotta have that wire...Las Vegas...after our trip to see U2, and all the BS with the Taxi Authority I'm in no hurry to come back....and this last event sealed the deal.
1	This is one of the worst airports in the US.First, if it all possible only take carry on luggage when flying into LAS.  It often takes 30 or more minutes for your bags to start arriving on the belt.  This is a huge pain for me, as I generally prefer to check everything.Short term parking is metered.  I do not carry change, so I have to plan for this when picking others up.Now I am sure you are asking why would you have to park to pick someone up.  That is because it can be nearly impossible to drop off or pick up people curb side.  Traffic clogs up easily and often.There is no Sky Club or partner equivalent.  This is actually more of a Delta issue, but I can not blame them for not wanting to invest much in this airport.The taxi line can be rediculously long at times.  Apparently flights come only in bunches to LAS.  On that note for those of you without a lot of experience using taxis, be careful, Las Vegas cabbies love to rip you off with the scenic route that they claim will take the same amount of time because it avoids traffic.  I have had several friends that do not travel much get ripped off by this tactic.Security here is rediculous.  The line is often gigantic.  Planning is clearly optional for the TSA here.My last complaint is one of the biggest for me.  The only major airline that considers this airport a hub is Southwest.  I know Southwest refuses to label hubs, but lets be honest with ourselves.  LAS is a Southwest hub.The one upside is that the airport is very close to the south end of the strip.
4	I was able to sneak my nunchucks past security, which I initially thought was a win on my part, but then I realized that the nunchucks were made out of foam and they posed no threat to anyone and they were not technically weapons. I didn't mind chilling out in this airport waiting for my flight. If you get a flight early enough in the morning, there shouldn't be too long of a line. People like to complain about airports, but if you know how to travel, pack efficiently, wear easy to remove shoes, etc., your airport experience should be just fine.I loved how close McCarran was to the Vegas strip, a taxi ride is super cheap, like $14. Overall, I'd pick this airport over many others, it was pretty small, low-key and easy to navigate. What more do you expect from an airport...and they have slot machines. Win! :)
3	I can only vouch for the carry-on experience, and compared to other airports (LAX, Long Beach, Burbank), this one was as efficient and very nice.  It was more crowded than LB and Burbank, but people in Vegas don't have like 5 choices of airports to fly out of.  There is a wide variety of places to eat at and shop at while waiting for your flight, and they had very clean facilities.It was a turn-off to see the HUGE mass of people at the security checkpoint for gate D at 5:20 a.m. (it was also for gates A, and B, I believe), but the lines moved really, really fast.  There were at least 250 people waiting in 2 separate lines, but the BF and I got through in about 10 minutes.  The personnel here were very professional and organized, and people who thought they were late to 6 a.m. flights got through in time.The seats at the actual gates were not as cushy as I had hoped, but at least they were clean and looked very new.  I also wished they had movable armrests!  I wanted to lay down across three seats, but nope, I couldn't :(I do agree that the drop-off is a mess, but I felt like it wasn't set up any differently than airports in LA.  There just seemed to be way more people getting dropped off since most travelers aren't locals who can park their cars in the airport parking for a few days.
5	I loathe airports and the dorky self-important phalanx of chubby guards with walkie talkies. I don't like airport food and I hate "arriving two hours early". So my goal is to get in  and out quickly. On a busy Sunday trying to get home, this Airport moved thousands of people through security with amazing speed. Its pretty clean too. For a venue that ranks up there with Manilow concerts and prostate exams, this airport was bearable, and that earns 5 stars.
1	What a craphole. Ugh. Dirty, dank, and ugly this is not the place you want to spend a layover. Absolutely atrocious food options and very few power outlets just add to your misery. Finally, you have the lovely sight of gambling addicts getting their last fix pouring money into slot machines that are all over the place. On the bright side, the Mexican place in concourse C does offer you a shot to go with your beer. You may want to take them up on their offer if you're going to be here more than an hour or so.
2	This has got to be one of the worst airports ever. Who the heck wants to wait in lines that are as long as a football field when they're hungover..now its great that they have wifi and everything and the lil slot machines everywhere also give me something more to do than most airports..but c'mon, I think I waited like 40 minutes to get a taxi outside and on the way back I think we waited about 30 min (with a hangover) just to get thru security, i can only imagine this place has gotten worse with all the new security in place..
3	I don't know if they've just recently opened a new terminal or what, but the one we flew in & out of, was completely empty, save for one bar. There were no workers, no security, no one at the help/info desk. It was like flying into a ghost town.The only good thing about the airport was free WiFi and a bar, like I needed another drink!
4	My first time ever in Las Vegas. And what songs did I played in my IPod?Elvis Presley's "Viva Las Vegas" & Katy Perry's "Waking up in Vegas" (wanna see my crazy selection of songs in my I-Pod?)But finding the Baggage-claim was a bit of a nightmare. I have to walk an eternity through many fine shops, restaurants and slot machines to find my bag.When I finally got to the Baggage claims section, I hear the annoying buzzer and saw my luggage was the first luggage to come out of the carousel.After what happened to my luggages in Oakland Airport, I got my luggage first in Sin City..."Whoo-hoo!"
2	I always feel like i need a good scrub down after returning from Las Vegas, especially from the airport. YIKESThe Southwest terminal is horrendous; a petri dish of the trashiest people from all over the country. Coarse, skanky, greasy. The check-in lines are usually LONG, esp on Sunday. The cab lines are just as horrendousThe Baggage Claim is Also Horrendous. I've never waited for a piece of luggage that long except maybe at OAK. The Virgin America Terminal is a tad better. The Free Wifi is super helpful though...thank goodness
3	The RUDEST bunch of TSA ever -- every time we go through security -- some TSA member makes the rudest/bitchiest comment.  But other than that, the airport is OK.  You do a lot of walking, but it never seems too much.  The car rentacenter was a much needed improvement, even though it takes about 5-7 minutes to get there by transport.
2	Having to arrive early for flights sucks just a little bit more at McCarran. The lack of food choices hardly helps, and unless you're interested in shopping at strip hotel gift shops, you're out of luck for any sort of entertainment. Unless, of course, you want to risk your cash at airport slot machines. The Alaska check in line is always busy, but it seems more the fault of idiot people reorganizing the contents of their luggage while the rest of us than the actual workers. Stupid people. The fact that Alaska flies out of D gates annoys me, as I have to take a tram to get to the gates. Annoying. So this is how my arrival went my first time here: Get off the plane at the D gate. Run with the other poeple to the stupid tram. Take the tram to the main terminal. Run with the other people to the luggage pickup. Wait. Wait. Wait. Get the bag. Book it to the bus that takes us to the car rental area (seriously, this thing has to take a freeway. Why so far away?) Wait. Wait. Wait. Get car, and then get stuck in Vegas traffic. The saving grace about this place is that there is a Starbucks right at the end of the D gate terminal.
4	Okay, there are a lot of haters on McCarran, but the only thing keeping me from bashing on the following:- Crazy mess of a baggage claim area- The incessant slot machines - silence in other airports seems unusual now...is that McCarran has free wi-fi. Yes, you are recommended to get there super early, but don't forget Las Vegas is a huge hub airport for a lot of airlines, meaning it's one of the busiest airports in the country, so if you're going to be waiting that long, take advantage of the internet.People, we are talking about FREE wi-fi! After a weekend of throwing money away as if the dollar's been completely devalued, this should sound like a godsend! And there are no strings attached - you don't need to gamble $400 at the slot machines in the terminal and it's available on weekends and during the holidays too! What's not to like about that?
5	So, on paper, this is a pretty awful airport.  I am a annual Vegas trip guy, but to be honest, the cab lines, that terrible shuttle to get to the Jet Blue terminal, the awful security lines for terminals C+D.  Pretty bad in comparison to others.Now, what the heck is with the five star rating?  Well, I have to say that I am eternally grateful to McCarran Airport and that awful shuttle tram ride for giving me my ultimate celebrity sighting of my life.  On that tram, after a brutal weekend of poker, sports book and diginity losses, who should I happen to be standing shoulder to shoulder with on the tram, but none other than Iron Mike Tyson.  Now, I know he lives in Vegas and goes to award shows, but standing next to him was freaking awesome.  He said hi to a couple of us and then sat quietly with his family - seemed like a pretty normal dude (except the face tattoo, prison time, and ear biting - but thats in the PAST!).  I will post a picture of the awesomeness!Anyway, I will continue to use this airport begrudingly, but am in its eternal debt for a thrilling celebrity encounter.
4	McCarren is relatively straightforward and simple, which for an airport is just right.  And this despite the numbers of people who flow through daily.  The whole place is kept very clean.  The baggage claim is more clearly laid out and marked than most other airports.  The most complicated part is tracking the public transportation options -- there are several and the signs start to split unclearly in trying to direct people between the taxis on one side and the shuttles/limos on the other.  (If you've got the time, I recommend the shuttles.  They're about half the price of the taxis and you can arrange round trip from the outset.)  Fortunately there are a large number of information people from the airport and several of the Strip hotels around to answer questions.Now, the individual airline check-ins are another issue entirely -- they're pretty much awful across the board.  But if you survive them, I've never had issues with security lines and there's a wealth of food, shopping, and, of course, gambling, to be had throughout the terminal in case you've built in too much time . . . which, in my experience, is rarely an issue.  (Just to re-cap: McCarren, good; airline check-in...just grin and bear them.)
4	As somebody who has done a considerable bit of flying and now lives here in Las Vegas, I like this airport a lot (enough to bother writing a review about an airport).   Free wifi (even before Google started sponsoring it), cheap passenger pickup meters (25 cents for 10 minutes), and relatively cheap short-term daily parking rates make things pretty comfortable.  I can't comment on the slot machines, and the Mexican restaurant in the Southwest terminal is pretty awful, but I've never experienced a long wait in security lines.  Making a short trip to California or picking up company coming in from out of town is pretty easy!
4	(This is a review based on other airports...not the universe in general.)Did you ever think that you could lose the kids college fund and the money for their cancer medicine before you got your luggage?  Well, it is true. (Don't worry I am feeding the kid beef jerky and he seems okay...doesn't talk much...but seems okay.)As airports go this is the airport to be stranded in.  Great views. check. Bars. check. Smoking. check. gambling. check. easy to get around. check.Waiting for a plane at McCarran is a microcosm of what Las Vegas is. It is either a great way to start off your vacation or that last desperate attempt to win back some percentage of your self esteem..if not...drink the rest of it away.  The bars are plentiful a few of them are very good and they serve decent food.  You can also smoke in the bar and that is so great I can't tell you how great it is. God Love Las Vegas!!The tram makes it easy to get around, the signs are clearly marked and there are always enough screeners to move the line along. I have been so exceptionally hungover that I thought waiting in the line would kill me...but Las Vegas understands that...they know you...they know that you are a degenerate...they know that you have lost a part of your soul and what you need is a drink or a smoke and maybe a few pulls of a slot machine. They want that last bit of money before you leave. They want you to do something to make yourself feel better. They get you through the line.The only loss of the star is that all of the food is rather bad. Even "good" places to eat aren't good.
3	McCarran can be a nightmare for some but if you leave enough travel to airport time, baggage check time, security time and Starbucks line time it is just fine.  Thank god for Southwest.  They are friendly, efficient and mostly on time.  They figured it out.  The airport has their slot machine diversions but they are far enough away not to bother you.  As airports go I can take this one.
3	I haven't had to stay in this place for long periods of time like other airports, but i hated the walk from Security area to the gate.... it took FOR EVER!There seems to be some ok food there though.
3	The quality of your McCarran experience will likely be based on when you hit this airport.  If it is a Friday or Sunday afternoon - get ready for long lines, short tempers and a generally pain in the butt time!  However, in off hours it is a nice airport to kill time before your flight.  We flew out on Saturday the last couple times and it is a dream!  Taxis can whisk you there in a flash, airline counters are dead and the security lines are positively non-existent.  I have had trouble connecting to their free wi-fi on a couple of occasions, which sucks when you are trying to kill time!  However, there are a lot of shops to distract you and slot machines if you still have the gambling bug.  It is a decent airport with a great location near the strip. It is a-ok!
3	I'm not a big fan of airports. The whole hurry up, get here, get thru security, then wait for 2 hours gets kind of old. The last couple times I've flown out of Vegas to come back home we've left on Saturday night. The place is dead! Half the shops weren't even open. The deadness is of course half the reason we fly out on Saturday :)I don't know what the deal is here with the wifi. The last ccouple times I've flown thru here I just can't seem to get it going. I can get connected but can't actually surf out. Annoying!They do have a smoothie shop on the D concourse that I just love and have to visit every time we fly through there.
4	I've connected through McCarran before - going to and fro to California - but this is the first time I've flown in and out of the Airport.Arrival was no problem. Deplaned and followed the signs to baggage claim - via the train. The baggage claim area is a bit cluttered with all of the gambling machines interspersed betwixt and between! But my bag arrived just as I got to the carousel - so no worries there. Walked out to the Taxi area - informed the guy I needed a cab that accepted plastic - and he got me into the right cab immediately!On the return trip - getting dropped off and checked in via the United Airline ticket counter was easy (via the Premier line). Security was also quick and painless, although they X-Ray machine conveyor belt spilled my loose change (a TSA agent immediately got down on the floor and retrieved all of my change and with good cheer - so kudos for that!)Ride back to the D Concourse via the train was quick, and then finding my Gate was no problem. Lots of dining, drinking, and retail options! United does not have a Red Carpet Club at this Airport - but they do have a reciprocal agreement with Continental Airlines - so you can access their President's Club.I hit up the Starbucks (coffee) at the end of the D Concourse, the Presidents Club (sit and work), Burger King (lunch), the Wild Gecko (because the name is cool), and Hudson News (resupply on bottled water and reading material before getting on the plane to Denver.Of course there are gambling machines everywhere - but they are of no interest to me.
3	being that its in las vegas, i pictured this airport to be hella nice.i mean its well kept & it looks like it has happy workers, but itsjust an ok airport. maybe i expected too much out of this airport.i really dont know, but the people that guide you to your taxi cabneed to take a chill pill. seriously. if you see me walking aroundwith a heavy ass bag dont expect me to run to the next availabletaxi cab. ima walk my ass to the taxi at my own pace. thank you.
3	I live in LA and i've always driven to Las Vegas. So what brought me to this airport this time? I was flying through to Austin and Southwest decided the layover be in LAS. So, here I was.Despite having been to LV soooo many times for some reason I was mildly surprised to see so many slot machines inside the airport. And the brightly lit ad all over to shoot machine guns.It's a little dirty and the interior is a badly colored grungy sleepy color -- but I guess it's a quaint reminder of what the lower-end casinos are like. But as an airport -- fully functional, not many qualms. On a weekday, there were mostly older people and businessmen.Free fast wi-fi is definitely the high point. There are a lack of power plugs but there are a few Verizon sponsored booths with chairs and a row of plugs. Not bad. Airport serves it's purpose and didn't treat me horribly, but would be forgettable without the ring of slot machines.
3	Be on time, rather early than late, the line is friggin slow to go through security.... Long long line, only 2 person checking ID and tix, then breaks into 4 lines for scanning carry on's.... Why not have more people work the checkin? ...
1	This might be my least favorite airport in america. 1 hour wait for a cab line, are you kidding me? It took 45 minutes to fly here from LAX and now you want me to wait an hour to hop in a car? WTF! The woman behind the delta counter took forever to check people in. We were baffled at how long it took her to just put a tag on some luggage and check ID. I've recently decided that im very anti-tram when it comes to airports. I dont like to mix my planes and trains. The vegas airport on sunday is like the mass exodus out of egypt and i really dont need to be shoved and smooshed on my way to the gate.
5	I've been traveling a lot on business and layovers totally suck.  I wish I could fly direct where ever I go but if you HAVE to have a layover then Vegas can't be the worst place to be.  Slot machines and ads for t*tty shows while you wait for your next flight.  Now all they need is an actual t*tty bar in the airport and it would surely become a request for many travelers to, instead of flying direct: "um, please, could you book me a layover in Vegas!?" btw, I'm glad know that if someone searches yelp for the word "t*tty" that at least one of my reviews will pop right up.  When do you ever get to write a review and use the word "t*tty." ?  .... speaking of which.... did you know Holly Madison now has a show in Vegas?  i had no idea, but i must go.  see.  the things you learn on a layover in Vegas. and... i thought i would be the first to review this spot.  282 reviews!?  what? is reviewing airports the new thing now?
3	McCarran Airport was my second home..... Actually, it felt like I spent more time there then my real house do to all the traveling I used to do. Anyway, even though I am writing about my home airport, does not mean I have to love it by any means. Below is what I love and hate about all things McCarran A/P:Love:-It is close to my house and close to all things Las Vegas. -Parking prices are reasonable if you have to leave your car for an extended period of time. -The accessibility of the airport is quite good between the 215 freeway and Tropicana or Russell. -Terminal D kicks ass! It's the newest terminal with all the best goodies! It has the best selection of food, lots of natural light, and is just overall, a comfortable place to be relative to the rest of the airport. -Southwest (USAir used to) uses McCarran as a hub airport. -The random fact they have a 24-hour fitness gym here. -Slot/Video poker machines. (I used to ritually put in $10 and play every time I went to the airport to pass the time and hopefully get my trip paid for. After my years of donations, you would think they would rename a gate or even bench after me :)What I hate:-Terminals A&B are older then dirt and show it. -Lack of food choices within terminals A&B and even C (granted C has done some remodeling and has a few better restaurants to choose from)-Just the drab feel of the airport in general. Hell.... even Terminal 2, the charter/international/hawaii terminal feels old, dreary and depressing. After all is said and done though, McCarran airport is still home for me and my gateway to the rest of the country and world.
3	You know you're in Vegas when you enter the airport and the first thing you see are slot machines. This place is big and needs to be a little bit wider because it's so crowded that people are bumping into each other. While we waited for the airport my husband decides to play the slots and actually won something. How funny. The bathroom here is kinda filthy or at least the women's bathroom were,  I don't know about the men's. Never attempted to eat in here, but I'm sure it would be expensive too after all it is still Las Vegas.
4	An airport with slot machines and free wi-fi? Uber. I steer clear of the slot machines, but they serve as a welcome to those who specifically come to Las Vegas to gamble.. And personally, I think it gives the airport "personality" instead of just the typical rows of fast food options & chain restaurants.Also, they have fast-moving lines for taxis and make a spur of the moment Las Vegas trip more convenient by providing numerous options for booking a mode of transportation on the spot to get you to your hotel.I'm not too big a fan of their baggage claim.. not sure if I should blame this on the airline as opposed to the airport, but three out of the four times I've flown into McCarran (staying northeast of LA for a while made it easier to drive the 3.5 hours rather than fly) using different airlines in the past year and a half, my luggage has taken longer than usual (30mins+) to appear on the conveyor.
3	I wasn't a fan of the food options or the security checkpoints.  However, when there is free Wifi AND slot machines, how could I expect my travel experience to be terrible?!!  Another big plus is McCarran has some of the best prices on parking, so if you are picking someone up, get a spot, come in and try your luck on one of the many slots!
1	Too much glitz and too little concern for travel functionality, this airport is poorly labeled within (directions for terminals, et cetera) and without (street-based signage) -- except for the gambling machines, which are impossible to neglect in their clarion fluorescence.  If I didn't value convenience measures in the composition of an airport, I would still be unimpressed -- though it does operate as a nice condensation of the general character of the city it serves.It also requires an absurdly long time to be bussed from the rental-car-return complex to the airport proper, and - perhaps because of this and other time-withering aspects of the airport's layout and infrastructure - this is one of the few airports that mandates check-in forty-five minutes prior to departure, as opposed to the usual thirty minutes.  Overall, it's pretty terrifically mis-designed and expertly tailored to Las Vegas (as opposed being tailored to travelers who would wish to leave Las Vegas promptly).
4	My motto before flying out of this airport for home became "Always time to make one more bad decision."  In my case, it was not using a slot machine or shopping at the Tapout Store but buying a cup of coffee before rushing on the plane which I shortly ended up spilling on myself.  That however it beside the point.This airport is definitely not boring.  When you look past the slot machines, there is some really cool art like the metal planes that line the escalators.I loved how close it was to everything and it was easy to pretty much roll out bed last minute and still make my flight on time.  I thought it was convenient in Austin but this airport wins hands down.My only stress there was trying to find my sister at the passenger pickup and navigate my way through baggage claim.  That was little too confusing for me but I did figure it out eventually.
5	5 stars because no matter how long the security line is, I am at the gate with time to spare.  This passed trip I arrived at the airport two hours ahead because it was the suggested time but I really could have gone 45 min before my flight.  At least my terminal had plenty of sit down restaurants where I could kick back before a long flight.
5	My favorite Airport Ever!  Probably just because it is in Vegas!  But seriously, I like the layout, the food options and the the staff is always friendly and helpful.
2	Impressions of a large airport in bat country.- Where the hell are the flight monitors?- stainless steel stools for computer users.- Sbarro is your best bet for chow.- more crowded than airports in some airports Asia (reminds me of Kai Tak).  I mean it's really crowded.- bad signage (there are a lot of signs with an arrows on them that don't describe what they're pointing at)- dark, dingy like a bus station.+ i remember it smelling worse last time I was here+ the slot machines are quieter+ the air conditioning is strong+ Classic Rokk instead of muzak (but a little heavy on the Van Hagar)+ Free wifi (so I can register my disgust)McCarran also garners praise for its easy access from the Strip and for infrequent delays due to the usually good weather.
5	I went to Las Vegas for a convention a few weeks ago.  This airport is way more organized than LAX.  The security staff are conscious and appear like they take their jobs seriously.   I was in and throught the system in record time.  The waiting area is spacious and cleaner than LAX.
5	I love love love this airport. It offers everything you need and more. Need a souvenir? Got ya covered. Need a massage or mani/pedi? Sure no problem? Need a caffeine fix? Come on over to one of their several Starbucks stand. Hungry? You got a choice...Burger King, Baja Fresh, Pizza Hut...whatever you want. Lady luck still pushing you towards the slots? Have a seat. Just want to people watch? Oh yeah..plenty of that. I'm also a huge fan of their rail system-its fast and efficient and it makes travelling from one side of the airport to the other a breeze. I can spend hours here and not get bored.
4	This airport was quiet this time...   The slot machines were still there just not a lot of people playing.  Even thought I don't really like that "tin tin tin" sound, I missed it when I arrived.  Last time it got me in the "Vegas Mode" right away, like you need to party and play as soon as you get in.  Not that we needed any help feeling like that but, just saying...  it was a bit weird.Anyway, airport is organized, clean, and staff was friendly.  Hopefully I get to land there again soon  :p
4	This airport can be good and bad.  There are billboards galore so you can just look around and keep yourself entertained.If you are first arriving and waiting on friends to get into town you can sit and play the slots.If you are leaving town and waiting for your flight you can play the slots.If you are losing and want to make a comeback you can play the slots.Yeah basically if you just want something to do you can play the slots....PLAY THE SLOTS!?Just don't lose all of your winnings by playing the slots...
2	I have a hate/intrigued view of Las Vegas, kind of like that boyfriend or girlfriend that was a prick but you continue to learn some unfathomable lesson from.  The Las Vegas airport embodies the notion that we are inherently attracted to ugly, vapid, disgusting things.For all the revenue that comes through this town you'd expect something updated or even renovated.  It's dingy, dirty, small, has out of date, worn out decor, and even the gift shop gifts suck. How is "See's" candies staying in business? I think they have their flagship store here. (???) There is a modern/industrial decor attempt but it echoes the profound emptiness of this town, which I find fascinating.  Spend the last of your travel money in the slots. Watch people not able to board their sunday flights home as they are too drunk.  Uncomfortable, but a train wreck or nightmare you can't forget.  Wait, maybe that's five stars.
4	Mccarran is a great airport, it gives the incoming passengers all that they need. I couldn't ask for anything better. There is one, and one bad thing about Mccarran, their terminal 2 is small and with all of these international flights coming in, they would expect something bigger than this.
2	VERY long lines, high traffic which led to delayed flight and smokey.  Good thing you can gamble while you wait.
3	Over 300 reviews, there isn't much else to say.1. I love that I got off the plane and there was a large vending machine with rose bouquets inside. Only place I've ever seen that. It reminds me of the crazy vending machines in Japan where you can find almost anything except maybe roses!2. Slot machines everywhere! 3. Don't take the mass transit to the strip. Take a cab. You aren't saving much by taking the buses. Also, if you are there with other people, you save money by taking a cab. The line for the bus can be crazy long!4. The line to go through security changes length all the time. Sometimes you can rush straight through, but most of the time it's LONG.
5	What a great airport!  I live in Vegas and do a lot of traveling.  McCarran really is one of the best airports in the country.  Here's what I think about the airport:Pros- FREE WiFi- Good selection of restaurants- Easy to get in/out- Easy to get a cab, limo, or bus- Logical layout- Security lines move quickly despite being very long- You can gamble while you wait for your flight- International gates are very convenient to get in/outCons- Shopping is sub-par compared to other airports- International flights are in a separate areaI love our airport, can you tell?
1	Fuck you. That's all I have to say. Worst airport experience ever. Everyone was slow and rude. Nothing makes me want to go back home quicker.
3	Summary based on several trips:--ok facilities--remote rental car center--slow security--few power outlets in the gate areas--many food options
2	Flashback around 10 years ago. My first trip to Vegas. Imagine the amazement of this place and what was going to await me when I get to the Strip. Amazed at how the airport looked with the flashing lights and marquees and the slot machines going off. Flashforward to now after a few more trips and to this week, my latest trip there. The place needs a new overhall. They spent a shitload of money on the new City Center in Vegas on the strip but they can't seem to spend money on the airport, which looks the same and still has the same everything that this place had when I first started going to Vegas. Seriously, change things up a little. Make it more pleasing to the eyes. Hell, a new paint job would do wonders! Not really asking for an SFO type overhall. Just update the place a little. Please?
4	I visit Vegas quite often, maybe two or three times a year and that means I visit McCarran just as often.  McCarran is quite an enjoyable airport with slot machines as soon as you get off the plane, a Chili's restaurant, plenty of food spots, bars, and my personal favorite:  Coffee Bean.   The airport also boasts free WI-FI and has a simple layout which makes it a breeze to get around.Getting to the strip is quite simple with plenty of options: taxi's, shuttles, and car services.  A shuttle will cost $6-9 for a one-way trip to the strip, which I highly suggest because a cab can run you $20 or more.  Security and the TSA agents have always been friendly and helpful and I've never had a problem or complaint.  Obviously, the biggest rush hours are Friday and Sunday's when people are coming and leaving Vegas.  Regardless, McCarran is as iconic as the strip with its signature airport slot machines.  Lastly, I think I even saw a 24 Hour Fitness in here, but who would want to work out on their vacation?  Not me.  Enjoy that last drink before heading back to humanity.
4	The TSA is getting better with their line control on the busiest part of the days in the mornings and afternoons. The free WiFi goes a long way to help make a travel experience that much more convenient. Plenty of Starbucks located in the Delta terminals. The tram can take a while, so plan an extra 20 minutes to get to the gate on time. Parking for pickup now costs a flat rate of $2 instead of the quarter street parking meters.
2	Wow, getting through security gets worse every time I go.  Last time I went the guy that was looking at the luggage kept passing a piece of luggage through the xray back and forth for 10 minutes, then called over another guy.  They proceeded to have water cooler talk, while the rest of us waited in line, probably remembered that they should be working, went back to examining this same piece of luggage for an additional 10 minutes!! How about we just open the darn thing up if it's going to take so freaking long!And,Terminal B, with your ridiculous non-signage, you say gates 1-21 are down a corridor, but fail to tell people that once the numbers get to 11 on one side, they start going up on the other side!  So to get to gate 3, you don't have to go all the way down to the end, because the numbers don't drop off.This place just keeps getting worse and worse.  PS- 1 of my friends waited 20 minutes in the Starbucks line (in Terminal B).
3	Twice now I have had transfers here and have not had any problems in the airport.  My only complaint is that everything is overpriced.  With slot machines around every corner and every gambler throwing their money away on them - Does this airport really need to rob people even more?
3	Being the only major airport in Vegas I guess it will have to do. Always crowded but what airport is not. International terminal is a tad less crowded. Not as modern but the ambiance is much better.
3	As far as airports go... this one does the trick.  I flew on allegiant air and booked the extra shuttle package. Very easy to get to strip with only a few min. drive.
2	So... the building shakes consistently. This is disconcerting on a number of levels and also probably provides any number of unpleasant metaphors.
2	This airport can be extremely hectic. First off, immediately upon getting off your plane and getting into gate, you see nothing but slot machines! A kind reminder letting you know.... hey you will be leaving with absolutely NO money or MO money! The last time I came, I had to bring my small dog. I normally judge an airport based my experience with bringing my dog (which is the most painful) and the security point. I have to say the security point here moved pretty fast for as busy and hectic it was. However, I got insanely screamed at, and I mean SCREAMED at by an employee for having my dog out of her bag and in my arms. Note... this is a 12 lbs dog that I was carrying. Not really the type that you would be afraid of being attacked by. However, she insisted that it was not safe for me to have her out and that she may bite someone. Instead of simply asking me to put her back in her bag, she continued to scream at me. I eventually told the employee to CHILL THE FUCK OUT, and that I would put her back in the bag if she would give me a MINUTE to put my bag down and put her in. She just continued to scream at me while crowds of people stood around and stared, shaking their heads. I then heard people telling the employee to calm down and it was just a small furry dog, not a pitbull. I put her back in her bag in the middle of the walkway as she insisted while she followed me until I did so. My dog whined and she glared at me. Definitely not an animal lover.
5	Holy smokes, this was the most disability friendly airport I have ever traveled to!  I took my mother to Las Vegas who is in a wheelchair and was amazed to find several handicap taxis!  No wait, no reservation.  The staff was very accommodating and let my mother and I cut in line to the ticket counter and also through security.  Perhaps the friendliest airport staff I've encountered and the facility was clean (unlike LAX).
3	Security was much improved, though I'm sure that was partly due to the Sunday morning departure.  I'll take it though.
5	Free wifi makes me a happy camper.
3	Anything is better than the hung-over 4-5 hour drive back to LA, but a 1.5 hour delay on a 45min flight??  Give me a break.  I actually paid $40 extra to take an earlier flight and I ended up gettin to LGB airport about 20 minutes faster then the cheaper flight.
3	Although it is a bit more crowded than other airports I've been to, it was a pleasant experience.The Good:- Free Wifi- Quick and Friendly Security / TSA AgentsThe Bad:- A bit crowded- Some signs should be more clear about where things are (ticketing/check ins)
3	When we flew into the main terminal it was quite nuts to grab our bags and then confusingly make our way over to the passenger pick-up in the parking garage. That part was plenty confusing with a huge lack of signage. When we left, i never felt more like a Local from Hawaii than I did standing in Terminal 2 at McCarran. If you're from Hawaii or ever lived in Hawaii, it's like a right of passage to fly through Terminal 2. It's less crowded and seemingly older, but it was quick and had a great view of The Strip.It still trips me out to see slot machines there though. I wonder if anyone has hit the big jackpot?
3	It was a decent experience.
1	This place is pretty much wretched.  It's always hot inside, crammed with hung over gambling losers, and packed full of strange vendors pawning their Native American memorabilia.  How is it even possible for two people to spend close to $30 on a meal at Wendy's??  I want to kick the shit out of this airport.
4	McCarran is my favorite airport for layovers.  Weather delays are rare, the airport itself isn't too crowded, wifi is free, and if you need some other way to kill time you can always hit up the slot machines.
3	McCarran needs to update their terminals and overall surroundings. c'mon Vegas put your $$$ to work. SJC airport kicks your ass
3	Decent airport, had no problems. Love how there are TONS of slot machines inside the airport. Easy layout. Shitty food, but at least there's free wi-fi, woot woot! Getting to the strip is easy: there are always tons of options available any time of the night/morning.
2	The domestic terminal has improved significantly since I was here about six years ago. And the improvements are impressive, especially free WiFi. There are two bad things about this airport: (a) if you fly into the international terminal and need to make a connecting domestic flight, you must exit the international terminal, walk about 15 to 20 minutes outside in the hot sun and reenter the airport and go through check in and security again; and (b) those money eating slot machines are everywhere to rob you of your coins and dollar bills. So, if you are bringing any duty-free alcohol from abroad and you are carrying your booze with you, they will make you discard your precious liquids, or you need to stick them inside your check in luggage (and hope, the bottles don't break).
3	Its an Airport, it is okay but not the speediest to get out of.
5	Plenty to do at McCarran. Tons of shops and places to eat.  There is even a 24 hour fitness. Slots everywhere, Wolfgang Puck has a place to eat here as well.
2	My #1 pet peeve with this airport is that you must board a tram everytime.  Why?  SFO is bigger yet there's no tram.  While waiting to fly home, the jacked up PA system near gate D1 was ear-piercingly loud and distorted.  Are they oblivious to this?  They even have to add the 3 loud ass toots after their deafening message just for added pleasure. Everyone was covering their ears from the shreiking.  Are they that busy with checking to see if people are sneaking water bottles onboard that they don't know this?Also, why is it that a taxi ride to the hotel is $25 and only $15 to the airport?  Isn't it essentially the same distance?
3	This airport's definitely undergone some changes.Big, open airy spaces as per most airports, and long carousels of baggage and queues, of course, per the normal airport clutter. There's slots for the bored, and plenty of mini-stores to shop at, eat at (though not exactly the best for the palate), and relax in front of.Free wi-fi is nice, though. Sandstone-style cracked statues coming out of the floor are a nice touch.Some of the terminal areas were closed, but it wasn't too problematic.And as for the guy at the taxi line.... four guys with luggage, you'd try not to cram us into a tiny sedan, give us the SUV next time.
3	Same ol airport but with slot machines if that's your thing. I wish the security lines were shorter and that there was a United Red Carpet Club lounge.
3	I have mixed feelings about McCarran Intl - in some ways it is really good and in others it seems so small time for an airport that sees millions of tourists per year.When you fly in there you are pumped about being there and the ding ding of the slot machines gets you excited.  Until  you get to baggage claim and it takes a year and a half to get your bag.  OR maybe that's just when you fly American or another super popular airline since it didn't take that long this time when I flew Frontier.  Getting a cab is fairly easy but you have to queue up and if it is busy you will wait a while.Check in at the gates has always been easy for me.  Once you get your boarding pass you walk to the tram to take you to the gate.  Why do you have to take a tram there?  It is separate from the main building?  Why are there so many restaurants and shops located before you go through security?  I want to sit and drink at these places but I also want to be close to my gate.  Once you get to your gate they do have a selection of restaurants but I don't get why none of them really have waitresses.  Counter service only.  However, I'm not going to complain about Wolfgang Puck's express restaurant (Terminal D) - that chicken aioli sandwich was the bomb.  I thought it was funny how every drink has a size choice - I wanted chardonnay.  In the 6oz or 9oz?  (Clearly the only choice was 9oz in my mind...)  Beer in 16oz, 24oz, or 32oz.  Ah Vegas, it is always about the cash!! Upsell!  Upgrade!The free WiFi was nice for surfing the net on my iPhone.  The option to play slot machines is also nice if you are bored and haven't lost all your money already.  People watching here is stellar too - and you can make up stories about them in your head.  Or you can eavesdrop on people talking about all the crazy stuff that went on while in Vegas.In the end it doesn't matter if you love it or hate it....you'll still come here because you want to go to Vegas.
4	Mc Carran Airport has a million things to do if you want to be in trouble before your next destination. I had a plan ...a very good one ...but I was side tracked. My plan was to indulge myself with maybe a Cosmo and an US magazine while sipping on some Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf concoction. If that got old I brought some music to listen to so I can pass the hour and half I had before my flight. I walked off the tram headed for the closest magazine stand but I ran into the Turkey Shoot machine first... where I got nostalgic. "This was my favorite machine when I first moved to Vegas"...I thought it wouldn't hurt if I put a couple of dollars in it for old time sake. Then that started to get boring so I strolled over to the Twilight Zone machines. I was doing okay at first the machine kept saying ..."You have now entered the Twilight Zone" ...along with my shopping money! I was a bit mad at myself because there were little shops I could have went in for goodness sake there is even an Oxygen bar! I'm not sure what that would have done for me but I 'm sure it would have been a cheaper way to pass time. Even though I lost I still like this airport because there is so much to do and the staff I came in contact with today were great. The skycap shared his experience he had in San Diego ..super friendly for 5am. The security guard asked, "What are you going to to in San Diego visit Six Flags? " That made me giggle because there is no Six Flags in San Diego unless I missed something. I like this airport because it's easy to get around, there a lots of things to do and the staff is friendly!
4	I love LV. I love arriving the airport with the slot machine in front of the terminal/gates...it just shouts out FUN!!! It gets you excited.The taxi area is really organized. The baggage claim to car rental is ok.  Ticketing, baggage, security...no problem! UA now scans your bar code from your phone. Paperless and awesomeness!FREE WiFi! If your departing flight is delayed you can play the slots for a while, yay. I guess that's the only downside, delays; i've experienced delays several times. You need to have a flexible schedule when you make a trip to LV. Be sure to have some extra snacks or food...airport food is expensive.
3	If you come in on a Friday, Saturday (arrival) or Sunday evening (departure), this place is an understandable zoo. The cab lines suck and there are way, way too many people.Now, if you arrive on a day when everyone is departing or depart when everyone is arriving, this pace is a breeze.The shops are minimal but bars and slots plentiful so I'll take that tradeoff any day!!
3	Not sure if other airports let you park your car on the side of the airport and watch planes but this one does.  There is a section where you can just park and watch the planes land and take off - just like in the good ol' days.  Kids and grown ups come and watch and ohh and awee while the planes and jets land and take off.
3	I like this Airport . Its got quite a few Restaurants and a Bar. Lots of shuttles to and from. Slot Machines and great people watching.
4	I have never had a problem with this airport. They do have a first class security line which is what I like. What I LOVE about this airport is the shopping. Depending on the terminal you fly into/from they have some really nice shops.
4	I LOVE VEGAS!! =)I didn't realize how HUGE this airport actually was, until we had to take a monorail to get to the other side of the airport to get to our terminal. The walk there and the walk to our terminal after we got off the monorail was a very long walk, especially when it's 6:30am and you've only gotten two hours of sleep!Anyways I like this airport because they have a ton of stores and places where you can get food, and I like how they have slot machines in the airport, it wouldn't be a Vegas airport without it! I love that there is a line for taxis and there is someone standing at the front of the line directing you to a number to wait at for a taxi, it makes things a lot easier and more organized. At SFO you have to stand there and flag down taxis. =( There are some airports that I dread going to but not this one!
4	Arriving in Vegas, the first thing you'll see are slot machines - this Airport is basically just another casino, albeit with very good transportation possibilities. Allover it's a clean and straightforward airport, small enough to find where you have to go easily. It's located right next to the strip - if it weren't for the heavy bags, you could walk there in about 15 minutes.
4	Much like the city of Las Vegas, this airport is constantly undergoing makeovers (for the better). I'm so glad that there will be a lounge soon for those Military personnel that have a layover here. It's strange that it's taken this long to realize that there was a need for it- it's a small "thank you" to the ones that keep our country free/safe. I used to hate coming here, when friends visited (my first few years living here)- because I would always get lost! (Circle all the way back around for the right one- if you've done that too, you know what I am talking about.) Now, I know it pretty well. My husband and I come here sometimes twice a year (although Hawaiian Airlines is at another gate, separate from the main building of the airport)- and I come here for work to renew my security badge (visit the badging office on one side (near the 2nd level entrance and metro way over the other side, above baggage pickup). I also come here to drop off people (family or co-workers)- these are quick trips, though. The short term parking has changed from self-service quarters to flat fees (the minimum charge being $2.00). There are little shops (check out the bijoux turner store where everything is $10), restaurants (but you know that airport costs a little more), slot machines (!), a gym, a post office, and historic displays all throughout the floor level (near ticketing) and 2nd level. Lots of bathrooms and seating all over the airport. The airport is well-maintained- I always see cleaning people making their rounds. Kudos to them for doing their jobs.  The 3 ounce rule on toiletries/liquids for carry-ons (one baggie allowed), is fully enforced. I always check the TSA rules online. (It doesn't seem like the carry-on bag rule is enforced, though- I see large items all the time.) Do not place coins in a plastic bag in your carry-on! My husband made that mistake a couple times, and then the bag had to get searched (they can't see what it is on the x-ray machines). Wear shoes that are easy to take off and get back on. Sometimes the agents checking the ID's are grumpy and it can feel like you're cattle just getting moved along through the long lines. Get there early so you're not rushing- bring an iPod or a book to help pass the time.
4	McCarran Airport has definitely increased in size over the years.  It is almost like a large shopping mall with all of the gift stores and restaurants inside (Jose Cuervo Tequileria and Auntie Anne's to name a few).  I always find it funny that wherever there are people in Vegas, there are slot machines and the airport is no different.  At least there is a tram to take you around the airport which came in handy since a member of my party was in a wheelchair.  It is a very clean airport but be prepared to wait and do a little walking when arriving!
4	easy to get around here  not a madhouse like Ohare can be LOL
4	The past couple times I've been through McCarran I've found that the quickest way to get through the security checkpoint to the D Gates is to go through the wheelchair access line on the far left side. That line isn't restricted to only wheelchair access, but is also used as the "family" line. So, any group with a stroller or kids can use that line as well. It's not widely known as a family line so few use it and as a result we've been able to get through security much quicker than other people.
4	Great airport. You can gamble while u wait.
3	Pretty much what you'd expect from a Vegas airport. Crowded, loud, full of people coming in hyper and leaving hung over.  The airport is very large with some long walks between terminals (B to C is a hike) and there are plenty of places to eat and drink. Plus, it's Vegas!
3	The is a true Scareport.Slots everywhere and that "do-do-do-do" Wheel of Fortune sound coming from them non-stop. Food options are meh. The AC is freezing cold. But the place is well marked and delays are minimal.
5	Love this airport.  Baggage carousels rock and it's easy in & out.  Plenty of taxi service to get you there or to the strip quick.Lots of food & bars, plus you can kill time playing the slots.
4	McCarran Airport and I share a strong love/hate relationship.- I love to travel; McCarran is an international airport (important)- I love seeing family and friends visit (and picking them up)- I hate the useless signs that go to all different directions - I hate waiting on my plane - I hate leaving Las Vegas
4	5 for FREE internet access everywhere; 3 for very loooong trip from checkin desks to the actual gates! And no special lines for elite members. Everyone in the same long lines.
2	Blows. BLOWS!!!!The shuttle shit is so weird. As are the roped-off snaking security lines that have never been clearly labeled as long as I have been flying in and out of this airport, which is now approaching the 10-year mark. Bud Light is $8.00. A Wendy's value meal is $9.95. Okay, how about just the sandwich? $7.50. WHAT? Okay how about something off the dollar menu? $2.99. DUMB. Flights - across the board, not airline-specific - are routinely cancelled with no explanation and many employees are slack-jawed, dead-eyed and disillusioned. During my THREE HOUR reassignment to another flight I sipped a $9.50 Jack/Coke and watched a man migrate from slot machine to slot machine, not once getting so much as a cherry payout.
3	Thank you for the delay Southwest Airline! I won $1,000 at the slot machine. They were really nice. They keep on updating us about the delay.
2	I have flown in and out of LV several times... This airport is WAAAAY too big... Busy with all the hustle and bustle. Well, I guess that's LV for you...I had a 1 hour layover for my flight back to SD. I looked at the screen for my gate and turns out that my gate is at the other side of the freakin' airport. I'm seriously glad that I had 1 hour to get over there!Luckily I had time to grab a bite, which was another long trek to another area of the airport. I did notice that there were lots of charging stations, and they were in private and quiet areas. Also slot machines are avail in various gate areas for your last min gambling itch!
3	Three stars for cheerful and quick service at 5:30 AM...
4	The airport has free WiFi. One of a growing number to do so, but it was also one of the first.The TSA here can be dumb, especially in terminal D where they route you to different security lines in groups. Potentially leaving you at the end of a long line and the guy behind you first in a shorter line.
4	The thing I like most of McCarran is when I arrive back home and see the large display screens and I hear the ads for the shows on the Strip.  I know I'm home.McCarran operates relatively efficiently, but sometimes the baggage wait seems interminable.  Tonight I waited and waited for my wife's suitcase to show itself on Carousel 16.  No suitcase,  I went to report it, and there was the case.  Her first leg got into Philadelphia so early, it was sent on an earlier flight.  It has been sitting there all that time.  I wish I knew that.One of the great things about McCarran is the Cannon Air Museum on the second floor above baggage claim.  There are some wonderful photos and objects of early Las Vegas airports and airlines, and it's quite interesting.Finally, where else do you arrive/depart to the site of slot machines!  Enough said!
3	You aren't going to Vegas to relax, and this airport reminds you of this fact.  There are a ton of slot machines, but very few people playing them.  This is vastly different from 2003 or 2006.  I guess it is being affected by the economy.The Pros:- Well marked for where you need to go.  Some airports really suck at telling you where things are (hear me, Newark?).  This doesn't lack in signage.- Large baggage claim, which allows for plenty of space to get your bags.- Decent movement in security.- Close to the strip.  You aren't going to have to drive far to the Airport if you are in Paradise.- You are in Vegas, baby!The Cons:- Baggage is SLOOOOWWWW.  Another reviewer remarked on this, and it isn't related to a specific airline.- Crappy food options.  There is either large chains or really bad local restaurants, such as Ruby's.  All of it is more expensive than other airports.- Shuttle service to rental cars.  Some airports have fixed this issue (San Jose), but Vegas still has it.  Really a pain.  I like being able to simply walk to the rental counter and get my car.Overall, it's just an OK airport.  Nothing that makes it really stand out as a great experience, but nothing that really makes it truly suck.
4	The McCarran airport slots are known to be notoriously tight-fisted when it comes to payouts, which is why many people in the know avoid these slots like the plague. Only tourists arriving in Vegas and those who have money burning a hole in their pocket play these machines. Occasionally you do get a machine that pays off good, but those are few and far between.If you've got time to kill and like to watch planes taking off and landing, McCarran does have a dedicated parking area for plane spotting. It's on Sunset Road just east of the 215 spur going into the airport. Landings are generally on the shorter of the two runways (7R/25L), while takeoffs are on the longer (14,000'+) 7L/25R. There are two north-south runways, 1L/19R and 1R/19L; these are used mostly by general and corporate aviation traffic, flights heading up to Reno or Southern California (mainly by Southwest) and a peculiar private airline going to a certain destination that doesn't officially exist on any map!
5	McCarran Airport is best airport of any city I've ever lived in.  I use the airport quite often, and have NEVER had one problem.  This is a rarity in airports, as almost every airport I've frequented has given me at least one delay, or one problem.  McCarran has never done that to me.  In fact, it's been the opposite.  Every visit to McCarran has been pleasant, quick, and organized.  The main reason I love McCarran is the security.  There is a separate security checkpoint at every set of gates, making the security much faster than at most airports.  I've never waited at security for more than 15 minutes, and I'm not exaggerating.  I must say I am usually using the D Gates, as I usually fly jetBlue, but have also had the same great experiences in every terminal.  The food I've had at McCarran has always been solid whenever I go.  I try not to eat in airports, but sometimes it's hard to avoid.  They have the basics like all airports with Wolfgang Puck Express, Starbucks, Burger King, Pretzels, etc... But there is one place that sticks out, and that's the Chicago Style Hot Dog place.  The only disadvantage is that it's located before the security gates, and I know a lot of people like to eat after security.  Overall McCarran is a great airport, and it's also conveniently located right next to the strip, which is very rare for most cities to have the airport next to the main attractions of the city.  They have free WiFi, and the employees always seem to be in a much better mood.  They even feature comical videos at security, showing Vegas celebrities trying to bring in ridiculous items (such as Carrot Top trying to bring in weird props).
3	Nice airport.  I love that you can see the Vegas skyline as you land.  It is fun that they have slot machines in the terminal - the ding ding noise greets you as a fun welcome to Vegas. It is a much larger airport than one would expect.
5	Free wifi. That deserves 5 stars alone. But there's also slot machines and plenty of shops and restaurants.
1	This is the most confusing airport I have ever been in, I just wanted to kill things by the time I mad e it out.
1	Why one star? Two words: Tapout store. Any airport that features that in one of their terminals is officially pretty douche. I get it, Vegas is a douche town, but don't have a Tapout store in the middle of your terminal. That just kills me every time I see it.That and I don't like airports that make you take a train out to the terminal. Denver is like that and it just makes the process that much longer.
4	Well, of course they have slot machines! It's Vegas after all! But what really made me happy was the readily available outlets for me to charge my cell and laptop. After flying through 5 states and 6 different airports in a 4 day period you realize how many really don't have easy accessibility to outlets. The staff was also the most friendly of all the 6 airports. everyone was smiling and happy. The announcer for our flight even did an Elvis impersonation. The only down side was that the weather was very bad do to a thunder storm so we were stuck on the plane for over an hour before it was safe to take off.
3	Can I live without the slot machines everywhere? Yes. A couple of additional newsstands wouldn't hurt.The Pros:Complimentary WiFi. The more airports cotton to this idea, the more the air carriers will love you, as the stranded passenger can re-book their ticket and not stress themselves (or the ticket agent) out.Well marked for where you need to go.  Some airports really suck at telling you where things are (hear me, Newark?).  This doesn't lack in signage.Large baggage claim area.Swift TSA Security areaClose to the strip!Cons:Slots. they get ya' comin' & goin'.Weird crossing guard to exit the baggage claim over to short-term parking. I felt like I was in a mashup of Ellis Island and Amazing Race.
3	This is a perfectly fine airport.For layovers it is easy to get from one point to the other, has a few options for food and drink, has plenty of seating and is clean.And it has slot machines. Hell yeah!Go Southwest! Whoo-hoo!
3	I'm torn McCarran. You're so bright, sort of fun, but so stale!First time in Vegas and I couldn't even leave the airport because my connection was just that short, but I had the opportunity to terminal hop and get a lay of the land. In the end, I'm not crazy about it. I get the whole slot thing, the whole "Vegas" thing, but the sitting areas, the restaurants, the art it all just left me feeling a little underwhelmed. I never expect much when I travel, but give a guy a little bit to look at! A little bit to do! Pleasant experiences with security and gate agents, but nothing really to jump up and down about here.
4	Yes I know this airport needs some serious updating. From the nasty smell in it, the suspect carpeting and the lack of eating and shopping options, one may think that this airport deserves a 1 star rating especially in this age. Except for Terminal D (I think), this airport looks like it was built when my grandmother was born and never upgraded. But...having said that...McCarran is the only airport where I've had my smoothest flying experiences. Easy parking and passenger pick ups, close access to the free-ways, plenty of cabs and that shuttle to the Rent A Car Center are some of the few things that make this airport convenient. Seamless check in situations, a fast security line, easy access to gates are all things that make flying a little more pleasant and much less cumbersome. Luggage gets to the carousels fast and efficiently. Also, flights in and out of Vegas seem to have much fewer delays than any other airport I've encountered. Since my priority in being at an airport involves getting to my destination on time/ASAP or getting back home if I'm coming back to Vegas as soon as possible...McCarran seems to be taking care of me.
2	Whoever said Vegas never closes, sleeps, etc; it does. We had a delayed flight and ended up here at about 11:30pm on a Monday night and nothing food wise was open, absolutely nothing....not to mention we must have walked close to 1/2 a mile to make the connecting flight. You don't always get to pick your connecting flights when purchasing airline tix so, for getting us home in one piece it was just fine. We did get to fly home with the Pacific Tigers Women's field hockey team; that was the hi light of the airport experience for me ; )
4	Easily the most efficient security line I've ever been through. After we finally checked in and got to the security line, we were sure we'd have to wait forever (the line was crazy long).  From the time we hit the end of the line, we didn't stop moving forward. There were tons of TSA employees directing traffic and making sure that people were moving quickly and efficiently through the security gates. Amazing.I can't speak for any other terminal in the airport, but terminal D was pretty excellent. There were a decent number of food options and the free wi-fi was a nice little perk.Not too shabby, McCarran!
4	Slot machines and alcohol as soon as you get off the plane... What else needs to be said.  I'll be back.
4	This is the most efficiently run airport I've ever had the pleasure of flying through. Our flight landed early, the luggage was already on the baggage claim by the time we got there, and we were in a cab on the way to the strip only 15 minutes after having landed. In the reverse direction, we were too hungover to know what was going on, but I can say that security only took a few minutes to get through and do recall not having to wait around too long before boarding our plane home...they even let us bring our beers on board! I'm not a big gambler, but for you compulsive gambling folk there are slot machines everywhere and a decent amount of food options when the airport is hopping. Two thumbs up!
5	Security lines are always fast and efficient.Last weekend, I was travelling back from a work trip and lost my driver's license along the way.  Was just about to order a replacement from the DMV when I received my license in the mail from the McCarran airport!  I was thrilled.
4	Friendly employees... Easy to navigate at this airport. Virgin America has a pretty good check in system.
4	Big electronic billboards, shiny floors, and blinking lights. Not normally things that would seem appealing about an airport, but all things that get my attention.I fly in and out of here a few times a year and it's usually a good experience. Mad props for having the best taxi line I've ever seen at an airport with such high demand for them.  Yeah, the line is long.  No worries because it moves really quickly.Actually, everything here seems to move quickly except the baggage handlers. I swear it takes half an hour for luggage to get from the plane to the terminal.  I usually don't check bags and it sucks when I do because there's nothing worse than seeing The Strip and not being able to be there.PS: Never play the slots here. You won't win. Seriously. I've never seen them do anything except take money. There's clearly a reason there isn't a cashier or ticket redemption machine in the terminal.
3	Large airport, easy to navigate, and quick security lines.  Taxi lines are long but quick and well organized.It's a bit dirty for my style, but what else can you expect from an airport?
4	This airport has a lot of traffic coming in and out which is probably why they are expanding the airport. You have a great view of the Las Vegas Strip too as yo take off and land. I've always flew with United Airlines and the checking line is always long and the way it is set up doesn't make sense. There isn't enough room for people to use the easycheckin machines next to each other so there's always empty machines but you still have to wait. Very inefficient. The security line is always long too. The only thing speedy is the tram that takes you between the gates. Terminal 3 with the D Gates has a lot more food choices which is awesome. They have CPK, Rubys Dinette, Burke in a box just to name a few. The airport is pretty clean for the amount of people shuffled though here. I've never encountered any flight delays either. Oh and in case you have to gamble right when you get off the plane or get that last pull on a slot machine, there are some spread throughout the airport. "Wheel ... of ... Fortune!" can be heard throughout the airport. The main point I would like to make is just make sure you allow enough time to catch your flight. ^_^*~
2	Maybe it's because it was Sunday and everyone was making a mad dash out of town. Maybe it's because I never noticed before. Maybe... well, nevermind. I'm done speculating.  All I know is this airport is a dump.  As in, trashed.The bathrooms are gross. I've never seen so much piss on the floor under urinals except at stadiums. There is trash everywhere and it's especially noticeable in the carry-on size bins at the Delta counters.Again, maybe I've just never noticed because I was always in such a good mood coming to Vegas. In hindsight it seems like it's always been like this and I've kind of overlooked it.
4	A fairly easy airport to navigate through.  The southwest terminal can be super crowded during peak hours and peak seasons but I've enjoyed my time spent here at this particular air port.  Another great thing is that the Strip is about 3 miles from here so getting to and from is a relatively cheap cab ride and a short drive if you have a rental car.  The food selection here is decent also.
4	I'm not sure if it was just lady luck, but everything went fast and efficiently from check-in to security to gate.  After awhile though, the constant ringing of the slot machines can grate on your nerves. There not a lot of spots to get away from the noise.  Otherwise, it seems like an easy airport to fly-in/fly out.
4	Okay, as a frequent traveler from Hawaii, I am obligated to say that terminal 2 sucks bad. My recent trip back to my second home, I traveled from Vegas to San Francisco in the main terminal, which was SO AWESOME!!!The gathering areas were huge, the food places were clean, and the concessions were decently priced ($6 bud light is ugh). Free Wi-fi tops it off as the best airport experiences, I've ever had.
4	I swear every time i fly into Vegas I always run into someone new... i couldn't figure out who i ran into this week but immediately people and a camera crew started filming him... The few months ago i was on a flight with Steve Aoki, and before that I ran into Mad Mike from pimp my Ride... Oh Vegas...I swear this airport is so easy to go through... its no John Wayne airport, but its still pretty quick.... if you are A-List on Southwest its even easier!
4	Quick and pleasant.  Had a flight out of Vegas in the early afternoon.  I recommend flyiing later in the day than in the morning.  Seems like it's less crazed and busy.  Employees checking and scanning my bags seemed to be having a good day, no lousy attitudes and pissy looks.  Great selection of video machines to kill time and empty your wallet! I'd be happy if there were a Coffee Bean in here.
1	I have been through this airport more times than I wish and I have yet to find the sky priority security lane. To my knowledge it does not exist. With this many people coming through here it should be easier to access. Every week travelers should have the ability to bypass the long line of weekend gamblers.
3	LAS- where The Strip meets The Runway.Only in Vegas is the airport also a casino and club. People were gambling like they didn't have a flight to catch. Guys were boozing it up like they were still on the strip. Girls were dancing at the gates (music playing on the speakers) like they were in Tao.I was so surprised at how many drunk people were in the airport at ten in the morning. Wait, no I wasn't, this is Vegas.LAS you're cool with me though, because you give me a good show before my flight :-)
3	LAS - Ahh Las VegasI almost, if not always have flown in at night into Vegas, which always guarantees you awesome views of the Las Vegas strip all lit up in millions of neon lights as your plane descends into Vegas.As soon as you step foot off your plane, you know you have arrived when you hear your first sounds of slot machines just steps away. Don't stop here, this is not the Vegas you have come for.From your plane, depending on which airline is either a quick people mover ride or if your lucky, just a ride down an escalator to baggage claim and steps away from the taxi lines/shuttle busses ready to wisk you off to your hotel.If your flying in solo and not in a big rush to get to the hotel, your best bet to save some $ on cab fare is to take one of the many shuttle buses outside of baggage claim. You'll pay somewhere in the range of $6-$7 per person each way taking a shuttle. Be ready to make a few stops at other hotels before reaching your own.Wi-Fi is FREE at McCarran, always a big plus in my book, helping me pass the time while I wait to board my plane back home.
3	First time flying into Vegas... it was a bit of a shock to see slot machines in the airport... but it's Vegas.  The airport seemed fairly modern and well kept.  Some of the gate numbers did not quite flow since there were some pockets and branches, but once you found a map everything made sense.I guess some sections of the airport are old - so I may have been in the newer portion of the airport.  Leave a lot of time in your schedule for your flight back if flying back from the weekend.  There seemed to be a mad rush to the airport to catch flights back to reality.  I made it to my gate right when boarding started so it worked out for me, but I can see where flights can easily be missed if you get stuck waiting for a taxi or waiting to be dropped off at a good point by a taxi.
4	The completion of the new shops and waiting area in terminal 1 has defintely elevated McCarran from the ho-hum airport it had been to a functional, modern, transportation hub..  The facility is clean, efficient, and well organized.  I was able to move from ticketing counter to gate in less than 15 minutes the last time I passed through.
5	Mother in law due on tonight.  Out driving around killing time until the plane lands, we stopped at the observation site just off Sunset tuned into 101.1 FM listening to the air traffic noise and see Hawaiian air land, off to terminal 2 to pick her up. What a big crowd, but since Hawaiian comes in Terminal 2, just park, walk across to the baggage claim and there's the family.  It's a nice, easy way to pick up, but soon, with the new terminal opening, they will be moving and it won't be so easy then!
3	Flying in at night and seeing the glow of the strip is always an amazing sight and puts you in eager anticipation.  But as fun as it is, sometimes it just feels so good to get the eff outta there.  Like that chick you meet in a dark club, daylight don't bring the best outta you baby and it's time to make a dash for the door.At lease the taxi lines move quickly and the centralized rental car hub is super convenient now.  And the great thing is you finally don't have to take that godforsaken monorail from one terminal to another anymore for SWA.  I've pretty much avoided leaving on Sundays if I can, especially on long convention weeks.  The check in and security lines are just a total mess.I'm looking forward to additional long needed improvements to make getting in and outta LAS a little more pleasant.  Biggest plus:  There's a fucking Popeye's for the hangover flight out...oh yeah.
4	Oh man I blew my money in Vegas, time to fly home. Man I came home more broke from the airport...why did they have to place a casino in there!  Let's go hit up the clubs and gamble some more, where are we? McCarran Aiport my ninja! Agggh only in Vegas.But on a serious note: Good service, clean airport, and at first the tram system can be confusing but I'm sure you'll figure it out.  My grandma can and she's blind and deaf.  One of the most entertaining airport to be in before flying.  Just make sure the pilots are ok before flying.
3	McCarran airport, the less hectic of hectic airports.  I mean, this ain't no LAX or JFK.  Parking changed recently, you no longer pay with quarters at short term parking. Minimum to even get out of the structure is $2.00. Bleh! So you better say goodbye to your loved ones at the Departure drop-off.  See you later babe I love you! Muah! Call you when I get there, tell the kids I love'em! You gotta be brief otherwise the security guards will blow a whistle at you.  There's a whole bunch of construction goin on in and around the airport so try to leave a little earlier then you usually do so you don't have any problems getting on, especially those in the D-Gates because you still have to take a shuttle.As for the food and beverage choices, before the security checkpoint to any gates, you got Starbucks, Don Alejandros, Chicago Deli and a NASCAR Bar. A and B gates (US Airways): Burger King, Flatbreadz, Moes (Burritos), Starbucks, and Chili's.C gates (Southwest): Burger King, Sbarro, and CPK carts during the daytime.D Gates (JetBlue, Frontier, Allegiant, Virgin America and other airlines): Burger King, Wolfhang Puck Express, Pizza Hut, Quizno's, Ruby's Diner.
4	We have a great airport but I will be so glad when the road construction is finally over. There needs to be a taxi line that they HAVE to use too because I'm sick of the cabs dropping off in the pick-up lanes
4	I have never had a bad experiences here so far, even having been delayed on multiple flights. The staff for the most part is friendly. The security never takes too long. There are restaurants as well as fast food, which allows choice. Basically anytime I'm leaving Vegas...I am too tired to be agitated.
5	This is probably one of my favorite airports (and I do a LOT of airports), mainly because as of this writing, it's still rather  small (comparatively) and has a lot of amenities one might need. It moves people around easily, has a LOT of public transport and has free wi-fi all over the airport. There's also a post office and a 24-hour fitness there (for those who are there long enough to relax), as well as a full Wells Fargo Bank office. Getting into and out of the airport is a very "no-muss, no-fuss" experience and their passenger pick up area is a real treat when you have to go collect guests coming in.It's also great if you have a long layover (2 or more hours) because the Strip is so close that you could feasibly leave the airport and take a quick jaunt over to the Strip for a drink or a laugh and still come back and catch your plane without having to spend an arm and a leg OR panic that'll you'll miss your flight.Happy Trails fellow travelers!
2	I fly out of here mostly on business but I've spent 20 mins in security and 2 hours so its always a crap shoot.  Pun intended.
3	I LOVE road redesign into the airport. I hated how when you came in from the south you had to shoot over too many lanes of crazy taxi drivers!  I think it's time for some C Gate updates though...seats on some chairs have ripped plastic-faux-whatever material, looking kind of drab compared to the newer areas. Easy in, easy out for the regulars travelers here.
4	I like McCarran. I agree that this airport is really confusing if you've not studied the lay of the land. I regularly fly Southwest to SFO and my normal routine is so: -check in online night before-park at work and taxi to departures terminal-go to kiosk to print boarding pass if I have no bags to check-or check bags inside or at curbside if inside line is too longThis entire process is less than 30 minutes. I push it and leave work 1 hour before my flight because Southwest can checks bags 45 minutes before the flight. I'm not sure when peak periods are but I've been stuck on traffic when picking someone up at 11pm before.
4	I have in-laws in Vegas so i've been several times and of course with each trip I fly threw McCarran International Airport. Never a problem. Very well organized as far as security and signage. The staff there is incredibly friendly. On my way back this last trip I sat next the check in desk at our gate and the staff handled each group that came up with patience like I've never seen before. They even managed to turn some customers that seemed to have a stick up their ass*s attitudes around due to their friendliness. Gotta love good customer service.
3	It's loud- iI's proud- It's Vegas Baby!!!You better pay attention to where you need to go. You might get lost amongst the slot machines. I mean really!!! Are you that "jonesing" to lose all your doe, that you gotta play, right as you get on and off the plane?Buddy - there is help for that.Good- Tons of flights in and out each day and  ----- It's Vegas Baby! Fast baggage claim, at least the times I have been. They got several thousand people that move through the place each day. Not quite a science, but pretty close.Bad- If you get in late night and haven't ordered a town-car, you will be waiting in a Disneyesque snaking line for a Taxi. Watch out for Scammy Cabbies who try to take you the long way round. HELLO WE HAVE GPS on our Phones now!!! Stay off the Highway and you won't get screwed over!Ugly-  Tons of flights in and out each day, but often times they're overbooked and you are screwed. DON'T FLY BUDDY PASSES to Vegas or you will be SORRY! Want to know more about my Las Vegas trip from Hell???Just ask me. I promise I don't snark too hard!
1	Tired, hung over people surrounded by the insufferable sound of the Wheel of Fortune slot machine....
4	McCarran is a tale of two cities. Half of the airport is new and shiny like the middle portion of the strip and the other half is like the north end of the strip, waiting for a pick me up. Since I fly Southwest I am usually in the "needs to be updated" concourses. That being said, I am okay with it. Any airport that has free wi-fi automatically gets 4 stars from me. And really, where else can you get something for free in Las Vegas? Not to mention, this is the Entrance and Exit to Las Vegas for me... Usually I am loving being there when I arrive, and I love being there when I am leaving.... The lines can be long at check-in but it just varies.  Security can get long as well, but it moves pretty fast..  The TSA seem to be fairly efficient here.  And 4 out of 5 times I never wait longer than 10 minutes to get my bag.Not too shabby in my book.
2	Pretty confusing AIrport.   I still like SFO the most.
3	A well-oiled machine. Monday afternoon held a lot of people fleeing LV so taxing took awhile and we had to wait about 6 planes to take off. Slots in the casino, TSA agents were friendly, even SMILING. They confiscated my Cytomax from the race I ran which was a bummer but I escaped unscathed.
3	Pros- Free wi-fi- Extremely efficient, friendly, and professional TSA security. They're proof that with proper staffing and training, there is no need to implement body scanners or random gropings.- Lots of non-stop flights from the DC area to Vegas for cheapCons- Food options are limited- How many times are we gonna be subjected to the "Music of the Night"?!- Confusing layout
3	In this day and age if you aren't screaming bloody murder by the time you arrive at your gate (or for that matter your destination) you are doing pretty well. McCarran is pretty new (at least the section I was in where you have to take the monorail to get there) They do have the body scanners and I was prepared to get all dramatic and opt out (I don't believe they are safe but the alternative isn't too appetizing) However I did not have to worry about it I just went through the line.The water is too expensive-people we are in the middle of the desert and I am about to get on a plane I need my water!You can lose whatever money you have left on the slot machines while you wait at your gate.
4	Welcome to Las Vegas Mother Fuckers!!!Man... I love this fuckin' place. When you fly into here, there's a energy and excitement you feel as soon as you get off the plane. POW, vibrant colorful slot machines, neon, casino advertising and EVERYONE is coming in to strike it rich! How can you not get caught up in that?!? I would NEVER use this as a stop over or transfer airport... I probably wouldn't get on my connection flight!!Sunday flights out seem like one huge 'walk of shame'. They move you thru the place pretty quick, but there's a collective hangover among most of the passengers. Solemn, quiet and reserved. Las Vegas's way of saying 'thanks for the money, don't worry we won't rub it in'.
2	It's an airport. Not too exciting.
2	I have not been to many airports in my life, but I have to say this is my least favorite.  I have yet to step foot into terminal 1, so my main and only experience with this airport is what I have seen and experienced in arriving and departing from terminal 2.Terminal 2 could definitely use a makeover, facelift, or renovation.  This particular terminal doesn't seem as classy, modern, or refined, as it should be since it's "representing" the city of Las Vegas, where at some hotels you can experience the "ultra" in modern luxury.  The TSA is not so friendly but they get the job done at least.  There are hardly any food places to choose from at this terminal either.  Your best choices are a pizza hut, burger king, or the typical airport snack/concession/magazine kiosk/stand.  Lastly, the seating areas could use more seats/chairs.  I noticed a lot of people standing along the walls or sitting down because there weren't t enough chairs to go around.Bottom Line:  Boo to you, Terminal 2.
4	It's a sprawling airport with slots to keep you entertained.  There are not as many shops or charging stations as I would hope but, hey, they keep this place cleaner than most.  I don't mind getting delayed here as much as in other airports.
4	Of all the airports I've gone through, I have to say that McCarran is the easiest to get in and out of. The eating isn't the greatest or maybe I've just had bad luck with my choices, but I usually try to pick something up before getting to the airport. The free wifi is always a plus. If you're really bored, you can always pop a few bucks into a slot machine. The shopping does suck but are you really coming to do heavy duty shopping at an airport? This airport gets my two thumbs up.
4	In general, airports are airports.  But what I love most about McCarran is the ease of getting in and out of the place.  Every other airport commute in major US cities are a total hassle.  This airport is by far easiest, most convenient.  It's only 15 minutes away from my place.   Sure they could have more bars and better places to eat but it's not that big a deal.  I wonder how long it takes for airport workers to tune out the video ads at luggage pick up.  Do they wake up screaming at night hearing "Phantom" in their heads?
4	Mostly coming in to arrive into town, but rarely come back to leave!
4	I have traveled quite a bit and seen quite a few airports. McCarran is by far one of my favorites. Everything flows smoothly, at least the times I have been through, and I don't think I've ever had any problems. Everything seems rather straight forward as well. My only real complaint is that they don't offer a lot in the way of food/coffee early early in the morning. If you get there before 5am, don't expect to find much open.
3	So my second home in Vegas. Not the best airport amenities but still very good and the screeners are usually very swift. So yeah it is an Airport planes leave and go......
3	It's an airport. What is there to be said?Well, it runs smoothly and has plenty of friendly staff. TSA is on top of their game here. They make getting through the security check-point a breeze.The whole place is well kept, and the layout actually makes sense. There are plenty of comfy chairs, so you wont see many people sitting on the floor like other airports.They offer free wifi and a lot of charging stations so your electronic devies stay juiced.My only problem is the pick-up area. Unless you're literally loading the vehicle, cars are not allowed to stop. It's very frustrating to find your ride. Something needs to be fixed.
4	This place is HUGE!  You have to shuttle to your Gate. Security lines are long. SECURITY is intense here!  Body scanners?!  WOW!It's an awesome airport though!
3	Needs a smoking area.  Fuck the TSA .
4	I LOVE this airport... because when you arrive, the sounds of slot machines welcome you to the FABULOUS city of Las Vegas. The airport is larger than you think with multiple terminals. I have never waited long in line for airport security or to check-in. The Southwest/Virgin America terminals have better and larger security areas and are more convenient since you don't need to take the tram, BUT the United Terminal is newer! Lots of places to eat and hangout, walk around and explore. PS I also love this airport because I have won over $1000 at the slots.. WOO!!
2	I expected a las vegas airport that routinely delays flights for hours to be awake later than 9pm.  Prices are the highest I have ever seen in an airport for food and drink.6 inch subway is over $7slice of something calling itself pizza was ~6Price for a Bloody Mary was quoted at $11Interesting place, but if I can avoid flying through it I will - on the way out I had an additional 3 hours tacked on to my trip, on the way back in I had another 2 hours, and from speaking with people there that seems to be routine there... do not know... each flight I was supposed to get in before midnight and ended up getting in at 2.  Each time the place was closing down and nothing to eat.Seriously, 9 o'clock... why would a whole airport close down food service with that many passengers stuck in the place...perhaps I am a bit angry as both times I was starving and waiting for hours...
2	The worst airport I've ever been to. There was only about one screen displaying flight statuses in a waiting area. There is a lack of anything to do (nothing to look at, no where to walk, not many places to eat, etc.)
4	Like what other reviewers said, this airport screams "Welcome to Vegas!"  yep... slot machines everywhere.   It's a busy airport but their straightforward and functional layout helps make the flow of people relatively smooth.
2	This used to be my favorite airport in the country.  They have free wi-fi and plenty of places to eat, after all, which a lot of airports don't have.  But i found out tonight you cannot walk from C to D concourse without going through security.  And i tried!  It's not like i don't know my way around airports by now.  There is a is a glass door connecting C's tram stop to D's tram stop; it's just locked.  So it's not like access is impossible because of physical separation; instead, the airport planners made a conscious decision to throw up a glass wall with a locked door JUST to separate parts of the airport that don't need to be separated.  What is this, Kansas City?!?
3	It's all right here, though I noticed on this last flight from SFO to LAS that the United area doesn't have those great screens showing who is in queue for seat upgrades, stand by, etc. like SFO.  I think that would have been much more helpful.  Other than that lines moved smoothly so no complaints there.
4	i grew up in LAX. my grandparents and a good amount of my family worked, and still works there! so i grew up with hectic airports. as a vegas resident, i enjoy mccarran. its small, its efficient, and its quick.my review is based on a flight back home for thanksgiving. we had a 9am flight and got to the airport around 7:30 or so. by the time we parked (we parked at the covered long term parking. if i remember right, $14 a day. we were returning that saturday so i figured we might as well pay the extra few bucks to be connected to the airport) and got through the checkpoints (i got my "don't touch my junk!" badge on foursquare that day), it was almost 8am. the restaurants with a bar didnt open until 8am. i, for one, cant fly sober. not because its badass to drink before you fly, but because i get really anxious and a drink or two before calms me down a bit. sure enough, after a drink its time to board our flight. boarding was quick and painless, and we even made it back to long beach a few minutes early! (thats my next review).so mccarran - i thank you for being efficient and painless. we will meet again soon once i have extra money to fly somewhere.
4	McCarran International Airport... The only place in the U.S. you can hop off an airplane at 3 a.m., get a beer, and start playing slots all before you pick up your luggage. Now THIS is an airport that it is ok to get delayed in, there is lots to do while you wait... if you didn't already lose all your dough on the Strip that is!  As a Las Vegas local, I don't gamble at the airport, McCarran simply gets me from home to wherever I am headed, and then back to home again. McCarran is great because it isn't all the way on the other side of town, it offers non-stop service to all sorts of cities, and it is laid out in a fairly logical manner. There is plenty of parking, lots of options for food and drink, and free wifi... sometimes. On my most recent visit I was unable to connect. Despite being delayed for an hour the last time I flew out of McCarran, without being able to connect to the free wifi, I am still a fan.
4	I went places from here. I arrived other places. It was good. Security was fast. I was hoping to get that sexy pat-down they were all talking about so my trip could start with a little action, but no luck. They didn't even give me two looks. I am not good enough for them apparently.
1	I've been to this airport several times. I can sum it up in one word.Sucks.They should actually add that word to their name, it suits them so well. Then their initials would be MIAS (my ass).I'll keep this as short as I can. My first time there, we stopped into Jose Cuervo Cantina near the Southwest gates. 2 margaritas and one nachos = $40.On a different occasion, we ate at Sbarro's. The lady slinging the pizza in the boxes (not exaggerating, she was slinging some pizza) was in a pretty foul mood. There was a lady in line in front of us, she was there when we got in line. When it was her time to order, Ms. Pizza Slinger yelled at her accusing her of cutting in line. The lady looked pretty surprised and confused. I spoke up and said that she didn't cut in front of us, but that was ignored.My turn to order, I asked for two slices of pizza. She slung one in a box, slid it to me and moved to the next customer. I very politely (because I was a little scared of her) asked for my second slice. I got a wicked stank eye glare, then my second slice slung into a separate box.A different occasion. I'm already cautious about going anywhere after such bad service and high prices at several places. I have a long flight back home and I'm starting to get hungry. I figured a milkshake would hold me over for a few hours. Besides, you can't screw up a milkshake, right? So I go to Carvel's.There are a couple people in front of me. The lady is very slowly making the orders, but she's old so she can't help it. I figured I'll just patiently hold my place in line until I have to board. Hopefully, I'll get to order in time. Just before it's my turn, someone else comes out of the back and takes my order. Milkshake. She takes my cash, hastily makes a milkshake, puts it on the counter and disappears in the back again.I'm looking at the advertising on the wall bragging about thick milkshakes, then I look at what I've been given which is basically chocolate milk. At this point I have to board, so took my un-shaked milk and left.I left out several other experiences, but this review is long enough. If you have to stop here, don't waste a penny, just get out as quickly as you can.  This airport sucks. The next time I'll step foot in this place is when tiny pink elephants fly out of MIAS.
4	I make no apologies for this review, but I love this airport!!! All those glitzy ads while waiting for baggage, slots a plenty during that long walk from the gate, the vastness of it all-a great place to kill time (and lose money).  Good food selections and shops-this is one cool airport!
3	It's an airport.It's a casino.It's a place to see a panoramic view of the glittering lights of the Las Vegas Strip!If you MUST book a stopover between San Jose, CA and Salt Lake City, UT, Las Vegas McCarren is as good as any.  When flying Southwest, it's not nearly as much of a zoo as LAX or Phoenix Sky Harbor.  It's much cheerier and blightly lit than Reno/Tahoe.  My only complaints are that I wish I had a mute button for the slot machines.  And, it is home to the most G*d awful Subway I've ever encountered.  Thumbs up for McCarren airport, and bon voyage.
4	My mom lives in Las Vegas so I hit McCarran at least once every year.  It seems like something is always under construction there, but you can always get around it.  The best part is that the trip from the gate to my mom's car is very brief.It's clean-ish for the most part, though it could use some sprucing up in places.  The biggest section seems to be baggage claim, and it's the only place where you'll find a large collection of people wandering around in confusion.  It's a huge collection of baggage spinners and it's easy to get lost.  It always seems like my bag is there when I get to it, which is nice.Right next to the baggage is the door to the parking lot.  Cross one street, one short bridge with a people mover on it, and then another street and there is my mom's car.  Getting in and out of the airport is easy, too, if you can read fast (there are lots of signs).Piece of cake!  And the strip is very close to the airport if that's your thing.  There are tons of people ready to whisk you over there for a small fee (or a large fee if you want to go there in style).  It couldn't be easier.My mom said they are expanding the airport, so even more change is coming.  It could get interesting.
3	I came in midway through the adult entertainment expo and CES, so the taxi line was ridiculous... think 1 hour to get through it. To their credit, the employee manning the taxi hub was an absolute pro. He must've gotten 500 people cabs in the time it took us to get through the line. It isn't a pretty job, but he did it with grace, efficiency, and courtesy. For this, I salute you, McCarran Cab Stand Man.McCarran had the absolute quickest TSA scanning process I've ever been through. I waited for a total of 5 minutes from standing in line to have my id checked to getting my luggage from the machine. I'm sure this was not the norm, but it shocked me.Luggage pick-up was quick and easy. This is DEFINITELY a pro.Con: try to avoid any medical emergencies in the airport. A lady went into anaphylactic shock while I was waiting for my return flight. It took almost 10 minutes for EMTs to arrive, which pretty much would've been a day for this lady had the manager of the Pizza Hut-Burger King-Cinnabon not been so proactive and on point with giving this lady assistance. The Delta check-in line is kinda ass-backwards in it's quick c/i to luggage line. You have to walk through the c/i machines to get to the line. I'm sure this was supposed to work in theory, but they need to move the roping. It's a bad idea. Overall, a decent airport, and it has wifi from what I hear (did not know before, but I will be using this on my next trip).
4	Pretty dope airport, especially if you are drunk or into gambling.  Hey, where else do you find slot machines inside the airport, right??? However, if you are not drunk or not into gambling, or, say you are really hungover or really tired, those blinking slot machine lights, occasional electronic music that they emit, and chit chat of other happy drunk travellers with ultra long plastic cups they are bringing back to their homes after drinking with them during their time in Vegas, might get a bit annoying.  Also annoying was that my Gate was WAY on the other side of the airport when I flew in from Indianapolis to transfer here and on my way to San Francisco, and I had to drag my tired self & my carry-on there.  Not too fun when your flight's been delayed and you are traveling solo.Having said that, I realize that I am being a bit biased here.  I mean, I am sure if I was there with company and felt like spending some $ on slot machines, the waiting time would've went by real fast : )Also on the up side, this airport has decent dining options.  I walked past 360 Burrito and decided to give them a shot.  Their burrito was delicious, and I gobbled them up in the waiting area by my Gate with the insatiable smell filling up the area.  After a while a couple of young Asians disappeared from their group to return with their own burritos too lol : D Oh yeah.  I'm a traveling free advertisement.So yeah, if Yelp allowed half stars, I would've given this airport 3.5 stars but their food selections made me feel a lot better, so 4 stars, granted I feel that is a bit too generous.
4	The only place I feel it's acceptable to have a drink...or more at an airport.
3	It's ok but not so great when you're inside the gates as the food choices are very limited once inside.
4	Everyone knows someone who has a last minute slots victory story from McCarran. If you have a gambleholic friend, they wont be able to resist the "ding-ding-ding-ding-ding" and "Wheeeeel offf Fortunnnnneeee" calling you from these machines. Food selection is decent, and there are several lounges to get your drink on if you mysteriously didn't while in Vegas. Beware of the typical inflated prices, but after blowing $500 I don't think most people would mind spending a green chip on a burger combo and Starbucks coffee. I like that they have painless check-ins with the multi-airline touchscreen computers if you don't have to check in your bags. This airport has the largest taxi wait line area, most slot machines, adult entertainment advertisement I've ever seen and the only one that gets me excited to be at the airport. Very unique. $13-$15 taxi rides to a strip hotel, $6-8 (some offer this shuttle service). No free shuttles like Reno :(
4	Several shops and vending options with tons of charging stations for your portae devices and smartphones
4	Probably the COOLEST airport because you can drink anywhere! You don't have to stay in the lame bar area. Plus you can gamble while you wait for your flight. Hope there's no delay! HA.But the people here do seem kind of rude. Is it just me or is everyone at the airport kind of rude? Eh.
4	This small airport is doing much better at handling large crowds than in than it did on my first trip to Las Vegas eight years ago. The airport was PACKED with people going home today (1/10/2011) from the 2011 CES convention and in 30 minutes I had my boarding pass in hand and waiting at the gate!!!!! There are plenty of shops, restaurants, and slot machines to keep everyone busy while waiting for their plane. Although I have to admit that the best part is that you can drink ANYWHERE in the airport, instead of the lame restriction of staying at the bar area. Although I didn't indulge this time as my flight was at 6:00am.This was my first experience with the full body scan and pat-down, I haven't made up my mind yet it if these full body scans are appropriate or not but at least they were used on everyone instead of them being "random" and it also did not slow down the process. My one complaint is lack of access to power outlets to charge your phone or laptop, so you are forced to be on the lookout for a Verizon recharge station. That was my experience at terminal C, by the Southwest gates.
2	How can such a small airport handle such large swarming crowds of sometimes drunk people? Very poorly. It's a highly traveled airport, always with tons of delays, long lines, cranky crabby people (workers and travelers) a severe shortage of seats while waiting for your flight....my head hurts just thinking of it. I dread coming to Vegas thinking of having to deal with anyone at McCarren. My suggestion is to carry-on your luggage-avoid the baggage claim and anything that would require you to spend an extra minute here. They do a decent job of herding people into the right gates but they stink as far as customer service...cracking a smile or a squeezing a hello from these peeps is like beating the house....nearly impossible in Vegas, apparently.
3	I hate this airport.  And I love this airport.The airport is a pain in the behind if you are running on a tight schedule and have a car to drop off.  LAS security lines can be horrendously long so plan ahead.  It's crowded, full of amateur travelers and has cramped gates.But, it's also a cool place to hang out if you are early and have time to kill.  Shopping and dining options abound, especially before security.  And of course, the gaming machines!!!!  As a recent convert to video poker, I delight in the ability to lose another $100 just before I board my flight.  Vegas, you have perfected the art of yanking every loose dollar from our pockets and I salute you!The bars at McCarran ID everybody.  Period.  No exceptions.  A few months ago, they asked for ID from someone in a wheelchair, with a ventilator and a colostomy bag who turned out to be 100 years old (which wasn't bad because the bartender bought free drinks for all to celebrate the century!!!)But really, you had to ID that dude before giving him his Jack and coke?  What. EVAR.One of the less mentioned facts about McCarran is its absolutely incredible ability to handle logistics - baggage claim and taxi lines - during the giant conventions that plague Las Vegas.  I have never seen such efficiency elsewhere - this would do Toyota proud in terms of cycle time measurements!!!  Amazing!Lounges are "meh" but there are plenty of ways to keep yourself entertained.  LAS is the best place in the world for people watching because you will see every weird nuance of humanity represented her.  Promise you that!  Anyway, back to video poker before I close... last time, I won $40.  Next time, I clean house.  I will get you McCarran airport... just you wait!!!!~ 3 stars overall for giving me yet another love-hate relationship in my life.  I need these like I need to step on a cactus with bare feet but hey, they're free :\  But go to Vegas people, McCarran is just a way-point on your journey to insane wealth in the Sin City :D# 224
3	I love and hate this airport. I like that it is so close to the strip but that is about all. From our gate to our luggage was about a 10 minute walk. I found out after that fact that they have a monorail or something that takes you to your luggage but you would never know this without a single clear sign telling you.The area where you have to pick up a taxi is not clearly marked either so I walked around trying to find it until I just had to stop and ask someone upon realizing I was on the wrong side f the airport. Once I got to the taxi area however, the line was well organized and fairly quick.This is either a cool thing for some or a grip for others. Walking off of the airplane, you see slot machines. This is cool at first but when you are going home, as I was, you are sick of seeing them. Nice novelty but a little annoying.
4	I have nightmares of coming to McCarran. started when our friends missed a flight out a few years back.  I came in for CES/AVN...impressed with how fast IN/OUT I was. TSA seemed seasoned.  Of the 3 airports I strolled through in the past month, the TSA @McCarran impressed me the most.
4	One of the most organized airports we've seen.  Car rental dropoff center:  buses frequent & organized lines with attendants to keep the pushing to a minimum.  2 stops, we went from the center to terminal 1 in 15 minutes.  Delta has priority member line & bag drop right there.  Security checkpoint has a line for 1st Class, not priority, & the line for non-first class were long, but after ids check, there are many scanners & they seemed to be moving well.  Very short (& frequent) trams to D concourse, short walk even to the furthest gate (D40-43).
4	This is okay airport, mid size bit handling crowd well. Directions are easy to read and follow, I don't care for the last minute gamble thing at gate but that's just me. I just wish the store stay open longer, many flights leave late for east coast, closing shop at 8pm is lame lame lame, no wonder Vegas is for retired pops.
5	Great place, good service, just gotta pay for parking,.. No more cheep lots, I was in South West recently, and they are always on time. Good experience.
3	One may love the gambling.. The glitz.. The Vegas feel of the airport here.. I am a pro at airports.. Flew to London on Virgin out of here.. After a domestic connection.. Well, it has the worst set up for international connections I've seen.. Waited 20 minutes for the interterminal bus.. Finally walked fast the 1/2 mile out of airport to international terminal..the food options in this terminal suck.. And the security line is quite long.. Cmon international flights hold 200+ people ! 3 Tsa peeps for high volume?! Really?? Main terminal is okay.. Not great.. To me.. There needs to be more of a food court.. All about choices for long flights..
3	This airport has a part that was recently redone and that section is beautiful. The older part of the airport is, well, old. And it's noticeable. Lousy restaurants and not much else that's exciting.
4	As you fly over the the city, AKA Sin City, a sense of excitement rushes through your body. Let the fun and games begin (and in some cases...let the work conferences begin). It's amazing how many people and different types of people choose to descend upon a place in the middle of the desert and the first thing they see (if traveling by plane that is is McCarran Airport.One would think that the glamor and glitz of Vegas would be matched by the airport, but to be honest, this airport is nothing that what awaits the eye on the strip. Old airport, old feel, old fashioned. The only new in the airport would be the banners you'll find advertising the hottest show on the strip and/or the hottest technology company's conferencing on the strip relative to whatever Tech Convention is happening during any given moment.The airport is relatively easy to navigate. At times the airport can get packed, so for all those with 6 AM flights after a long night of debauchery, you might want to just head to the airport straight from the club and pull off an all nighter.Catching a taxi out to the strip? No problem. The taxis are easy to locate (just outside the terminal) and the long lines go by fast. Be prepared to fork over a good $20-$30 depending on where your hotel is located.Free Wi-Fi is a big plus, especially when you want to upload all the pictures taken from the trip...but alas...remember that you can always default to "What happens in Vegas, Stays in Vegas..."of course use with caution as word can travel fast.Sin City here you come!
4	What more can I say?  It's an airport with slot machines.(OK, one more thing.  I always stop by Las Vegas Fruits & Nuts in the terminal, on my way to baggage claim.  The chili-lime mango is awesome.  For something sweeter and not as spicy, get the cinnamon apples.  The snacks form LVF&N have gotten me through the munchies while working late-night in my hotel room during the Consumer Electronics Show for a few years now...)(OK, two more things.  When I leave CES, the lines at security are horrendously long....butt he TSA folks at McCarran have a fabulous way of moving the people through at a very quick pace.  I'm always amazed at how fast I get through such a long line.)
4	Airport with slot machines?  Only in Vegas!  Check in gets a little crazy seems a unorganized at times.  Seems to have lots of delays at this airport.  I love how a lot of people look hung over here.  Just reminds me of what fun we had during our Vegas trip.  There are plenty of restaurants and bars to hang out here so I don't mind being delayed here.
2	There is no other place on earth like the Las Vegas airport.  Everyone arriving is happy and trying to take everything in like it's their first day out in the real world.  How full of hope they are.  Landing in the Las Vegas airport gives a sense of expansiveness even though the place is dangerously full of people.  Leaving the Las Vegas airport is another story.  People tend to stare at their shoes in shame from whatever event is never to spoken again.  Or people are way too happy because they won fifteen bucks on video slots and scored a free drink.  Winner and loser alike are crammed into winding line where TSA are more handsy than homecoming dates.While waiting at the gate there are more slot and video poker machines incase you have any spare cash you'd love to piss away.  To be honest if it came down to putting money in an airport slot machine or getting an airport quesadilla, the slot machine wins every time.  At lease the slot machine won't give me diarrhea.  I'm always glad to go to Vegas to meet up with old friends and I'm always happy to leave the neon nightmare.
4	As an Oregonian, I'm a HUGE fan of our Portland International Airport. However, I can say that Vegas' peeps have a pretty nice airport. What I like about McCarran:* It's a huge airport* Slot machines!* Cute shops.* Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf!What I don't like about McCarran:The garbage claim..I meant the baggage claim area is a bit depressing. I think either is the lighting or just the atmosphere made it look like an interrogation room area.
4	Where else can you walk around drunk and play slot machines or get a lap dance in between flights.Only in Vegas, baby. Only in Vegas.JK about the lap dance (What. Did you forget kids fly too?)_______________[TIP] : Hurting your wallet doesn't just stop at the casinos, spas, or hotels, ..NOOooo it's ALL of Vegas, so that includes airports. Wouldn't be the epitome of Vegas if it wasn't. Shuttle to the Palazzo- $12... Cab to the Palazzo- $18... slice of sbarro- $6... 6" Subway sub- $7 (that's a $14 footlong --gutDAMN!!)
5	Considering the sheer volume of the traffic going through this complex on a daily basis, they deserve five stars just for keeping the roving masses from sinking into a malevolent morass of drunken businessmen, angry tourists and weary airport employees dancing around a severed pigs head on a stick.
3	Great airport. Easy to navigate, good shops and decent food
5	Small, easily accessible, clean, and all around fantastic.  Reminded me of my all time fave airport in the OC, John Wayne without the LA traffic.  No drama from arrival to the baggage check, rental center, check-in and security.  Convenience and comfort are the 2 descriptors that are top of mind when thinking about my experience there, which isn't the regular in most airports.  Luv it!
2	Would rate it a 3, but they happen to have a local posse of TSA humanoids that are the mouthiest I've seen. Also, amazed at the amount of fucktards playing slots. Wake up. These are worse odds than Keno or the Big Wheel when you walk into a casino. Still gets stars for amenities, Starbucks, food, all the stuff you'd expect.
3	Typical airport experience. Good selection of restaurants, reasonable TSA experience, and adequately clean.Very Vegas-y with slot machines, creepy mannequins, and lots of alcohol and cigarette places.
1	I wonder if anybody has decided to not go to vegas because of the reviews of McCarran Airport...."3 star avg? hell no, I'm going to fly to Midway International Airport instead."It smells in here. A lot of drunk people who are either:a) at the end of a weekend benderb) just getting to vegas, took a ton of shots before boarding their plane, and got hit with drunkness on their flight overAlso, I hate the slot machines. The last thing I need while waiting for my delayed flight is to hear the bells, stupid music, and coins-falling-into-a-bin sound effect. If you're lucky you can catch a glimpse of a celebrity as they are en route to their limo. I didnt see one but I did see Paris Hilton's limo driver. I was star struck and offered my body. The limo driver turned me down. Blast.
3	This airport is simply alright. It's hot, it's crowded, it smells funny and it's a damn maze. If it weren't for the fact that you can walk around with a beer in your hand and play the slot machines, it would be easily forgettable. There aren't any good restaurants here either. It definitely isn't Los Angeles or San Francisco. Now those are airports.
2	Eeeeesh. I think I've been spoiled with San Diego & San Jose. The bathrooms here are nasty! There was this brown rust/goop trail from the hole in the sinks. Not enough seating. It looks so groddy!!!You'd think they'd give the place an upgrade with it being so busy. Wouldn't the monies from the slot machines help?! I KNOW I LOST 14 BUCKS ON THE STAR WARS SLOTS :(
3	Kind of just like being down on the Strip minus the smoke and with the addition o the never-ending stream of delayed light announcements over the intercom.I've only ever flown through the D Concourse, and I'm told that it actually represents the crappiest Concourse in the facility.  Not a lot of eating or drinking options, but Strip prices.  Security always moves very fast, so get here a little later and save yourself some time spent sitting around wishing you were on your plane or back on the Strip.
3	My second trip through this airport went off without a hitch.The terminal is well organized, and the signage is pretty good. There could be more ATMs and that might be my only gripe. The taxi lines could be the most efficient thing I've ever seen. I wish they could transplant these guys to the Bay Bridge toll plaza.
3	The airport that time forgot.Clearly looking like it's stuck in 1976, McCarran is a well functioning airport, if not looking a bit dated. Food selection is average, nothing particularly stands out as unique with the exception of the Sammy's Beach Bar & Grill. Prices are of course ridiculous because it's an airport. $7.89 for a single patty combo at Wendy's - really, c'mon. The shops have the traditional tacky souveneirs found in any Las Vegas casino, but don't get me wrong, I've picked up a shot glass and the playing chip inspired chocolates are awesome - if not overpriced.Slots abound, and you'll find it very easy to loose $20.00 within ten minutes of sitting down to try your luck as you wait for a connecting flight.Overall, it's an aiport in an awesome city. I just can't understand why the 'powers that be' not renovate and make it a destination. It's dated and lacks any flair the city it supports has. If I ran the place it'd be flashy and call back the 1960s era of Vegas which the Rat Pack helped make famous. There's a ton of connecting flights through this airport and people genuinely want a taste of Vegas even if they don't have time to leave the aiport, they've got a huge financial opportunity but seem to not really give a care. Crap, I'm about to miss my flight!
4	as far as airports go...this is ok cause we only fly SWA.
3	I've never had to deal with security here since i've only been here twice or layovers so I can't really say whether this airport is easy or difficult to navigate. The first time was when I was about 7 years old and got in trouble with security for trying to play one of the slot machines, and the only other time was a couple years ago on a Southwest flight between San Diego and New York. If you do end up at the terminal with a sandwich place called Flatbreadz, you should check this place out. I wasn't expecting much but it was surprisingly a pretty good sandwich! I don't think there were too many other options for food there anyway.You get a pretty cool view of the Strip on the left side of the plane when you take off from here. The slot machines in the airport is a kind of a cool idea - you get to experience a little taste of Vegas if you're just there for a layover, and it sure beats sitting at the gate doing nothing!
3	So...um...yeah, it's an airport.  That's it I guess...
4	I love the old school Vegas feel of the airport. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. Your in Vegas, grab a drink and post up at slot machine while you wait for your flight. Yeah, I'm a fan.
3	Airports are not enjoyable.........what so ever...But this one is probably on the top of my list as far as coolness.When you land there, who cares, get your carry on bag and head out!  No need to spend any more time than you need to in an airport.Now the coolness kicks in when you have to wait for your flight.  Yes, you can drink.  Yes, you can play some slots.  But for someone like me, I dont need to spend or waste anymore money than I already have since Im leaving SIN city....  Know what I mean.Plenty of places to choose from as far as food/restaurants.  Plenty of seating.Knocking off a star for not having more device charging stations with USB ports.
1	Awful. Luggage took over an hour to show up. The shuttle services are solely paid services (hotels do not provide free shuttles for their customers) and generally terrible. Use a taxi to get to your hotel!
4	There's something about stepping off a plane in McCarran International Airport and being greeted by the sweet sounds of slot machines. You are instantly aware you're in Vegas when start walking around this airport, not only because of the slot machines and cheesy gift shops, but also because of the extremely marked up prices on everything. The mark up on items, while insane, isn't really that shocking, which is why I'm not even going to say it's a negative.           I like this airport because it's very easy to navigate and always seems very clean. Also, they are always very well staffed, the security line, although always daunting when you approach it moves very quickly and efficiently.          Overall, yes, it's just an airport, but it's a nice one... with gambling.
4	This great airport is wasted on tired hungover people just wanting to get back home to their normal life.The airport has many stores, slot machines and restaurants to choose from but by this point the last thing you want to see are stores, food, booze or a ding ding slot machine.Port of Subs is good for bringing a sandwich of your choice on board.  I recently found the Baja Fresh...not as good as the normal chains but it definately hit the spot.  There is a Brookstone which is fun to look at...the gadgets are always cool and it is a great place to kill an hour.  Or you could just ride back and forth on the monorail and pretend you are at DisneyWorld.The lines are always long at security...this is never fun...I am sure that this not normal but I am usually here during a convention and I never know what I am going to get when I hit the TSA check point.  TSA definately has some funny videos playing while you are waiting to be felt up...nothing like a little comedy before getting inimate with a TSA agent...they should just play every Julia Robert or John Cusak Romantic Comedy to get me in the mood.Not a bad airport to be stuck in...there is plenty of food and plenty of places to sit too...I have never had to search for a seat.
3	Alright, let me break it down to y'all here, my first time going to Vegas was when I was 18..many, many years ago...all I remember is getting off the plane and seeing slot machines!!! Okay, back then I couldn't even put one damn quarter in but, oh well, what the hell do I care, I'm in VEGAS biatches!!!  Well, let's just say that my many trips to and from McCarran after that was all a blur cause I was NEVER sober coming or going.Fast forward to 2004 and I now live in Vegas and where do I happen to work? At McCarran! So what I'm gonna break down to you, take it to heart..after working at McCarran for over 6 years and at all the checkpoints, I kinda know it like the back of my hand, so I'm gonna try and get as in-depth as I can.Busy travel days: Thursday, Friday, Sunday and Monday are busier than the rest of the week so keep in mind to give yourself plenty of time if you are traveling out on these days.  I would recommend getting to the airport at least 1 1/2 hrs just to give yourself some cushion (2 hrs if there is a large convention in town) unless you are the type that likes the last minute heart pumping energy rush of maybe missing your flight and begging to cut the lines while everyone rolls their eyes at you...Busy travel times- Mornings tend to be busier then evening flights so if you can, book your flights for later in the day.Checkpoints- A/B Gates, can get busy but since it's the smallest of the three checkpoints doesn't have such a long wait line as the other checkpoints. C Gates services mostly Southwest Airlines so on certain dates (see busy travel days above) can also get pretty busy as Southwest probably has the most flights in/out of Vegas.  There are actually three ways to access C Gates now, one lane at the D gates and now, a connection to A/B gates so even if you went through A/B you can access C gates after security.  There is also the new C Annex located at the end of ticketing by the Southwest counters and has plenty of lanes and also allows you access to the A/B gates since they are now connected after you get through security.D Gates is the busiest of all the checkpoints as they service all the major carriers (United, Delta, Continental, American, Alaska, and a few others).  Again, refer to the busy travel days and give yourself plenty of time.Food- YES, there is food after you get through security...I really don't know why people ask that question over and over again..don't all airports have food/drink/bars/lounges by your gates?? Why would McCarran be any different?  Are there better restaurants at certain gates? Well- it really depends on you right?  Burger King is king at McCarran so don't bother looking for a McDonald's cause there is none. Sit down restaurants? Sure there are some but nothing notable except Chili's at the A/B gates... Also, keep in mind that some of these places close early during the week as it can get pretty dead some nights, so if you are traveling out on a red eye on a Weds night, you might want to pick up something on the way since you probably won't have a lot of options.Bathrooms! Okay so here's the deal, at D Gates, the bathrooms are BEFORE security, once you get through security, there are NO bathrooms until you get off the tram to the gates SO if you gotta go, then you need to do it before you start lining up. A/B gates, there are bathrooms close by both before and after security, the same goes for C Annex Gates.  Now- as far as where the cleaner bathrooms are, D gates is kept up okay, same with A/B gates.  C Annex bathrooms before security only has 4 stalls and can get pretty nasty so I would advise you wait until after you get through security and use the bathrooms by the gates as they tend to be cleaner.Baggage claim- can be a nightmare cause it seems like the airlines are always changing which carousel your bags are coming out on after they tell you so just check the monitors when you get down there before you ask us, cause some of us don't work for the airlines so asking us where your bags will be arriving will only get a blank stare as we point you to the direction of the monitors that tells you which carousel to look for...Taxis are readily available but that taxi queue can get pretty long when there is a large convention in town (CES and AVN together is always a mess) and can cost a pretty penny ($20-$30) but gets you to your destination quicker than the shuttle.  Airport Shuttles are cheaper ($7 per person one way) and you have to ride with others as they stop to drop off people along the way so depending on your needs, you can make the call.Overall, McCarran has some good, some bad, and definitely some ugly, especially on Sundays when people are coming through hung-over or still drunk...whatever you do though, please don't put your face or body on those carpets...I couldn't tell you the last time I saw someone clean them, but I sure have seen people up-chuck on them!!Stay safe folks and have a good flight!!
4	Landing here I'm so excited, that I just can't stand it...I'm about to lose control and I think I like it! Me and everyone else. This is a fun airport, from the slots, to the food and shopping, the cute little sculptures before you get to the tram. You just know this is a destination you're going to enjoy. The tram is quick and efficient, unlike their baggage claim, which is slower than dirt. Just carry your bag...it's Vegas and people don't dress up the way they used to...and you can bypass that whole mess and get on with your "what goes to Vegas stays in Vegas". The baggage claim is always crowded and noisy, it's like a feeding frenzy or K Mart Blue Light special. I swear, you take your life into your hands while trying to grab your bag off the carrousel.BTW...the airport is well marked, so it's hard to get lost here. That's a real plus.Flying out is a different story. I'm always suffering from sleep deprevation, usually hung over, and my bank account has shrunk. All I want is to find my gate and get home before I crash. There is time to kill however, and I have had some "hair of the dog" here. I can recommend the frozen margaritas. There's plenty of places to buy Ethel M (in case you get stranded on the way home, you won't starve).  I once held a vodka and chocolate party in Denver while stranded for the night. That's before they banned you from carrying liquids on board...I always had a bottle of water "wink" with me.There's a Body Shop too, and I try to stock up cause we don't have one in Dayton. Damn...my bag is getting heavy. But at least I'm not playing the one armed bandits.The security is fast and efficient, and I sincerely appreciate I've never been selected to stand in the "almost naked" scanner or been felt up ...I mean patted down. Whatever. Thanks for that. As airports go, this one is OK in my book.
3	Of course the best part of this airport are the slot machines.  And I do believe they usually do their best here, since it does get ridiculously busy here.  And when you fly into here because the El Cajon Pass is snowed in and the flights to Vegas are booked, it's gonna be crazy.  So, expect some delays and crowds and gamble that money away as you wait for your flight.
3	So you gotta love an airport that has slot machines.. right!? Because you didn't hear enough of that "ding ding ding ding ding ding ding" all friggin' weekend long..The airport itself is nice. Cleanish.Security people are dumb.. I have a bracelet that doesn't come off.. When I got to the line I told the lady and she looked at me like, "WHY DIDN'T YOU GO TO THE FULL BODY SCAN.." and I am thinking, "Because NONE of your GENIUS Co-workers directed me there."Also, some person had a seizure in the security line and they were not very helpful with that either.Lastly, I know this is more airline specific.. . but I think it speaks to the type of people who work here: At my gate, everyone and their mother was asking if they were gonna make the upgrade list. Because this isn't the NEWEST airport, they apparently don't have tv screens to let you know that you are number 82 on the upgrade to first class list. So I sat there and watched the gate agents make fun of every person who walked up to ask if they got the upgrade. DICKS. However, the good news is that they have these kiosks for self check in that have almost every airline listed.. which is great. Because if you don't have to check anything, you don't have to WAIT in line! Great!
4	First time arriving/ departing at this airport. It's great, clean lots of food/shops while you wait. After a exhausting Vegas adventure, I was even tempted to get one of those airport massages/ facial. For those that are even briefly interested in aviation and the history of the Hacienda hotel, there's a small half basketball court size museum in the open. Great time to kill reading up on a bit of the history of Vegas. As we all would have guessed, what usually kills the airport experience are the TSA staffs, surprising they were very professional and polite given their deceiving exteriors. The lines were decent, not too long, not too short. There was even a McCarran airport homemade video with clowns doing a quick skit to advise passengers to remove shoes. The point being, even thought the video was lame and poorly acted, it's nice to see that the airport have visions to improve the flow of their airport and to convenient passengers. I have yet to see even slight gestures such as this from our horrible LAX.  Overall, decent airport.
4	I like this airport. I love that I'm greeted by the sound of slot machines as soon as I get off the plane...it's like my own little "welcome to Vegas". I've never had a problem with the baggage claim, the airport is clean and well-labeled to make getting around easy, the tram is fast and easy to use, and there are decent shops and restaurants. The TSA staff have always been professional and helpful, and the lines are not long at the check in desk (not that I used them, given the ample self-check kiosks) and at security. Really, there's nothing to complain about...
3	Las Vegas McCarran International Airport is an airport with slot machines to drop your money into upon arrival and fancy-dancy shoppes for you to spend any winnings in upon departure. If you want something to eat pre-flight, find it and eat it before you actually get to this airport because it's slim pickins here. I'll be back, I guess.
2	This has to be one of my least favorite airports. First off, the terminal is super far from the entrance of the airport. Ok if you are flying Southwest, but United or Continental, be prepare to hike.Second, the passengers at this airport at the worst going through the security line. It is like they have never flown before. Maybe the bright lights got to them, or they are trying to figure out how to pay their mortgage after loosing big, but they are space cadets. No clue how to get through security. What this airport needs is one of those family/casual/expert traveler lanes, especially for this airport.The food choices in Terminal D suck. Just awful. And $3.09 for a bottled soda, you are kidding me. $5 for a bottle of water, is that even possible?What got to me was that their slots, the max credits is 15. That is right 15 credits on a $0.25 machine. So that means that you are playing $3.75 a spin, and with $20 it doesn't last that long all! I'll stick to the casinos where the max bet is 3 credits.
2	The building quite nice, but everything is ridiculously over priced. Six dollars for a price of pizza, four for a bag of candy. There aren't many places to recharge electronics, other than a few recharge stations tucked away; trivial compared to other airports.They do have lots of slot machines, so hey, if that's your thing, you may be able to actually afford food.
3	This place is great, it's the first welcome sign I ever saw coming to Vegas and what's there to great you? Slot machines! Right outta the gate. It's not only a great place to start losing your hard earned cash, but also a great place to surf the web (FOR FREE)! It's not too big even though it has a tram to take you from terminal 2 to 1 and it's easy to get out from the gates, easily marked signs lead you to buses, taxis, limos and pick up. Only thing I wish was there a waiting area for family and friends. So be sure who ever you pick up is there waiting before you head out there to grab them cause if you get there early you might end up touring the facilities and there isn't much there except desert! Enjoy.
3	I travel a lot and this is a decent airport, although having to take a tram once you're past security kinda bites.Kudos, though on free WiFi!  Wish more airports would offer this.
1	I have flown into Las Vegas more times than I care to recall, but I have to say that this is by far the worst experience that I ever had with the TSA and the security lines. Because I am a frequent business traveller, I was able to take advantage of the first class/ premier security check-in lines going to the D gates. As always, I do my best to be friendly to the environment so instead of printing out my boarding pass, I have it electronically downloaded to my iPhone. After waiting in this ungodly long line for 20 minutes (there were only 2 TSA agents dedicated to us to check our IDs and boarding passes and there must have been 50 of us in line), we were told that there was only 1 functioning electronic boarding pass reader and it was at the first position all the way at the other end (our line is at the opposite end). When I asked them what I need to do to get through, they said that I would have to walk out and over to the other line. There were well over 400 people in the regular line. 4 of us came up and had electronic boarding passes. I said that this was unacceptable and that a supervisor would need to take care of us. The TSA agent called for a supervisor and we waited another 5 minutes for one to show up. When she arrived, it seemed like she was more interested in cleaning up trash than attending to our issue. When we explained what happened, she said to just walk over to the other side and go to the TSA agent. I told her that someone should escort us over there so that the other passengers don't think that we are cutting in line. She was uninterested, told us that we should have a paper boarding pass, and walked away. At this point, I was fuming as well as the 3 other passengers. Finally, I took the intiative and flagged down a non-supervisory TSA employee and he graciously escorted us over to the scanner and personally checked our ID and let us pass. I have to tell you, there were at least 10 positions open to check IDs and boarding passes and having just one functioning electronic boarding pass scanner is unacceptable. I don't have this problem at other airports. I have learned my lesson as well as should you. From my experience, please do yourself a favor and have a paper boarding pass printed out just in case the system fails as it did horribly in this case. McCarran Airport, you have made this a bad experience for me today and hopefully this is one of those rare instances. Ignorant TSA supervisor, please go back and get some training because your behavior resulted in an EPIC FAIL today.At least it will be nice to get back home and enjoy the weekend. TGIF!!!
3	Well, it's an airport, and it's functional.  The amenities are fine, both before and after security.  The security line generally moves faster than you'd think it would, and the videos they play while you wait are cute.I really don't like the slot machines, but it's Vegas, so what can you do?
3	I'm not sure how to rate an airport but it works and I get through. I only travel here during off peak times so it's been pretty decent. I have heard, though, you may have to arrive early if you're leaving Monday morning -all those people leaving after a weekend of debauchery ;)
2	Not a fan. Dirty and so busy and if you ever fly out on a sunday give yourself a min of 2 hours to get to your flight.
3	Why is it so hard to get from the gates to the baggage claim? I guess that's a problem for a lot of airports. But all the walking let us get some exercise and by the time we got to the baggage claim our bags were already out. The taxi's are on the right hand side exit, just as a warning, it is a loooong line when there are tons of people heading to Las Vegas the weekend you go. Anyways, they have the system down so it was like Disneyland rides. Overall cheapest way to get to your hotels.
4	Nice airport, functional, easy to find your way around. Never love having to tram to baggage claim - but hey - it's quick, so who cares? :) Viva, Las Vegas!
3	Love how upon arrival you are greeted by slot machines and life-size posters of Chip n Dales dancers! Terminal B lacks decent shopping, bars and restaurants (would come in handy when your flight is delayed). Highly recommend flying Virgin America
4	By far my favorite airport of all time! I've never experienced a wait of more than a few minutes at any of the annoying checkpoints such as the check-in kiosk or the always awkward security check. Food and shops are plentiful even though they are insanely expensive. Just a great overall experience for even the most finicky fliers.P.S. There is a super secret security checkpoint for gates B and C if you keep walking on the first level until you pass all the airline counters. I've never seen more than 10 people there at any point of the day and the employees always outnumber the actual travelers. I love it!
2	This airport is a work of art. It was carefully crafted and constructed to embody the entire Las Vegas experience. And of course, resemble a Vegas style hook up. Remember, whatever happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, unless it's herpes. That's the gift that keeps on giving.When you arrive, the airport is a full fledged casino that is bubbling with energy and features plenty of space, slick and shiny slot machines, decent restaurants, an upbeat crowd that looks fresh and beautiful and put together, and a smiling staff ready to welcome you to the party. It all makes the quite the impression and you fall quickly for the superficial charms.But when leave, the airport is a full fledged dump that is lathered in depression and features tight quarters, outdated slot machines, less than desirable fast food joints, an exhausted crowd is falling apart at the seams and running on fumes, and a grumpy staff that is quick to show you the door. It all leaves quite the impression and you grow to hate the superficial charms you once fell for.It is reminiscent of a Las Vegas style hook up where someone uses you for the night and then kicks you out before you can pass out in their room. You end up enduring the walk of the shame at 6 A.M., hungover, tired, and with the desert sun beating down on you. You feel like a dying vampire and the sun makes you want to kill yourself before your face melts off. Oh wait. That last part happens when you take the drug called "Charlie Sheen."Anyway, that pretty much is a Vegas style hook up. Well, at least that's what my friend told me from his hook up experiences in Vegas. But he doesn't have herpes. No really, I swear.
3	There are lots of slots in Vegas, and many of the are right here at the airport.  Good counter through security to gate experience.  Baggage inbound is slow when you are waiting.  I mean union labor slow...so check bags only if flying into LAS.Enjoy!
4	This place is so much better than LAX. Going through here was a breeze and there weren't any long lines. It's not as big as LAX.Slot machines all over the airport, lots of stores, and a few places to eat.
3	Welcome to Vegas.Enter and leave the same way."Give us your money."
4	Let's face it: airport security sucks. Unless WAYNE NEWTON is on the screen telling me that I'm not allowed to bring liquids through! I don't mind taking my shoes off, being felt up, having my personal belongings searched or being yelled at by mouth-breathers as long as I've got Wayne. Wayne makes everything better.Another lovely thing about this airport is that it's right in the city. So when you are leaving, penniless, there's no lengthy ride back on which you have nothing to do but reflect on the mistakes you've made, and sob uncontrollably because you will have to forgo eating next month. And if by some miracle you didn't lose your life savings on the craps table, you can blow whatever you have left on the Star Wars slots right there in the terminal.
2	Absolutely the WORST security people ever!  The line for security was ridiculous and the people working it were even worse.  The held up the whole line for a tiny thing of toothpaste that wasn't in a plastic bag.  Seriously?  I understand you need liquids in a plastic bag - and I don't have any issues going through security because I follow the rules - but to hold up the line for over 45 minutes for a simple little thing of toothpaste is absolutely ridiculousThrow it out and move on.Incredibly slow and power hungry employees make for a horrible experience.  I'm just glad I didn't miss my flight.
2	i think the most disappointing thing about this airport is when you re leaving or if you ve been to vegas before. its a pretty typical airport (and ive honestly been in over 20) but when you see how much money and how nice most hotels in vegas are you get back into McCarren and you re just disappointed. the food selection there REALLY sucks, oh and outlets to charge laptops, cell phones, or ipods, are very few and far between. if you re looking for one, look for the small clusters of people together on the floor outside the bathrooms, or at the pay phones. but there is free wifi, that is a plus.
4	True to the City of Sin ... this airport is dirty and seedy ... Love it!Got through security pretty quick ... nothing out of the ordinary.  I don't know what people expect from airport security personnel ... they hear people bitch & moan all day long ... so it's expected that they'd be pissed off all the time, too.  Grab your crap and move on ... cause it just doesn't matter in the grand scheme of life!!!
4	Free airport WiFi! Free airport WiFi! Why are there not more reviews for McCarran extolling the free airport WiFi?? This is not something you find at every airport, people!Of all the airports I visit all year long, I mind McCarran the least. Oh sure, it's still an airport, and the security line is LOOOOONG here, but there are many worse airports to be stuck in than McCarran. Personally, I wish they would change up the "celebrity"-laden videos they show in the security line, but someone who doesn't travel through this airport as often as I do probably isn't as sick of seeing Rita Rudner telling jokes in the security line over and over again. You can't beat the location of the Vegas airport - it's a quick cab ride away from the strip, and there are many different shuttle companies operating if you want a cheaper ride. The monorail to get from security to your terminal and back again is quick and easy, and baggage takes a reasonable amount of time to retrieve (note: I did not say quick, just reasonable). Plus, I always seem to see someone famous at baggage claim, so that's exciting. There's plenty to do  in the terminal if the FREE airport Wifi (!!!) doesn't catch your interest - lots of shops, decent restaurants, and of course, plenty of slot machines. In all, it's a surprisingly decent airport which, in my opinion, gets bumped up to four-star level by... what else? The free public WiFi.
3	Easy airport to maneuver through and love that you can continue to gamble while you wait for your flight.  I noticed the flight agents at Southwest are pretty used to people getting on their flight late, due to not being able to pull away from the slot machines.  Believe me I've been there...good thing you aren't the only one trying to cash out quickly and run to the plane, otherwise it would be embarrassing.  :)
3	no other airport in the world like it. slot machines, gift shops, restaurants... the hustle and bustle of people who lost a lot of money just angry at the world trying to make a flight back home to tell their significant other of their mistake - and then there's the other group of people who can't seem to wait to get off the plane to make the same mistakes. great airport to people watch. so many different people, styles, but a majority all there for the same reason.definitely not the cleanest of airports - but hey - it's sin city. what do u expect?
3	The airport is always packed...and security takes forever...but man a airport with slot machines...I heart you..
4	It's the newest terminal for McCarran. It's like a mall, it has shops and restaurants. I love how walking through it, you forget that you're in an airport. It would be nice if they have a charging station for your iPods, iPhones, iPads etc.
3	Ive been in many airports and this one could use a upgrade and open more security lines.
3	My only comment is...In a 24 hour town we do not have a 24 hour airport. When I fly out in the evening everything is closed, really?
3	Security is quick, which is the most important thing to me.Tons of places to eat and you can play the slots while waiting for your flight, although no one looks happy...  wonder why.
4	Going to the airport is never any fun anywhere, and maybe its because this is the Las Vegas airport, but its my favorite in the US.  The happy slot machine sound, and the fact that it has (at least the time of my last visit) free Wi-Fi in the airport.  Sitting in the airport is boring, so sitting in the airport on a laptop browsing the web is less so.  It also has a good selection of places to eat.  Granted, they are expensive, but I can't think of any airport where this isn't the case.If I have to fly anywhere, I always feel a little better if its to here.
3	Old, dark and dirty.  Only great thing is security that moves very fast and efficient.  Great job security.  Now if Nevada can only afford to brighten up the airport and take the dark ugly casino carpet out and make it whiter, fresher and cleaner.
5	wow... just wow...what do you get when you add fun night in vegas + rain + wind + burbank.... yep!! the lucky few who were on flight 500 yesterday (whom we all got diverted back to Las Vegas) had to be stuck here for 8...9 and probably even 24 hours....I've become very familiar with this airport from all the walking back and forth trying to get flights out of vegas asap ): I think I've pretty much circled the entire airport in the past 2-3 hrs i was there... LOL But all in all this place will always be memorable to me... (good and bad)
2	This place ... has its own type of charm -- only if you define charm as dilapidated, dark, and a bit haunting.The airport is ridden with slot machines (like any other commercial building in Las Vegas), so go wild if that's your thing.The people here are quite the atypical bunch. You normally do run into some strange people whenever you're in any airport terminal, but those strangers seem to come in much higher concentrations here. I dared not look at anyone during my 1:18 layover on the way back to sunny San Diego.The choices for food here were very very limited. When Wendy's literally becomes the most appetizing of all eateries at an airport, you know you're in trouble.Anyway, I'd avoid flying through here unless you're actually traveling TO Vegas. It's kind of a dump and you should want to minimize your time spent here.
4	Gets me in and gets me out the door fast, that's all I care about :)
5	I don't fly enough to have many opinions about airports but the TSA agent was funny and made me laugh as I was leaving Vegas...so yay for him.
4	This airport is never too much of a hassle to get through (for the six times I've been), and has some really nice sleek, modern touches, especially in the D gates, which are only accessed by a very speedy train (and you better grip the handrails pretty tightly). Though there's nothing particularly spectacular about the shops and restaurants (think downsized airport versions: Chili's too, Wolfgang Puck Express, etc.), LAS just has a nice relaxed vibe as if to say, "we are such a cool city". Finally, there's one more thing that many airports should, but don't have: FREE WIFI! Do I have you're attention now?
4	Um, who wouldn't like an airport where you can gamble? I have to say that I am not a big gambler, but I did have the opportunity to visit Vegas, and enjoyed the atmosphere emmensely. So, to start and finish at an airport with slot machines is pretty cool in my book.
4	Airport with the NICEST people!They try to be funny and actually smile at you! They don't yell at you to take off your shoes. They just tell you instructions!With free wifi, restaurants, and slot machines, LIKE =)
4	I enjoy the slot machines at this airport. I imagine that if I'd never come up even or if I'd gambled away a lot more I would enjoy it less... but it helps to pass the time. Everything is pretty well laid-out and the food and beverage selections here are okay. All in all, it's a decent little place.
4	It's Vegas...   it has just about everything you would expect.  Slots, tons of food options, tourists thrilled to have arrived in Vegas, and those with broken spirits and empty wallets leaving Vegas... Definitely one of the better airports for people watching as well.
3	What other airport in the world is going to have as many slot machines and video poker games like McCarran?! I love flying in and out of here. Getting a taxi as soon as you arrive is super easy and it usually costs less than $20 to get to The Strip (even cheaper if you're staying on the southside). Unless you're a moron who packs shampoo bottles in his/her carry-on item, you're not gonna get hassled by TSA. I fly Southwest, and its mostly a straight shoot from the airport entrance, to security, to the gate. Still, get here an hour early on the weekends, and 30-45 minutes before your flight on the slower weekdays. If you have time to kill, head over to the slot machines or use the free wi-fi. By the way, the food selection here isn't the best, so eat before your flight and finally, the airport slot machines have way worse odds than the ones in the casinos so beware!
3	The only airport I know where people don't look like they're ready to die in the terminals.  Also the only one I know that has $1 machines next to the Cinnabon.  The eternally-closed Cinnabon.   Easy to park at for short-term, drive-up & drop-off is equally good rather than a 20-minute ordeal.  Fast security lines.
3	Until recently, it's been over 10 years since I've flown out of LAS, so I will technically consider this my first visit. Although it's a relatively heavy international airport, you don't really sense it throughout the domestic terminal. I consider it a shame because the excitement and sophistication that international air travel brings is non existent through the plain and dimly lit halls of Terminal C.For airplane spotters like me, LAS is a wonderful airport. Easy access to the top level of the parking lot presents magnificent views of the runway facing the strip. There's really no comparison to any other airport views like this. While walking to your gate, you are also faced with a plethora of non obstructed windows, which give you great views as well.I had a great encounter with the personnel working here as well. From the Southwest check-in agents to the TSA crew (big surprise), everyone was very cheery for some odd reason. I even had a good 5 min conversation with the lady checking my ID at security.The airport makes a good effort to maintain their proud aviation history with the use of educational exhibits throughout the airport. A model display of airplanes that have passed through LAS, an exhibit on the operational history of the airport, and a well preserved Hacienda Airlines Cessna 172 are just some of the few things that make this airport great for an aviation buff like me.When you get to the gate area, however, it's a completely different story. This is a common occurence with Southwest at most airports, but I could definitely feel it here a lot more than at OAK or ONT for example. Southwest gate areas are always heavily overcrowded. People sitting on the floor not giving a shit about who has to walk around them, while they stare at you for walking around with a camera and taking photos of airplanes taxiing by. It's definitely a different vibe than with most United customers, but that's what you get for flying with them.
2	Pros: Fast taxi service, a people-watching mecca, decent amount of food/drink choices, and slot machines (although I've never heard about anyone winning big here).Cons: I don't know why but many of my flights through here have been delayed, baggage claim always is slow and super packed.
3	It's a nice airport and has many places to eat. Security seems to get you in & out quickly.
5	i fly in on planes here and i fly out on planes herei has never lost my bags in this airportsometimes the lines are long but it is a busy airportthere's a tram!!!!!!!!!1111one1
4	As airports go its normal. I do enjoy the slot machines. They are around almost every corner. There are charging stations for your pluggables. The bathrooms are clean. Signage is legible and easy to find.
4	Greeat shuttle service... Lots of space so it doesnt feel like your boxed in all the time..
4	I got to the airport super early for my flight and I was dreading the wait. But the free wifi at McCarran was so great and the wait passed quickly. Security was relatively fast and the little tram that you take to the D Gates is really fun. And if you haven't lost enough money in Vegas already, you can always play some slots while you're waiting to board.
2	If you're traveling through McCarran International, make sure you allow time.  When you're leaving Las Vegas -- you MUST allow 1 hour to get checked in, through security and to your gate (and that's when I'm a Premier member with the airline I fly most often).  Good luck....arrive early.
3	I think there's a tale of two McCarran Intl's to tell... The tale of flying a nice classy legacy carrier into terminal D and flying Southwest and US Air into terminal C.  Its Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde if you will...My first of many experiences with this airport was flying Southwest (theres my first problem) and landing in the C terminal.  It was a like a horrible invasion of early 90's southwestern colors combined with lots of dinging of slots and general old airport layout confusion.  And since it was connecting I had to go way across the airport navigating the horrific layout of terminals built onto terminals to find my gate.  In between the two gates I managed to eat a 9 dollar BK Whopper.  So if you've gathered from my description, Terminal C is a like a chaotic 3rd world airport with slot machines and grossly overpriced fast food.The flip side of the coin is stepping off of your United/AA/Delta flight into the shiny new terminal D.  Its clean, its new, the concourse is wide and easy to navigate.  If you want to see one the best views of the Vegas strip go hang out and grab a drink and snack in the Continental (now United?) Presidents Club.  Its on top of the terminal.  It has a great view and it's an incredibly comfortable place to hang out.  Maybe one day Delta will reopen their LAS club and give a similar place to lounge away from the unwashed masses.  I think terminal D is a great airport experience, one of the best you'll have for a large airport.The way they level out the two different experiences is by funneling you on a tram to the chaotic baggage claim area where you can be shuttled off to the casinos or rental car garage.  If you were crazy enough to check a bag you'll wait a extraordinarily long time for your bag since baggage claim is no where near either terminal.  Other than that, have a great time you're in Vegas after all.  Just make sure you ask your cabbie where to pickup Booze, Women & Guns (in no particular order), you're sure to get an interesting and candid response.  And tip everyone well that helps you with luggage or your cab etc etc, you're in Vegas they expect it and you should anyways
4	It feels great walking out of the gate and down the escalator to the baggage claim at this airport: the big jumbo screens, color posters, slot machines, it all gets you excited for a great weekend of fun. All car rental companies are at one off-site location accessible by free shuttle bus. Its not a great place on the trip home and yo're trying to find (1) a wall outlet to charge your phone because they just don't exist, and (2) finding a good place to eat, especially during the evening to night (there's a Chili express by the security check-in but they close early).
5	The last time I was here is 2006 coming back to San Francisco from Washington, DC. I got off the plane coming from Baltimore International Airport to transfer to another plane to fly into Oakland International Airport. This is also one of the cleanest airport facilities I've been to.So far, McCarran is the only airport with slot machines. When I made this pit stop here, I was very surprised to see casino slot machines inside an airport. But beware, no matter which airport you are at, always be sure to have extra cash on you because the dining and shopping can be very expensive. Airport dining and shopping is very well-known to be on the pricey side.
4	Actually, one of my favorite airports to fly into. I mean, how can you not like to be greeted by seeing the Las Vegas strip when you touch down, ringing slot machines as you make your way to baggage claim, huge signage all around advertising places to eat and shows to see, and an Elvis impersonator helping some travelors with their bags? I kid you not!This airport has a decent enough amount of shops and places to grab a bite to eat, cigar store, slots to lose your money in while waiting for your flight, and the prerequisite souvenier places that seem to dot every airport. One of the cleanest airports I have been at. Bright, cheery, easy on and off cab service, usually quick and efficient security lines, FREE wifi, quick tram to baggage area, and super easy to get to as it is right in the city. Yes, you can make a quick escape with your big winnings, or make a break for it with your last few dollars.At least this airport has a sense of humor, as seen by the check in videos at security while waiting on line. Star Trek charactors, Impersonators, Magicians, and others try to get through security with all types of mishaps. It's one last shot of entertainment before getting on that long flight home.McCarran Airport is a wonderfully strange and wacky travel hub that lives up to it's city's billing, and totally epitomizes what this town is all about. What happens in Vegas....takes off at this airport!
3	It does the job. Best part is the free wifi. It always feels a little crowded, but then again, so does Vegas. The architecture and interior design is not as impressive as other airports, but their tram system is pretty efficient.
3	This airport is the perfect port to put you in the mood for your Vegas trip.  Shortly after getting off your plane you are bombarded by the sound of slot machines and a variety of shops.  Take note -- if you forget to buy souvenirs at the hotel, you can always find a few neat things from the actual strip hotels here.There's the escalator that takes you to Baggage claim with the large "Welcome to Vegas" sign to put you in the mood.  Baggage Claim, however, is consistently SLOOOOOW.  The cab stand is hit or miss depending on when you come.  I've stood in line anywhere from 10 to 45 minutes.  So each time I always wonder whether I should just fork out some bucks for a car service (prearranged as onsite limos/cars are discouraged as unsafe).This place gets three stars because aside from the slow baggage claim and unpredictable cab stands, the airport is compact and efficient, which means I never really worry about having to catch my flight.
4	The minute you step into this place from the plane, you are greeted by the crazy sight and noise of slot machines gaLORE. Wow. Hope you're not addicted to gambling, because flying into and out of this airport will be the anti-rehab for you. We went to get our bags, and above the baggage claim area are huge posters advertising the shows, including Chippendales and if I remember correctly, I thought I saw an ad for the Thunda Down Unda.One of the coolest thing about flying out of here is its proximity to the strip. It's RIGHT there beside it. We were watching planes fly to and from the airport from our room at the MGM hotel. Note: The car rental area is not connected directly to the airport building, so you take a shuttle to the separate car rental building.
5	Six major factors that play into my 5-star rating of LAS:  1.  I have a strange fascination with billboards, even though I live in a state that has had a billboard ban since 1965 (Hawaii).2.  In 2011, I've already been on two vacations, both in Vegas.  My third trip (in July/August) will be in ... Vegas.3.  Honolulu International Airport (my home airport) always makes me feel dirty and claustrophobic, as if I'm trapped in a warehouse.  LAS is a very welcomed contrast to HNL's brown blandness.4.  Flying puts me in a bad mood, but I suddenly feel better as soon as I step out of the plane - even more so when the plane lands in Vegas!5.  I appreciate the free, three-mile shuttle ride to the all-in-one rent-a-car center with bathrooms, seating areas and a snack shop.6.  It's conveniently located - the driving distance from LAS to the strip or downtown is relatively short.
3	3 stars. What more am I supposed to say aside from the fact that I love how they have slot machines inside... hahaSin City baby!
4	They have slots in the airport.  Winning.Seriously, there are other pros.  There are short lines, ample flights to anywhere imaginable, and very few delays.  The food selection is also impressive, although I would have liked to see a SoCal burger chain in there, such as In-N-Out.The airport cannot expand, though; it's surrounded by the Strip on one side, Sunset Road on another, and residences on the other two.  If they're going to expand, they are looking at a place between Jean and Primm.  Talk about inconvenient.  So how this airport is now will probably be the biggest it will get, unfortunately.Very fun airport near ALL the attractions.
1	In a word - DUMP.  The Southwest terminal looks like something out of the 70's or 80's with the mauve/purple decor.  For the number of people coming through it is small and thus very crowded.  The WiFi is in and out, strong signal, weak signal.  The food courts are disgusting.  The area around Wendy's and Popeyes is manned by "Edwin" who shuffles around, and makes a weak attempt to clean up -- if only ICE would swoop in and deport his lazy ass.   Today, the high temp was only 81 but it felt that hot or hotter for most of the 2.5 hours I wasted in the terminal waiting for my Southwest (or should I say Southworst) flight.  Only until around 7:30 did the terminal cool down which makes me wonder what it will be like in this hell hole when it gets over 100 degrees outside.  Other than the freakshow of strange looking, obese, and Sr. citizens blowing their SS money in Lost Wages, this airport makes Newark look like paradise.
4	Gotta love flying into vegas! Almost the best feeling u get when u enter this airport because there is some sort excitement in the air that hits you. When you arrive to this airport you see the colorful slot machines. The airport is big enough where it isn't so crowded. The baggage claim area is also a good size too. There is alot of people that fly into vegas so sometime you will witness celebs or athletes at this airport. I would say the only thing i don't like about this airport is that the taxi cab line gets very long PENDING what time you fly in. But yeah, there are decent food places to eat but the prices are jacked up a tad higher. The slot machines are fun to have around if your waiting for your flight. It'll give you something to doo. Flying out of the vegas is actually not fun because most of the time you fly out of here your de-hydrated or still hung over from the amazing vegas weekend!
4	Pretty awesome.--Free WiFi!!!!!--Baggage claim was fast, pretty much got my bags within 10 minutes of getting off the plane.--Great shuttle system to get to car rental center.  Yes, a car rental center!  Just hop on any rental shuttles and they'll bring you to a place with all the rental agencies.  I love not calling and waiting for individual ones.--Places are clearly labelled.  I don't get why people think this airport is a maze.  Maybe it wasn't clear in the past.--You can gamble.  I choose to waste my money on food, but thanks for the option.--Security check was pretty fast.--TSA even checks random people after passing security but before boarding the plane.  Kind of makes me feel safer.--Good food and shop options.--I don't love carpets either but it wasn't really dirty and the bathrooms are well maintained.
4	I've only ever flown Delta through this airport, but for that experience McCarran really is excellent in my opinion.Its bright, big, clean and airy for starters.   Free WiFi is a huge bonus, it can be a little spotty in certain areas, so if it does seem off, try moving around.  I managed to get a decent 2Mbp connection consistently during a very busy bustling period.Airport services are run of the mill.  From the restaurants expect high prices, so so quality and completely contrasting levels of service.  There are no fancy restaurants or bars, just the usual chain options - mind you I am endlessly drawn to 'Jody Maroni's Sausage Kingdom' time and time again, more for the name than anything else.To cap things off though, when you travel through airport after airport, things start to become mundane and ubiquitous - to see slot machines, Klingons on the TSA's instruction videos while you queue, the Las Vegas strip out the D Terminal windows amongst other things, really can take the edge off the banal and inject a little surreality into the traveling experience.
3	Although this airport is old, dated and lacking any nice amenities the airport is small and easy to navigate.  The taxi line can get super long but it moves fast so don't be discouraged. Stay away from the slots. Some of the worst odds in the whole city.
2	Granted, I do not fear Las Vegas. I loathe it so, though. And... the airport takes everything I don't like about the place and smooshes it into one place -- making me that much further away from all the things I love about Las Vegas. *The only airport that always, always, always offers a shot after you order a beer (I inquired and it gets about a 30% return rate). *Pitiful food options (Chili's To Go is about all there is other than pre-made sandwiches). *If you gamble, you'll love it. If you don't, you wonder why the slot machine space isn't taken up with bean bags and foot massage parlors. *There's giant chicks in bikinis toting guns on posters (not cool). They do have life size tile wall displays of each sex for each bathroom rather than small door signs. That's all that stands out to me. Oh, and the always bumpy landing. Oh, and their departure screens aren't big enough to display every flight, so you break out in sweats wondering why your flight isn't on the board! Yes, this review is one big *harrumph.*
3	Not enough gambling facilities for my liking! ;) Where are the slot machines when you need them, like in the queue at customs... If you can't wait until you get to the strip, or the withdrawal symptoms have already kicked in during the 15min cab ride back to the airport this place has you covered.Not great food options, but I always try to avoid, eating, or for that matter spending money in over priced, under quality airport establishments.Great views of the Vegas lights on approach, try try try to get a window seat flying into Vegas!!Perfect location, for a super fast and cheap transfer to Vegas strip, let the fun times begin!!Free WIFI in the terminal is a big plus, a chance to catchup with the real world while you wait to board your plane.
3	Rookie fliers ..you can fight for the front seats in the airplane while I go to the back Burbank unboards com both front and backI need a drink
4	This airport is so convenient to the Strip. It is also convenient in terms of slot machines strategically placed all around the airport. What airport has slot machines in them? Well this one does. The only other airport that I know of that has slot machines was in Frankfurt Germany. They seem to have grown more food choices at McCarran. I do love their tram system. It seems to be quite efficient. Once you finish taking the tram, you walk down the escalator into the baggage claim area. You can either take the inexpensive shuttle or go into a taxi queue and get ripped off. They are actually really good about getting everyone though the security lines since that airport gets so much traffic especially during the weekends.Oh yeah, the free WiFi helps pass the time too.
4	It's hard to provide an objective review of McCarran, I mean... I'm always in a happy mood when I'm in Vegas.  I love VEGAS.  I am here a few times a year and I never have a problem with this airport.  Maybe its the great weather that reduces the amount of possibly flight delays or maybe its just the fact that its Vegas and almost everyone is here for vacation which equals a more fun atmosphere.The baggage claim is a large open area, with tons of ads for shows and casinos.  I think that the open atmosphere, coupled with slot machines everywhere create a cool Vegas vibe when you're waiting for your bag.  Then if you are being picked up, its $2 to park across from the baggage claim,its easy to get parking there if you need someone to wait for you after you've arrived.  In addition, the airport is very close to the strip.  here's a good tip:  Figure out if your hotel has hotel shuttle from the airport to the casino.  In the past, it was all taxis or 3rd party shuttle vans, but now casinos FINALLY have their own shuttles which saves time and money.
3	TIP:  use their free wifi here (very spotty though)i only fly southwest here at McCarran, and the layout is very disjointed.  I can't say for other airlines but southwest has two areas with available gates.  So if you went to the wrong gate (or wanted to visit a friend from the other gate) , and that gate happens to be on the side, you have to pretty much run to the other side of the airport.  Also, the rental car center have to be shuttled (wastes time).  There is also one rental car company that is not even in the rental center (i think it's fox).  Do not rent from them!! they are far away, which is a waste of time.  Rentals in LV are cheap anyways.
4	I'm happy with this airport.  Easy to use, plenty of cabs to and from and plenty of seating. I've only had a really long line in security once, and that's saying a lot since I go to Vegas at least one time a year on average.There are plenty of food places to check out as well, gift shops and Ethel M's chocolates. Free Wi-Fi is a nice addition as well. Large baggage claim area as well. If you're stuck on a long layover, there are plenty of slot machines to play if you so choose. Good airport, better city, why not fly in here?
3	Really, slot machines in the airport? Advertisements for shirtless men and vending machines selling single roses? How much trashier can you get? At least McCarran actually functions as an airport fairly efficiently and the taxi line is super well organized.
4	Be aware of the slot machines. They are very tempting to put a little in while you are waiting to get out!
3	Okay airport. For a city as glamorous as Las Vegas, I don't get that high roller feel at McCarran. Aside from the slot machines in the terminals, it seems like this could be a large airport in any city.I did not come across many issues specific to the airport. Though there could be better signage in the terminal. Found it difficult to figure out where public transportation was located. The location of the bus stop is on a lower level away from the terminals. Can be a challenge to find. Might be better off taking a shuttle instead to the Strip.The terminals are fine. Pretty predictable with restaurants with inflated food prices. Though at least they have free wi-fi. Security lines are not too bad, though I was taking an early evening flight which would explain this.McCarran is okay, but I think Las Vegas deserves a nicer looking airport. With so many glamorous casinos on the Strip, I don't see why the airport, which is the first impression of Vegas for visitors, has to look so drab.
3	McCarran International Airport is a little dated and can get quite busy. I fly out of McCarran early on a Sunday morning 7AM. I had expected that at 5:30AM it would be relatively quick to get to the gate. However it was quite busy. The security line was a little long, but it did move rather quickly. They do a good job oh having multiple agents and Xray machines to get the line moving. To get to your terminal you need to take a tram and there are many escalators/stairs. There is quite a bit of walking until you arrive to your departing gate. Take this into account when flying out of Vegas.There didn't seem to be many good options for food. Just your normal fast food and magazine shops.McCarran is satisfactory, and does the job. However, I have seen much nicer airports.
1	Abandon hope all ye who enter here. This place, frankly, is a dump. And while abandoning hope, abandon any thought of eating here: trendy overpriced Host Marriott burritos are stlll overpriced (underflavored, fairly disgusting) Host Marriott burritos. Never thought I'd be looking forward to airplane food.I know it's an airport, but I've never hoped for a speedy departure as I did there.
4	I make it quick- overall I think this is a very nice Airport- nice entertainment, even when you have to wait for your luggage you can watch commercials on the big screen- your luggage gets to the belt pretty quick- slots almost everywhere you go to spend some of your money- lots of shops to spend even more money, if you did not lose it all at the slots- No rental car pick up directly at the Airport, the bring you in a Bus to the Rental Car Terminal, that sucks since it took more time. But other than that a very convenient Airport, I liked it!!
4	Terminals are usually clean and full of strippers, alcoholics and gamblers that are broke.  There are plenty of places to eat.  There are some shops where you can buy last minute gifts and slot machines if you are bored.
5	Nothing beats landing in Vegas on a Friday night!
3	This is my first time flying from here as a resident of Las Vegas and there are no signs before you get to the terminal as to what airlines are served by each terminal. So we just had to resign to driving thru each terminal to determine which one was for Southwest (Terminal 1 btw). Other than that having a tram to get to gates and slots for entertainment is a bonus for sure. Lots of food to choose from but security was either super picky today or the ppl traveling (this one chic tried going thru the metal detector with half a jewelry store still on) have no idea how to travel - I am thinking it is the latter. :-)
3	I fly to Vegas often for business & it's definitely one of the 'better' airports. Free wifi with many food options make it one of my faves. Dinged a few stars for the insane security checkpoints (always backlogged) and the crazy amount of tourists and indoor smoking.
1	Worst airport EVER. Cross your fingers, toes, and whatever else because you DO NOT want to get stuck here. The available outlets are non existent unless you want to sit on the floor next to the electric sidewalk or a water fountain. Freakin ridiculous. The gates are hard to find and if you're an unlucky sonava, don't be surprised if you get lost. Unfortunately, we have to deal with it because it's the only airport really available. For me, I'm over it. No more Vegas, please.
2	What a cruddy airport. It's ugly and uncomfortable.  The food choices in the southwest terminal are awful.  At least it has free Internet.
3	I'm not a huge fan of airports to begin with, but McCarran could use some updating. There were no outlets near my gate and food choices were slim pickings, BUT my flights came and went on time and I got through security in under 15 minutes. I am also always amused by the slot machines all over the place. Hey, it's Vegas; a weird mash up of class and trash is to be expected.
3	3 stars for slot machines in the airport! Other than that it's just like any other airport.
4	Some of the best people watching in the world. Of the old, blonde, fake breasted, spray tanned, unfortunate outfit variety. :).
3	I sat at a slot machine for over an hour waiting for my flight, and some Italian guy came and sat down next to me, put in a dollar, and won a $200 jackpot...WTF!!!  X-/
3	This airport is pretty painless to get through. Security is pretty efficient and nice enough. There's def an odd mix of fancy and not so fancy people. Terminals have slots to get one last shot of winning it big. All in all, a decent experience.
4	The TSA videos are great!  A little humor always makes the time in line pass faster. Airport is easy to get around, plenty of options for affordable eats to take on the plane or before boarding.  The best part has to be the  kiosk selling diamond jewelry in the boarding area.  Only in Las Vegas!
4	I'd give this airport a 4.5,but that's not an option.The airport is much like the city...24 hours.Big...but there's a tram.People seem to always be running into you.Otherwise good airport
3	It is...an airport.    And as airports go, not a bad one, especially if you are in the more modern D terminal.  Lots of typical "airport meets mall" venues offering overpriced food and unnecessary merchandise.  There is, of course, gambling in the form of slot machines and that tends to be rather unusual for an airport in the USA.  If you have the airline status or club membership necessary, the Continental Presidents Club near D33/35 is on the upper level and is quite nice.  Lots of power plugs and free snacks & beverages.
3	The airport itself is decent. I would never gamble here, but i do see people at the slots. the monorail is fun to ride to  baggage claim.beware spirit airlines!
3	I have nothing negative to say about this place. Could use a makeover seems a little ran down but bathrooms and terminals were clean and employees were friendly which is my only requirement. THis place is always popping because the whole planet is flying into town to party and gamble. Cant blame them!
3	I am not a "fan" of airports and I am not even sure why one would be. It is the least interesting part of air travel and the most arduous to get through.I am okay with this one because getting past security is pretty quick, quicker than LAX, but it has more people just smoking and it smells gross.This is kind of a two star joint but I guess I am feeling charitable being coming in and going out was quick.
3	Airport has ample restaurant options and of course plenty of slot machines to keep you entertained while you wait for your flight.
4	It's a newer airport, with tons of shops and restaurants. It's not too big either, so you're not walking 5 miles trying to find the exit.The only thing that royally sucks about it is the line for the taxis. It was a formidably nostalgic feeling of hot summer days at Disneyland waiting to get on Thunder Mountain. Long. Hot. Took Forever. Otherwise, it's probably the best busy airport I've been to.
3	Its an Ok airport. The Security lines are minimal usually. The Restaurants here are more expensive than other airports that ive been in. Ample parking. Airline staff are helpful and Mccarran has plenty of wheelchairs which is a big plus when your traveling with an elderly passenger.
3	It's an airport, a lot like other airports except it has the patina of Vegas glitz and glamor.  Baggage claim is a sensory overload.  Plenty of food and retail outlets at airport and Vegas-inflated prices.  You are never far from a Starbucks here.  The rental car center is off-airport and is an approximate 8 minute shuttle-bus ride from the terminal.  Factor that time in upon your return.  The shuttle buses seem to run frequently.  I travel to Vegas on business so my only complaint is you travel here among tourists who don't frequently travel by air and are somewhat less experienced in the nuances of air travel.
4	Yes it's bizarre that there are slot machines in an airport, but think about where you are!! I like this airport, the passenger pickup area is super easy to get in and out of, it's a decent size airport and pretty easy to get around. There's some decent restaurants and bars inside and as long as you have your shit together the security lines are never that big of an issue. Plus, this is one of the best airports for people watching I love the freak shows that fly in/out of Vegas!!
3	Who doesn't love sin city, seriously though it's time for Las Vegas to invest some money into re-doing the airport.  The baggage claim area is clean and organized but, the departure gates NEED help, the airport has a dark, dreary feel to it.
4	No problem here and the sky caps were more than helpful
4	I think McCarran gets a bad rap. I have never really had a bad experience here. I always find parking, the ticket agents are pleasant, its easy to get through the terminal, the security lines aren't awful (however, I did find out that some TSA agent saw me naked through that new security scanner...hope he liked what he saw). Overall I am a fan of this place because its WAAAAAAAAYYYYYY better than flying out of Philly or LAX.
2	This airport requires a tram ride between ticketing/baggage claim and the terminals.  I hate tram rides in airports.  Most of the time I'd just rather walk.Also, the rental car center is a shuttle ride away.  I realize this is becoming more and more common with the bigger airports, but I don't like paying all of the "airport recovery fees" on my car rental and still having to take a shuttle bus to get the car!The passenger pickup area is also really confusing and McCarran is always packed and seems difficult to navigate.Bonus points for the slot machines, though!
2	Airport isn't bad, tsa is rude and liars.
4	McCarran is money for me. I like the way everything is set up here, especially since they made the "special southwest only" security check thru area to go to terminal C. Not once have I taken more than 15 minutes to get through security flying southwest airlines, and most times I walk right to the front of the line (maybe that's cause I'm a smart traveler and book days that aren't holidays or busy weekends, just so I can avoid high volume hassles traveling)The airport is very centrally located in Vegas, as we all know, it's just south and east of the strip. It's easy to get into off the 215 or from Tropicana if you come from that part of town. They have been going through some expansion issues, and have changed the way people drive into the departures and arrivals area and I think that has made the congestion go way down.One of the things I love about this airport, is actually not about the airport at all.  One of the reasons I decided to live in Vegas is because I travel a lot and there are always millions of flights in and out that I can choose from and the price is pretty low compared to other airports where I could've chosen to live. Any time I decide to travel I always have lots of options (mostly Southwest and United airlines).Another thing I like about this airport is that international travel flies out of Terminal 2, which is completely separate but uses the same runways. That keeps the traveler congestion down in the main terminal, which is huge, because this is always one of the top 5 busiest airports in the US every year. A quick tip: you have to check in 50 minutes prior to your departure time. I have heard stories of people running late and checking in 45 minutes prior to departure, and the ticketing agent wouldn't let them check in and have made them change their schedule to a later flight to avoid missing the flight. The WIFI is free here. The restaurants are all here, whether you want a sandwich, quick lunch, sit down at a restaurant and have a nice meal, sit at the bar, have a drink and watch the game, or just grab a banana or muffin and a bottle of water, this airport seems to have all the choices.Can't really give an airport 5 stars can ya???4 solid stars for me
2	It's Vegas and I would expect a more classy airport.  But it does what it is suppose to do.
2	I thought the flight attendant was joking about slot machines in front of the gate- connection flight to SJC.  Well, it was sad to see that this place is basically a casino with terminals and gates- tacky 70's interior of beige carpeting and swivel seats for slot machine players.  Flight into Vegas was just as alarming like a scene out of "Bridesmaid".  The whole back section of our Southwest flight was drunk and loud on our morning flight.  Everyone was turning there heads to see a bunch of unruly college kids under the influence.  Dining options are a bit spotty but gate service was fine.  Great view of the mountains from here.  I just think this place needs to be renovated since it looks really tacky on the inside.
4	I become a completely different person in Vegas. Most of us do. We play, we gamble, we watch the sun rise before hitting the hay, and we literally throw money away better than MC Hammer. And apparently, I enjoying long delays for my flight...? Well why wouldn't I? The perks to killing a few hours in LAS:-The people watching. Those getting off the plane are drunk, excited, and still have a little of that innocence behind their eyes. Those boarding their planes are... still drunk,  though from a 48-hour binge involving some form of grain alcohol, they're typically missing at least one crucial item of clothing, and it's obvious they've seen things. Unmentionable things. -SLOT MACHINES. Scrap together the seventy-five cents you have left in the corner of your purse and hit the penny slots. If you win, hey maybe you can replenish a little of that savings account you somehow depleted miraculously in a blink of an eye. And if you lose, well seventy-five cents isn't gonna buy you much else. -Drinking. It's just different in Vegas. I'll leave it at that.-Easy to get around. I can go from security, which was surprisingly bearable, to having my fanny parked at a slot machine in my terminal in under ten minutes. -Mono-rail. Convenient for so many reasons. -Free Wi-Fi. How much did I spend at that club at... 5 A.M.?!?Quite a pleasant experience for an airport, compared to some. (I'm talking to you ORD.)
3	Not real fancy, but it does the trick getting oneself from point A to B. High points for good shopping while you wait, low points for a complete lack of dining options. The bars are okay but don't expect a strong pour (which I need since I'm such a SUPERBAD flier). Rather, expect to be ID'd regardless of your age and to have to deal with self righteous bartenders in the process. On this occasion a rather elderly couple came into the bar and asked for a glass of wine. The bartender REFUSED to serve them because either they didn't have their ID handy or they were just too offended by this guy to produce it. Anyway after they left, the bartender went on and on and on for about 30 minutes about how EVERYONE needs to have ID. Come on dude, it's called the letter of the law vs. the spirit of the law. We get that you know how to follow instructions but seriously... grow a pair and stop harassing 80 year olds. Oh, and does anyone remember when "making it a double" only cost a couple bucks more? Apparently those happy days are gone far far away because drinks at the airport have gotten pricey! Otherwise, a few tidbits of super useful information: - having to ride the tram is a bit of a pain if you weren't expecting to lug your bags from terminal to terminal.- the taxi line is faster than it appears. -the TSA line often takes forever, especially when they aren't expecting a large influx of people. - nobody wins at the slot machines. - I still hate Delta airlines. If you don't live in Vegas or this isn't just a quick stopover, McCarran airport is part of the whole "going to Vegas" process. Enjoy!
4	I've been to a lot of airports, and this one manages to be pleasant and comfortable and clean without that sterile hospital feel that the other airports seem to be shooting for. And it's got that little Vegas touch, what with the slot machines and all. On the downside, all the dinging noises can get kind of irritating if you're on a long layover. However...and this is a real game-changer in my book...Mcarran offers free wi-fi! YES! I mean...they put wi-fi on the plane and then charge you through the nose for it, you get a layover in other places like, say, Minneapolis where surprise! they want you to pay for it too. Stopping over at the airport in Vegas is a welcome relief just because of this. Also, they have decent food throughout the airport, and the bathrooms are spaced at reasonable intervals (even though I do think they're a bit small. Ugh bathroom lines.) Ground transportation at McCarran is probably the most efficient and cheapest that I've seen. Also, they've moved all the rental car companies to one building off-site, and there's a frequent shuttle bus that will take you there for free. I don't think the airport is terribly big, so it's relatively easy to get around. All in all, not a bad place to fly into or out of or to be stuck at, and the people-watching potential is truly spectacular.
4	What a delightful airport that is very clean and easy to get around. Surprisingly seeing how the city itself is quite dirty. Slot machine's are located throughout each terminal even in baggage claim and the car rental facility. Our bag's came out very quickly, score let the fun begin. They have many stores and restaurants as well. Last minute shopping at some cool places. The staff are very friendly, willing to help you with anything. I had not flown into this airport in years and it was nice to see how organized and clean it was. I also did not remember how big it was, maybe it's just me but it seems they have expanded over the years. A true delight flying in looking at the sand dune mountains surrounding the city, what a beautiful sight. Was sad to say goodbye to all the desert beauty. Both flights were on time, with a very friendly staff throughout the entire airport. Hmm, most people are tourist flying into this airport, maybe MIA can learn something from them. Would be nice, and this is why I always fly out of FTL.
4	I have been to many airports around the country and a few across the world. I can rattle off the ones that I would go to great distances to avoid and McCarran is not one of them. It may not be the spiffiest airports around, but the staff have always been efficient and considerate. The customer service does not stop at the casinos and businesses, but is apparent even here. The routes and markers are clear and very easy to follow. I have never been lost in getting to my destination or late for a flight. The check points always move at a reasonable speed and the tram to the D Gates are prompt.
3	They make it very easy to get into Vegas. I go about once a year and when I get to baggage claim, most of the claims are not being used as I guess the flight arrivals are spread out. Once you go outside, it's very easy to got a taxi or a shuttle.Sadly when leaving the security line is just nuts. Make sure to arrive 2 hours prior to your flight departure.If you are flying Southwest, your eating options are limited to fast food.
4	Coming from Charlotte, I'm an airport snob. This was the best airport I've been in besides Charlotte-Douglas, though surprisingly large. There were a multitude of restaurants scattered throughout, though a very long walk to access them from certain gates. The airport gambling provided something entertaining to watch while waiting for the plane. On this Saturday, the airport was near empty and even the TSA looked bored. Refreshing to have an airport experience that wasn't hectic and confusing.
3	As far as airports go, it's fine. Pretty efficient, people working there are nice. Don't bother with the slot machines- they don't pay for CRAP! Then again, who would really expect them to, right?
4	Coming in and out of Las Vegas seems to be fairly painless.  The nice thing is that its close to the Strip.  A lot of cities like Seattle place their airports so far out of the city it costs an arm and a leg to get there.(Btw, watch out for taxi drivers taking you to the strip through the freeway instead of local roads.  It costs about $30 instead of $15 this way! This has nothing to do with the airport but just want to let you know.)This airport is small so getting in and out is very easy.  The only bad thing is that there's very few food selections! At least in Southwest and Alaska related areas...
4	I'm not here at this airport for food or the slots... I'm happy with the quick transition of Southwest and Virgin airlines terminals especially baggage claim. I'm here to get out to Las Vegas strip NOT to stay and linger unless waiting for a friend. In short, it's the perfect little spot to depart from and to arrive to.
3	It's Vegas baby how bad can it be?
4	Free Wi-Fi? Check$8/day Economy Parking w/ Free Shuttle? Check and checkShort wait time at the security line? Most of the timeSecurity yelling at you to move at passenger pick-up? All of the timeOverall, I like this airport. For being an international airport in a bustling city, it's usually quiet and crowd-free, at least when I travel. I like airports in general, and McCarran is no exception. An Ethel M chocolate store, flat escalators, easy navigation throughout the airport, and clean- features in the airport that make me excited to travel from this airport. Of course, it wouldn't be the main Vegas airport without a view of the Strip, slot machines and billboards of shows and hotels. The food options are limited and overpriced. I tried the Mexican restaurant here, and it was not good. I also tried the TCBY/pretzel place, which was okay. Dropping off someone at the airport is usually hassle-free. You can park your car at the designated airline section, and help your someone unload their luggage, say your farewells, and watch them leave. But watch out for reckless drivers especially the taxis, and pedestrians in this area. Picking up someone at the airport is usually my least favorite part of this airport. You could park at short-term parking and wait for your someone at baggage claim or across the other side of the entrance, but this requires a few dollars. Another option is to try your luck and time your someone's arrival exactly, so you can do a fast pick up at the passenger pick-up area. But don't be surprised when a security guard comes with an attitude for you to move. If you're traveling alone, I would suggest parking in the economy lot and taking the shuttle to the airport to save money. But if your wallets are full from a successful gambling trip, park in long-term parking at the garage. One time, my plane was delayed for 4 hours...how did I survive? Free Wi-Fi! Makes time go by fast. If the airport was fancier like some of the other airports I've been to, that would bring up my review to 5 stars. Overall, I like McCarran.
2	Although this airport looks good for a place that is used by thousands of people on a daily basis, there are still things that are odd. Some parts of the airport do not have air conditioning which is weird since its in the middle of the desert. The food court near "C" gates smelled bad and had food and trash all over the place. Just a weird place to be in. Other than that, decent and fast security lines and service.
5	A solid 5 stars.....You might ask yourself, why 5 stars? 5 stars for an airport, I like this airport a lot for a variety of reasons. First of all, it's easy to get in and out of. The cab lines aren't long even during peak seasons. Sometimes if I'm coming with my entire family I hire a limo and then forgetaboutit - no wait at all. I will say they have a variety of cheese ball shops here. Stupid foo foo shops, and sometimes I'll go to the candy store or donut shop to get a little sugar in me because you have to be fired up when you're in Vegas.I've always won when I have gambled in this airport, not large quantities but winning is better than losing. Back in my single days, it was quite easy to get picked up on or be picked up by hotties in this airport.I have even gotten sloshed in this airport before (several times). On one occasion back in my single days I was waiting for an 11:00 flight with a blonde georgia peach drinking bloody mary's in the lounge. Her flight left at 10:00 so we promised to hook up again at a later date after a quick kiss. I sat down and fell asleep waiting waiting for my America West plane. Being very tired, the AW attendants noticed me counting sheep and woke me up. I missed my flight but was on my way on the 1:30 flight out. Only those type of things happen in Vegas.What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.....
4	AAAAAAAHHHHHH VEGAS!!!!Not bad with the WiFi and all but a confusing airport that seems detached from the real world. But- who cares? You're in Vegas baby!
3	It's an airport. Thats' it. Lots of people watching, and starting at the future drunks. Free Wifi rocks though.
4	One of my favorite airports to fly into. Where else can you play slots when you get off the plane or before you leave (if you have any money left) Its a good size airport with lots to do and see. I believe the airport of a city is the a direct reflection of the city itself, well, this place epitomizes (sp?) that.  Lots of shuttles to and from the strip, lots of limos to rent (for the rockstars out there) or bus. Its almost an overload on the senses here.  When you're leaving, do get here a little earlier, security here is kind of crazy, especially when everyone leave at the same time.
3	Eh...could they make an airport any longer? This place is packed and hard to maneuver through, but its convenient location and only real option into Vegas makes it "good enough"
2	OMG, almost got into a physical fight with a woman here. The line for check in was REALLY long, mind you we were an hour early. Some flights were delayed and 30 minutes before take-off, the line did not get any shorter. So workers decided to let people "cut" whoevers flight was taking off first. This is understandable, because it would be worst if we missed our flight but they handled it the wrong way. This was "sprit" airlines btw.
4	In an unbelievable 30 minutes, we traveled from The Hotel, cabbed it over to the airport, checked in (with a line) at Southwest Airlines, went through security and were at our gate.  I've got to love leaving Vegas on a Monday!
4	Vegas baby.....vegas.....It's an airport. See all my other airport reviews. They are all about the same...sometimes on time, sometimes delays, sometimes long lines, sometimes not.
3	Crowded but well laid out.  Security moves fast and lots of good shopping for kids at home.
3	The good.  The taxi stand.  They have the best taxi stand I have ever seen.  Fast, efficient, and all actual taxis.   Ask for them to not take the tunnel though as the tunnel adds some milage to the trip.The bad.  The adverts.  Now I'm all about the freedom of consenting adults to do what they want.  However, I do draw the line for the 10 ft tall ads for strip clubs and reviews in areas that children are going to be in.  I don't have children, but I wouldn't want my children to see that type of stuff. I can not take them to places which have this sort of thing, but its hard to avoid airports if you have connecting flights, or relatives that live in the area.
3	My first review as a new Yelp Elite is...the airport?Those who know me, know that I love to travel.  Hell, that's why I have a job that entails 90% travel.  Because of my job, McCarran is as familiar as the back of my hand.  Bad example, as I haven't seen the back of my hand in quite a while.  Until now.This airport presents quite a quandary for my ratings system, as it's really 3 airports in one.  First, there's the Check in Counters/Baggage ClaimA/B/C gates.  Then there's the D gates, Lastly, there's Terminal 2, which houses international flights, which I will not review because I've never used it.Check in Counters/Baggage ClaimA/B/C gates:  Dated.  Classic Vegas surrounds you, with reflective ceilings and dark purple colors.  Slot machines EVERYWHERE to line Michael Gaughan's pockets.  Food options are bleak.  Baggage takes a while to reach the carousel, partially because of union workers and partially because of the size of this place.  At least they pay attention to priority stickers and get them on the belt first.D gates: brand spankin' new.  Love it.  Food options are better here, as well.  It takes a tram ride to get here.  Also houses the only airline club in McCarran; a Continental President's Club.  Try to fly American, Delta, Continental/United, Frontier, and Allegiant to get your ass in this terminal instead.Overall, McCarran was once at the forefront of airport technology. First, they introduced a universal system that allows for check in on any airline.  Then, they were the first to offer Wi-Fi throughout, a marvel for its time.  In it's heyday, it was the place to be.Now I pine for newer technology and a renovation of style.  I hope for US Airways to resume their night hub operations here and build a new airline club in the A/B gate areas.  I wish for phone scanners at all security checkpoints for mobile boarding passes.While I eagerly await the completion of Terminal 3, I also fear for the creation of Spaghetti Bowl II: Electric Bugaloo.
3	Always a wait... But ppl are nice.
4	Slot machines and free WiFi makes the wait times go by quickly.  It's also a great place to do some people watching.
4	I mean it's the gateway to all things amazing, alcoholic, expensive, and awesome. The baggage return is always speedy and the rental car shuttles are constant. The food available in the terminals is palatable and if you are really bored the slot machines will consume your money. Great airport all in all.
2	You mean I get to gamble while waiting for my flight??This airport is seriously lacking food options.  Eat before (or after) you come here.The security line moved pretty quick.  You know what doesn't?  The taxi line.  Prepare to wait out in the hot desert heat a while.Free wifi is a plus!
3	Ughh seems like its been under construction for ages and baggage claim takes forever. This airport stinks!! We waited over an hour for our bags.. Let's just say that the Philly natives were getting restless. The city of brotherly love is a city known to pelt Santa Claus with snowballs. I thought we were close to a riot in the baggage claim area. The only bright side is the airport is very close to the strip.. Note to self: don't check in bags..
3	On Friday I parted from Las Vegas to Indianapolis for a convention. I was on time as usual. I'm sorry I lied. I am always late but today I was here at 7am for my 9 am flight. Since I was early I decided to sip my coffee and  people watch for about 30 min. Then I went to security to go to my gate in Terminal C. Usually when I come to McCarran Airport  the security are rude and yell and have no patience with anyone. This time around though they were so pleasant! They greeted me with a smile and  told me there names referred me to some pubs and restaurants in Indianapolis. We all became nice quick friends. As I waved and thanked them for their lovely hospitality I began to search for my phone...IT WAS GONETrying to be mature about the situation... I freaked out.  I ran back to my new friends and asked them if they had seen my purple iPhone. No one had seen it. One of my new security friends Clara helped me by calling the operator. Not two seconds later the intercom came on saying 'ATTENITION ALL PASSENGERS IF YOU ARE MISSING AN IPHONE CALL THE OPERATOR!" Clara contacted the operator and told her I was coming to get my phone. What excellent customer service! After receiving my phone back I had a few minutes before my flight began to boardTo see what was in Terminal B. There's plenty...from the 1980s. The terminal is extremely outdated with about 5 places to eat. It smells funny and everything is extremely cramped. It was uncomfortable to say the least. In conclusion...Terminal B security is great ...Terminal B is not.Tip1. Hope you get to fly out of terminal D! That is the latest and greatest in airport luxury2. Don't forget your iPhone unless you become good friends with the nice lady named Clara.
4	Play the slots right and you can make enough money to buy food and drink at this airport.  Seriously, last time I was here I won $25 (could have walked away with more if it wasn't for that Star Wars slot machine, damn you Darth Vader) and that was enough to buy me a dinner while waiting for my connecting flight to JFK.Haven't flown into Vegas in a while and I am pleased with the upgrades.I'm pretty sure LAS was one of the first airports to offer complimentary wifi throughout the airport.  That wifi is the only thing in town that truly is free.
1	From stepping off the plane, walking to the baggage claim, and getting your cab or rental car, one thing screams out at me from the point of stepping into this joint. TOURIST TRAP. This whole town can hustle you pretty hard and the airport really gives you that feel that you're gonna be hustled really hard during the week. The airport tries really hard to give you an experience that is classy and will make you remember it forever. However, it's face it, this airport has gone huge, or what I like to call "gone wal-mart" and all of its potential of making the experience for the traveler just plain awful. Arriving to LAS is very easy because it's designed to get you out to the casinos as soon as possible. Departing from LAS is another thing. Yuck! This is one of those airports where you will spend an ungodly amount of time waiting from line to line to get to your gate. Mind you, this is on a typical weekend in Las Vegas, where it's generally crowded. Las Vegas is getting pretty big. I see that they're improving their airport by expanding it, but we will see if that will actually help with the fact that their TSA workers are slow and their food options suck.I have had heard true stories of cabbies ripping people off when arriving in LAS. DO NOT HAVE THEM TAKE YOU ON THE 215 to take you onto the strip. Tell them to take you straight to Tropicana, which is in the front of the airport about a mile away. Going on 215 adds about 4-5 miles to your trip and about $10-15 away from your gambling money. Yeah this place sucks! There are going to be people sitting on the floor (maybe because they drank too much somewhere in vegas). There weren't even enough spaces for people to sit! Either way. I have to come back to this airport cause it's the only way I know to get there without having to drive my car 9hours from the Bay Area. Yuck. I hate how I have to start and end my Las Vegas vacations in this fashion.
3	June 26th 2011This year I've been in and out of this airport. so I  figure it's time to drop a review on Yelp.  So why is it that every time I have to go through security check, I get called to the side and receive a "random" check.  The last 5 out of 6 times, I've been randomly chosen to get an extra extensive security check.  Who said the odds suck in Vegas?  I guess dreadlocks increase your odds, haha.Pros:  This place is pretty easy to navigate.  Did I mention I hate the LAX airport?  Super fast check in.  I've never had a problem  Lots of places to eat at while waiting for your flight  Free Wi-Fi that actually works.  Yes !!  Cons:  Seriously, security checkpoint is a joke.  The lines are insane !!  I'm not a fan of riding the monorail.  It's always crowded and stuffy.  Okay there are lots of places to eat, but way overpriced.  It's expected.Verdict:  Well you don't have much choice now do you?  It's the only airport we've got unless you have your own private plane.  McCarran isn't bad at all though, especially previously having to deal with Ontario and LAX in California.  I don't mind it.  Why 3 stars?  Because of that random security check that I seem to always be a victim of.  They are so profiling!  Dreads and a bag full of camera equipment equals extra time needed. Tips:  Make sure to keep those liquids in a separate container  Keep the laptops in an easy access area.. you need to pull it out!  If possible, travel without a belt and flip flops instead of shoes.  Oh yeah, take off your hat too.  They like to look under there.  Arrive 2 hours early.  You'll need it in Vegas especially on weekends.   Long Term parking is expensive.  So get dropped off if you can.
4	LOVE!, the wall of plugs!!! I came about 2 hours before my flight and they have a great amount of plugs!!! That's what all airports need a charge up wall. It's useful and beneficial! We all need that power up before entering the plane. Their shops are pretty decent too. The fast and got to get it now and leave kinda gifts =) Eatery's are also great!!! And for those who haven't had enough.. there are plenty of slots to play while you wait. VIVA LAS VEGAS!!!!! WoOOoo!!
3	I think this airport is only annoying if you have a layover and you have to hear the slots incessantly in the background.  Slots are meant to be heard with alcohol, pretty girls nearby, and the ability to leave at anytime.  All three are scarce at McCarran.
3	More fun to arrive at than depart from - a metaphor for Vegas. Baggage claim is festive and the cab situation is good. But, it's dingy and in need of a major reno job.Note: the BK super value meal was $12 for the tendercrisp sandwich. Whoa.
1	bad.  Disrespectful TSA.They yell and boss around and degrade consumer.I saw a beautiful girl, so nicely dressed going through the  inspection line - by the time she got to the scanner she nearly completly undressed - belt off, shoes off, accesories off, hair down.  I gotta say she was hot, she knew how to dress.  TSA took her down to a polyester shift - reduced her.At our turn, the english-as-second language TSA agent asked my 10 year old his name (to see if it matched his ticket).  We call him by a nickname at home so he paused for a moment to think what name would be on his ticket; afterall I made his reservation - not him.  Asshole TSA said, "you have to think about your name?!!?"  OK, dude, we can't understand your accent quite that well and he is ONLY ten!Then my turn.  He asked to see my ID which has ALL of my names (I have many: single, married, nickname and initials)  He had an asshole comment about my names too.  EFF you.TSA yelled us "go here", "go there!".  Whatever.  We cooperate, but really there is no need to degrade us in the process.  TSA at Las Vegas is really bad.  Those jobs should be open to competition, not awarded to people who think they can treat paying airline customers as a nuisance.
3	I love this airport... whether your arriving or departing, you move quickly.  I love how well organized parking and taxi/shuttle service is.... the taxi lines move quick.  Tons of shops, food, and slots to pass the time. Free wi-fi is a PLUS!
2	Meh. Its confusing to try and find where to be picked up by a private party, I felt like I walked 4 miles to get from y gate to the parking garage despite the ease of the moving walkways. I rather fly into Vegas than drive from my home in SoCal, but I wish the Airport was a little more user-friendly.
4	read the signs people!!!  you can't get any more clearer on rental car service, where to catch a taxi, what your terminal is, how to get there via transporter, and which gate to wait at.once you're there, sit down and relax with the slots!  or eat some garbage food at the food courts.  i fly Allegiant Air so it's easy peasy without the baggage nonsense.
1	What is good about purchasing a package deal through Vacations Hawaii is that it includes round trip transportation between the airport and your downtown hotel. I have been through this airport quite a few times now and with the help of an awesome VH escort, I have yet to get lost in the airport because of that. I must say there was a time I stayed on the strip and the taxi line around midnight was more than an hours wait! Yuck!This last experience coming back home left a bad taste in my mouth. I dread going through TSA checkpoints so I always try to prepare myself and belongings to make sure the process is as smooth as possible. I empty my pockets, have my liquids in a quart size ziploc, do not wear jewelry to the airport and have it in my purse, I wear sandals/slippers that can be easily removed, etc. Simple right? Well not everyone are as prepared and gets reprimanded by TSA. This time for me was sort of like that, except I was in the right.Ever since I got my Fujifilm instax camera (which is like a modern version of the Polaroid), I have been extra careful with the film and always make sure I have a TSA officer inspect it rather than run it through the x-ray machine so that it does not get damaged. I took my camera and extra pack of film out and handed it over while I politely asked to have it inspected.  The officer tells me that I can run it through and it won't damage. Nuh-uhh, stop right there Mr. Officer! Don't even tell me that after I looked up the guidelines on the TSA website, PLUS have the TSA app on my iPhone that you will deny having my film inspected!The TSA website states, "You should remove all film from your checked baggage and place it in your carry-on baggage.  The X-ray machine that screens your carry-on baggage at the passenger security checkpoint will not affect undeveloped film under ASA/ISO 800."   Well guess what buddy, my film is 800ISO. I continue to say it is 800ISO and he tells me that it has to be at least a 1000ISO to be inspected. At this point, I'm thinking in my head "Brah, don't even let the Waipahu in me come out!" I don't spend all that money on film to have it ruined because some TSA officer did not want to have my film hand inspected. Then he looks at the box of fim and asks where does it say 800? After searching through all the Japanese writing, I finally find the 800 and he has it inspected by another officer. Does this guy know that my Hello Kitty film cost at least $1 each? I told him I have always asked to have my film and camera inspected and never had a problem. This fool should not have gotten certified to become a TSA officer if he does not even know the rules himself. After I finally got him to have someone hand inspect my film, I realized that all of them are rude. This other TSA officer comes out of nowhere and starts yelling, "You gotta move! You gotta move!" Jeez, why don't you get more people working at the checkpoint so people won't go in restricted areas when the conveyor belt gets backed up!After passing the dreadful checkpoint, I wanted to kill time by walking around to the stores and look for some souvenirs. There was limited selection; a few keychains, shot glasses, etc. but they were overpriced and not all that nice. There were a few food choices as well: Pizza Hut, Burger King, and a few bars. Not as abundant as what I am used to. I have experienced better, wayyy better.
4	Here's a tip: If you want some extra cash before you leave the airport, make sure you head to the Wheel of Fortune quarter machines in the Delta wing. I put in $1 and won $50 on my first try! On a different machine in the same section, I put in $2 and won $7. Of course, you have to see the casino attendant to turn your ticket into cold hard cash. But it was the highest I won of anything during this trip to Vegas.Looks like I'll be spinning the slots before I head to the city next time. Lol. On a side note, I was in the Delta departure gate, and no sign of any Mexican food anywhere, so I had to settle on Ruby's Diner (bleh). Also, there is a manicure place, if you want to kill time and have a long wait before your flight.
5	I've always had a positive experience at LAS. Organized, efficient, friendly TSA staff... lines move fairly quickly.
4	slot machines while you wait AND free wifi. HelloooOO! genius.
4	-This is one of the most fun airports that I have been to.-Love the fact that they have slot machines right there after you go through security check-in.  If you plane is not ready to go, have some fun, playing the One arm bandit, one last time!!!!!!!-I came here once so drunk from Fat Tuesday drink, I forgot what I was playing. I was actually winning alot of money, thought I was playing penny slots but was playing 25 Cent machines, but it took me about 15 mins to realize this.  I put back alot of that money. I was wrecked and on the phone so didn't notice. I initial must have won over 200 bucks, then finally cashed out at 80 once I realize I was not on the penny machines.  Started that game with only a ten dollar bill.-I like seeing the constant buzz of this place. When you first arrive you see alot and I mean alot of people waiting to get on that plane back to their home destination. Of course alot of them looking sad.-Always some celebrity watching: I have seen a few UFC fighters here, Jerry Lewis ( yeah he is still alive and still around), Gary Payton (retired bball player) and some other actors I can't think of right now.-Loved the initial landing in Vegas, because you get to see all those giant buildings. The most recent time, I was coming in on Air Canada from Toronto, their terminal is actually nice too.
4	Of course I am a fan of MIA! Missing in action is what happens every time I check into McCarren International Airport. I am about to embark on a new journey!Since we live in Vegas, this is the airport we use to travel everywhere we go. It is always busseling with people and slot machines and the sound of big advertisements all over the place for every show under the sun. Also, after you spent your coffee money on the slot machines you can sit back and enjoy free wifi while you wait for your plane. Its perfect for writing your Yelp reviews!!!We usually have pretty decent wait times in security but nothing crazy. Overall a good place to start all new adventures at.
3	I've been to a lot of airports.  McCarran is not one of my favorites.  It has a few good items:  1)  you can play slots in the airport - great when you have a layover, but maybe not so great if you've just lost all your money in Vegas and 2) you can buy alcohol from stands and drink anywhere in the airport - once again great for layovers, maybe not so great aver a Vegas vacation.Now my issues.  The tram is ok in the one terminal, but to get to the other gates it's a bit of a hike.  We were there from about 4-8 pm on a weekday and some of the places in the airport were closed (including the Chili's for dinner).  Their food options are somewhat lacking and there is definitely the hang-over vibe going on.  The landing is pretty cool if you're on the right side of the plane since you get to see the Strip and you have a few peek-a-boo view from inside the terminals.  It's been a while since I've been through security here, so I can't comment on that, but overall it's an ok airport.
1	Worst airport I have ever been to! Gambling is illegal in Hawaii, haven't you heard that Las Vegas is our 9th island?  I love traveling internationally but my husband definitely likes to gamble, so we have no choice but to come into contact with the people here.TSA's are the worst.  Yelling at foreigners who don't speak English, very unfriendly, no customer service, they all have an attitude that says "I'm better than you" and I say "who's paying your wages?" Skycaps - 2 thumbs down. We've only came across one out of all the times we have been there who made us extremely happy but it was a couple of years back.  I like to shop but don't like rolling around the extremely heavy suitcases because of that.  Now there are those that just stand around, talk story and enjoy getting paid low wages because their personalities are not wonderful enough to tip.  In December we had a ton of luggage because we went skiing and bought our own stuff, we hired a skycap to take care of it and to get our boarding passes for us. When asked how we wanted to pay for our luggage we told him credit card...the response we got "it's easier for me if you pay cash so I don't have to go all the way over there.." yeah buddy you need the exercise, it was only literally 20 feet away and he ended up going there anyway. Airline agents located at the airport SUCK.If you haven't traveled outside of the United States you seriously need to. We went to Japan a couple of months ago and they are ALL about customer service. If you think Hawaii is full of friendly people, Japan makes us look like the workers at LAS.Hmm, no that would be lying, we could never be that ignorant.
4	I found this to be a nice, well planned airport. Security can cause a bottle neck so show up 2-3 hours before you are slated to take off. They have nice shops, a nice selection of food and it is a fairly new and up to date airport. It offers a great view of the mountains too.
3	I've been to both Terminals in one day, and it's a nightmare sometimes.Terminal 1: For all domestic flights. Parking:Covered parking is nice in the parking garage.. but they removed the coin-meter parking, & I MISS IT!!Well, at least we can pay with card now.Cleanliness:It's clean, sometimes. Not spotless, but hey, it's airport.Service(s):The information desk employees are friendly, and atleast they know what they're doing.The signs for departure/arrival are pretty easy to read on nice LCD screens.I wish there signs for where which escalator flights would be coming down from instead of asking attendants on the floor. If you can avoid it, don't schedule flights arrival/departure on Fridays & Weekends. The airport is packed.Terminal 2: International flights & Hawaii.The signs for Terminal 2 are easy to miss. I hope they can make it easier to access and find. Maybe even just a big TERMINAL 2 sign.Parking:No covered parking here, but the parking rates are the same as Terminal 1.Cleanliness:It's a mess in there. It looks dirty, and it feels dirty. If you have to stay long for any reason, remember to carry antibacterial.Service(s):There are only 4 carousels for luggage. This isn't bad in my opinion. It makes it easier to find your stuff if anything.Keep an eye on your belongings, it feels pretty "ghetto" in Terminal 2.
5	One of the nicest airports I pass thru..Trams to and from the terminals are always clean and run fairly quickly, the people at the airport are nice and friendly..Luggage is easy to get and a very convenient pick up area for taxis or if someone is picking you up..
4	What's not to love about the airport that brings you to Vegas baby! Since this is now my home airport, I'm starting to get very used to where everything is. Long term parking is very easy (right next to the terminals) and isn't that expensive ($14 for covered parking that is less than 5 minutes to the terminal). Depending on which airline you fly, you may have to take the tram to the D terminal (United gates). Since it is Vegas, there are slot machines everywhere if you care to gamble to pass the time waiting for your flight. There is a decent selection of food options but like any airport, could be better. I do wish that they had more efficient TSA and security, especially for those of us that travel frequently. Not all of the security  lines have the high tech mobile phone boarding pass scanners. The one thing I would suggest is to find the line where you don't need to go through the full body scanner.
4	I've come many a time to this airport for my Vegas trips. You know you're in Las Vegas when you step off the plane and hear the slot machines dinging! McCarran International is pretty easy to navigate, go through security, and on to your gate for your flight. I also like how there is free WiFi to use while you're waiting for your flight. SO, whether you're arriving or departing, you can eat, shop, and even do some gambling before you take off into the sky!
4	Love the FREE wireless.  Don't mind sitting and waiting and surfing.
2	I like the free WiFi and easy security lines, but otherwise this airport is completely unremarkable. It's Vegas, right, so the airport is basically a means to an end. Blah food options and low-end airport amenities make McCarran a bore.
1	Worst airport I've ever been to. It's old. There's no signage. You have to walk 15 minutes off a highway with no direction to get to Terminal 2.This airport is a dump.
4	Love this place!
4	I've been to a lot of airports and this is one of the least frustrating of the lot. The security checkpoint lines haven't been too bad. The most was perhaps 30 minutes to get through during a busy week for Vegas. Normally in 30 minutes I can get through the checks, grab a tea, a seat by my gate, my headphones on, and book opened. Staff is fairly nice. I've chatted with a few people as they're checking my bags or person. Some airports I feel they are tired&annoyed and would really like to share their displeasure with you. The shops are run of the mill catering to tourist souvenirs types, but it's a good way to pass the time by browsing them. I'm not really a person that eats at the airport so I don't have much of a comment in way of taste or variety. I used to be a fan of the metered parking and it was a major plus for short term pickup and dropoffs. They done away with it recently in favor of a ticketing system which starts at $2 for 2 hours. Boo. We've never needed even a hour worth of quarters. On the plus- free wi-fi and plug in stations. Can't really complain that this is my home airport.
3	As far as airports go, I tend to compare everything to O'hare and Midway. Anything smaller and easier to navigate than O'hare is a plus. Anything about the size of Midway with a decent distance to main attractions is a plus. I have been to this airport several times now. It's not that big and it is about a $20 cab ride depending on where on the strip you're coming from. I have done the shuttle, been picked up at arrivals, and taken a cab. The shuttle sucks. It can take an hour to get where you are going depending on how many other hotels it stops at. Cab and pick up/drop off are easy to navigate. Also, I agree the tram is a bit of a pain, but compared to O'Hare, it's a breeze, so I'll let it go. Now the food options are terrible. Note to self - eat elsewhere before take-off. Had to settle for a Burger King sandwich (no shock it's seriously overpriced). Boo to that. There are slots in the airport, which is funny and dangerous. If you happen to arrive a bit drunk and are making an attempt to stay awake long enough to get on your plane, they are tempting. I turned to writing this review to keep me awake. I wonder how many spell check problems there will be. Overall it is okay. I have never had lost luggage or major flight delays. The security folks are way nicer then in Chicago. It could use several more places to charge electronics, newer seats and a bit of shade on the windows. Okay, I saved this review as a draft and am posting it now that I am sober and have had a chance to review it and make sure I didn't type anything I shouldn't have. Damn you Vegas and your awesomeness.
3	This airport is either a hit or miss depending on how you look at it...Pros:- you can play slot machines while waiting for your flight (i actually won $130 one time playing 0.25 cents slots while waiting for my delayed out of Vegas)- a moderate amount of eye candy (girls still in clubbing attire waiting for their flight)- abundant amounts of alcohol can be found and bought at ease- quick checkpointsCons:- some parts of the airport are OLD- only a few signs telling you where to go...you could be walking down a corridor and not know whether you're in terminal B or teminal C- the taxi line is ridiculously longAll in all, not a bad airport. Did I mention you can play slots while waiting for your flight?
4	How can you not love an airport that has slot machines?!Walking off the plane into the concourse is when the exact moment of excitement of arriving in Vegas hits. There's nothing like it.This airport is easy to get in and out of, with very few weather delays, so that's an additional plus.I hope to see you soon!
4	Well, it's an airport. It has slot machines for the people that want to start their losing streak early or spend their last dollar. A small smoking section (with slot machines) for all the smokers. Gates and baggage claim are fairly simple and easy to find. The cab line goes pretty fast if there's a line. It's an airport...
3	This is not a bad little airport. Checking in can be a hassle, but that may depend on your carrier. After checking in I had to take a tram to my gate, which isn't bad as they keep them running at about 5-10 minute intervals. The security check in lines are about normal for an airport this size. The time I went through they kept running out of tubs to put your belongings into for the scanners. That made everything slow down even more. They did have personnel standing there directing people where to go for the fastest way through the security lines. Once in the terminal there are slot machines, I'm not much of a gambler, but if that's your thing have fun with it. When arriving at this airport again, depending on your gate, you have to take a tram to the baggage claim. It's an open and easy to understand area. The time I was there everything went smoothly.
2	Inefficient gateways. Need to shuttle everywhere. Slow security checkpoint lines.
3	The best thing about the Vegas airport is its location. So close to the strip.Other than that, not much to like. They have slots if you are into that. The carpets are old and the airport in general has a musky smell, maybe from the days where smoking was allowed.
5	love it cuz it means im at my home away from home VEGAS
3	I like this airport as it is simple- normally that is!!! My shuttle dropped me at the wrong terminal and i had to ask 3 different staff members to get to my destination.After this a member of staff after getting through security was rude to me for now reason!!!! A joke!
3	I've been in several airports around the world and as far as airports go, McCarran is fine.I've been here a few times now and I still smirk when I see the slot machines and the old ladies playing them... we're in an airport, calm your fiending ways, woman!McCarran usually includes a bit of walking, especially if you're changing planes.It's not very busy, but during times Las Vegas would be busy, bet your butt that McCarran is busy too.Related to this is my review of the Subway that's in McCarran - it's horrible!
4	This isn't a fancy airport, but it serves it's purpose well. The security lines are some of the most efficient ones I've stood in. That automatically brings them to three stars. The free wi-fi gets them the fourth.
2	Its an airport so there isnt much difference from one to another but I am writing one short little two star review cause this airport does not post which airlines are at which terminals. So if you dont check ahead of time (which I never remember to do) you just end up riding around looking for your airline terminal. Thats LAME!
3	I always like arriving at @LASairport McCarran International Airport because it is always such a site to see. They have all the shops and restaurants, all the slot machines making sounds and all the posters of the latest shows. I even like the weird looking giant lizard stone decorations that you pass by before getting into the tram. One of my other favorite things about this airport is that they have charging stations - benches were you can sit and charge your phone/laptop and other technology device. Aside from this they have outlets at every column in the seating area. Lastly, I love how clean this airport is. With the millions and millions of folks who go in and out of Vegas. It is simply amazing how well maintained this airport is
4	This is one of my favorite airports for a number of reasons, ranging to the fact that the staff is pretty friendly to the number of options most terminals have as far as shops are concerned. It does a really high volume, but the lines move pretty smoothly as long as travelers are on top of what they are supposed to do.
5	TSA is very abusive here.   Saw a man arrested last night, had a taser pointed at his neck.   No one waiting for the plane saw what provoked it.   Passengers at my gate watched in horror.   He was handcuffed and arrested in front of his entire family and little girl.When the chief security officer finally arrived, he verbally abused the man and yelled at him.   Really upset me to have to witness that with all the other passengers.I have never been in an aiport that didn't have tv monitors, or weather radar maps, or clear signage.    Hard to tell from outside which terminal you are in.   Lots of us had Red Eye flights after midnight.   We arrived just in time to see most of the shops and restaurants closing.   I settled for a $16 hot dog combo.    Old airport dreadfully in need of updating.   Compared to the glitz of the strip, this airport is very depressing.
4	i love vegas!
3	This place is not bad. They are constantly doing construction and remodeling which is inconvenient. There are not a lot of restaurants, but who wants to eat at the airport any way. They do have long lines if you are coming or leaving any time there is a large convention. I think their largest conventions are in the beginning of Jan. I believe it's during the first week or so where they get more than 100,000 people in town. There are slot machines so that is fun for me. The place is huge so it will be a walk no matter where you are going. Also parking is ridiculously expensive.
2	You would think that the major casino corporations would have poured some money into this place to make it not a shit hole.They have a Nascar themed bar that is a special slice of hell.
3	its a basic airport - funny though, you'd think Vegas would have something spectacular
5	Something about this airport always makes me happy..... OH YEAH, IT'S BECAUSE IT'S IN VEGAS. I always get off the plane smiling and sometimes already intoxicated. And I leave sad, but still intoxicated. I love McCarran Airport.
3	It's positives: Free WI-FI, a real bonus; fairly large bathrooms and a "choice" in dining. You can gamble in the terminal. They move LONG LINES of people through their check in and security lines really quickly, a huge plus. Las Vegas isn't Sleepy Hollow; you have to process large amounts of people relatively fast.Negatives? If you can't smoke in the terminal, it sure smells like you can. The "choice" in dining is pretty standard stuff. It's carpeted which means you can't roll your bag easily.  If you have to take the tram, join the rest of the club who can't understand the signage. It was almost comforting, noting how confused people were in trying to figure out where the tram was going.
1	Be aware, BE VERY AWARE! ?f you're departing from any terminal after 11pm local, you will have access to ZERO food or drink, other than a water fountain. Be prepared, you have been warned!
4	They have a Coffee Bean the second you leave the Southwest Terminal. 'Nuff said.Anyhow, for being a super big airport (Not as big as Friscos, of course) they are very organized. I'm proned to getting lost (I got lost on Tom Sawyer Island at Disneyland when I was a kid. Traumatized.) but I never seemed to lose my way here. Clearly labeled carousels and exits. And they have slot machines to play with while you wait for your flight.
3	An okay airport.  Nothing really special here.  Getting through security didn't take too long and traveling through here was a stress-less occasion.  One thing to mention is the slot machines near the gates.  If you're feeling lucky you can get a couple of spins in before you leave so that's nice if you're the type to play slots.Props for having free Wi-Fi.  It was nice to have while I was waiting for my delayed flight.
3	MEH! It gets you to places..NOT as good as SFO or other major airports..WIFI SUCKS!Not enough power outlets to charge my phoneLooks old and outdated...But it does it job.I advise you to take the shuttle from the gates to the baggage...it was a good walk..but if you pack light and you don't want to wait...a good walk is nice after a flight.The line for the taxi was really fast and efficient.NOT BAD BUT NOT GREAT! GET BETTER WIFI!!!!
4	Decent airport. Thought this was Vegas though where everything stays open all the time. Traveled through here many times. I've found that if you fly into or out of here later in the evening, most of the restaurants close pretty early... like around 8pm. How come their employees are allowed to go home?! What's that about?! ok, ok. So that's my one qualm.What's not to love about encountering the sound of slot machines the moment you step off the plane? Vegas, baby!
1	The food is too freaking expensive! Geez! Pack a lunch or a bunch of Clif Bars. $2.85 for a stupid bottle of water! Yeah, I get that is a desert and all that, but give me a break!
3	Well, this airport sure isn't boring if you're early and waiting for your flight. You can slowly play some penny slots and watch people. Don't go too fast on those buttons, though. You can lose your money pretty quickly. It's a bit strange because you do get the Las Vegas newbies or kiddos who will watch you play from a distance as they've just gotten off of the plane. I played about two or three dollars in slots, ate a piece of Sbarro pizza at about 10am and looked out the window. While the airport is severely outdated compared to my town's airport, McCarran has the beautiful view out the window, and I usually stare out the window until I have to get on the plane, then  I'll usually resume my  staring trance, wishing I could stay in the desert mountains forever. So... McCarran has that for it, naturally.So, really, all it needs is windows.   Jump back about 11 or 12 days.As soon as I got of my arriving plane, I saw a woman picking her husband's nose. That was pleasant. Actually, I think she was popping a pimple on it. It seemed to take forever to get to teh baggage claim area, but that might have been because my shoulder bag was SO heavy. There were a couple of those moving walkways, though, so that made it a bit easier/quicker. The baggage claim area was filled with lights and posters and looked about the same as it did 20 years ago, if I remember correctly. We went outside to catch a shuttle and had to stand in the exhaust of all the incoming and outgoing taxis and shuttles that didn't happen to be going to the same place we were. That wasn't so pleasant.  I've been in much worse airports. The best thing that this airport has going for it is the beautiful scenery and nice, big windows that allow you to see this beautiful part of the country while you wait for your plane.
3	Arriving in the airport:  not a horrible walk/tram ride to the car rental bus, with enough signage to keep on track.Waiting in the airport to leave, I had more time to look around.  Decent amount of food choices.  Meh shops.  Slot machines to keep you occupied, although I found people watching more fun.Interesting that they'd have red eye flights (mine was to Tampa via Atlanta) but food places and shops would be closed.  This is one airport where I bet you'd make some $$ after 8pm.  Just saying.
5	Celebs galore.  I've flown in a few times thanks to the Hotels and Casinos...  It was fun being able to rub elbows with Joey Fatone and others while waiting for my limo.  Where else can you find slots at an airport.  You get in and get out in a flash.  The gateway to nonstop action!!!
3	Of course since you're in Las Vegas, there's gambling. Yes, even at the airport.The selection of stores and restaurants are about typical, and I've never seen a trainwreck of chaos at this airport; it's usually run pretty smoothly.The main downside is that there are multiple, confusing security lines for various gates. Some concourses even have first class and regular security lines at different locations, with poor signage telling you where to go.
5	This is by far my favorite airport...not simply because it's the gateway to Sin City, but it is by far the most efficient. The trains that move passengers from one terminal to the other, the layout of entrances and exits, the baggage carousels...everything about this airport screams efficiency. After all,the more time you waste at the airport, the less time you have to lose money at the casinos!!!Of course, you can always pony up to a slot machine while you are waiting for your bags!
4	Oh Las Vegas. Why is it called McCarran International Airport? This is one of my favorite airports, just because it has that vibe of Sin City all over it.  There are plenty of billboards for the casinos and plenty of slot machines even in the baggage claim to take your money even before you leave the airport terminal! It's probably the only airport I have been in that has casinos in the airport. There are multiple levels to this airport, so it's not just a 2 floors, but up to 4 levels, if I am not mistaken. Considering how much people spend in Las Vegas, I am surprised that the City of Las Vegas does not upgrade the airport infrastructure to meet today's demand for the every day tourist.The only thing about this airport was the crazy TSA security lines. There are plenty of people getting out of LAS at any given time. Waiting for a taxi wasn't bad, but there can be congestion when you arrive at peak times. Taxi fare isn't too bad, ranging up to $30 for anywhere along the Strip. Over the years, I have flown into LAS because of the lure of Sin City. Lately, it was due to the lure of the marathon. Yep, the marathon. I was here to run the ET Midnight Marathon in Rachael, NV. Never mind about the glitz and glamour of the Strip, when a marathon is ready to be conquered. Had a fun time and wished I can come back. But for now, it was a fun weekend affair.There is free wifi and the food options were plentyful. I'm glad that there was a Starbucks in the terminal I was in, or else I would just freak out. The airport bathrooms was as clean as they come, so that wasn't bad. I basically people watched while waiting for my flight back home. I did see this elderly lady scream, since she won a small fortune at one of the slot machines nearby. Thought that was pretty cool. Too bad it wasn't me though. The waiting areas were small and somewhat a bit cramped. The chairs itself at some gates were small, especially when it was next to a table with an outlet nearby. Viva Las Vegas, indeed.C+
3	Love that they have slot machines in there. I've never eaten there, but sure the food is overpriced.....it's Vegas and it's airport food.We wanted to cab it to the hotel and that line for the taxis was INSANE. We saw like 5 rows of lines that stretched to the end of the airport, but we didn't know we had to go around the hotel and walk like 3 more lines. It took us about 20-30 minutes to finally get a cab. So, be prepared!Celebrity sightings so far - Penn and Teller and Flavor Flav....yeah boyyy!
2	This place reminds me of Fear and Loathing...
3	I've been through this airport tons of times and the only good thing about it are the slot machines!! it's a little run down, but I'm used to that...hello? HNL anybody?!TSA are OK here, I never had a problem with them...
3	This airport has two really, really different sides...part of it is nice, new, airy, clean. The other part, however, it run down, dark, dirty and depressing. It's kinda like Vegas itself. It's also kinda like the people who live in Vegas itself :) Generally, it's an easy airport to get in and out of. Cabs and limos about, but a lot of them are sketchy and there to prey on unsuspecting tourists. Research your transportation options ahead of time, on Yelp or elsewhere, to make sure you don't get screwed. I have never rented a car here (I tend to not be in the condition to drive when in Vegas), so I cannot comment on the setup. Food options are generally pretty decent, with the price you would expect at the airport. Check-in can be surprisingly fast considering how many flights there are here. TSA can be a bottleneck but isn't terrible, and the staff are not overly rude. Slot machines abound, but I hate slots (and rarely gamble as is), so I cannot comment about their odds...my guess is even worse than normal slots (if that's possible).This place is fine, even in a city where it doesn't have to be. I mean, admit it, even if the airport were a cardboard box where you were physically and mentally abused upon entering and exiting, you'd still come to Vegas. Admit it!
3	Not the best airport I have been to but at least you can play slots while you are waiting on your flight. I normally do not win anything while here but did happen to win $160 bucks about a few years ago on the 5 cent slots. So anything can happen!!There is a nice selection of  food and coffee here. Never had a problem with baggage or getting a taxi to and from this airport.
3	Not a big fan of this airport. I do like the slot machines to kill time and lose more money!! Not sure which terminal, but its a long way from the main area! Need to take a tram there? But other than that, it's OK.
5	Love this airport for ONE REASON!!!  FREE WI-FI!!!  You don't have to subscribe to anything like San Fran does...  Easy to get around to boot, although I'm only talking about the D-Gates, cuz that's the one that gets me in to Vegas and gets me home...  plus if you still got the gambling bug left in you, there's still some slots to try your luck on...  They say, sometimes you actually win on those...  You Never Know...
4	Slot machines in an airport is a great idea.  And, FREE WiFi.  That was the most important to me, as my flight was delayed & I had work to get done.  It was clean, but I feel like it needs to be updated.  NOTE: If you do not like the full body scanner, do it anyway.  I asked to go through the regular one and that earned me a patdown by a rude female TSA agent. Pardon me for making you actually work.
4	For being an international airport, McCarran is virtually hassle free, which is great for locals (that's me!).  The location is wonderful - very easy to reach from most parts of Vegas and Henderson.  I don't miss driving an hour-plus each way to travel anywhere like I did in Colorado.Parking is usually pretty cake.  Security is typically a breeze.  I have only been delayed on a flight once - which is pretty good considering the amount of traffic going in and out of that place.Careful when you're getting on/off the tram to the C Gates...I broke my toe when my flip flop got caught on the edge!  Big tree fall hard...
5	Not much to say about this airport. I've never lost a bag, so that's good. The terminals and baggage claim are easy to find. The security is fine, never had any attitude or issues
3	You'd think Vegas would have a rockin airport, but this one is actually kind of shabby as airports go. But the option to 'buy' yourself a seat at a slot machine while you wait for a flight is unmatched.
3	I don't like this airport. Straight up. I mean the only thing I DO like about it is that "you're in Vegas!" or "ok, it's been a blast, time to go home" other then that, nothing special about this airport. I don't like taking trams or to get within the same airport and McCarran has it. I come here from southern California and when I land, I usually want to get the heck out of here! Part of it is because I don't like the airport, and the other part is I wanna get on the strip... it's 50/50.A big plus for this airport is FREE WI-FI! It was a 2 star, but I'm a sucker for free wi-fi, I think it helps in so many ways and cuts your wait time down significantly (if you're bored of course)
4	i love vegas, i know my way around this airport. not too bad. getting a taxi goes quick even though you see the line and it's super long, but it's not that bad. they have pretty good food/restaurants.
3	Its an airport, there's nothing THAT special about it.. oh except the slot machines! Just in case you didn't lose enough money on the strip, you have one last chance to offload all your hard earned cash!
3	I've been through this airport something like 17 times according to my Foursquare check in's. It's actually a pretty good airport once you get used to the quirks. Quirks: C and D gates are at a remote terminal. If you're going to make your flight, arrive a little bit early so you can clear security and hop on the tram.If you fly American Airlines, which attach to the D gates, this means baggage claim is 1.5 - 2 miles from where you land. Therefore....don't check bags if you can help it. Takes a while.Bonuses:Free wifi. A little slow but it's free.Crowd handling - Obviously this place gets slammed every weekend. So they're capable of handling a bunch of people.The ability to gamble while you wait. I made $300 doing this recently.Downsides:A lack of healthy food options....it can be done, it's just not easy for you.You NEED to pay attention to what day of the week it is. Otherwise you'll get stuck in a long line of hungover tourists leaving and miss your flight. Priority Access helps but does not completely remove this problem.
4	Terrible place to have a delayed flight.I mean it's a terrible place to have a delayed flight for people who like to gamble.But I managed to win $75 dollars before we boarded our hour long delayed flight back to SF. Holla! Other than that, I could've sworn I've written a review already, but it might've just been for the TSA. They had to molest my carry on back to SFO because the x-ray technician saw some suspicious gel-like substance. Turned out it was my deodorant. Surprised I use deodorant? Don't be, it was just in there for looks.The security guy or whoever was kind of peeved because I guess the x-ray tech kept on stopping everyone with deodorant or something. I'd be pissed too.Also this is a fun airport because more than likely you'll end up seeing the people you flew to Vegas with back on the plane you're flying home on and you get to see how toe up (from the flo up) they look.
3	Its an airport what can you write about? Its usually Terminal 2 for us because we fly Hawaiian Airlines. They added a self check-in but I still use the counter. Nice friendly people. Security lines go pretty fast. Bathrooms are alway clean. Could use a little more variety when it comes to the eating places available sorry but Burger King and Pizza Hut dont cut it. Always enjoy the slot machines! One last chance to hit it big! Haha, right!
2	Slot machines in the waiting areas...need I say more.  I was waiting at the airport for a few friends to arrive and could not find a bathroom that easily, an outlet to charge my phone, or a place to get away from posters displaying the shows on the strip.  I know its Vegas, but can't I wait to get out of the airport before the insanity begins?
3	I always fly in on SWA from LA or Burbank.  I'm bummed that they redesigned the C terminal.  The walk to the tram is pretty far now.  That's a bitch if you're partially handicapped.  Other than that, where else can you waste several hundred dollars on video poker and slot machines while waiting for your flight.  LOL
3	Never been to Terminal 1 since Hawaiian flies out of Terminal 2, but I've come to know Terminal 2 like the back of my hand. Love that there is a Burger King and Pizza Hut to grab something to eat while waiting to board. Can't say that you can never win at the slot machines in the airport since our friend won $300 off the poker machines. The TSA agents at the security check in are rude but the Hawaiian Airlines people are great!
2	Prince to pauper and pauper to prince. That is the way you can describe any Las Vegas arrival or departure at the McCarran International Airport. Considering how much money flows through Las Vegas you'd think that they'd spend a little coin on making this place a little nicer but I guess it's all gone into the slot machines like everything else in town. Maybe keeping it ugly is part of their plan so that you leave a little happier?Ugh that stripper stole all my money. What? She was a he? Great. I'm so happy I'm leaving this ugly airport.Ugh what was I thinking when I married that girl last night? What? She was a he? I'm so happy I'm leaving this ugly airport.Ugh I'm so hung over, I can't wait to sleep on the plane and go home to Hawaii. I'm totally getting an annulment from my she-man wife. I'm so happy I'm leaving this ugly airport.Yup...totally left ugly on purpose!Yelp 365 Challenge: #31/365 (The Ugh!)
5	this is a very fast, affordable airport.  it has a lot of connections.  those things alone make it a good airport in my book.  it's convenient to the strip and downtown.  it's easy to navigate and clean.  the giant horny toad sculpture is so much fun to take a picture with.
3	Another trip to Vegas, another trip to McCarran.  I don't hate it, but its never going to be one of my favorite airports.  I just don't understand why they don't open their security check points till almost 5am?!?  Every trip out here, I get to the security area too damn early and then have to wait outside.  At least there's good food and slot machines once I get inside.
3	Try the pretzel dogs. They are good.
1	It's an airport, they all suck....  That is all.
2	You would think for being in Vegas that this airport would be as the same as the strip.Has horrible areas to eat at while waiting for your flight and please, please turn on some air freaking humid...
4	This airport has some of the friendliest TSA agents i've ever seen. The airport itself is fairly well laid out and easy to navigate. I can't imagine that the slots are on the loose side but I usually make a few bucks on the video blackjack machines before I board the plane to go home.
2	Ok why does the gate have to be like a million miles away?  I swear that tram ride gets longer every time I go.  When you get there, it seems ok.  I guess the anticipating of getting to the strip has you distracted from the fact that it is a long way to get out of the airport.On the way home, everything is miserable.  The long walk to security.  The horrible long lines, even when I flash my badge to go through the express lane.  The ride on the tram seems like you gone a mile to get to this 3-story escalator.  When you get to the top you are greeted by restaurants that makes your hangover worse from all the greasy smell in the air.  The only good experience I had was getting bored from a delayed flight and slipping a $5 bill into the slot machine and winning $87.00, 10-minutes later.
3	Gazillions of tourists coming and going all year round... Anybody complaining should realize how much business this airport gets from mildly retarded, inebriated tourists and then ask themselves if they're doing a good job. I fly in and out of here every week and I think they do a pretty good job considering the short bus tourists and bonehead TSA agents.The food options aren't the best and the prices are ridiculous! Subway is a prime example in the neighborhood of $12 for a 6" sub. Subway can go eff themselves for that price!
4	The airport is located very close to the strip and seems to have straight forward directions with the signs. We picked up a friend here and it was pretty easy being that it is a small airport. Maybe flying to Vegas can be the next upgrade than making the 4-5 hour drive :)
4	I'm rating the porter service on this review. We got to Terminal 2 and was greeted by a porter. Nice and friendly, took our bags led us inside. Told us to find a seat and he'll take care of everything. Came back with our boarding passes we tipped him and we were off to our gate. Very easy!
4	free wifi, cheap shuttles to the strip at $6.50!! bad passenger pick up, very difficult. Free wifi!! nice entertainment before going through security has stars pretty funny!
1	This is definately the most depressing airport I've been to. There really aren't much shops or restaurant that's eye catchy. TSA here are definately rude and so robotic.
4	love hate relationship. love arriving. hate departing. it's pretty easy to navigate. only $6 for most shuttles to get to the strip which is nice and convenient :)the traffic totally sucks so if you are picking someone up or dropping someone off, leave early!
3	It's as good as an airport gets.........Airports suck!!!!!! LOL
5	This airport is a great change over Chicago O'Hair.   It by far less busy, and the flights seem to be not as affected as much as what goes on at O'Hair.   The flights are a bit limited in terms of direct flights.  But if your traveling within the mid-west or to a major city relativly close by, chances are good you'll be able to find the direct flight.    The security lines don't seem to be as bad and certainly the staff here are much more people friendly than in other places.
3	Arrival on a Thursday night was fine but departing on a Monday morning at 7:30...not so good!Super long lines for the security! If my flight wasn't delayed, I would've missed my flight. A friend had her bag looked through and we got delayed even more. Security doesn't care if you're late for your flight. They care about safety. So make sure to get to the airport early and be ready to go through long lines for security.There were 5 of us and we took a taxi to our hotel. It was about $25 so pretty cheap when you divide that between 5 people.
4	This airport is definitely busy, busy, busy... but what do you expect for Vegas right? The workers we came in contact with were nice to us, but like all airports there are good and bad points..
5	lets face it, u gotta love the fact that theres a gym, slot machines, a whole buncha hookers, never a weather delay, and a lot of dudes who've sinned over their weekend... all at this particular airport, all at the same time... only in vegas, baby... only in vegas.
1	The only thing this place has is free Wifi.  The food prices are horrible!  Baggage is slow.   Slot machines take up much seating. Kiosk salesman soliciting passengers.
5	I kinda love this airport. Maybe it's because it's my first stop when I arrive in my favorite vacation destination. I mean, slot machines in the airport? That's SO Vegas!One of my favorite elements of this fly zone are the billboards in the baggage claim. They get me totally stoked, and I'm usually dancing around the room before I get my bag.There's usually a wait for security here, but it's not too terrible. It's worth it.There's also a decent selection of food, drink and shopping. All in all, even if this airport were built our of cardboard and inhabited by bums, I'm sure I'd still love it ... cuz it's the gateway to VEGAS. So feel free to take my review with a grain of salt.
5	I have always thought highly of this airport.  It used to be the busiest place i had ever been to. But, sadly no longer.  The flights to Vegas have been cut by the hundreds. Many of the shops and restaurants now sit empty and many gates are now abandoned.  However, what is still there is wonderful. A few good restaurants and some really cool shops just outside of security.  Restrooms are always clean and everything in them is automated. All the people that work there are very friendly and they put with a lot on some nights. Drunks, druggies, weirdos ,,,i am just telling the truth.   I hope it comes back in full glory because, it is a great place to be.  I almost forgot don't pass up all the slot machines (i have seen people win big) and there is a 24 hour fitness downstairs.
4	Pretty good airport.  Security lines are usually pretty efficient, and I love how close it is to the strip so you don't get raped by taxis.  Plus, who doesn't love losing $1 in a slot machine within 5 minutes of landing in Nevada?
3	Never had a problem with McCarran Airport.  I've traveled in and out of this location a number of times over the past several years and had good experiences each time.
4	Probably one of the busiest airports I'll ever fly in and out of but for some reason they're probably one of the most efficient and QUICK serviced airports. I like the fact that they have shuttles to take you to your rental car destination and the lines for those tend to be long but they move very quickly. IN-N-OUT is their motto I tell ya!Never had probs with security here...then again I usually don't have probs with security. No need to strip search this mama, I usually show up pantyless/braless with sandals on anyhow. I'm EFFICIENT too. :PBONUS: Slot machines at the airport? Hellz yeah baby! I'm good at the penny slots...I never gamble more than $5. I ain't no rich bitch yet!
4	So I came to this airport for the first time ever last month. I thought it was weird how we had to take a tram just to get to baggage claim. Say what? I'm used to just hoofing it to baggage claim in all the other airports I've been in (to tell the truth, I haven't really been in that many). It was a trip seeing the slot machines in here though. I guess nothing says Vegas more than bright lights and rows of slot machines in your main airport, huh?I was going to give this airport 3 stars, but I'm gonna give it a bonus star for the amount of eye candy I saw in the taxi line at this airport. Normally, I'd be feeling impatient waiting in line for a taxi, but the females I saw in that line made it worth the wait.
3	It's decent. I wish the shuttles to the hotels took debit. They only take cash, and there is no clear idea if it goes to your hotel. You just have a guy saying "Yeah I can get you there" which reminded me of those private taxi cabs in New York. He didn't take us to our hotel by the way. We were dropped off at Planet Hollywood and had to walk to the Grand Chateau. Overall, it's pretty big and has that Las Vegas style. So when you land, you know you're in Vegas.
3	Leaving Las Vegas on 9/11.  We were advised to come really early because of increased security.  My friend, the ultimate early bird, decided 6 am was perfect for our 9am flight.  Huh??  WT* are we gonna do for 3 hours??  I lost the battle and got into the car...grrr.  We were transported from the rental car return (herded actually) by bus to the terminal.  Most folks still sleepy, the young ones still drunk...  ahhh, the memories.  We all zipped through security in minutes.  Now we're set to wait...and wait...and wait.  My friend, the early bird, decides she's gonna have a go at the nickel machines one last time.  The rest of us, decide to watch.  She slips in a 20 and on the second push of a button wins ANOTHER 500 bucks!!  The rest of us walk away, defeated, shaking our heads.  We really don't want to hear her say how lucky it was that we arrived 3 hours early...  Bitter, party of 2!I part ways with my friends and head over to Virgin.  As I'm walking down toward the gate, a friendly guy is looking my way, I look around, no one else but me walkin, so I say Good Morning.  He says Good Morning back, in that Joey from Friends kinda way.  Huh? The voice sounds kinda familiar...  It was Vic Vegas, a contestant from The Next Food Network Star.  I stop and chat a bit and look to get somethin to eat.  Nothing in our gate area interests me.  Too bad Vic Vegas wasn't cookin breakfast...now that'd be worth gettin to the airport early to try.  BTW, I ended up with a bottle of water in Vegas and breakfast at Joannes Cafe in SSF when I got home.
4	McCarran Airport may not be as modern and spacious as SFO but it's unique in the sense that if offer's you the "Vegas experience" as soon as you step off the plane.Upon exiting your gate, you're bombarded with slot machine after slot machine. Why wait till you get to the hotel/casino? I'm not really a gambler, but I thought this was pretty awesome! The bright "Welcome to Las Vegas!" sign instantly put me in a great mood, and I was well on my way to an amazing Vegas trip.Check-in, security, and baggage claim were a breeze, even with tons of people in Vegas for the weekend.There are tons of taxi's, shuttles, and limos outside to take you to The Strip or whichever hotel you are staying at. Taxi's are pretty expensive though - at $17 to The Strip, you're better off taking a shuttle bus at $7 one way, $13 round-trip. We got to our hotel, Treasure Island, in about 15 mins. after making two other stops!Overall, this is a great airport and does the job. The only negative is the whole leaving Vegas part ;( until next time!
4	I like this airport because if you want to do some last minute gambling on the slots this is the place. While you're waiting at the gate for your plane to board there beholds the slot machines and your hopes of winning a jackpot. Bathrooms are clean and when I've gone to visit the airport, there aren't that many people. This means quick security lines!
2	I travel plenty and have had the opportunity to experience many an airports. I hate McCarran, and it's not just because I'm leaving the greatest city on earth. I judge airports heavily on the quality of their TSA agents and McCarran has some of the worst. I'm wearing skinny jeans and a fitted t and you still think I'm smuggling a bomb in my bra?! Maybe instead of investing in the full body scanners ya'll could have bought some better TSA staff. I'll be back, but only for vegas.
3	No airport should have slots...hahahaah. It's really a big airport and they close the door after a short boarding period, so be aware! I almost missed my flight because I didn't know this and I got there when it should have been mid boarding but they closed the door early.
4	Like every other airport on the planet, LAS has lines, invasive searches at the metal detectors and a wait at the baggage claim.  But you know what ?  Those other places don't have slot machines (warning -- these slots have the worst pay out odds in the state), video skits on tv screens  featuring local performers to make the wait in lines feel shorter and non-stop marketing of shows around town.  It's one of the more fun airports I've ever been in.  I know.  I know.  Airports are built for function, not for fun and so the bar isn't set that high. But functionally, LAS is doing a great job.  They get the bags off the planes pretty quick, have a really fast taxi service for folks that just want to get to the casinos fast and a convenient bus service to satellite parking for the locals.  And if you're driving in to pick someone up, they do a good job keeping traffic flowing.Style and function = 4 stars.
4	The layout from the drop off, to the rental is a bit confusing, but overall, it's very clean and attractive.Like the heart of Nevada, right when you walk off the plane you receive a wonderful welcoming sound of chings and clings from the slot machines. (They just know how to pull you right in don't they?) I'm not a gambler. The only thing I really notice is the color coordination that they have in their interior.The security there were surprisingly happy. Instead of demanding, they ask you politely if we can stand in the tube-like thing to get screened. And they say it with a smile. (How weird. I've been in San Jose for way too long)The staff are always smiling and they seem very approachable.I wouldn't mind sitting waiting for a flight there. It's quite a scenery. Especially for me because I like to people watch. And people from all over the world travels to Las Vegas for many reasons. Which means you are exposed to very diversified human behavior.I had to walk through the Las Vegas airport by myself for the first time and it was quite easy to locate where I needed to be.My airport experiences are pretty good. It may be because I haven't had the need to check a bag in. Just carry two carry-ons and you're set to go! Check-In (which you can do from home), print your boarding pass (which you can also do from home. Or print from a kiosk which can't take more then 5 minutes), go through security check (which takes about 10 minutes; even when it's busy), go to your gate (which takes less then 5 minutes), then wait for your flight to be boarded. (Who says you need to get to the port 3 hours early? 1 hour is enough!)So, who wants to go to LAS with me? (LOL)
1	Hate it!  Taxis stop in every lane to drop off, tying up traffic unnecessarily.  No other airport I've been to allows this to happen. Then as I try to go around this a-hole taxi driver, some jackass in a green vest tells me to stop for no reason, no cars in the other lane, no pedestrians, then yells at me and says I can't stop here, are you kidding me you f-in jerkoff!!!  I wasn't the one who gave you your crappy job or told you to wear that stupid vest!  Don't take your frustrations out on me!  I guess some people just need to make themselves feel important...
4	This airport is huge...maybe too big.  It's Vegas, so there's slot machines all over.  the cool part is that they had those revolving full body scanners, which I thought was pretty cool!  I ate at the Burger King there and It was more pricey than other burger kings, but tasted the same haha.  Some parts of the airport seemed pretty old,  but it was interesting to walk through and explore before my flight back home.  There's also a random monorail thing at the airport that takes you to the baggage claim after your flight gets into Vegas!
3	I love the casino in the airport. It took the rest of my money that the casinos didnt take.
3	Give urself more then enough time to go thru security, definitely not my favorite airport.
4	This is an airport.They get you in and out.Plenty of space.Plenty of slots.Great advertisements for all the Vegas Shows.A first class welcome to Las Vegas.
3	Not bad. This airport is really good at filtering people in an out of it. Guess that becomes a sort of art when you're an airport in Vegas.Haven't had a problem here at all, and there are plenty of things that can keep you entertained while you wait for your flight from slot machines to stores and food items gallore.Viva Las Vegas!
3	An older airport, but you always get that excitement as soon as you land, but when you leave, you just want to get the hell out of here. The lines to the taxis are always long, but move so quickly, you wouldnt even realize how many people are standing in line in front of you. Checking in is easy, as well as the security line, but I decided to get a pat-down instead of goign through the x-ray machine, and I think I waited over 5 minutes for female assistance. Maybe even 10. By that point, I should've just done the x-ray machine, but I was stubborn. The walk to Gate B takes FOREVER and a day. I think I am just too used to our nice little airport, SJC, so all the other airports seem a bit ghetto to me.
1	One of my least favourite airports any where.  For such a busy airport it lakes almost no dining choices beyond fast food.  There is nearly no shopping options.  The airport design is pretty haggard and outmoded.  The walls on its many hallways are benign.  Apparently the airport authority has never heard of art work or at least windows at a viewing level for natural sunlight in many of the dullest parts of the airport.
5	How can you not love an airport with slot machines?Aside from that it is a nice setup with a few shops and restaurants.  Nice facilities and a tram to take you to the other side.  Never had any problems getting through here.  Plus its Vegas so there's plenty of eye candy when you get in.  Taxi line gets a bit busy but they do what the system works as good as can be expected.  Worst part about this airport is having to leave Vegas.
4	After a long weekend in Vegas, you have three choices at the airport:1.  You can continue playing slots and booze at the airport.  Maybe you were lucky and want to keep that winning streak alive, or you're trying for any last hope of snagging a few bucks (and your dignity) from the city.  The booze part cures the drinking-all-weekend hangover.2.  You can people-watch.  Everyone walking off the planes is excited to get deep into the Vegas fun, while those waiting to leave have an obvious grimace and likely a massive hangover.  And probably a large dent in their bank account.3.  You can take advantage of their free Wi-Fi and get all of the work/homework done that you put off due to incessant boozing and abuse of your hard-earned cash.  You're going to have to make up the lost money somehow, eh?  The party never stops.Bonus is that the airport is easy to get around, but better to get here early since the security lines can be quite long and, after a few days in Vegas, it's probably best to get there early and GET OUT!
3	I generally end up in Vegas for business purposes so my flying into or out of McCarren happens on a Tuesday/Thursday.  My least favorite thing about getting through this airport is  having to check a bag at Southwest.  The line is almost always long because they don't ever open all of the self check -in kiosks.  An hour is usually enough time to make it to your gate without any anxiety.  Good amenities, although the C Terminal was undergoing quite a bit of construction the last time I was there.
3	Simple, not too far from town. Just watch out for slow moving people.
3	Not a bad airport.  Pretty easy to navigate.  Close to The Strip.
5	As with all airports... it's easy to navigate through check in, security, etc.... as long as YOU make it easy.  Be ready with tickets, ID, take your shoes off.  Let the staff do their job, even if it is a hassle.Over all this is a great airport.
4	Easy in, easy out. Security well staffed to help you through. Plenty of outlets for food and shop. Of course, slots are there if you still haven't had enough. Plenty of stations for charging up before the long flight home.
1	The only reason why I come back to this airport time after time is because I'm always in Vegas for one reason or another. TSA at this location is HORRENDOUS. I cannot begin to tell you how much I despise these people. They're rude, abrasive and completely douchebags.The city of Las Vegas needs to spend some $ to remodel this airport as some of the places in this building look very dated.
5	I actually really like McCarran, maybe because I'm used to the suck that is Philly. McCarran is clean and easy to navigate. The security lines move along and are generally efficient. There are flights to and from just about every where. The best part is you can booze and gamble while waiting for your flight.The worst part about McCarran is the taxi line trying to leave ... it's awful and takes forever. There's a rumor they're going to expand the monorail to the airport, but that makes way too much sense for a government agency to follow through on it.
1	Wow, the airport is close to the strip but that is about it. When our flight was delayed, we could choose between burger king and a burrito joint that didn't even have seating.  Food service could use major improvement!
5	This is one of the better airports in my opinion.  (Hey a huge leap better than LAX which I usually have to fly out of!)McCarran has free WiFi,  it's clean, easy to navigate, lots of shops/boutiques and places to eat.  There's a great selection of places to drink and slot machines everywhere. The last time I flew in to McCarran, my friend's flight was delayed from Dallas (who I was supposed to meet there) so I ended up waiting nearly four hours for her inside the airport and the wait was extremely pleasant.I didn't take a taxi out of here, so I can't comment on that, I took a shuttle and that is pretty fast tooMy departure from McCarran was pleasant too.  The TSA line at McCarran is extremely fast to get through (compared to LAX) and I like watching their funny videos they have (Elvis going through the TSA line and such like).  The TSA agents are friendly enough..
4	Organized!Love their car rental facility!!!
2	I wasn't here very long, just long enough to half kill myself walking five miles, loaded down with carry ons, from my arrival gate to the departure gate.  Ugh.  If you're gonna make people walk halfway across the city for a connecting flight, at least provide some sort of shuttle or something.  NOT an airport I care to go through again.
3	Pros:Loose slots (I always win a few bucks)Lady Gaga's "Poker Face" streaming in the baggage claim area.Free WiFiCons:Long waits to get through securityshuttles to the rental cars are kind of  drag
3	With as many people who pass through Vegas, it would be nice if the airport solicited additional vendors for food.  This airport lacks better dining options and with mandatory 2 hour prior to departure airport check in's, there is a lot of time to kill while waiting for the departure of your flight.  Otherwise, it's OK.
2	I've been here before without problems, but recently I was very confused and displeased. For some reason, they couldn't figure out how to make the ramp work, so we had to stay on the plane for an extra 20+ minutes. Then after waiting at our baggage claim for a bit (to be expected), we were told they were unable to get the baggage compartment on the plane open... another 1.5 hr wait! This could be a string of isolated experiences, but it was no bueno nonetheless.
4	I truly have nothing bad to say about this airport. Maybe because I hate LAX so much, this one looks good to me. Now I have to think to myself too. I am from Hawaii and the Honolulu International Airport is not the nicest airport either. Yes I usually have to go through the older part of the airport but its no biggy. I have to say I like their new car rental area which is currently being renovated and revamped. It's like they are trying to make it nice and are always in the process. Like I said I have not had a bad experience here, pretty much check in at the kiosks, and breeze through the security line and we are already at our gate. Another plus is that they have free wi-fi which is a total perk if you have to wait.
4	its still weird for me to see slot machines in an airport, but hey, that is how you know you're officially in Vegas.....there are a decent amount of places to eat here, so its not really a problem grabbing a bite at any time of the day.  the airport itself is easy enough to navigate, and they have a tram/monorail b/c yes, they are THAT huge....... also, the security screeners - TSA - have a good sense of humor (up to a point of course).... even while they are practically molesting you in the security check point.... *un-comfortably chuckles*
3	I'm just passing through, trying to get to my real destination!
3	My first time at this airport and I just don't understand how in the hell do they allow such nonsense as having their customers do "the green mile" walk to the gates and baggage claim. It felt like the longest walk ever just to get my stuff. Now I understand why there is a monorail. And just when you think you are done walking to your gate or baggage claim, BAM, more walking. Don't get me wrong, they do a good job is getting you around well. I will give them credit for that. I do give them props for having tons of places to eat besides a starbucks. I was happy to find a freaking a Cinnabon at the airport. I was so hungry that I didn't care for the price. But I would say though that if you are hankering for a hot dog, be aware that the place that sells it charges $5. Um yeah no! I have to be stuck at the airport for 9 hours before I cave in and buy one. The TSA agents are harmless and have a sense of humor. That made the screening process painless and quick. Other than the walking and the overpriced food, the airport is clean and the restrooms were clean which was a major plus. A note to self: wear comfortable walking shoes next time.
3	It's flashy, just like Vegas. They have slots in the airport (the tightest slots in the land, from what I hear) and the usual spate of chain eateries and Starbux. It smells like cigarettes, anticipation and desperation in here. I'm so spoiled by PDX. But I guess the good thing is that when I'm arriving at McCarran I know I'm in for a good time and when I pass through on the way out I'm just glad to have escaped The Strip with my life and whatever remaining $$ I happened to sneak out with. Oh, and the line for taxis is always ridic. You think they'd come up with a better solution.
5	This airport used to busy 24-7. No longer, it is almost a ghost town. Very few flights coming in and out of here these days. Still a very nice place. Quite a few good resturants and some good shops. There is a bank (Wells Fargo) and a 24 hour fitness here. So they really try to keep it a place with everything. Always clean and lots of Starbucks through out.  Free Wireless for your computer. Nice claen restrooms, everything automated. Lots of parking and they don't charge too much either. You can even get your car valleted and they will wash it  while you ar eon your trip.
3	Over the last 8-9 years, I've flown into the Vegas airport numerous times. Not because I'm a big party animal, but because I have family who lives there. It's always funny to see people's reaction when I tell them I go there to visit my niece/nephew and not to party or gamble. They just can't seem to comprehend it...Anyhoo, this airport is fine for what it is. It has a worn down feel to it. Not sure if the slot machines are a pro or con, since I'm not a gambler. And the restaurant options leave much to be desired.However, this airport isn't BAD, either. Security is generally amiable. Flights are generally on-time no matter which airline you fly. I guess there really aren't many weather issues here (vs. fog in SFO or snow in Denver). If you check your bag, it's pretty easy to find the carousel that you need. And if someone is picking you up, parking in the garage is cheap ($2/hour) and the drive-by pickup is easy too.I don't cringe when booking a flight into McCarran, but I don't necessarily jump up and down with excitement, either. It's just a means to an end in my world.
4	Having flown through McCarran twice this year, I have to say that I think it does it's job as well or better than most airports.If I'm arriving, it gets me from the gate to the pavement in about 10 minutes (assuming no checked bags.)  If I'm leaving, it gets me from the pavement to the gate in about 30 minutes on average (better than most airports.)It has slot machines to entertain me if I've gotten there early.  Although their payout is supposedly terrible, I won the only time I played them this year.  Made about $20 in less than ten minutes.Starbucks in pretty much every terminal (decent coffee is my airport essential.)The airport's kept pretty clean and spruced up.  Restrooms are above average on cleanliness.  No frayed or threadbare carpet or destroyed seats.Room for improvement: Overall number of restrooms could be better.  Wayfinding signage could be improved, but at the end of the day, it's not a giant airport and you figure it out pretty quickly if you make a wrong turn.
4	this airport is big and has alot of shops to eat and shop. there are coin slots in the airport.
4	Just wanted to give two thumbs up to McCarran for offering free wifi!  I hope other airports will soon follow suit.Besides that, it's a nice, well-laid out airport.  No complaints from me.
5	TSA people here are lazy!  5 stars!  Its awesome cuz the line I was in they wanted to switch shifts.  So they literally push all our of crap through the xray then told us to line up single file and every walked through the metal detector at once.  HAHAHAHAHA.  I've done a lot of traveling and this was by far the best thing ever.  This is how all airport should handle security.  Homeland security is fuckin dumb.
3	It's Vegas folks.Even if you came on a business trip, you know some pleasure and leisure will be mixed in at some point. McCarran Airport is very clean, well organized and it sounds and looks just as a Las Vegas airport should. Glitzy billboards for various shows, hotels and restaurants catch your eye. Lots of town car and limo drivers greeting you out of the gate and the unmistakable Vegas sound of coins dropping out of a slot machine. It's an assault on your senses. Cheesy? It's Vegas, of course it's cheesy! But, this city is a chameleon, you time here can be anything you want it to be ;-)
4	I didn't get to take the monorail... boo!... because I was on Hawaiian Airlines... but I like this airport! Clean, friendly staff, easy to navigate, and full of slots! Okay, not FULL of slots, but enough to keep you busy while waiting for a shuttle or after a bathroom break! Lots of eateries and of course Starbucks which was super important lol... great airport!
3	Fly in and out of Vegas here every time. Not that exciting of an airport, but it doesn't really need to be when you have one of the most exciting cities right outside your doors. The cab rides are super expensive, so that sucks.
5	People need to learn to TIP. $2 is NOT a tip.... Traffic cops are jerks. Clean, Modern, WELL SIGNED. Read the signs and you won't get lost!
4	There really is nothing better than flying into Vegas. Unless you are an uptight square. In that case, Vegas is probably not the place for you. Maybe consider a barn in Iowa? Or an AA meeting in Wichita?Anyway, this is the airport that has always brought back fond memories for me. Most people LOVE coming here, because they are drinking on the plane, and the party has already begun.The flight home? Well...no one ever remembers that because most people pass out.The airport itself is nice and small. Two terminals. That's it. Simple. Easy to manage.Parking is easy, signage isn't the best, but it's a small enough airport. Anyone with half a brain can navigate, even after a few in-flight cocktails.Security is friendly, and while you are waiting for your flight, you can drop some coins into the Wheel of Fortune slot machine and win some cash monies. Holler.
4	My favorite place to land in the United States--not in the sense that I'm in love with Las Vegas; in the sense that it's just an amazing place to land. The view is breathtaking as you come in from the east: the long sweep of the mountains followed by the flat stretch of desert; the city and the strip lit up like a carnival and instantly recognizable at any time of day. And then, of course, you've got slot machines and booze as soon as you get out. Yippee!The airport is clean, well-stocked, and efficient. My only complaint is that the taxi queue manages to be an hour long every time I visit, despite the streamlined queue-up process.
3	Not as glitzy as you'd think a Las Vegas airport should be. It's pretty small and seems kind of dated but it gets the job done. Of course there are many slot machines throughout but they seem pretty old and they didn't grab my interest enough for me to want to play any of them. If I'm gonna lose money, I'd rather do it in a 5-star hotel/casino while being handed free drinks.One nice thing about the airport is its proximity to the strip. It's only about 3 miles away from the heart of Vegas.
2	This airport is terrible for an international one.. They seriously need some remodeling done. It's nearly impossible to find an electrical outlet to charge your items anywhere near your gate. The WiFi is spotty too...and get used to the taxi line of doom!
2	Security line is extremely unpredictable. It may take 15 or 75 minutes to clear....
3	Easy to get through.  Some casino games you can play.  Free Wifi which is great.  But overall just ok.
3	I don't like that all the gates are not connected. I wanted to eat lunch with someone going to the other gates, there was no decent food in the common area, and it was impossible for one of us to go through security twice and still make our plane, had we chosen to eat behind one of the security checkpoints. The history of aviation display is awesome. It's a collection of memorabilia from Nevada aviation pioneers. It's worth the time to check it out, the coolest thing I sam on my short trip to LV.
2	Ugggghh, I travel quite a bit and this airport is annoying as hell to get out of.  There is no issue arriving there but people and workers are annoying.  I couldn't wait to get on the plane and get the hell out of there.   The layout is annoying and the food selection was the worst I've experienced at an airport.
2	This airport is only coveted for the destination that it leads its fliers too... the view of the Strip is the only thing that redeems this hotel. The tacky slot machines in the center of the terminal is one thing, but they dont even have a smoker's lounge (its vegas for god's sake!) There are not that many options for food at the airport. Also, it is a TINY airport with a lot of traffic and THE TRAFFIC LINE OF DOOM in itself is a catastrpohe. To its defense, you can drink while you are in line, which i saw many people doing.
2	If you only flew in and out of the beautifully modern D concourse, you would never know the hassle of trekking through the carpeted & outdated A, B or C concourses.  Free WiFi is spotty and finding electrical outlets near a seat is a challenge.  Food choices are limited near most gates.  If you are connecting to different airlines here, do allow yourself at least one hour between flights, as different(or in some cases, the same airline) may be in different concourses, far far away...
4	I like McCarran.  People who don't are those who seem to forget what the airports are like where they came from.  Reminds me of those who complain about the roads in the city - just one trip back home and you realize that Vegas roads are usually smooth and well-maintained.I never have too many hassles, and except for last week, when the airport was a zoo due to all the flight cancellations the day before because of the snowstorm in the Northeast, it's usually not too crowded.  Parking is convenient (Try that at JFK or LaGuardia!), the tram runs frequently, and baggage appears quickly.Now if only Continental would leave from any other gate except the furthest one in the whole airport, I'd give it five stars!!
5	I've flown through LAS rougly 25-30 times over the past year and it's a very reliable airport with few delays.
4	I love that you can gamble right when you step off the plane! I love that there is a flow to this airport, pretty easy to find your way to shuttles or taxi cabs to get where your going. There are plenty of little shops everywhere and a handful of Starbucks to get your caffeine fix, which I needed on my last trip since I landed at 8am!
3	You know you're in Vegas when you see slots before baggage pickup.  Was pretty clean and baggage pickup was easy.
5	And I know airports. Damn. Er... jackpot, rather.Free WiFi, yummy restaurants, cute boutique shops, weird souvenirs, and as relatively clean as airports get. :)
4	Normally, I wouldn't write a review about an airport. But, because it's Vegas, this airport is... uh... special.It all started two days prior when my lady friend got pick-pocketed on the strip. I heard later that Las Vegas has the biggest crime rate of any city in America. Whether that is true or not is up to what you read, I guess, but it makes sense for this story. After contacting the airline and the police, we were told that we could make it through security, but it would be tricky, and to arrive two hours early.So, we showed up three hours early. Being Las Vegas, it's both very hot, and very booze-soaked. I had been nauseous throughout a lot of the trip, why, I still do not know. Something to do with the heat, the eat, and the alcohol turning everything sideways.We waited in line to have our ID's checked; both of us with single carry on bags. I went first since I had a good ID. She went after me and simply and plainly told the TSA agent. "I have no ID, here is the police report".***SUPERVISOR TO GATE THREE***My heart sank.Luckily the supervisor was pretty laid back. He got on the phone with some mystery government official on the other end, and in a few short minutes, and after a few brief questions politely queried at the side of gate three, we were on our way. Two hours early.Due to the security hangup, the TSA supervisor allowed us to cut in line and we ended up waiting for the plane to arrive for about 2.5 hours. I took a few walks through the makeshift casinos to alleviate my sickness from the stress and other aforementioned contributing factors, but by the time we got on the plane and got in the sky, the nausea was gone, and we were home free.
4	I wouldn't normally write about an Airport, but I really like it that Hawaiian Airlines Arrival and Departures are all at one Terminal (2). Unlike the other Airline carriers, you check in one place then you have to Walk to the Gate, go through Security and then Catch a Tram to the Actual Gate of Departure. Yikes!!!
3	This place is dirty - they need to hire more people to clean the trash off the floor and the puke off the sidewalks. So, why not 1 or 2 stars? Well, because there are slots while you wait, a fair amount of places to eat, free wifi, and lots  of security lanes.
3	Looks dated. Easily walkable with a good layout.I appreciated finding outlets down by baggage claim to recharge my phone while waiting for another person to fly in. Sat by a wall for about an hour and no one hassled me.When I was waiting to fly out there was a Verizon free phone charging area by Gate L6.
3	McCarran is voluminous and aging, kind of like the LV convention center.  The majority of the airport could use a face-lift, especially the interior silver facade that lines much of the access ways headed to terminals and gate areas.  However, cannot complain about the efficiency of departing; I've never stood in a security line longer than 15 minutes, and my fellow Bears and I have been to Vegas probably 12 to 15 times over the past few years, and have departed at various times/days without trouble.  The airport generally does not experience weather delays, so that's a plus too.  We've used the Continental lounge as well, which is small but comfortable and clean.  The only issues this airport has to contend with outside of an overhaul are the speed at which bags arrive at the baggage carousels,  and occasionally the long taxi rides.  I've rented a car here on multiple occasions and have never had any difficulties or long waits, etc.
3	Just what one expects to see when they arrive in Vegas -- bam slot machines.  It was like welcome to Vegas get ready to spend some coin.  I've been in cleaner airports, but once again it's Vegas.  I'm not sure if this always happens, but be prepared to stand in a long, long line for a taxi.  I mean the line is like Disney World line long. It moved pretty fast.
4	This is a very well run airport, but the security line can get way too long.  The food choices in the terminals is just ok.
3	Yelp Challenge 365  # 66/365I remember what McCarran looked like before the new addition of termnail and am constantly reminded of it when I fly into Las Vegas on Hawaiian Airlines. Hawaiian is located at the old part of the terminal; isolated more or less from the other carriers. That said- don't try to make any connections to other airlines unless you have AMPLE time. It's about a 10 minute walk to the other terminal or, you could rider their shuttle. Either way, allow yourself time.Their ground transportation system is sort of confusing. Limos? Private Limos? Door to Door Shuttles? All forms of transportation but they are not all in one place.  If you are renting a a car; you'll need to stand by the car rental bus stop. The bus will take you to the Rent A Car Central where all the rental companies are.Upshot is they have great food concessions just in case you have time to stop and eat. While I've never looked for souveniers at the airport, I do see quite a few stores for the last minute shopper.There are definitely better airports around but! Just 1 airport to deliver us to the 9th Island.
3	They have got to spice up the place a bit more. But I do love the amount of stores, food places, and slots they have. Actually, the slots need to be updated too. But yeah, it has got just about everything you need to keep you entertained while you wait for your flight.You WILL be standing in a long line for the Taxi's. It's a guarantee. The service is great and my flights have always been on time. Thankfully. But hey if your flight is not on time, you've got A LOT to do while you wait.
3	Decent. Old, but relatively clean.Baggage claim is a welcome site, foreboding good times to come. Take a hotel shuttle if you're alone, else, taxi is equivalent in price, but takes less than 1/2 the time.Not much else to say, aside from lol @ slot machines right outside of the gates.My name is Boris Yelpsin, and I approve this message.
4	McCarran screams 'WELCOME TO FREAKING LAS VEGAS' and 'DON'T FREAKING LEAVE US' every time.  The minute you walk off the plane, you are reminded of where you are with slot machines, shopping, and big, glossy ads for shows and hotels.  It's a larger airport, but easy to navigate with signs.  Their taxi line is efficient and so is their luggage pickup (since it's such a large area).
4	I have to say the airport scares me a little.... Maybe not the airport but the traffic surrounding the airport. and Parking .. omgosh the parking frightens the heck out of me. If it weren't difficult enough ..before. The new parking/pay system .. sucks!Granted I do not have to go to the airport very often but hey my mom had a three hour layover and my sister and I headed out to the airport for a few hours. When we finally got inside the airport after all the confusing arrows and avoiding being hit by cars... ::whew::  I told you scary!We met my mom and then headed to Alejandros for food. I have to say the meal .. although TOO EXPENSIVE was pretty good. The atomosphere was nice and we were able to spend some time talking there.There were quite a few military hanging around so I wanted to make sure that we thanked them for their service as well .It was a pretty good experience... MINUS the stinking parking and traffic.. But that is a daily drive to work to  eh?
3	there's slot machines near the boarding areas LOL
3	OK airport overall.  It always makes me smile that there are slot machines in the various concourses for those who can't wait or can't get enough on the way home.  Rumor has it they are tight as hell.  Shocking...
5	I love this airport!!!I was in a wheelchair and the man who pushed me around had a smile on my face the entire time. I couldn't believe how friendly everyone was there!It is a large airport so for anyone who has trouble getting around I highly recommend getting a wheelchair!I think they do a pretty good job with getting lines down to with how many people come in and out and your luggage arrives really quickly too.Great experience!
4	In a lot of ways an airport is an airport.  Is anyone reading a ton of review about airports?  You don't have too much freedom to choose even if you read bad things.  I live in Las Vegas so I fly in and out of McCarran often.  Here's some worthwhile points:-D Gates security can be an hour wait at any time of day-Yes, there are slot machines at the terminals-If you go through a tunnel in a cab on your trip to the strip, you just got ripped off.
2	As soon as you get off the plane, the sound of slot machines warmly welcome you to the City of Sin where all bets are off, no rules, all fun.  Welcome to the place where an adult can be a kid.  Make your way through the glitzy airport, grab your bags, and do... whatever you please in Las Vegas.  The city is your oyster!But when you head back to catch your flight back home (most likely broke) make sure you keep your eyes away from the slots to avoid being tempted to spend your last $1 on a broken dream.  IMHO, they could really do a nice renovation of Terminal 2... Us Hawaiians need some snazzy, impressive displays of Vegas glam, too!  Just sayin'...
2	This airport is dirty, ridiculous, and not user friendly. What I mean by user friendly is... they need more outlets around the airport, so folks traveling for business can plug their lap tops and cell phones into for charging.  If you have a lay over here... good luck! I hope you're not late! You'll be walking a good mile before you reach your destination. As if traveling isn't already stressful. This airport adds to the stress... not to mention, you have slots machines every where- lose money quickly if you dare.
4	I love this airport!  Where else can you play slots before jumping on a plane?
3	Southwest doesn't have those touch screen kiosks.  It takes forever.  I hate their drop off area.  Frikking sucks.  This airport is lucky that it's my only hope to arrive in Land of Sins.  You would think, the amount of tourist they get every year they'd improve on their airport. The Slot machines suck I don't know why I always play before I leave and never win anything. sucks!The baggage claim here is so inconvenient and confusing.  Although, I do like that the baggage claim signs alert you if your carriage has moved.
3	Why is that I know I won't ever win, but I decide to sit my ass down at the slot machine and lose 10 bucks! lol  That's a friggin meal at the airport I could have gotten!  Oh well, Never fails, when I have a layover here...its so tempting to stick that money in the machine.  haha
4	After visiting many other airports, coming home to my beautiful, clean, organized McCarran was a blessing.  I have never had any problems finding my gates, checking my bags, or locating nice little spots to grab a quick bite to eat.  This is, by far, the most amazing airport, I love Vegas.
2	For being in Vegas, the people working at this place are major buzzkills!  Flying out here we packed up our luggage nice and tight.  Clothes and toiletries in one checked bag and booze in the other... don't judge me, it's VEGAS!  So, we're heading back to Orlando and the woman asks me if I had anything fragile inside my luggage and I said yes, glass.  She goes on to ask if I had alcohol and me, being the honest (and half drunk) person I am, say yes.  She halfway scowls and gripes about needing a certain pouch to put the bottles in, not ladylike or nice at all!  I was fine to go ahead and pay to get said pouches, but when she unzips and finds an open bottle nestled tight in a towel she says this terrible phrase, "you have to get rid of this."  WHAT?!  It was awful and my friend flying with would not have it and started offering free shots for everyone!  Reading over this I see the problem... haha.  So glad TSA let us through the gates and we made it on home.It's also a quite dated airport with few options for food and bev while waiting around, just sayin.
3	McCarran is a decent airport all considered.I've been through here a few times so this will be my attempt at a combined review addressing some of the other reviewers comments.Flying Southwest - I'm not sure why people are saying they don't have touch screens, but... they do.  McCarran combines multiple airlines into a single kiosk.  All the kiosks along the windows by Southwest are Southwest (and additional airline) kiosks.  Southwest flies out of concourse C, which seems to have pretty quick security lines (far right along the wall where C & D - first class, lines are).Flying United - United is easy enough if you're a regular flier.  The usual kiosks and desks are available.  I can't tell you much about the regular D security lines, but the first class line can be a pain.  The line leads up to one or two security stations, but is allowed to filter to any.  When people up front aren't aware of this, the line backs up.  Also, plan for a bit of extra time since concourse D is a decent tram ride and walk.Other stuff - Yes, there are slot machines here, and I don't know why people complain since loss and gambling seem to go together.  There is a gift shop, etc... If you're flying with other folks on different airlines, hang out with them BEFORE security, since you will not be going to the same place.  I also think the signs here are lacking, which leaves people looking around for where they're going.Overall... well who cares about the airport?  You're headed to McCarran for other reasons.
4	Lose some money here, why not?  You're in Vegas baby!
4	Easy, quick check in and baggage claim was a breeze
3	I never have any issues when it comes to the McCarran airport.  When departing the security lines are quick and organized. When you land here everything is marked as where to go.  The taxi guy has a great system of loading people in the 20+ cab slots.
5	My fav Airport they move people like nobodys biz.
3	I flew through AA on my way to and from McCarran.The airport is easy to navigate. The shuttle system to and from terminal D is easy to use and lots of signage makes it easy to find your way.Security was just ok- a little slow and disorganized, but it didn't take too long to get through.THe options for dining before the flight aren't that great in terminal D, so make sure to plan for that.The taxi situation to and from the airport was fine though I definitely got a little ripped off on my way to my hotel because my taxi there was almost twice the amount of my taxi to the airport after my trip. Next time I'll make sure I know my way through a google search so I don't get ripped off.
4	Airport with slot machines.  Very nice ;-)  Another nice thing about this place is that they have many restaurants that are open at odd hours, which I always enjoy, because when you are waiting for a flight at odd hours and you are hungry, which are all things that are common in Vegas, as we tend to be up all night, or come here for a weekend, and need to head back late or early the next morning, and we have been out all night gambling and perhaps drinking ;0), we rarely have time to eat, so that is a great addition to this place.
3	I Absolutely hate....HATEEEEE picking anyone up from here who's just coming In from a domestic flight and I REFUSE to wait and pay for temp parking, It's a bit pricey. The passenger parking Is located on the 2nd floor and It's always REALLY busy, It's just AWFUL! If your picking someone up from here and you don't want to park PLEASE PLEASE make sure they're already there, there's no waiting allowed and they pushy parking attendants make sure your abiding by this rule. It's not as chaotic If your traveling internationally, It's much smaller and not as congested. Parking Is located RIGHT In front and the cabs are lined up before It.  I like McCarran Airport because It's NOT a big, scarey, confusing airport, at least as long as you know how to read and look for the signs. McCarran Is pretty well maintained for being built In the late 60s.
3	It's very convenient to the Strip, but the food is awful.  Just make sure you eat before you get to your gate.  You will be grossly disappointed.
3	Not that bad of an airport... its a little small but FREE WIFI? i was stuck at the airport from 6am - 1pm but i got by with FREE WIFI! I camped out at the few computer areas. They really need more plugs. Sigh last time i was here was for my best friends bachelor party. not coming back here anytime soon!
3	Vegas is Vegas. Loud noise, flashy lights and over the top everything. The airport follows suit well.Slot machines at the gates and all the shops you could want to pick out a be-dazzled outfit before flying home.The restaurants are a bit lacking and the patrons coming and going from this airport are the RUDEST people I have met in my travels.
4	I frequent the airport alot picking friends or co workers up and dropping them off. I will admit i am more of a fan of going through terminal 2 then i am terminal 1. Even traveling I would rather deal with terminal 2 as its smaller and less crowded and the staff seems more friendly on that side then the other. Another great thing about this airport wireless is free! Downside is, the food area in this airport like all others are ridiculously expensive!
3	Pretty decent airport and much bigger than it was when I was growing up. We flew into the newer terminal and had to take a tram to get our bags and we flew out of the older terminal but it could use a little (or a lot) of updating. As far as airports go, this is probably one of the easiest to get in and out of. Must be due to the 43 Million passengers that come through every year!
2	The airport itself is pretty standard. The cab line can be ridiculously long. Even though the strip is literally a mile away from your gate as the crow flies it can take 45 minutes to an hour to get there.The security lines always seem longer than most, especially for the legacy carriers.The food choices past security are pretty lame.
3	Close to the strip. Shuttles are easy to take to get to your gates. There are plenty of food choices in the airport. The rental car places are off-site, but there are shuttles that will take you to the airport. Give yourself at least an extra 20 minutes if you're renting a car. Slot machines everywhere to take your money...I've tried 3 times and lost every time, so I'm guessing NO ONE wins at the airport. Darn!
3	So after spending 5 hours here during my last visit I suppose I can give an accurate review. there aren't allot of food options here before the gate, so make sure and wait to get pass security to get some grub. Getting a taxi at  the airport is pretty much quick and painless even around busy times, but be aware to taxi should cost you over $25 to get to the strip ( yea I learned the hard way). I guess seeing the slot machines once again on my departure just added insult to loosing all my money injury.
3	I like the view of the strip coming into town - always have.Gambling in the airport is hilarious.Meh, it's an airport.
2	An average airport with an attempt at Vegas glitz that is actually annoying more than interesting.Coming into McCarran is fairly easy, but the taxi time is usually substantial and the walk to the baggage area can be long. Signage is mediocre and sometimes hard to follow...especially when trying to find the taxi stand.Speaking of the taxi stand, it is massively long, but well-run and quick for the amount of people being shuffled through. There are little-to-no smoking restrictions outside of the airport, so persons waiting for a taxi are often subjected to second hand smoke. The people watching is amusing, though, so maybe it's worth it. Watch out for cabbies that take you the long way to the Strip, though. Vegas needs to get control of that.The food offered at McCarran is chain-based and underwhelming. Bathrooms are surprising large and relatively clean. There are charging stations in a few places, so that's nice, but the chairs are uncomfortable. The chairs are fine, but you are subjected to the noise from the many slot machines in just about all areas of the airport. I have never liked this.If I am not going to Vegas, I try to avoid connections through McCarran. There are definitely better airports in the U.S. and definitely on the West Coast.
3	I've been to vegas a few times.. but this was the first time I've been in the airport... although it was just a short stop... they had a small variety of food (in the area where our gate was).. and slots if you want to play!
2	Always slow, always overloaded. I have flown through here many times, and normally it takes 40-60 minutes to get through security. That in itself makes this airport annoying enough.The slot machines are always funny, and there is a decent selection of food. This is the reason for the additional star.
4	Terminal 2 International flights. Smaller , easier & cheaper to park. Only 4 gates, people speaking in funny British accents, slot machines, BK, Best Buy kiosks and a little bar. It's a winner!
2	For a city that embodies glitz and glamor, you would think the airport would be a little bit nicer.  Out of all the places I have flown in and out of, I think the Vegas airport is one of my least favorite airports.  Dismal food choices, cramped conditions, and an abundance of slot machines makes this place a horrible spot to be stuck in.  Looking out the windows during my layover to CA, I remembered the food I had on my last trip.  Wonderful, over the top and memorable, my mouth began to water.  Here I looked around the airport and what did I end up settling for....Sabarro.  Ick.  The charging stations were packed so I had to find a outlet on the wall and sit on the floor and the inside of the airport is just a poor reflection of what Las Vegas is.  When you fly into Nashville, you get the feeling of Country Music or even Providence you are greeted with ocean feelings.  You get nothing at the Vegas airport.The only thing that I do like about this airport is maybe Ethels....if I want chocolate and that Southwest has a hub here.
2	It is time for a major overhaul of this airport. It was great in the early 80's, and I am sure was quite modern. Now, it looks it's age and is in need of a major renovation. It would also be much better if it was more clear as to where you were going, and how you will get there. Unless you know that you need to take the tram to the main terminal you will not know that you need to do so to get your bags. If you have done it more than once, then no big deal. The baggage claim is very spacious and plenty of room, however it would be better if there was more information for you to know where to get your bags from rather than following all the same people from your flight and see where they go. I also wish the food shops were a little nicer as well, but again a major renovation will take care of a lot of that.
3	Make sure and give yourself ectra time here, you WILL wait in line.  Videos you watch while waiting are comical and entertaining.
2	One of my least favorite airports in the country. Stay away from those slots!
2	This airport is funny. Once you enter when getting off the flight, you immediately see and hear slot machines.I'd figure that since Vegas is such a high end city that they should definitely have a fancier airport. This airport is just like any other airport if not worse. They do not have outlets near the waiting area, instead there is a designated "Recharge" area to charge cellphones/laptops, etc. It isn't very convenient and there's only a couple chairs there to wait.Bathroom is pretty nice though and everything else is pretty neat.
3	Slot machines in an airport?? Um..ok. As far as airports go, it's pretty middle-ground. Nothing super-special, and nothing too horrible. Just alright.
2	Huge. Overpriced everything. $9 subs. Very sparse food selection.
4	When you're used to modern, well-designed airports at SFO and SJC, this place can be frustrating, especially for first-timers. It has an annoying lack of directions/signs and confusing roads. How am I supposed to know the difference between Terminal 1 and Terminal 2 if no airlines are listed? (hint: Terminal 1 looks like it has pretty much every domestic airline)Also, passenger pickup was insane on an otherwise normal Saturday evening, and I expect it to be even worse this Saturday (New Year's Eve). However, the security checkpoint lines on both weekdays that I've been here are spectacularly short. That makes up for the other shortcomings easily.
3	Hello Las Vegas!!! They need more restaurants in the B terminal...
3	Gateway to Sin City....  I've taken multiple trips here via Virgin America in the last few years and this airport serves its purpose. Security lines are long but the screeners are pretty efficient. Their drive by pick up is efficient and the loop isn't too confusing to navigate. Rental car is off site which makes pick up and drop off efficient but adds about 20 minutes to the entire trip on either ends.
4	I've never had a bad experience here and the traffic flows in and out pretty easily. Taxi and self park are smooth rides. Interior is kinda cheap with all the slots and food choices are slim, but I value ease of transport as #1 rating modifier.
4	Not much to say about an airport. I did not lose my bags, so it was a great experience. I feel lik if you screw up my bag, I will not lik you very much. Pretty simple I say. Not saying this 100% truth, but if you can handle this you are ok in my book.Sky Harbor is still better in the southwest!
3	Free wifi!  Lucky for free internet because this airport just earned an extra star. It's hard for me to rate airports because they all suck.  This one could use a face lift but I think all of the slot machines are distracting enough.  Really?  Like we're not going to spend any more money while we are here. The sad thing is that most people feel the need to play slots as soon as the de-plane.It's not a very big airport so getting lost is not likely.
4	As far as airports go, this small airport gave me the least amount of hassle when going through security. It showed having state of the art technology for security with that new metal detector. The baggage handling service was in one word, great. From the moment we got in to the moment we boarded the plane, phenomenally quick. We ended up having to wait in the terminal for a while since we have arrived there over an hour ahead. Thank God for the Burger King in the back. Got me a little food, some coffee, and we were boarded soon thereafter. Nothing less, except a great airport.
3	Its an Airport, you've seen one you've seen them all. Bunch of people in a hurry looking annoyed. I will not be giving it 5 stars but at least they have video poker.
3	The airport is large and most of the places to eat are close to each other. If you are a frequent traveler and opted in of the TSAs pre screening, getting through security is a breeze. There also numerous shops on which to buy books and magazines. There are also numerous specialty shops so it's easy to spend time between layovers. My biggest complaint about the airport is the free wifi. While it's great they offer free wifi, I found the connection fairly unreliable on my iPhone.
2	If you don't want to wait nearly an hour for your luggage, pack light and carry on, because you will be at baggage claim LONG before your luggage arrives there.  Compared to LAX, O'Hare and even Miami (which is terrible), LAS has to be filled with the rudest, most self-centered people. You literally could be limping on a sprained ankle, carrying a purse and carry on bag and between you and your husband, have another 3 suitcases to maneuver, and still you should not expect anyone to be courteous enough to move for you.  What you can expect is to walk 100 miles to baggage claim, wait for 30 minutes or more for the 1st piece of luggage (which will not be yours) to drop onto the carousel, fight mean stares and rude people to get out to the Taxi line, just to round the corner and see you will be getting a taxi just about in time to catch your flight home, in three days.Here's a tip:  Either schedule a car service to meet you at the airport (yes, it will cost you $65 and YES, it is worth not having to wait in a taxi line) or look for a dude in a suit, pushing a luggage cart around, who you can tip $1 per bag and he will help you cut in line to get a taxi. Do not, in an circumstance, rent a car in this "traffic from you-know-where" city.  I lived outside of Philly for two years and cannot imagine driving in this place.
3	I was a little shall we say unimpressed with McCarran International Airport because it just felt a little word down. Maybe I was expecting more glitz and glam for the city that is full of lights and over the top swagger but this airport resembled a tourist who spent a few too many days on the strip. The slot machines are a bit exciting as there isn't gambling in my hometown but besides that, this reminds of a run of the mill airport. The upside is the staff who were assisting in the shuttle and cab areas were super helpful and gave us tips on how much a reasonable fare costs and to advise the cabbie to not take the highway route to the strip as it is much more expensive.We ended up paying around $18 to get from McCarran to The Venetian because of this sound advice. We learned the hard way on the way back to McCarran to definitely let the cabbie know that you want to avoid the highway on the way to the airport because he stuck us with a $30 fare instead!
4	OK, it's an airport, however it's a pool of crazy, insane, psychopathic people trying to leave town following a convention, as another convention is starting... I chose to travel at the worst time, just at the end of CES as Adultcon was starting... Holy Crap!! It was a mad house!! But they handled the crowds smoothly and in a timely manner.. Good job!
5	After seeing a lot of airports and going through a lot of security checks, I've decided that LAS is the one of the best airports on the west coast. Check-in is always under 15 minutes if you don't bring crazy stuff in your bag and remember to take your laptop out. It's easy to navigate. There are a lot of places to eat, and plenty of places to charge your phone/laptop. AND FREE WI-FI! :]
3	Bad airport. People are too nice, and if you come from where I come from, nice = slow. And that's exactly what this airport is. I guess they have to be nice to hungover people leaving on Sunday afternoons, right?For frequent flyers: no priority lines at TSA from what I could tell.The terminal itself looks decent and there's a good selection of restaurants inside. Oh, and if you're really itching to gamble a bit more, there's plenty of slot machines lying around. Gotta love Nevada.
4	McCarran is by no means a nice airport. It is extremely outdated. However, when do you ever land in an airport that is less than 20 minutes away from your final destination? The convenience of being only a short cab ride from the strip is seriously something you'll come to appreciate when you wake up the morning of your departure not feeling your best.It can get extremely busy, especially during conventions such as CES or New Years peak season, however, TSA is actually quite organized at this Airport. In addition, although there aren't a number of restaurants (it'd be a nice suggestion for these folks to add since theres so many gates (section A/B/ and C) with no eateries... ), you can at least get your game on and play slots one last time.Also, definitely appreciate the  ATM and Wells Fargo ATM machines on the way out into baggage claim. Makes for a convenient pit stop so you don't have to use ATMs on the strip.
3	This is a good airport, clean and updated.  The baggage claim is a little confusing your first time, I think it could be better organized to keep travelers informed of where their stuff will be.  The airport is pretty big, but easy to navigate.  The taxi line can be very long at times, but it moves quick;y since there are a ton of taxi stops and there is always a long line of taxis waiting.  My biggest complaint would be the security check in procedure.  There is more of a crowd and less of a line to go through security making it very hectic and slow.  Other than that though, this place is good, theres a bunch of slot machines, a Wells Fargo, Starbucks and many other familiar businesses.
2	I love traveling to Vegas, but their airport here sucks. I've been stopped multiple times here where some of the TSA's were just doing wayyyyy too much. Anyways, the airport is older, not modern at all. I admit to be spoiled by the beautiful SFO, but I wish they would do something to spruce up McCarran. Aside from the environment here, I always make it through and make it on time to my flight so I can't complain about that. I will be returning to LAS again, so I have no choice but to travel through McCarran.
4	I've been here when I was in 7th Grade, but I don't remember anything... soooo, this was like my first time at the McCarran Airport!  I was arriving into LAS from LAX - the ride was smooth, enjoyable, & fast.  Made it right on time, too!  (courtesy of Southwest - I also was able to enjoy my vodka cranberry free of charge!).Right when I walk through the corridor, I saw slot machines - it was true!  There were also shops dedicated to hard liquor w/ no sales tax?  Overall, a very clean looking airport inside & not crowded since there is a lot of open space for those walking.  If I wasn't traveling w/ a friend, I might have gotten lost in all of the lights and terminals.  It was probably one of the biggest terminal area I've seen.  The line for the taxi seemed long, but it moved rather quickly (which I liked!).  They seemed highly organized and knew what they were doing.It wasn't long before I was at my hotel  :]
3	McCarran is pretty standard as far as airports go and its pretty easy to get around. Food selection is generic and overpriced but that's to be expected from any airport. Having slot machines all over the place are a nice touch so even people that are just catching a connecting flight can experience a little bit of Vegas.
2	+'s:Close to the StripTransportation To and From is a snapSecurity lines while sometimes long, they run smoothly-'s:Holy Moley OUTDATEDEverything is as over priced as in the StripNot a good first impression overall
4	They handle the massive traffic quite well.  Free wifi, good selection of food, plenty of places to sit.Stay away from their tight slot machines and be prepared to walk a bit to get to your gates.
3	Decent enough; going through construction in Terminal C for Southwest flights, so will be much nicer when it's done.
3	This airport is easy to navigate and is close to the strip.  Food choices are heavy on fried stuff (at least in Delta terminal) but there's a pretty good variety.Bathrooms are clean. Security line was really efficient.  I lost big in Vegas and was very depressed flying out, but  I won't let that fact allow me to give this a negative review.  I'll leave that for my own behavior (that gets zero stars)
4	considering the volume of traffic here, the place is easy to navigate, get in and out. older airport but it gets the job done
3	Baggage claim is very efficient, and ground transportation is readily available.Check-in process is quick, and they know how to "churn and burn" people through the TSA checkpoint.  Ditto everyone else on dining options...I recommend you grab a meal on the strip before you head towards the airport.The one, and only one positive are the slot machines.  I'm a sucker for penny slots...
3	Pretty easy airport to get around.Shuttles are around $5-6 per person to get to the Strip. You could get a limo or a taxi too if you have enough people.And what other airport has slot machines for you to play one last time before going home? ;)
3	I love that they have slots right next to the gates....for the people who can't wait to get to the strip when they land, and the people who are trying to break even before they go home.  I've been lucky lately to not have to take the tram for anything.  Not a fan of the tram. Not sure why.  I'm not weird.
3	Ay, what can I say? It's an AIRPORT. By American Airport standards McCarran probably ranks about a four. But anyone who's been to Chiangi Airport in Singapore or Munich Airport or even Bangkok Airport can tell you how inefficiently even the most efficient airport in America operates.Nonetheless, check-in at McCarran was fast and easy and despite the long security line I got through pretty quickly which was great since I was hung over.From there getting to my gate was not a problem. I have to say that TSA at McCarran were the nicest and most laid back I've experienced at any airport in this country. Again, citing my hungover state, it would have been nice to have more food (as in hangover food) venues in my immediate gate area. A smoothy wasn't going to cut and the lone Mexican place had a long line (and the site of margaritas scared me and sent me in the other direction)So for America, not a bad airport.
3	Three stars for the slot machines and excellent people watching. As an airport it's not bad, though the super long walk we had between gates due to the construction was annoying with all our baggage. I'm sure this will be remedied in the future, though!
3	They need better food options. It's dirty and smelly. But what can I expect, its the gateway to sin city!
3	Not a bad airport overall, they have the new security scanners that you are required to go through otherwise they give you a thorough fondling in front of God and everybody...not a fan of that...They are either going to see it or feel it...in detail, so be prepared for that.
4	The only downside to this airport is that I could not find any outlets anywhere near my gate.The waits were not so bad and the bathrooms were clean.
5	I love McCarran Airport!! One of my favorites. The D gates are the nicest at LAS.  It also depends on the gates you are at. The D gates are my favorite. I only had one problem with the TSA agents. They are all rude and expect you to treat them like they are royalty.
3	Like the city of Las Vegas, the McCarran International Airport is always getting an upgrade!PERKS:- Free WiFi- You can gamble at their slot machines!- Their Southwest Airlines are on time! (from the times I've traveled...)DIRTS:- Crazy zoo! People can be pushing you!- Smells like people have been smoking- Not enough places to eat (not cool if you've got a layover)- Directions not quite clear, I wish they posted more signs on where to go. It can be confusing!- Dirty bathrooms (I think they need more lighting and attention)Alas, decent airport that I've been to. Not the best, yet not the worst. It's a 2 hour flight to/from Portland (if you fly straight) and a 1 hour flight to/from LA. I wouldn't mind flying here if I didn't want to drive to Vegas!
4	4/5 purely for the speed of which I got through TSA.  Many security lines to choose from, no waiting, it was a breeze.
3	Yeah, it's an airport.  I have been to Vegas twice lately--once in May, and just last week.  It actually seems like the security has its act together more!  Last May, it took twice as long to get through security as it did this time.  Last time, it was kind of a cluster...  Much better this time around.Like other posters have said, you are sort of limited in dining ($16 for a cheeseburger?!  LAME!)  and do NOT go to the Chili's Too.  They have a limited menu and terrible service!!!!But the bathrooms were clean, and security had improved, so that's pretty sweet!
3	Just another airport. On busy weekends? Be smart get there early as lines can get extremely long. But you do get free wifi. Other than that it's just a place where i try to sober up before i head home...
3	A busy airport.   Lots of shopping and slot machines.  Not really a favorite of mine but not bad either.
3	Rerouted through Las Vegas on a Southwest flight. Quick 45 before jetting off. Slot machines, jewelry, and expensive gift shops everywhere for the big money rollers, cheesy Barry Manilow music for the Don Johnson balding types, strong smell of cigarettes and cool pine air freshener absorbed into the musty air makes me nauseous and overwhelm my senses!If you like to people watch this is a great place for that. Makes me wonder who hit the jackpot and who struck out; who played the big-baller games and who spent their days with bucketfuls of quarters in front of themed slot machines; who broke the rules and who is remorseful; who got a good night's sleep and who is still hammered!Starbucks and Coffee Bean, Miss Fields, Pizza Hut, Hudson News and more.Overall two stars and an extra one for free wifi!
2	This airport is like old Vegas, you know its there, but you just kinda go there to walk through it to get someplace else. It's a very awesome feeling getting off the plane and then immediately be greeted by slot machines. As for everything else at this airport, it's your basic runabout airport with no frills, just a workhorse for the people coming in and out of Vegas for conventions, meetings,  21st bdays, and "crazy" bachelor/ette parties. Be prepared to run into some characters when you roll up in here... Don't be scared, just enjoy it, you see much more when you get into Vegas. I guess this does give this airport some personality and some "charm". So just enjoy your stay!
3	Traveling through McCarran was easy.  The TSA was friendly and helpful.  It's easy to get from place to place.I liked the fact that they had a designated passenger pick-up area, instead of my ride having to circle endlessly at baggage claim to find me.  Especially since he hadn't seen me in four years and might not have recognized me otherwise!
4	Never had a problem here but it is built funny and its always packed. You get off the plane and get the hell outta there. You should be good.
2	This is probably one of the ugliest airports I have ever been to.  The whole place looks dirty and smells like an ashtray. It is so haggard that if you turned the airport into a human, it would look like one of those hung over frat boys doing the walk of shame after a night of debauchery.  The toilets do not flush well.  Some signs posted to tell you where you're headed are a bit confusing. The slot machines scattered around the area are basically slots to dump your left over money (because Vegas wouldn't let you leave with a penny left in your pocket). It makes you wonder where they spend the money on the revenue collected by the slots because it sure as hell not going towards "beautifying" the airport.  The restaurant/food choices are atrocious and they do not provide any quality choices.  When full, the taxi queue moves incredibly slow. I think it's disappointing to see that this city, where glitz and glamour are idealized, has an airport that states otherwise.  I at least expect them to be as nice as San Francisco Airport....but nooooo!  This one makes me feel like I landed in Reno, Nevada. They definitely need to step their game up.
4	I don't even know where to begin. The people in Vegas let alone the Las Vegas Airport are always VERY friendly. They pretend like they know you even though you'll probably never see them again. I had a problem when I was taking a flight to LAX. I'm really not sure if this is LAX's problem (which it is) but if it is also partially McCarran's problem. My flight was supposed to take off at 6:30 and ended up not taking off until past 7. With the pilot and the crew members, we had already been 20 minutes late. After that, they reported over the intercom that LAX had scheduled too many planes to fly in and that we would have to wait an additional time slot before we could leave. Don't know if this was also why we waited the additional 20 minutes at first but like I said, I'm not sure if this is LAX's problem or McCarran's.Whatever it is..I hope I don't run into the same problem the next time I fly out of this airport.On the bright side, this airport taxi's extremely quickly after landing and can get me off the plane within 5 minutes of landing.PS. An extra star for the Welcome to Las Vegas sign and for the slot machines :)
4	Oh, McCarren Airport.  I know you so well.  Where to begin?There are three security checkpoints that lead to different gates (A,B, C, and D).  One takes you to A and B in the older part of the airport.  These gates don't offer a lot in terms of food or enough places to sit, but security is always a breeze to get through.  Another security checkpoint takes you to the C gate, which is an old run down hallway that Southwest uses.  Security is easy to get through, but from what I remember the food choices include several fast food joints ($10 Subway footlongs- yikes) and Cabo Wabo.  They are currently remodeling this gate.  The final security checkpoint takes you to the D gates, which is the newest area of the airport.  Security takes a little longer to get through, but the terminal is bright and fancy and has nice stores and restaurants.  My planes never leave from the D gates.  Sigh.In all, if you follow the signs overhead it's easy to find where you need to go.  Security is pretty easy to deal with and I've never waited an insane amount of time in line, even during the holiday season.  Sunday afternoons can be pretty busy though, so give yourself a little more time if your plane is leaving on a Sunday.  Driving to the airport is easy, parking is easy- it's super close to the strip so it's convenient.  There's a giant taxi staging area that usually moves pretty fast so you can get to your hotel quickly and enjoy your vacation.Tip: If there are only one or two of you getting into a cab, try asking in the taxi area if anyone else is going to the same casino as you.  There are only a handful of casinos on the strip, so you are bound to find someone else to share a cab with.Not the best airport in terms of food choices, sitting, or overall looks, but certainly one of the easiest to deal with.  Plus, nothing greets you to Las Vegas quite like the sound of slot machines as soon as you get off your plane!
4	I love all the advertisement pertaining to the "Fabulous Las Vegas" especially the ones of all the cool new shows they had! I also enjoyed the slot machines they had in every room, but when I say enjoyed I mean from afar because I lost enough money ha ha.The airport was relatively clean, but for it's size I can forgive some minor corners which weren't perfect. I'm a little spoiled since I'm used to the O'Hare airport, being one of the grandest in the country, so don't set your standards too high, its an average airport with relatively friendly staff [for an airport].I like that they had many little shops of relatively diverse food since I don't necessarily like airplane food. I did not indulge on this visit because I was being cheap but maybe next time, I would recommend being patient with your hunger though because the food on the Strip is a lot better. The only reason I actually deducted a star though was because the organizational methods weren't very great unfortunately. It took me and my best friend for ever to find our luggage... Google maps DOES however offer maps of the insides of airports... didn't think of that at the time though, haha..
4	I've flown from Las Vegas McCarran airport twice and in the intervening years, I've seen the airport grow immensely. Virgin used to fly our of a poky little temporary terminal but the new airport is quite impressive.You can certainly tell that you're in Vegas with slot machines in the terminal buildings but there are also more peaceful areas like the exhibit telling the story of the airport from its early years.On arrival, my luggage arrived at the carousel quickly and efficiently. The options to get to your hotel is varied and hard to differentiate which are the better companies. The transfers I've tried have been OK but I'm still hoping to find something more reliable and punctual.On departure, I was hearthened to find that my teddy bear, Teddy found some fellow animals to play with in the terminal!One other bonus is that the airport is almost right next door to the Strip, so make sure you get a window seat because you get some great views of the hotels as you come in to land and on take off
3	Clean, quick to get through security.  Be warned - depending on when you arrive, the taxi lines could be massively long and take about 45 minutes to one hour wait to get a taxi...
2	I may be biased since I'm not a huge fan of Vegas, but this airport is obnoxious, slow, and inefficient. I avoid it whenever possible.
2	It's no wonder why people drive to Vegas from Phoenix. From having to get to your airport an hour before your flight to waiting for your bags at McCarran it is just as fast to drive. I have flown into McCarran about 100 times and whenever I can I don't check in my bags. They have a very slow baggage claim and it is total chaos to get your bag. Must be all the people trying to get to the tables as fast as they can.
3	This is my main airport for arrival/departure to/from Vegas. While it's not up to date like other airports such as the San Jose, Sacramento, or SF airport... it's still quick and efficient. Check in before hand so that all you need to do is print out your boarding ticket/check in your bags. This airport is cool because it's the only airport i've been to that has SLOT MACHINES while you wait!  I was lucky enough to win $10 from a dollar. :) Recently, there has been a lot of construction.. I believe they're attempting to make it look nicer and more up-to-date. Happy Travels!
2	Typical airport with slot machines. At first I thought it would be a fun way to pass time, so I played for a little bit. When I finally ended my game and went off to read, I realized that the machine's volume needed to be turned way down. Outside of the volume issue it was a typical airport.
3	The southwest terminal C needs a facelift.  It smells funny. The terminal also needs healthier food restaurants. Terminal D is quite nice, it has better restaurants and shops. Terminal A and B also need a facelift and better restaurants.  They seem to have a lot of sweet shops. Free wi-fi!
4	Having been stranded here for 7+ hours due to noob weather @SFO, I'd say this is the most dangerous airport to be stuck at.  Surrounded by slot machines taunting you with bright colors and broken promises...this is where some serious damage can be done (as if you're not already a loser to the casinos).  So what the heck did I do?- EAT- Slot machine- SLEEP- Slot machine- EAT- Slot machine- Ride the tram a dozen times and SLEEP- Slot machine- EAT- Stare at empty wallet with sad face- Slot machine- Laugh...cry...and laugh menacingly...and cry- SLEEPI'll never forget it.
3	Only one out of the four terminals in this place is decent.  The others are so old, I think I saw an ad for Geritol.  Do they still make that stuff?Anyway, if this airport was in any other city, I would be giving it two stars.  It's fine, but nothing great.  They really need to put a few of those casino dollars back into the place and update it.  And those mannequins showing old uniforms of people who used to work there?  Scary.  Pretty sure they come alive at night and try to hop on a plane out of there.
3	AKA - LAS. McCarran International Airport has two public passenger terminals. Other terminals service private aircraft, US government contractors, sightseeing flights and cargo.
2	Pretty cool airport. I love the tram that connects one side of the airport to the other. TSA lady I got was a total b! She yelled at me for not pushing my items through when I HAD pushed my items through! She thought the stuff belonging to the guy behind me was mine. Pay attention lady! She made me take off my bracelet and earrings when CDG and LAX didn't. Whatever lady! The TSA guy guy who checked my ticket and ID was really nice though. There are slot machines conveniently located in the airport so Vegas can take any last penny you may still have left over from your visit.
3	Restaurants can be a little far to get to if you're in the wrong terminal.  Also if you have a connection from terminal B to C, you'd better run, because it is about a 12 minute walk.The scenery is nice, and it's all what I hate about Vegas.  Gambling everywhere.  Gambling, security to make sure no one steals anything, cameras, ...
4	This airport is mad easy to get in an out of.  Unless you play slots.  Then you're screwed.   I don't play slots, however, so I moved right along.
3	The opening and closing stop to either being happy or sad.  I think this airport needs a little remodeling and maybe a small expansion.. Kinda outdated. But everything is easy to maneuver through
1	This airport is such a civil engineering nightmare! My latest single point of failure was arriving on Delta and having the trains not working.The contingency play was to run one train. Not bad, but didn't service the 2500 or so people who all tried to jam into it. The escalators never work---methinks they are decorative----like a bad sculpture. Rental car return--problematic as the buses have trouble getting through traffic to the airportTSA-very slow in this airportCabs--cab line in Vegas can be a real zoo. Coming back to the airport via cab can also be a mess as the front of the airport is designed to breed perpetual congestion.Food--limited choicesFor a city which only exists because of tourism, it would be wise for the LV Airport commissioners to study Orlando and implement modern airport design 101.
3	Only airport I know that has slot machines EVERYWHERE!  Luckily I didn't get sucked in...
4	Like Eric R says, what can you say about it? It's an airport. But this is a great airport considering it is Vegas. I love Vegas so much, I come here at lesat 6+ times a year. The other 6+ times, I'm driving to Vegas. Anyways, as you can imagine, there's a lot of opportunities for you to gamble (just slots though) and people watch. You will be amazed at how fun is to watch people at airports. No less the Las Vegas airport b/c there's always something interesting in Vegas.
3	Meh. There is a good selection of food here, but I don't like the tram thing. I guess that is better than walking the whole way. Its also strange that the car rental is a good 2 or more miles away. Better plan your time for the return flight!!
4	We lucked out I think. We were flying out of town after most of the major crowds had flown in the day before. So getting through the airport wasn't bad at all. Didn't really eat or drink anything here since we loaded up on buffet food at the hotel earlier.Put 5 bucks in a slot machine in the terminal and hit for 25. Viva Las Vegas!
3	You can still have last minute casino/gambling/drinking time before you leave!  Or right when you arrive.  Isn't that already unique in itself?Food wise, not too much to choose from, but you get that in many airports.  It does have more variety than others, since it's a pretty big airport, at least!  I also like how you can take a shuttle to your hotel (so take that vs a taxi if you're only with one other person/yourself), and the fact that it's only about 3 miles away from the strip.
2	Accessibility:This airport is actually quite close to the Las Vegas Strip (i.e. 10-15 minutes ride for most hotels) Several options for shuttle service and if you are traveling light I would even recommend taking the Public Transport (a trick I learned after travelling here for the umpteenth time) Location:Towards the South and East end of the strip I would day its about 5 KM from the main dragHotel: not that I know offFood: Quite a few options though I haven't tried many except the main chain offerings.Shops: Duty Free is tiny in the terminal AC flies out (terminal 2) . I didn't have time to check the one in the main terminal (terminal 1) Car Rental: Now this is the most ridiculous part of this airport the car rental depot is way way far from the airport and actually it takes the same time to get to the car rental terminal by free bus that it takes to get to the South end of the strip!Tip: If you are not renting a car (advisable for small group) share a cab with someone as almost everyone is heading to the strip (I even bypassed the line when some called out the name of the hotel I was staying in and jumped the line) One can get here from the local bus service during certain times but off peak one can get here South Strip Transfer Terminal I was regular at this airport for a while then the trips became less frequent but I somehow still manage to come here every once in a while.Terminal 2 is the one I used quite a bit as Air Canada flies here directly. Not a good place to be if you ask me the place is just rotting with old and uncomfortable chair and carpet everywhere. Not much in term of food options or stuff to do to kill time but I guess most direct international flight arrive here. Its also hard to find a shuttle from here though getting a cab or limo is easier as there isn't much of a line up as there aren't many passengers in terms of volume.Terminal 1 fares better as it is much larger. It is starting to show its age though as garish colors and decor makes you want to spend little time here. The bars here push a lot to up sell you a shot or get a bigger glass. Overall this place has strange vibe, you see the energy when people are coming in as they have dreams of winning big or having a blast of time. While the people departing have a subdued sadness (perhaps getting over the hangover or mistakes made) and then there are people who are just doing the math in their head on how much they have lost in terms of gambling money :)
3	Pretty standard airport. Food options were pretty weak, so don't go here hungry. Security lines weren't bad, although we flew out on a Saturday evening. I was impressed by the swiftness and organization in getting people into taxis upon arrival. Oh, and the airport has free wi-fi. I certainly can't complain about that.
4	Las Vegas... the land of possibilty & douchebaggery... and also some secrecy, as well. McCarran. The gateway to the Las Vegas strip. Thoughts of landing here bring nothing but happy thoughts. I don't have too many major complaints. Some of the signs can be confusing if it's one of your first few times landing here. Otherwise, getting to land transportation & baggage claim is fairly straightforward. I usually take Southwest Air into McCarran so the terminal I'm landing at requires a quick tram/light rail ride to the main terminal. There you will find baggage claim, taxis, limos, shuttle service to hotels and the all-important shuttle to the McCarran consolidated car rental terminal. Quick 10 min FREE ride... Please tip the shuttle driver if he helps you with your luggage. It's only polite.Arrival pickup is pretty self-explanatory. Follow the signs if you're driving to find the right level to drive up to. Same thing if you're landing so you know what curbside to be waiting at.See you in a few months, McCarran...
2	flew in an out of international terminal or terminal 2. Very sub par, they need to finish the new international terminal very soon cause this one does not have much to offer accept a shorter wait for a cab.
1	To begin, all the TSA reps were absolute a-holes.  There weren't enough scanners open, but that didn't stop them from checking us in like cattle and shoving us in like sardines creating an absolute log jam in front of the conveyor belts.  And brain trust that is in charge of moving the plastic tubs from the back to the front fell apart so multiple people were scrambling to other packed lines to grab bins then rushing back to save their place in line before it was taken.  And the reps, every single one had serious attitude. Obviously not the best job in the world, but don't take it out on someone else, chief.The food options are shit.  Enough said.The airport in general has a dinginess to it much like walking into Bills or Imperial Palace... Just old and dirty...  It's that type of clean feeling you get from staying in a roach coach: you know it was technically cleaned, but there's still a grimy feel to the entire place.I guess if you come to Vegas you aren't that worried about the airport experience as you might drunk when you get here and hung over when you leave, but if you do either sober, be ready to be let down because this airport is complete crap.
3	McCarran airport is much like Las Vegas itself - huge, sprawling, kitschy, and designed to appeal mostly to tourists. Southwest has more daily departures from LAS than any other airport in their system. Therefore, if you're flying to or from the west coast, chances are good that you might wind up changing planes here. That's a blessing and a curse. On the one hand, the clear, sunny weather that Vegas has nearly every day means odds are low that you'll experience a weather-related delay (compared to say, MDW, for example). On the other hand, the terminals are so sprawled out that you might have a very long schlep from gate to gate.If you're transferring planes here, get your food at whatever airport you're originating from, as I'm willing to bet the options, quality and prices will be better.
4	I won 40 bucks on the slots while waiting for my plane. As far as airports go this place wants to greet you, or send you off with a bang. The fun does not stop in Vegas. My only advice is to get there early because this place is sprawled out and takes you 35 minutes to get to your gate AFTER already checking bags and going through security. I wish the floors were padded though, as I missed my flight and ended up passing out on them...and I use the words "passing out" very literally. Whatever you do, just don't go broke before even getting to the strip.
4	Decent airport, you can "try" win your fortune back at the slots at the airport.  TSA lines looked like it could get very long as the rope maze was an extensive one but it was short when I went and they had all the checkpoints open. (Southwest Airlines)
1	Nascar weekend, 1 shuttle running from TSA to gates, no very smart.  Almost missed my flight.  Also on a time change day.  Your killing me.
5	Always a smooth experience both ways...flying in and out.
4	Decent airport .. 4 stars for the slot machines.
4	The best way to get to Vegas.Quick convenient location close to the strip.Short security lines.Numerous airline optionsFly people, don't drive
4	I like this airport. Why? B/c you get FREE WIFI! I guess you get free wifi b/c you've already lost all your money gambling in Vegas. I wish they had more water fountains though.
2	The people that work here are rude! SFO definitely way better.
4	I think that the concourse I landed in was really nice and bright with lots of windows and very modernized. There are plenty of signs so there is no way to get lost. There are also tons of restaurants and places to shop at when your waiting for your flight out. There are also tons of slot machines for those that like to gamble. One you get to baggage claim its like a zoo especially because they put a casino right in that area. Once you found your baggage claim you will probably be waiting for a little bit because they are slow. Finding a shuttle to your hotel is a breeze because they are many options right outside the terminal. I always use a shuttle like Showtime because its cheaper and you can get a return ticket at the same time. The thing I would mention to everyone is that you need to get to this airport earlier then you think. Most of the airlines have a 45 minutes rule of when you have to be checked in because of how busy the airport is. You can also be standing at security for at least an hour because the amount of people. Security has been pretty easy every time I have left Vegas but I also give myself plenty of time.
3	"What happens in Vegas, ends up on Facebook, Youtube, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, Yelp, and Urbanspoon, just a friendly reminder."There's nothing like landing in an airport and having slot machines (over 1200) striking their moneymaking noises everywhere. Yup, you're in Vegas. This out dated airport is more of a representation of the old downtown Vegas then the more upscale and modern strip.I really wish Clark County had some money they can use to build a new airport. The renovations and expansion of the D gates are an improvement but it still lacks in amenities and capacity as compare to other modern airports that I used.The main deficiencies are dining options. There needs to be more places to eat then just California Pizza Kitchen and Ruby's Diner. It's not exactly what you expect after having extravagant brunches and dinners at some of the best restaurants in the country. A lot of reviews mention the funky, Elvis hip swinging, sleezy casino smell; I didn't notice it in the newer D gates.I do like the friendly service from the people working in the airport to the people running the cab lines to even the TSA security. The security and cab lines look long but it usually goes through pretty fast.If you want to save a few dollars with the cab ride, don't pay by credit card. It's inticing to swipe the card till you find out later they bill you a "voucher" fee of $3 bucks. It's really a ripoff because they don't tell you explicitly it's a fee; instead disguising it in ambiguous wording as a "voucher". Anyways, that's just the start as you will eventually get your shirt taken in the casinos or max out your debit card in the strip bars. Well, just consider that the entertainment cost. Love the free wi-fi though. Don't forget to try your luck at the slots before you board. Give your last dime away before the next trip.
4	Compared to LAX and O'Hare, this place is a cakewalk.  The security lines can get long, but that's of any airport servicing a busy city.  At least here there are stores, restaurants, and slots (if you're out of your mind) to keep you entertained.Nobody likes going to the airport, it's always a hassle.  Once you get past that, and compare McCarran to other hubs, they do a nice job of keeping things efficient and entertaining.
1	We were flying from vegas and the to phoenix and then denvet and then sioux falls. We were told we would have to get our last boarding pass in denver, they were not able to print it for us in las vegas, unless we payed more. Even though our tickets were already payed for. We knew we would not have enough time to get that done when we landed in denver,we wouldnt have enough time for all 5 of us toget tickets and go back through security. Then we were given the wrong gate number at las vegas airport and almost missed plane, not a good experience, luckily they know what their doing in phoenix, they helped us get boarding pssses. Not sure what the problem was seems like they wanted to getrid of us in stead of helping us. Worst airport ever.
4	On my way out of town been through this place a few times,  it's not too bad if you have done it before.   I started off with long term parking, 8$ day, catch the shuttle, they drop you off downstairs, and you catch the escalator upstairs to the ticket check in counters.  Once you have a boarding pass, it's off through one of four line, A, B, C or D gates, they can all be long at some time or another, so come earlier to allow enough time to get through.Once I get through security check in, I usually have to take a shuttle to my gate.  A short shuttle ride and a walk and I'm at the gate.  There is plenty of things to do, food, book store, gaming, even shops to spend a few dollars.  Coming back is just as easy, after leaving the plane, catch the shuttle to baggage claim, and out the door to the shuttle.  They take you to the isle closest to your parked car, be sure you have written the number of your parking stall down.  After you make it to the exit, you can use a credit card to pay, I always ask for a receipt if it is work related, so I can get reimbursement.  Overall, an easy airport for travel, and just as easy for passenger pick up.
2	So-so.  The things I like about this airport:  good transportation options that are easy to find; security lines are usually not too bad even when there are a ton of people; free wi-fi; slot machines!   But there are so many things that are poor/gross about this place:  everything looks/feels grimy; smells like cigarette smoke; poor food options; overcrowded gates with too little seating.
3	Just fine, no complaints or compliments.
2	This place isn't terrible, but it's a bit of a mess.Checking in is a breeze, which is nice. There are check in computers that serve all airlines, which makes it easy. That's kind of where the niceness stops.Despite a long security line, they only had two x-ray machines open, which meant I waited in long line to show my boarding pass, and then an equally long line to go through the metal detector. They weren't short staffed, so why make it so hard?The terminal felt a little dingy-not necessarily dirty, but it felt a little decrepit. I guess the key is to make it you can try to spend the least amount of time possible here.
5	i love this airport because when i get off the airplane i'm in Vegas. sweet.
5	I can't believe our airport only has three stars. With free wifi, super fast baggage delivery, humorous security videos, ads the size of highway billboards, and hundreds of electronic checking stations, airplane travel has never been so glamorous. Today I left the strip in a cab at 4:35 for a flight scheduled to leave at 5:20. I arrived at McCarren at 4:43 and was seated on my flight at 5:10 after buying a bottle of water and withdrawing money at a credit union ATM on the way. Small airports are never this efficient. Or fun.
4	Fast check in,fast TSA.
3	Other than SFO, nicest non pervy douchey TSA. Food options aren't world class either, unless you like burger king and pizza hut.
4	Slot machines, bars to wait for your flight, fast baggage service. There's usually a long taxi line, but I've learned my lesson and rented a town car for quick service.
4	Wow, I'm surprised to see the overall rating of LAS. 99% of the time I'm flying in and out of here from CA and it's always fine. I've been on a layover here from NY and I can't recall if I had to change planes but it was fine too. There was one New Years Day several years back that it was a complete cluster but the nice new terminal D is usually where I'm in and out of. I really like it and the tram to/from is nothing like the the Dallas skylink - you are there in a few seconds. I tend to do check in at the curb to save myself any hassle inside. One of my favorite places here has got to be Ethel M Chocolates - yummm, such a nice little treat. I'll pop in and grab a few to bring back to my son. Good stuff! I also have my routine stop off at Brighton for a piece of jewelry (unless of course, I lost real hard). Plenty of places to grab a bite to eat or a drink and c'mon really, you can play slot machines in an airport. Doesn't get too much better than that (It's not Heathrow) but it's good. Baggage claim is down stairs and always fine. Taxi line can get a tad crazy at times but it's Vegas!
4	This review is mostly for the Tram/Terminal DI wasn't a fan of the "original" McCarran airport...you know the one I am talking about....where it feels like you are stepping back to 1974 with the retro carpet, loud slot machines, scents of cigarettes, sights of  grandmas spending their very last $8 in the slots while almost missing their flight back to reality.  I think this is the main terminal and it is still there...but thankfully via JetBlue...I don't have to spend much time in that one.But the most recent trip landed me in the Jet Blue Terminal D - which is the new terminal.  Other than the hassle of catching a tram and waiting 15 minutes in the cab queue (which I understand the power of the Mob/Unions - but seriously this city should have made the tram run from the airport to the Strip), this airport is pretty good.Food choices are good.  (Cinnabon, Starbucks, a pizza place, a burger place, and literally a half-dozen other places that I can't recall at this moment).  I do however recall that I would have eaten at one of them except for the fact that I was going on 12 hours sleep for this 3-Day March Madness Guy-Trip weekend) and wanted to sit in a seat facing south looking over the tarmac and watching the planes and zzzzzzzzzzzzz.The Terminal is very clean, modern, bright, and open.  A couple of desert turtle statues, a couple of model airplanes next to the escalator  which appear to be "taking off" when heading up or "landing" when heading down the escalator (which I thought was pretty creative).Bathrooms are clean.  Wi-Fi is great.  Security was relatively quick.
3	As a McCarran employee of more than 2 years now, & an air traveler of domestic & international airlines, I have given McCarran 3 stars. For being the airport of Vegas, & in comparison to other airports, LAS actually isn't ever too crowded or busy. The security lines aren't unreasonably slow. If they are, we all know what type of passenger to blame! Although there are rude TSAs here & there. But what other government employee is different? The selection of your airline can really make or break your experience. Many people get lost in this place. There's bars, resturants, & fast food selections. & how can you forget our slot machines? However, LAS doesn't get 5 stars from me for it's overall atmosphere. It's pretty gloomy in the main terminal & areas can get really messy. It needs updating on it's old airport looks. The place really isn't too clear of where you're suppose to go because of the somewhat confusing signs.  One thing I also wish is that this place was more Vegas welcoming. But overall, the most important thing is that things run smooth around here. You can come an hour to an hour & a half before departure, & you can make it to your plane! Don't forget to look out for the many celebrities we run into.
4	Considering how many airlines go in and out of this place, it's rather impressive.I flew into here last week and had no problems... Arriving / departing out of the D gates requires using the tram over so keep that in mind.I booked my flight through US Air but it was operated by United... SO when I went to the kiosk and entered my confirmation code it would not work. I had to ask the lady for help and it went right through with her access card.I was running behind schedule and arrived at the airport an hour before I was scheduled to leave, and I walked right into my gate and they were boarding. So mid week during the spring it takes about 35 minutes to go start to finish.Fun slot machines if you get bored, easy access to rental cars and all airlines... Just an overall good airport.
2	For being such an airport with so much traffic, this one is very lacking.  Out of all of my stops at McCarran, I've yet to find even a place worth eating at.  It's dark and dirty and has an air of sadness.  Maybe because the travelers are headed home with much lighter wallets.  Either way, Las Vegas needs to make some changes here.
4	Totally adequate airport.  Flew in and out of here last week and had good experiences.  One of my flights was delayed, but I blame that on the airline.  I went one of the bars and had a good experience.  The baggage claim area and security were fine too.
2	Being the airport of Las Vegas I guess I expected a little bit more from this arport. I love the idea of having slots in the terminals for that last ditch effort to cash in a big win, but really there is not much else to this airport.One good thing is that the airport offers free wifi. That's pretty much it.Food is pretty sparse from my experience. A lot of the service desks were shut down and people were just kind of huddled everywhere because there wasn't much room. It's just kind of a dank room you're in. I know airports aren't glitzy, but this place could use a good scrub down.Maybe they want the airport to be as seedy as the reputation of it's strip has? If that's the case then they sure are doing a great job.
4	Very efficient!  There wasn't a long wait for my bag to arrive on the conveyor belt when I arrived and then when I left Vegas, the security line moved quickly and efficiently.  Why can't all airports be so easy!  It's really close to the Strip - you can see the glitzy hotels shining from afar.  It is a bit outdated, but hey it's just a means to an end, I'm not going to be picky as long as I can get on my flight in an efficient manner.  Nothing much to look at inside the airport, but when you leave Vegas, the only thing you should be wanting to do is SLEEP!
3	The only thing remarkable, and noteworthy about this airport is the slot machines. They are everywhere! Expect hearing the sounds of slot machines as you get off the plane, and as you board to go home.The taxi stand can have a ridiculously long wait, so be sure to keep an eye out for lines opening up down the sidewalk. Also, the Southwest check-in line can be ridiculous in the mornings. It doesn't seem to matter when you are leaving Vegas. Just be sure to get to the airport early, to give yourself enough time to check in and get through security.
2	1.5 stars, rounded up because one star reviews make me so sad.Foolish me was not paying attention while planning a trip and ended up here with a five hour layover beginning at 9pm.  We were headed home to Hawaii, and thought it would be fine.  Land, grab some food, catch some sleep, hop on the plane, continue our sleep, and be home in time for breakfast with friends.  I did not count on the airport not being ready to help me with my plans.Why, oh why, in an airport with flights at all hours of the day and night, would all of the restaurants close at 9pm?  Why would the only things open be the news stand and a pizza hut serving whatever had been under the heat lamp for the past few hours?  Why, oh why, would there be no signs telling people how to get from the main terminal to the itty bitty terminal one needs to find to check into Hawaiian Airlines?  And why when you find your way to the itty bitty terminal would there be nothing warning you that you won't get to check in until an hour before your flight, no matter that the pre-security waiting area is nothing more than a line of empty counters and a few scattered seating areas?  No food, hidden restrooms, and no space for the plane-full of people who assembled, waiting for the check-in process to begin.  Most of my layover was spent standing, waiting for someone to fire up the computer.  I've never cursed having checked luggage more than for this flight, not even the time I moved from Germany to Korea with a 6 year old and 9 bags all weighing 70 pounds each.  Because the flight was not available for check in ahead of time, I had to stay ahead of the high school group which filled the entire coach section of the plane.  There were a few hundred teenagers, their adult handlers, and a few scattered families and other late night travelers. We were easy to pick out, as we were the only ones not wearing the school colors (maroon and white) and we were the ones battling to be first in line so we could find places to sit once we made it past security.At some point during my endless purgatory, a friendly worker asked me if I had enjoyed my time in Vegas.  I explained that  I had been to Vegas before, and enjoyed it very much, but that this was just a layover.  I also told him that this was quite possibly the worst airport experience I'd had in 40 years of air travel, and that if I never returned to Vegas it was simply because I wanted to avoid this airport.Obviously, I have realized that the on-the-spot review might have been a bit harsh, so I've settled on rounding up to two stars instead of down to one. The rounding up has everything to do with the staff, almost all of whom were friendly and as helpful as they could be, considering the constraints of the actual airport.
3	Honestly, this airport deserves a 2.  The airport is old and run-down.  The bathrooms are dirty.  The terminals are SO LONG - can we get more of those moving walkways?!  All 4 terminals (A,B,C,D) leads to the same baggage claim area so it's a huge cluster.  The taxi line is fairly efficient so that's okay.  Overall, it's a 2 star airport.BUT since it's the gateway to Sin City, I'll give it 3 stars.
3	When they say arrive 2hrs before your flight, they mean it.  It will absolutely take you that long on a good day when security isn't packed.  We arrived with only minutes to spare before boarding.  The problem? The airport is ridiculously huge and spread out.  The car rental center is 15 -20 minutes away from the actual airport and you may need to wait for the shuttle bus to arrive.  Then, if you have to check a bag, it will be another good wait since there are the bare minimum # of people working (at least at Delta).  Next comes the security gates, which if you are going to "D", be prepared to walk for awhile.  And they are not in a hurry either.The restrooms you pass as you enter the TSA line are the last for the next 20 miles. Or at least it feels that way when your Vente Iced coffee has passed through your system and you're about to burst. After the whole security mess, you will stand and wait for a tram, and that will drop you in an empty atrium.  That has no bathrooms at all.  Take the escalators for an elevation gain of 1K feet and just past the 100th set of slot machines, you will find your mecca.  The restrooms.  Ah, sweet relief.  Don't make the same mistakes I did.If you are arriving, be prepared to deal with baggage claim.  The depository for every single bag for every single person on every possible flight arriving from Vegas.  While there are plenty of amenities in the main areas and even more slot machines, I would hate to be stuck here for any amount of time.  Mostly because when you're done in Vegas, you just want to get the heck out of town.  And leave it all behind.
2	Every time I fly into this airport, I dislike it more. Of all the places to connect, you think this would be the one of the nicest...it most certainly isn't. It's always crowded and filled with hung-over-hipsters. All the food I've had is awful and this place feels like purgatory. Avoid it if you can.
3	Its an airport with slot machines and blue burrito. WIN WIN BABY!Between work and visiting my family I'm here about once every two months or so. While its not a big airport, it is spread out. If you drove a rental car, make sure you are at the rental agency at least 2 hours before takeoff. It takes about 15 - 20 minutes to get to the airport from the rental agency. Also the lines at the airport are long at the ticket counter, skycap, and security.Once you get in there are 24/7 bars and restaurants. So if the weather is bad at your part of the country you'll be happy and safe in in the airport. If your a gambler there is slot machines all over the airport. Also there is a few shops that carry souvenir items. I usually end up at Ethel M or at Big Blue Burrito. I love there breakfast burrito!
3	I'm on the fence with this airport.  The taxi line can be a disaster.  If there are more than 4 of you, grab a limo.  There is no wait and it's much faster.  The airport itself is spread out way to thin.  If you have connecting flights on Southwest, be prepared to walk from B to C or vice versa.  No tram.  Kind of silly if you ask me.  Getting off the plane is easy though.  Direct to baggage claim and then your off.  The longest portion is the taxi line.
4	Cha Ching! Ding ding ding ring a ling! Haha what a way to arrive and leave Vegas I tell you. Slots everywhere! If you can't wait for The Strip in all of its glory, well the airports got you covered! Upon arrival, there was no congestion getting through the airport to get to baggage claim and the bags arrived promptly. The taxis and buses and shuttles are all on the first floor, with huge over head signs that lead the way. If you get confused, all the floor staff member are extremely helpful, telling you exactly where and how to reach your destination. (Don't go outside to wait around and ask because it's a health hazard out there with all that smoke!) By the exit was a photobooth to capture your defined moments of Vegas with props and everything. The taxis are organized and there are lines for everything. I appreciate that quickness and connivence of this airport, knowing that people want to get in and out. Coming back to board home, love how Southwest alongside other airlines have indoor and outdoor baggage check in! Triples the efficiency and quickness to getting boarded. Security was a nightmare even at 530am, but the TSAs got it together and got people to where they needed to be. Remember slots slots slots! Time matters when you arrive at an airport such as LAS since of the constant incoming traffic of people, so come early arrive late where the flow of traffic isn't so bad.
3	For the amount of people who travel through here, I am quite impressed at the efficiency through security. There was a long line at gate D , yet we were always moving at a good pace. There are also plenty of stores, gaming machines , and food to keep you entertained while there. My only complaint is that there is a lot of walking involved to get to your gate. Would be tough if you were rushing to catch your flight.Also getting to and from airport to strip is easy with the shuttles (6-7 dollars) or a taxi ($20-30) .
4	All I can say is "WOW!" This was my first time to McCarran Airport and I was blown away by all of the wonderful sights! I absolutely loved that the slot machines were in the airport and they were all occupied. Not to mention, the variety of shops and little carts that could literally drain your wallet before you hit The Strip. I could not get over the size of this place! IT'S ENORMOUS! Compared to crappy LAX, I had airport envy. Another aspect the blew me away was the fact that we had to take a shuttle to take us to the rental car center and that was awesome in itself!  The rental center is literally a compound that has a nice waiting area. The shuttles were quick and easy to check and there wasn't an insane amount of traffic (which I expected). Bravo, McCarran!
3	Yes, this is the primary airport in Las Vegas that everyone likely has or will use at some point when traveling here. Yes, there are slot machines if you are waiting for your flight and/or want to win some money outside of the Vegas Strip. In terms of food, no, I am generally not a fan of airport cafes and restaurants only because of their high prices and that doesn't translate to quality food either.The layout of the airport itself can be confusing at times and traffic in general can also be a nightmare at times, especially with all the cars, busses and taxis passing through. Also, you have to take one of the shuttle busses to get to their consolidated car rental center, which is about a 10 minute ride. On the other hand, if you're going from the rental car center back to the airport, you have to make sure you catch the right numbered bus, since one of them goes to the international terminal and the other to the domestic terminal and obviously you don't want to delay your travel time by like 30 minutes or so.When wrapping up my second time doing sightseeing in and around Las Vegas, my early afternoon flight got cancelled due to mechanical issues with a plane, so that forced me to stay an extra two hours until the next available flight back to home. I would like to see more seating at all the gates and overall more room to manuever, and again it's because of the high volume of foot-traffic that passes through on a regular basis. There are a few charging stations throughout the airport, but I think they need to add them at all the waiting areas and gates since the existing stations are always busy and there are a limited number of outlets and seats. Better yet, after spending quite some time in Vegas (and not even gambling, partying or drinking), I think I just wanted to get the hell out of there as quickly as possible, but as mentioned above, that wouldn't happen right there and then. The free wifi was rather inconsistent, at least while I was waiting (unless it was my laptop that kept freezing and having technical issues).Security checkpoint is pretty efficient and gets people though rather quickly, which I do like and am impressed with. I guess one other nice thing is that the airport is next door to the Vegas strip, so it's not too bad a location itself.
4	I am giving this airport 4 stars instead of 3 stars because as soon as you step off the plane, they get you!  What I mean by that is simply, you will see slot machines as soon as you step a foot into Las Vegas soil...err...concrete...umm...carpet...well, atmosphere!  You know you are in Las Vegas, and if you are someone that is prone to gamble, you will get caught in the mix!  This is a smaller airport, yet congestion was not really an issue when I went through.Viva Las Vegas baby!
2	As if losing all your money on the strip from gambling, expensive restaurants, and pricey shopping didn't hurt enough...you leave Las Vegas through a neglected airport with filthy bathrooms, poor dining options and limited seating. I know it is just a port of entry/departure but dang, couldn't the hotels chip in a tiny bit to make a good impression for travelers?  I added one bonus star for their no - smoking enforcement.
3	I feel ike this airport has definitely improved overtime.  However there are still some things lacking.  The restaurants need some major revamping.  One thing I LOVE about Vegas is the amazing selection of high end cuisine.  The airport doesn't have much and what they have isn't really great.  I do like how there are slot machines to keep me entertained if my flight is delayed or if I'm only stopping for a layover.
3	Arriving:This airport is streamlined well. One thing that sets this place apart from other is they have different sections for the different modes of transportation you are wanting to take. We took a taxi to our hotel and getting one was a breeze. You get in one big line that the employee at the front direct you to a numbered line where there is a new taxi every time one pulls out. We didn't have to wait more than 2 minutes to be on the road. Departing:The line to security was long but went by quickly. They had 4 different lines that broke down to 2 separate lines from there. There were employees everywhere that reminded you how to proceed through the line efficiently. There were places to eat everywhere, so no matter what terminal you were at you didn't have to go far to get something. There were a couple of recharging stations but they always seemed to be full with people that were there for a while. They could have used more plug-ins around. For those who like to gamble there were plenty of slots around to pass the time and you are able to drink in the airport.As far as airports go, I'd have to say this is number one.
4	Time allotted to go through security: you won't need the full hour-and-a-half to go through security for domestic flights, but I would suggest arriving at least an hour before your flight.  This is a busy airport, and people are always coming and going.  Security is quite thorough, and it takes a while to get through.At first, I wasn't too impressed with this airport.  For such a big city, I expected a fancier airport.  However, in time, I have grown to appreciate this airport.  I mean who needs stuff at the airport when you can have the world at your fingertips 15 minutes away on the Strip.I like this airport because it's quick and easy, in-and-out.  There are 6 shuttle companies located right outside the exit.  You can get to the strip for about $6-$7 in 15-30 minutes.  I have used CSL and Executive.  Both are good.  CLS hands you a Las Vegas funbook with some great coupons.  Executive is a bit slower than CLS, You'll get there soonish, and for $7 you can't really complain.For incoming flights, I think it's cheaper and faster to use the shuttle.  I feel like every time I take a cab in Vegas, they always try to swindle you, by taking the long route or complaining that you didn't tip them enough for their "hard work".   Correct me if I'm wrong, but 20% is standard, and some would consider it generous.  In any case, if you end up in a cab, it's usually between $20 - $30 between the airport and the Strip.  This is comparatively cheap compared to other major cities (New York JFK is $45, plus fees and tip; San Francisco $50 plus fees and tip).  That makes $20-$30 look like a steal.Added bonus: there is a post office inside the airport, and it's really close to the security gate.  Another benefit of having a small airport is that things are close together.  This is good for two things: (1) if you have inadvertently left something in your bag - liquid that is more than 3 ounces, a knife or sharp object, you can just mail it yourself.  I didn't take a close inspection to see what kind of services they had after hours, but at least the full ranger of services are available when they are open.  I noticed that they had a envelope drop open after-hours.  I suppose if you had a pre-paid priority envelope handy, you could mail it.  (2) I love to mail my postcards from the destination, but sometimes it can be so hard to find a mailbox.  This is it!Second bonus: they have lockers.
3	Ugh, this airport is SO CONFUSING. There are so many damn luggage carriers and it's always so difficult to find the right one!This airport is definitely not up to date, but I guess I give it 3 stars just because there are slot machines in it... and because it's Vegas and when I land in Vegas, I'm suddenly THAT much happier.
2	Oh LV Airport, you scare me. No, your security line up people scare me. The yelling. WHY MUST YOU YELL? See, that's not nice. It makes people not want to listen to you when you yell. Next time, be nice.The airport itself is fine, but the gates get too packed, and you find yourself STANDING without a seat, and that sucks, especially when you're tired. Oh well.
3	Meh...Is it an airport or an extension of the strip? You decide...P.S. Definitel plus: I can get organic specialty chocolate there at Ethel M - its AMAZING!!! Hands get slapped for even breathing on the box at my house.
3	Well, what can I say about the main airport serving the Las Vegas area? Honestly, McCarran International is not that much different than any other airport in most aspects. In fact, it is honestly a bit outdated and seemed to be lacking in shops and restaurants to keep one busy while waiting for their flight. In addition, the facilities seemed to be outdated, and could have used a good cleaning, in my humble opinion. So why give McCarran three stars instead of one or two? Well, as many others have pointed out, this airport is littered in slot machines. In fact, they are literally the first thing you see when arriving at the airport for the first time. It is kind of funny in a way. Does everyone enjoy gambling or slot machines? Probably not, but I mean come on, if you are visiting Las Vegas, chances are this is what you came to do. Plus, it is just such a novelty to me seeing slots in an airport that I had to bump McCarran up to three stars.
4	For being such a big airport, it is very easy to get around in. This place is unique in that as soon as you embark off the plane, the sounds of Vegas are right there.
3	First the good.There is free WIFI and it's actually pretty quick.  I was able to download a TV show in just 30 minutes.  While significantly slower than being at home, it's much faster than most airport WIFI setups.The security here is fast, at least if you're in first or can use the first security lines.  They have a whole setup from start to finish just for the first class line, unlike most airports which force a merge after checking IDs.  This is helpful because of one of the major downsides of McCarran.Now the bad.My major problem with McCarran is the terminals are not connected airside. Not only are the terminals not connected, but sections inside Terminal 1 which could be easily connected are not.  In order to take advantage of the United Club in 1D when you are flying out of 1 A,B or C you must go through security twice.  When taking the tram to D you can literally see through a glass door to the A,B,C corridor.  Why is this door closed?  It must be better for business to allow passengers access to more shopping, dining and lounges?The older A,B,C section of Terminal 1 is well...old.  Parts of it are closed or empty and there really aren't a lot of shopping and dining options.  Here's one big reason to allow access to the D gates.McCarran was clearly designed with the pre 9/11 security world in mind.If you're flying out of Terminal 1 make sure you don't come too early. You won't have anything to do.  Maybe that's why they have all the slot machines.
2	Disgusting.  Going to this airport is like going to the shittiest casino ever.  It smells, looks and acts like a shitty casino.  The good news is that if you're in Vegas for the first time the airport gets you ready for what you're in for.  Lots of smoke, lots of slot machines, lots of badly dressed people and lots of bad tattoo choices.  If I could upgrade this review by a half star for the awesome people watching, I would.
3	It's an airport with slot machines... Seeing as I don't gamble... It's an airport. that about sums it up.
3	Blech. This is not one of my favorite airports, though high five for them cleaning this place up a bit. If I didn't know better, I think they got rid of the smoking areas. They were absolutely disgusting. Coming in, I have no idea why it was so hard to get through and get luggage and going home, there was just as much trouble. It's not a huge airport, so I'm not sure what the issue is. Food places are gross and I ended up throwing away an entire meal from some Baja Fresh place (or something like that) because it was inedible. And I don't throw food away. I will say they are very efficient in running those taxi lines. They've got a great system going and get people through very well. It's an airport so it is no blast, but some pull it off better than others.
2	Pretty outdated airport and not "TECH" friendly .. I enjoyed the FREE Wi-fi but only good for web surfing, InstaGram or FB'ing and definitely NOT streaming. Tip for McCarran International Airport: #1 "MUST" for travelers .. OUTLETS!!!
4	It's the airport in Vegas.  It's pretty clean and I like they have slot machines so if you're waiting and still feeling lucky, there's that. I usually fly southwest and appreciate the layout.  Even if you miss your flight there's usually another one in an hour and half and you can usually catch it on standby (to LAX that is).  The restaurant choices suck but you're in Vegas, you should have planned better!  Next time grab a sandwich from Earl of Sandwich or eat first.  Security doesn't seem to hassle you much so it's quick to get through.  They use those new body scanners.  Free wifi hells yeah!
3	Won $14 playing the penny slots, oh yeeaaah...
4	Slot Machines in the airport? Hell Yes! It is a very nice airport and HUGE as well. You need a tram just to get to your gate lol. Really nice though, and I (so far) have always enjoyed flying in here.
4	I am constantly traveling and I go to Vegas several times a year.  This is by far my favorite airport in the United States!  Easy to navigate around, a view of the strip upon landing, and lots of Vegas-related advertisements that make you excited!Plus renting a car has never been so easy with the convenient shuttle to and from the airport. :)
3	It's an OK airport. Since I've only been there a few times, I cant say the worst possible thing about it but security can sometimes be difficult, its a large airport, so it spreads out in many different directions, many floors and the information desks are useless.I can't get any change for bus fare because I'm under 21 and the dumb asain cow who's THE CHANGE PERSON thinks im going to play the slot machines. It's literally impossible to ask for change without having a counter person questioning your age and denying change unless you purchase something.The terminals are okay-either filled with slots of some australian gay porn. The terminals can be fun to walk around, and the airport seems to have a ton of people in it-contstantly, and at every hour too!
3	I grew up in Las Vegas so I've been here a zillion times. The security lines can be long during peak travel times (Fri and Sun afternoons), there's a nice variety of food chains and random and expensive stores. I always pray I get to fly out of the A and B gates since it is waaaay less crowded and there's never a line for security. Since it's a big airport, it can take a long time to get from your car to checking in your luggage to your gate, so allow for some extra hiking time. Of course there's cheesy Las Vegas crap all over the place and slot machines, but that's what makes this place so... Vegas. The TSA clowns are usually pretty easy-going and apparently the taxi lines are realllly long. So save time ad hire a limo. It probably costs about the same. Also, free Wi-Fi!!
3	Your average airport. Not much different than any other, really, except for the slot machines inbetween terminals. Oh, and for such a smoker state, they sure make it difficult to smoke between your next flight. Doh!
2	This is a crappy airport especially considering its freaking Vegas. Can't the mega fancy resorts throw a couple bucks at this place and actually make it nice. It is functional and right on the strip, but other than that I can't name one good thing about it.
3	Everyone who works here is very slow. I asked a lady if anything was gluten free and I wanted to make sure that it contained none because I am allergic.
3	Busy airport.  Hallways are a bit packed and gate C there isn't really great resturants to enjoy.  Mostly fast food with not many heathly options.  Flights are generally on time and has free wifi.  Decent aiport though.
4	Having flown into and out of Vegas's McCarran International Airport recently I noticed a most pleasant surprise...they have the smoking aquaruim once again (enclosed, clear glassed area with slots, ashtrays and surly smokers).  Now only if they could just provide free wi-fi it might just pick up that last star from me, then again none of the hotels in Fremont even offered free wi-fi so why would McCarran International Airport.  Eitherway, a nice consideration for the flying smoker population in Sin City.
4	The single queue to lead into the security gates is logical, but very uncomfortable. It leads to being boxed in 10 people deep in any direction while walking through a maze. Everything else is easy to navigate and all-in-all this is a nice airport.
3	Let's see... If you fly into LAS on one of the other carriers like United, Southwest, Delta, etc., you're essentially in the newer section of the airport. Some gates have trams that take you from curbside to the outlying terminals. For us flying into the airport on Hawaiian or Omni, you arrive at Terminal 2. It does the job, but it's small and a little cramped for an International terminal and the waiting areas are also quite small and the chairs are old. That's all supposed to change in the near future when Mc Carran opens up it's new terminal three. It's supposed to have larger, more open spaces, be more passenger friendly, have more shops and restaurants, etc.  How nice, I wonder what will be in store for us when we deplane into the new facility, bigger baggage claim areas, more slot machines??? hehe... But all kidding aside, it should be something we can all be comfortable with when we first reach Vegas or when we are leaving our beloved ninth island to come home! Also, hopefully ground transportation will be more rider friendly too. This review will be updated as soon as I experience that new facility soon!http://www.vegasinc.com/news/2012/feb/08/sneak-peek-inside-look-mccarrans-terminal-3/
5	I stand corrected. They do have free wi-fi!  M.I.A., a five star airport indeed!
3	As a heads up, McCarran is one of those airports you definitely want to show up early to! I normally fly American and the lines are horrible. The line to check in, even using a kiosk, can take a half hour or more to get through if you need to check a bag. The security checkpoint is also usually congested, though I do love their silly briefing video. It never gets old.But as long as you get there with time to spare it is a solid airport. Lots of free power outlets for charging a laptop or phone. I have also never had a bag lost or experienced a delay at this airport which makes me a happy traveler.
3	I realized I couldn't go through security with my Starbucks, so quickly tried to slam it back before I hit the massive lineup.  While waiting on the bridge, a huge commotion ensued in the checkin area below.  Some guy was screaming "WOULD SOMEBODY PLEASE HELP ME!!" over and over again.  It sounded like he was being attacked... though after a few minutes, it was apparent he maybe was having a "bad trip."  Next thing you know... a good old fashioned tasering!  Yes indeed, I must say this WAS my first live tasering incident.   Well, I have to hand it to McCarran...  if someone is being a pain in the ass, they don't mess around.  Otherwise?  It's ok.  Come early, because security can be hit with LONG lineups.  Oh, and despite the horrible odds, I still made $40 on the slots while waiting for my flight.
4	Compared to LAX this place is luxurious! It's for the most part clean and efficient with good eateries to be had. It's a great place for people watching. Take a look around and notice everyone has a little Vegas haze still on their faces that can't be washed off for days.
3	Great on entry and pretty terrible on the way out. Probably due to my hangover. Luggage area is a zoo. Duck the taxis and grab a town car for $10 more and 45 minutes less wait.
4	What's not to like about this Airport? You're in Vegas, they have slot machines everywhere, and even the ads plastered on the walls are epic! And if you're traveling with me the airport will probably be one of the last few blurry memories of your stay in Vegas.
2	Airports suck and this one is no exception.
2	Oddly smells like popcorn..but in that "covering up a smell" bad way.
4	Nothing says"Welcome to Vegas" quite like a casino set up inside the airport!  It seems like as soon as you get off the plane you're hit with the blinking lights and ding ding of the slot machines.  But seriously, let's get to the important part.  FREE Wifi!!!  Do I need to say anymore about that?The other important part, the food choices.  I hate when the only thing offered in an airport is fast food options or sit down restaurants.  I want a nice balance that's fast and not fried.  There weren't many of those choices, unless you wanted to grab a pre-made sandwich from one of those corner grab and go stations.  Meh.  Good thing was you can scrounge up something and at least there are options.  I've been to some airports were there's hardly anything in the terminal you're parking it at for 2 plus hours.  Thee worst!Another plus, it's literally minutes from The Strip.  Being from a city (Pittsburgh) that has an airport more than 20 minutes outside the city limits, that's a big plus!  I want to get to the party fast and leave all my "sins" quickly:)
3	I always love coming to this airport. As soon as you land you get the Vegas experience. There are slot machines, casino flare, overpriced food and tons of exceptional people watching to be had here. If you're staying at the MGM you can easily check in at their both in the airport.As far as airports go it's one of the more organized places that I've traveled through. There's a tram that guides you to your gate after bag check in as well. Stay close to your party because you can easily get separated or lost from your party. Also be awake for your landing as well. You don't want to miss the view of the strip from the air.
3	Viva Las Vegas,...this is where begins and ends for most of us!
4	Wow, this is a big airport!  And it has copious amount of slot machines for those who just can't wait.  There's a nice selection of typically overpriced stores and restaurants to enjoy while you wait.  I found it to be well-organized, waited for a minimal amount of time to go through security, and loved that the check-in kiosks could be used for any of the airlines.The staff was friendly and they have free wi-fi!
4	Great airport, easy to get through, friendly staff from parking lot to take off! Free wifi is the BEST!
1	Flying into this airport is fine - but get there SUPER early if you're flying out. We were flying Southwest from Las Vegas to Milwaukee, and had the worst airport experience of our lives. We arrived over two hours early, to be met with what looked like a reasonably sized line at check-in. In a few moments, we realized that the line abruptly broke off and wrapped around the back of the building. We made our way to the end of the line, but, 45 minutes later, when we reached the point where the line split to make way for people entering the building, a shuffling mishap by a security guard caused us to get turned around on the way to the next part of the line. When we tried to explain what happened to another security guard, he thought we were trying to jump ahead in the line and sent us to the back. We tried to explain what had happened, along with the ten people with us who had also gotten turned around, and he refused to listen. We wound up back at the end of the line.We missed our flight, and when we explained what was happening to the check-in attendant, she told us that we could fly stand-by, but that it was unlikely we would get a flight today, because they were overbooked as it was. She said that for an additional two hundred dollars a piece, we could guarantee a spot on another flight, and in the future, we should get to the airport more than an hour in advance. When we told her when we arrived, she said that it was impossible that we had been there for two hours, because the line was only 45 minutes long. We showed her our taxi receipt, and she got on the phone with her manager, saying that we had ALLEGEDLY gotten here two hours earlier and had been to the back of the line multiple times due to an ALLEGED mishap. A manager finally came out, looked at our receipts, and okay-ed the sale of the tickets at no additional cost, but the attendant rolled her eyes and used the world ALLEGEDLY about seventeen times. Taking a half hour to resolve our issue no doubt held up the line even further, and caused other people delays in their travel. Meanwhile, as we were waiting, the disorganization of the line allowed multiple people to jump to the front. Overall, an incredibly frustrating experience - and not one I will be repeating again. In the future, I will be flying out of Vegas carry-on only, or on another airline.
5	Fun security line. The guy corralling people into lines was as funny as someone can be in a mixed audience. (May 6 ~10am?) Great for people watching. Maybe this is because I wasn't hung over on my way out of town. Maybe it was because I was going home to my quiet, Axe-cologne-free house. Cab line to get to the strip was just plain (haha) awful. Though it moved fairly quickly, it was still 200+ deep and took nearly 40 minutes before I was on my way. And you know when I (or most anyone, for that matter) get to Vegas I just wants to get to my room and grab a drink. A bar cart at baggage claim would make a killing $$
5	I love this airport. It's easy to navigate, there are lots of restaurants and shops, security is quick to get through and it's very easy to get to the cab/shuttle lanes.
3	The good: Easy access to stripThe bad: slot machines, slot machines. weird feel to the place. The ugly: This airport is old. Yes they added some new wings but the older parts also need some maintenance.I have flown here quite a bit actually. Mainly I walk through this airport in a zombie state- it is Vegas come on. I hate with a passion the subway thing that takes you to the D wing. I mean it could be worse, it could be a tram or something. I think my main dislike with the tram is the fact that I usually am late to my flights (this is flying out only) and when I see that I have to take the tram I sort of have an anxiety panic attack on the inside. Major panic attack, because although I am late more often than I would like to be I freak out whenever I am late. SO damn those subway things for giving me a heart attack every time. EVERY TIME. One thing though I love flying in because I really feel that I have made it to Vegas with this airport. The constant advertisements everywhere for shows on the strip and the gross slot machines and the hot muggy air when I first get off the plane and head into the airport. It just screams Vegas and I love that. All in all this place is not horrid nor is it wonderful. It is just an airport that hopefully you don't have to spend too much time in.
3	I spend a lot of time in airports and McCarran is not one of my favorites. From the flashing lights of the slot machines to the feeling like the terminal is always shakings (it's not just me!), this airport is one that you just want to get in and out of quickly. Which unfortunately is not always how it works out.The food selections are relatively limited and healthy and flavorful options are difficult to find behind security.Bags are quick to come out, or maybe it's because the trip to baggage claim is lengthy.Labeling to passenger pick-up could be improved. I have had to pick up a number of passengers and get this complaint a fair amount.However they are reconstructing portions of the airport so I am looking forward to seeing what they do with the place.
3	For obvious reasons this airport receives 5 stars when you arrive to Las Vegas and about 1 star when you leave. The restaurant options are the polar opposite of phenomenal and the restroom was about 1 stage away from being a scene from the movie 'Silent Hill'. Avoid the Chili's Too if you go here. Checking in and going through security wasn't too bad so I'd suggest arriving no earlier than an hour before your flight. Otherwise you will be enduring a longer visit to the McCarran Airport than one should ever wish for! If you brush into anything or open any doors I'd suggest about a gallon of Purell. (Southwest was great once they let us on the plane!)
2	Not one of my favorite airports.For a place that always seems busy, the terminals seem undersized and the signage seems lacking.  Food choices are limited behind security.I will say this though - the folks who run the stores really seem to know their business and have been quite helpful and very friendly.
4	Smooth in/out of this airport via Delta. Well laid out. Decent food options. I think that Delta is missing a huge opportunity with not having a Delta Skyclub here. Security moved quickly for me leaving on a Sunday morning since almost all the lines were open. Free Wi-Fi sponsored by Google when I visited brings the review up to 4 stars!
4	Free WiFi!  How can I hate that?!  The airport itself is is okay and if not for the free WiFi I'd probably give it 3 stars.  I do miss the smoking room with the slot machines, but I guess most airports are phasing out their smoking rooms.  The taxi line seems long, but actually goes pretty fast.  All in all, an okay airport.
3	It stinks like smoke in here.  This must be what places smelled like before you couldn't smoke in public, yuck.Other than that, this airport is easy to get around in.  If you can't manage in here then you shouldn't be traveling.
4	Easy airport to negotiate I see they enclosed the smoking areas and have slots in there s no cig smell.
4	Like most people, I've been in and out of LAS a few times... Ok... Perhaps a few times more than most.   100% of the time, I was on United Airlines... So I'm speaking just of the United Airlines terminal.... Pros:-It is huge... and there is always a seat to wait at your gate.-There seem to be alot of food options, but I admit, I haven't tried many... but if I did, there would be alot of choices that seem decent.-It is clean.-Free WiFi-Easy to get around, get your luggage, find a cab etc.Cons:-It is huge (a pro and a con) .   Because it is so big, it does it really isn't easy in and out.   There is significant distance from the luggage counter to the gates... and it requires a tram ride... and alot of walking.   Just be sure to plan ahead.-Also on the "too big" theme, the rental car facility is equally as big... and requires a shuttle ride... and takes a long time to both rent and drop off...In short, it is a decent airport.. just not that easy to get in and out of... Plan ahead and give yourself alot of time!
3	Welcome to Las Vegas.   Back in the mid 80's when fuel was affordable road trips cross country was the the thing to do.  We went to So Cal By car 2 X to visit my brother and visit my moms friends. Now with the rocketing price of gas it is more sensible to take a plane.This is an average Airport that is great because people come here from all over. Its a little bit more chaotic for my taste.  But its Vegas baby!  Booze and slots, and everyone wants to be here.  Security can delay your whole group if you happen to be the one that gets double checked at each point. One girl was stopped at 3 check points.  I can vouch for her but she appears to be a 100#  street tough from Ireland. The system helps so I'm not complaining. Just stop wasting money on stock piles of scanners that don't work!
2	Have flown out of this airport twice recently, and all I can say is that it's supposed to be an airport- not a mall. It seems like there was way too much thought and consideration given to retail placement and options rather than, I don't know, travelers. I don't even mind the slot machines, but when I have to wind my way past ten stores to get from C16 to C23, that's a little ridiculous. I don't know if it's the constant construction this airport seems to be under, or just that it's a deceptively large airport, but I've barely been able to make connecting flights before and there was no delay. And this is within the same terminal, too, with timing allotted for such a thing. Maybe it was just a bad day or something.That being said, there are several shopping and dining options available in terminal C, if you didn't get enough of that on your actual vacation. There's a NY Bagel place that is pretty tasty- I prefer warm food rather than cold prepackaged sandwiches/salads, and this was one of the options that wasn't as "smelly" for disturbing other people on my flight when I got hungry.I have found that the employees here are pretty efficient- security was backed up but not as bad as I'd expected. Flights leave on time if not slightly early and boarding started sooner than I expected. There was very little wait time or time spent on the tarmac, which is always a plus in my book. For those of you running late to your flight though, this might not be so great.
4	I've been flying into the Las Vegas McCarran's airport more frequently. The more I fly into Las Vegas, the more I like this airport. Maybe it's because of the fancy marketing screens, bright lights, and slots and lots of food locations. Plus, when I went through security to fly out of Vegas it was less than a 10 minute process. The parking structure is pretty nice and easy too. I think...it's mostly the slots that do it!
3	Good airport, Chill TSA. Airport is clean, large, and surprisingly quiet - at least when you are departing. I am not a fan of the way baggage claim is set up, it's a bit of a mish mash maze. Can you say that 10 times real fast? Always allocate time for the taxi queue. It moves pretty quick, but you will wait in line - any time of day. It's great to make friends in this line, and depending on your party size, carpool onto the strip.
4	I fly in/out from McCarran pretty much once a month, and it has always gone smoothly. There are rarely delays, you never have to wait too long for your luggage, and there are hardly ever huge lines at security; I can usually get through in less than half an hour. I always fly out of the D gates, and there are so many food options: starbucks, cinnabon, CPK, pretzels, a diner, chilis, port of subs, etc... There's also a bunch of shopping and boutiques, slot machines, and places to sit. There are outlets at every gate to plug in laptops and cell phones. McCarran is great, and the only things that could be improved are the parking situation, and having more seats by the baggage claim.
3	Good airport, not too big. clean. free wifi. Vivaaa las baygusss
2	Seems like I am always on Southwest when going through LAS, and that terminal is the worst.  The food options range from awful to disgusting.  The security lines are long (but do seem to be improving). I try to avoid this airport like the plague - but alas have another trip to LV upcoming...ugh.
2	As someone who fearlessly uses public transit to get to/from airports when I can, I fully expected the Vegas Monorail to connect to the airport. Shame on me for not researching that further, but shame on Vegas for pandering to the cabbies. The Monorail comes so close, but not quite because the airport is setup to be a boon for the cab drivers. Isn't there enough demand on the Strip? Sigh...$40 spent round trip to get to/from an airport so close was frustrating. But what else should expect for Vegas.Also frustrating was the hike to get to the D gates. A bit rough for a 6am flight, or any other flight for that matter. I will say that the airport was surprisingly clean, and signs were informative. It was also nice that some restaurants were open at 4:30am on a Monday, and I recommend Burke in the Box if you're in the D gate area.Overall not a terrible airport, but am certainly "Meh. I've experienced better."
4	We had to get trammed to our baggage claim and such but I've done that in ChiTown airport before and it's not a biggie. The tram is clean. So all good. They have cute clay sculptures! and yes I took photos with them! SO CUTE! I love it!The place kinda smells of smoke even tho they said NO smoking. :PThey already have slots in there hahaha... oh Vegas. :PVery colorful and lots of lights. Very Vegas.Getting a cab is easy. They have a great system to wait in line and stations to go in so no one fights.Sweet.
4	I usually fly out of JFK or EWR, the worst of the worst. McCarran was a nice change of pace, with quick security lines and pleasant flight staff. They also have slot machines, which makes the wait for the flight more bearable.
4	One of my favorite airports in the country.  Organization is 4, Cleanliness is 4.0.Great thing that the Shuttle to the Car Rental Building was totally organized.  I just wish that they have more food establishments to choose from.Overall, it's a good airport to fly to/from or get stuck (LOL!!!).  Only airport that I know that got slot machines in the terminal!
4	My flight bound for Charlotte, NC was set to take off @12:10 am on 5/24/12. I made sure to be there early so we arrived at about 10:15 pm. I haven't been to much airports but I do know that this airport is efficient in how it operates. I purchased my tickets online and the check in process with American Airlines went smooth. The terminals have a lot of places to buy Las Vegas type stuff, food or drinks, magazines or books, slot machines, and plenty of bathrooms. There is also wifi throughout each terminal. The only problem I faced was finding an outlet to charge my phone. After about 15 mins, problem solved. My overall process departing and arriving was very smooth. I'm glad to have access to this airport.
3	I love when an airport gives you a taste of the citythe moment you walk into the terminal after gettingoff the plane. This airport lets you see the lightsof slot machines and hear their hypnotic hum prettymuch immediately. If you leave this way, it's alsothe LAST thing you hear and see before getting on theplane so this gets embedded into your brain as a lastingVegas memory to haunt your dreams until you return. Heck,they might as well let those little guys from the Strip hand out their stacks of business cards of varioustesticular pressure reduction technicians as well - just tokeep it real. You get further into the airport and thereare cigar shops all over. Wow...   The real fun, however, is figuring out how to get to theStrip - or wherever you're headed. Taxis are pricey andyou want to save that for the slot machines or techniciansor however you plan to have fun here. So I went with ExecutiveAirport Shuttle - they have a ticket booth right outside the terminal. I think it was Six bucks plus suggested tip toget to your hotel.
4	Flying out of LAS is not bad ... at the very least, they're on par with just about any other international airport. They are set apart in a few ways, though!  For one, the security lines were awfully slow, but they have special, humorous Las Vegas-related TSA informational videos that play while you are going through security.  (Sadly, they stopped being funny after watching them 2 dozen times while inching through the checkpoint).  Another huge perk is the free wi-fi; plus, how many other airports have slot machines to keep you entertained while waiting to board?!?  Flying into LAS is quick and painless ... unless you have to wait in the super long lines for the rental car shuttle (rental cars are at a separate facility a few minutes from the terminal, with free shuttles).
4	Super fast to get out of the airport if you dont have a check in to pick up, and it takes less than five minutes to get to the strip
3	I don't understand how the airport is actually only 4 miles from the strip and yet, when we took the taxi, it took a lot longer than 4 miles, and cost us 26 dollars for one way....Anyway, on to the review of this airport. It is definitely a fancy airport with the slots machines, however, security was extra tight, which made it longer for people to get through! I had priority access ( thanks to first class ticket), and it still took 20 minutes to get through security! It seems like they want to double check every single bag! They won't even continue screening the bags unless the checked bag has been checked and returned!!! Other than that, this place is HUGE,  so big that I had to walk around to get to the tram area, then take tram to get to the united wing, AND still had to walk down a good block to get to my destination. Yes, good thing I was an hour early and did not check in luggage or else I don't know  how I would manage to catch my flight!
3	I'm impressed with how quickly and nicely the security personnel processed the massive crowd through the security check point. I was equally shocked and dismayed at how much water and everything else cost at the stores next to the terminals.
4	I like flying into and out of this airport.  I feel like it is organized here and doesn't have all the typical chaos you have with other airports.  Plus, where else can you gamble why you wait for your flight.  I usually try my luck on the slots while waiting and my luck has been good to me.  The food court has a decent selection of food and the TSA screening goes by pretty quick.  Also a trip from the airport to a hotel on the strip should cost around 20 bucks (tip included).
4	Always a nice airport to get in and out and drop a few bucks while waiting for your flight.
3	McCarran Airport is just a-ok.The location is at the end of the Vegas strip so if you are staying on or near the strip it isn't too bad of a cab ride.  That is, unless you get a shady cab driver who takes you out to the highway and back on the strip which puts more $$ in their pockets.  Unless something is going on that is unusual there is no need why your cab driver cannot take you from the airport directly on to the strip so FYI.  Exceptions would be if you are staying on the end of the strip near the Wynn.  The best advice is to evaluate which casino you are at in relation to which end of the strip so you can avoid your cab driver taking the highway route.  Getting from the airport to your destination via cab is usually a sort of nightmare (especially in the warm months) as the cab lines are looooooooooooong.  Be prepared to wait.Of course most people are tickled that this airport has over 1200 slot machines including at the terminals so you can gamble up until the last minute before getting on your plane.  Baggage claim takes FOREVER at McCarran since most people who come through this airport carry a lot of bags.  Baggage claim is also massive with tons of turnstiles so be aware.
2	Trams back and forth are not fun.  Not enough security to run people through efficiently. LAX, and SLC are much better.  And the Delta check in here is freaking ridiculous I mean seriously they have flights stacked every ten minutes and nowhere near enough help. even when we checked in online the night before.  Seriously only two people to check in luggage. Could use restrooms closer to trams.
2	McCarran Intl Airport has become a cluster--too crowded, always 'renovating' but that's really code for more slot machines and less food options. Glad my plane wasn't more than 15 minutes late or I would have starved to death...or lost my mortgage payment hoping for one more spin on Wheel of Fortune. Great people watching but no compliment to the Vegas clientele.
4	They have a separate area just to pick people up, but you're better off paying $2 for an hour of short term parking.  Then you can make the quick walk into the terminal and bask in the amazing air conditioning while everyone else dies in the summer Vegas heat.
5	Absolutely love this airport! How cool is it to have Slot machines at the airport?!? Only in Vegas, baby!My flights are usually red-eye flights so the majority of the shops and stores are closed when I am there but they have some cool stores that I wished I could visit.  This would be one of the best airports to have a long layover.  Lots of options to keep you entertained, including FREE wi-fi!!!
4	Once you land at McCarran Int'l you know you're in Vegas. The amounts of slot machines and the strange dry smell is probably their trademark, their C19 gate is always oddly hotter than the rest of the gates adjacent to it.The service is quick here and everything is easy to find. The shops and restaurants are just okay. It's too hard to concentrate on food when the sounds of slots are constantly going you off to draw you in.
4	Who doesn't love slot machines in an airport?  A good way to welcome you to Vegas, on the way out, they are your last ditch effort at slot machine millions.The airport is great though.  It's large and well organized and TONS of options for food, reading and souveniers.You can expect the regular inflated airport prices i.e. $5 for a BIC lighter however there is definitely service with a smile here.  I guess Vegas got the memo on how to be nice while taking people's money, which makes it a bit less painful.I fly a lot and this airport is up there with the rest of them. :)
2	Reviewing airports? Guess I was compelled to after being yelled at by the annoying, power tripping, airport staff lady who thought it was okay to bark at anyone trying to avoid her escalator line control on the way up to the TSA security line. For a city dependent on people dumping their money on the strip, you'd think they'd up their efforts to provide a better gateway and experience to their patrons.Then again, the airport is okay at best most of the time especially when you think about the trainwreck that JFK & LAX can be. McCarran doesn't seem that bad anymore. Talk about low standards.Arriving at McCarran is usually a smooth affair, the walk to the heavily advertised, spam filled baggage claim can be pretty fast even in the narrow corridors throughout the airport. Getting a taxi or shuttle is straightforward and the airport shuttle to the car rental center is a breeze & really convenient.Leaving is bit more difficult. Crowded check in terminals with not much space to move, long TSA lines, and not enough seating at the gates which are probably too close to one another. However, these complaints are all pretty trivial since it could be far worse in my past experience.
3	Not as User-friendly as Dallas, SeaTac & SFO - But ServiceableSITREPLatest trip into McCarran was for an awesome May 17-20 Yelp Convention, and was one of my best weekends ever. I had no reason to gripe where a problem did not exist.  So that being said, my observations of what I found lacking - especially as a DEPARTNG passenger - were PRETTY GLARING since I had already been predisposed to write a very glowing review.PLUS-SIDEWhen I arrived, it was easy to move thru airport via sliding walkways and/or terminal connectors via the tramways. Signage is great. No issue about getting lost - lots of helpful staff at information areas and/or security personnel to guide you.Bathrooms are nice & clean!In addition, one thing this airport has is a large spacious baggage carousel system. In terms of baggage pick-up, I don't think I've seen any baggage claim area near as impressive as the McCarran Baggage Claim area.  16 separate baggage carrousels at McCarran.  Only 3 at Sacramento.  Only 2 in Burbank. 16 at McCarran. 16!*** For ARRIVING passengers I rate McCarran 4.0 STARS ***DOWNSIDEHowever, what this airport lacks when compared to peers is a user-friendly attitude for DEPARTING passengers, forced to try to make due very very early, such as my crew at 3am.   Things LACKING:* Comfortable lounging areas at 3am!  For a 24 HR City, this is a pedestrian ill-matched airport.  I thought I was in Spokane or Tulsa or Walla Walla where the streets roll-up at 10pm.  McCarran could take a cue from Dallas & SeaTac.* Needs outlets (period) - even Ontario Airport (my plane-switch on way to Sacramento from Vegas) had nice laptop-bar stations with outlets on bar.  Right when my laptop was dying, I noticed maintenance using an outlet hidden on floor under a bank of chairs in ticket-countering area (only area relatively comfortable to post in), which is what I used from 3am-6am.  Kyle had to scout another area, in the hall, on the floor by a bank of pay phones.  His pic sums our frustration up well:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FaHADZARwnY4yvlvpnsfGA?select=UVUWkxU5F32OeRTMYbslTw#F9pKah3H5PMo-UJeJEWdOQ* Free WiFi - okay, maybe this is just an "optional" in some people's minds, but when available at places like Ontario, Sacramento (SMF) and Burbank (BUR), it makes you wonder why an airport like Vegas that prides itself on it's "customer-service can-do" attitude seems to be deficient in this area when compared to it's peers. [And idea to CHARGE a day's worth of WiFi to patrons only in airport a few hours is excessive.]* Eateries for Departing Patrons -  crap-options (AND hours) for departing 24/7 Vegas-passenger.  What I love about SeaTac, BUR and SMF is they have GREAT restaurant & eatery plazas right after you get thru Security.  In fact, I can get something de-lish at Ivars at SeaTac, or Esquire Grill at SMF, etc., find a great table or bar top, open my laptop and get on Free WiFi,  while munching on something good to eat and also something good to drink.   Not so much McCarran, which is unfortunate.QUARTERS  (Apparently you need them...)Oh but guess what they DO have plenty of:  slot machines.  Banks of slot machines after bank of slot machines after bank of slot machines.  Really?  Are these for real?  Does ANYONE win at these?  Further, it's almost an attitude thrown at you that if you want to be able to sit down at one of the seats in the airport, then you are going to have to insert a quarter every minute.You know?  "Gambling" may have been why Vegas was put on the map in the first place - like the "Gold Rush" may be why San Francisco & Sacramento were put on the map - and "Movies" put L.A. on the map - but get over yourself, show some maturity and realize there are OTHER reasons people come to your city; other needs people need fulfilled than those catering to a "narrow-gambling lifestyle".Providing needs & amenities for the convention-traveler, business-traveler and the vacation-traveler that have NOTHING TO DO with gambling would be nice for a change.  *** For the DEPARTING passenger I rate McCarran as 2.0 STARS ***BOTTOMLINE:  OBVIOUS DISPARITY BETWEEN ARRIVAL & DEPARTURETo sum it up, arriving passengers fare much better than departing passengers.  Quality amenities, functionality & efficiencies are geared more - on balance - with individuals ARRIVING into Vegas.  Amenites (or lack thereof), functionality and efficiencies for DEPARTING passengers are far more deficient in comparison. Nowhere was this more evident me than waiting at the airport for at least a few hours (or longer) early in the wee hours with no tables, absolutely no computer bar tops & plug-ins, and almost non-existant quality food options. THE LOWDOWNGood airport.  Not bad, but not great either.  Relatively efficient for the arriving traveler, only adequately functional for a departure. This rates AVERAGE when McCarran is COMPARED against it's PEERS.
3	This airport is seriously huge! And the security line was a nightmare. We thought we had given ourselves ample time, but almost missed our plane. Consider coming about 2 1/2 hours early, more if you have to drop off a car. We thought we were home free after security then had to take another tram to get to D gate. We ended up running up stairs to make our final boarding call. Just be prepared to stand in long lines, arrive early and you should be good
2	Dingdingdingdingdingdingding whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop tinkadinkatinkadinkatinkadinka.The noise and flashy lights don't stop 'til you get on the plane, folks. I'm surprised there aren't slots actually on the jetway. My friggin' head...
5	Get to the Chase:Pros:1) Easy to roam2) Clean3) A taste of Vegas as soon as you de-board...Slot machines galore!4) Bigger and Better epitomized in this airportCons:1) Can get too tacky for my tastes2) Limited food choices (both expensive and not that tasty)
2	Flew in here again for Utah trip.  Same memories again.  Layout is confusing to figure out where you get picked up by friends/family.  Tiny little exit for this and other exits for buses and taxis.  Police actually whistle for you to cross from baggage claim to pick-up/drop-off area.  Only highlight was to find a Wells Fargo conveniently located for me to pick up some cash at the ATM.
4	I love this airport. Security lines always move quickly and no matter what terminal- and which side- secure or not- there are many things to do and lots of places to eat and drink in. If you still want to play the slots, they are everywhere, and I enjoy the people watching here. Baggage claim used to take FOREVER, but as of late, they are pretty quick! Free WiFi everywhere. Only issue I have is that there is no Delta Sky Club, but at least there are some good bars  and restaurants.
5	LOL what is there not to love about this airport? Never have any issues with security or flights here. They even have a shop that sells handles of alcohol just in case you didn't want to check a bag in with a bottle! LOL. game on everyone!
4	McCarran, you are getting a light 4 stars for the fact that you have convenient boarding pass machines.Flight was Monday evening at 6:25 and I arrived at 5:35 with no luggage to check and just had to obtain a boarding pass. Instead of waiting in the extensive Southwest Airlines line for a boarding pass, I spotted some convenient machines that seemed legitimate; I input my confirmation and PLOPPPP came out my boarding pass. Security was a breeze (even though I hate those personally-invading body scanners with a fiery passion).And got to my gate at 5:47. 12 minutes. Efficient? Wheeeeeeee.I've been here several times before (I am a Vegas aficionado) and really haven't had a poor experience at MIA. And..if you're lucky...you'll be by Ethel M's in the C gates. Get itttttt.
4	As soon as you step out of an airplane, you will find yourself surrounded by slot machines.  You know you are at the right airport.  A lot of lights and billboards!  Even though this is a big airport, there are not too many people and there are plenty of space, seats and all.  The facility needs an update though.  The bathrooms were old and rather small.  Considering how big the airport is, it lacks dining options.  Most stores close before 11pm unfortunately.  They do have souvenir shops so you can do last minute shopping.  The price is fair.  They  have shuttles to the rent-a-car center.  They run every 5 minutes and it is a 7to 8 minute ride.  People are nice at this airport.  Although, the security check was rather slow moving and took a while, there was no hassle.
4	Of course my transfer flight was at the other end of the complete opposite side of the airport. I think this place has changed since the last time I was here... Could there possibly be more slot machines?? They were dinged 1 star because it was baking in there. I know it was hot outside and there were lots of people, but man, turn up the ac!
3	People watching at it's finest. I have been to this airport so many times and I tell you it still cracks me up to watch the comings and goings of people while waiting for my flight. When you first arrive, you are already surrounded by the the sounds of slot machines to get you in the mood to gamble (even if you don't gamble you are still a little intrigued)  You then have to trek all the way down to baggage claim and wait for what seems like eternity for your bags. God forbid you don't have someone picking you up and you have to wait in the dreadful Taxi cab line. Oh and don't let it be a holiday weekend because baby you will be standing in the heat sweating your ass off while the line queues. It is crazy!!! CRAZY!!Now on your return, get there early because sometimes the lines can be horrific and we are not just talking security. I have seen people in a panic because they waited until the last minute thinking they would breeze right through. Sorry buddy but you will be missing your flight unless it is delayed.  All in all, it is just another airport. Nothing special, except for all the people watching and the fact that you can loose or win more money while you are waiting to board.
4	Ahhhhhhhhh!! Crazy busy but it's to be expected.  After all, it is Vegas we're talking about right?!  Security line moves along quite quickly and not too much of a hassle going through.  TSA is usually grumpy looking every time I go but I've gotten used to it already haha.  I love the fact that when I fly on Hawaiian Air, they have a separate terminal for my flight and even comes complete with *usually* less hustle and bustle.  Annnnddd there's restaurants everywhere.  Not the best airport I've been to but it gets the job done.
3	The slot machines as you deplane are just classic.  Once you hear those bells and sounds, you know exactly where you are.  The only mildly irritating thing is the tram you must take from the outer terminals to the main terminal, which seems to be compulsory as I have never taken off from the main terminal - must be for international or something else...
2	Crowded, noisy, and expensive.
2	Ugh. Do you like extremely busy not-so-clean airport terminals? Then McCarran's is the place for you!Let's just say- it gets the job done. But security lines can be a nightmare. And the restaurant options are downright depressing.
3	This isn't a huge airport, but dodging slot machines and construction makes it seem that way. The baggage claim area is huge and seems disorganized but somehow works.The taxi line is long but moves really fast. When you get in your cab, make sure they don't take you way around on the west side of the strip through the tunnel. That'll add an unnecessary $10 or so on the fare. If you're dying for an In-and-Out Burger (when there are so many great restaurants in this town!), that route is for you then.
3	A little confusing finding baggage claim.  There definitely needs to be more signs of which airlines are at which baggage claim.  Chick-fil-a restaurant is at terminal A and the grab and go is at terminal C.  Super slow security.
2	The only other worse airport I have been than this one is Miami, this place is the pits.Hopefully, with the new terminals that should be open very very soon will make this much better.  The bars [imagine this] are ALWAYS full and there's never seating. The food choices suck, the restrooms-- I'd rather hold it. Breakfast choices here stink too, if you have a really early flight, it's Popeye's or the 500 people deep line at Starbucks, so pick your poison!Baggage claim is a nightmare and for the love of good the TSA security checks.  Ok here's the thing w/ TSA please make a 65+ line, if we do that, this process might go so much smoother. I'm OK with retirees having their very own line.  And the blue carpet that smells like your high school gym...ugh. There is free wifi....when it works.
4	Slots slots and more slots!  chaaaaching!!  Welcome to Vegas!  Very clean airport and it has a USO.
3	McCarran is alright, nothing special. Boo to Delta for no Sky Club here. If you're also an FF, you'll appreciate the shorter security lines for Pre-check / SkyPriority members.
4	What a sight for sore eyes!  After a turbulent flight, when you arrive at the gate, you are greeted by the warm light and soothing sounds of slot machines... No one bothers you and you just go on your merry way.  I actually tied the slots on the way out. Apparently, if you win, there are "change" (usually ladies) that will cash you out. They are as friendly as can be (probably to make you feel better of you lose). Overall, the airport is clean and convenient. Just wish the food selection was a little better.
4	Nothing says vegas like getting off the plane and seeing the slot machines.  For the most part, I have never had trouble or delays at this airport.  The airport is pretty clean and maintained, although there has been a lot of construction.  Also, the security checkpoint here is pretty fast, the line flows pretty smoothly and there are plenty of metal detectors/scanners.
3	Short term parking used to be better.  They used to have meters so you could hang out by your car and only pay if an attendant walked up.  Now you have to either drive in circles or pay something like $3 an hour.  You really do have to drive in circles as security are nazis and won't let you idle for more than 30 seconds.The TSA security lines are very fast considering the volume of passengers they serve.Some airlines *cough*united*cough*american*cough* have long lines for check-in, but that's the airline's fault in my opinion.  Arrive 1.5-2.0 hours early for any flight and you'll be fine.Food choices are average.  I usually just do Burger King in the C gates as you can refill your soda whenever you want.  For D gates I usually do Ruby's Diner.Long term parking at the remote lot is very affordable ($8 per day) and not all too inconvenient.Baggage carousels are insanely slow.  You'll wait and wait forever for your luggage to arrive.Free WiFi is very very awesome.  Good strength.  Free.
3	Curbside drop off is hectic, long lines through security, and delayed flights never make for a good airport experience.It's good to know that you will most likely need to take a tram from terminal-to-terminal, so allow extra time for this exchange.If you have extra time while you wait for your flight you can grab a cocktail at one of the many bars/pubs or play the slot machines in hopes of gaining an extra dollar or two.No real way of avoiding McCarran International, just good to arrive prepared and on time.
4	I wouldn't describe the international terminal as cheery.  But it is quite efficient - for Americans anyway.Flew in from London for the Electric Daisy Carnival (woohoo!) on a, I'd guess, two hundred passenger flight.  Found myself in the US Citizen line with ten others.  Cleared baggage claim and Customs in 15 minutes, max.The domestic terminal is no-frills, single corridor design to get people in and out right quick.  I approve.Oh and there's free Wi-Fi.
3	The new Terminal 3 is so pretty! I am so happy that Air Canada has moved into this terminal...terminal 2 was really dated. There are still some growing pains with the airport on both arrival and departure, but i'm sure those will be ironed out in time. Half of the terminal was still closed, some of the slot machines not even plugged in or unwrapped.Breezed through security, barely any passengers in the terminal, but 6 lines were open.The Mediterranean restaurant was decent for breakfast. Better choice than Carl Jr. There is a Starbucks too.Some beautiful art installed...there is this display of butterflies that looks like an airplane.I just wish the monorail ran all the way from the strip to the airport...i think it is in planning, but a ways off.
5	Great Airport! Playing slots doesn't start or end on the strip it follows you everywhere in Vegas even the airport! The minute you step foot off the airplane into the terminal all you hear is the chiming of the slots and they are everywhere in the airport. This airport is very tourist friendly and you can grab a shuttle for $13 round trip to your hotel. Yes, it'll be about 2 hours before you get there but for the price you can't beat it. The hotel airport is easy to direct whether you want to grab your car rental, look for shuttle service or grab a limo for about $25 a head to arrive in ooohlala style to your hotel.Cool airport and easy to get around!
3	As you land at McCarran in whatever airline you might be flying, you're ultimately greeted by one of the best views of the Las Vegas strip. As the lights twinkle, you sit in awe of the hotels that will ultimately drain your wallet. Well McCarran certainly isn't as glitzy as its large and imposing neighbors, but it makes up for that with a functional and clean space that will house you for the few hours that you might await your next flight.The airport features both the good and the bad when it comes to their terminals. Arriving in the C or D gates can be a pleasure while landing in the A or B gates almost seems as if you are arriving in the rat-pack era. It certainly features both the good and the bad. The newer C and D gates feature a decent amount of seating and a plethora of food and shopping options while you wait. It could use some more power outlets in this modern era of laptops and iPhones.The complex is large and you should be prepared to walk a bit. The moving walkways are a help, however the distance between terminals can be its biggest detriment. The monorails that run between the terminals are fairly quick, however hang on tight to the bars or you could quickly lose your balance.The security line is centralized and while may seem long, generally does move at a reasonable rate. Still plan to arrive at least an hour before your flight departure time since you'll need every second to get through security and to your terminal.All in all, its a decent airport. It doesn't wow nor does it disappoint. It's simple and functional, which at the end of the day is all you need so that your airport fees are limited.
3	I don't fly a lot so as far as rating airports goes, I really have no perspective. It's your typical airport. Standard security. Airport pricing at all dining establishments. Airport people watching-though on Friday afternoons the people watching at McCarran is substantially better than other airports.It would be nice if they would upgrade their dining options like other airports-Chili's and the Fox Sports Lounge just doesn't cut it if you like food in any way shape or form. I usually leave out of B gate and the only place I get anything at is Coffee Bean.I wish they hadn't gotten rid of the metered parking but I understand why they did it (more money in their pockets to fund the construction of the new terminal). Their other longer term parking situations are pricey, but the economy lot is decent if you're only going to be out of town for a couple of days ($7/day I think).I don't love McCarran, I don't hate it. Just a place to pass through-I imagine if I ever got stuck there for an extended period of time I'd have worse things to say.
3	I've grown up in Las Vegas, so I compare other airports to McCarran.  Depending on how you look at the slots, they might be good for passing the time, but they do take up a lot of floor space that could be used for passenger seating.  Of course, passenger seating does not make money.  Whether you go in the A, B, or C Concourses, you will probably see a lot of people standing or sitting on the floor because every seat is taken.  This is one of the nation's busiest airports, so I always ask myself when I get back home, "Why don't they ever get more seating?"  Of course, that question comes with a billion dollar budget.  McCarran has nice modern conveniences, and it is kept fairly clean for the amount of passengers that pass through and square footage.  Free Wi-Fit is great!!  I was shocked to see they offered the WiFi for free.  Pack a snack if you know you'll be hungry...food costs more at this airport (around $10+ for a meal at Burger King).  Prices might be comparable to LAX.  You might find it confusing to find the C-Concourse Tram, and when I last passed through it was only labled to go to baggage claim.  They should re-do the signs to also include transportation to A/B Gates also because if you are at the tip of the C-Gates and need to go to the A-Gates, that's a VERY long walk, especially the portion between the B & C Gates (no moving walkways).  McCarran is a nice airport with modern conveniences, but the waiting areas are small.  They really need to put more moving walkways or some kind of tram that goes to all the gates/terminals in a circle since everything is spread out; I know someone with asthma and they had an asthma attack from the very end of the B-Gates to the very end of the C-Gates.  The baggage claim area is very glitzy, and gives tourists a nice introduction to Las Vegas, NV (Clark County).  I have also done a review on the Rent-A-Car facility.
4	Very clean airport, execellent security but poor and very limited options for food. Most of the people in the food places don't speak english. They don't have over half of the items on them menu, this happened in three places, one right after the other so it was quite frustrating. If they only had a better selection  of food places or at least have what the menu says you should...... Top notch security saves this review, oh and cleanliness too!
4	Ummm...you can openly booze and gamble at this airport.  That alone gives it at least 3 stars.  Its also convenient, easy to travel through, and well...fun!One of the best in the US.
3	I was expecting to be hit with a cloud of cigarette smoke when I got off the plane, but didn't which was a nice surprise. For where this is located, it's an okay airport. I definitely know where I'm at with all the slot machines around.
4	I actually really like this airport. I've flown out of here twice. The first time was through Spirit and that was a nightmare. Almost missed our flight since the line to check in was long and they were understaffed.This time around I flew Southwest. Much better experience. We checked in online so all we had to do was check our bags in. That took less than 5 minutes. They have plenty of food options and of course you can play slots while you wait for your flight. The airport is only a quick 5 min drive to the strip just as long as you don't get an asshole cab driver that will take you out of the way.
5	My experience at McCarran has always been top notch whenever I fly out!! Excellent customer service, very polite staff, everything is pretty much where you need to access it quickly!! If I could give it more stars, I most definitely would!! Kudos McCarran!!!
4	This place has a California Pizza Kitchen and gets people in and out VERY quickly. It's not a place I would want to overnight but it does have a WiFi so I'm all for it. Never had an issue.
1	The TSA guy that screens bags was an ASS to me!!  He was a darn grouch and he threw my bags onto the belt and threw the containers to the side!  I was sooo angry and wanted to yell at him for acting that way with my stuff!
5	Consistently the best airport in the country!
3	I've only visited Terminal 1 and based on my experiences there its not my favorite airport... But there are certainly worse ones out there.The good:   - free wifi   - quick security   - very close to the stripThe bad:   - almost zero outlets near seating   - terrible carpet (bad 80s wallpaper pattern)   - rental car center is off site (though the shuttle is frequent)
2	Picked up a friend at the airport.  The signs were confusing and downright contradictory in some cases, and we got routed to the international terminal instead of the domestic one.  Im sure my experience on the inside of the airport will be better next time, but they need to fix the signs so Im not driving around like a idiot.  Also, Im an idiot.
2	As if the airport wasn't ugly enough and the layout both annoying and tedious, McCarran had to assault our eardrums the entire time we were waiting at our gate with loud pop-twang country dog crap.  And they chose the worst of it too.  I had to reattach my ears when I got back to Portland, because they pretty much quit on me and walked away with a suitcase after being subjected to that torture.  The passenger clearly on a ton of meth (don't ask me how the TSA didn't notice) following us around with her tongue out didn't help either.At least the security was nearly empty and quick as a beat.  That was about the only good thing.
4	Four stars is definately perfect because I am a fan. As soon as you get off the plane there are slot machines to greet you & let you know that you're not in Kansas anymore, Toto! Baggage claim is huge. I had to figure out which way to go. If someone is picking you up they have a separate garage for that than the taxis & limos. This airport is super big..like a mall. Cinnabon is hard to find nowadays so happy to see that. Starbucks on the other hand isn't quite as noticeable. BUT when you are early for your flight there are slots to keep you occupied.
3	Overall, McCarran International is not a bad airport. It's kind of like a Disneyland type of funworld for adults. They have a monorail and they have slot machines and free wifi. It is clean and there are no areas that are under construction. They've got those conveyor belt walkways which are all over Vegas hotels which help you walk less.What is LAME here is that the rent a car area is NOT in the airport itself. You have to be bused to the rent a car building and it takes more than 5 minutes. Really? Sorry, but the rent a car booths should be in the airport. It's kind of a hassle to have to get on a bus with your luggage and you have to spend extra money on the tip you will have to give the guy that takes your luggage and places it on the rack inside the bus.
3	Arrving;McCarran is he cleanest airport that I've seen so far. We had to take a shuttle train to the baggage claim area. The Taxi line outside is serious and controlled so you assured a taxi in the order you lined up.Departing;They need to get it together with their Delta check in ines, do not put up a Sky Priority sign if you meant First class only and send us to another line! I recommend getting here about 45 minutes before your boarding time because there is so much traffic and the security lines are long so expect a 20 minute wait. They have the creepy body scanners too. The other thing that I didn't like was having to wait for the shuttle to take me to Terminal D, if you miss a shuttle, you could miss your flight.
3	It's airport. This one could use a tad less construction chaos and then I would upgrade it. Decent food options in the terminal. Restrooms were clean. I think there could be a few more seats at some of the gates. More crowded flights make for cramped quarters while waiting. Overall, it gets me in and out and on time. That's more than I can say for  quite a few airports.
4	little airport, big fun....if you're staying in vegas! the gates are really tight, i assume because so many people are moving quickly in/out of this airport. in true vegas fashion, there are of course slots right up until you board the plane. nothing says vegas airport like slots: "give me your last bit of change please".there are enough food options to keep most people happy. it's easy to navigate to make changes connections. unfortunately, i just had a short layover (boo) so this wasn't a formal vegas trip.
2	The worst gate connections on southwest flights.  We had 10 minutes to go across the airport and almost misses our flight. They need to do a better job of getting people to the correct gates.
4	I spent 6 hours waiting for a flight, after I volunteered to be bumped from my flight for a flight voucher, and then my later flight was delayed. I didn't mind as much as at other airports. Why? Free wifi!!! I got to catch up on some Hulu and play around. It was nice! They have some charging stations here but for the most part, outlets are hard to find. I think they have a good selection of food in the terminal where I was (D). Pizza Hut, CPK, Quiznos, Auntie Anne's and more. Also some shopping. It was easy to get around. It's funny to see the slot machines in the airport. They just add to the Vegas vibe. I wouldn't dread coming back!
4	Interesting airport and pretty easy to get in and out of... Free wifi
1	Verbally abusive security.  Have you ever been in the airport security line forced to listen to TSA agents belittle every passenger? Me neither until I visited this airport.  Constant degredations such as "bags dont push themselves through the x-ray" "you want your property to be on the other side dont you." "I only have to say this because people don't listen, leave their responsibilities and walk away" and  "the machine isn't automatic" are just a few of the condescending comments made by security officers to passengers in line. Oddly enough, none of these things were happening while the security officer was berating us. This is clearly an abuse of power and they only get away with it because we are scared to death of TSA officers in the airports. If you have experienced similar instances please get names and report this abusive behavior to www.tsa.gov. I have to fly because of work, and I can choose my airlines, but I cannot choose what security I go through and in this instance I could not choose to be verbally abused by a TSA officer.
2	The ONLY thing good about this airport is the fact that it is in VEGAS!!!!They tried to prevent me from getting on my plane because I was tipsy and they thought I was drunk.  I mean SERIOUSLY!!!  I'm in Vegas, you cannot expect me to be sober, even if I'm heading back home to L.A.
2	The airport feels pretty run down. It's always busy and it's difficult to find where you're going.Downsides- There are big gates that prevent you from walking across streets to the rental car areas. You get herded like cattle because there are so many taxi cabs there.- Security can take upwards of 40 minutes for Delta.- It's a long walk towards the actual gates and you have to take a tram to get there.- No free wifi.
2	Well.. I can understand a place being so run down in such an financially drained city... but... this place was pretty gross.  Huge, nasty stains on the carpeting.  The bathrooms left me feeling like I should've waited till I was on the plane (seriously) and of course... our fellow passengers were pretty run down too.  They had super speedy and friendly security service but the signs leading you to gates pointed you back out to security..  And it wasn't an obvious mistake.. we had to walk quite a while lugging our carry ons at 5am after a long, crazy Vegas stay... purposeful confusion??? I hope not. We were welcomed to our gate by the blinding rising sun to seats of utter discomfort.  More huge stains on the floor.. nasty, toothless, mouth agape women... and... the worst of it... horrible LOUD music.  We had to sit at our gate for over an hour (thanks awesome speedy security) listening to this terrible stuff.   I'd rather listen to MUZAK or elevator tunes over this horrid, depressing pop-country. Anyway.. Thanks for hosting my Southwest flight so I could get back home McCarran..  But you should really lower your bottled water price from $4.
3	Standard as far as West coast airports go.  On the newer side, but not anything special (except the gambling in the terminals).  The cab line can be ridiculously long which can suck when it's your first impression of the city, but o'well, what can you do?  They are pretty organized though since they have to deal with large influxes of crowds all the time.  It's pretty easy to find things and not very easy to get lost... a plus in any airport.
2	This is my least favorite airport to fly into. It is usually crowded (Vegas, duh!) and I never seem to have any luck with connecting flights being anywhere close to each other.
3	Everything is good except that they need more cab lines. 19 may seem like a lot but apparently it's not enough.
4	New addition is getting better. Terminals are pretty easy to navigate. I like the vibe in this airport. Could just be Vegas though!
4	After being stuck at this airport for a whomping 36 hours, I have decided to write a review for this place. Why I was stuck at this airport for that long is another story, but it was an adventure. Not that I'm saying you should spend a night at the airport... but I mean if you are trying something new, why not.Anyways on to the airport. This airport (domestic) is most busy on the weekends starting from Thursday night all the way to Monday morning. Most mornings going into the airport is packed. Most people try to catch the red-eye flight out. I don't know what the reason is for this, but seriously the airport is packed at like 4am. It's pretty ridiculous. Wifi is much faster than it is at SFO. I usually always fly United, so that's in the D gates where you have to take a tram. Occasionally I will take Southwest in the B/C gates, no tram needed. So if you are flying out of D/E gates make sure to get there earlier because you will need to make an extra trip. I have seen too many people miss their flight because they did not take into consideration the extra transportation needed to get to the gate.Security at this airport moves pretty fast. They have a pretty good system going on here. Before the security to the D gates took forever, but with the new opening of the E gates, it is much faster. If you are looking for food.... I think that the B/C gates have better food options than there are in D gates. I will tell you that I spent too much time at the D gates and the Wheel of Fortune from the slot machines still ring in my ears. D gates there are two sports bars, quizno's, hot dog place, sandwiches, smoothies, diner, California Pizza Kitchen. Of course all food here is on the pricier end. C gates have Sbarros, Wendy's Popeyes, mexican restaurants. Just better options period. So if you were stuck at this airport and all you really care about is food then I saw B/C gates are better options, but if you want a more clean and new feeling I say D gates are better. Enjoy your time at McCarren International Airport. Time passes pretty fast when you're there.
3	This is one of those airports where it's not so much about the interior as it is about the location. I thought it was a regular old airport and not nearly as nice as the inside of any JFK terminal.The fact that this airport is in Vegas is what made the hassle of security check-in and all that bearable. There are a bunch of slot machines for you to play if you want to lose some money before leaving Vegas. You don't see slot machines in an airport very often.The security line actually wasn't all that bad. The line moved quickly and a couple of us were shifted to the business class line to make things run smoothly & quickly.They had a couple of food choices in Gate B. I opted for an appetizer/drink combo at the Chilli's located near the waiting area. However, airport food/drinks will always be a tad pricier in the airport once you've gone past security.Nonetheless, wouldn't mind going back anytime soon!
3	Yelp 365 Challenge #140/365From Honolulu to returning, we went through the same gate. All I know is that when we arrived, it was morning time and my son was so excited because this was his first trip ever away from the islands. It didn't help the fact that as everyone was getting off the plane, my older son had to yell out, "Oh yeaaah, Forr just got de-virginized!" Talk about giving my evil look across the seats with the back of my hair most likely standing up from the static not steam....As we walked through the airport to get to the tram to take us to the baggage claim, I felt as if I was walking through a mall at first but then you see the slot machines. My husband shared with me, "Dang, you can lose all your money even BEFORE you step out of the airport if you aren't careful."The tram felt like we were on the monorail at Pearlridge but bigger. As we got off the tram, my husband started fiending for coffee, which he detoured to Starbucks, which they mistakenly heard him say his name was "Manuel" instead of "Daniel" while I went to our baggage carousel (thank goodness for three sons).After retrieving our luggage, we headed to the Rental Car Shuttle. I sincerely wish I got the Shuttle Operator's name because she was as nice and friendly as ever. She made everyone in the front get up and make room for my 76 year old mother-in-law.By the way, I LOVE THEIR RENTAL CAR SERVICES and the staff that works there!As for returning to Honolulu, my awe of McCarran International Airport shimmied down a notch because of the LONG LINES of TSA as well as no convenient web-check-in counters like Hawaiian Airlines on Oahu! I know, I know...the policies and regulations but you would figure that it has been over 10 years since 9-11 that they would have found a better way to accommodate traveler's in efficiently and quickly passing traveler's through (like hire more staff to check IDs).Anyhow, I noticed also that their slot machines are rigged differently up to where your money is easily swallowed up. For example, Wheel of Fortune slot machines. At the casinos, any time you hit a spin (it doesn't have to be THREE spins), you spin. But, at the airport...you need to hit THREE spins to get a spin. I felt bad for the people that were trying to their last minute luck before boarding and probably lost the last of their money before sadly boarding on their plane.All in all, the airport is all right. You can spend the time playing slots or reading. Better yet, you can walk around and look at the stores that they have available. What is even better is if you BUY something to eat so you won't have to eat airplane food? Good airport. Clean and friendly with money hungry slot machines like a bar hostess if you allow yourself to be swayed by the promises of possible wealth and beating the odds.Viva Las Vegas!
4	omg, they redid this airport!  Its actually pretty nice now.But omg- don't sit down at a slot machine unless youre going to play.  They are really strict about that.  So do like I do and sit / sleep on the floor at your gate.  If you're too sober to do this, you didn't do vegas correctly.
4	What can I say that hasn't been said before?Bright and flashy, crowded on the weekends beyond anything you can possibly imagine. But, you know what, as an airport it is pretty decent.It would be nice if the rental cars were on the premise, but they are a short shuttle ride away. And talk about people watching, it is if they left the locks of the freak cages at the sideshow. Wow.Tip: Fly in the middle of the week to miss the weekend jam ups.
3	It's an airport with sand sculpture animals. Oh and slot machines you know for when you can't wait to get to the casino and want to throw your money away first thing :)
5	Hands down my favorite airport! Why - well, no airport gets you through security faster/easier than Las Vegas. I have never had an issue here, never. And they got their act together regarding the rental cars - great rental car center, rarely have to wait any time at all.
4	You have to give Vegas credit.  They are one of the more efficient airports.
3	Fairly easy to get around in this airport except the security check.  It seems they deliberately trying to make u miss the flight.  Last time, due to their slow moving security check line, we missed our plan back to LAX.  Today we almost missed it too, thank to the pompous officiated looking officer named Loy, who slowed everyone unnecessarily, but we sprinted to the finish line just in time to catch our flight.  Yeah!
3	Not the 1st time I flew into Vegas and won't be the last, love that you can get a shuttle to any casino for only 7 bucks, opposed to hailing a taxi, can tell by some gates that there is construction going on, but my travels in and out of McCarran went ok!
3	Security lines are always long no matter what day or time of day it is..maybe because it's Vegas. I always get here early. For some reason it seems a lot of flights get delayed coming to Vegas and I don't know why.  I had to wait 3 more hours just flying to SFO which is 1 hr 10 min flight. There are plenty of restaurants and it seems a long way to get to center of airport.Good places to eat and always seems crowded so remember to get there early. Cab lines are great though...and I love how the airport is not too far away from the strip.
5	I'll be back here again in a few weeks, but here's my short review of my last experience (roughly 3 weeks ago).I'm a bit surprised to see all these people complain about LAS Airport.  Yes, the bathrooms aren't super clean, and yes, it's not architecturally gorgeous, but hey, it's a really fun airport.Landed into McCarran a few weeks back, and was in Vegas just for the day, but I found that after the aircraft blocked into the gate, and deboarding, it was so easy to navigate to get on the quick shuttle, to walk my way down to arrivals.After I got out of the terminal, got in line for the cab (a short wait), and found myself to my meeting within a few minutes.  Yes, it's not super big, and yes, this airport is nothing to be compared to say, Changi (Singapore), or HKG, it's still a nice, fun airport to hang out.   So who cares what restaurants they got--they got the basics, and yes, they have machines--in case you ever get lucky here :DI still rate this airport a lot higher than say, LAX :/
3	I've been to this airport plenty of times & I must say RENOVATION needs to take place. After my recent visit to Las Vegas, I had to rummage through the area to find an outlet to charge my phone. I finally found "recharge centers" by Verizon. It had a place to sit on but only for 5 people. I was lucky enough to find an open spot, but people had their laptops, phones, & other devices plugged in. People ended up crowding the area. The employees are nice and polite. But they seriously need to change things around, which include their eatery places.
4	Free wifi, decent food options - yes it needs a bit of a face lift, but I'd rather have the wifi than shiny new stuff.  There's a spa in D terminal that offers massages, mani/pedis and facials.   it was tempting since I had 2+ hours for my flight!    Would like a few more plug-ins, but I managed to find one in a bar (Home Turf near D34) with a sassy and sweet waitress to boot.Security was way better than expected - tons of lines and competent TSA folks.  I made it from the ticket area through security in under 15 minutes mid-day Friday.And of course the slot machines are plentiful!
1	I expected more from this airport and its new terminal. Instead, I found this place to be one of the worst airports I have been in - and considering how much I travel, that's an impressive accomplishment. When we arrived, it took 45 minutes for the baggage claim to start delivering bags from our flight.  Everyone was starting to wonder if they lost all of our bags...However, the real fun started when we tried to fly home.  The TSA at this airport is so bad that it defies all reason. When we reached to conveyor belt for the bag scanning, the moron (and that word does not even come close to describing what an idiot he was) had to have second verification on EVERY SINGLE BAG scanned. Each bag required someone to come over and verify that it was ok to let it through, and each time took several minutes for someone to come over and hold his hand to assure him that not everyone was a terrorist.  As people started to grumble (me included), he would scowl and go slower! Either he was in training (and a weekend in Vegas is the perfect time for that) or he was one of those people that keep the median IQ in this country under 100. All the other lines moved at a SLIGHTLY quicker pace, but it took us 40 minutes to get from the start of the conveyer belt to the end. We did however get to listen to the snarky remarks from the other TSA agents about 'liquids' and 'laptops'. Then came the came the best part. As I exited the personal cancer-giving body scanner, I was accused of having something in my pockets. After a molestation pat down, it was determined that in fact, I had nothing in my pockets after all. So, we got through security (barely) and started looking for the Alaska Board Room so that I could start my emotional recovery from the TSA-man's bad touch only to find out that there is no Board Room in this terminal.  He got to freely cup my junk, and I can't ease my trauma with a cocktail in the lounge that I pay a yearly membership.  Viva Las Vegas, baby!
4	I never have many complaints about this airport except for the insufferable smell of Cinnabon. It makes me absolutely ill and it permeates the entirety of the D concourse. I feel that they might use Disneyland tactics and pump it through little scent airways when you are all the way on the other side of the airport, in an attempt to tempt people to buy their gross cinnamon rolls but in actuality making people like me sick.But I digress. My bag usually has arrived quickly, security moves pretty fast, and there are generally cheery workers all over (minus Allegiant or Skycap services). I also always get a kick out of the contrast between flights coming in on Friday and going out on Monday!
2	Depending on your terminal, your experience at this airport may vary quite a bit. The Southwest terminal is very old and always has a ridiculously long line for security. The newer terminal is much nicer atheistically speaking, with a nice selection of restaurants, stores and slots (it is Vegas after all). The main reason they are getting two stars is due to the cluster of trying to get a cab. It's really a nightmare and can take up to an hour.
4	Well, I'll never go to Vegas again, but that's not because of the airport.Got through security pretty quick, that was nice.  Wish there was more selection of food, rather than sacrificing that space for slot machines.
5	I adore this airport. It's kept clean. There is generally plenty of seating at the gates. No matter your terminal, there are a few options for food and drink. The bathrooms are also clean. All of the directional signage is clear (I've never been lost there!).I look forward to the slot machine sounds when I arrive! They're almost inescapable; if that bothers you, McCarran obviously won't be your cup of tea.
3	This airport is exactly what you would expect in Vegas. There are glass enclosed rooms with slot machines that all the smokers bee line to after their flight to start smoking. Gross. The signage could be way better at McCarran. I feel like there are not enough exit signs or signs directing folks to ground transport.Another thing to know about McCarran is that for some terminals you'll have to take the monorail to actually get to the main part of the airport/exits. Just FYI.
1	purchased a luggage cart to push a child seat, and a roller bag. the airport is very spread out and has lots of commercial space requiring you to walk a great distance from curbside to the aircraft gate. however luggage carts are not allowed past security! i had to hand carry the child car seat and luggage and hold the childs hands! so stupid.
3	A surprisingly and organized airport for being Las Vegas. I'm so relieved that I don't smell like cigar smoke when I walk out of the airport. Which is good because once you walk out of the airport you are immediately slammed with the unforgiving, brutal, heat of the desert!!!The taxi line is ALWAYS horrendously long!! Just like a line in Disneyland, an endless supply of taxis are ready to take you to your destination and you're off having the time of your life in the adult version of the most happiest place.
1	Airports are like prisons. You ever been to jail? If you've gone through TSA, you know what jail is like.
3	I've never had a flight leave on time from here. The good thing about this place is that the security check always has tons of lines open to speed up the process. The bad is that they are a little too strict if you ask me. When I was going through SFO, I had a thing of sunblock and they didn't even care. However, leaving Vegas they told me it was over the max limit. Ok, technically they were doing their job and I was breaking the rule but hey, if SFO, one of the major hubs doesn't care, why should you? I don't know, maybe I'm just all butt hurt.
3	Cool airport. Slot machines are convenient. Security is friendly and good lounge and food selections.
4	An international airport that is always clean and organized. I've never lost a luggage flying out of McCarran - they use an error-free tagging and tracking system (I watched this on TV). I like D gates because it's modern, clean and well-lit. The only gripe I have is that the wi-fi isn't too reliable and there are no charging stations/outlets in the D gates.
4	What can I say , its a vegas airport . Great place for people watching. The location is close to the heart of the strip , so the cab ride is affordable. Free WiFi too !
3	What can I say, its an airport in Vegas.Slot machinesTerminalsGatesThe End
2	*This is purely for T1 and passenger pick up*Why add fuel to the fire? Because I can....**What does that have to do with the review though?I am one of those guys that love airports, and to have to give such a bad review based on what I experienced the other day, my god. Maybe there is something wrong with me lately, everything has been annoying me half to death... but then that's a personal problem.Anyways to why I despise picking someone up from this airport. See most of the time there are signs to direct you to terminal X for said airlines to pick up your person, and yes it exists... for Terminal 3. Now I know its easy to assume if it doesn't show up on the sign you go to the other terminal, but as I checked the flight my relatives was on, it said Terminal 2.Now this is one of the things that really irked me. No sign for airline Southwest at the passenger pick up, and no Terminal 2 sign... what the f....Where the hell do I go then? Turns out they do come out of the passenger pick up area, Thanks McCarran Airport for telling me where they are going to be.Also you have to pay very careful attention on where to go for passenger pickup. I swear I wasn't drunk, and I still ended up near the roof of the parking lot because I missed one of the exits for the passenger pick up...just great. Least I didn't have to pay for short-term parking.Maybe I'll fly into the airport and give it a better review then, but for now if your going to pick someone up, if the airline isn't Terminal 3, it's the passenger pick up area... and follow the signage carefully, or else you'll end up in ... China and have to find your way back.**Wait I know why now. So people know what's up.
3	A solid airport. Their security line moved quickly. The TSA people were very friendly and not demeaning when they tell you to "take your shoes and belt off!! do not be THAT person!" YIKES.. alright I won't be THAT person.. Looks like they were making some renovations when I was there last, so that should be nice. They have some nice dining options.. bathrooms were also placed throughout and they were clean.
5	I love how close this airport is to the Las Vegas Strip.  You get into the cab and before you know it you are at your hotel and ready to par-tay!  This airport knows what to do given the mass amount of people it sees on a daily basis.  It has always been easy to fly in and out of this place and get where you need to go.Plus where else can you gamble while you wait for your flight home?
3	Kinda a love/hate relationship with McCarran.  You love it when you land, but you might also love it or hate it when you leave!!
3	I would give this airport 3.5 stars but since that isn't possible here are some of the pro & con arguments that lead me to my scoring.Pro:It is kept extremely clean (ok, LV has $$$ to keep it that way)It is very efficient (considering the airport deals with masses of tourist travelers)Staff here is overall friendly (knock on wood)I never had significant delays here, the weather is pretty stableFree WiFiCon:Recently arrived internationally @ Term 3 and NO ATM anywhere. Fail. Wtf LAS !!!??The Rental car facility is a PITA to get to.The priority lanes for frequent travelers / premium fliers are often not worth the sign.Almost no lounges except the UA/Continental one at the D GatesThe restaurant outlets are almost exclusively fast food.That being said I nowadays try to avoid departing/arriving here on peak days (weekends obviously).Enjoy & good luck !-S
3	Flying into Vegas is quite an experience. I feel like it's one of the few places where as soon as you land, everyone bursts into a spontaneous round of applause. You can't help but smile! All the people who work here seem nice enough. One security guy even lent me his pen so my friends and I could fashion a makeshift name sign for a friend who was arriving. Most of the people who are arriving here seem to be in generally good spirits and makes people watching especially entertaining. And how often do you see slot machines in the baggage claim area? Things that I will gripe about:- There is a serious dearth of power outlets in this airport that are not near restrooms or trash cans. - There is quite a lengthy walk from some of the terminals to the baggage claim area. Which is fine, except sometimes you're walking through a creepy dark hallway area which makes you wonder if you've taken a wrong turn somewhere.- Crossing the street to get to the parking area is annoying because you have to wait for the crossing guard guy to decide that there are enough people gathered before he'll open the gate.tl;dr: It's not the most glamorous airport ever, but it tries. It's fairly clean, has free wi-fi, and is close to the strip. Gets the job done. What more is there to say?
3	Not too great looking a building but it seemed to be well managed and I had no delays. Pretty close to downtown and the strip.
4	New terminal 3 is great.  Restaurants and bars are okay, big duty free for last minute shopping.  Better than Terminal 1, and way better than the old terminal 2.
4	From what I hear much improved from what it used to be. Lines are much shorter at the security checkpoint with the addition of the new terminal, and at least in my limited experience, TSA personnel were actually nice and courteous. Dining options abound the and shopping area has many last minute opportunities to pick a gift to soothe a guilty conscience.Despite the fact that I am sure it is mentioned in every single review of this place and at the risk of being a follower, I have to at least write a short note about the Slot Machines at the Airport, it is no doubt a bit of a  surprise when you exit the jetway into the terminal and the first thing you see are gambling machines.Both inbound and outbound, my experiences have been positive, thus far.I am due for a return trip, so a follow up review is forthcoming. Stay tuned. Meanwhile, it's Vegas baby !
4	I'm actually really surprised at myself for giving this generally run down airport such a good rating but I suppose we can all have our reasons. This is not a super nice, fancy, upgraded, or even updated airport. There is nothing snazzy about it nor is there anything you must see, must do or must check out. However, it does one thing extremely efficiently. It gets you on the plane.From arrival to departure, it was very easy to figure out where everything was, where we needed to go to get taxi's, what our flight was, if it was on time, where the gates were ... and security, although highly impacted from many travelers, was a quick breeze to get through because people were efficient. It only took us about 20 or so minutes from the moment we entered until we were at the gate, and probably half of that time was walking! I do hope one day this airport would be super fancy and nice to match the rest of Vegas, but for now, efficiency is good enough for me.
4	Traveling in and out of this airport several times within the past 4 years, I have to say it is one of my favorite airports to be in.  With so much to choose from to eat and drink, and GAMBLE, how can you go wrong!?!?!The minute you walk through the gateway and into the lobby, you are greeted by slot machines and the sounds that make you feel like you are already living it up in Las Vegas.The airport is kept considerably clean and upkept. Flights are normally on time (depending on your departure city - if it is Newark, you can forget about your flight hardly ever leaving on time).  The TSA agents are also disciplined but friendly (you all know that some of these agents let their 'status' go to their heads lol!)
4	A lot of the reviews here have already given a lot of detail about the airport, so I won't bore you with that -- but I would like to clarify that this airport is MIA (that's Miami) but is LAS. So, there you go. I like this airport. I've never had a problem with the TSA guys there, the lines have always moved quickly, and the airport is well-signed so you don't get lost. The Starbucks at the pickup area is always full, so they move pretty quickly there, too. Parking has been fixed up a little where you no longer have to insert coinage. Now you get just a printed ticket that you present at the gate to pay. I paid $2.00 for about an hour while I waited for my brother, which seemed reasonable to me. All in all, LAS is a cool airport!
3	I don't know, an airport is an airport... All I have to say is, the taxi line is RIDICULOUSNESS right before party time!
4	I've flown into this airport many times. But this review is mainly for my flight into Vegas this past week.We landed some time around 10pm and when we went outside, the taxi line was....*cue Psycho shower scene sfx*. It was exponentially long. No, ASTRONOMICALLY long. It was one of those times, where you think the line is long, and then you are told to turn a corner, and you're shown to an even longer line. Despite all this, apparently McCarran has a taxi cab factory, because those guys were lined up one after the other for about a mile just scooping travelers up. We were only in line for about 5 minutes. And if you'd seen the line, you would've thought we wouldve been there for an hour and a half.Mad props for McCarran. At least their taxi service.
4	This review is for Terminal 3 which I flew Alaska this time around.  What can I say, it is definately a beautiful Terminal.  To get around was not bad at all although it didn't seem to busy at the time that I went, or was it that it was set up so well that I couldn't tell the difference, that remains to be seen.  I flew in and out of Terminal 3 and it was super easy and convenient. All in all it was a great experience and may even make me fly the airlines that fly through that terminal.  Hawaii is next and Hawaiian does fly out of Terminal 3 so I guess I'll keep you updated on that.  Until next time my friends..........
2	Ahhhh this damn airport is so long!!! It was never ending walk to our gate. -_- haha, FML.
4	When you're arriving through here you start to see the gambling begin with the slot machines you can play with the hundreds of slot machines that fill the hallways. This airport isn't as "pretty" as some airports but they kick a lot of butt in getting you on your flights, and getting the planes in the air.The first time I did fly through here instead of driving the Vegas from Arizona where I lived at the time, I flew Delta. I had a layover too which to me having a layover in LAX when i'm trying to fly from Phoenix was pretty stupid, but hey the flight was at a good cost. Anyways, I was delayed from LAX to McCarran for about 2 hours. Little did I know this was just the beginning of Delta ruining what was supposed to be an easy travel.After leaving Vegas and heading back my flight in McCarran was delayed from Delta for their, as always, unorganized and messy way of running their airline. Once I finally got on my plane and got to LAX again where I was sure that I was going to miss my flight, I did miss it! lol. Then my new flight to Phoenix was delayed 4 hours. We're talking I am sitting in the airport at 1am now, when I should have landed and been home hours ago. I finally get on the plane and make it home by 3:30am, thanks Delta. I don't blame McCarran for this or LAX as an airport. I'm sure most airports would dump Delta if they were allowed to,all this does is reflect on the airport from the opinion of a lot of people and that's not fair.The food selection in this airport is pretty decent, I just wish they put an in n out burger in this airport, that would be a great addition and probably would end up being one of the most popular food choices in the entire airport. When I was here last I ate at the Home Turf sports bar and grill to catch a burger and some water since I was pretty parched from the Vegas trip.PS: There is free high speed wi fi here as well, if you're using Delta it'll become your best friend.
5	I love this airport, because it is my entry portal into the city of sin. Kinda sad that I can instantly start losing my money on the slots as soon as I step off of my plane. You can totally tell who has been partying hard and ready to go home on return flights (I'm definitely that chick who waits for her returning flight with a huge water bottle and my sunglasses on, because I'm hating life). It is also pretty sweet that there are tons of shops that sell unique things such as that one lingerie store that sells rave furries. Security is never a hassle so bonus for that. Until we meet again Vegas!
3	Large airport... it's international after all, but my god it's a lot of walking. Needs more moving sidewalks ala Bellagio / Caesars / Luxor / MGM style. lol. could also use a facelift, it's rather lackluster in appearance, inside and out. this IS Vegas, right??
4	I love it because it's in a city I love and there is plenty to keep you busy! Minus one star because those things that keep you busy also make you broke! Haha
4	Very easy to navigate and clean.
3	t's an airport! That means that you are either excited to be arriving or excited to be leaving!Poor food choices unfortunately - at least in the D area. I was told to expect long lines at security - ended up with a lot of time to kill at 5am. I don't gamble so the slot machines were not attractive to me.All in all a pretty easy airport as airports go.
5	This new terminal is gorgeous.  1000% better than the old one.  I'm impressed.
4	Vegas ... good ole Vegas...Well, obviously we don't go to Vegas to spend too much time at the airport. Still, it's a cozy little place with quite abit going on... I always like to look at people walking back and forth almost miserable because they are leaving broke... Still somw are just happy with a 4ft.... WAIT FOR IT.........Margarita!.. thats right!... The pro's are that you can get in and out of the airport pretty quickly by taxi or shuttle.... BUT... car rentals are a weee bit of a pain in the ass. You walk a maze to get to the shuttle and then ride into the night to get to a car rental building and still some have to go on in a van... If you are renting a car... plan an extra 30 minutes to get to the place... Outside of that... It's a good place... have good shoes... and sleep when you get home!
3	Living in Las Vegas and commuting through the airport I always forget how busy the McCarran gets.  Overall for as busy as it gets I never find myself thinking things are going slow.  I am usually in and out.  The parking has changed over the years.  Before they installed the short term parking system, you could find a meter that had some time in it and go pick up your friends without paying for parking.  Now it's not too bad because they do give you a few minutes for free in case you have to park.  Overall not a bad experience most of the time.  Cheers!
3	We passed through this airport twice on our trip. It's a little outdated and I thought more of the shops would be open after 10. Loved the slots they have because, I mean, it wouldn't be a Vegas airport without them.
4	I flew to Las Vegas on Hawaiian Airlines, which recently moved to a new terminal. The old terminal was closer to the baggage claim and shuttles. However, terminal 3 is a lot bigger and beautiful! The only downfall is having to take the tram to the baggage claim - which isn't too big of a deal but it just makes the journey to leaving the airport a lot longer, and vice versa.There's also lots of restaurants at the new terminal so you're not stuck eating Jack in the Box (the price at the airport seems twice as much as the ones outside the airport!). There's also free wifi so you can keep yourself occupied while waiting for your flight.Most of the TSA agents are friendly, but there was an extremely rude (really really really rude!) TSA agent.  I wasn't the only one complaining about her. I heard other people at our gate complaining too.
5	Its small and extremely close to the strip. Grab your bags and make your way to the taxi stand ASAP! (PS-- its sometimes cheaper to do a shuttle if you're traveling alone)
4	One of the most efficient airports I have ever visited. Going through security is fast and easy, and even more so when using the new terminal. They offer free wifi, the agents I have encountered have always been friendly and helpful, the restaurant selection isn't gourmet, but most do offer easy take-out.Of course, I only take carry on with me when I travel and so I am never stuck waiting for my baggage to come out, or have to deal with the hoards of people I see crowded around the baggage claim area. I usually can hop right over to the taxi line, beating out the passengers who are hoping their luggage arrived with them. The taxi lines here are also quite efficient. I have arrived on New Years Eve and still managed to get out within 20 minutes of landing.
4	Bells, Whistles, Crazies and More!I've been here - usually in the exact same gate - about a gazillion times. I love the weird glass encased smoking rooms that look like a place to examine specimens in their little environment, I love that there are decently priced gifts if you choose to *ahem* spend all your time boozing and cruising instead of shopping.Driving into/out of the airport can get confusing, but the shuttle service from the rental car is quick and efficient, overall, this is an easily accessible airport but  for GOD's SAKE DON'T THINK FOR ONE MINUTE YOU CAN ACTUALLY WAIT FOR ANYONE ON THE DRIVEWAY.seriously, that dude almost pulled a wrestling move on me when I tried.don't do it.
4	This airport is HUGE!!!I usually have to take the tram to and from the gates so I make sure I get to the airport at least an hour and a half to two hours just because the security lines can get long even with all the employees working (ppl going through the scanners can take a while) and then walking to the tram, waiting and stuff.  Also the lines to check in can sometimes be crazy long too.It's a clean airport with a lot of things to do; a good variety of shops, different restaurants and of course slots to play as you wait to board your flight.
4	The airport is always very clean and a bonus with plenty of slot machines. The only negative thing is that the security check point is always long.
3	The airport is okay overall.  This review is for Terminal 3: the newest terminal.  I travel with a disabled child, so my opinions may be different compared to those more able-bodied.When flying out of Terminal 3, things are super easy.  Well signed, quick security, and short walks to every gate.When flying into the terminal things are a little tricky.  Finding an elevator to baggage claim is difficult.  Escalators are abundant, but it took quite a while to find the elevator.  Once we found it, we were able to get to baggage claim without any more trouble.Finding passenger pick-up is very difficult as well.  It's obvious the airport is trying to cater to transportation companies and not locals who have a ride waiting for them.  Ground transportation signage is very abundant and easy to read.  The ground transportation area is just steps away from the baggage carousels for easy access. For those meeting their ride it is another adventure.  There a very few signs pointing you to passenger pick-up.  Once you see the signs, you have to make you way through a maze using elevators/escalators and then crossing a long sky bridge.Terminal 3 is a nice looking facility and very efficient when departing Las Vegas.  It is the exact opposite when flying into LV.
5	When did Vegas airport get so nice??  Im pretty sure this was the new terminal (Jet Blue side).. it was about 3 miles from the old terminals.   The place is HUGE, friendly staff, hardly any line, hassle free security, free wifi, clean, uncrowded, new... decent restaurants... I mean, what more can I ask for??  Keep it up Vegas!
4	As I've stated, I don't travel much so I don't visit many airports, but I feel like this airport is huge! And I think on our way to the airport the driver told us he had to take us to a new part of the airport they recently built (correct me if I'm wrong) so it's amazing to me how big this place is! The place was clean, lots of options to eat and shop if you have time to spare before your flight. And of course, if you want some last minute gambling done, they have slots here too :)
1	Advertises they're "green" and u can use electronic boarding passes. How come I go through a security gate that is NOT equipped to scan my boarding pass then? Not only do I have to walk back downstairs to the ticketing area wasting time but now I have to do exactly what I didn't want to do in printing out a ticket. Also, if ur supposed to be "green," why don't u have recycling right by security so all those water bottles don't have to just go into the trash? Seriously. I mean, I know people don't come to Vegas primarily to be "green" but for the amount of plastic and paper that this city goes through, a simple thing like recycling could make a fairly large difference. Hopefully I'll forget about this experience by the time I come back next time.
2	Whoa...... International???   This tiny, efficient airport does not have much more to offer than that.   No restaurants, a few cheap shops.  I guess they know all the action is on the outside, so why try???  :)  But, it does have slot machines in the middle of the airport - now there's something you don't see every day!
5	Beautiful airport with new renovations. I departed out of their brand new Jet Blue Terminal and was very impressed. This airport was clean with many shops and restaurants to choose from. Be sure to arrive early so you can buy some souveniers and even play some slots while you wait for your flight.  They even have mini salons where you can get a quick massage or polish-but I'm sure they have them in every airport nowadays. It's also 5-10 minute drive from new Las Vegas Blvd., which is great.
2	Way too efficient if you ask me... Lines move slow and people are just plain old grumpyIts Vegas after all
4	Not a bad airport.   At around 8-9pm though there really isn't much food around if you're catching a later flight.   Have to walk down concourses to find some decent munchies.Charging stations are few and far between which sucks for phone charging.   I think there was free wifi, but I don't remember now.Overall, it's pretty easy to maneuver and find where you're supposed to go which is a good thing as far as signage.I will say that there are slots... everywhere.   If you feel lucky, go nuts, but I have yet to see someone hit a jackpot while I was there for several hours.
2	Someone turn on the air-conditioning in here already!I really liked arriving at McCarran--at 11pm at night. But having to be there in the mid afternoon was a hot mess.  Hot. Mess. The Good:Slot machines every where you turn.The Big marquee signs in the baggage claim area adds to the fun "I'm in Vegas!" atmosphere.Short wait times for luggageNice shops for souvenirs, candy, snacks, drinks.Quick and efficient security line (for us anyway because we had a baby in stroller with us--it seemed everyone else had a pretty damn long line)The Bad:Traffic in the airport circle.  Now I always thought O'hare was bad, but at least ORD has traffic "cops" directing motorists. McCarran was so difficult to navigate with people swerving, stopping and unloading where they weren't supposed to.  Ugh.Cramped concourses.  The last thing I want to do is smell someone else's hangover.  Turn up the air, build wider concourses, do something please! I might as well been at a street fest it was so crowded everywhere.Less than helpful directions in baggage claim. There are at least 4 different exits--one for taxi, one for limo, one for buses and one for the common folk like me getting picked up by a family member. The Ick: The bathrooms were horrendous. Moldy smell, stale, humid air,  fans blowing because there's water on the floor.  I overheard one lady tell her friend that "it's like butt in there" when referring to the ladies loo. Yep, she got that right.
4	Good airport.  They are pretty speedy getting the luggage out of the plane which I really appreciate.  The shops in this airport are nice.  The airport always seems to be under construction though which is kind of annoying.  There TSA agents are freaking mean assholes though.  I guess dealing with hungover people on a daily basis has to be taxing though so I will let them off the hook for that.  Other than that, this airport has been good to me.
2	Terminal c needs new carpet and more electric outlets. Not as bad as LaGuardia, but with all of the airport fees it should be spiffed up once in a while.
4	Free Wi-Fi; a bit noisy with the slots; lots of walking available; lots of shopping.  new upgrades recently are very nice.  Wait for Taxi can be long, but the lines usually keep moving.  Security is usually pretty quick
3	Finally got to experience terminal 3. I had to pick up friends and drop them off at the airport and it was all smooth sailing. We decided to step inside and check it out. It didn't really look fancy brand new but it was very clean.
2	Not my favorite airport.  Part of this is my dislike of this airport is the crowd I have to fly with.  My home airport is Ontario so I sometimes come through Vegas on layover.  This means I'm either dropping off the party people of picking them up.  As a business flyer, I just want to sleep, read, or watch my movie.  Not smell the alcohol on the person I just picked up or the obnoxiously loud group getting primed for Sin City.  I do like Vegas and usually come several times a year so don't think it's because I done like the city.The airport itself is a bit small and lines for everything move pretty slow.  Good and bad thing if you have a long layover is McCarran has slot machines to pass the time.
4	I don't gamble.  I don't frequent Vegas or travel much to be exact but when I landed here, I almost wanted some time to chill at the airport because it's like a mini casino.  The slot machines look fun although I'm not stupid to continue feeding it money whilst I burn a hole through my wallet.  I enjoy watching the people played as I tried to make my way out of the airport.  I've been to the following airports: SJC, OAK, SFO, ONT, BUR, and JFK and I can't pinpoint the size of this airport but it's pretty effin' huge.There are signs to designate travelers where to go- baggage claim, car rentals, shuttles, taxis, etc., etc.  I hope to frequent this airport again and again.
1	Watch your items at the security station.  I had a Venetian mask stolen at the security point.  They stopped my friend which was in front of me and then took my bag back through the machine - which only had a purse, sweater, and the mask.  I was being really careful with it so when it finally came back through I opened the bag and it was gone.  I reported it and ask for them to go through the tape, but of course it was gone.  So....be careful.  Shame on them that is the last place you should see that happen.
3	I always end up sleepy and sitting on the floor in this airport. Ah. Vegas.Pre-backelorette party we hustled outta there once we landed to the pretty swift moving Taxi line. Long, but quick. We were fresh, we were pumped, we were high energy and ready to party. The ching ching of the slots was pure background noise as we wheeled carry-ons outta there toots sweet. Post-bacherlorette party the bestie and I crawled along through the terminal. I'm a seasoned traveler, I get what gets through security and what doesn't, and lets just say I was so out of it that I attempted to get three mini water bottles, a red bull, and a giant bottle of spray sun block through...sigh....security is pretty understanding and didn't subject me to too much heckling over this. I refused to carry my luggage anymore till I got nachos. We ate nachos at a random tex-mex place.The food was meh, the service was meh, There was an awesome plug next to my chair and my phone was dead (Ah. Vegas.) so yay. The floor was pretty comfy. Three stars.
5	The few times I've been to McCarran, I've always had a pleasant experience. There are many restaurants and shops to visit while you are in transit to your final destination. There are so many Starbucks that if you missed one, there will be another you can go to! If you're like me, I need to be caffeinated!! On your way through security, you can enjoy Vegas Themed security videos like Cirque Du Soleil, Knights of Excalibur, and a magician trying to get through the security check. I think it's cute how they themed the videos.If you're waiting for a cab, although the line is long- it moves very efficiently and you will be on your  way shortly. What is also great is that it's very spacious and has free wifi at every terminal. One of the better airports I've been to!
2	Pretty lame and it's annoying they've made transportation a racket. Bus, train anyone? Since when is a ride share MORE expensive than a taxi? Only in Vegas...No good food options to boot. Ugh.
4	Well I've been sitting in the USA terminal for the past 7 hours since my plane was delayed for 6, but that's neither here nor there.  I've become intimately familiar with this section of the airport, so this review is for that part.  The main reason I give it 4 stars is for the free wifi that's has pretty decent bandwidth for free wifi in a large public spot.  That (and the beer) is making this delay almost tolerable.  There are some decent food options in this area.  You've got a Starbucks, Tim Hortons, Burger King, Cinnabon and a couple others.  They have a Japanese/Chinese place that isn't bad for airport food.  It's also pretty easy to find a plug to charge your electronics.  They have a shoe shine station and a place where you can get chair massages.  YVR is one of the nicest airports that I've ever been stuck in.
4	Not that bad but not the best.  But one big reason, if not the only reason, why this airport is awesome comes especially when you arrive at night.  Right when you step out of the terminal with your luggage, the bright shining beacon that is Las Vegas illuminates the night sky and beckons you to not care about comparing which limo, cab, or bus service is more cost effective, and just head straight to your hotel/casino.So overall, clean, spacious, and generous feeling, this airport is awesome in that it let's you fly into Las Vegas.Good luck!
4	With 1,284 reviews on McCarran International Airport, there is a great chance this review will be buried like a gambler in the desert. Hopefully it will be accessable in the next couple of days. With that said here is review 1,285 on McCarran International Airport (from this point foward referred to as McCarran).   Airports are very important. Besides their primary purpose of serving air travelers, they are a gateway to the city. Airports give travelers their first and last impression of the city. They are a reflection of the city.  McCarran is a first- rate gateway to Las Vegas. Going back to the 90s, when I flew between McCarran and New York airports, it left me with a positive first and last impression of Las Vegas. It is a reflection of the good things about Las Vegas. It is upbeat. Coming off a long flight, there is nothing more cheerful than hearing the bells of the one-arm bandits. To this day it is a welcoming sound after ending a vacation. Like Las Vegas, McCarran is modern. The monorail between terminals is one of the first to be used at an airport. Recently McCarran replaced the international terminal with a brand new state-of-the-art facility. Like Las Vegas, McCarran features plenty of fast food restaurants and Starbuck's. The list of fast food restaurants keep growing. As far as Starbuck's, they are at the majority of the terminals and even outside security at baggage claim. Just like Las Vegas McCarran is crowded with long lines that move efficiently. And just like Las Vegas, I am a fan of McCarran.
3	It's an airport. You get to Vegas and then you immediately go straight to partying. Even the airport is calling for a party with the slot machines located at the baggage claims. This airport moves pretty quick too. They get the job done and fly you to your destination! wohoo!
4	This is a good airport. Modern airports = great airport. Plus you can gamble!!! The only thing is it's a huge airport. I like to be able to get from gate to my next mode of transit (be it rental car, pick up, taxi, train, bus) so in that case it takes a little bit here from a few of the gates. There are slot machines spread all throughout the terminal. I think that's fun (though dangerous for the wallet). In my case I spent more time choosing food than worrying about slots. Also the international terminal is brand new and immaculate! Huge high massive ceilings, new security lines which moved quickly. It still smelled new. I like that in airport, plus shopping and eating. The terminal I flew from fell slightly short in that. Still big windows to see things, ample seating and some places to eat (plus bonus points for slots) make this a pretty cool airport.
4	Ding ! Ding ! Ding ! YAY Welcome to LAS VEGAS! This airport is pretty efficient.  I love how there are slot machines everywhere.  If you are arriving to vegas and you are alone and needing transportation to the strip, take the shuttles, it's $7 one way and it'll get you to your hotel relatively quickly.  It's a lot better than taking a cab alone.  The only bad thing about this airport is that the taxi line gets pretty long sometimes and depending on what time you are departing on a Sunday, it could take up to an hour to get through the airport to your gate.  I hope I'll be back here soon!
3	My GOD this place is way too busy for there to only be 3 TSA agents on staff. Seriously.The taxi line is way fast and super efficient, which is beautiful. Other than that, it's an airport. Not much else to say.
5	This review is for the new Terminal 3 only, because damn the other terminals are hell on earth.I remember the Las Vegas airport being a nightmare, but I was treated to quite a surprise when I landed in Las Vegas on a JetBlue flight into terminal 3. Everything about it was opposite of the Southwest terminal. It was bright, it was spacious, the ceilings were high and I damn near literally stumbled onto the street thinking I had to take that devil's device they call a tram. On my way out of Vegas I was pleased to find how easy it was to get to the terminal and then through the check-in counters and security.One of my favorite touches is that all of the gate markers (for the E gates at least) are equiped with LCD screens. In addition to showing the gate number, airline, flight number, and departure time, the background is a landmark of the desitnation city. For New York it was the Statue of Liberty. For Long Beach it was the Queen Mary. When it got to be nighttime, I noticed that the background for the Long Beach gate changed from a daytime shot of the Queen Mary to a night time shot of Downtown Long Beach. That is a really cool touch. It seems the restaurant and shopping selection behind security is much better than the old terminals as well. I'm convinced that until the other terminals are remodeled, I need to fly into an airline that takes off and lands out of McCarran's Terminal 3.
4	Had a long layover here and decided to venture about this airport. and see the sights that I could from the airport windows...and also take in the many shops located along the corridor.  I do have to say that I had to resist the urge to gamble at the slot machine sitting there.  Even if they were tormenting me to play and keep inserting my money.Being late at night when I was here I was able to venture without bumping into people.  Made it nice to be able to see everything there was to offer.  Of course I browsed a few stores and got a bite to eat during my wait.  But the nicest thing was being able to sit there and not hear all the noise you usually do during the daytime.  If only all airports were like this.
2	Simply, I hate this airport.
4	Was in n out. I love southwest!!!
4	I truly have to admit, this airport isnt that bad. It is busy as hell because Las Vegas is one of those destinations that are busy pretty much year round.
4	Wait, where am I? This isn't the hell-hole also known as 'D' terminal. There's no more tram, and everything is shiny and new! And look at that--clear directions to ground transportation. It's just an escalator away!That's right. They finally remodeled this place and moved Alaska to the E terminal. Big, shiny, easy to get to and, best of all, there's a SMOKING room right next to gate E15. No more puffing away at the very last minute before heading through security. I haven't seen a smoking room in an airport since I was a kid!Whoop whoop!
4	Nice, clean, and has plenty of access to outlets.
4	Everything in this airport is well labeled and easy to find. We had no problems with security and in this day and age that is a good day.  Luggage pick up was a piece of cake.  They have a shuttle for everything and they all run smoothly.  I know I've flown in and out of Vegas numerous times, but man this is one of the smoothest airports I have ever experienced.  I also love how they are like 2 miles from the strip so as soon as you land you are on the strip ready to party.
1	Probably the worst airport I've ever been to.  Super inconvenient.  If you need to go to another terminal, you have to walk a mile and a day to actually get to the shuttle to go to the other terminal.  Whoever designed this airport needs to go back to the drawing board.  Oh and the wi-fi is not the best either.  Depending on where you are in the airport, you barely get a signal *sigh*!  Strangely enough in the "city of sin", a lot of the eateries in the airport close at 7pm and 8pm on weekdays!  However if you like to gamble, there a plenty of slot machines in there to suit your vice!
3	Terminal 3 is awesome. Terminal 1 A/B gates blah. Terminal 1 C gates meh. It's like the vegas airport knows it can suck because people are already drunk when they get off the plane. With all the taxes we get from tourists you'd think they could spruce the place up. Maybe put in some restaurants that people would actually want to eat at. We have world class dining on the strip and food court options at the airport. It's a sad state. Rant over.
4	For Vegas I would say this is one of the quietest places in the city, which is night. It's extremely clean and well maintained and there are a decent amount of places to grab coffee and hook up to the free wifi. We ended up waiting here for a few hours and there was definitely enough to do! I think I ended gambling away a whole $8 ($0.25) slots). What I'm sad about was not taking advantage of the duty free liquor... what a deal! Can't wait to go back to Vegas!!!!!
5	Flying into McCarran (Las Vegas) airport is always a great time. Everyone is happy, upbeat and they still have plenty of cash stashed throughout their undergarments.Flying out, a whole different experience. Not because of the long faces, the hung over passengers, the arguing from the recently divorced couple, the aroma of late night cheap booze and cigarette smoke fuming from slept-in clothes, everyone looking like an unmade bed or the oversized souvenir glasses being carried by  every Vegas Virgin.Naw, that is all part of the experience you love to expect. (as long as they aren't sitting next to you).I dreaded leaving the airport because the walk to security was long, the lines were never-ending, everyone seems to walk a little slower and four abreast (seemingly unaware of the other 10,000 people scurrying to their gates).And then, just after passing through security, the need to take a tram to the gate. THe tram which is usually standing room only and having to witness that one passenger who can't squeeze themselves or their luggage into the already full shuttle tram, keeping the tram doors from closing or departing. Yes, you. Miss, "I smell like cotton candy and squeezed my size 24 body into a size 4 leopard body suit."But now, today, this glorious of glorious days...all that has vanished. There's a new gate at the airport. And that gate is Gate E. Yes, Gate E, which I assume stands for Extraordinary, Exceptional, Everyone but you Leopard Lady Suit!Yes, Gate E, my savior. Check-in is a mere "paces" away, a nice quick stroll to the friendly security podium, and no shuttle, tram or people mover in sight. And the quickest TSA agents on the planet, the best must be rewarded and moved to Gate E.My bags, lap top, shoes and belt beat me through the x-ray. I know, right?And when you get to the gate...There it is Chop House Brewery...Need I say more?
3	Very busy airport with not a lot to do on the inside other than slot machines. Good luck finding a power outlet in the terminals. If you can avoid this airport on a Sunday night I would recommend it - everyone is leaving Sin City.
5	This is a very nice airport. Super clean, lots of natural light, nice bathrooms. I've actually never had a problem with flights being delayed, though I'm not sure that can be attributed to the airport. There's a lot of food and drink options available. And, of course, you can gamble at the slot machines the moment you exit your airplane, which isn't something most airports can say. Every time I've been to Vegas, I've never had a problem at the airport. No complaints!
4	I absolutely love the International terminal.  It's clean, spacious, and security moves quite fast.  I am usually used to the long, crazy lines at SFO, and this was a really great place to take an international flight.  The bonus are the slot machines while you wait!
4	Terminal 3 is the new terminal and it is pretty nice.  Everything is nice and shiny and new.Terminal 1 is old but is the terminal that I go to most since I usually fly Southwest.It's always nice to see some slot machines if you need to kill some time.Security line is sometimes a little too long though and that can be a pain.
3	The Southwest Airlines staff here is really friendly, and although the airport is a bit loud, it's passsable as far as an airport goes.  Long walks from the C Gates to other terminals, even though the airport is not that big.
2	The main terminal, Terminal 1 is easy to get around and navigate. The new terminal, Terminal 3 is ridiculous. My parents were arriving at gate D40. Living here in Vegas, I know that is part of Terminal 1, so that's where I parked to pick them up and help them with baggage. Wrong.  Apparently, Any airlines listed on the billboards around the airport, arrive into Terminal 1, yet their bags are claimed at Terminal 3.  As a person picking up passengers, there is no way to get to Terminal 3 unless you get back into your car and drive over there.  There are no messages on the arrivals screen indicating which Terminal passengers are claiming their bags at.  Upon leaving last night, the United website indicated departing Terminal - concourse D....well that would mean Terminal 1 because there are no D gates in Terminal 3.  Wrong again. I had to drop them off at Terminal 3 to check their bags in with United, and after going thru security there at Terminal 3, they took the tram over to Terminal 1 to depart. Is this confusing yet?
2	It's been two years since our last trip to Vegas.  This time we flew in on United.  Discovered later on our departure that United is now located in the new Terminal 3.We checked in our bags and was told by the United ticket agent we needed to go downstairs to security checkpoint and then take the tram to our gate.We went downstairs and kept walking. There is a security checkpoint but the entire thing was barricaded.  We kept walking and walking.  Then we decided to go upstairs and kept walking and walking.  Then we went back downstairs and kept walking and walking. And upstairs and kept walking and walking.Finally we saw a huge massive queue and figured that was the line for security checkpoint for Gate D.  We stood in line and walked  in a maze back and forth for 45 minutes until we finally passed through security.Did we end up going downstairs or upstairs?  We don't know.  We were turned around. And the signs posted didn't help us.  We just ended up where we needed to be.
2	If you are flying out of terminal 3, give yourself extra time. I found the signs confusing and couldn't figure out where to go. The one security checkpoint was barricaded and closed. Maybe it wa because I didn't have my coffee that morning but it was quite a long walk to the find security. It was also an early morning flight and I was beginning to wonder if I was in the right place because I saw NOBODY in the terminal until I hit security. Oh and don't forget the bread crumbs because you will need them to find your way back out of that place :)
4	My flight was significantly delayed because some socialist toolbag on a tax payer purchased jumbo jet decided that his fundraising was more important than the needs of the tax paying citizens of the United States.  Anyway, gotta love an airport that has slot machines in the terminals!  If you didn't waste all of your money on the strip, you have one last shot at going completely broke!  Wheeee!
3	Maybe it was my long day of travel that got me disoriented, but I couldn't find my way out of the airport when I arrived! I felt like I was wandering around on the lower levels trying to get to the street and was thrown for a loop when confronted with that super-speedy tram. Staff was friendly and the facility was clean.It's an OK airport. You fly in and fly out. Nothing can touch PDX!
5	You can drink wherever. There's slot machines every 10 feet. And, there's enough bachelor/bachelorette parties to fuel a Roman orgy. Roman?!?! THIS IS AMERICA DAMMIT!!!USA! USA! USA!...
4	VEGAS!!!!! thats always the sentiment when you arrive. vegas..... the overall feel of when you leave..... i have been lucky here a few times to been bumped from my flights because its so busy. ill take a few hundred dollars for leaving a little later than i wanted to and even ended up at different airport than i had planned. but because of these place i have "won" in vegas with getting at least 3 free flights while trying to leave this awesome/ dreaded place. not that it has anything to do with the airport itself, but i always hate flying out back to sf because you have to go over those mountains which can be pretty choppy. you dont want your initial feeling of a approaching 35,000 feet to be of...are we going to make it over? bad feeling. even worse when you are leaving several hundred dollars poorer than when you arrived.
2	Well the sign wasn't working properly and I had no idea my flight was going out of terminal three and not terminal one. I will take some blame because I should have checked. I parked at terminal one and had to take a tram from terminal one to terminal three. When arriving back home I got disoriented in this airport and finally had to ask someone how to get back to terminal one. When coming into terminal one, you need to go to floor zero and walk out door 5. There will be a sign on the left that says inter terminal shuttle. The parking lot shuttle picks up here so don't get on the wrong one!  The terminal shuttle is a bus and plan on 10 minutes to get to terminal 1. Security took a while, they need to learn how to get people through quicker like Denver does. I saw several TSA agents just standing around, no idea what that was about but they could have used the help!  Like I said before, confirm where you will be flying out of because the digital sign when you come into the airport was incorrect. I was flying Frontier and the only airlines on the sign were United and Sun Country. I believe Spirit, Hawaiian and Frontier are all over at terminal three now.
4	Its loud, its bright, its an airport in Vegas.
4	I have to bump up LAS to 4 stars, the brand new terminal which Alaska flies into is spacious, clean and efficient. Look out for the turn to Baggage Claim as it's easy to miss and they need to come up with a better way to mark/identify it. When you walk off the flight look up right as you come out of the gate to see your baggage claim carousel number displayed.
5	You just have to love an airport with slot machines!
3	There are some good things and some bad when it comes to McCarran.  Personally, I don't think being in an airport is ever a good thing and rarely is there never a hassle.   Pros:-Security moves relatively quickly.-Economy Parking is pretty painless-Trams to other terminals are efficient-Baggage claim is large and is average wait time compared with other airportsCons:-Passenger pickup has no cell phone zone and only 2 lanes.  -Ticketing can be super crowded (probably airlines fault)-Main terminal is old and outdated.  -Few spots to sit and charge phones, computers, etc. -Many more that I'll update later.McCarran is just your normal airport.  Get in and get out as fast as you can.
3	Not the best floorplan I have seen, but still navigable.  The part where it gets a bit confusing is after you grab your bags at the carousel and need ground transportation.  Of course the limo and buss/taxi area is easy to find, but if you are riding in a private car, that's way on the other side and not good sinage of where you are going.
3	The airport is alright. Can't wait for them to do some serious upgrading, but at least we had free internet! The terminals are small and I wish they had better food to choose from, but hey it's an airport!
3	Friendly and efficient TSA here and the line usually moves relatively quickly.  The baggage check in areas can get really congested so try to get there early so you aren't impatiently standing in line wondering why you didn't get a cab to the airport sooner.  I agree with a few other reviewers in that you should eat before you get to the airport unless your idea of a meal is a bag of overpriced chips or a candy bar.  Not that they don't have any places to eat but none of them look overly appealing nor do any of them seem to be locally owned joints (though maybe I didn't pay close enough attention?).  It's super easy to grab a cab, bus, or shuttle outside of baggage claim upon arrival in Vegas.  Airport is easily laid out and plenty of monitors to check departures and arrivals.  As this is a fairly busy airport, it can be hard to get a seat while waiting for your flight and the areas to charge up your electronics are usually always full with people standing around waiting.  Be sure to make sure you're all juiced up before you get there!  New terminal is nice and clean.  Overall, not a bad airport at all.  Oh, and of course, there are slot machines conveniently located throughout the airport!
5	Slots are fun put in $12 ,left with $46. Quit when youre ahead
4	Just in case you didn't lose enough money in las vegas...gamble more at this airport while you wait for your flight! LoL...
4	Convenient access, normally pretty efficient (except for the security line at times), large and central baggage claim.  Minus one star for the addictive, incredibly tight wheel of fortune slot machines here...
4	Love this airport. It's fun to come into and out of with views of the strip if you are on the correct side of the aircraft. Plus it's Vegas!
2	Vegas hates me.  She really does.  I've been wheelchaired to my hotel room in the past (I was young and reckless when I was 22), she drains my wallet, she takes my dignity, and she is like a bad dream (when recalling my trips, I can only remember fuzzy snippets).  With that being said, I stay far far far away from Vegas.  I prefer NYC over Vegas as my destination of "escape".  Although I haven't partied in Vegas for the past 4 years, I have been stuck in this specific airport due to layovers.  Here's the deal, there is without a doubt ALWAYS a delay whenever I try to fly to SFO.  I have no idea but it always seems like the case for me.  I was stuck here for 3 hours during Halloween night  Long story short, I had nothing better to do so I ended up pretty much "donating" a wad of cash to the slot machines strategically placed in front of my boarding gate.  I couldn't believe I lost so hard in a matter of minutes.  I even ran to the Wells Fargo ATM machine to get more cash to burn.  I wanted to undo my impulsive act of stupidity after realizing I wasted my money gambling, of all places, in an airport!  Who truly wins in an airport?  My opinion, there's probably only 1 big winner a year and it's more than likely an old person flying back to Florida who checked in 7 hours before his/her flight with an extra 6 rolls of quarters inside his/her fanny pack. That's my bitter visual.  Either that, a fat guy with an unlit cigar and a Hawaiian shirt also waiting for his flight to Florida.  +2, lack of outlets, dirty restrooms, outdated waiting areas, lame slot machines, and delays for days....I would have given a better review if there was a Sex and the City slot machine.  I once played it for 5 minutes and without even knowing what buttons to press, I won $998.  Make sure to add that machine if you ever plan on upgrading the entire place.
4	My favorite International Airport for sure.  I've been through many, including LA, New York, DFW, Chicago, and SFO.  By far, McCarran is the most efficient. -Pros:-Plenty of parking-New Terminal (3 added this year)-Clean-TSA efficient and quick-Airline Ticketing:  efficient and quick-Plenty restaurants, but usually quick stuff.-Trams between gate for all you lazy one's.  Like me.-Easy airport.  Really hard to get lost here. -One of the more quieter airports to leave from on Thursday, Friday, and Saturdays-The Celebs.  Cons:-Parking is expensive after 3 days.  But the same everywhere else. -Slot Machines:  I don't gamble much, especially on slot machines. These machines don't pay out.  I want my $10 back!!!-On the way in, the "Vegas Baby" crowd-Busy Sunday, Monday, and sometimes Tuesday's.-Big Event or Big Fight in Vegas:  Expect big crowds and long waits for a taxi. This is the one of the most convenient and easy airports around.  I'm not being biased either.
3	While the beep and tweet of the slot machines at the gates might make McCarran Airport seem a bit exciting, the gate area is the calm before the storm.  As you move from your airplane to the baggage claim and transportation, each step is preparing you for your overall Las Vegas experience:  Noise, lights and lines.  And possibly some confusion. The Good:  The airport is clean, modern, lots of places to eat and sit in the gate area.  The transportation from the gates to the terminals (and there are not 2 major terminals, so make sure you know where your airline really is!)   The new rental car facility is nice, modern, and uses a single shuttle bus for most rental car companies.  The lines for security are the longest of any airport I travel through and many of the mutants that visit Vegas are not clear on the concept of how to go through security efficiently.  (That may explain why Ma and Pa Kettle pack their entire house in to their carry owns and have to dissemble it in to 14 plastic containers to go through the metal detectors.)The Bad:  Lines.  Lines to get a taxi.  Lines to get transportation to your airport.  Lines for the rental car shuttle.  Just lines.  Things are not always clear which door to exit from to get your specific type of transportation, so check and then check twice.    Recommendation:  Arrive during off hours.  Either late at night or in the middle of the day.  Depart EARLY morning (before 6AM) or after about 2pm.  That seems to make the airport zoo a bit more tolerable. Hopefully the massive new Terminal 3 building is going to make things a bit easier once it is in better use.  Right now, it is still sometimes confusing where to go and what to do.
2	Outside of the novelty of slot machines in the terminal, LAS is really not all that impressive.  Entering and exiting is fair enough with one of the larger taxi queues, but the interior security lines are a nightmare.  Because this is a tourist town, just like Orlando, security is a real bottle neck here and you have to take a shuttle train to your terminal afterwards which just adds to the time.  In general, it is clean, bright and modern, but far from one of the better airports in the US.
2	Not enough moving sidewalks. Not enough "wow". This is Vegas! And who did Southwest Airlines piss off to get the gates a half-mile from the security entrance? The nicer hotels in town should chip in and spruce this place up.
4	Gambling on an airport? yes please. This where you can squander your LV winnings or win back your money. It's a nice airport, lots of walking. The food choices are ok, nothing special, nothing bad. There seems to be a good amount of seats on the terminals, I've always found a seat.
4	Why 4 stars? Because it's the ambassador of the strip.   ---   ---   ---I have no idea what it's like to be a regular traveler from this airport, but what I do know is this:When you're excited to be making your first or rare visit to Vegas, what is cooler than stepping off the plane and seeing/hearing slot machines going crazy? You are looking dead-on at the strip from the windows of the airport, and immediately upon slots as you walk out of the air tram. I don't really know of a cooler way to start off a trip. Judging by the other reviews, it apparently gets old quickly. Maybe... but maybe I'm amused my colorful flashing lights and sound effects more than others.
4	Terminal 3 was awesome.  No more riding the tram to the D gates.
4	Las Vegas (LAS) McCarran International Airport has been nicely expanded, designed and renovated over the years. I arrived LAS to Delta's Terminal D. Delta does not have a Sky Club here, but, United Airlines President's club, which I am also a member is conveniently located near my arrival Gate D36 so I stopped in for some snacks and drinks. Upon my return to LAS at around 5:00am to return home (EWR) I found the UA club was already opened and operating with coffee and breakfast snacks so I was happy. The club had a nice selection of magazines, which I greatly appreciated. And then off to my 6:35am flight again at Gate D36 to EWR via SLC.LAS also features a very nice effective mono-rail between the main terminal and the sub terminals.The baggage claim area is also quite large, but, effective.
4	McCarran Airport is a busy place! Once you step inside the terminal, check-in is relatively simple. Since I travel a lot, I give this airport 4 stars for the fact that it has TSA Precheck. Once you get to the terminal, the gates are pretty standard as far as convenience for a large airport, not great, not awful, but a-ok.If you live locally, parking is pretty convenient, a 6-floor covered garage next to the terminal. It has been a while since I've rented a car here, but as I recall the process is more convenient than most considering the size of the airport.Plenty of slots available to lose your money on as you wait to board, also plenty in baggage claim. What a racket! Fun though! :)  There are also lenty of stores and places to eat.
5	Before writing any more, I must admit that I don't usually have any problems in airports. This one seemed pretty average for the most part (which translates to good in my book) except that the staff seemed especially friendly. I'm not sure why airports get such a bad rap lately. I'm starting to think that people just walk into them in a bad mood and it clouds their judgement. If you're respectful to the employees, they will show you respect as well. I have never encountered a rude gate attendant or security officer, and I'm starting to think that it has less to do with luck and more to do with the fact that I don't give them a hard time. This one definitely had friendly smiling faces to help guide you through your check-in, security, etc, so it definitely gets 5 stars.
3	A lot of work has been completed between my first trip to this airport in 2002 and the present. I've always found LAS to be not a very convenient airport with the exception of it's proximity to the strip. I've experience longer than normal wait times to check in and go through security, though this time both were splendidly fast. I've never been delayed by local weather here, so that's nice. Seating can be a challenge to find at busy times but at least there is a decent selection of dining options.
3	Not the most desirable food selection or smell but who the heck cares... YOUR IN VEGAS BABY!
4	Easy to get around, security was fast, it doesn't reek of smoke like the rest of the places we went (it did reek of broken dreams though)... Slot machines, plenty of eats and Carvel! Of course it was super early in the morning so we weren't able to get any ice cream but it is nice to know it is there!
4	Welcome to Sin City. Everytime I left here....it was never "as planned." Thankfully the airport is a 15 minute cab ride from the strip and it does not take a long time to get through. I honestly believe they go easy on all traverlers, knowing that they most likely are hung over or still intoxicated. The airport has free wifi, clean, adequate food (full California Pizza Kitche and Cinnabon) and even slot machines if you need one more chance to win your $$$ back.
5	I have not been traveling much but I do have to go to the airport to pick up people a few times a week!  I love this place!  I can sit for hours and people watch, so many different characters come through Vegas.  You see families reuniting, the party goers and the older crowd you are here to eat, drink and gamble!  The restrooms are clean, Starbucks is WAYYYYY overpriced!  $5 for a regular coffee.....no thanks!  Ill wait!  Short term parking is always available for just $2 an hour.  Security guards get a little crazy when in passenger pickup, always blowing their whistles telling you to move, well sir, there is someone in front of me I can't move so stop telling me to!!!!!!  I ventured into terminal 3, the brand new terminal that had just recently been opened and it was great!  Not crowded, no traffic, parking up the wazoo!
3	Quick to get through!  I don't think I could give any airport 5 stars since traveling through them with all the TSA and other rules it takes forever and is never fun.  Got through security quick.  The concourse I was in had a good amount of restaurants to choose from and a food court.  Overall, it is a good airport to fly through.
4	I've traveled a lot.   And I am very familiar with airports and McCarran is actually pretty good.   They handle a huge number of passengers daily.   And one must remember the passengers you see at McCarran tend to be tourist who are not used to traveling on a regular basis.  So, they move a bit slower and they get confused because they are unfamiliar.   But the airport does a great job of moving them in and out of where they want to be.    The flights tend to be on time, but a small hiccup can take a long time to clear out due to the huge volume of people coming in and out of Las Vegas.   Like most airports, there are plenty of places to grab something to eat or drink.   They even have an oxygen bar to help you recover enough for your flight home.   The security lines actually move at a decent speed, so that's good.   I am bummed they moved the car rental lots away from the airport to a central rental center a few miles from the airport.   It adds a little time to process of travel, but it reduces the overall traffic.   Also, on the positive side, they do offer free wifi, but I find the wifi to be hit and miss.For fun, when you arrive at McCarran, you can spot the people leaving, they look tired, very tired.   And when you get ready to depart from McCarran, you can spot the people just arriving, they have all sorts of crazy energy.   It's fun to watch. Will I be back?   Heck yeah!   I love Las Vegas.
5	This airport is awesome! It's one of the bigger ones I've been to and it's easy to navigate. You never need to worry about being bored either. Since it's Vegas there are slot machines everywhere, as soon as you step out of the terminal. There's also so many stores and restaurants. If you still can't figure out what to do just look out the windows at the amazing views of the Las Vegas strip! I've never been bored in this airport. And if all else fails, just listen in on tourists conversations about "What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas". You will probably hear the most craziest stuff that, well, only could have happened in Vegas!
3	An airport is an airport really. I had a better experience on the way home than arriving. When we arrived, we didn't understand where we needed to go to get our bags. We ended up in the wrong terminal, and had to take a shuttle to the correct terminal. The shuttle driver was very nice. It was also hard to find someone to ask for help.On the way back, there was hardly anyone in the airport, so we got through security within 5 minutes. Everything went smoothly. They don't have a lot of places to eat at (that I saw), but they do have plenty of slot machines. If you're into that.
3	The heart of vegas air traffic.
3	The heart of airport traffic in Vegas.
3	I flew into McCarran International Airport for the first time over Labor Day weekend. The airport is basic. It's easy to find your gate and baggage claim. I like the easy access to your gate, it spare you some time. The cool thing about the airport is the slot machines. If you forgot that you are in Las Vegas, the slot machines definitely remind you. The food and shop options are limited. Most people at the airport seemed excited to hit the town (Vegas) or sad they were flying out. The airport has a cool atmosphere during the day. Once you fly into the McCarran airport, the taxi line can become long. Keep that in mind. The security check flowed at a steady pace at night.McCarran International Airport is a solid airport nothing over the top.
4	The new terminal 3 is lovely. Check in and security were quick. Lots of fast food options. Most stores open until 11pm.
4	What could you possibly say that would be negative about the entry point into the debauchery  capital of the world?- Slot machines, check.- Full on liquor store in the baggage claim, check.- High speed trams for those that took advantage of all the City had to offer that need all the help they can get to get back home, check.Well, they COULD set up some DFS stores in the terminals. That could be helpful.
4	We've been to Vegas a few times so we've passed through this airport and find it easy to navigate. It's not too large so making connections is easy. The security process is relatively quick. There seem to be a variety of eating options. I would not want to spend hours and hours here, but my impression is that it is a pretty user friendly airport. Baggage claim downstairs can take a while, but that is true anywhere these days. At least the baggage claim area is interesting to look at while waiting. And once you get your baggage it is out the door to a taxi or shuttle. The rental car shuttle is efficient and fast. Overall, this is a pretty good airport.
2	Crowded...loud...few amenities..what's to like?
4	i like that i can get in and out fairly quickly and that access to the other gates is just a tram away. was in terminal 3 the last time i was there. really nice! id say very comparable to incheon internation airport. it would be perfect if bender from futurama or r2d2 from star wars drove the trams...
4	Flying to Vegas from LA was a very spoiled thing to do, especially when it only takes me about 3.5 hours to get there driving! Clean, big, staff was professional and helpful. If people paid attention on what they were suppose to do then we would be in and out quicker during the strip down. =) Only in an Vegas Airport you would see slots while you wait to be boarded! Too funny! It was a painless experience, getting a cab to our hotel was easy, $20 and your there on the strip. A little advice, don't take freeway, take the streets, it's cheaper!
4	Overall a pretty decently laid out airport. Once you get in its pretty clear where to go to pickup your bags and get to transportation. The baggage claim area is huge so there is plenty of room to get your checked bags. From there they have limo's and shuttles at one exit, or on the other side of the building they have the cab pickup and that is well organized as well. There really is not that great of selection as far as places to eat or shop, so really there is not much to do if your waiting for your plane, and maybe that is a bit intentional so that you will be enticed to make your way over to the slot machines so that they can get more money out of you.
4	Nice new wing of the airport!  Very clean and fast, no large wait lines... yet...
4	I gotta be blunt. I wasn't made for Las Vegas. I'd never step foot in Nevada if not for my job. That being said, I've always had good experiences with staff and boarding and luggage etc. here. So at least i don't dread that part of flying here.
3	Not the easiest airport to get in and out of but hey... Where else are there slot machines next to baggage claim!?  Insider tip, book early flights, they are more convenient and cheaper than late nite.
3	You're flying into VEGAS baby, but aside the odd assortment of slot machines, you might as well be flying into Ames, Iowa.  There just isn't much going on.  It feels Podunk, and everything locks up tight as a drum by 9 PM. Meh.The one big redeeming quality is the free device charging station in terminal A.  If your smartphone is perpetually out of batteries, at least you can charge up your phone while doin' a whole lot of nuthin.
3	McCarran International is OK with me.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=WsuJ5IHUm04S80QaDtxgUg&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwBut it has its pros and cons.Pros:Very helpful friendly staff. Not overly busy (like LAX)Slot Machines (see cons)Free Wi FiPlenty of food optionsVery Clean!Verizon recharge place to plug in electronicsHappy gamblers who won!Cons:Expensive Shops (had to buy 3 make up gifts I left on car rental transit)Rent a car is miles away from airport (15-20min shuttle)Slot machines (see pros)TSA was not very efficientPlanes taxi on runway for ever! Crabby gamblers who lost!Huge airport! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mccarran-international-airport-las-vegas?select=ty-612sK0khE6Ypq5W0kuw#YWur8tXdIaEDWDVKhVM_7AStill beats the hell out of driving 4.5 hours each way!I'll be back!
5	Standard airport.  The reason I give it 5 stars...There's never a line at security when I go!  Luckily i guess being a local i'm flying opposite traffic usually.  But either way they are fairly efficient and everything seems to flow.  There is some construction and it seems to be growing in size.
4	Traveling for business - One of the better airports I have seen but to be honest I am from vegas so I will always rep my city!
4	Easy airport to get in & out of, & convenient stores & restrooms all along. It would be nice if WiFi was free.
3	There are both positives and negatives with this airport. I like that I've never had to come here super early before a flight because the lines are never super long. There are many food options and there is free internet. But I don't like that the walk from the gates to baggage claim is super long and that there aren't enough charging stations or outlets throughout the place, but coming here is fun because of all the lights and slot machines make me excited for VEGAS!
3	I have to admit, this is my least favorite airport to travel through. You would think that an airport in Vegas would have a little more going on, but I guess they make it boring so you hurry up and get out of there and head to the casinos to lose some money?
3	I really really really don't like layovers at McCarran. It isn't easy to get around, and it doesn't feel like the terminals are laid out very well. There are a lot of slot machines (well, it IS Vegas), and a general feeling of washed-up scum. This place doesn't look clean...On the up side, there is a pet relief area outside the ticketing area (felt like it took a while to walk there from where my plane was gated). It is a tiny fenced area made tinier by a concrete support beam, but they have disposable bags and a trash can. The airport is also extremely close to the strip, so it's nice that you can spend less on cab fare and save some for the tables.
3	Lots of plugs all around, free and fast wifi.My only gripe is the lack of good food ANYWHERE.
4	Vegas!  Great airport when compared to others in USA.  Well run taxi line for business travelers.  Bags don't take forever like ATL.  Slots and food.  One of my favorite airports.
2	What a crappy airport. You would think with the amount of money that rolls through those doors they would take some time to invest in some better amenities... Poor food selection for when you are hungover/waiting for your flight. The whole place is just drabby. BUT, they are always fast with their security line which is the best after a long weekend of going hard. Word to the wise: If you are flying into or out of SFO don't be on the last flight, they are ALWAYS delayed.
4	***This review is for the new TERMINAL 3***It's been a LONG, LONG time (11 months) since I've flown into LAS (Las Vegas Airport) and wow, such a big upgrade has happened here! I don't even think Terminal 3 existed until recently! No wonder it took a good ten minutes for the plane to park at the terminal after landing (LOL). Upon my arrival from PDX to LAS and stepping into the new terminal, I didn't recognize where I was. PERKS+ New facility+ Helpful staff (will give you directions if you're lost)+ Easy to get through TSA+ Ample room for seats (some handicapped seats)+ Some slot machines if you want to gamble+ Bathrooms are equipped for you to place your luggage in the stallsDIRTS- Driving around can be confusing for the "passenger pick up" - make sure you read the signs if you're going to pick someone up from Terminal 1 or 3. In addition, you may have to pass through Terminal 1's passenger pick up to get to Terminal 3's passenger pick up. Terminal 3 is quite modern and I'm glad LAS got an upgrade for this area. It's a tad of a further drive from the usual Terminal 1 (which I think needs an upgrade), but nonetheless for any domestic flights, you'll be passing through Terminal 3. It's not too shabby and wouldn't mind flying through here again!
4	Easy in and out. Can't really complain.
1	There is no Sprint service here! The airport seems better than LAX
4	Typical airport with some slots to help pass the time
3	I travel for work once a while and have friends that live in other states (duh.. I guess we all do). So there's only one option to fly out of. Since the airport is considered international there is always tons of people traffic everywhere. There isn't enough shops to keep one busy while waiting for a flight or arrivals. The one thing that really disappointed me was the Lack of visible TSA and Police in the airports. I'm sure there are plenty of undercover agents walking around, but I personally feel more comfortable with more.
5	If you remember how McCarran airport was one or two decades ago then you'll be happy to know that its MUCH MUCH better now. I've been to this airport probably 25 times or so in my life, my opinion of it as a child was more or less "please can we not ever go to this airport again!!!". Yet now, after the streamlining of the rental cars (with the rental center) and the addition of more...well everything...the airport is fantastic. There are now better and more accurate flight times due to expansion of not just the terminals but the taxiing areas for the planes and passenger areas. My experiences here have gotten progressively better and better as years passed...my recent experience here was the fastest and best. Of course you must put into consideration that we went in December, but honestly it was a great nice change to come in the winter, that damn summer is so HOT! So anyway, the introduction of mobile boarding passes too really is a great feature for airlines and airports (I would like to see more passengers using them though, perhaps their sales/marketing teams need a fire up their butts). The whole airport is clean, the restaurant/quick stop areas are great and plentiful. There are tons of taxis always waiting...and at some point I KNOW they will get the monorail to be extended to the airport, which will be a dream come true honestly, it would be such a freggin busy monorail and so great for the environment too! The free wifi is a huge plus too, and its pretty fast! All in all, they have done a great job with this airport over the years. I feel qualified to write this review since although I might have had bad experiences while younger at this airport, it's obvious to me that you must go somewhere many many times to really see how well it is ran, maintained, and upgraded! Have fun and enjoy Vegas!!! :)
3	It's a decent airport. Not super crowded, no long lines at security. But the food selection is pretty limited and when I first arrived, it smelled like cheese, which I found really weird since I landed at a terminal with no restaurants.When I left, there was a dude working at a Southwest gate who was absolutely anal about lining up in order. So unnecessary and it was the first time I'd seen that over years of flying with Southwest, including once a month for 4 years when I was in college.
2	McCarran needs better signs for where airlines are!!! Terminal 3 is for international flights I think. **Go to terminal 1 if you're looking for Southwest. Good to know when you and your friends are hungover from a crazy night trying to get you to your flight on time! 2 stars only because they seemed thorough at security ;)*GET THOSE SIGNS UP McCARRAN!!!
4	Never had a problem passing through McCarran Intl Airport & the D-gate is always very clean and tidy. As longs as you follow the signs you can easily find your way. I love all the lights and noise coming from the slots machine because there are some airports that I've walked through that seems pretty depressing.  The lounges that I have been inside in are great just to have a comfortable seat, some snacks, & free drinks.
2	The airport is in need of an update.  It is very lack luster, there are very few healthy options for food (although this is common for airports) and there are still random Oxygen bars (do people still use these?).  The bathrooms are pretty dirty.  They have some corporate sponsored "charging stations" but they are typically crowded and you can see people up and down the terminals either sitting on the floor or hustling to grab spots when they open.  Unless you are coming to or leaving LV, there are much better spots to have to lay over.
3	I didn't win as soon as I walked off the plane, disappointing. But seriously it is simple to get in and out of here, even after a night in Vegas with a noon flight (BLAH) security is a breeze. They could use some updates to the baggage claim area, it's pretty dated but it's decent.
2	Now that then new Terminal 3 is complete, perhaps this older section could get the renovations it badly needs.Every time I fly into Las Vegas it seems I'm in a different terminal.  Most recently, flying back to Kansas City, I was in Terminal 1 out at the A gates. The round piers of gates clustered together would have a cool retro vibe, if it wasn't so dark because a lot of the fluorescent light fixtures are burnt out.  The carpet looks old as do the chairs and not in a cool way.  It's as if the A gates of Terminal 1 are an afterthought of the rest of the airport. Badly in need of renovation.  It's a shame too because there's a great view of the strip and it looks as if the windows were recently replaced.  The center area is dominated by slot machines and there's a gift shop adjacent.  Fortunately, I didn't have to spend too much time before my flight or serious boredom would have set in.  With so many airports being destinations themselves, it's a bit surprising how uninspired and uninteresting this area of the terminal turns out to be. Not much of a welcome or farewell from Las Vegas.
5	I love this airport because it's Las Vegas. Only time I don't like it is when I have to leave.Seriously tho, the taxi lines are pretty fast and the wait persons are efficient.
4	It's modern and not too crowded. Free Wifi and they fly Jet Blue into Long Beach. Almost 5 stars.
1	Worst TSA Security I've ever experienced.  Rude and lazy staff, took forever and it was due to being inefficient.
4	Like an old rash, this place makes me itch every time I come in or out.  When landing, you get that nice rush of adrenaline, but when leaving you're twitching to get the hell out of dodge.  Organized decently for all the rif raff that passes through security, this airport is the MOTHER of people watching.  High tech executives, call girls, traveling conferences of sales people with cheesy suits, and cagey poker players, literally you see all kinds. The last time I was here was the Electronic Conference, which made it IMPOSSIBLE to eat or drink anywhere.  The super cool thing about the airport is you can grab a $20 margarita and take it back to your seat, licking your wounds after gambling.   Seriously though, security is efficient, with the people cracking jokes, because I'm sure they have some GREAT stories, and getting to the gate is fairly quick.  Plus just in case you really have a gambling problem, there are tons of slot machines for your liking.  All in all, its entertainment while waiting to get home.
2	The new terminal is awesome, and if you arrive in the morning, the taxi line is nonexistant.  It still smells of desperation and shame when you step off the plane and see all the last minute gamblers pulling away at the one-armed bandit.
4	Fairly small of an airport, at least the section I was in. Unlike a lot of big airports where you have long walks before and after security, this one is pretty small. You get through security and the gates are right in front of you.
3	Let's face it...I brought this on myself. Who the hell decides it's a good idea to save like $20 by stopping in Vegas on the way from Nashville to Los Angeles. I do...I suppose. I had a two hour layover at McCarran on a Saturday morning right after CES. The thing about this airport is it's freaking tiny...I mean it's huge but really the ceilings are soooo low and there's hardly any seating so most people are sprawled along the hallways. There are slot machines around every corner which you think might be kind of fun until you realize they're shitty machines and most people sitting at them are asleep because there is no where else to sit! In fact most people in the place were either hung over, drunk or asleep. Again to be expected in Vegas. Also in my particular case the airplane was in the air for 40 minutes between Vegas and LA and the stop over was completely pointless really. I will never make that mistake again.
1	I wish I could give zero stars because this airport blows. Long lines at TSA. Took me over 45 minutes to get through.... I'm not joking when I say that I witnessed as many agents as I have fingers and toes BSing with each other and slowing down everything... Atlanta handles twice the amount of people as this airport and I can get through it in 15-20 minutes. What a waste of tax payer's money.
4	McCarran International. The airport you can leisurely gamble at and then grab a flight. McCarran has evolved quite a bit in the many years it has been here in Vegas providing tourists and locals flights to and fro.Currently I work at McCarran. My job to be undisclosed. I work at the new terminal "T3". The new terminal is completely different from the old. It is marble, expansive, long, sterile. It's what a lot of airports look like. But once you understand the layout it makes sense. T3 also offers gambling (although in smaller capacity than T1) and it has numerous restaurants - a chop house, quite a few fast food options, a Starbucks and a Coffee Bean. It is also just a tram ride to D gates which houses many more options for dining and shopping.Since T3 replaced T2 there is no T2, so there is just T1 and T3. One day, I suppose, T2 will be referred to as some strange place that really never existed *waves hands in an eerie way*. Who knows why they didn't just make T3 the new T2? We'll never know...As for T1 - it is in dire need of renovation, except for C-Annex and C-Gates, which houses the entire Southwest flights for the airport. A/B gates are exceptionally old, as is the security checkpoint. The whole thing should be busted up and re-created to look newer and nicer. D-Gates checkpoint is also poorly lit and stinky. The place needs a serious renovation. The actual D-Gates (which is separate from the checkpoint) is a very nice, new cosmopolitan looking establishment.Parking isn't terrible, but you do have to pay the meters. It's easiest just to time it right so when you pick people up you only have to pay a few bucks. Sometimes passenger pick-up can be a hassle because those cops out there really don't like you to sit around and make you drive around and around if the people you are picking up aren't there yet.So there you have it - the run down of McCarran.
5	Fast moving security line for a Sunday morning.
5	The 5 star rating is ONLY for Christmas Day 2012, when there no stress and no lines for anything.  No waiting in line for TSA, just 90 seconds from checking my ID and boarding pass to the gate area, no crowd waiting to get into the bathroom...  The TSA personnel were even smiling!On any other day, terminal 1 of McCarran would probably be hell but I can say I enjoyed going through this airport at least once.
5	Easy-flow airport - in and out. Houston needs to take lessons!
3	Every single time I come to this airport, I swear, that it has gotten bigger and expanded. I understand they want to be THE airport to be, but seriously, it's just so crazy big! Right now they are still constructing their new tower which would help operationally. But for the average traveller, you are walking all over the place taking a tram to and from the gates to the ticketing or baggage claim. And don't even get me started on the rental car place. Which will get a review from me soon. It's just ridiculously huge! And yet they can't even get it so that pedestrians don't have to cross traffic! I mean, Hello! The pick up drop off area is crazy for both cars and pedestrians! Things I love: ample space to hang before you go thru security, shopping areas if you forgot to get souvenirs, eating places, kiosks to check in at, slot machines for one more chance to win, cool art work. Things I hate: walking forever to anything, no one cleans the tables quickly, walking forever to anything....It's a huge airport. Hopefully this will help them bring more flights like they want.
3	A huge airport!!!   Give yourself plenty of time to pick up a rental car if you plan to get one.   It is fairly easy to get to it though, just hop on a shuttle bus and it will take you to the rental car place!   And if you didn't have enough slot machine experience in Las Vegas, don't worry! there are plenty of these machines at this airport!     Also give yourself extra time to get to the gate on the return flight!!! again, it is a huge airport!!!
3	Lots of food selections, quickly moved through security, and you can gamble in the terminal (if thats your sorta thing).
4	I've never had a bad experience at the McCarran Airport.  The lines are relatively quick and efficient, the wifi is free, there are slot machines, and you can drink in the terminals (wooo Vegas!)I was surprised that there's only one bar in the terminals since it is Vegas (Jose Cuervos Tequileria). I wish there were more charging stations/tables/outlets available.  I've never seen a spot at the charging station so I always end up at a restaurant to use my laptop.  Overall, I've never had a bad experience at this airport... I'm sure the alcohol helped :]
3	I've had good and bad experiences here. Most recently, I flew in on Virgin America and it was the first time I've been to terminal 3. It was nice not having to use the monorail. It was clean, security line went quickly, and there were plenty of options for food and drinks. I wish they had table games in the terminal.
4	Free wifi, short security lanes, and clean. -1 star for not having many electrical outlets in Terminal D.
4	i love the slot machines in the airport, hahaha
1	What a dump. Stuck here on a layover?  Here's a game you can play to spend the time. Try and find an available power outlet to charge your phone or computer?   Make it interesting by grabbing some friends and see who can count the most. Good luck. But apparently they have no problem plugging in hundreds of slot machines. A disgrace to airports worldwide.
4	Is this a casino? Nope, its an airport. But it is Vegas, so don't be surprised by the Slot Machines and drinks in the terminal! You know, McCarran suits me just fine. I had super easy time getting to and from my hotel with a shuttle, and getting to the plane. We flew on Alaska Air, and they had an Oxygen Bar right next to our flight gate, it was convenient and refreshing after our crazy, fun time in Vegas. Only thing I noticed is that there isn't many power outlets. So thats a -1. Charge your portable devices at your hotel before coming to the airports folks. Other than that, it was all good for me!
5	T3 is da bomb.  so super awesome that even the usual mean TSA agents seemed nicer.  T3 is so amazing that it makes PDX's awesome terminal feel like crap in comparison!  Why is it so awesome?  Easy flows.  I mean, you seem to glide everywhere!  It's simplistic in its layout.  It's minimal in design.  Gonna fly Alaska Air now every time just to experience T3.  you can go anywhere within minutes.
4	The new terminal is nice.
3	For the volume that they handle here, it is not so bad. However, when there is a large convention in town it is a mess. The taxi lines are impossible and you have to take a 10 minutes ride (plus the lines to get on the bus) to get to the rental car centre.There is a number of remote gates accessible only through the use of automated trains. Waiting for luggage seems to always take forever. That said, security is generally not too bad and you can kill time by loosing on the omnipresent slots machines. Delays are rare due to the generally nice weather.
3	Vegas baby! But when are they going to fix that taxi line?! SoooOo slow each and every time.
4	Review for Terminal 3:Wow, this is a nice addition to our local airport.  I flew out to San Francisco via Virgin America and it was fabulous to be dropped off at the curb without any other cars or taxis fighting for space there.  I grabbed my luggage, rolled up to the check-out counter, checked in, got through security, and was at my gate in less than 15 minutes--woo hoo!    I was so early that I had over an hour to grab a latte at the Coffee Bean, take advantage of the free wi-fi and chill.  This terminal is spacious, clean, modern, and not crazy packed like Terminal 2, for now.
3	For such a busy ariport McCarren still manages to be user friendly.  Unlike placs like SFO or LAX McCarren isnt confusing and pretty straightfoward as fas as airports go.  There are lots of places to shop and eat not to mention all the slot machines including the iconic Wheel of Fortune LOL.  Depending on where your gate is located you may have to walk quite a bit, but given my fondness for eating I really dont mind :)
4	What can I say it's an airport, it has airplanes..........and so much more! Wide variety of places to eat from the pretzel place, ruby's diner, nathan's hotdog and so much more. Airport is kept nice and clean including the restrooms.Slot machines all around! If you still got the itch you can still try your luck!Pretty easy to navigate through this airport signs all around.The only knock is after you get your luggage at Terminal 3 if you decide to catch the shuttle there is a long walk from where you purchase your ticket to where the shuttle is parked! Ridiculous!
3	Oh LAS. I get the biggest kick out of the fact that you can gamble absolutely everywhere in Vegas..including the airport for either your first or last fix. The airport didn't seem too bad, checkin lines and security lines were long but moved quickly and the airport wasn't difficult to travel.  The only issue I personally had was that I couldn't find a quiet spot to make a phone call.  I couldn't hear who I was trying to talk to and found no where to finish the call.
3	TSA is getting better here, not as time consuming but they could really improve the gate signs.
3	I'm not going to win any points with the LV tourism bureau by saying that the lowlight of my life is always flying into Vegas and the highlight is flying out of.  Why?  I hate Vegas the way a mouse would a cat.  Vegas crouches in the shadows waiting to pounce on me and bite my head off by ripping my purse outta me and maxing out my credit cards and cash.If you want to see what Vegas is like in an encapsulated and somewhat dated place (like a casino that's gone past it's hey day), hang out at the McCarran Airport for a few hours.  Sure, it's added some space and parts of it are newer than others, but they still have those old clunker slot machines and the tacky souvenir shops.  The security lines are some of the longest I've ever encountered (Depends on the time and day too).  Booze is everywhere (it goes hand in hand with the gambling, you know) - all that's missing are those foot-long margaritas, the strip joints or the people standing around hawking stuff or throwing the titty bar cards at you.  But if the McCarran airport had all of that, you wouldn't leave the airport and experience Vegas itself now, would you?
3	I have never seen so many bodies slumped on the floor, crouched under phone banks, sitting next to garbage cans all vying for precious power outlets to charge their phones/tablets/laptops.  Here is my idea, feel free to steal it: open a coffee shop with carousels each equipped with a power outlet - better yet, time the outlet based on your purchase (lol!!!) every dollar spent gets you 3 minutes!!! EVILSo, think about how this facility enhances your travel.  I like the automated walkways, the art (yes, there's some art), the glitz of the slot machines, and the ads for shows, particularly in the huge baggage claim area.  And baggage claim has improved noticeably, bags arrive very quickly from the plane.  Free (but sometimes overloaded) WiFi.How does it hamper or annoy?  I hate waiting for the gate-terminal trams.  Already mentioned the absence of power outlets.  Not enough seating in the gate area.  High priced food.  WRETCHED security 'line management', and longer than necessary waits.  No decent place to "chill".  Airline checkin counters seem oddly inefficient, my SeaTac does far better.  Finding your way to your rental car can be difficult for the unitiated.Undoubtedly, for better or worse, I'll be back thru here.  Keep trying!
2	Security is always quick.  The taxis try and rip you off, tell them how to get somewhere don't fall for the "I'll take you the scenic way."  At least the taxi line goes quickly.  The baggage claim is pretty fast.  The starbucks is slow as hell.  People are either happy or depressed, but that's Vegas.
4	For Superbowl weekend I thought going through there was going to be a nightmare.  Surprisingly it wasnt bad at all. Lines were quick, people were friendly, and we were at our at gate with plenty of time to spare.
5	ahhhhh Oh how I love that feeling of landing at Las Vegas Mccarran International Airport.....and Oh how I hate when I have to go there to actually leave Las Vegas :(This airport is flawless so really got nothing bad to say. I come in from Stockton, California Allegiant airlines. You land and they have signs directing you to the transport to take you to baggage claims. I generally only have a duffle bag on me so I don't really do baggage claims anymore , but when I did I had no problems. You exit baggage claims and go directly outside and decide which shuttles you want to take(Bell trans for the win!!!! Baby!!!!)  Pay the money for the round trip shuttle and hop on the next one and they will take you to your hotel. Call one day in advance and they will pick you up from your hotel and take you to the airport for your departure. It's really that easy. This is like that one city where I have the aiports mastered 100%...I'm not bragging but just keeping it real ;) . If you want you can take a limo to your hotel...whatever floats your boat. Now when leaving Vegas it's still not really complicated. go to your section of the airport(For me generally allegiant airlines) and they will get you your ticket. Now the TSA part is tricky. I've been to Vegas and had times when going through TSA was a breeze but also had times when the line was backed up for days. Basically if you are leaving in the Afternoon/Evening then make sure you are at least an hour early for your flight.! If you go early in the morning then getting through is generally a breeze. Heck one time I lost my I.D. in Vegas but since I went to the airport so early they were able to get me figured out and situated pretty easily. If I would have went in the afternoon...probably would have been a different story!This is an airport you love to land in but hate to depart in. The happiest part is when you are getting on your shuttle to go to the hotel and you look across the street at all the people leaving Vegas and you can't help but grin......don't laugh since that will be you next lol...
2	An airport is an airport is an airport, right?  Yes.  But there are things that can make airports better and McCarran could use some improvements.  The PA system is pretty impossible to hear and it can be incredibly difficult to get from Point A to Point B which is a significant problem if Point B is your departing plane's gate and Point A is the entrance.  Also just in need of some updating - from carpet to shops, seems a little dingy.
4	McCarran is a solid airport. Flying in from Dulles, you can really see the differences between an airport that tries to stay up with the times and integrate with the community (McCarran) and one that is dated and sterile (Dulles, although they are slowly getting better)The shops and dining options here are solid. My only complaint is that there's not a place to get a good craft beer in the airport that I know of. Sure, you can get a Sam Adams or a Stella ... but those are hardly worth the buzz IMO. Oh. and don't play the slots and VP here ... worst odds in Vegas. Leave it at the casino.
3	It's not bad, just get there early if your leaving form a convention...it will take at least 30 minutes to get through security and too your gate.
3	If I'm going to have a layover at any airport in the US, I would have to be here. I would say this is a great airport because of the slots, but that also makes it not-so-great because I love slots and I can easily lose money if I am here too long, haha.It's Vegas! So there has to be slots, otherwise, it'd be a boring, normal airport. I really hate how far terminal B is from Terminal C. Also, the walk between those two terminals is like the most lackluster experience. Any other airport would have a plethora of stores for you to see, but not at McCarran. Gates are easy to find too.There are so many people here, which makes the restrooms dirty and kinda filthy. Ugh. It is right across from The Strip, so you don't really need a taxi if you have a layover long enough for you to have some fun. Just don't forget to get back in time for your flight.
4	Nice Airport. It does not take long to get through TSA and they have a number of gift shops and fast food restaurants throughout. Its neat that they have slots, but I imagine they are even tighter than the ones at the tight casinos.  They have shuttle service as low as $7, and even local bus service if you don't mind learning it.
4	This is a nice clean airport l, not super crowded. You can arrive for your flight an hour before departure and still easily make it a flight. It's a little more busier during afternoon and evening hours, or if there is a bigger event in town. There is an OK selection of foods etc and some decent shopping. The new terminal T3 is really nice and clean. I fly in and out of this airport twice a week. Never had any issues.
4	Welcome to Vegas, where you can't even walk to the baggage carousels without bumping into a slot machine.As others have noted, this is a modern airport with none of the dated industrial vibes that many airports (cough Dulles cough) suffer from. It's roomy, well lit and easy enough to navigate.My only real beef with McCarran is that you're inundated with bright, loud advertising the second you walk off the plane. Want to stay at the Wynn? Looking for great night life? Go to the local gun range to shoot machine guns? Restaurants? Show girls? You've seen it all before you even get to the baggage claim.But, I'd happily take this over the sterile funk of Dulles.
3	McCaran is a tale of Terminals. Depending which terminal you are flying in/out of will dramatically sway your opinion of this place. When there are 1,000's of slot machines yet still tons of people camped out on the floor so they can plug in... It automatically loses 2 stars for me. I mean really... Don't have the dough to put in some extra seating...? Really?It's a good airport, there are certainly worse, but how good can an airport be..?
4	Las vegas airport is one of the better ones. It is just ther right size and always clean. I don't like the way you have to take a monorail but it's not that bad or that long of a ride. Right when you get off the plane from wherever you are coming from you automatically enter the world of VEGAS!!! Being overpriced food and slot machines. Not matter how badly you want to put your money into these machines because your super pyched your in VEGAS..... DON'T. If you want to waste your money you can just give it to me. I will waste it for you in other less meaningful ways, like drunken night Wetzels pretzels. Classic. One of the better things about this airport is the short term parking which I have used before. It is never crowded, super easy and cheap. Sometimes I have to pick up several people in multiple hours and this works out. The reason why this airport dosen't get 5 stars is because they definatly need more outlets for our best friends aka: electronics. The only one I was able to find that was not in use was on the floor in the way of the check in line. So desperate I still sat on the floor and used it. I know pathetic.
3	Serves it's purpose, but it is in definite need of a remodel! You think Vegas could afford to do a complete renovation judging on all the cash they pull in from the Casinos! The rental car facility is awesome though!
4	Very clean & everyone that works there is friendly. Slot machines all around, which is great for anyone that likes to gamble. There are a good amount of places to choose from when hungry or thirsty, as well as gift shops and a duty free shop. We were constantly being updated on our flight and boarding status, which is a plus. What's even cooler about this airport is being able to see the Strip from the airport & not too far a ride.
4	First off: prepare yourself for the taxi line. It can easily be an hour long no matter what time you get in. Might be worth a car service depending on your budget.That being said, any airport that has slot machines throughout is A-OK in my book. Plus, in the Delta terminal there is this magical place that will give you a massage before your flight. The perfect thing for your hangover!Restaurant options are slim pickings...but you're in Vegas, chances are you aren't going to eat when you land and you just need a greasy burger for that headache before you leave!
5	I am a fan because we won money in the Wheel of Fortune machine on our way home! It was the first machine on the left walking into the food area in B.  Good luck!
3	They didn't frisk me, which is a negative or a positive depending on what kind of mood I'm in, and the fella that checked my ticket was a sweet pea.
3	This airport requires you to walk alot when you are departing on any flight. Your arrival area is jacked up with slot machines so the minute you get off welcome to Las Vegas! lol The security area had an average wait time and it wasn't to bad overall. The rental car area was easy in and out so no complaints there.
3	Looks like McCarran has a new terminal, which is Terminal 3. I like this Terminal - wide open spaces, high ceilings, lots of natural lighting. Also, brightly light signage so it's easy to navigate. I guess I'll be flying in and out of this Terminal a lot. One thing that I don't like is the lack of a TSA PreCheck Screening area, and airports which are not experienced with TSA PreCheck are often somewhat confused as to what to do with those who are a part of the PreCheck Program in my experience thus far.
3	If it wasn't for the 5 hour delay I had to sit through when I was coming back from Vegas, I wouldn't even bother writing a review, however, here I am reminiscing my torturous experience I had recently gone through. This airport is exactly what the three stars mean: A-OK. When you get there and you are going to the strip, the best thing I can suggest is taking the shuttle right off the bat (round trip). It takes you straight to the hotel, though it may stop at other hotels first, and they load and unload your luggage. If you do get the round trip, they give you a number to call at least 24 hours in advance to reserve a spot on the way back. The shuttle usually picks you up at least 2 to 2.5 hours before your flight, though the airport is only 10 min or so away. It's def cheaper than the cabbies - they rip you off soooo badly in Vegas! Unfortunately, we flew spirit (I have another review for that alone), and instead of departing at 5:20 pm, we left at 10:04 pm. I had a good 5 hours to really get to know the airport... and I have nothing good to report. There are barely any food options around and the ones that are worth mentioning (Starbucks, Einstein Bagels) were already closed. There was only one airport shop which really sucks because I didn't have a chance to buy any souvenirs during my 3 day stay, so I thought the airport would give me some good choices to pick from. I would also say that the prices are pretty high considering that we had a $7 per person voucher for a meal from Spirit (how very generous of them) and it still wasn't enough for two hot pretzels and two drinks. The obviously cool part of this airport are the slot machines since you won't see that any where else, but I don't gamble, so it made no difference to me. This airport is perfect for those who have planes that leave on time, otherwise, it's a pretty lame time if you ask me!
4	Only Vegas can have an airport like this - celebrity cameos on the TSA security screens, bars and slot machines all along the terminals, and taxi's galore lined up outside to sweep tourists efficiently out of the terminal and into the casinos. The only reason I gave this airport 4 stars is that there is still the lingering smell of smoke in certain places and due to the popularity, security lines can be very long.
4	Vegas baby ;-)
5	Renovated and gorgeous. Plus arriving here is just the best feeling in the whole world. Just writing this review makes me ready to party
2	Wow, but McCarran is a weird airport. If you are stuck in the C terminal, you are in a crowded area with oxygen bars, cranky travelers, and limited food and shopping options. If you are in the newly rebuilt terminal 3, you are in a light airy vaulted ceiling commerce-o-plex with shops and restaurants galore in vast open spaces. Between you sits a TSA checkpoint, that you either have to exit and re-enter to go between terminals, or get friendly with one of the TSA officers and beg them to walk you through.
3	this airport confuses me when i get off the plane in vegas. i always forget that i have to take the tram to get to the baggage claim area / out the airport. i like how it is so easy to find the restroom right when i get off the plane. LOLi like how this airport has some last minute gambling or start your gambling right when you land into vegas. i remember one time my friend and i were stuck at the airport due to a delayed in our flight -- we were at the slot machines to pass by time. you have to remember that there are 2 exits -- the exit closest to the baggage claim is where the shuttle is. and the exist away from the baggage claim is where the taxi line is. i was so lost and confused when i step out the airport looking for a taxi. i exited to the shuttle area and had to walk back into the airport to the taxi area. Getting a taxi was super easy. There is a a line and the line moves pretty quick since every taxi is waiting for business. i hate how the gates to my flight was so far away from the security area. it was seriously a 10 min walk!
3	I've only flown in to stay a handful of times, but I've had layovers here plenty. After years of it, I'm finally putting down a few thoughts. Let's go pro/con on this bad boy, shall we?Pro: --Convenient location. Not like Denver where you feel like you're flying into a neighboring state. When you land, you're pretty sure you're coming down on the road until the runway appears right there.--Food. It's packed in there. Not always what or where you want, but there are options.--Flights. It's busy, and pretty big, and flights are usually cheap and the come in at all hours of the day and night.Con:--Not nice, or new, and with the addition of slot machines it just sorta feels like a dated casino.--Layout. Ugh. Long, skinny terminals with big bulbous pods on the end where they cram people in. Someone's always in your way if you're in a hurry, and it's an airport; you're always in a hurry.--Signage. Not really clear on inter-terminal transportation and routing, and for crying out lout can you please have more signs for the bathroom? We almost had a catastrophe on our handsIndifferent:--Baggage claim. (Although I've only had lost luggage twice and both times it was from Southwest at LV)--Security. So-so in line time.--Parking.--Seating. Not too many plugs, actually, but usually enough seating.I don't like spending too much time here and it's not in my top half of favorite US airports. Should I worry that I have a top half of favorite US airports?
4	THAT WAS EASYI love flying into McCarren. I feel like the staff here are friendlier than some airports; plus it's big and clean and easy to get around.AND we can gamble while waiting for the flight! We actually didn't want to gamble this time. We wanted to charge our phones. There was a charging station but it was standing area and we had comfy seats at our gate. There was an outlet on the floor to plug our chargers into but it wasn't working. We  didn't have time to check out any of the food or bars but saw quite a few options. Lucky for us, Virgin allowed us to move to an earlier flight and we didn't spend much time in the airport!
3	My first landing there.  Airport wayfinding is a bit overwhelmed with all the lights and gambling machines.One fact I did not love was that there were so many people SMOKING everywhere.  That was just plain NASTY!!Might make me avoid this place in the future.
2	Well it's Vegas so it has this going for it.  Southwest terminal is a$$ if you have to wait for a flight though as most restaraunts assume that your just going to hop on a plane and not need to wait around.  It felt like the whole terminal was unprepared for the crowd they had and I was returning on Wednesday so I was surprised.  Maybe its Southwest to blame and not Mccarran but you could learn a lot from airports like BOS and DFW.
3	Good full service, international airport. The security lines are horrible here but with Pre TSA I am a happy camper when flying out. I think that this airport could use a little face lift however as it seems to look nearly the same as it did 10 years ago. It could also use some more upscale eateries.
5	McCarran Intl Airport is a very well-run facility. The gates and security checkpoints are easy to navigate and the security personnel are relatively friendly. Compared to other airports in the US, I would definitely rank it in the top 5. As far as friendly advice goes, I STRONGLY recommend printing out your boarding pass at your home or office. While the security lines move pretty quick, you could spend 30-45 minutes waiting in line at the ticket counters for your boarding pass. If you have to check bags this is unavoidable but for travelers who fly with only carry-on and personal items, you can save a lot of time by planning ahead.
3	I've been through here a few times, but not in a few years aside from a recent connection. All was well for the most part, although there is inadequate seating in many of the gate areas, so lots of people end up on the floor or standing. There are also tons of slot machines in the airport, which is a unique touch.
4	Good job at streamlining the check in process. I moved through the airport so quickly despite tons of march madness traffic. Hey O'Hare, what gives?
3	3.5 From a perspective of picking someone up. Easy to navigate around. No crazy twists and lane merging (looking at you LAX.) Came on a Sunday morning and place was perfectly calm and empty. Parked for $2 for the first hour in short term parking to pick someone up.My only gripe."Passenger pick up" LOL what ever happened to "flight arrivals" or "arriving flights?"I assumed "passenger pick up," was exactly what it says, a place to pick up passengers. The older generation in the car disagreed and said that there had to be an arrivals section for Southwest. Nope. The tiny little section that is passenger pick up is where you pick everyone up from Terminal 1. Nothing wrong with it except when only half the people in the car get it, it might be time to change the wording.
4	It's quick, convenient, and flights are generally in/out on time.I've been coming here for years, presenting to client national meetings and such.I LOVE the fact that for about the last 6 years the BELLS and WHISTLES on the slot machines are turned OFF in the terminals. Ahh.
4	Been to Vegas a few times and I have always been a fan of this airport. It is always alive, no matter what time of the day or night. Quick service, even through security. Gizillion taxis abound to whip you away when you are ready to leave. On a different note, insist that the driver does not take you on the freeway or through the tunnel to get to the strip. They essentially double the cost of the ride by doing that.
2	I've been to Vegas a few times now, and with every time I learn or experience something new (i.e. : not good) with the airport.  The last time my husband and I were out there, we learned there are just some things you take for granted - like cleanliness. Bring a lot of hand sanitizer to bathe in, because you'll feel gross after your time in this place.  Plan on spending a lot of time in line, since no one appears to be in any hurry, even if you flight is leaving in 20 minutes and you've been in line for the past hour.  Also, if your hotel offers a shuttle (like a lot of them do), take it.  Every time we've been here I was worried we were going to be abducted by a weird, wayward cab driver.The tram is ok, it's no too hard to navigate, but everything else is a big ol' mess. It never fails : attempting to find a place to eat soon turns into a major quandary.Also : stay away from the California Kitchen or Baja Grill if you want to get a quick bite to eat.  The workers could care less about food safety and keeping things, shall we say, "sanitary."  Gross.
3	McCarran International has one great feature.  If your final destination is here you are visiting Vegas and getting from the terminal and out to all the fun and games is quick and easy.  If you're not - well more fool you, this is not the place for a lay over and is best avoided on that front.When I'm arriving, I just want to get to my hotel and then to the Blackjack tables, or if I'm here on business --- well okay, same thing until I have to do the serious stuff!Leaving Vegas via this airport is a whole other experience.  The layout of the terminals is atrocious, and going past the rows of slot machines where desperate people try to remake their fortunes before their flights just seems depressing to me.  Food options and most other amenities also seem poor in the terminals here in my experience.I will give this airport one more redeeming feature though.  If you are traveling out from here the security is really fast and friendly, at least if you're on Delta and heading to SLC, and that is what allows me to redeem it to an A-OK rating.
3	Walked in and straight to gate b, Thursday at 5 is a dead time!Fairly easy to navigate through this airport.
3	As the drunks, and the bankrupt try to stand on their two feet and wipe their tears away, I was just trying to get on my flight, weaving between all the crazy people.  The people watching here is unbelievable.  Not to mention the last minute gambling before hopping on the plane back home (love the slots in the Airport).Security was a breeze and my flight left on time with no hiccups.  Overall this airport is acceptable.  I might have had a stronger opinion if I wasn't recovering from a hangover myself leaving Vegas - full disclosure here.
2	The fact that this airport absolutely sucks is a blessing in disguise. I love Vegas, and this POS airport is one of the only things that keeps me from visiting the strip on a monthly basis. It's old, it smells, the security lines are longer than Space Mountain on a Sunday. No matter what day or time you fly in, it always takes forever to get a taxi.I just want to get off the plane, start pounding booze and get to my hotel without having to fight lines, crowds, and washed up hookers... but apparently that's asking too much. But if you want to enjoy the bright lights of Vegas, you have to suck it up and venture through this awful airport.
4	We have one of the easiest airports around- and trust me, I have been to many. The new terminal is really nice and spacious. I am having a hard time understanding why they have you go to Terminal 3 to check in, only to take the tram back to terminal 1 for the D and C gates. This makes no sense and wastes a lot of time. Ha- maybe it is so they can make more money on parking.
2	Ugh, coming from the beautifully renovated Sacramento airport this place looks like a dump.  However, it is just an airport that you need to get through to go have some fun in Vegas.  It's not the worst of places, but it definitely doesn't get you pumped as you are about to start your trip.It is old, smokey, and in dire need of some TLC.  The food sucks too, which is also a big downside.I guess I'm now spoiled having Jack's Urban Eats in the SAC airport!
1	I love Vegas!  But I'm... never impressed with this airport at all... it's so old and is in major need of remodeling!  It always seems dirty to me, but I guess it doesn't help that a majority of the people here are drunk or hung over and probably may have had some yack attacks here and there.... but so many people visit Vegas throughout the year ... throughout the week, why don't you guys put some money into remodeling some of this?!And TSA, as busy as Monday mornings are for the earliest flights back home, why you no open more lanes up!?!  The line always moves terribly slow.  :c
3	This review is for T1 (just for clarification)Overall my experience at McCarran has been decent, I've never been late to a flight and security lines have never been an issue.  For departures, the D gates are definitely the nicest, when I flew Southwest I had another gate area and it was very dated with low ceilings and not a lot of space.Baggage claim is reasonably speedy and it's not a big walk back to long-term parking which is a plus.  I really wish the baggage area would get an upgrade as this is where many of our visitors get their first look at Vegas.  In some ways this area is stuck in a time warp around the mid-90s.Parking fills up on holidays so more often than not you'll have to loop around and drive to the economy lot and wait for a shuttle.  I don't dread this airport, but it is not as well laid out as my home town Detroit (DTW)
4	The closing of Terminal 2 last year and recent addition of Terminal 3 I'm sure makes people think this city is truly as dumb as they believe ("They managed to build a whole terminal before realizing they skipped '2'?") but IT IS GREAT. After all these years later, I still stand by my original McCarran Airport review. And one of the reasons why I still can is because of the recent addition of Terminal 3. T3 is mainly for international flights and some domestic carriers like JetBlue.The tram to connect to this terminal makes you feel worldly, as if you were in Heathrow or JFK. Granted, when you look out of of your plane and see the Egyptian pyramids and the Eiffel Tower together through your window it's a little disillusioning knowing it's not real, but hey, we try.
3	I'm not a fan of airports, and I'm also no travel expert. I hate airports and get extremely anxious finding the right place to pick up, drop off or park. There's no greater horror in airport driving than arriving before the person I'm picking up arrives. All that being said, McCarran is a dream. Even *I* can drive in a circle over and over without getting lost or anxious, so I don't mind if the person I'm picking up is late.
5	I have travelled a lot in my life so far and have been to a gazillion airports from places with 2 gates to your Frankfurts, JFKs, and LAXs of the world.  McCarran is and will always be my favorite.  It is easy to get around between the gates, your luggage comes out quick, and there is actually things to do when you are waiting for your flight and not just slots either.
4	Always had a decent experience here with lines, security, and general operation and cleanliness.  I don't like that there isn't a Delta lounge here, but I like that this place has a fast entrance and exit.  Although it is a small airport, don't let it fool you.  It is run very well and efficiently.  Usually I am out and within the strip in half an hour from touching down.  There are progressive slots for you to lose money on even on the way out.
3	It seems to be an older airport. The slot machine noise gets a bit annoying near the gates and the D terminal around gate 42 is seriously lacking enough plugs. In D there is a United Club, the new American Express Centurion Club (open only to any AMEX cardholder - $50; free for Centurion card members), and a very small club by gate D1 on the Priority Pass membership list. Good views of Vegas depending where in the airport you are. Very friendly TSA agents with a good sense of humour - they seem to enjoy their job and made the queue move quickly. I didn't have a bad experience here, but I won't be adding it to the list of my favourite airports.
4	what a well oiled machine this airport is. . . . wow.You fly in, catch a shuttle to baggage claim, grab your bags and catch a curbside bus to the car rental facility.  The lay out of the airport is easy to understand, easy to find your way around, with plenty of shops and eateries along the way.
4	This airport does fine, but the baggage carousel is in a bit of an enclave, then you have to go back out of it to get a cab.Leaving the airport was also fine.  Nothing spectacular, nothing bad.What makes this airport unique?  The slots.  Everywhere.  And the smoking room - more slots.But when you're visiting Sin City, it's really really close to where it's all at!
3	Could use a modern renovation, but why spend the money on the airport when it's the casinos that keep getting bigger and better. Lots of food choices in the southwest concourse c. The newer terminal is awesome but I rarely ever get to hangout there due to not flying allegiant anymore. And of course the slot machines are fun, I just wish they were some of the newer games instead of the 80s games.
3	This airport is semi confusing even to me who is a savvy traveler. I got on the wrong train (T1) to baggage claim and needed to go to T3, but never saw signs for T3. Then on the way back to depart from the airport, security check was longer than a line for a ride at Disney World. Not a good mix for someone literally only running on 20 mins of sleep in 3 days and m&m's& vodka!
4	Picked my girlfriend up from her flight in from Miami. I have to say the parking is easy and affordable and going to baggage to great your guests couldn't be easier. I was so glad she came to town and super happy I was able swing in and pick her up and swing right back out to 215 so we could hit Summerlin for dinner.
5	Love getting off my plane and watching for the "Janet" flights in the morning and late afternoons. Kinda sad watching people throwing away their money on the slot machines in the terminal but I guess everyone can hope and wish....
4	Very nice airport! They even have a special line for pre-check.. That was a great time saver.. for those of you that fly often, its a breeze..Very clean, nice stores.. some high end stores and great lounges.. and thats after security... Before security, there are lots of slot machines but otherwise seems like a regular airport.
1	I hate this airport, check in counters are so outdated and slow. Shuttle train sux, and enough of slot machines! If I can avoid this place I would.
1	This has to be the worst airport I ever been too. It looks like everyone here hates their job. Anytime I ask anybody for service or question I get a sarcastic rude answer. I don't know what to make of it. Should I get offended and ask what their problem is or brush it off. Just don't expect any type of good customer service. On top of everything our flight was delayed 1.5 hours and the alarm keeps going off making sirens throughout the airport. And when we asked a worker here she said it happens all the time. Good thing I had such a great time on my vacation I'm not gonna let this place ruin it for me.
3	Yes McCarran has made overall improvements, but Southwest still has some of the slowest security lines, geez! Hundreds of people in line and there are (2) TSA agents with (3) conveyor belts/metal detectors. I requested a pat down in lieu of the body scan and the poor TSA agent had to yell for a female assistant four or five times over a 20 minute period before anyone showed up. The Southwest gates are probably the furthest gates from the security check, but there are plenty of snack stops and bathrooms spread out along the way. The bathrooms are very clean and have plenty of stalls.5 stars on the remodel3 starts for efficiency and speed
3	ive been in this airport plenty of times.what can i say? its an airport. its pretty easy to navigate and i havent really had any issues here.the one thing that i can suggest is to arrive with plenty of time. ive known of people how got there and were turned away, having been told that they were too late- when there was still 30 minutes before the flight.
4	Travel on a Saturday is great! Not busy at all.
4	Really nice Airport, just a few blocks away from the Strip, Shuttles to/from Hotels are great. Security in my case was really laid back, there was nothing special that week in Vegas, so it was really relaxed. They know, tourist that just come and leave with less money in their pockets. I liked it. Immigration Officers are really relaxed. Customs? Oh god, they didn't even ask anything. On the way back home, i still won about 20 bucks in the slot machines here. From the runway you can see the Luxor. Nice view.
4	I may be bias because I know my way around the lay of the land here and it's a easy in and out for me. But I do think in general, the proximity of the airport to the strip is very convenient for tourists, as long as they don't get  the "Las Vegas Blvd" tour from the cabs. They are starting to add a better selection of quick eats but still much to be desired when comparing to other metropolitan airports like San Francisco.  I like the new terminal because parking, and drop offs are a breeze with no traffic attendant threatening you to leave.  But I still get confused on which airline is there and the freeway signs are not that helpful in guiding you.
4	Not a bad airport at all. :) The shuttle services are a cluster.. But the airport is good.
3	Cute small airport for an international one, the McCarren has everything you would need if you are stuck in an airport and needed something. Need? What can you possibly need?Slot machines. And slot machines in rooms where you can smoke.Yes, Sin City has slot machines for you while you either wait for you flight or wait for your baggage claim. Why? Why are you feeding to my gambling addiction? (Okay, I don't really have a gambling addiction, but still...)The only other thing I would like to point out is that half the restaurants and stores shutdown down once it's past 10pm. So much for the city that doesn't sleep.
2	This is easily my least favorite airport I have ever been to. It was so crowded and loud! Not enough seating, unless you sat at one of the bajillion slot machines.Food was WAY overpriced. 10 bucks for a freaking breakfast combo at Burger King...too bad I was hungry.The carpet looks like it came from 1983, and the people arriving look like they are stuck in that year too.Next time I'll avoid this airport like the plague!
3	I find reviews on airports and other government run operations next to useless.  I mean are you going to fly into LA or SLC and drive down to Vegas because they are horrible ... the beauty of no competition is you don't have to worry about customer service.That being said here are a few pointers to make your experience as painless as possible ... I've flown in and out a McCarran too many times to count.  The one thing I enjoy about McCarran is the people watching.  All walks of life in one place and often times after a week long bender.  Good times.There is also plenty to do at McCarran while your flight is delayed ... lots of bar/food options and how many other airports can you play slot machines at?The security lines are not all created equally.  The B gates are often times the quickest to get through and since all the terminal connect you can get to you gate this way too.
4	Love the free wi-fi which is stable and easy to sign in to.Tons of eating choices.Five bucks for a bottle of Perrier is a rip off but otherwise things are fairly priced.Easy to navigate. It's actually a short walk so you don't have to take the tram.Security lines can be VERY long at times so I always leave time to be safe.Oh ya, nice having slots in the terminal in case you have time to kill!  :)Keep up the good work.
3	I don't hate this airport as much as LAX, but it's pretty confusing.  There's like 50 lines for southwest organized in no order what so ever.  Your rental shuttle takes you to one area, then you need to take another shuttle to your terminal.  Then find really confusing long lines for southwest indoors and outdoors! I had mixed bag with employees, 1 was really rude and mean, 2 were really nice.  Tip - I think the outdoor lines are shorter
4	The Free wifi is the bomb!  Lots of food choices and shopping plus quiet areas to kill time!  The big plus that Las Vegas (and Reno Airport) have as a crazy advantage is the plethora of slot machines to kill the time.  You'd wonder why more airports wouldn't put in slot machines.  Maybe then they wouldn't have to charge so damm much for food or you could get a drink from a cocktail waitress!  Lol!
1	Do not even think  about it. After seeing tv ads decided to try the chicken. Wrong, dry, old but the staff was having was having a great  time, quality was not a concern.
4	Slot machines in the airport! Yay, double up, yay yay!So my usual loves or hates for airports are how many food offerings they have and how easy it is to navigate the airport. There is a decent amount of places for food and drink here and it's a super easy airport to traverse. The bathrooms are typically pretty clean here as well which always makes me happy. No one wants to do that 'I just got off the plane' bathroom stop in a cockroach mixer. "Hey, how you doin'?" "Hehehe... he's such a dreamboat cockroach!" *swoon* It can get to be a little smokey smelling around the glass walls of nicotine but I can overlook that as I also have the opportunity to win some of my money back on some shiny and noisy slot machines. Usually I fly through security pretty quickly here but there have been times that it's taken entirely too long. As long as the rarity is the long and painful wait I think we're doing alright here. This airport signifies awesome funsies about to happen when I land and the horrible reality of having to get back to real life when departing. I'm a fan.
1	Idiots. (TSA)Let's say you only have one x-ray machine open. How many security lines would you open up? One? Not these guys. Two - one for regular people, and one for baller status people? Not these guys. Three? SURE! Let's open up 3 different lines for one x-ray machine!! Let's let one queue pile up to 60 people, and then split that line into two after the checkpoint so we create a mega jam at the x-ray machine and a backlog at the check-in station. Wait, that's not moronic enough. Let's open up a third line for ballers except let's let anyone else through it that's not already in the backed up queue! And they can just skip ahead of all the people that have been waiting for 30+ minutes!This is how I went from standing directly behind my brother in line to about 20-30 people behind from him. I tried to point out the obvious to a few different TSA idiots, but some just laughed it off and kept drinking their to-go cups. The senior citizen at the check-in podium who created one part of the disaster just couldn't grasp what he had done by creating the 1-lane-into-5-back-into-1 choke point. He was very old, and very kind, but very stupid.Fuck you guys.
3	Mom likes coming to the airport early so she can play the starwars slot machine. The guy sitting next to her just won $300.00.We visit Las Vegas 5 times a year so we are very familiar with this airport.We take Hawaiian or United so we are in the new terminal 3. It's actually pretty easy going through tsa here and they have a ton of check in counters via computer screens so it makes it quick to check in.They have a few good places to grab a bite to eat and they are open late when we are taking the red eye flight.The slots here pay out so that helps pass the time quick.Bathrooms are clean and spacious.Free wifi which also makes the time go by quickly.Easy airport to navigate.Just arrive on off hours or the taxi lines are really really long or make sure you have a car service arrange in advance that makes a difference.
4	Can I complain about an airport with a liquor store in it?!!  I think not.  I had carry-ons so I didn't have to deal with the baggage claim mess.  But I did have to meet my niece there.  I had no problem finding it.  As soon as I found my niece..........we went straight to the liquor store.  Super-duper overpriced!  But no biggie.........we're in VEGAS!!!
4	Gamble right in the airport only in vegas
3	This airport is a bit confusing and lacks restaurant options. However, I've never had a bad experience here (the two times that I've been, lol). The good part: YOU'RE IN VEGAS!!!
2	Dirty bathroom, NO plugs for my MacBook that fit. All floor plugs have a metal frame that blocks my charger. Chairs have no plug. Terminals are separated too far so they can fit slots
3	A okay airport I would say, but the slot machines are very very tight though.  They do have a lot of food offerings and I got my baggage pretty fast too. The only probably is there are 2 sides one for the passanger pickup and one for the limo.  It got confusing when I wanted to be picked up, I had to go to the other side.  I finally figured this out after 20 minutes.   Overpriced, but that is the airport for ya.
2	Sunday red-eye on 5/12/13.  The initial security check line was okay, but the security screen was a nightmare. Multiple lines merging into one with no order, running out of plastic trays, so scans, etc.  For a city that thrives on tourism, I expected things to run a lot more smoothly.  When I landed on 5/10, I got lost amongst the slot machines trying to take the tram or walk to get to baggage claim.  Last visit was in 2003, and things don't seem to have improved.
5	Biased review since this is my town's primary airport. Though when I lived in LA I considered LAX (LA Airport) only a 3-star airport (and still do think it's a mediocre airport and that LA deserves better).Why it's 5-stars:- Free wi-fi- Near the Strip and Henderson; not far from Chinatown or Downtown- Easy access via Paradise, Tropicana or 215 freeway- Terminal 1 has a designated passenger pick-up area (separate from taxis/shuttles)- New Terminal 2 is nice
2	Flying here is great. It's vegas. You arrive and you're excited to have fun...Then you lose all your money gambling, can't afford dinner, you can't get into the clubs, you feel terrible, and you decide you need to go home.So you arrive at the airport greeted by the longest line you have ever seen in your life. Hundreds of people line up back to walls that typically would be a vacant part of the airport. After an hour or two of this madness you get through security... whew that's over with....Then you realize you need to get to the D gates. But wait! You need to take the tram to the D gates. What's that? The tram is broken? Well, crap. Start walking a mile to the D gates with 100 lbs of luggage that wouldn't fit the 50 lb maximum for a checked bag (of course you brought WAY too much stuff back from vegas). Ah, yes you arrived at your gate! 2 hour delay?! Sh*T!Bottom line: Worst security line I have ever seenTram was down and required about a mile walkThe only thing redeeming this place is the free wi-fi which allowed me to write this review.
1	This airport sucks. You would think workers would know what to do or know where everything is considering that it's an international airport. Nope. Who say's, "I'm not sure" and walks away? Really? Seriously, it's a guessing game here. Our flight home was in the late hours of the night. We came into the airport pretty early and the line was mildly short. My bf tried to check us in but it froze on him. Wtf man! He tried finding a worker from the airport but no one was available. I mean no one was there. He tried asking for help from the workers at Hawaiian Air and they didn't help either.  He finally found one after searching for at least ten minutes. By this time, the line for the bag check in got longer. Thank goodness I was standing in line already, or so I thought. After the first worker walked away, my bf found another guy (another 10 or 15 minutes wait) and this one told us to stand in the shorter line because we didn't check in properly. We were finally relieved that someone knew what they were doing. Yea right... Mind you, that short line or the line I was in had no sign of what each line was for. We moved to the shorter line which only had two couples. OHH MUH GAWD! We stood in line for 45 minutes. Everyone who came after us on the other line had bypassed us. Not only did the airport worker screw us over, the Hawaiian Airline workers also screwed us over by making us wait 45 minutes. The only reason why they started helping us was because I yelled out for everyone to hear that all of us had been waiting for 45 minutes. I got a reply back from the Hawaiian Air worker; "please be patient, we are busy".  I never ever yell out in public places but it was just too much for me.   We finally got checked in and had only 20 minutes to spare before they opened the gates for our flight. Luckily for me I hated Las Vegas. I probably won't come back unless it's something important. And since I won't be back, I won't have to deal with this airport. Thanks for ruining the end of my vacation McCarran International Airport and Hawaiian Air workers.
4	Pros: Small airport that is easy to get toCons: I had to wait in the security line for over half an hour because they had only ONE SECURITY gate open. ONE. Good thing I got the later flight.Decent selection of eateries once past security (Wendy's, Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf).Good selection of airlines - Southwest has a flight from LV to Burbank, CA.
3	Make sure you plan for a lot of time. The lines are long, then you have to take the train over to the terminal. I do like to play the solts here. I have won as much as 250 bucks on the way out. Few nice places to eat. Great place to people watch.
2	The TSA can, if they choose, treat people with basic respect. At this Airport these flashlight cops make you hate flying. It does not have to be this way. SFO and OAK are friendly and efficient with out being mean.
4	This is one of my favorite airports I have ever been too. The best thing I think is the free wifi, that is hard to find at airports. The restaurants are good.
3	Pro: You can gamble (slots) in this airport when there is a delay.Con: You can lose money in this airport when there is a delay.Pro: Several food options are spread throughout the terminal.Con: None of these places are places I really want to eat at.Pro: The airport is so close to the Strip that you think you might be landing on the Strip during approach.Con: It's still a $40 cab ride from the airport to the Strip.Pro: Vegas knows how to handle a line efficiently.Con: Lines for everything are long.So, it's not the worst airport I've ever flown into, but it isn't exactly awesomesauce either. However, the excitement when you land is palpable, just as the hangovers on departures are.
4	There's slot machines at every corner in the airport so the action doesn't stop.  It's clean and fairly modern and easy to navigate.  If you have more than 3 or more people with you, avoid the hotel/airport shuttles and go for a limo...it'll actually be cheaper.
3	McCarran and JFK always force me to choose between renouncing pescatarianism or starving for a couple more hours. The latter tends to win out.On top of that, I would like to mention that the last time I was here, all the outlets for several gates were dead. I think all the sockets in that area (Southwest) were just dead. Several ppl complained. Come on maintenance ppl!
2	Got here early -- too early -- for my departing flight home.  Pros:-- The Xpres Spa.  If you are going to be  too early to catch your flight, might as well do a pedi and mini massage.-- On arrival to Vegas, saw taxi line and about spit my teeth out.  Fortunately, they got this game down good.  Only took a few minutes to get a taxi to our hotel.Cons:-- Really TSA? Do you have to shout and scream at everyone?  I know the TSA agents at our podunk hometown airport don't do that, they are kind and even attempt to joke.  And don't assume that everyone going through line travels often.  If you want me to move into the scanning machine and lift my arms instead of the walkthrough scanner, kindly ask me.  Don't scream at me.  Jackass.  Kiss my butt.-- Food choices appeared pathetic for an airport. I don't travel often, but I've had better airport experiences.
3	Quick and easy boarding! I never have a problem getting my baggage within a decent time frame. The only con is that there is a bit of traffic getting to your gate, so make sure you leave at least an hour to check in your bags.
3	Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 11/100I'm a travel junkie and do a ton of traveling for work. I am in and out of McCarran Intl Airport almost weekly and I would say it is a very well-run facility.  Compared to other airports in the US, I would definitely rank it in the top 10.  The gates and security checkpoints are easy to navigate and I always find that the security personnel are rather friendly.However, for those who are just casual travelers... I WOULD STRONGLY advise printing out your boarding pass at your home or office.  Although the security lines move pretty quick, you could spend 30-45 minutes waiting in line at the ticket counters for your boarding pass- This is unavoidable for casual travelers who need to check bags. You will also save a substantial amount of time if you opt to fly with only carry-on/personal items. Vegas knows how to handle a line efficiently, however lines can be extremely long since Vegas is so popular.On the bright side, McCarran offers slot machines around every corner (for the gamblers) - which is nice if there is an unexpected delay.  They also offer free wifi for travelers and they have several food options that are spread out within the airport (with more options being added quickly for the expansion). The Best Part?  Everyone who lands here is so excited and it's one of the best part of living in Vegas. The energy is almost palpable and I truly enjoy their upbeat spirit when I land.  Our city is uniquely amazing and I love seeing everyone so happy to be here....
3	Its an airport. Pretty quick with security, United sucks but that doesnt really fall on the airport itself. Overall the airport was good, had things to do and eat. Cant complain, but its an airport.
3	This isn't the most horrible airport I've ever been to, but it's definitely not the nicest. For one, it's sort of a pain trying to maneuver through all of the tourists that arrive and are in la la land because of all the lights and noises coming from the slot machines. Yeah, they're everyone, I mean, that want you to gamble, even if you're there for a quick layover.The gates are pretty crowded and you'll encounter quite a few people with mean hangovers. I wouldn't take rude behavior personal. I'd probably react the same way if I was full of sugary alcoholic drinks and up for over 36-hours straight. Who knows, maybe they just lost their house on the roulette table? You really never know what the person's story may be.One of my biggest complaints is the walk from the terminals to ground transportation. They have a little tram that will take you from one terminal to another, which is nice, but just to get to the pick up area can be quite a hike. If I had a bad hip, I'd probably give up half way through.What I did like was that they had a designated pick up area for arrivals. My friends were able to pull right up and I was able to jump in without being harassed by airport security for being there more than two-minutes (ahem LAX). There were also plenty of cabs if you needed one as well as other touristy buses if you wanted to go sightseeing straight from the airport.Because it's so close to the strip, you can easily cab it to and from your hotel for about $15-$20. A cheap ride if you're splitting it between a few people.
4	no bad...it's a airport lolz
4	I love the variety of concourse food options, the wii access and the comfortable chairs. I have been in some divey airports to see this airport has a lot to offer.
4	This was the first time for me using the new Terminal 3 at McCarran... One word, awesome, can sum it up! This new terminal definitely has the wow factor built in... Big, open areas leading to the arrival/departure gates, nice restaurants and shops, well lit and lots of room to move around. There is an airport train system that will transport you to the baggage claim area and after you get your bags, easy access to ground transportation is right outside the doors.  The most impressive feature for me was the escalators and stairs down to the lower level where the train system is.  It gave me the feeling of being in a huge hall type setting and was quite nice. It's a big improvement to the old terminal which I had grown so accustomed to over the many years of flying into Las Vegas. I had to navigate the new terminal, but by the time I left, it was a snap!
4	McCarran is an easy airport to navigate.  I have flown out of here a few times and have had no problems.  But, for the past few years it's been all about pick-ups and drop offs.  I get a lot of family who will come in and stay with me for their vacations.  So, the airport gets a lot of use from me.  There are times that I have to go in to wait for a delayed flight and I can lose a little bit of cash on the slot machines.  But, it's comfortable and there are plenty of places to sit to people watch while passing the time.
3	so when departing... make sure you get there about 3 hours early. my flight was leaving at 9:30am on sunday morning so i left my hotel at 6:55am... BARELY made my flight cause the security portion of the airport takes a long time.  Although the TSA were working quickly... there are just soooo many people that the line!  if i had to do it again... i woulda left my hotel around 6am instead. :)
3	Tell taxi driver not to take Interstate!  Taxis are always an ordeal here, either there's a really long line or they try to take the most expensive route possible.  The Mirage is only 4 miles away yet they always try to take you out on the Interstate which doubles the mileage.As far as the airport itself, there's a lot of amenities that can keep you occupied while waiting for a flight...even last minute gambling.
3	This airport is kinda deceitful. From the outside, and even inside the terminals it looks modern, clean, and inviting. That all changes the moment you need to excuse yourself to the restroom.Hands down the nastiest restroom I saw the whole time I was in Vegas, like seriously. I am pretty sure there was even a glory hole in one of the stalls. Unless you are into that kinda thing, you are probably better off holding it in.The TSA line was also frustrating. They flagged three pax carry-ons in front of me for additional screening, but they would only screen one bag at a time. I stood there, with my backpack in the xray scanner giving it a nice radiation bath for over 15 minutes while they meticulously went through a sorority chicks lacey panties and grampa joes dentures and woodworking mags. They refused to carry on until the other luggage had been screened, even though mine was in the machine and fine.They do have an American Express lounge and a handful of fast food joints. Oh, and do yourself and your wallet a favor and STAY AWAY FROM THE SLOTS IN THE AIRPORT!
3	Overall Good Airport, lots of selections of restaurants.  Make sure you that you are in terminal d though because everything else is a bit old.  Also quick note, if you are connecting between A Gates and D Gates you have to leave the secured area! So you better be prepared to do an OJ through the airport if you have a tight connection!
5	Great place to fly in/out of...They got planes. They go up and down. They got security. They have machines that look thru your clothes and see if you have bombs attached to you.They got Burger King that costs $15 for an extra-value meal and you still get that same sick feeling after.If I am flying in or out of Vegas. This would be my first (and only) choice as to airports.
2	Oh the humanity. The taxi line is why I always rent a car.
3	Very interesting airport. The minute I stepped into the airport from my plane I saw a bunch of slot machines. HAHA! Otherwise everything is okay. It took us a while to find buses to commute.
2	Slots in the airport - amazing - NOT! I am not a gambler because there are so many other things my wife wants me to spend money on!The airport seemed small and very noisy and I was delayed. Oh wait - delayed again and again! Though the delays had nothing to do with the airport itself - they should offer better seating choices knowing that travelers will be spending time sitting somewhere during a delay.I found it easy to move from gate to gate for connections and gate changes and there was plenty to do here as far as loosing money, but it's another airport I wish I didn't have to use.The bathrooms seems dirtier then most airports and the people at this airport seemed very unfriendly.
4	The airport is right beside the Las Vegas strip, which is nice and convenient to put you right where the action is. The international terminal is the newly renovated terminal 3. It's a nice terminal with a whole whackload of different airlines and some places to eat, purchase random stuff, and even gamble (they have slot machines).Taxis to the south end of the strip will run you around $15-20. They also have shuttle buses that run for $7 one way to hotels on the strip.
3	The Las Vegas airport is a bit tacky but it's Vegas so get used to it.  It's quite interesting walking around the airport, no one really wants to play the slots but yet it's there so there's almost an obligation.  You do see the crazy and excited people arriving and hurrying to get to the strip and then you also see lots of slow goers that are still hurting from the nights' festivities.
3	If they hadn't built the new terminal my review for this place would be less than 3 stars.  Considering that Las Vegas is a hot spot for frequent vistors, I think they should start making the upgrades to the old terminal.  Both terminals are pretty straight forward though as I don't think I've ever been confused finding where the taxi lines are, waiting for a limo driver or looking for baggage claim.  Oh and I should say that Las Vegas is just not the same without the slot machines at the airport especially when you have those last minute win itches =)
3	If you've never been to Vegas, even the airport will be a shocker to you.This being my 5th or 6th trip through the area in the last 10 years, I never get over the fact that you step off the plane and into the gate area and you are smacked in the face with slot machines. Welcome to Vegas!There is nothing really "special" about it, it feels almost as if its worn down a bit. Nothing old school and nothing fancy, just efficient? Stay in here as long as you can though because depending on the time of the year, it's going to be the last stop to unheard of temperatures until you are safe inside a hotel
4	I won $3.00 at the slot machines!! Cheap thrills, I tell you.You know, if I was homeless, living at McCarran wouldn't be a bad thing. It has free Wi-Fi, and it works spectacularly. It has places to eat...not great places, but they will suffice. (Side note: Although, $4.09 for a bottle of water does almost put me into cardiac arrest). They even have an oxygen bar...for...I'm not sure...but they have an oxygen bar!!Flew into McCarran for a two hour layover...and thought about going to the Strip for a bit since it's so close and I had two hours. Instead I spent it on the slot machines in front of me and utilized the Wi-Fi. They do have stretches of charging stations, and the big columns (at least in Terminal C) have outlets on them facing the windows. Glad I didn't leave the airport after I read all of these horror stories about checking in bags and standing in TSA lines. I'll be back in a month for a conference, and I'll be sure to only bring carry-ons.My two hours were spent wide-eyed playing the slot machines and utilizing the Wi-Fi. And then had this conversation:Friend: What do you mean you didn't go to the Strip??!?!Me: They have slot machines in the airport! I won!Friend: The Miss USA pageant was the next day! There were hot girls on the strip!!Me: Ok. And???Friend: Hot girls!Me: If the Mr. USA pageant was being held, I might have gone.Friend: Geez. The least you could have done was to go get me some phone numbers.Me: I'll split my winnings with you??!?Oh, McCarran. Apparently all I need is Wi-Fi and an extra $3 to be a happy girl. That $3 didn't even cover my orangeade.
2	In all my air travels, this airport ranks as 1 of the worse.  In the era of portable electronic devices, I had a terrible time finding an outlet to charge my phone while I'm waiting to board my plane.  After roaming the terminals I finally noticed a discreet sign that reads "charging station" pointing to a bank of 5 outlets next to a vending machine, & of course, they were all full.  How annoying is that?  5 bloody outlets for the hoard of compressed humanity stuck between terminal 5 & 6.  Damn the bloody management team!
5	The new United terminal is gorgeous (in its own Vegas way). The rental shuttle system is fast and efficient. McCarran continues to improve on an already great start. LAS has always been a great airport to fly into and it's still improving the mark of a good organization.
5	Slots + clean bathrooms, what more could you ask from an airport? Perhaps slots in the bathrooms, now thats an idea.
4	Despite the fact that I don't gamble I'm a Vegas tragic:  Love the pools, the buffets, the neon, and the trashy glitz.  So I'm always stoked to land at McCarran and hear the pinging of the slot machines.  As other reviewers have noted the people watching here is EXCEPTIONAL.  There are always bonafide cowboys with hats and boots and bowler ties rambling about and old men with  young, peroxide blonde girlfriends in tow.  Also, wiry, weathered women with mullets, and midwestern tourists with fanny packs and giant white sneakers.  America at it's best (or at least, most fascinating).  Staff here is friendly and helpful and the new terminal is pretty nice.I love landing here for the spectacular views of the surrounding mountains/Hoover dam and the Strip.  Indeed, the runway is literally blocks from the Strip, making McCarren pretty much smack dab in the middle the city.
4	McCarran, as you can imagine, is quite a busy airport. With people flying in constantly from all over the world, the airport must keep up with the constant traffic, and I think they do a great job of this. They have shuttles constantly coming to and from the airport delivering and returning visitors from the strip. They also have a monorail line that drops people off right inside the terminals. As soon as you get off your plane, there are slot machines available. They don't waste any time with the gambling options. There are lots of slot machines throughout the massive airport, which makes for a good last ditch effort to win some money before you fly away back to your normal life. There are plenty of food options in the airport along with stores and other venues of entertainment. The airport is relatively easy to navigate, it's clean, and the staff seems somewhat cheery. I definitely approve of the airport.
1	What a crap airport.  The airport security line is always backed up and they take forever to get your ticket scanned.  Hire more employees.
3	A-OK indeed.
3	Stopped by McCarran to meet a client and sign some papers for the car I was selling her... parking was brutal as it can be at most airports. And for a Thursday night, it seemed to be extremely busy... but then again, it is Vegas and I'm sure people are just flying in a day early to get their weekend going early.  Inside, there aren't really any tables you can sit on... just chairs... so that was a little awkward trying to grab multiple signatures and write on the back of my iPad. My original plan was to also fly out of here on Friday morning, but most of the flights did not fit around my timeframe nor company allotment, so I ended up choosing a different alternative. I was in and out within 2 hours, and without much hassle... so overall it wasn't terrible, but I wouldn't say it was also anything special for me either. Just A-OK in my book for now.
3	Show up early, and pay for TSA Pre-Check. Nothing I like about this airport, but nothing I absolutely hate.
4	They have recently renovated this airport and made it much easier to get to your airline.  They use to make you take stair escalators and floor escalators and then a tram... now you just get dropped off at your airline and you are there!There are lots of signs around.  The only thing I didn't like was they don't honor Jetblue's cut the security line pass.The food options aren't great but they are quick.
3	United is always at gate D and furthest away possible from security check.
3	What happen to this airport? I remember it being so bright & clean. Looked like crap.
1	what a dump.RUDE staff.security was a breeze, checking in wasn't awful. but it was just so gross and very disappointing with the non-accommodating staff. idk. you have no choice though, thats part of going to vegas.. right?
4	Slot machines in an airport. Need I say more?I don't need to, but I will. The airport itself is located near the strip and a quick taxi ride will get you where you need to be. The problem is... the wait to get that taxi is very very long. Not cool. That is my biggest complaint about this airport. Inside, there are plenty of yummy places to eat at, seats to sit on, and places to purchase those last minute pairs of fuzzy dice for your car. And did i mention they have slot machines??
2	The new wing seems like it should be designed better from a Transportation Engineering and Logical point of View. makes me wonder if they had a lack of space to work with.
4	This airport can be insane but I seem to always travel on off days so good for me!Don't be afraid to play the slots here!  I've won $1,000 on a Wheel of Fortune slot before though flying home with all that cash in my pocket did kind of freak me out!
4	Concourse D is so gorgeous. Flights for UAL and Virgin located there. Centurion Lounge also located there. Terminal 3 newer. Terminal 1 is dowdy, dated, and rundown. SWA operates out of T1.
3	Definitely not on my list of favorite airports.Ease and efficiency are good. It's definitely one of the older ones that need major renovations, but you're pretty much in and out. Unless you're on one of the delays. And if you take the monorail to the wrong place, you're damn out of luck walking. This place is huge. Don't even try ending up in Baggage Claim in Terminal 1 if all your baggage is at T3. You will need to find yourself the shuttle, which in turn, takes days to get to the other terminal.Other than that, everything is clearly marked. TSA moves quick. Taxis are easy to find, baggage is accessible, and they got a hearty selection of slots.
2	Not sure about the others, but apparently there are 11 airlines in the D gate security entrance? MASSIVE amount of people packed in the line. At one point it just stopped. There was a total of ONE woman checking every single person, it wasn't even a line anymore, just a cluster. And about 15 security people just standing there with nothing to do as one by one folks trickled through. Definitely make sure and get here two hours early. Needless to say, we missed our flight.
5	This airport is nice...lots of shops and restaurants! The staff is friendly and helpful...
4	Clean and lively. Make sure you have your walking shoes on because the concourses are very long.
5	Great aiport, easy to get around and very close to the strip.  They even have slot machines in the terminals if you are into gambling.
4	This airport is pretty insane crowd wise, but I find it easy to navigate and find your way through the sea of people.   Its a fairly large airport so make sure you have your walking shoes on!   Baggage claim is huge, but it includes a liquor store (also selling beer & wine) so grab a bottle while you wait for your bags to come out.  The taxi line is also super long, but this airport has it down to a science and the line moves quickly!  I recommend reserving sedan service to avoid the taxi stand.. not too expensive and a fast in/out out of the airport.The terminal restaurants around could be improved, but you can find your staple quick bite places around (ie burger king).   If quick bites aren't your thing, def. plan to grab something prior to heading to the airport.   There are also several slot machines around so if you didn't get your fix during your trip, you can try your luck on the airport slots!
3	Dave goes to New Mexico part 12.Well, here is the last of the reviews for my trip to New Mexico.  I had a connecting flight here on my way from Albuquerque back home.  I'd been to McCarran before, but it has been a few years.Flying in to Las Vegas is always an adventure.  It was petty bumpy.  When we landed, someone yelled "Yeah, we're in Vegas!"  Everyone started clapping.  I am not sure if they were clapping because we were in Vegas or because we landed safely.McCarran just keeps getting bigger and busier.  I flew on Southwest.  Southwest seems to now occupy most, if not all, of the terminal B and C gates.  I think the C terminal is new.  It is huge.  We had to walk from C terminal to B terminal, and it took us a good 20 minutes.  There is a lot of shopping and dining choices in the C terminal.  However, if you get to the B side and want something to eat, you might as well just turn around and go back to C.  B is a wasteland.I lost $20 on the airport slots.  Stood around.  Boarded my flight and was gone.
1	I have traveled a lot in my day. Been to many a ports for air travel and this one just didn't flow. Traffic jams in the cab, security line, terminal walkway, and plane runway. Get there ahead of time so you can rock out with your tunes to all these jams.
3	I imagine at least a solid 60% of people who are trying to catch morning or afternoon flights out of here are hung over. Who thought it was a good idea to make this the loudest, brightest airport in the country?
2	Crowded and compact.The only thing that makes this airport cool is... you guessed it: slots in the terminal! lol! Other than that, I a feeling of being almost "closed in" here with all the people and the narrowness of the hall space. It's a high traffic airport as well, which means a lot of messiness and some areas just seem downright unclean - especially the bathroom (see my pic).  Not really my favorite airport, but at least it gets me into a great city.
2	Airport is Ok, but if you are catching a connecting flight, you can literally have a 20 minute, brisk walk to get to the gate.  And this is when connecting to a flight from the same carrier.  There are some moving walkways, but not nearly enough.  The rental car counters are way off premises, and it takes a while to be shuttled there.  Then, it's kind of a mess, too!  Further, the local government won't allow the hotels to have their own shuttles because, I heard this from a taxi driver, if visitors are forced to take cabs, it creates an entire pool of jobs and increased taxes for the county.  So, count on $15-$20 cab ride anywhere near the strip, or other resort destinations.  Your reward for contributing to the local economy is LONG lines to wait for your cab.  We have waited as long as 45 minutes for a cab.  Naturally, it was 100+ degrees that day (a week day).  Unless we are combining business with pleasure, we avoid flying into Vegas, or changing planes there.  Gotta love the slot machines, though, if you have a lengthy layover!
3	We flew in from SFO on a Saturday arvo  - our second stop during our wicked trip in the land of the free and home of the brave. We landed at about 3 PM and it was pretty quiet actually. The whole process of collecting our collecting our bags and everything was pretty smooth and quick.For first time Vegas visitors, it's actually pretty cool you know when you get into the airport and there are slot machines everywhere and it's bright and sunny outside. It's a great feeling because you know that, no matter how long you're in Vegas for, you're here to party so Welcome to Sin City!I don't mind McCarran, only downside I found was the long queue at the cab stand but that's to be expected so...
3	It's another airport!
4	Terminal 3 is very nice.  Very clean.
4	Las Vegas is definitely one of my favorite cities to be in because of the amazing memories, days and nights of debauchery, gambling, and always having a good time.  It's also great that the airport is organized, easy to navigate around and has an efficient taxi line system.  There's also a lot of cafes, dining choices, and convenience stores located throughout the terminals.There's several baggage claims but luggage comes out pretty quick and effective.  There's a lot of kiosks located outside of check-in areas to print out your ticket instead of having to talk to a guest attendant.This airport is amazing!  You get to see everybody arriving super excited to get onto to strip, and everybody leaving hurting and tired from the festivities of their trip.
5	Check on-line if your flight is delayed. It could save you hours of temptation by the slot machines & fast food of all varieties. It's my home airport. I don't have any complaints. I go, I fly, I come back, I go home. It serves its purpose.
4	This was one of the better airports I've been in this year. The check in desks were practically empty at United Priority line. The security lines moved fast (if you fly first class make sure you find your correct line because they tend to assume everyone is coach and they'll make you wait forever)THe united lounge was gorgeous with a great view of vegas and the desert. A nice assortment of restaurants and of course you can gamble here. It's rather large and if you lack the ability to pay attention you will get lost. I found the signs were very clear and the airline also posted directions on what trams to take to which gates.Very pleasant expereince for me
3	Weird layout for passenger pick up/ limo/shuttle service. It definitely feels like you're in Vegas because they have slot machines!! Lots of stores and restaurants to entertain you while you eat for your flight.
3	This airport definitly need some renovation.
4	What a lovely new terminal. It's giant, spacious, clean, and wonderfully designed. It stands in stark contrast to LAX and the old McCarran terminal.
4	I love the new terminal!! more organized and modern.. However, they need to put more coffee shops/restaurants
4	Its so weird you could Yelp an airport, but anyway this is an interesting airport. Ca-ching! Slots in an airport, what could be better? I came and left McCarran from SFO and it was a smooth transition. Airports are hectic, loud places, and so I expect any airport to be the same. McCarran is easy to navigate and I was able to hail a taxicab to my conference easily. This one is different with the obvious slot machines and the way it feels like you are about to enter paradise, or leave it :( This is one airport that I was glad my flight was delayed so I could waste my money and lose.
4	I like McCarran airport.  One of the most efficient airports that I've ever flown in/out of.  One of the nice points is that there's things to do ( shop and eat) prior to security, and once through......tons and you can gamble.I wish all airports were this good
2	-Long taxi lines (nobody likes to wait)-No where to charge your phone (I mean, I did see one charging station, with four plugs - four plugs for the millions of travelers that pass through)-Spotty Wifi (enough said...)-Too many annoying casino games that are way too loud (especially when your trying to fly home and have had enough of the casino!)Only good thing... tons of food options.
2	Arriving was perfect but departing was a nightmare.I wish there was another airport besides this one. My bff was flying with Delta out of Terminal 3 and I was with Southwest out of Terminal 1, we had to part ways super early to wait for both of our delayed flights :-( C gates sucked because there just wasn't enough room for everyone. As exhausted as I was from the weekend, I wouldn't allow myself to fall asleep with all these strangers around me. Ugh, so uncomfortable. And charging stations are packed, I think I only saw one and it was in a weird hallway, I wish they had plug located through out the airport, not a few in one location. Food options are bad too, so if you're hungry, eat before you come in, I ended up getting a bag of chips and a bottle of water when I really wanted a sit down restaurant where I could relax for a bit by myself. We finally boarded and since weather was spotty on mini storms passing through, we were on the taxi way for ~30 mins, not too long but long enough to annoy me. Got home at 1am only to get up for work 4 hours later... Ugh. TIP: travel early in the day, the weather could mess up your flight schedule and eat outside of the airport before coming in. I absolutely HATE that I couldn't spend more time with my bff while we waited for our flights together, it's why I paid extra to change my flight to a later one. So inconvenient and yeah, you could take the trams but it requires you to go outside and go through security multiple times. Outside the airport, they have shuttle buses to go from terminal to terminal.
4	I always hate leaving this place!
3	The worst part of this airport is their designated recharge zones are cramped, awkward, and there's never any power outlets available. There are scattered power outlets in very strange places throughout the airport so if you see a bunch of unrelated travelers stand around a wall of open space, they have struck gold. Wi Fi is free!There's a lot of cute little shops to look at including an oxygen bar, a chocolate shop, and random souvenir items.
1	This is by far my least favorite airport to wind up going through or spend any time in. Unless you love listening to the deafening, soul-eating wailing of ten-thousand electronic slot machines, I can't see anything positive about this place.
2	What's the reason for 2 star for this airport? Too much slot machines. I don't like their noisy sound. What about divide this airport facilities for casino lovers and business travelers?
4	As many times as I been to Las Vegas, I usually naver have an issuse with McCarran airport. It's clean and full of slot machines, which gets you ready for the casinos. Slot machines, massages and Starbucks are A-OK in my book.
3	Airports are airports. This one is special because of the slot machines ringing constantly and shouting "Wheel. Of. Fortune!" every 2 minutes.Gate seats are average but it's clean and fairly easy to get around in. The luggage carousels are very easy to find and pick up from.I do think the shuttles to the hotels are pretty bad and the city could really step in and manage them.
4	One of the better airports I've been to, and I've been to a lot of them. Domestic and International. T3 is a nice extension to the original floorplan. Nice clean and airporertically inconvient at times, but what are you gonna do. Two thumbs up.
3	Years ago, I thought McCarran was one of the best airports around.  Not because it was fancy or nice (cuz it's mostly not), but because they have slot machines by the gates!  Certainly beats just sitting around (though it's potentially quite a bit more expensive...).  I even remember telling myself that "if I were to ever have a long delay, I would want it to be here".  Fast forward years later and I realized...I wanted to kick my own ass for jinxing myself.  A nine hour delay and a terrible hangover will do that to you.  The food vouchers we were given helped, but there weren't a lot of appetizing options near our gate to spend them on.  A sub shop and Starbucks were just about it.Fast forward another few years and I was pleasantly surprised to see Virgin America had been moved into the newly built Terminal 3.  Needless to say, it's a huge improvement and much more appealing to fly in and out of - better dining options, spacious and clean, and a ton of outlets for charging devices.Since it was built detached from the main/older airport terminals though, splitting cabs isn't as convenient as it used to be if you're not going to the same terminal.  There's no direct access by foot between the two and the cab fare going from one to the other runs about $5-10 (though there's a shuttle between the two).  Seems pretty crazy to me!  Unless I was taken for a ride...BTW, ever notice how you arrive amped up and happy, but end up leaving beaten and exhausted?  Never fails.
4	Been through McCarran for two trips and so far I have a neutral view of it (leaning toward the positive side). Quick to get in and out. Good signage. Heard that the taxi line rivals the Disneyland lines, but both times I barely had to wait to get in a taxi.
2	I've been told that casinos in Las Vegas are designed to make you disoriented and confused, starved of sunlight and the natural rhythms of time so as to keep you wandering  without aim or even awareness of the world outside. Well, leave it to the fine people of Las Vegas to bring those very same design principles to McCarran International Airport. Yes, this place is disorienting, noisy, dank, and run-through with a mild seediness that reminds you of the city it serves. The hallways are dark and carpeted in a pattern reminiscent of Superfly's tie or Edith Bunker's chair. The airport is now smoke-free, but the air (somehow) isn't yet so. And, of course, the noise of slot machines fills the hallways, even if half of them seem to be out of order. But the high rolling unpleasantness of the airport was to be found in the "Directory", which was just as disorienting as the ambiance. I tried to find a place to get a beer and pass the time. But a few of the bars and restaurants listed in the directory were no where to be found, neither on the map associated with the directory or in the airport itself. And then there were at least a few venues that actually did exist, but that didn't appear in the directory. (See my two photos, one of which shows a sports bar ("Home Team Sports") with the directory in the foreground, and the other of which shows the listing on that very same directory, where the bar is nowhere to be found.) Sure, things like this are hard to keep up-to-date. But this particular bar proudly proclaims that it was established in 2010! McCarran needs a makeover.
1	This is gonna be a RAGE review. So don't read it if you don't want to. But here goes:1 star for the shitty ass staffs. I swear, these security workers need to stop being a fucking pussy and use their fucking common sense a little more.I flew from LA to Vegas without my passport (because it is being processed for my Canadian Visa, which is currently taking 30 days), and it was fine, I could travel using my country's driving license and my student ID as my identification. Because I have never, in my life, needed a passport to travel within the same fucking country, in any country. Not even from LA to New York, or Boston.When I return from Vegas to LA, fucking shitty ass staff (before the security gate) questioned me, "Where is your passport?" And I explained to her about my situation. And she asked me for my US ID, but I don't have one. So I showed her my country's driving license. And I showed her my Student ID. And the dumbass woman called her "supervisor", but I swear her supervisor looked mentally retarded. He looked at both of the cards. They both have my name and my picture on it. My ticket have my name on it. And they asked me if I have any other type of identifications. I showed them my god damn bank of america account, my debit card with my name on it. And I showed them my hospital card.And he kept telling me, "You need your passport on you." STFU, you think I wouldn't bring my passport if I could?! Especially to Vegas? Fucking dumbass, it's no wonder these people end up with these kind of jobs. And he kept repeating, "You need your passport or government ID if you are over 18." They wasted fucking 15 minutes of my time with this crap, and I almost missed my flight, because of their incompetence. It's flying local, dumb shit. You don't fucking need a passport. How did they even get a job at the airport in the first place, when they don't actually understand the regulations?They will never prosper nor improve in life with their brain dead like this. I don't get how they don't possess any common sense. Like a bunch of fucking zombies just following the "law" set for them and are incapable of using their own judgment.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 97/100When my family and I first moved to Vegas, I found the McCarran simpler in design and size-wise, a tad smaller compared to the Hong Kong International Airport (where we came from). Nonetheless, it's made its way into my heart over the years and the newly constructed Terminal 3 is looking spotless!My last air trip happened last month from Oakland to Long Beach - Long Beach to Vegas. As we arrived in Vegas, we were up and done with baggage in about 5-10 minutes at Terminal 3. And who happens to forget that a shuttle bus needs to be taken to Terminal 1? This girl. I got lost for awhile and found myself walking around in circles until one of the janitors was helpful enough to lead me to the shuttle bus stop. There, I was picked up and for less than a 15-minute parking, fees were waived. Thanks to the clear signs, the passenger pick-up area does not take long to navigate. Place runs like clock-work and I'm already excited for my next trip - whenever that's going to be!
2	Don't expect to use wifi (not available when I was there) or be able to charge any of your portable devices (they have "recharging areas that are always full---only 5 seats pers station and I only say 1 station).  This airport needs a little updating for modern travelers.
3	It's not the best airport, but with so many people coming to Vegas all the time they kind of have things down to a science. If you need a cab when you arrive, the line is always long, but it moves fast as they have it very organized. Since it's the off season right now,  the security line wasn't too long. During cooler months when Vegas is much busier, this line can eat up a lot of time so plan accordingly. We were in terminal C and had far to walk to get to our gate. This doesn't bother me though but the whole place looks a little old and dingy. Slot machines ring out along your walk in case your money is burning a hole in your pocket. The food options are uninspiring. Burger King, pizza in the food court, a deli, a "beach bar", meh, nothing I was interested in. Our gate was small and cramped and didn't leave much room for us all to lineup under our southwest boarding group numbers. All in all, you're here for Vegas, so the airport serves it's purpose.
4	Wow Vegas! Haven't been to this airport in 2 years and the upgrades you've made are fantastic. Much bigger airport. More food options. Clean!!! And no smoky smell. Thank you for Terminal 3!!!
3	Short Story:A fairly small airport.Long Story:So, I am flying OUT of Vegas on a Friday night!  Who does that?!  Needless to say there was no line at security and I breezed through!
1	This airport is hell. Dirty, hot and smelly. Men's bathroom had multiple broken toilets with trash overflowing. Their charging stations are a joke. Either broken or 50 people to an outlet. Pray that you only have the slightest layover.
2	Confusing, stinky, old, and in need of a serious redesign, with random-seeming design choices (let's put half of the airlines in this brand new sparkling concourse, but let's put the major airlines like Delta in this stinky concourse with long lines and angry people that had to take a 10 minute bus ride from the nice concourse.)The new part is actually pretty nice, but I got to see both due to the Korea Airlines crash and resultant chaos. My review may be tinged with bitterness due to having to overpay on a different airline to get home...But you can play the slots one last time before you go!
3	Old, but plenty of food places and slot machines and little shops to spend your time in while you're waiting for pick up or departure.Its pretty run down, they seriously should remodel this place, well at least in the southwest airlines section of the airport. But its pretty quick to get your bags and check in and security check point was really long....BUT EXPECT TO COME EARLIER THAN USUAL its Vegas, theres thousands of people flying in and hour every hour!
3	Because I practically live here I thought I may as well go ahead and review my second home.As a frequent flier (and what an understatement THAT is) there are MUCH worse airports than this one. And, what it lacks in style, it makes up for in ease of use. All the ticket counters are in one place (well, not now that they added T3, but you get what I mean), it's super easy to use the tram, getting to your gate is relatively easy because it's just not that big of an airport. Getting luggage is simple, catching a cab, getting to the parking lot, everything is simple because it's a small airport. Now, having said that, it at least functions like a major one. It has a super easy system to get through security. I can get my bag checked, through security, on the tram and to my gate generally in about 30 minutes. That's pretty good. Have you been to Houston? Seriously, you'll love McCarran if you know what I mean.I can also get my bags super quick depending on the efficiency of the airline which is usually really good. I love this airport, I wish all airports were like this one. The only reason I didn't rate it higher is because they have no shopping to speak of, their restaurants aren't traveler friendly and there aren't many of them, and I hate seeing Vegas slots inside the airport when I don't see them in the place I live; only on the strip. Which I never go to. So I can avoid seeing slot machines. So, if you're not a great traveler this is a good airport for you. It makes everything so simple.
4	Not the worst airport, lots of Starbucks. Lol Lines are always long, but parking always available. Workers are usually polite, but not always. Nice ace to visit but I wouldn't want to live here.
4	Don't gamble at the airport. The games are better on the strip! If you get here at a peak time, you will wait a long time for your luggage. And I mean a LONG time like over an hour. Sometimes it's best to just go have a drink instead of standing there waiting for something to happen.Also, they tell you to get there two hours before your flight leaves. Don't believe them unless you are leaving at 5:00p on a Sunday afternoon or something like that. Flights before 11:00a are a piece of cake to make even with security.Cabs are easy to find. If you pay more than 25 bucks to get to a hotel on the strip, you have been screwed by your cabbie. Remember that when he looks at you like it's time for a tip. To give you an idea of how to measure, the Planet Hollywood, Bellagio, Aria and Cosmo are all about $15 - $20 to the airport. If they try charging you more, they are robbing you.
4	One of my favorite airports and here are the top 10 reasons:1) I never seem to wait on long lines to get in and out.2) There is always something to entertain me, especially the videos in the security line with klingons, blue man group and kiss.3) You can't really get lost as everything ends up connected4) There are no outdoor skycaps trying to steal my luggage and send it to Rhode Island5) great place to people watch6) great flight exhibit by the parking entrance7) good shopping.8) It is the only airport in the U.S. you can win money at a slot machine.9)The people who man the ticket counters are actually quite helpful.10) It is very close to the strip.Why not 4 stars you say?  Here are the top 5 reasons:1) You do a lot of needless walking.  You get to walk by empty ticket counters to get to Spirit or Southwest because they are too lazy to move them closer.2) Lots of driving to get into the airport and the signage isn't great.3) The slot machines are bad payouts and annoying after a while.4) Horrible food options.5) why do i need to shop at coach in an airport.
1	Poker Face is the name of a kiosk shop in terminal D that is owned by Valor LLC.    NEVER buy anything there.  It's all overpriced and you can get the same stuff for a 1/3 of the price at Wild Gecko just down the terminal.   They also charge you a 2% up charge for CC purchases.  They don't take any returns or do refunds so it feels like a typical scam shop but Ill give them a chance to redeem themselves.  Their number is 702-730-0090. The two contacts on the receipt are:  davidpokerfacelv@gmail.com androckefrost@gmail.com Ill check with the BBB and see if there are any complaints and ill update this review. Avoid it fellow travelers!!
3	Definitely the airport I've spent the most time in over the past 20 years. The selection of restraunts and food options has gotten much better over the years. They've also come a long ways in updating & remodeling. Although I'd like to see a few more charging areas for getting your devices all juiced up while traveling. The only real complaint I have hear is the Southwest Airlines Employees. With all the travel I do I've had the absolute worst experiences with Southwest here in Vegas. Dealing with them feels like dealing with TSA's. Like they are not hear to do you any favors and your one step from being strip searched and denied travel. Then when I've tried to ask for their full name or badge numbers they refuse to tell me. I've even had them quickly take their name tag off and put it in their pocket. I could go on and on but it's not worth my time. Great Airport and I'd given a higher rating if it weren't for the bad service from Southwest Airlines
3	I am not a Vegas regular.That said, I have been into or through McCarren International a few times.  Once to actually visit Vegas! I like arriving at this airport.  I find it well laid out, easy to follow signs and luggage actually arrives fairly quickly.  There was some confusion and the belts for luggage changed for my flight, but it was small and easily overcome.  Finding the cab was not an issue, but I had been prepared for a "scenic route" type of ride, and was given exact directions by others on how to avoid that.  So I think my cabbie took the most direct route to the hotel.  I returned to the airport the following day to pick up a rental car, which I also found easy.  The airport shuttle was on time to the hotel; and the ride back was easy, but it was very early in the am.  The tough part was, he did not know where the car rental pickup was, and so dropped me off at the wrong terminal/area of McCarren.  I had to get onto another shuttle to get to the right place.  So all the time saved by taking an early shuttle was lost waiting for the next one.  But OK.When I was leaving Vegas some 10 days later, the car drop off was easy.  The check-in was easy.  In fact, it was all pretty easy.  Then I had to get to the gate.  That was a long walk.  I had plenty of time, but it was a long walk.  And I will say, people are much sadder leaving Vegas than they were arriving in it, so the vibe in the airport was very different.Overall, this is a fine airport, I found it fairly easy to navigate and the lines etc were not too long and well managed.  I'd fly into and through here again without hesitation.3 stars for doing what its supposed to well.
4	Hard to believe that you can like an airport because it's an airport, but I like this airport.Usually it's so boring waiting for your flight, but it's great here because of the slot machines. I really don't think any other airports have this. It's fun to play and fun to watch other people play. It makes this airport stand out for sure. I never even knew this airport had slot machines, but I was surprised when I got off the airplane and heard the slot machine noises. It was a nice reminder that I was in Vegas. If all airports were like this, it would be a lot more fun to fly.
3	TSA personnel seem like robots, yelling their 'required announcements' in a monotone voice to hundreds of people daily. They certainly arent friendly but i guess what can you expect from an place that deals with some many jerk daily?!?
2	I used to live in Vegas for 10 years and haven't used the rental car at airport service. I was unpleasantly surprised to see how bad the advice is, while I was running to catch the open bus (I had less than hour to checkin and go through security gate), this boy blocked my way and said there is no open spots in the buss are left. I couldn't believe he was doing this, I managed to pass him by because I would miss my flight and guess what the bus had 5 empty spots... Behind my back he was screaming and making fun of me. Las Vegas, are you hiring people to mess with customers or to help them?Please, install more charging stations for electonics.
4	I love flying out to and from Las Vegas, thanks to this airport. Nice, clean, plenty of shuttles, with a large space, which makes it very convenient and non-congested. Very much unlike LAX which is the worst. The slot machines while you wait for your flight is an added bonus, cha-ching!
4	I guess I'll start off by stating the obvious and say that one cool thing about this airport is that you still have a chance to "win" your losses back with their ever so cleverly placed slot machines throughout the airport (those sneaky little devils them).Given that it's an international Airport it's safe to say that its bustling almost all year round. Expect long lines, long walks to your gate (that's if you're one of lucky ones) and the occasional rude people trying to get from point A to point B but hating life and affecting everybody else in their path. Although I must say SWA has done a pretty good job at narrowing down the long lines by opening more TSA stands and body scanners.Because it's the dessert you can almost always count on delays due to bad weather. It's fairly clean for being so busy, many restaurant and fast food options and drink bars to choose from such as Jamba juice, Starbucks, coffee bean, ect., You would think that with the amount of traffic that goes through this place  they would be more accommodating  by having more electrical outlet stations but for now you'll have to keep an eye open and race your way towards one when you spot it. You'll find them alongside the walls or located on the bottoms of the round support beams that run alongside the windows. Other then that not much else to say.Hope this helps.
4	this airport is kinda funny looking. if you love starbucks, this is prob your place to hang out lol...theres like 30 bajillion. just turn around in one spot and you'll see 3. LOL.this airport is very confusing at times, like it didnt make sense.one great thing is, theres plenty of bathrooms. but they all smell like shit. like i know we shit in there and thats the smell, but damn can we get like a spray?
3	Confusing, loud, UGH! I came to Vegas for a few days and departed via Southwest (great airline) in Terminal 1. The slot machines are a good "welcome to Vegas" part of the airport, but if you have to wait near them, they get very annoying. The layout of this airport requires a lot of walking and is a bit confusing. Let's not make already stressed travelers more stressed...This airport is also missing plugs. There are various charging stations, which is nice, but they were always crammed with people. An upgrade to accommodate our electronically obsessed time would do this place justice.The shopping and food options are pretty decent. It's not lacking, but it's not overwhelming either. An okay airport, but I've seen better.
3	This airport is just too small for how much business it gets. I always seem to be delayed when connecting through Vegas. I guess the existence of slot machines everywhere is a perk for would-be gamblers, but not really my cup of tea. McCarran offers a variety of food and shopping options, but I'd wager to say nothing that would change the average traveler's opinion about an airport.
5	This review is for both terminals. I have never had a problem with the TSA. I have never encountered long lines like at JFK or La Guardia. The people that work at the air port are very friendly. It is very clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants. The new international terminal is very nice.
4	Lots of slots to gamble if you're bored and waiting for your flight. Decent airport....doesn't take long to get through security. Plenty of food to choose from and eat. Been here 3-4x , not bad
4	An easy airport to get in and out of.  It feels clean and comfortable for being as busy as it is.  There are lots of food choices including Jersey Mike's and Pei Wei.  Of course being a Las Vegas there are the every present slot machines to entertain you while you are waiting.  Over the past few years they have made adjustments to the the security check-in and are able to move you through very quickly.  This is a big plus.
3	I have finally been to Las Vegas ! .... if layovers count. Both to and from California, I stopped at McCarran. This place is quite bustling with heaps of people. Unlimited free WiFi is nice - the only catch is that you have to watch a thirty second advert for Walmart. You will be given a link to their eStore, but you can just skip it.. There's also a number of options in terms of food here - whether it would be burgers or burritos. Another interesting feature were the slot machines - if you're into that, it's a great way to kill time. Other Yelp'ers have reviewed things like the exits and baggage claims - I was only here for 1.5 hours each time so my review is based on the perspective of a layover waiter.Good for: air travel (obvi)
3	This airport is nothing special------EXCEPT the slot machines every where you go!!!! This is a gambler's paradise, giving travelers something to do during their down time.  It is such a shame though, that these slot machines suck, and an employee has to redeem your ticket for you, instead of being able to cash in the voucher at a machine. Overall, this airport is much like the others I have been to.  Slow service, long lines, lots of fast food restaurants, and miserable people waiting to go back home, with no money left in their pockets.
5	I gotta say, being one of the busiest places with all the Vegas traffic its put together well and easy to navagate.  Bravo!   5Star airport, the reason, its privately owned, unlike most airports in America.  In fact, that is why they can have SLOT MACHINES in the airport.  They say they are tight machines, but everyone needs to win eventually...lol   Gamble, whilst you wait...thats slick, or stupid, but clever too!
3	Unique in several ways, mainly the ubiquitous presence of slot machines everywhere including the main terminals and concourses within a few feet of the arrival/departure gates, complete with attendants to make change or  pay off winnings, and cocktails on sale next to the slots.    The layout of the airport is a bit sprawling so it is a bit of a hike from check-in at American to the departure concourse & gates.   Understand this is due to an expansion/redesign that eliminates the prior cramped arrangement so it is a trade off.   Very nice that the airport is located within sight of the strip and casino hotels.
4	They have recently updated this airport and its easier to get to your airline....yes! You have plenty of restaurants & bars to choose from at each terminal. Most flights are always on time, but Sunday is the most cramped day here. Cool airport here in vegas
2	As famous as Vegas is, and as many people as I know come here yearly, this is such a tiny and unimpressive airport. Outside of the slot machines in the airport, I don't see too much that makes me go wow, but then again I guess that's why you leave. I saw all this because I have noticed that many airports are noticing that frequent fliers are loving and using all the extra perks that airports are coming up with: the nail salons in JFK, nap rooms in Tokyo, etcBut to each his own...
4	This place is huge I should have checked in my carry on bag if I knew I had to walk a quarter mile from the airplane to the baggage claim.  And the line for the ya I is like a freakin theme park line.
4	Take advantage of the free WiFi!
3	***MADHOUSE DURING PEAK TIMES******WAITING TIME FOR CHARGING STATIONS******PLENTY OF ALCOHOL AVAILABLE***I've stopped through here plenty of times, and recently during a layover on the way to Reno.  It was the Friday before Labor Day Weekend so the Southwest Terminal was very crowded.  Outside temperature: 110F.  Inside temperature (my estimate): 85-90F plus high humidity.  I hesitate to write a review about this airport/terminal because it's not like someone will avoid this airport/terminal based on a review.  BUT, it is important to know what to expect. There is an over-priced Mexican restaurant.  If you want a drink from the bar, there is a no-wait area cordoned off for to-go drinks.  That's something I've never seen before. There are at least 2 charging stations immediately across from the 2 sets of restrooms.  Avoid the tremendous line at Starbucks and go to the Coffee Bean right around the corner.
4	Get you in and out. Really like this airport especially the slot machines. The security was really quick. I also like how they have the rental cars off sight and you catch a shuttle over. It is quick and efficient.
4	As a frequent traveler I am harshly critical of airport facilities and how they are managed. Although there are many features of the McCarran Las Vegas Airport (LAS) that I like, the parking fees are exorbitant, baggage handling is atrocious and takes far too long to arrive on the carousel, and like many airports, the payout and design are optimized for maximum inconvenience to travelers. Of course, McCarran is one of the few airports with gambling and slot machines, and the Oxygen Bar is more than just a novelty. The people moving trams are fast and efficient, with frequent pick ups on two tracks. Lots of great shopping, some interesting displays and several places to eat that are better than what is at most airports. Beware of the taxi stand on certain busy days! I have seen waits of over 45 minutes while moving through an impossibly long line to get a cab after waiting more than 30 minutes for luggage to start rolling on the carousel.  There are times when getting out of this airport will test anyone's patience, due to heavy passenger volume.  All in all, this is a unique and special airport, and don't forget to check out the pink 1957 Ford Thunderbird that was originally used as a giant fire extinguisher for the airport's outside gate areas... It is truly a one of a kind!
3	My only visits to McCarran are due to layovers from and to the East Coast. I've never ventured far from my terminal for the next flight. Whatever I need is nearby -- a quick snack, magazines, Tylenol for a raging headache. The Southwest terminal offers great specimens for people watching. I never get bored.
3	Easy enough to navigate, good offerings once inside (obviously there are slots, it's vegas after all, never played any of them though).
4	Very busy airport.  It has a lot of options for food though, even a Jamba Juice.  Plenty of room to find a seat and people watch as people come and leave Vegas.  It makes waiting for the plane much more pleasant.
4	I have been to McCarran many times over the past few years, so I was quite surprised when I stopped by for a visit a couple weeks ago. I thought that I may have got on the wrong flight. It took a little while to realize that the new D concourse is open, and it looks great. It reminds me of the Denver and Pittsburgh airports with its tram that takes you from the terminal to the airport entrance. On the way out, the security lines were short, and I easily got to my flight without a hassle. There's still slot machines everywhere (big surprise), and tons of great places to eat. I'm a little disappointed that it is no longer a U.S. Airways hub, but there is still plenty of service to and from all the major cities.
4	Free wi-fi, plenty of food options, and the check-in and TSA lines are pretty efficient.   That's about as good as it gets for modern air travel.
2	Old, dirty and disorganized!  The security lines and baggage claim areas are horribly overcrowded.  Service is slow.  Tear it down and start over!
3	I must admit that this is one of the busiest small airports ive ever flown from.  Even on the weekdays the airport can be extremely packed.  Not sure if its all vegas travelers or just people getting connnecting flights.  It really seems like the gates are pretty small, i guess its because it has all the slow machines around.  As far as food choices are concerned you pretty much have your standard fare but it does seem like the food at this particular airport is especially more expensive.  Case in point, on the same day i went from the atlanta airport to vegas and then to home to OC.  I had breakfast in atlanta at popeyes for about $6 bucks.  When I got to vegas, the same breakfast was listed at $8.  I know airport food is expensive but it just seems like they really get you at this airport.  Good thing about this airport is thats they always overbook flights so if your not in any rush you can try and earn free credit vouchers if your willing to give up your seat for the next flight.
2	It can get pretty confusing finding your gate or getting out of your gate. And it's definitely a mad house during peak times.Although it's pretty cool to have the slot machines available at your convenience while you wait.They offer a shuttle service that'll take you to the hotels on the Strip or Downtown. The line outside could be a little more organized and could probably move a little faster especially on a Friday when everyone is flying in. I found out the hard way that I'm better off taking a cab out of the airport than waiting in line for at least an hour to buy my ticket, wait for the shuttle to come, load up, and take off. It was just so inconvenient. Would definitely not recommend this.
4	Outbound, whats not to like. It's an airport, they serve food, drinks and it has gambling.  Terminal 3 is the BOMB, albeit slightly vacant.  The main terminal can get very crowded.  If you're flying Southwest, best to get there 2 hrs early.
4	Yes I agree it is a easy airport to get in and out.  They have friendly screening people. Slot machines galore
3	This seems like a perfectly good airport, but not the best. There aren't enough seats for everyone, that's for sure - but that may be because the slot machines at every gate take up so much space. At least if you get there early, as we did, you don't have to waste any time in Vegas not gambling! The boyfriend won a good amount of money while we were waiting for our plane.
1	Small packed airport. I'm a bit shocked that an airport of this size try's to accommodate so many people. There are not enough seats. No place to plug in laptops or phones. Half of the travelers are sitting on the floor. Good luck trying to escape into a bar or restaurant. Too busy. Bags do come out quick upon arrival and it's only a few min from the airport to the strip.
3	old airport, no wifi, no charging stations.
3	they have remodeled this airport and added a new terminal i think because they are becoming much more international now... pay attention to your flight when they tell you which baggage claim to go to... one is nearby the other you have to take the tram to which can be confusing if you don't pay attention.. I had no trouble but i can see how someone who is unfamiliar would get lost and miss their baggage claim areaI like that they have lots of free charging stations everywhere so you can keep all your devices charged to keep you busy as you wait for your flight..
3	Efficient Airport. The only thing that's different is that it has casinos in the airport.  Everything else is pretty smooth and there isn't much more to say.  I got in and I got out on time and that's what I expect from a good airport.
5	It's vegas, it's an airport, they have tons of shops and restaurants and the place has slot machines everywhere. What more can you ask for? Oh and most importantly, it is right next to the strip.
4	It's an airport
3	There should be two Yelp pages for this airport - one for arrivals, another for departures.  Arriving would garner an easy 5 stars - the place is awesome when you land in Vegas...bright lights, the sound of slot machines clanking, the luggage carousels surrounded by trolls lookin' to get their Vegas on!  Departures are another story.  Grimy waiting areas, crappy food selection, stores selling absolute shit trinkets...and yes, trolls with their sad-ass long faces wondering how much money they really lost and reflecting on their gnarly hangovers, worried about puking on the plane rides home.  1-2 stars in McCarran departure land.  I guess I have to give it 3 stars - blend the two airports into one.  McCarran is a necessary evil if you want to hang in Sin City.
4	As your landing into McCarran, you can see literally see the strip like a lit up amusement park. Naturally, you can get ready for the carnival of sorts that is the McCarran Airport. With Blinged out Gift Shops, Oxogen bars, Smoking and Gambling Rooms and Slot Machines everywhere - it's reflective of the city itself. I only wish they had a couple nicer upscale restaurants.We walked around for awhile looking for the best place to get some appetizers and drinks and fell flat. Oh well, it's an airport. We were only stopped over until our next flight home.
3	It's an airport... with all the expected airport accoutrements and issues. But, it's in Las Vegas so there's a few differences. #1. You can gamble. Can't wait to lose money at the slots? Got a couple bucks you want to burn before you leave town? Hit up the slots nearest to your gate! We played a Star Wars slots machine which was actually pretty fun even though we lost. #2. Mind the bathroom stall you choose. If someone comes out looking like hell, you probably want to pick another stall. Speaking from experience. #3. Be ready for lines. It's a big airport with a lot of people going through it everyday. There are going to be lines no matter what time of day it is. However, they are ready for it... and as long as you prepare you can save yourself some aggravation (ie: get ready for security before you hit security, have your IDs ready, and your patience handy). We got through a huge line to check-in for our flight and another huge line at security in less than 25 minutes. They don't have time to take any crap here, so leave the jokes and chattiness in your luggage. The upsides is the cabs are plentiful and the Strip is close.
3	HOLY TAXI LINES!  Wow.  I think I sprouted a few new grays while waiting in this line and probably dropped a few pounds since I was here in mid August.  I landed at 11 am and arrived at Palazzo at 11:50 am.  If you are familiar with Vegas, you know that the airport is not 50 minutes away from the airport....all that time was spent standing in a line that was probably 200-300 people!Aside from the taxi line situation, this is a basic airport -- with Slot Machines!  So if you have time to kill, you have options.  Concessions are not great, but hopefully you don't have to wait here too long.  Good Luck!
1	HANDS DOWN THE MOST DISGUSTING AIRPORT EVER! It is dirty, smells and there is an overall mugginess to their air. I guess they count on everyone being drunk when they are there so they do not notice the filth.
4	I love the Vegas airport b/c even though it's big, it feels small. There are several places to eat and get coffee. There's a 24 hour fitness if you feel like working out, they have a monorail that takes you between terminals, it's conveniently located near the strip, and some of the hotels like MGM have a desk by baggage claim so you can check in to your room upon arrival! How freaking awesome is that?! And yest they have slot machine, I don't gamble but my cousin won $4k during a 70 minute layover one time in Vegas!
4	Nice and Clean Airport,I'm A Fannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
4	Terminal 1 gets 3 stars and Terminal 3 get 5 stars.Terminal 1 is a decent airport plagued by drab and dated interior. The carpeted floors, odd smell, and terrible food options make it a mess. The slot machines and the obnoxious "Vegas" decor gives the airport a unique style which I kinda dig. Anyway, going through security isn't too bad. The employees do their jobs and most are really friendly. When my boarding pass didn't indicate my gate number, I asked a security guy for help and he pressed some buttons on his phone and within minutes he got the number. Parking here is okay. It's easy to navigate and use. Pick-up and drop-off areas can be hell, but that's always expected.The new and gorgeous Terminal 3 is the clear favorite. Modern and it smells great; the terminal upgrades McCarran's reputation. Once you get passed security, you're rewarded with slots (if that's your thing), shopping, and decent dining. I just wished there were more outlet plugs to charge your electronics. Oh well, it beats nasty-ass Laguardia to a pulp.
4	Small quaint little airport. Pretty nice not the fanciest. You can gamble if you like there. Luggage is weird. You have to take a train to another area to get your luggage. Shuttle to the strip is easy and cheap, 7 dollars one way. Better then driving and cheaper and more relaxing.
2	Never in my life have I seen, or rather waited in, a 50+ line deep for a taxi!! Granted, they are organized about it....but it was over an hour wait to get out of the damn place! The airport is small, smoky and confusing. And who wants to play slots after losing at their hotel casino? I didn't see anyone playing anything when I arrived at the airport, nor when I left 3 days later.....
4	This is such a clean, well-run airport.  I was surprised with how quickly i made it through security and how friendly everyone is with as many people as they get flying in and out of here.  My only complaint is that the wait staff in the restaurants are slow.  Not really a complaint of the airport itself.
1	Can I give less than one star? Rudest TSA people I have ever dealt with. "Thank you" and "Please" are not hard to say when people are doing what you ask.
3	AirportThis is the place that begins and ends the majority of people that show up at Vegas - and like the town, it is designed to take your money.Firstly, and I find this interesting - why is it located right down the street from Las Vegas?  To me, it seems they could have put it further away but on the other hand, it makes the time between getting your bags and getting out and gambling amazingly short.Banks of slot machines everywhere - sort of has to be that way I guess - but they even put the damn things where you drop your rental cars just in case you had some spare change you didn't want to fly home with.Big airport befitting a town that relies on chumps from all over - and in that respect, it gets the job done of moving hoardes of people in and out of town in a hurry.Terminals were clean enough as were bathrooms - so at least that is a bonus.The only game in town, so to speak, where you can know the outcome in advance!
2	Clean airport full of debauchery: drinking, gambling, and I'm sure strippers are next. There's a lot of food choices, it's always tidy and getting around is easy. So, all in all I'd give 5 stars ---- if it weren't for the mile-long taxi line. I find this unacceptable and I'm surprised the casinos haven't found a way to speed this up to get people losing money in their houses more quickly. The cab line needs to improve!!
3	What's not to like? ... or hate? It's a warehouse with slot machines and doors every 100 feet that lead to planes. Food is better than LA/Ontario, it's clean, and you can see the Vegas landscape. Not enough outlets for our chargers, but that's typical of older airports. Actually I feel good there because we are always going somewhere.
2	Great on a Friday night when everyone's flying in ready to get NUTS. Terrible on Sunday evening when hungover people are not good at following TSA instructions. NEEDS MORE POWER...plugs.
4	Aah, Vegas. The only place where ordering a drink before 10 isnt frowned on and slot machines greet you at the gate!
4	Not too shabby for an airport! They are generally quick with baggage which is a big bonus for me as I usually don't get in until ten pm and want to party ASAP. Workers are pretty nice and helpful. I once lost my boarding pass and they were able to print out another one for me. Oh and if you're in the mood to gamble upon arrival, there are slot machines right as you step off the plane.
4	I used to hate having to fly into the Vegas airport but now that a lot of the renovations are complete by the southwest gates it is so much better.  It doesn't seem to have that nasty smell anymore and there are way more options for food.  Also this is a great place to people watch no matter what time of day!
4	This is my hometown airport so it's hard to write a bad review (you know, local pride and all that). I fly in and out of McCarran a lot. It's a serviceable airport with fairly easy parking and decent services. It's an older airport so it shows its age, but since Vegas attracts tourists from all walks of life from all over the world, it's a great place to people watch between flights. My favorite is to watch when people get off a plane from, say, Newark, and then they head straight for the in-airport slot machines. Only in Vegas. The new Terminal 3 wing is super nice and shiny but lacks adequate seating (and the security lines can be ridiculously long). If you are traveling out of Terminal 3 you need to allow at least 30 more minutes than you think you need.
4	I pick up lots of people here, everyone wants to visit Vegas, official taxi, I think not, but I come here often enough. Picking people up is a bit more challenging then dropping them off, but I love visitors!
3	An older looking airport, the southwest workers were very polite, funny and accomodating. This airport definitely gives you the vegas feel as soon as you arrive because of the slot machines at every corner.
1	Dear McCarran Airport-It is apparent that morale is low amongst your employees. This is what I am telling myself to rationalize for all of the not smiling, irritated, and unhelpful airport employees.I could highlight your condesending and abusive TSA staff, but why bother? They're famous for their attitudes and bitter scarasm. What stood out to me this trip was that they appear to be understaffed. I'm not making excuses for them; they know where they work. However, morale and customer service might improve if you put a few extra people on staff. Just a thought...My second observation was your employees, because they are short handed, appear to be overwhelmed.  Some employees did appear to be attempting to help customers and perform to the best of their abilities. Nevertheless, I observed too many employees say "I don't work for the airlines" and have a general- Do not talk to me attitude. Really?! Ew.Arriving in Vegas is always a pleasure. The departure, not so much. Please consider ways to improve travelers departure experience.  If my last impression of Vegas is distasteful, it will influence my thoughts on when I will return.
3	We only made it here for a layover. I wish I had more time to experience this airport - it seems to have character. Unfortunately, our early arrival was met with no gate at which to park so we were left sitting on the tarmac for 15-20 minutes. This left approximately no time for us to hit the bathroom, grab a slice of mediocre pizza, and begin boarding for our connecting flight back to Pittsburgh. It's cool that there are slot machines to greet you in the terminal and there's a nice view of downtown Vegas that you can see from the runway during takeoff and landing.
3	I've been to this airport about 5+ times. And I always wonder why it's so dated? But maybe it's all the slot machines that make it look that way? Regardless, of it's looks, I've never had any problems with security, delayed flights, or luggage/baggage claim. Usually the wait for baggage is less than 10 minutes (after walking an eternity from the gates to the baggage carousel, the bags are there soon after). Also, I got a Jamba Juice from there.. The smallest size they offer and it was $6+. I thought about canceling my order but I needed something to nurse my headache with on my way home to San Jose.
2	It's really bad. I get it, it's Vegas so you need to be all show but forgetting everything else while bells and whistles are going off everywhere else? Not cool.The signage is pretty much non-existent especially if you are looking to pick up your luggage. You are just in one huge auditorium but lights, videos and loud sounds just kinda circling praying for your baggage to show up. The taxi line is insane but it does seem to move pretty quickly, they just really pack 'em in everywhere in this airport. Overall thought, it def does the job of welcoming you to Sin City.
4	Any airport that has a Popeye's Chicken and Biscuit is a friend of mine.  Always fun to watch people losing their last pocket change in the slots in the terminals.
2	Don't know where some of you were in the airport but I feel like I've pretty much seen it and I think it sucks. Nowhere to eat breakfast when you have a layover! Dirty and noisy. Never again. Sky Harbor in Phoenix is much, much nicer. Giving Vegas 2 stars only because they have reliable wi fi. Otherwise I would have lost my mind by now.
3	This is a decent airport that I have flown in and out of several times - there is nothing to rave about, but nothing to complain about.We had some issues with luggage this past weekend and how TSA handled it, but Southwest compensated us with a credit.
3	Love/Hate relationship with this place. Love it when I arrive, hate it when I leave. They seemed to have spread out the airport a bit. Luckily, checking in and going through security has never been a problem for me. Have never tried the slots at the airport as I feel they are destined to eat your money.
2	Uh...why do I feel so dirty when I arrive and when I leave this airport?  I'm not sure if it's because it's the gateway to the City of Sin but man it is pretty gross here.  I just came back from a trip and the bathrooms were partitioned off (people were going under the yellow roped off areas to use the stalls) and they smelled not so great.  Toilet paper (used?  unused?  not so sure...) everywhere!  I know ladies are gross, but geebers, SJC isn't this bad.The weirdest thing about this airport has to be getting to where you can get picked up by normal people, not just cabs or hotel buses.  You have to literally wait at the gate and be herded through to walk across the road.  It's a few minutes walk but weird when normal airports allow you to exit the baggage claim and meet your ride.  I didn't get it until I walked out of three different doors to finally get to where I'm going.Still, celebrity sightings are pretty high (saw Donald Faison tromping around in the airport), there are slot machines in the terminals and I HEARD that there was a gym somewhere around.  Not my favorite airport (hi SJC!) but a necessary evil to get to the heart of Vegas I suppose.
4	This place is really a 3 star, but since they have gambling, I obviously have to bump it up to 4. Even if I lost more money here than I did my entire time in Vegas. It's a fairly convenient airport, located close to the strip. I stayed at the Signature at the MGM Grand and my cab ride was only about $10. Plenty of food options, security lines go quickly, and so do the airline check-in lines. Southwest is a major carrier here(who I have flown both times I've been to McCarran), so they have plenty of attendants available as well as curb-side check-in.
4	I give it 4*'s cause it's Southwest Airlines.  Always affordable.But, DAMN!!!!This airport needs to be 500% bigger!  It's busier in here, then on the strip!
3	This place is 5 stars upon arrival and like 3 stars at departure time. When the plane lands, I can already feel it. I've been waiting patiently for the doors to open so we can get our Vegas on. I mean, the moment we walk through the doors we are speed walking to get a cab. I don't even know if I have ever noticed anything about the airport when I arrive. I couldn't tell you the color scheme, what food is offered, nothin'!When we head back here to go home, I am moving in slow mo. I notice everything! I notice the stench, the outdated decor, the paint peeling and on and on it goes. The food options suck, I don't feel like eating at Blimpies, the place smells like a urinal biscuit and I just want to get the hell away from here asap!!This is one of those places that has traffic like you couldn't imagine. But they don't need to spend a dime on the airport b/c what are gonna do, stop going to Vegas b/c the airport sucks? Stop having bachelor parties here b/c the airport furniture is outdated? Nope.
3	Viva Las Vegas!  Very busy airport so get there early and be prepared to wait in line.
5	Yes. THIS is how you run an airport. Huge place but they manage the crowds, the shuttle trams come quickly, and there's gambling right when you walk off the plane. Traffic can get a little jammed up at certain times around weekends, but nowhere near other places like SFO or O'Hare. Not a lot of bullshit here.
4	An airport is an airport, what can I really say. I can see their constructing sometimes, which means they always have room for improvement. If this was a suggestion box, I would suggest to have more amenities, such as more lounge chairs with charging areas. I feel that McCarran doesn't have enough, the charging stations are always crowded and it's almost impossible to get a spot. The shops are really no fun to shop at because many of their products are outdated. I think the baggage claim area is pretty efficient because it's all in one area and they have many exits, so it's not hard to get out. I go to McCarran quite often, so I know exactly where I'm going.
4	You know you have arrived in Las Vegas when there are slot machines in the airport.
2	I'm not sure if it was just the day, maybe there were a lot of flight delays or something, but the last time I connected here, this airport was a disaster. It was outright dirty, trash everywhere.. not enough seating so people were sprawled all over the place. I think this airport should definitely be a lot bigger, Vegas is super busy and isn't going anywhere..
1	Nothing compared to O'Hare.  This place was busy, but that's no excuse not to be clean.  I used two of the nastiest bathrooms I've ever seen while waiting on my flight (my husband said the men's bathroom was equally bad) . And what kind of an airport doesn't have a McDonald's?!?  Everything was WAAAAY over priced (food wise, $11 for a cold cut prepackaged sandwich!). Give me a break!  Won't be flying through here again unless I don't have another option.
3	Worst security line ever.  So slow.  Was fortunate enough to be upgraded on my flight, but the first class security line was even slower than the regular one.  I know...wah wah.  But, seriously.  I never get upgraded, so it's a big deal for me.Then you have to take a train to get from security to the gates.  Atleast for Delta terminal.  Just extra time on top of the slow security.On the positive - I love when airports are themed to their location.  This airport is full of slot machines!  Welcome to Vegas!
2	This airport should be better..
4	Best to come and leave opposite of the mad crowd!
3	It's an okay airport. Definitely not as pretty as Vancouver airport. But there aren't many airports that are nice as YVR (at least the ones I have been to). I like that they have a free wifi but in terms of other stuff, there isn't much. No food court or a nice lounging area. They do have a restaurant and Starbucks on second floor but the restaurant had short operating hours. At least, we could rely on good old Starbucks to stay open and provide seating area. It was confusing having to take a tram to from one side of the airport to the other but not that bad.
5	While on layover at this airport, I apparently lost my driver's license. I did not discover this until I got home and had no idea where I lost it on my trip. I worried about someone using my license for several days until I received it in the mail from the McCarren Lost and Found. I commend the honesty of whoever found it and the speed with which it was returned to me. Thank you so much, whoever you are. God bless!
4	There is a saying, that a fool and their money are quickly parted and in no other place is that truer than Adult Disney World, aka Las Vegas. My gateway into this magical theme Park is McMcarran International Airport. Upon arriving, the single most important goal is to leave the airport terminal without spending a dime. This challenge alone can prove to be a difficult one with all of the shops, MGM Grand check-in area where you can purchase Cirque du Soleil tickets, the gambling machines, or the liquor store in the Terminal 1 baggage claim.After mastering this task, what could be one of the most difficult tasks depending on how hard you pregame on the flight to Vega is getting a taxi. I have witnessed many a times others fail what I like to call the walk of sobriety test and fall and knock out a good portion of the line ropes for the taxi line. Depending on your flight, the line can be long, but Vegas knows how to keep things moving and they get people into waiting taxis  like it is no one's business. If taxis aren't your cup of tea, there is a shared vans that can take you your hotel for a flat rate, but be prepared to make multiple stops depending on what hotel you are staying at and you could lose some time. If you are a high roller or want to spend over $50 or have a large group of friends, just hire a limo. **Word to the out of not so wise when taking a taxi, make sure they don't take you on the highway when going down the strip, this can increase your bill** Once your visit has concluded, LAS has some of the fastest security if you are able to access the Pre-Check or Priority line. I would caution that I would arrive to the airport about an hour early, as you might have to take the terminal train, and there is nothing like ending your trip sprinting down the terminal to try and catch a flight home.
3	I like this airport because it has slow machines while you're waiting for your flight. Other than that, it looks pretty old and run down compared to the nicely remodeled airports that I'm use to.
4	McCarran from a Vegas local's perspective...Pros: Lots of airline choices, including true international flights. Centrally located with easy access to I-215 and the Strip. Las Vegas has a lot of taxis...you won't be waiting for a cab. Cheap short term parking. $2 to park, go meet someone and grab their stuff then get the heck out of there. And you can pay before you even get back in the car. A quick stop at the gate at the bottom of the parking garage to feed the machine your ticket and you're outta there. Cons: The highway signage for where to go for arrivals vs. departures is confusing. The loops and turns and various ramps coming in and splitting off as you try and get to where you can drop someone off is just bad roadway design, period. The Airport Police on the departure side of the terminal and that work the pedestrian gates allowing taxis access on the arrival side can be surly and have a serious attitude. The interior advertising needs some updating and some more variety of ads. If someone's flight is delayed coming in you'll have the Venetian ad music stuck in your head for days. And seriously, we've got so much here to see, do we really need more Chris Angel promos? Ugh. Arriving passengers coming into the D Gates seem to get confused on how to board the tram if they're not going to Terminal 3. I'm used to getting the call...how in the heck do I get to the terminal? Bad signage. It sucks. Oh and if you're tired or had a little too much Vegas you're going to walk a lot from checking in to getting on the plane. It's like are we freakin there yet and you've still got more walking to do. Don't forget if you arrive at McCarran and catch a cab and the driver takes you to the Strip via the Airport Tunnel you just got screwed...it's called longhauling. Don't put up with it, Google the Taxi Authority phone number and report that cab. The faster, cheaper way to the strip is not via the Interstate and the tunnel. All things considered I still like McCarran...where else can you play loose slots while waiting on a flight? For picking up out of town guests I can get in and out pretty fast now that I'm familiar with the place.
4	When you arrive here, your problems disappear temporarily for the weekend or how ever long you stay. Temptation is around every corner at this airport! Slots, alcohol, and beautiful people...Oh my!Navigating through the terminals can be a pain in the rear. Once arriving to your terminal or baggage claim, good luck waiting in long lines or mobs of people eagerly waiting for food or their precious luggage. Luckily for me was I was traveling alone so I had no set backs. Then again, some company would have been nice. I just couldn't do a road trip this time.On peak days such as the weekends, expect all transportation lines (taxi, shuttle, limo) to be very long!  Long lines outside during the summer or winter in Las Vegas, something you don't want to experience. Trust me!Since I don't have the ability to fly like Superman, I will just settle with McCarran International Airport until that day comes.
2	As one of the top destinations in the world this airport is dismal. Not very good places to eat. Dirty bathrooms as well. Not what you would expect for a top destination airport. Just seems that there is not enough staff or very inefficient staff to keep the airport clean.
4	The sights and sounds of Las Vegas immediately greet travelers here: banks of slot machines and throngs of obnoxious vacationers. Yippee.It was a quick and painless procedure to get from my plane to baggage claim, and then on to a $7.50 multi-stop shuttle to a hotel on the Strip. I looked into just walking to the hotel from the airport (it's just on the other side of the fence from the runways), but the consensus seemed to be that it is inadvisable.
2	My favorite part of this airport is flying in and flying out at night. The lights if Vegas from above are beautiful. You can smell Vegas in the air here -Cigarettes, bad decisions, and broken dreams. This is one if the dirtiest airports in the country, or maybe it's just the shame. Good luck if you need to charge your phone. You and everyone else will be battling for a spit in "the charge zone." Best part is the people watching. Grab a beer sit back and observe.
4	"Also those stupid fuckin metal armrest in all seats by the gates. Fuck that shit. I wanna lay horizontal. I showed these assholes tho. See my nook you turds! I win."Well that previous statement was the language sitting in my review template for a while.  Guess I was mad about the metal armrests on the seats.  I also guess I had a great time in Vegas.  Yay slots in the airport.  Makes a delay tolerable. The TSA is also fun here.  They made fun of me when I walked through smelling like a distillery and clearly in my clothes from the night before...respect!!!
2	I was supremely irritated by the airport security chick who nearly ran us over with the metal gate to stop pedestrian traffic for the taxis! I hate to be that conspiracy person, but are there kickbacks involved? Why the rush to push more cabs in the already full cab line while nearly mauling civilians???
3	One of the most annoying things about flying is pulling in off the taxiway to find your gate occupied.  Then the airline makes you wait until the squatter finally departs.  This is craziness!  Pick a new gate and move on.  All planes have radios, GPS, and other tech so that the airport should know full well when the plane will be inbound.  Any airline that can't be prepared for an inbound aircraft shows their incompetence.
4	First review of this airport.  For Vegas I have to say I'm pretty impressed.  The place was clean, it didn't smell of cigarettes/cigars and overall I didn't have any issues (other than one of the trams was down so it backed everyone up getting to the main terminal) and overall I think this is a great little airport.  The way they handle the taxi line should be mimicked by other airports.  There was huge line (maybe 100 people in front of me) and I was in a taxi in no time.
2	Every time I go to Vegas, I do my best to get out of the airport as quickly as possible.  And for good reason (other than my overwhelming desire to go gamble away my life savings).  There is NOTHING to do in this airport other than play slot machines and catch flights.  There are no good restaurants; nowhere to comfortably sit and enjoy and adult beverage; no good shops.  One time I got trapped in McCarran for over 5 hours during a monsoon storm.  I wanted to gouge my eyes out I was so bored.  I get it--the powers that be want you to go to the Strip and spend your money as fast as possible.  But God help you if you get stuck there like I did.
4	This is an efficient airport from my perspective  On arrival, our bags were at the bag carousel by the time we got to them and you can walk directly to taxi stand in just a few minutes without going down an escalator or taking a train from a satellite terminal.  We can get to the airport from the strip in 20 minutes although the traffic lights seem to last forever, maybe 2 or 3 minutes.  We travelled by Alaska Air and there's curb check-in that we spent less than 5 minutes to be rid of our bags.  Then, you can be having a beer or coffee as soon as you can get through the TSA which reminds me of being in a line at Disneyland.
2	I don't understand the layout of this place. With all the revenue coming into this city you'd think their airport would be more upscale and clean. I've seen bus stations that are cleaner. I fly Southwest a lot and it's pure chaos in the C terminal. People are lined up to get on in the same small place people are getting off. The main artery is a huge mess only further complied by the fact they put slot machines in the way. I'm constantly being bumped into and pushed coming and going. The TSA, as always isn't very efficient and as mush as they think they have line control... they don't. There is a a general lack of seating at the food courts as well.Pro Tip: If you have a flight out of the B gates, use the upstairs C and D gate TSA and cross over. The B and A gate lines are always longer.
3	Been through this airport twice now and haven't had any issues. Easy to navigate, indoor smoking areas and slots to while away the time if you are so inclined. Typical food choices and stores. It's an airport what do you expect?
4	Fist time flew to Vegas, first time been to this airport, it's been remodeled from what I 'v heard? This airport is nice, lots of restaurants and stores. Luggage claim area is huge and clean, well, the entire airport is clean, neat and not confusing at all! I liked it! We ate at Chophouse & Brewery before boarding, it was relaxing, the draft beer was tasty, too bad we didn't have enough time to walk around, I wanted to check things out... Maybe next time :)
3	It's an airport... in Las Vegas. Which means a few slot machines int he walk ways...and that is fine by me.Everything else has always worked out fine for me.There are always plenty of cabs outside...the baggage never seems to take too long...and even at 2am..the staff doesn't seem to be in any less of a decent mood then at 2pm.
4	LAS:There are 2 terminals at McCarran International Airport (T1 and T3). T1(A-C) has a majority Southwest Airline flights. T3-D domestic, and T3-E domestic and international. Terminal T3 is the newest terminal at the airport. D has a linear design and E is designed like an X. All terminals are connected via an underground train.T3 has a great design. High ceilings, lots of windows, ample seating in gate areas. I have not noticed any cramped areas throughout T3. I don't shop at airports, but there seems to be enough retail scattered around. There are recharge stations all over the airport. They are much better than the freestanding Samsung charging stations I see at most airports. There are electrical outlets and usb ports at each station.T3 Baggage claim also has a linear design. If your luggage is sent to a high number claim carousel, then prepare yourself for a long walk. 1,2,3,4,5,6... are we there yet.... 15,16,17.... not yet.... 20! Made it! Ok, that is definitely an extreme exaggeration, but it is a noticeably long walk depending on the carousel your flight is assigned.Before the construction of T3, I've flown into T1. Nothing special about it unless they have done some upgrades/remodeling. I doubt it.Wifi:Free. No Boingo!!!!Public Transportation:Take a cab to/from the strip and make sure the driver doesn't take the freeway.Offsite Traffic:It's Vegas.Offsite Parking:Why do you have a car? Unless you're going to the Grand Canyon.Slot Machines:Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding Ding... so annoying.Terminal 1:Old and definitely not 4 stars. But T3 makes up for it.
3	Home base airport... Tourist need to let us implode this like we do with all of our hotels once they've been open for 25 years and rebuild
4	This Airport is a lot like the city its self.  BOLD AND BRASH!Within a few feet of my gate, there were slots.  And there continued to be slots every 50 or so feet. Welcome to Las Vegas people! I was very impressed by how clean this airport was, I was expecting much less, but wow, they keep it up. The selection of venues to eat at too? Amazing.  Lots of little high end shops line the walk way down to baggage claim.But Baggage claim... now that, unto it's own, is .. just WOW!Here is where you're inundated with the Las Vegas experience for the first time FOR REAL! Posters proclaim what shows, TV Monitors show you what stars are there, Hear the beep and roll of slots as you queue up for your bags and it can be a bit over whelming, but I'll tell you what, it did bring a smile to my face.   Apparently the whole city is celebrating Brittany's arrival too, because she is literally EVERYWHERE. Move over Celene & Chris, there's a new B**ch in town! The parking garage is convoluted and paying for parking before you even get to your car to leave floors me, but hey, new concepts are new.  All in all, it's a pretty cool place to visit! I can't wait to come back again.
4	You know you're in Vegas when there are slot machines at the airport. This one of the few airports that gets you excited upon off-boarding the plane. There's the distinct sound of bell chimes from the slot machines in the air as you gravitate towards them as if you were hypnotized. Well, it has that effect on the Wifey, but not me. *coughs, coughs*You see the big "Welcome To Las Vegas" sign inside the terminal as you approach the baggage claim area and you get more excited at what lies ahead. The layout of the airport is pretty basic and easy to navigate. They even have free shuttles provided to take you to the car rental facility just a few miles from the airport; 420 seconds according to the shuttle driver from either direction.And the FREE Wi-Fi is a lot stronger and better compared to SFO's Wi-Fi.
3	Welcome to Vegas.It's not about who gets lucky or wins the most money.It's about who avoids alcohol poisoning the longest. "I still cant believe you killed that prostitute in Vegas. What a party."
5	Best airport ever, but I practically live here, since I'm always flying so I'm bias.
1	This airport is a dump.  For all the slot machines that they have and all the traffic in and out,  you'd think they'd class it up a bit. TSA here are a bunch of morons.  Even during the slow periods,  be prepared to wait an hour to go through security with dumb and dumber TSA running the show.  Such incompetence during this high employment baffles me. Really makes me uncomfortable about the security level at this airport.And the cab line? Call ahead and arrange for a car service.  Endless serpentine of zombie like tourists waiting forever for your cab is guaranteed to suck any energy and excitement for Vegas right out of you.   You'd think with 18 cab spaces available it would move along.  It doesn't.  Only aggravates you more almost paralleled to the incompetence experienced with TSA in my 2nd paragraph.  Guess they're determined to annoy  you coming and going. The boarding areas are way too small.  Not enough to accommodate a full flight much less the two they run back to back out of the same gate. Bodies stacked upon bodies. No charging stations anywhere.  Very tempted to unplug one of the numerous slot machines so I can juice up my phone for my delayed flight.  As I write this,  I'm getting intimate with a Best Buy kiosk,  sharing its energy. Food options stinks.  Paid $35 for 2 bottled juices and 2 premade sandwiches.  Even the cashier apologized for the price but my kids gotta eat during the fight. McCarren Airport......a necessary evil.
1	Worst airport I have ever stepped foot in.  The directions to the various gates are god awful.  I am a pretty frequent traveler and never in my life have I been in an airport where I was constantly taking 2 steps forward and 5 steps back.  Retracing my steps because signs take you in a direction and then they stop.  Next thing you know, you're lost.  Not to mention the airlines messed up our flights and sent us running back and forth between terminals.  Each trip needing a shuttle ride.   Apparently you can't pick up the phone and call other airlines for your customers.  Kill me.  Never again.
3	I like the airport is easy to navigate but it needs cleaned and upgraded.  A city that brings in so much tourist travel needs to invest in things for us tourists that are bringing that money and the airport is one big project that needs addressed.
4	Las Vegas' main international airport is not too shabby at all.Getting off the plane, the first thing you notice are the slot machines.  You know you're in Vegas when you see these!  Despite arriving here during Thanksgiving weekend the airport processes were smooth.  We got off, it took 5 minutes to get our bags, and it was easy to get to the car rental center via an awaiting shuttle bus.  I also like how friendly the staaff here is; of course, with Vegas being a hot spot for weekenders and tourists, they definitely need to make that first impression count.The car rental area thankfully is in a separate facility from the airport terminal.  All the major car rental companies are under one roof.  They always stock cars and are helpful at least the desk.If you fly into Vegas, you will, most likely come through McCarran International Airport.  Fortunately I haven't had issues while travelling through here.
1	i don't know how you can go to vegas and avoid this but god what a pain in the ass. Much bigger airports are better organized than this. Bathrooms are sick! how can O'hare have cleaner bathrooms then you! TSA here are morons. Saturday after Thanksgiving they were "understaffed" who the hell thought of that! huge lines for security and i saw several old people abandoned in wheel chairs because they didn't have anyone to push them. I bet if you paid better you could afford to higher people who wernt complete morons
3	Free wifi! Lots of food choices but perhaps even more slot machines! The airport totally  look like its still stuck in the 80s. The decor is outdated and has a slight uncomforting smell. My biggest complaint is the long shuttle ride to the rental car location. It took about 10 minutes which just make sure you plan ahead when you are catching a flight after dropping off your rental. Baggage carousel is confusing, they don't have an arrival screen that tells you which carousel your flight's luggage is coming out of. So you walk around looking at every station to see your flight number. Otherwise, everything else is nicely labeled, lots of moving walkways to move people along.
4	Any trip that ends here is usually a good one when it comes to visiting Las Vegas!  We came into a new wing this time that appeared to be newly built and renovated.  For a place that is visited as often as it is visited, this airport more than fits the needs of a city that lives to entertain!
5	3 Words: Benefit Vending MachineHave I died and gone to heaven??? Just imagine it, stepping off of the escalator, rushing to our flight and what is before my eyes...???A Benefit Cosmetics pink bus vending machine.Praise the lord our flight was boarding and ready to leave or else I would have been in some serious trouble.This thing is just too cute for words "Glam Up & Away" kiosks are genius! LAX needs one pronto!
3	This is totes a Vegas airport. An old skool Vegas airport. Slot machines, vendors selling hoochie mama clothes and blingy accessories to match, dingy carpet ... Think "The Palm" before their major facelift. Unlike most airports with charging stations and desk areas, there are hardly any electrical outlets in sight. And my guess is because why waste a perfectly good electrical outlet on charging phones and laptops when you can attach a slot machine to it?!
2	This airport (the Southwest terminal at least) is so old and outdated. It smells like an old basement. Food choices are seriously lacking though there is a new Pei Wei. The B gates have seriously not been updated since the 50's. Time for a revamp!
4	My husband and I used this airport for our Thanksgiving vacation this year.Since this Yelp is for the actual airport and not the flight services, overall a good experience.-The bus to/from the economy lot is VERY helpful! Loved that I didnt have to lift my heavy luggage into the back. Drivers were friendly and made conversation. -The ticket counter like was quick (then again it was 5am!). They got our luggage sent off to the plane in a timely manner. -We were going to get some breakfast at the USO before heading to the terminal, but they were closed! (Again, it was 5 am, but still bummed!)-Security had a few people checking tickets and ID's which made the line very short. TSA was quick on scanning our belongings and self's. They were very thorough on their searches too!-The terminal was nice, looked remodeled since last time I had been there (probably close to 6 years ago). Not many places were open, but the necessities were (Starbucks a Cinnabon!) Since arriving early, we had plenty of time to play some slots! My husband scored us some extra cash for our trip which was nice! Overall, nice airport. Will be back. Its cheaper to fly out of Vegas than San Diego, out of the way, but we have to drop the dogs off in AZ at family's when traveling so its perfect!
2	I have been to this airport so many times the past year not because I am an party animal or a gambler. I just happen to be Southwest frequent flyer, and Southwest just happens to put me here waiting for my connecting flight so many times. This airport is Small and OLD. It is really really old. I am more used to it now, but the first time I got there. I was scared for a second. The restrooms are old, too. I hope they renovate this airport soon. The city should spend some tax money from all the Casino on this airport!!!!There are slot machines everywhere, but I don't see that many people actually play. I never did, so I have no feelings towards that. I'm neither bothered by it. They do have few food options like Nathan's burger or sandwiches and hot dog. There is, by the way, a good chocolate store in the middle of the airport if you want to get some gifts or just get your chocolate fix here. It's not cheap. But good chocolate is never cheap anyway. Even it's very old, but everything is pretty well organized. All the signs are clear. And the line for getting a cab is long but super fast and super organized. No need to bump into anyone to fight for taxi, just get in line, the staff will tell you exactly what to do and where to go. Thumbs up!There's also shuttles to most of the hotels. I believe it is $7 per person. It's very convenient.
3	This airport is pretty nice because they have a lot of food options, but they are typical outrageous airport prices. My late night flights to Oakland are almost always delayed too.
5	In my experience as a frequent flyer I've experienced my fair share of lay overs. After so many I've learned to appreciate Las Vegas's McCarran International Airport. The ease of their ticketing machines because they have all the airlines on each machine. The ease of bag checking personally I've never had an issue. TSA's pretty polite and courteous and depending on your gate McCarran Airport has a pretty good selection of souvenir shops and quick eats.
2	This airport (the Southwest terminal at least) is so old and outdated. It smells like an old basement. Food choices are seriously lacking though there is a new Pei Wei. The B gates have seriously not been updated since the 50's. Time for a revamp!
3	This place is all right. Check in was a breeze (maybe because I came at 4am!). Yes it's old and outdated, but there's free wi-fi, so that's a plus for me. :)
4	Being a pretty seasoned traveler, I feel like McCarran is a very well structured airport.  It's easy to navigate & I've never had to stand in a very long security line.  Especially now that the new Terminal 3 is open, security never takes very long.  The airport is always clean as well - even the bathrooms.  All of my flights have boarded on time & I've never been stuck on the runway for a delay.Of course, with all airports, the restaurants are notoriously expensive.  And watch out for an older Asian lady who works at Burger King - She's a piece of work!
5	Having dealt with Newark and JFK Airports all my life, I was utterly impressed with this one. I expected drunken crowds of crazy people bumping into me, causing me to randomly curse people out. My flight in was pretty uneventful, it was semi-crowded but we got out of there quickly. We were dropped off on the Strip within 45 minutes of us landing.We left pretty late at night and it was a Ghost Town. After having spent 3 days straight playing Fireball and Wheel of Fortune, I had absolutely no desire to play more slots in the airport. (If you do, you might need to look up your local GA when you get home)We got through security both times with no issues or fondling. It made me wish Newark/JFK was more like this place. They seem to know how to handle huge crowds of tourists without pissing people off.
3	I like this airport.  I don't like how long it takes to get your bags when you arrive & the security lines... but other than that it's a nice airport.
3	It's definitely faster getting through security here than at DIA (my home airport) but it's an airport. How great can it be?
5	Who doesn't love this airport????  OMG it's so easy.  The thought of landing in Vegas already holds an expectation, and the airport for sure meets that challenge!  Once you step off the plane you hear the ching ching ching of the machines and you KNOW you have arrived!I think it's a very clean airport.  The staff have always been funny and helpful.  I can imagine they have such good stories to tell...The luggage is not too bad - sometimes a longer wait but that is ok.  The taxi line can be long but for the most part moves quickly.The cute train between terminals is so easy and fun.The lobby areas have nice artwork and big fun posters about who is in town. Great vibe and great service!
2	Really confusing airport.  We were just picking up a buddy adn... well... it was really confusing.LAX seems more organized than this place.That's not good.
3	It was my first time in Vegas. The airport itself isn't as large as what I had expected it to be. Easy to walk and navigate through. Watching people still playing on the slot machines before boarding their flight was a hoot.
4	Heheh - how can you NOT be a fan of this airport? It's Vegas!!! C'mon, where can you get boozed up, gamble, shop and chill for your flight? THIS airport! It's easily getting in and out of the airport, plus a taxi is about 20 bucks to and from the airport to the strip. I don't really mind it. It's clean and there are signs directing you to where you need to go. It's not too bad. WiFi! woot, they finally have it (wasn't sure how long ago, that the airport implemented it)Granted I'm not here that often - it's a 4 hour drive from LA, 3.5 if I don't stop and no traffic. However, I do fly to Vegas once in a blue moon. It's only an hour, and I can party there and on the way back. hah :)
3	This airport was pretty empty when we got here on Saturday morning, kind of creepy but kind of cool so we wouldn't have to deal with crazy crowds. I found it interesting that they had slot machines by the baggage claim. I didn't see much of the stores around the terminal because I was ready to get picked up and get my drink on. But going outside to find the pick up spot was very confusing. Why so confusing! Ugh. Both my ride and us were confused on where we should get picked up. We eventually got picked up at T3, in a parking structure, 3 levels up... so weird. Anyways once we got picked up we went on our way to have some fun in the city of sin...
4	This is one of the easiest airports that I've been through. Never had a problem with them. And I love the cute shuttle train that takes you to the baggage area. You know you're in Vegas when there are slot machines in the airport!
5	Yeeehaw! How many other airports can you go play the slots at!? Kickass! I love throwing a few bucks in the slot machines while I wait for my flight! The airport is mostly fairly clean. Plenty of outlets for travelers to charge their gadgets. There's all kinds of cool stores to shop at and blow your massive Vegas jackpot money. The transportation is easy to get to the strip immediately, with set prices. There's easy access to bathrooms and drinking water. However, the prices are pretty dang expensive for all the food stuff. It's a pleasure to fly in and out of McCarran.
3	I love Vegas, but every time I land at McCarran I feel as though I'm suddenly taken back about 20 years. Nowadays it looks like it's mostly Southwest flights coming into this airport, but every time I have landed here I seem to have to walk miles and miles to the other side of the airport, where I'm supposed to be. The food choices here are average. They've done some renovation to try to make the airport better but there really is not anything memorable about this place at all other than the slot machines that (seriously!) take your money.It's about a $20-25 taxi ride to get to the strip, so if you're on a tight schedule beware, as traffic may fluctuated depending on what time you're getting in.I guess if you're intoxicated this might be an okay airport but if I had to be here for longer than an hour for a layover, I think I would cry myself to gamble at the slot machines scattered throughout the airport.
4	12.1.13.Viva Las Vegas!While I don't like the smokey atmosphere of this airport or the flashiness due to the strategically placed slot machines, this airport is def one of my favs because of the way it's laid out.Once you check-in, you only have to go through security once & you'll have access to all of the gates/terminals. Of course, this airport compared to HNL is HUGE & the security check-point area feels like you're cattle being herded into pens...but it is relatively quick because there are so many security check lanes!The trams that take you to the different terminals/baggage claim areas are pretty efficient...like I said the layout is how all airports should be laid out--logical & convenient. The rental car area is also easy to get to/get out from.There is also a lot of airline/company lounges here! Amex cardholders--there's a Centurion Lounge here that is AMAZING.I would def not mind traveling through this airport again!Yelp 365 Challenge: #334/365
3	The airport is okay, security is tight - no nonsense and much more rigid than some other airports I've been in.  The flight in is always full of excited people - the flight out always seems pretty subdued, I wonder why?Easy peasy - take the tram to your terminal and you're on your way.  Gates are easy to find.
3	The parking lot / drive-paths here are a nightmare. I must have made 3 passes before finally figuring out which path led me to Pax Pickup. Trying to get to the pickup area for a passenger is its own challenge as well.Good Luck.
3	The Las Vegas airport is very, well, Las Vegas-like.  There are slot machines right when you walk off the plane!  It's everything you'd expect the LV airport to be. When I arrived, I was meeting a friend on another flight.  I flew Southwest and her Delta.  We were unable to meet up anywhere but the baggage claim area, as apparently these two concourses are separate.  None the less, we found each other then stood in a taxi line for about 45 minutes. My friend who arrived a few hours later also sat in the 45 minute line, and my friend who arrived even later later - Still quite a line.  They should really do something about the taxi line.  Another area for a line would seem appropriate.  There were, however, hundreds of taxis and the line went "fast'" it was just so dang long. I was quite hungover (drunk?) when I departed from here, and basically fell asleep waiting for my plane, so I am not sure what all it has to offer for shopping and eats.
4	The first time I went to Vegas as an adult, I was greeted by the airport slot machines. This is one of the only places I encountered in Vegas with free WiFi. It's pretty clean, efficient, and, as I've only been here for early morning flights, relatively quiet for an airport.
3	Slots were fairly loose (walked away +$60) for me when I played while on a layover. The Southwest terminal needs some SERIOUS updating. Only 3 sets of bathrooms and 15 outlets (yes I counted as I was bored without being able to charge up my devices) in the entire terminal. Food selection was decent however and reasonably priced for an airport.
4	I call it the gate way to enter and l leave sin city.  Leaving your plane near baggage claim you are surrounded by slot machines everywhere.  I guess the city want you to get in the mood of spending.  Food offering on the new terminals is very minimal.MGM hotels offer a hotel check on site at the airport witch is a huge plus for me on the last visit.Rental cars are located in a separate facility that requires a 10-15 min shuttle ride(bus) .Keep in mind if you rent a a car from a off site car rental facility like I did once you will need plan  at least a one hour to 30mins more to leave your hotel to the air port since your will be taking two buses (offsite car facility to airport car facility to airport).The past two visits  TSA(security)  were not long but it take me 45 mins since everyone in front of me were international travelers.  Over all interesting airport Casino airport !
4	An airport with slot machines? BEST IDEA EVER.....or.... WORST IDEA EVER... that depends on what trip you are asking me such question. Either way, better than LAX, that's for sure!Seriously, though. I like airports that are in the city they claim. A 10-15 minute cab ride will get you to your favorite hotel and into the great city of Las Vegas. I have never had to wait too long for a cab and this is an international airport. Win Big! :)
1	How stupid are the supervisors of this airport? They have small shuttles to get you between terminals. The shuttles are very small buses that can not accommodate luggage. People who have to transfer from international to domestic usually have to grab their luggage and take it themselves. So no room in the shuttles. It is too far to walk. Stupid ignorant cheap supervisors. I can only assume that all the big buses were taken. Do us a favor and do something about that.
4	Great airport! Lots of quality people watching. This place is laid out well. The only setback is the parking signs are hard to understand.
4	Slots machines while you wait for your flight..what more can you ask for to pass the time?  They even have them at the baggage carousel for degenerate gamblers.  Yes, I did play them while waiting for my baggage. Generally, there is an attendant nearby each bank of machines, so you can cash out.Ironically, I have had pretty good returns on the machines here.
2	I am not a fan of the design of this airport. It is rather dated, and the boarding areas are enclosed not by walls but windows from floor to ceiling and is a nightmare when the sun is coming down. Slot machines in the boarding areas make these areas cramped and hard to navigate. The only place to recharge your electronics are few and far between, located in the walkways far from the gates. There aren't too many dining options either.
4	The party starts as soon as you get off your plane. Slot machines all over the airport. Either go broke or win before you get to your hotel. It was very easy to navigate in McCarran. Everything was marked so you shouldn't get lost or anything. It was easy to catch a shuttle as well.
4	A faery impressive airport considering the volume of travelers they serve.  Clean and well laid out.  My only gripe are the really rude and condescending TSA agents, but no surprise, Right?
4	In line to get my CES badge for the show, the line went pretty fast !
3	this airport is okay...super close to the strip, but not a fan of having to take a shuttle off site for car rental
4	I like this airport. It's small but oh so conveniently located, just ten minutes from The Strip. I like how it's easy to find your way around; there's good signage and it's easy to navigate. I like how the bathrooms are a-plenty and they're clean. I don't gamble, but I like the novelty of hearing and seeing slot machines right when you get off the plane, as if they're singing "Welcome to Vegas, baby!". The food options weren't as abundant or diverse as I'd prefer, but hey, for a smaller-scale airport, it wasn't bad. The luggage carousels were large and well-delineated, and one can easily pick up a taxi or shuttle van right outside, to take you to the Strip for under $10 (at least, I got a great rate on a shuttle). On my return visit, to fly out of Vegas, I was able to get through security in an unbelievably fast time (what a refreshing change from SeaTac Airport! Like, night and day).
3	I connected through this airport on my most recent trip back to California.  The interior looked like it could use a facelift.  There were slot machines in the terminals as well as stores and restaurants.  I was expecting more slot machines but then again, this was an airport and not a casino.  I didn't walk far in the airport to see other parts of the airport since my connecting flight was a few gates down which was pretty close.  It was pretty busy but it was also nearing the holidays when I was here and who wouldn't want to come to Las Vegas?  I guess if you have a long layover, then you can always hit up the slot machines.  Overall, I thought this was a decent airport and would probably connect through here in the future.
3	More seating please!Ok on the plus side there are a lot of food and shopping options inside the Las Vegas airport. You can find something to eat and drink and they even have oxygen bars. My issue though is the overall layout is a little too crammed and there needs to be more seating. The slot machines are awesome, but they take up a lot of space. During busy times all of the regular seating gets taken up and you can't sit in any of the tons of empty slot machine seats unless you're playing one. I encourage you to take a look at a map and the signs if you are catching a connecting flight. When I flew through last week I started running to catch my next flight at a gate that was a much higher number than the one I came in on. Little did I know the other gate was just around the corner from where I was at due to the funky layout. On the transportation front I forewarn that the taxi line can get really long and the rental car center is pretty far off site. I personally lean towards booking a car service. It's a little more pricey but it makes the Las Vegas airport ground transportation a little more bearable.
5	TSA Pre rocks here. Usually no line and very friendly folks. The main terminal is well laid out. Baggage claim can be a bit daunting after a long flight with all the "Vegas Baby" lights. Overall one of the best small airports.
5	Las Vegas. Should I say something more?when you arrive in the baggage claim hall you find the firsts of the 500000 slot machines you will see in the city!Full of souvenirs' shops and also full of bar, it's near the strip so if you have a room in one of the casinos on the las vegas boulevard you can go there by taxi for about 20 dollars.But don't forgot to ask to the driver to avoid the freeway... he can ty to trick you! I've paid from the airport to the Riviera about 40 dollars. TOO MUCH.Otherwise there is also a shuttle that you can take for about 2 dollars If I remember well.Enjoy the city and don't forget...if you see it once, you'll never be the same again!
4	Note: inbound flights will be 99% likely to have drunk passengers and giddy college students. Slots slots slots slots - everyboday!But can I just say something? Their Wi-fi is freakishly fast, probably the fastest of any airport I've been to. Guess they need to satisfy all the people Instagramming their "landed in vegas!" photos. It's smaller than some other international airports, but it's still well-maintained. Unless you get to your terminal early though, you'll probably be standing. Happy Vegas-ing!
3	As a temporary resident of Las Vegas I fly in and out a lot. The airport is extremely convenient with the economy parking. I usually pre-print my pass and arrive within the the hour. The security is quick for the most part. Note: bring food. They do not have appetizing/ healthy food options
3	This airport has quite a few things going for it. First it's in Vegas so most people are in a great mood when they land, then maybe they're broke and bitter when they leave but maybe not. They do have slot machines in the airport so if you have a few dollars left you can play them to pass the time while you wait for your flight. They also have cigar and liquor stores in the airport so you can get some items to enjoy on your way to your hotel and thorough the visit.  They also have working wifi and  zones where you can recharge your phone, laptop, etc. The airport is also close to the strip which is convenient, though all car rentals are offsite so you have to take a shuttle bus which is a little annoying but no big deal. The bad things are subpar food options depending where you are in the terminal and more importantly the terminal can be CROWDED sometimes with people standing in the aisle and circling the seating area like a shopper in a Christmas mall parking lot trying to scoop up the last seat. Overall it's not a bad airport, so long as you get a seat!
3	I love this airport. Mainly because I love Vegas. Yes, I've spent my fair share of time curled up in the most uncomfortable chair ever created trying not to move or let any light touch me and just praying my flight boards early, but on a normal layover I just can't resist a few slots and a cold drink. You can order drinks from the restaurant bars and walk around with them... and for $12/drink there isn't much you shouldn't be able to do with that drink.. but it isn't the worst way to kill a layover. I also really liked the Pei Wei which is able to get your food to you fast.
4	This reminds me of what horse tracks used to be back in the late 80's early 90's.  There are slot machines everywhere even past the gate.  There are lounges (non-smoking and smoking segregated) full of machines as well.TSA agents here are very friendly and understand people just want to have a good time.Also, I won $200 while waiting for my plane.  Food options past the gate are limited, but they are pretty good.  I think the food here is more quality over quantity. Verdict: if you're ever "stuck" in Vegas, flight delays here aren't so bad.
3	Slots, slots, slots!It makes me laugh that they encourage you to gamble as soon as you step foot into the airport of Sin City. Sadly, like all the casinos, the stench of cigarettes and cigars also lingers over everything here.It kind of sucks that it's a little ways out from the Strip so you have to either shuttle or taxi in, but that's just a minor complaint. You can't really get lost, what with the bajillion signs that they have everywhere pointing the way. I've heard that security can be kind of a nightmare here, but Boyfriend and I breezed through TSA and checking in, so fingers crossed it's like this every time.
3	McCarran International Airport.  It's also known as the "Gateway to Sin".  Alcohol, boobies, gambling, and the most evil of all: buffets, lie wait for you.  At your arrival, you'll notice slot machines ringing and enticing you to impregnate them with your money.  As I stared at one of the machines, I could've swore it said, "Hey, big boy!  Five dolla make me holla!"  Anyways, besides seeing slot machines, you'll notice a good amount of fast food joints and shops.  Go ahead and explore, there's a bunch of them.  All with their pros and cons.As you make your way downstairs, you'll notice all the signs pointing you to whatever place you need to go.  It's pretty easy to follow the arrows to cabs, rental cars, and other places.  But yeah, that's McCarran for yah.  It's just another airport in the world, nothing too special.
3	McCarran International is pretty damn efficient, considering how many folks fly in and out for conventions, drinking, gambling, strip clubs, fighting and f@cking.
3	This airport is eh.. Check ins was a horrible experience and security was very rude. However, you can drink, there are slots, slots, slots every where and a place to charge your phone. Easy airport to get around.
4	For every bit I love McCarran Airport there is an equal and opposite hatred for the same.  I love flying in and out of McCarran.  I get dropped off at the main entrance and quickly make my way to security without issue.  The lines flow quickly for the most part and sometimes I even come across some friendly TSA agents (though they can be hard to spot).  Depending on which terminal I am flying from I get to see some cool stuff.  When flying Southwest out of the C Gates I get to see the old McCarran that I grew to know as a kid flying out here as an unaccompanied minor to visit my dad.  It brings back good memories.  If I fly to SFO on a different airline (United, Continental, etc) I fly out of the D Gates.  They are much newer and cleaner than C Gates and feel like a mall.  It has a very modern look.  And I love the tram than takes me to the D Gates.  It starts above ground and ends underground.  It is like a mini subway here in Vegas.  Its one of those little things in life that makes me happy.  As for coming home, the trams from both C and D Gates drop you right near baggage claim and it is an easy exit from there.  Usually my dad is waiting there for me.  I have taken the bus and that was a bit of a pain.  I had a hard time finding the bus platform.  Just follow the signs and you'll be fine.  It just may take some time, thats all.For my hatred of McCarran, picking up incoming passengers as opposed to being one.  I have picked up a buddy of mine twice and both times we kept missing each other with the couple of different bridges from baggage claim to the parking structure.  One time he walked on the  lower bridge all the while I was on the opposite.  The next time he walked the upper.  The confusion did not end there either.  You have different levels of the parking structure with the same number.  Like Level 2 and Level 2M.  Its not just a different section but a totally differnent level.  People on the elevator get lost all the time and end up getting off too soon and getting right back on.  I learned my lesson from picking up my friend so yesterday when I had to pick up my aunt I went in to baggage claim and waited for her.  There are so many escalators for people to come down I did not know where to watch for her.  I nearly missed her despite my best effort.  Nevertheless I did find her and we retrieved her luggage quickly and it was back out to the parking lot of doom.  I should have used the "Pay Here" kiosks to get out of the parking lot but no, I left the ticket in my car.  So I proceeded to the pay booths at the exit.  One lane was open that was accepting cash.  I got in that line and sat for nearly 15 minutes before I relaized it was not moving.  I don't know if the front car was broken down or if it was just some idiot fishing for loose change.  Either way it was frustrating.  I ended up at a kiosk at the exit and using a card to pay.  A card a put in the direction indicated by the picture on the machine.  It was the wrong way.  A quick turn around and my aunt and I were finally off.  I much prefer to be a passenger at McCarran.  That is the way to go.
4	This was my first time at this airport. Upon exiting the plane the first thing you see are slots machines - which clearly you would expect landing in Vegas. They have a lot of stores here even high end stores like pandora and coach! Yes a coach in an airport! Crazy I know lol The airport is smaller than most which is a good thing to find your way around. A lot of the things are spread out, meaning to pick up your checked bags you have to go to the front of the airport which is a long walk to a small Bart ride and then another long walk to your terminal. Baggage usually arrives promptly because be on look out in case it changes on which carousel it comes out on. After you pick up your luggage, you can find taxi cabs and shuttle services outside already waiting. If you are traveling with more than two people I recommend you take taxi , which is cheaper. Shuttle service is $7 a person. Taxi is $20 depending on where you are going (we went to New York New York) obviously closer to the airport the better. Overall a great first great experience. If I am ever in Vegas , I will be here again.
4	I was very impressed by the improvements, this airport has made in the last year. Seems like getting from point A to point B, is now much more simple.I was very impressed by the friendliness of the TSA Agents, at the security check point. They treated people like a human, and not a criminal. There are many new restaurants, bars, and snack stops.I think the gift shops need to lower prices on bottled water. We can't bring in our own, and I feel $3.00- $4.00 a bottle is a rip off.The C Gate is a very large area, I think they should install moving walkways to make it easier to walk through.I'm a smoker, and I'm glad they added smoking sections. The only change I'd make, is building a few that are in open air. Seems like the minute you walk in, you smell like an ash tray. When traveling, I will definitely fly, rather than drive, due to the improvements they've made
3	Yelp says that I'm a "regular" here. -_- Is that a good or a bad thing? lolI've been to Vegas more than a few times so this airport is somewhat.. familiar.Slot machines can be seen as soon as you get off your plane, duh.You have to take a tram to get to baggage claim, FYI.I don't know if it's just me but out of all the airports I have been to, which is quite a few, this place always takes FOREVER to get your bags to the carousel. It's not the airline because I use either Alaska, Southwest or Virgin. Thought I would point it out.The taxi line is always a maze, if you wear heels, GOOD LUCK. lol. If you don't have a rolling bag, I feel bad for you son. lol. I'm just sayin'
5	I'm impressed thus far!!! As soon as I got off the plan I was greeted with slots.... I hope and pray I leave with what I came with.  The airport is fairly self-explanatory. After I retrieved my luggage, I could go left or right. Left was for a taxi and right is for the shuttle. I recommend the shuttle. It's cheaper and you get to interact with more people.
4	I was here for an hour and a half layover. I found this airport to be very clean, with good clear signage and adorable slot machines. It was really easy to navigate and I didn't have my usual "I'm going to miss my flight because I don't know where I'm going" layover panic. I liked this airport very much.
4	It's not like you really have a choice of another major airport coming in to Vegas, but McCarran's a good place. I fly out at least once a month, normally more, and TSA is normally pretty quick, effective, and clear. The new Terminal is a welcome addition, although a little sparse at the moment.Plus, I'm rarely delayed. We can thank the desert for that, but why not give McCarran some props?And free WiFi is a major plus.
4	LOL, I have a love/hate relationship with this airport. PROS-Because there's so many tourists, vacation-ers, party-goers, the taxi drivers know how to get the job done by getting their passengers to and from the airport. This also goes for the people who work in the airport.-I love how modern and "appeaaaling" it is to the tourist's eyes, hella trying to lure them into spending money! (Duh), lol.CONS-Of course, because it isss Vegas, it WILL be busy, so expect to come right at the 2 hour mark before your flight so you aren't stuck in the long security line. Believe me, I've almost missed my flight before.-The actually clerks can be bitches, which I can understand because they deal with annoying, drunk, hungover people everyday, but shiit, can a person get a little kindness! Lol.
4	You can gamble and pig out while waiting for your flight.  Enough said !!!!!!
4	Big airport..decent food options .. Easy to get to and from the strip can't complain one of the better airport to travel into in the United States
5	15 Bucks to the Strip. Can't beat that! Clean. Got a free pre-screen. JBLU's a big playah now! Don't have to shuttle to the cheap side now. As far as airports go, this is one of the cleaner ones.
4	Nice and clean airport, good food selections, and plenty of space inside. if party of 2 or less, suggest you take a shuttle instead of a taxi to your hotel- bell trans is only $13 round trip/ person and very nice.
2	This place is overcrowded, dingy, and old. At least the "C" terminal is... it looks like it was built for a time when Las Vegas got far fewer visitors, because it looks thrown together, with about every chain restaurant they could find. Nothing looks local at all.Stay away from the Sammy Hagar Beach Bar & Grill. Food was subpar, pico de gallo looked about 2 weeks old, and the lime on my Corona was brown - it's pretty clear they let their food sit out.
3	As soon as I landed my happy ass in Las Vegas, I couldn't help but shout VEGAS, VEGAS, VEGAS!!This airport is nothing special, but offers a bunch of randoms that most airports don't. 1. Slot machines, to play while you wait....and loose money while you wait.2. All kinds of entertainment - music, live ads for shows and the like.3. Alcohol is offered right after you get off the plane. HOLLER!However, the security lines and baggage check were insanely long, food options aren't that great, and people all seem to be in an off mood.not the best, but not the worst.
4	Home sweet home!!Per Yelp, 4 stars = Yay! I'm a fan.That's exactly what I think of McCarran...I'm a fan.It's an airport...but there are some factors which make it better than most:1 - not overly crowded2 - security lines are quite fast3 - convenient ticket printing kiosks4 - great shopping5 - SLOT MACHINESOh, and VALET.TIP:  i love the valet...don't love the prices...but i love calling them when my plane lands to ask them to pull my car up.
4	Definitely a nicer airport compared to some of the other ones that I flew into. I used United when I flew in and out of this airport. Security was fine, and while you were waiting in line, they showed a hilarious clip of the Carrot Top making mistakes during the airport security screening, just to keep the passengers entertained.  They had nice, yet pricey shopping areas for you to look at, and slot machines if you ever had the need to gamble while you wait to board your flight. Oh, and let's not forget about the FREE WIFI!!A lot of the eating areas were really pricey, and the prices did not match the quality of the food items that were being sold. But then again, it's typical in the airports. We all have to eat prior to boarding or sometime during mid-flight, right?Overall, a very good airport, and if I ever fly back to Vegas again, I will look forward to landing here.Cheers!
1	get the slots out.they only take your money and leave you with a sour taste for Vegas.  I had to hang out for 3 hours due to flight delay.  Watched people playing slots for hours and not one person ever won.   They only put money in, never seemed to take it out.  would love to know the pay out on the airport slots as i'm sure it's very low.
1	What a joke! I now remember why I stopped flying American Airlines. And the self serve kiosks are even worse. AA, if you want some advice, that would be to take them out and sell them as boat anchors.Second entry - well AA is living up to my original entry. I understand the weather is bad but come on, I looking at 4 delays (one was a full day) and two gate changes. And the only communication was the gate change. Now I'm looking at an 11:00 departure and at this point it wouldn't surprise me if I ended up sleeping on the floor. Over thirty years with United and although there were delays, at least they told you why. Sorry, American Airlines SUCK!
4	I do love my Reno airport.  It's easily accessible.  Parking is a breeze.  The folks working the counters are always helpful and friendly.  The security line is rarely busy, and TSA are nice.  They've done a lot of renovations in this place, and it has a nice feel.  If only they had better restaurants!
3	The airport in Las Vegas is definitely a reflection of the Las Vegas strip and all that it is famous for. Lingering stench of cigarette smoke, old lady perfume and the peculiar mixture of hopefulness and despair, which hangs heavy in the stale air.  Props to slot machines at every turn, the airport would do well to place the same, or even a fraction of the same, care in the shopping and restaurant choices. My least favorite experience upon arrival at this airport is the Disneylandesque length of the taxi queue.
4	Its new, its clean, its much less crowded then terminal one.andthey have some good EATS.relatively quick to get from gate to baggage claim. easy to find.
3	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrZaSce7w6A&list=PL85F12CD79A4CF72A (youtube video)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_ZnpCNfarA&index=36&list=PLA8fY63qNlEtdE6Y3ZgDYj_Nz57VfuWFE (youtube video)First thing you notice when you arrived at McCarran International Airport are the rows of slots machine. If you have any doubt about what Vegas is about, that image would put it to rest. Yes, Las Vegas is all about indoor smoking. Then you'll realize that you need to take a train, not to get out of the airport, but merely to another part of the airport. As a preview of your long lines into the buffets later that night, you will be packed with hundreds of travelers not know why they are packed in the same carriage with you. Enjoy the exotic cologne from the equally exotic man standing next to you, my friend, because that's not really his cologne you are smelling. Once you find your way to the exit, you will find service to the strip from taxi, shuttle or hotel limos, because public transportation is highly discouraged by the Vegas authority. It will also give you a taste of getting ripped off before you get actually get ripped off at the casinos. On your way out, you will have to maze through an equally confusing airport security line. You may or may not be in the right line, people around you are walking by while you spend what seems like a life time stationary.  But once you got inside you feel a sense of accomplishment, like you've made it, one of the few chosen people who get to fly that day.Other than the confusing logistics, the airport operation itself was rather smooth. I just think the airport have out grown it's capacity.
4	I seem to have good luck when traveling in and out of this airport.  Security lines are usually never very long and they move quickly! Before leaving on your flight, there are plenty of slot machines to keep you entertained.  I will say that I have won on several occasions! What a great way to start a vacation! From coffee to burritos to Burger King, there is something to munch on while you are waiting.  They even have the local Ethel M Chocolate store to browse and pick up a gift! Whether you are coming or going, the passenger flow seems to move efficiently.  The directional signs are frequent and make it easy to navigate your way.  Yep, it's one of my favorites!
4	McCarran Airport is like the Strip in a 15 minute walk. You could literally never leave the airport and experience all of the cliche things about Vegas: the weird souvenirs, alcoholic drinks and slot machines. They even got down the "fast food everywhere you look". Remember, if you are picking someone up from this airport, don't linger at the passenger pickup anywhere. Also, short term parking is free for the first 15 minutes. Watch the clock! Really. They are constantly updating this airport and things are pretty new. Food is usually always fresh. The place is as clean as it can get. The bathrooms could use a little work, however!!!!! On a scale from 1 to 10, McCarran would make an 8. There are definitely worse airports that you could be at, don't take this airport for granted just because of a single bad experience! But really, this airport is a pretty good one, those things aside. They have really good customer service as long as you have printed out your tickets in advance. Also, arrive 2 hours before your flight because lines can get long!!
1	Worst airport I've ever been to hands down. I travel the world and have been to 100+ to compare.  Only place that sucked nearly as bad was Atlanta but only because of the long walks.
3	I've come here a few times for layovers and it gets the job done. If you love the clinking of slot machines every 5 feet, this place is definitely for you! Ha, but really, in Vegas you'll be gambling from the moment you step off the plane straight into your hotel room so don't be surprised by these slot machines. The airport is one of the smaller ones but you do have the luxury of free WIFI while you're waiting! Always a bonus.
5	One of the best airports!  Clean and tons of restaurant options.. Sfo should learn from these guys!
4	Extremely efficient TSA staff almost border lining on rude but I fly 2-4 times a week and I love their expeditious no frills approach. Not 5 stars because there is no priority line.
3	As airports go, Mccarren isnt up to par on making flyers comfortable.  The free Wifi barely works and the baggage claim and passanger pickup is always a nightmare.  I do not travel often, but i dread going to the airport because it really is that bad.
3	Recently, I flew to Vegas for the first time. Living in LA, I've only driven there. Maneuvering around the airport was fairly easy to navigate. When we reached baggage claim, where we arrived 20-30 minutes late, my friend's luggage was waiting near the info desk as a security precaution so it wouldn't get stolen. It was a nice surprise. Eventually, we made our way to where the shuttle buses and limos arrive so we could take the WAX bus (public transit). I appreciate that they even have that option opposed to being forced to take a cab.
3	Not the most aesthetically pleasing airport, but I did appreciate that the check-in and security was very efficient and the TSA agents were happy, smiling, and friendly even at 6AM. I went to the Jet Blue gates and was disappointed that there weren't any charging stations for electronic devices. At least they had free WiFi.
3	Pretty easy to navigate, the only real thing that sucks is the food. And that the slots don't let you win. :) But what slot in Vegas does?Other than that security was relatively painless and I've never had a problem flying out from here. There was a nice charging station near my gate.
3	If you're flying an airline that flies out of terminal 3 like United, you better give yourself an extra 20-30 minutes. The terminal 3 security line is far far far slower than terminal 1.
4	Love this airport. It is relatively clean, free wifi with plenty of charging stations, a huge duty free store, and lots of slot machines to play while you are waiting to jet off.Have yet to encounter a problem going through security which can be pretty intimidating and scary; some of the TSA employees can be pretty mean at some airports, they were all pretty nice here!Food options are A-OK, MOES, Burger King, Carls JR, and Starbucks are all examples of the food options available.
4	I like how terminal 3 is a lot newer and cleaner tan terminal 1. Security check and ticketing are also much faster. I took the tram to transfer to terminal 1 after getting through terminal 3. I also like how there were ads saying "what happens here stays here - just a friendly reminder" all around the airport LOL oh vegas :)
4	I have flown in/out of Vegas several times, this review is for a lay-over so I cant comment on Security. I did play the slot machines (hey I'm in Vegas!!) and did get dinenr to go from PeiWei.
2	10,000 people, about 6 power outlets... They need to look at Sacramento with an outlet and USB charger at pretty much every gate seat in the terminal.Food is bad, and expensive even for an airport.Basically dirty, especially the rest rooms.Maybe a few less slot machines and some more comfortable seating maybe?TSA tends to be quick, the only upside.  As I was waiting, an airport employee sat down next to me to chow on some seafood, fishy-smelling and nasty... From one of the nasty eateries... Dude, I know you live in a sand pile, but trust me, if it smells 'fishy' you don't want to be eating that. Awful place to be stuck when the flight is late.  Meal choices are also terrible.
4	great airport with free wifi !
4	Well it's Vegas and stepping off the plane you already know this airport is different.   Slot machines are available if you get really bored and want to lose money, or if you need to win back some of the money lost. Either way, the airport is huge. I'm surprised it's so clean considering all the traffic it receives.
2	1 step above LAX - blech. Super busy, not enough seating in terminals, and dirty. Pretty appropriate for Vegas ;) Learned a valuable lesson without loosing an arm luckily - the doors on the train WILL CLOSE even if there is a person walking through them.
5	This airport is the absolute best. The layout is grand and spacious; relative to the Strip, it's so convenient and to the surrounding residential parts of town as well; there are always enough TSA agents so the lines move quickly. And, if you didn't get your gambling fix while you were there, there are slot machines in the terminals. Another great thing about Vegas.
4	Chocolates are delicious! Better than sees candy. But the service was terrible. Very rude. Sorry there is no picture; I ate it too fast. :)
3	Easy airport to get in and out of. Baggage Claim takes a long time off of any flight. One time saw a baggage handler, on the Tarmac, throwing - not placing - boxes into a plane - boxes looked like they had something valuable in them. Overall, a good airport to fly in and out of - not difficult to get around in.Down sides: if you are picking someone up they don't have an off-site "cell phone" wait area were you can wait. You have to keep driving around the airport. Also if you need to charge your phone prior to a flight - GOOD LUCK - they are very limited in electrical outlets. Also bad food choices around the gates...
2	Okay soooo the Vegas Airport isn't all that nice. I have to say that the only redeeming quality is that it has slot machines but then again...it's a little unnecessary.-The gates are a little hard to get to. You have to run around in a circle to get to the other side. -The walkways are narrow and cluttered by tons of trashy kiosks and slot machines....TOO MANY SLOT MACHINES-The bathrooms are filthyBut on the upside they have tons of food choices! Until next time LV....
3	Oh Las Vegas McCarran International, how I love and hate you! Gates A, B, C are in an older wing of the airport and badly need upgrading to meet today's modern traveller need. My two top complaints about the older terminals aside from the boring old carpet and strange color scheme is 1. It takes forever to get around this older terminal, there aren't enough people movers (Moving Walk Ways) 2. Where are the power outlets! They seriously need to get that electrician into the waiting areas to bring in more power! Charging ports are at a premium. Maybe partner with advertiser's like all things Vegas? Get someone to pay for it :-)Now the terminal that Delta, and the legacy carrier's are in... That's a beauty, with new modern design, shops, restaurants, and easy to move around. The wide huge open ceilings are a major plus. Still power outlets seem to be scarce. All in all Vegas ain't bad. Will anyone care really about the airport? Probably not. After all this is the city of lost wages, and McCarran is simply shuttling people to all the wonders that reside in this strange sin city.
4	Why does this airport stand out from all other airports? SLOT MACHINES!!!!So if you're flight gets delayed you probably wouldn't care :) There are recharge zones near the restrooms and the carpet makes you feel like you're in a not-so-fancy hotel.
4	This was my first time in Terminal 3 since I was flying Virgin America to LA and I do have to say that it's pretty awesome because it's new, modern, open, and spacious. Checking in is a breeze if you must do so. All the airlines are all lined up with awesome LED screens indicating each airline's specific counter. The security now has two separate lines - one for regular screens and individuals who have TSA Pre-Check. The TSA Pre-Check line moved pretty quickly even if it looks pretty long. Just remember folks, put all your stuff in your bag and don't have any metal like belts, coin change, etc. on your or in your pockets. It'll make the line move much more quickly!After getting through security, there are plenty of screen to inform you of you arriving and departing flights. The terminal is pretty big with huge windows that let in plenty of light. In true Vegas style, there are slot machines around every corner in case you have extra time before your flight.There are plenty of food options such as Pei Wei, Burger King, Carl's Jr., and Coffee Bean. I think there are a couple more options, but I noticed these just from looking for food. They also had your basic stores in case you wanted some snacks, reading material, Las Vegas memorabilia, etc. The bathrooms are also modern and clean, which is always a plus.The terminal is very accommodating to tech savvy folks. There is free wi-fi for your use and there's also a dedicated charging station. It would've been better if there were chargers are each seat, but that's just me being picky.If I have to fly to Las Vegas again, going through Terminal 3 would be awesome. It has everything I need to literally make the time fly! You will not be disappointed!
3	Hey, it's an airport. They did their job. I do wish they had more restaurants on the other side of security. I stopped into one lounge and all they had was 7-11 style sandwiches in a cooler for $8 a pop! But as far as airports go in general, it's decent.
3	Well, "Viva Las Vegas!"This seems to be a hub for Virgin America. Interesting, interesting.That's about it.
2	Can't say I was impressed by this airport, in the least. Electrical outlets were virtually non-existent, and I was on a two-hour layover in dire need of some power for my electronics. So, I stalked one of the seats at the "recharge" station until someone moved. I put quotes around "recharge" because only one outlet out of the three in front of my seat actually functioned properly. I would've loved to grab a drink at a bar/restaurant, but none of those had plugs either. Slot machines are the bane of my existence. I thought the carpet was dingy, there was extremely limited seating, and basically, I'm a spoiled brat.
3	This airport is newer, clean, and has a lot of sizzle, but its poorly laid out.  For only two terminals, you have to take a shuttle.  The security checkpoint is muddled with overlapping lines and unevenly spread TSA booths.  Food options are okay, with various tourist boutiques,
2	Where to begin.. Security lines are the worst here, they're so slow and ALWAYS seem to be long.Terminal 1 is so outdated, its all carpet and there is slot machines everywhere, it's true Vegas. Terminal 3 is a lot more modern with comfortable seats while waiting for your flight. There's a few slots around, not as much as Terminal 1 though. Nothing exciting at this airport. There's almost no electrical plug ins at either Terminal too.If you're a vegan it will be basically impossible to eat here. I had to make a bunch of modifications for my meal at Chophouse Brewery. I suggest eating before coming.I've been to this airport multiple times and its just not that great.. At least there's free WiFi.
4	They have trains! To other platforms! How civilised is this?! I'd totally forgotten about the trains.And the buses you can get directly from the Strip to the Airport. Or you can even get a shuttle to pick you up from your hotel to the Airport.Basically this is one well serviced Airport!! (Sydney International could learn a few things from here)Granted it's a bit weird walking through the airport that has pokies scattered through it, however it's Vegas no? There are pokies everywhere! This being my 2nd visit here, I have to say I totally forgot to gamble. I know I know. I shopped instead. Getting back to the airport however. It's clean, it's tidy, there was a wee bit of confusion trying to find a place to plug in the phone, but after much searching I found that there were plugs on the floor infront of pillars. Yes dearlings, look on the ground!Neat, tidy, shops handy... I do love Vegas Airport.
4	What better way to leave the city of sin than to have a shot on the way to the plane and a last try at the slots :)
5	I like this airport It's big and a lot of places to eat from......
3	I'm not a fan of airports in general (who is?), but McCarran isn't too awful.  It has its good points. - Trams to terminals are fairly fast and run well.  There was never too long of a wait.- The TSA security line videos were actually somewhat amusing.  Obviously catered to the Vegas market in particular.  But they were kind of good for a laugh.- Friendliest TSA/security personnel I've ever run into. I got an apology for a pat-down, go figure.- On the ball with gate changes and announced them EARLY enough for people to get there.  Thank you for that!- Must say I've never seen an airport with slot machines before..- FREE WIFI!!!! Something the Miami airport could take note of, eh-hem .Of course, there's always bad.... - Restaurants/food places close SHOCKINGLY early.  Vegas is a 24 hour town - 9:30pm isn't going to cut it for someone who's hungry.- Terminal 3 security, while friendly, took FOREVER to get through!- Lack of outlets/charging stations for electronics.  I actually saw two people get into a verbal skirmish over a free outlet.  More needed.Other than the above three bad points, McCarran isn't that awful.  Much better than many airports I've been to.  Just make sure your batteries are charged and that you eat before you show up, and you're good to go.3.5.
5	You can absolutely live in this airport! Check-in is easy, TSA is fast, and the food options are amazing near the gates.
4	Little slice of Vegas with slot machines throughout the airport. As a non-smoker, I found the smoking lounges a turn off as smoke poured out when I walked by. Not a bad place for a layover.
5	Great team of people here.  Faster WiFi than LAX.  Fun security videos.  Lots of shops.  Yes, oh yes, they have a Cinnabon in Gate D.My flight did get cancelled going home, but the attendant at American was extremely helpful and spent a good amount of time trying to get me a decent flight home.  I lost faith in a lot of our US airlines due to poor customer service, but she renewed a bit of my faith.  I wish more of our US flight teams were like her.  I'm getting home about 4 hours later than expected, but I'm pretty sure it could've been worse.  She did a lot of digging before we finalized a new flight (most getting me in hours later).  She was extremely helpful.Tammy at American, you rock!
3	It's a good way to get into Las Vegas - here's why:1 - there are salons in the airport, what more can you ask for?2 - the airport is less than 15min from the strip, what more can you ask for?
3	Going to an airport is never really fun. The line for checking in was super long and there was only 3 people working. My fault for not printing the boarding pass out before we got there.When we went through security I had to put my hands out so they could do some kind of scanning. When I asked what it was for they said it was for "chemicals". Um ok. We were prepared to take our shoes off and our sweatshirts like we had to do on our first flight but this time I got yelled at for taking my sweatshirt off and it was all so confusing. SIGNS PEOPLE. Signs would be awesome.  Here is a few examples.1.) Please use BOTH LINES2.) Leave your shoes and sweatshirts on (because that is not the norm now)3.) Walk this way (because it's super confusing and nothing was in a straight line)Once we got through that fun stuff we hit the bathroom where I got a nice breeze while sitting on the toilet from a blower fan that was on the floor.Once we actually got to the waiting area everything was fine but it all felt slightly tramatizing by the time we got there.
3	Not that many outlets for people waiting for their flight. Also, most outlets are on the ground which is inconvenient. It's nice to have slot machines everywhere, so if you're of the gambling variety, you can stay occupied while you wait for your flight. The airport is pretty chaotic, similar to the city, but not hard to navigate.
3	My favorite things about this airport are: 1) it's location - it's basically on the strip.  Flying into it is so cool - landing amongst all the lights at night; 2) in true Vegas fashion, there are slot machines everywhere; 3) it's very clean, bright, and modern feeling.  My least favorite things about this airport: 1) there aren't electric outlets where you can recharge your electronics.  Instead, you have to find a charging station and pay to do so.  Lame. 2) It's hot.  I know it's in a desert and all, but so many people and windows don't help keeping it comfortable either; 3) I didn't interact with a single friendly person the entire time - gate agents, shuttle drivers, security, food employees, no one even smiled.  I guess not everyone is from the south?
4	I've gone to Vegas so many times, I cannot count them.  And I'll go back many more times.  So, without a doubt, I will have to go through McCarran.  The terminals are nice enough with shops, kiosk and eateries spread throughout.  Security, like most airports, can be slow and tedious.  The shuttle rides could be a long wait and ride, unless you time it perfectly.  Then they built the new Terminal 3.  Much nicer with a shorter security check in and shorter shuttle ride.  The biggest issue is trying to figure which terminal you must fly out of.  The rental car center is a million miles from the airport, so you must give yourself ample time to turn in your car.  But what makes it nicer than regular airports are a number of things.  First, it is literally on the strip.  Your taxi ride is a skip and hop away to and from the airport.  Then, with the new Terminal 3, it is really nice and so far has shorten the security lines.  Also, you get free Wi-Fi.  And finally, slots, yup slots in the terminals.  I really don't mind flying in and out of this airport.
5	I love this airport. Fun shops, good bars and free wifi. Also a great place to people watch. If you go to the end of the c gates there's more private bathrooms and a nuce bar kind of tucked away from the crowds.
3	Good airport with good transportation and good restaurants and services. They have a tram system that takes you to gates quickly and clean bathrooms. The best thing about LAS is the rental car purchase and return. The return is lightening fast with shuttles right to the terminal. Add in a TSA pre program and you have everything you could want in an airport. MIA is still way better though. :-)
3	Confusing layout. Annoying that the options for food are so significantly different between concourses, depending on what you're flying you may have access to a lousy selection. Shoot for the D concourse, or hope that you can convince security to escort you from ABC to D.
1	The only reason I give it a star is for terminal 3 and the D gates. Beware if you need to go to the A/B gates!  Security lines are a mile long and the employee/wheelchair line usually has 18,000 wheelchairs trying to get through!  I have seen flight crews have to stand behind  all of the wheelchairs! Absolutely INSANE!!!!!!!! Once you FINALLY get through security, you are welcomed to a very  outdated and old school airport...carpets are dingy, the gate areas smell of stale smoke embedded into the walls and carpets, the moving walkway (when it's working!) is so narrow, people never realize that there is a "WALK" and "STAND" section, passengers do not realize that they are not supposed to have wheelchairs on the moving walkway...I have already witnessed a couple of people in wheelchairs fall flat onto their face when they reach the end of the walkway....this not only creates a hazard to the people in the wheelchairs, but also to those behind them....as a catastrophic domino effect can occur....!!! I hope the county can handle the lawsuits!!!  Also, the restrooms by the A gates are always shut down and dining choices are very limited! Very poorly maintained terminal for a big city like Vegas. Not to mention the zero level area where they pick up and drop off tour groups and limos smells like an elephant/gorilla exhibit in a zoo...apparently, due to the fact all the trash dumpsters are located there!!!! Welcome to Vegas!!!!!! That smell just slaps you in the face!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Excellent service...clean..organized..nkt too many shops..but usually one is done shopping as theythey've vegas
3	Why is this airport great? The view! You literally fly over the strip, getting a great view of the huge hotels & casinos (especially at night). I love coming into this airport, you take a quick tram to the main terminal and are immediately surrounded by great places to eat and drink. Everything is clean and shiny.. the huge welcome to vegas sign is really nice (Check out my photo) The baggage claiming is surprisingly good due to its HUGE size (larger than the one in New York City) and works like a charm.What sucks?- No free recharging! The wall sockets are limited to those that are "pay per charge" and are very expensive.- Very limited selection of shops pre-checkin and NONE that are open at night. - It gets insanely cold at night.. the cold air blows into the building itself and really really chills down the pre-checkin area!- The rental car area is offsite, you need to catch a bus to another building. IMPORTANT: Not all rental companies are open 24/7! The last two rental cars were from Sixt & Fox and both are offsite.. Sixt is only 400m away, but closes at 24:00! I once spent a night on this airport due to a delayed flight and I had to starve and freeze! Seriously, it gets so cold in this place that you start shivering, there are no lounge seats or anything comfortable for that matter. Which leads to everyone sleeping on the floor! Now I'm the last guy that starts moaning about, I've slept in pretty crappy places before.. but this place is seriously the WORST airport when it comes to spending the night... if I ever have the same situation, I'd rent a hotel room (even for a few hours).Why only 3 stars? Minus ONE for the lack of shops pre-checkin. And Minus the second for the crappy rental car area. The airport itself is great.. and I'd give them 5 stars straight away if they changed those things.
1	Pros: It's an airport, people need to use themCons: Everything elseI changed planes in Terminal 3 and was surprised by how dirty the entire area was. There were little pieces of paper and bits of food on every square foot of the carpeting. The restroom looked like it had cooties. There was an attendant  "cleaning", she did not wipe the standing water off the sinks and the floors appeared to never have been mopped.  Three of the six water faucets did not work.Am not sure what the attendant was doing, maybe just pushing the trash can around. Other attendants in the main areas were clustered around talking. Yea, I know it is dirty work, but the alternative is the filthy airport they run there.  An employee told me "it's all about the slot machines". So if you want to play slots on a layover in a dirty environment, go for it. I will be using another aiport for layovers in the future.
3	Ah the Las Vegas airport.  It is where you see people hopeful and full of excitement as they arrive and see people departing, hungover, sad and desperate as they pump their remaining quarters into the airport slot machines.  Aside from the desperation that flows from the airport, Terminal 1 itself feels crowded.  I feel like the areas where people walk are much more narrow than other airports and the food options were less than impressive.  A $10 Burger King Whopper Meal is something I would normally avoid at all costs, but was forced into with little options near my gate.    Terminal 3 however, was a different experience.  There was wide open spaces and there was a decent restaurant where I had a good burger with an IPA as I awaited my flight on Virgin.  It felt much more modern and less on the desperation scale.  If only the entire airport could be like that.
4	Big airport with long taxis into your gate if you're unlucky (which I was).  Surly TSA folks who don't like the human phlegm cavorting through their airport.  That's the bad.  The good?  People watching equals a 10+ for sure!  Warmer than Cincinnati in the winter (that was easy).  Fun to fly in at night as you can see Vegas' lights screaming at you in the middle of all that blackness from at least 100 miles out, and that's a once in a lifetime experience (or is it?)  So very many droopy heads inside this airport though!  Looks like a lot of you flyers have a case of the Mondays!  Extraordinary numbers and degrees of those pesky hangovers are apparent at this airport.  Side note: I've never seen so many women, young and old, go through an airport in velvet pajama bottoms.  Not that there's anything wrong with that, just a Vegas anomaly I suppose....Why in the name of God would I give Las Vegas International McCarron Airport 4 stars? Slot machines everywhere, at every terminal food court and even randomly placed in otherwise nondescript terminal walkways!  Screw USA Today and a Starbucks latte at 515 AM, let's hit some more slots, people!
3	This airport, unlike any other, is all about getting zero sleep before you zombie walk in to the place, to your gate, and on to your plane. Being fully rested makes the security buzzer go off and is highly not recommended.
5	Is it weird to use the words "sexy" and "beautiful" to describe an airport terminal??The newly constructed/renovated terminal #3 at McCarran is modern, well laid out, has plenty of seating, clean bathrooms, charging stations, wifi, new restaurants and stores, huge windows, tons of natural light, a spacious layout, and a quick TSA check point!Believe it or not, everything I've just told you is true.One of the best airports I've passed through in the entire world. And no, all you first timers to Vegas/McCarran, there are NO slot machines in the bathrooms. Not sure who started that rumor hahaha!(There are slot machines just about everywhere else you look though)
4	Busy airport. Nothing special. Same check in procedure. Slot machines are present. Peaceful.
4	This is the best airport ever. So convenient and easy to access everything. I love how when you walk off the plane, the first thing you see are slot machines.  Makes you remember that you are really in Vegas and not some knock off place.
3	"Remember what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. Except for herpes. That s**t'll come back with you." -- The Hangover (2009)Well, what can you say about an airport really? This one is relatively easy to get around in - signage is easy to follow, baggage carousels are laid out well and spread out so there is not an issue getting your things and getting to a taxi, shuttle, limo, whatnot.  And obviously, slot machines galore!So here is the issue - the taxi stand line is INSANE.  Now, it moves relatively well - well managed, lots of slots for people to get cabs - but the snaking line it 6 rows deep! It was filled to the max when I visited recently since it was NASCAR weekend. It only ended up taking 15 minutes or so for it to be my turn.  Not too bad.Leaving the airport was super simple - the cab dropped us off and the Delta counter was easy to find and check in. Their directions to security (and a post office/mail box) were spot on.  Security went very fast and walking to the terminal and to the gate was probably the most painless of most airports (especially not being my home airport) ever.  Again, more slot machines.Plenty of places to buy water and snacks for the ride home as well as a Starbucks.  Easy pisy.
3	This airport needs a makeover. Chairs are uncomfortable, it's hot, and outlets are far too few and far between. One nice thing, though, is the TSA Pre Check lanes. At least I can breeze through security here!
4	Nice amenities, always quick through security just arrive a little early. Plenty of places to eat and drink while you wait, the shuttle system for rent cars is excellent.
4	Vegas baby!!  Terminal 3 is nice, modern, lots of shops and restaurants and best of all, there are lots of exits where you can quickly dash out of and catch a cab to your hotel on the Strip!  Quick in and out.  I also like the standing charging stations.  Just ignore any rude security people, they are all annoying anyway.
3	I fly Jet Blue usually and it's always effortless. Nice food choices in Jet Blue terminal compared to other parts of this airport. Southwest terminal has the same horrible choices you see everywhere else: non-food like Burger King and McD's. Nothing for vegetarians or people who would like to live to be 70.Bathrooms were clean and it looked like they're serviced often. Soap in the ladies room was not as abrasive as other airports.Lots of slots if that's your jam. All in all, meh. Fly JetBlue to get the nice terminal.
3	The main airport in Las Vegas. This airport isn't really hard to find as it is just off the strip and daily close by. We made it there in less than 15 minutes from Paris.The one problem with this airport is, unlike JFK or LAX, you have no idea where you're going. When you pull in, ur directed into either terminal 1 or terminal 3. Most of the main flight usually arrive to terminal 1 but I would check because quite a few do arrive to the 3. Once you get to the proper terminal, it gets divided into short term, long term, and pick up. Pick up is manned so no way you'll get to hang out until whoever you're picking up comes out. They'll brush u off in a second. Easiest way to pick up someone is to go to the short term parking. Rates are not too bad. $2 per hour. Take your ticket with u to pay when you leave. Once inside, it's also confusing as you have to find the flight arriving by destination it left from, then find the proper terminal for the company. Which again isn't lined up by name or anything but by a letter and a number that you have to go find. We got to the terminal and the furthest u can go is TSA and their metal detector.Overall, this place just deserves a 3 stars in my opinion. Would be better organized and easier for people to find where they are going if it was indicated where each airplane company arrives to and where we should park for it. Anyway, I got someone to go pick up. Happy flying!
3	Wanna see something really ugly?  Imagine hundreds and hundreds of people playing slots.  Most of them are in some stage of alcohol poisoning.  They're waiting for a flight and desperate to spend every last dime they have before they leave.  AND NOW THE POWER FAILS!  Trust me, it's really ugly.If you removed all the slot machines, it's just another A-OK airport. The signage is fine.  WiFi is decent. The power outlets are plentiful. The food, shops, etc. are typical. It gets the job done.  Fly in, fly out, and move on.
1	I gave the airport one star not because it's ugly or that it's difficult to catch a cab or get your luggage.  I gave it one star because the TSA agent was SO incredibly arrogant and nasty to all the passengers trying to get through the security checkpoint.  While I understand it must be difficult maintaining order while thousands of people get through security everyday, I do NOT think it's necessary to be an A$$HOLE to everyone and go on with your diatribe (repeated every time he's done) VERY loudly and very demeaning (I'm sure this isn't in the employee handbook because I've been through MANY airports and I've never encountered this before...EVER).  Publicly shaming passengers for missteps (again...VERY loud and trying to embarrass passengers).  One person (not me) left their shoes on the belt and didn't push them in and he CALLED THEM OUT on it and then harrassed them in front of several hundred people.  Seriously?  No one should be allowed to behave that way.  I WANTED to say something to the guy but you know that they would have pulled me out of line and made me miss my flight.  I really hope that someone reads this and notifies his supervisor and he gets FIRED.  This is one of those situations that someone gets a bit of authority over others and takes it to the extreme.  I'm pretty disgusted with the morning and I really hope that Karma bites this guy in the rear because after what I witnessed this morning around 830 am, he has it coming to him.
4	We got our bags WAY fast when we landed initially and the people seemed much nicer here than in any other airport I've been in.... When we were leaving, it was quick to check-in, security was fast and efficient and there were a few places to grab a bite to eat.  I couldn't charge my poor 7% battery phone because the iPhone charger does not fit in the outlet... *it's too small and wiggles out*Besides that, the airport is fine.  The only larger chains for food are Moe's and Burger King.  We settled for the philly cheesesteak place in the B terminal.... wasn't too bad.
4	Spring Break coming to an end. Nice airport. You don't have to take off your freakin shoes or your laptop going thru TSA and they are so efficient too.
4	Try the mr. Lucky's slot machine in the D terminal. It's my favorite slot machine. Its also my favorite airport because its in my favorite city.. LAS VEGAS! Plenty of eating choices to choose from, lots of good people watching and plenty of places to rest your head if you are catching a flight on zero sleep (Been there, done that!)
3	It's an airport. Definitely not one of the best I've been to. Kind of dated, has the usual overpriced shops, long security lines, etc. There are slot machines everywhere you go. They do have free wifi, a good redeeming factor. I'm allergic to this airport, though. No, seriously; something in this airport makes my eyes run. Happened when I arrived here and as soon as I returned for my departure.
5	Love this little airport very easy to fly in and out. Even the TSA is super friendly here. We have never encountered a checkin time of more than 30 mins from getting in and clearing security check. Facilities are clean and ample of space to chill out before the flight. The pros: short checkin times at airline and security checkTons of place to be comfortable before boarding. Clean facilities Quick access to baggage claimsFriendly TSA agents Only 2 terminals so much easier to get around The cons: not much selection in terms of food so plan on brining something alongNot a hub so if you miss a flight you will have tough time getting another one. Cool city cool airport!!
3	Hey, they built a new terminal!  And it's missing outlets for charging like the others.Had a long layover in Vegas.  After a long walk, I sat myself in their new terminal, which is nice.  There are some good eating options and sales kiosks.  And the people watching is a slot above in Vegas-- so many tattoos, piercings, people on all ends of the emotional spectrum, and passengers running around to watch.Knocks are all the gambling machines, a design flaw in too few outlets to charge your devices, and a sprawling layout.Okay overall and improving over time...
4	This is a perfectly acceptable small airport. Sure, the slot machines are annoying, but hey, you're in Vegas. I had no issues getting in or out of here, and the line for security was very well-organized and fast. I found it navigable both in terms of arriving and departing. But, I took a cab both ways, so maybe it's different when you're driving.The food in the Jet Blue terminal was typical airport fare. Overpriced, mall food court quality food. I did get a nice cup of tea at the cafe, and the folks working there were super nice. The line was slow as hell though. If you want anything better than a fast food burger and fries, you're gonna have to lower your expectations or eat before you leave for the airport. What I really liked was that there were plenty of outlets to charge your electronics, and ample seating. Some airports are so stingy with the electricity, or place them in the middle of nowhere so you have to sit on the floor with your device while it charges, like a desperate animal. Not so at McCarran. Charge 'em up while you sit in a chair with dignity!
2	The majority of my travel is for work so when I'm at an airport I look for certain things:Quiet spaces to work - this more or less does not exist at LAS thanks to the loud slot machines all over every terminal. Areas to charge my laptop/phone - if you want to stand in a cramped hallway right outside the bathrooms I suppose this can happen. Plenty of seating space for passengers - LAS has packed terminals flooded with passengers in various stages of drunkenness. Good people watching (shout out to the lady flying in her bikini) but also annoying (shout out to all the drunken bachelorette parties). Great restaurants for long layovers - I guess if a martini counts as dinner this is OK. LAS more or less fails for my needs, but it's not the worst airport I've ever been in. #BeAwesome ~ chase
1	Flying in and out of Las Vegas' airport isn't super fun anyway as most travelers are most likely to be hungover and/or sleep deprived and therefore not in the best of moods.Though pretty easy to navigate with their signage showing where to find the cabs and which terminal is where, their security checkpoint is horrible. There was one long, slow moving line to get through security with one x ray machine open for carry ons and passengers for Gates A through C. It was fairly busy, as I'd assume Las Vegas is pretty much all the time but this airport did not have the people to accommodate that. Numerous people in front of me were late and/or running to their airplane. I was a runner and made it just in time.My advice, you plan on flying out of this airport, come earlier than you normally would.
3	During a recent Vegas trip I flew into and then out of McCarran Airport.McCarran was a little less friendly than San Jose. Less places to eat, more slots, more gift shops, more people looking exhausted instead of perky and tech-conscious.The TSA was a little more involved as well and I'm fairly sure I qualified for pre-screen and they simply didn't let me know which line to go into. The TSA was friendly, but it's still a little bit of a downer to be body searched and step into a large machine.Parking was easy and though their elevator is quite difficult to figure out I had no baggage so for me the process was, while not as quick as San Jose, still fairly speedy.I wouldn't mind flying back to and from McCarran, but it's definitely not as cush as SJ.
3	Depending on your point of view, there is nothing more (1) entertaining or (2) miserable than McCarran on an early Sunday morning. Whether you choose 1 or 2 depends on how much you've had to drink the night before.The obligatory slot machines remind you that you are in Vegas. Wi-fi is free and the signal is decent, they sell a LOT of Gatorade, coffee and coconut water, and the power outlet situation is hit or miss. There tend to be more people crawled up in little balls on the ground, though. And lots more people wear sunglasses indoors. Oh, Vegas.
3	Small, decent airport. They have a fast shuttle service to take you to the rental car pick up area. Fast and efficient baggage claim. No issues here.The terminals are filthy. This isn't their fault though, nasty dirty passengers who leave their trash under the seats are the ones to blame. However the airport staff isn't too quick to clean up after them. Pretty close in proximity to everything. Not a long ride from the strip or surrounding areas.
4	This airport now looks pretty neat.I like the simple interiors.The slot machines on your way out seem kinda tacky but hey, this is Vegas.
2	I cannot understand why every restaurant was closed at 7:30pm ? I landed 15 minutes later than expected, dying for a drink somewhere and something to munch on while I waited for a colleague of mine to land 45 minutes later. I walked all over the terminal. Both floors. EVERYTHING except a little news stand was closed. At 7:30? that is unheard of. Nothing to see, nothing to do. Some of the worst airport food I've seen. Even the Starbucks didn't have fruit. Meh.
4	Considering the amount of traffic going through this airport, I think for the most part its pretty clean and up to date.  It's small but its filled with a bunch of cool amenities (nice restaurants, slot machines, etc).  Biggest negative about this airport is if you arent renting a vehicle, you almost are FORCED to take a cab out the airport.  But that's pretty much goes along with just Vegas itself.  But otherwise, it's pretty quick to get in and get past security.  Its just filled with a lot of people.
3	I've been through this airport about 9-ish times...they have slot machines so that makes for a great way to pass time, although I've been advised to stay away from the airport slot machines.The last time I went through this place was yesterday...and by far the best experience in all my times traveling through this place.  In the past the security lines have been far too long and the hold up due to a 90 year old tsa checking IDs.If you forgot a souvenir or two, there are plenty of stores to pick something up and you won't be paying double.  I picked up a shirt at a store for myself during one of my trips because I couldn't find anything I liked on the strip.  They also have an Ethel M chocolate store so be sure to pick up some of Nevada's finest chocolate on your way home.  It truly is the best!
4	Small and every terminal is easy to get to. I have never had a problem here getting in and on a plane quickly.
1	This airport sucks. It is outdated and not well managed. Lines are inefficient and take forever. People are rude and no one could be bothered. The restaurants are overcrowded and not a lot to choose from. There are no outlets and no room to sit or walk. If you live in the west, you are better off driving. This place sucks!!!
4	Terminal 3 is awesome!  It is new, amazingly clean and has free wi-fi that doesn't kick you off like in the main terminal. Security was surprisingly unoffensive and cool!  They were like, "leave your shoes on, leave your belt on, leave your ziplocks in your bag."  I was seriously throwing my sandals in the bin and unzipping for my clear bag of toiletries when the security guy repeated the instructions again!  I told him he was confusing all the LA people and he just laughed like he knew. There is a Coffee Bean and a pub in the terminal as well.Hint - you can take a free shuttle to terminal 1 outside door #55 if you need to meet someone in the main terminal.
1	This is a pretty crappy airport with directions when you're trying to drive to your designated terminal.  The signs totally sucked!  My friends and I looked for sign.  We saw some, but we missed it because after seeing one sign that was it!  And it took forever circling around.  I guess this airport is only meant for taxis since they should know the terminals like the back of their hand!  If you're new to this airport and you're not taking a taxi, my suggestion is to leave maybe 30-45 minutes earlier because that's how long it took to circle around once!  I guess the only good thing about this airport is you can gamble at the slots.
3	There some basic criteria I use when rating an airport: 1. Is it worse than Laguardia? 2. Is it clean? 3. Is it easy to navigate? 4. How are the food/retail options? 5. Do the employees make things pleasant or stressful? Vegas airport passes all these test except for one, being easy to navigate.I wandered around like a tourist in time square while trying to find baggage claim. It was horrible... I eventually found out that you have to take an airtran to baggage claim, which makes no sense in my opinion. Upon arriving at baggage claim, it was another 10 minutes to find out which of the many carousels was for my flight. Not fun. I should preface this by saying that I NEVER usually check my bag, but was forced to because I was one of the last people on a full flight...Other than that debacle, the airport is pretty awesome. Lots of great shops, good restaurants, efficient security line and a brand new look and feel. If it weren't a maze, it would be very close to perfect.
3	Had a few hour layover at McCarran International Airport, plane landed around 8:50pm and wasn't scheduled to leave until 11:30pm so I had some time to waste.  After figuring out what gate to catch my connecting flight at, I figured it was time to look for dinner, maybe find some place to grab a bite to eat and people watch, well its now 10 after 9 and everything is closed up , only thing that was opened was a small kiosk offering sandwiches, sodas, candy for sale. You would think in a city that never sleeps and in airport that has slot machines everywhere you look that they would have places opened to eat past 9pm, I could have even settled with Burger King, but nope it didn't happened. There are a few charging stations, but most of them are full, and you can find random plugs here and there to use to charge too.  The restrooms were just gross.I don't remember it being this way last time I was here.  Oh well. Needless to say I couldn't wait to get out of this airport, was happy to learn my flight was 20 minutes early.
5	I love this airport!  When here, I am either going somewhere great or returning to the greatest city in America ~  Fabulous Las Vegas!
3	Not nearly enough outlets to charge devices. Most airports have oversized chairs with USB ports and some tall tables  with USB ports and electrical outlets.  Not McCarran.  They have two hallways that have about 12 outlets/usb ports. Not only are hundreds of passengers trying to use those, airline personnel were also trying to charge their devices before their flights.  Get with it McCarran.
3	Terminal 3 IS the way to Go. Traffic flow is perfect. Drop zone departing other terminals is a zoo. People just stop and unload wherever. Cabs- overly aggressive. Fly out on Sunday afternoon, Tuesday or late Monday afternoon if you can. No one at airport is overwhelmingly helpful, not a lot of collective knowledge.
4	McCarran is as much of a landmark to me as is O'hare! The slot machines throughout the airport are awesome. I remember the first time I came to Las Vegas, I got off the plane and saw slot machines within about 20 feet from the gate. I was so surprised to see that sort of thing but hey, it's Vegas, baby! Hell, there are slot machines in the grocery stores in Nevada, did you know that? Yeah, me neither. I love that movies have been filmed here. I love that I have walked through the same terminal as Morgan Freeman did in Last Vegas. I just love the history of this place.On my most recent trip, we got our luggage in the new extension. It was quite a walk, and that's putting it mildly. I think our bags were on belt #21 which is about a mile from the plane (I'm guessing). Good thing, I wore my sneakers to travel! Unfortunately, I was injured while working at the convention center so I left town on crutches but I gotta tell you, the staff that took care of wheeling me to the gate and onto the plane were some great guys! They took me to the bathroom, helped me grab a sandwich and something to drink, they even helped me with my purse. I feel very lucky to have had such a great experience with their employees. That's worth a lot more than the money I lost at the roulette table.
4	I find this Airport a lot easier to get to then LAX.  I just don't like the fact that we can't go see the people that are flying out off to say bye or chat with them while they wait... that really sucks.
5	Have a starbucks while you wait, iced matcha green tea latte, 1 pump chai, with organic soymilk. Always a smooth entry, lines move fast, view is great.
4	This is a very fun airport. There are plenty of ways to kill time and money with all the shops and the slot machines everywhere. Also has plenty of spots to eat and drink at every terminal and close to almost all gates.
4	McCarren is my way in and out of Vegas.I don't like the 4 hr drive from my city of angels so I try to book an affordable flight here and there once and again.McCarren is easy to get in and out post 9/11, so I have no major complaints.  I been in other airports that I like better so I cant give it a 5 but its cool enough.  They even let me store my bags there once.
3	Took almost an hour to get my luggage! :( This was flying Delta. Very uncool! And the line for the taxi was super long, but at least it was efficient. Checking in was quick. You can do self-check-in too if you want. Going through the security was ok. They didn't yell out the instructions before, so I had to get my stuff re-scanned because I didn't take the laptop out of the bag. You guys were supposed to tell me before if that was required. At LAX it wasn't!
3	I lost $5 to a slot machine. It was also very disappointing to be so close to the Vegas strip and not be able to go find some delicious food. Short layover (or at least, was supposed to be short, but my Southwest flight was delayed) meant not much time to explore. I ate a Nathan's hot dog, lost some money gambling, and that's about it.It's a little out-dated, but still, having the slot machines in the terminal is fun, even if I don't win anything on them.
3	It's cool, I guessHow does one review an airport?
2	Las Vegas is a city of opulence and luxurious excess - but none of that exists at McCarran. For as much revenue as the casinos must generate, the airport sees little investment. The terminals are sprawling, so if you have connecting flights here, expect to walk a good distance between them. Dining options are pretty mediocre - with a bunch of knock-off cafeteria type options. Power outlets are next to impossible to find, and when you do find one, there's a 50-50 shot it will work. Enjoy.
3	First thing, you see is the gambling machines! Perfect for me..!! I love VEGAS!The airport can be very loud due to drunk people, gambling people, and of course flights Arriving. This place is very fast and accessible. It did take a while to get my luggage. There was a lot of stairs, and the taxi lines were very long.. In the summer it gets really HOT and musty outside. It's an international airport, you better be prepare for the craziness! :) Safe travels!
4	For how busy it is, McCarren is one of the easiest in and out airports I have been to.  I have to say off-site car rentals is a hassle and in particular Fox was bad in location, service, etc.   The new terminal is fantastic since it's hardly crowded and since I'm a fan of Virgin American and fly most frequently to SFO it works for me!
4	Coming  from the chaos that is JFK international in NY I guess every airport seems exceptionally civilized and clean. There is definitely NO question as to where you are because the second you step off the plane the slot machines are waiting for you
4	You know that you are in the Vegas airport because there are slot machines right at the gates! The ease of everything  at this airport is just like those slot machines; right there and highly convenient. It is really easy to navigate this airport for the size of it. It is easy to find your driver near the luggage with their digital signs. It is also easy to pick up and return rental cars. The shuttle is close and runs by the terminals often. I like this airport.
1	While this is now a finished product - what an abortion if your party come in on different airlines.Poor directions and even worse common meeting areas.Rental car is 10+ minutes from the airport ( yes, the strip is closer )I travel frequently . . . Miami is the only one I hate to visit more for similar reason : functional . . . It is one thing to be drunk tourist ( minus the multiple arrivals at same time ) . . . But add a car . . . Functional ( only one ) that does not imply good nor useful
4	They're continuously improving all parts of this airport. I wish they had better dining options at all terminals and gates. Easy to get to, efficient cab line (no matter how long it is) and Starbucks everywhere.
4	MaCarran Airport is truly made with the traveler in mind. It sits right next to the strip so you can quickly hit the casinos and everything they have to offer. If your flight is delayed there is entertainment in the form of slot machines...am I sensing a pattern??If you are picking someone up at the baggage area you will find that there are three escalators bringing people from the gates to baggage. There is no way to tell which escalator they will be coming down so you will just have to watch the flow of people.As a backup plan we always tell incoming visitors to meet us at the Starbucks in baggage claim. It is about half way down on the left when coming off the escalators.
3	The best rhing about this airport is the wheel of fortune slot machines!  Just won a quick hundy but this place has gotten really eun dkwn and nasty. How about fixing the place up?  Security, TSA sucks and they are soooooo slow!  C gate is off the normal path and i recall the other side and gates a lot nicer. Glad to be going home!
2	I only give the airport 2 stars because, true to Vegas' reputation, gambling machines everywhere, including right in front of the baggage claim in case your airline takes too long to deliver, and for having a proper liquor store inside the baggage claim in terminal 1. Otherwise, this is a pretty inconvenient airport. The only water you can easily find is bottled and thrice the normal price (even more expensive than San Francisco). If you are waiting for someone on another flight, and you go to collect checked luggage, say goodbye to food options.  It is confusing to get around, and once out of the TSA cleared area, it is hard to find employees to answer questions. The people around seem to be pretty nice, but it isn't passenger friendly once you grab your checked luggage.
2	The line to get a cab here is FREAKING RIDICULOUS.It's like a maze of ropes --literally walking from one end of the airport to the other end.. and then doing it again. maybe like 4x???? I stood there; and honestly was able to memorize people's shoes to match with their outfits. Yah. the wait was that long; i had to create a game in my head to keep me entertained.You can't help but see them over and over and OVER again.So if you're going in the summer.. make sure you wear comfortable shoes if you have to take a cab....there's going to be a lot of walking to get a cab if there's a line.wear sunscreen, have some water handy, have a facial spray mist..and learn to breathe.Also if you're going carrying a heavy duffle back?? don't do it.. get those rollies.
2	I have been to a lot of airports but this place is just a madhouse. This airport is way to small and over crowded and they really need to think about expanding this place. The food options are crappy and mostly just fast food, they offer free wifi but its pretty much useable, and there restrooms here are pretty disgusting. The only good thing about this place is the taxi services/ limo services and the baggage arrivals.
2	This airport is so-so.One of the things that bothers me is how early you have to make your way to the airport if you want to be on time. Especially if you have a rental car to return. I find the time needed to get from your hotel/home in Vegas to through security and at your gate, is much more time than at other similar airports in other cities.Gates can be somewhat far from check-in, or take a long time to get to after security. The rental car complex is FAR from the airport and adds at least 30-45 minutes to your trip to the airport. I can only imagine how many hungover tourists have missed their flights due to not factoring in the car rental return time. This is a pretty serious miscalculation on the part of an airport that is so especially focused on the tourist "what happens in Vegas..." crowd.On my last visit, I put $5 in the slot machine at the gate for my departure (I don't usually gamble at all, but I was headed back to Canada and thought it would be as good a chance as any to get rid of my small US dollar bills...and hey luck is luck right?).. Well not exactly.. I put my $5 in, won $10..and.......drum roll.....the machine had a paper jam! The attendant just refused to give me my money back, instead calling a supervisor... whom I didn't see arrive because they were calling my name at the gate at this point and I had to scram or miss my flight (after all that extra planning to get there on time!!!).. No need to reiterate that this kind of stuff is completely unacceptable at an airport like LAS
1	This is specifically for the TSA staff - if you don't like your damn job, then go out and find another one. I felt like I was in a prison the way I treated. It is ridiculous. I went to Vegas to enjoy myself, not be treated like some subservient low life!
5	For the amount of people that come into and out of Lost Wages. McCarran is an amazing airport. Food is blah but the buildings are clean, cool, and well laid out.The city keeps adding to the capacity and that has made a huge difference.I highly recommend Virgin America to McCarran.
1	Why no power for recharging?  You gotta get with the times and add power. Every seat needs a plug. EVERY. People sitting on the floor along walls is super lame. And it's about 82 degrees in here. Have you not heard of AC? Get with it Vegas Airport.
4	Great airport ! Nicely thought out , and even tho I live here , from the moment you step off your plane , you know you are in Vegas , due to all the ads and billboards , telling you how much fun you are going to have here , getting drunk, laid or that you have to see one of the many cirque shows here !! Thank goodness they have toned down some of the  ads , cuz even tho I don't have kids , you might have to have "the talk" with them after passing thru this airport !!
4	For the size of this airport, McCarran does its job very well. Not OMG spectacular awesome, but efficient enough that I was able to make my international flight even though I arrived only an hour before departure.As of today I now have experience with both terminals. Terminal 1, in my opinion, is much older, and I highly prefer flying out of Terminal 3. The international airlines, however, are situated the furthest from the ground transportation area, and therefore is quite a long walk. However, the place was quite quiet for a Tuesday night, and the baggage tag-in process went smoothly (we checked in online the night before; yay Air Canada!).Security was smooth, again probably because we didn't travel during peak periods. If you're in D gates, you will have to ride the tram, which is about a 45 second ride. Also, no duty free in the D gates!I hear several stories of 3-4 hour waits at check-in/security lines on weekend afternoons. I'll reserve that judgment if I ever experience it, but for non-peak times this is probably one of the most efficient airports I've been to for one this size.
4	Awww, McCarran airport. You're big, but I never have issues with you. And people watching here is awesome.If you're a first time Vegas visitor, you will be welcomed with the sound of lots of slots machines. Fair warning: Gaming at the airport is not a wise idea.The passenger pickup area can be crazy at times. Skip it and go for the short term parking instead. You get 15 mins free and don't have to worry about circling or the long line of cars. Very late at night when it's kinda dead, no one cares if you idle for awhile at the passenger pickup curb.If flying out of the C gates, ignore the signs and what you are told. Proceed instead to follow the A, B, and D gates signs. Next to the D gates, there's a little entrance to the C gates. There's never a line and I always breeze through in record time.If you're a smoker, there's a smoking gaming area on concourse D, as well as a smoking bar outside of the D gates.There's plenty of places to eat and drink, albeit none good. If hankering for food, you're better off dining after security than before it.
5	A really nice airport. Clean, easy to figure out, and excellent food and drink options. I appreciate a large international airport that maximizes its space so you're not walking for (what feels like) miles and miles. And it's entertaining to watch the last-minute gamblers trying the slots, and those still hung over from the night before navigating the terminals. Think of it as dinner and a show.
5	Super clean, huge airport. Maybe it seems as if there aren't any people here because the terminals are so spread out. This place is like a super mall and casino all in one.We usually rate the airport by how many Starbucks are inside after security, and that alone gives this airport a 5 star!
5	Nice airport. Easy navigating. I like their set up. Clean and friendly. Slot machines, incase you can't get started soon enough or maybe you didn't get enough, either way they are there. Very large duty free store. Nice selections inside. Restaurant selection is okay. Nothing to rave about.
4	The bar is close to everything.
4	Airport is not too bad. Lines can get long at times. The free wifi by the airport is awesome.
2	Small airportBiggest qualm - lack of actual restaurants to sit down at. TONS of mostly unhealthy fast food options but where are the restaurants once inside the gates!?Security can sometimes be slow and they ALWAYS run out of bins...and do not refill. Get on your A-game McCarran!Wait time for check in doesn't typically take long here but there are definitely long lines and even longer lines if you are trying to take a cab.
4	Not sure which dump of a terminal Spirit Airlines flies into since McCarran sucked the last time I was here, but Terminal D is AWESOME. It's shiny and new and has tons of places to eat/shop/whatever while you wait to leave vegas. Everyone seems much happier than at the terminal I was at for Spirit.Check out the AmEx lounge across from gate D1 if you have an AmEx card! It's pretty awesome!
4	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #158 - #365 McCarran International Airport has gone though a massive renovation to entice travelers to travel and stay in Las Vegas. Advertisements from every show and hotel on the strip will be found here in any of their LED screens. In one part of the airport, you can check into your hotel right away before even stepping into your registered hotel. This airport is unlike no other and is quite unique in my opinion. Slot machines all around this airport with the sound of the slots in the background give it that Vegas vibe. Sometimes you'll see commercials of Carrot Top, Blue Man Group, Jawacobes doing commercials for airport safety. Quite comedic if you ask me. LOL Staff here are always moving just like Las Vegas is on the go. Outside you'll run into more commercials ads from the hotels and casinos to again entice you to stay and gamble. Limos and cabs are endless and you'll never have to wait too long for a ride. Viva Las Vegas!
4	You either love this place or hate it, depending on how your weekend goes. Kudos to letting me gamble (and lose) one last time before I head back home ;)
3	The TSA security check in is hit or miss, this time didn't take long but they were not refilling the tubs fast enough so you have to wait on them. I left Houston yesterday and didn't have to take shoes/coat off, nor pull laptop out of the bag. However, that wasn't the case here in Las Vegas. Flying out of gate d50 and nothing decent to eat or drink unless you want fast food or Starbucks. So if you're looking for something decent and near gate d50...go fish. My one major complaint about this terminal is you have to take the tram, you cannot just walk around. Especially, since the tram ride is maybe 15seconds at best. Just seems silly that you wait longer for the tram then the actual ride. Safe travels to all!
4	For a busy airport, McCarran is very good airport.  If you're flying in and out of the new Terminal 3, it is really fantastic.  It is not as busy, and ticketing/TSA security is normally a breeze.  In Terminal 1, especially on Southwest, it can be a headache, because it's so busy.  It really needs a Dunkin' Donuts or a Tim Hortons though.  The concession choices are terrible for an airport of its magnitude.  The coffee choices are really terrible.  But overall, I never mind flying in and out of this airport.
1	I hate this airport I always get lost. The driver can never find me I just hate it. Literally it took the driver like an hour to find me.
4	I like the new terminal 3. Since I always fly Alaska Air this is where I end up. The new terminal very clean and modern. They have some decent food options from what I can tell but I've only really tried the Burger King. Be warned though as the security line can get pretty long here, but at least it moves very fast.
4	This airport is like any other. Super close to the strip so the taxi is less than 20$ depending on where you stayI noticed that the can ride from the airport to the strip cost more (2$ on top of your can fare) than from the strip to the airport...why? I have no idea.All the food places here are over priced so try and eat before. Starbucks is 5$ for an Americano...but it's Vegas and an airport.
3	It's an airport.  It's ok.  Nothing special.  It's not bad but it gets me to and form where I need to go!
3	i had to edit this review when i remembered how freezing i was. if it's 114 degrees outside, why would we feel comfortable at 70 degrees inside? we wouldn't. remember relative temperature and how hard it is for our bodies to acclimate. just raise the temperature by a few degrees! please! i shouldn't have to bring out my winter wardrobe to fly to vegas in the summer.[resume post]easy peezy. used southwest's online boarding and cruised right through security. everyone was cool and relaxed. hot tip: restaurants cant solicit tips at this airport, but they do appreciate them. i asked, as i at least like to drop my change in the tip jar! my purse was getting heavy and so i learned of the airport rule against leaving tip jars on display. restaurant selection is great. nice assortment of shops. i ate at pei wei diner: delicious. when i was at this aiport on my arrival at 7am lots of the restaurants and shops were closed. that was a bummer, as i had time to browse before catching my ride. ended up at a starbucks. oh--i would love it if the airport turned the volume down by the baggage claim and pick up areas. crazy making if you're on the phone.
5	I like this airport, easy to navigate, the slot machines make me smile.  There seem to be more restaurants here than any other airport.  The food was good in all areas, restrooms were clean and there are pleanty of them.
5	This is the greatest airport, hands down. I have never had to wait more than 10 minutes in line. I've also never interacted with any employee that wasn't quite nice. It's super easy to navigate as well. They have this business down to a science.
2	TSA employees are some of the rudest that I have encountered. It felt like I was checking into a prison. Food and drink choices are lacking, mostly overpriced fast food. Not that one goes to the airport to eat, still, they could try a little harder. Very long walk from security to the gates in Terminal One.
4	Good set up. free wifi comfortable waiting area
3	Where else can you step off the plane and go right to the slot machines? Yup, McCarran is your stop of choice if you're hooked on gambling! Machines EVERYWHERE! I'm not the gambling sort, so there wasn't much appeal there for me.
3	Ok, I don fly much so I might not be that keen on airport stuff. It seemed so spread out. From a shuttle bus perspective it's a nightmare. There's miles of roads and a dozen exists and as many entries. It looked like the cohesiveness was good between all the separate  entities but who knows. Bottom line for me... Got in, got out with all my stuff on time. Sweet.
4	Really convenient to get to via cab, and they have most everything you could want expect perhaps enough places to sit and wait for your flight at the gate (and nap pods, which I still demand should become a thing at all airports).  It's novel and fun to be able to gamble in the airport while you wait.  Lots of shops and amusements for you to waste time at, too.  Could do with a bit more serious dining, but such is life. The free wifi is really nice.
4	Definitely one of the more entertaining airports I have been in (maybe the most entertaining?!). The strip was easy to get to from the airport and there were plenty of cabs and shuttles even on July 4th weekend.  If you have extra cash at the end of your stay (idk how you would, but...) You can always play slots while you wait for your flight :) Minus one for crappy food. Come on why was only one tiny little sub place open at six thirty pm, prime dinner time??
2	There is just something about me that does not like this airport. I'm going to attribute that to fact that i'm normally super happy when i'm arriving into town and just not as happy when i'm leaving town. Food wise, there's a decent selection. There's slot machines and alcohol available, which are all bonuses. But, this place just isn't clean. Honestly it sort of gives me the heebee jeebees thinking about what diseases could be lingering on the nasty carpet. Pair that with some outdated bathrooms and the stench of cigarette smoke and that's about all it takes to make it one of the less-than-desirable places on earth. I'm so sorry if you ever have a long delay or a long layover here.
4	Probably one of the most entertaining airports.  You can eat until you explode, drink it up, play slot machines, try to catch a nap after a long weekend in Vegas, or just simply people watch.  I think the people watching part is the most entertaining because you literally see all kinds of people with so many different agendas.  If you are flying out of this airport, I highly recommend getting there at least two hours early.  The security lines can be insane, especially on a busy weekend.  If you are flying into the airport, I recommend getting one of the shuttles to your hotel as the taxi lines can be like the line to Space Mountain at Disneyland on a weekend in the Summer.  I've stood in line for a taxi for over an hour before.  It's not the lack of taxis as the line is constantly moving, it's just the sheer number of people who need a taxi.  The flights into Vegas are always hilarious because you will likely sit near someone who has never been to Vegas is convinced they are going to have a wild weekend and keep on tossing back cocktails on the plane to pre-party.  To each their own.
3	Do your best to fly in to Terminal 3 (by which I mean fly United, because that's the biggest purveyor at T3).In T3, there's tons of shiny new restaurants, places to sit and clean restrooms. You'll find all sorts of gifts to get for people who you forgot to buy things for while you were gambling until 6am after your third trip to the ATM and you'll be able to buy water to chug to help get rid of the over-oxygenated hangover. What I'm saying is it's a solid terminal.Fly in to terminals 1 or 2? You won't spend much time on arrival, but when you're leaving it will be you and the people who are slowly coming to grips with how much money they've lost, the depraved sexual acts they've committed or the quantity of alcohol they've imbibed. Those people are in Terminal 3, too, but in 1 and 2 the drab carpet, the cramped space and the lack of places to sit/restaurants to hide in paint a depressing Nic Cage kind of portrait for all those leaving Las Vegas.But, I mean, c'mon. When you're booking a trip to Vegas what terminal you fly into is the last of your worries. Just keep it in mind when you're flying home drunk, broke and full of great stories wondering why you can't find anywhere to sit down.
4	Our bags arrived swiftly. This airport is entertaining and wasn't too crowded either. This airport seems easy to navigate.
3	I come through Vegas a few times a year and this airport gets me through efficiently.  While not the cleanest or prettiest, it does what it's supposed to do; namely, get you where you want to go without any hassle.  There's not a Starbuck's at every terminal but there are some decent places to eat.  Hello Jamba Juice!  Make sure you know if there's a big event if you're staying in Vegas.  UFC, boxing, or whatever can make things move slowly.  My main reason for the 3 star rating is the ridiculous taxi line at arrival.  With as much tourist traffic as they receive you would think they would have a better system for grabbing a cab.  Hell, there's enough money running through those casinos to put a train to the strip.  As it is, you get herded like cattle through a VERY long line.  Really, imagine what you to consider a long line and picture that in your head.  Can you see it?  Now multiply that by 5 and you might get close.  Only major fail for the airport but it's a pretty big one and a great way to put visitors in a bad mood.
2	Nowhere can you find outlets to charge phones or tablets!!  What's up with that?  This place is 15 years behind in making improvements that passengers need and want. I found one "charging station" that made it look like they were doing us a favor by providing a dozen outlets in one very small area. It's still fun to come here, but abandon hope ye who are low on battery life.
2	Ok this is the way to get to Vegas, and this is the tourist mecca.  It was glitzy years ago but is now a bit divey and not so easy to get around.  I am not sure how else you would get to Vegas unless you want to brave the drive but the airport will not be the highlight of your trip.
5	I love flying to and from this airport because it is close to the strip, so the taxi fee is under $20 with tip, and it has a fast moving pace.  I fly through JetBlue when I mostly come to Vegas with the ease and convenience of knowing that I am in a no hassle free zone.  I can come at least 15 minutes prior to my boarding time and have the right amount of time to check-in and go through security even on a Sunday.  So if you want to fly to Vegas, feel free and relaxed when you come to this airport. Leave your worries behind because it's Vegas baby!
2	Not a big Vegas fan but Southwest uses this airport for connections so you get no choice if the right flight is passing through here. Food, as anyone who Yelps it here, is abysmally bad, and whomever inspects the health and sanitation  should be fired for letting these culinary charnel houses operate. If you can avoid eating here DO. If you can't then woe unto ye, for all hope is lost. The slot machines are well kept up. Perhaps airport management should get the food providers back on their game.
3	Quick Summary: If you're spending time in the Vegas airport, you're doing it wrong.I've had the joy of coming through McCarran plenty of times, especially since I've decided it is not worth it to drive to Vegas anymore... and for an airport it isn't that bad. When you're departing, I find that security is fairly quick. I've never spent more than 20min in line, without TSA pre-check. The terminal can get pretty long so be prepared to hustle if you've got a gate at the end and running a bit short on time. They've got free wifi, without downloading an app or watching a video, which is really nice. They've got a good variety of shops that seem to be open at all odds of hours and they've upped the number of charging stations available.And if you didn't have enough of throwing your money away, they have slots available throughout... I'm more a table game sort of guy myself, but I think it's more for the novelty of being in Vegas than anything else. If you've got time to play slots in the airport... refer to my quick summary.When you're arriving, things seem to flow pretty quickly, though to be honest, I don't ever check a bag going to Vegas so I can't speak to that aspect.  One BIG NOTE: if you're taking a taxi onto the strip. Anywhere on the strip from the Mandalay Bay to the Wynn, DO NOT agree to take the freeway/highway.  They're gouging you. The airport authorities have taken notice of this gouging and have started to post signs and what not... but they still try. Take Paradise / surface streets. It's much faster and cheaper. You shouldn't have to pay more than $20 for anywhere on the strip.All in all, it's a decent airport... no real thrills or frills... aside from the slots... I would have expected some more lights... some glitz... maybe a little glamour to welcome you to Sin City... but then again... why are you hanging out in the airport in VEGAS?!
5	I love this airport. I only fly using jet blue so it is very easy to get in and out of. There is always taxis and car service ready to pick you up if you havent made prior arrangements.
4	Clean and well laid-out. Good options for food and shopping.Just what you want from an airport!
4	I fly here regularly and the only complaint I have is the fact that the A/C doesn't seem to be on. It's 110 outside, it should be full blast! Think of us Canadians who aren't used to the heat
4	I hadn't realized how close The Strip is the McCarran airport...until I was in Vegas in May. When I landed my shuttle came quickly and I was at my hotel in about 10 minutes. On arrival I was at the airport pretty late, so I didn't get to see much of it then. Departing I got to see a bit more of the terminal (the international one since I was flying back to Canada). I loved the look of the terminal, it was bright and airy, and the departure screens by the gate were pretty cool. Being Vegas there were slot machines, but only about half were working (the others looked new like they hadn't been set up yet). I lost my last $6 on the slots at the airport, but I won't hold that against the airport. There is free wifi, which was nice, but not a lot of plugins. The airport, or the terminal I was in, didn't have much for restaurants - there might have been two or three...it would have been nice to get a bit more choice, but for an hour or two to wait before a flight there certainly are worst airports out there.
4	This was my home for about two years. I worked here as a member of the tsa so I know some of the ins and outs of this place. The staff here aside from the tsa are, for the most part are friendly and are willing to help out with whatever questions you may have about anything you may have such as where the taxis and busses are. There are also many signs that can point you in the right direction. Many people come here from different countries as well. There is a stand for currency exchange. Another neat feature that this airport has and that is a gym. If you need to work out they have a gym that allows you get your swoll on. There are many forms of entertainment as well. I have been stuck waiting for my friends and family and have not been bored. There are many ads shown on many super big screen tvs which is great to watch. Also if you are older than 21 then there are rows of slot machines as well that you can play. There are plenty of food courts as well that have a bunch of your more common fast food joints such as Wendy's and popeye's. This review gets half a star off because of the price of the food is stupidly excessive but what can you do when that's the only food you can reach. There are also convenience kiosks that can help you which are not as expensive. Now the other reason for the next half star is due to getting to the airport. The roadways to get to the airport are so very confusing. If I did not work there I would have gotten lost. The roads all twist and turn on each other. I have gotten lost a couple of times before I started working there and have learned from my mistakes and yet they keep adding more and more roads leading to this wondrous airport. They have also finished building t3 which is a new addition to this airport for certain Airlines. I have had the privilege of working there for a while before leaving their employ. T3 is very clean and the decorations are very modern. If you can try to leave out of this terminal. Now for the tsa. People always bash on them and I understand why. Passengers tend to group all of them together and I must say that not all of us are mean and messed up. Also you should not believe all that you see in the media. To make your passage through the tsa as Smooth as possible please listen to what they say. There should be an officer that tells people what to do before entering the check point. Listen to that person they are telling you how to get through with no problems such as removing everything from your pockets. Do that and all should be good. Also there are tvs with directions as well.  Remember there are no bottles of water so drink them outside the check point. If you have any questions you can go ahead and just message me if you need any me questions answered and I will help out with what I can. There is also a lost and found if you happen to have lost something.
2	May sound a bit harsh, but even if i'm not comparing to other airports, it can't stand alone to be a 3-star.  Not many food options; no McDonald's for heaven's sake.Not many shopping, different boutiques---unless you count three Hudson's!  Thank goodness there's wifi and a few more charging stations, that's the 2nd star lol.
4	"Never Had A Problem!"This airport is very well ran! The baggage claim is very fast here! Everytime I have flown into this place I have never had any issues! I will say though that it's huge! So getting lost can be easy! Just follow the signs and you will be fine!
3	Not all the electrical outlets at the Recharge Zone work (located in between gates C7 and C14).
4	I'll start with the good. Baggage check-in and security were both smooth and easy. There is free WiFi, which made waiting four hours for my flight infinitely more bearable. This is the most aesthetically pleasing airport I have been to, as would be expected of an airport in a touristy city like Vegas. Some parts are quite detailed, and it is well decorated overall; the slot machines scattered across the airport give it a nice, "Vegas-ish" feel. Here's the bad. The line at security can be long at times, and considering how heavily trafficked Vegas is, they could use more security staff. Also, there isn't a whole lot to eat, and the limited variety of food that is there is considerably more expensive than any airport I have visited. These few negative aspects only took away from my overall experience slightly, though; it is still the nicest experience I have had at any airport.
4	Had a positive experience on a Sunday. Road the Showtime shuttle from the Luxor which got us here in plenty of time to game and pick up snacks for the flight.   I didn't have any issues with the wi-if.
3	This airport can be extremely crowded. Get here at least two hours early or risk missing your flight. That being said, they have lots of great places to eat and shop.
4	Airports are airports. This one is very clean and it seems to have food and gift shops at roughly each gate section area; Starbucks and other fast food joints. The one thing I do not like about this airport is the USO is located outside of security and being military this is a bit of a drawl back because it is nice to be able to go through security and then crash at the USO until my flight because then I have no worries of getting held up. With it being outside of security that is not the case.
4	This place is amazeballs. If you are stuck here late at night there is a Ruby's that stays open until 12 PM. Plenty of places to plug in your phone or laptop and friendly staff makes this one of my favorite airports, even if I lost the bank in vegas!
4	The airport is easy to navigate and is a tad dated...ok, a lot dated.  That being said, there is nothing better than getting off the plane with a bunch of other people that are all about to make as many questionable decisions as you are!  That is the #1 reason that this Airport is the best!  You are looking across the baggage carousel at other guys and girls that you may or may not see at the club getting absolutely WHITE GIRL WASTED!!!  I Love Vegas!  It is by far, my favorite place to be when on vacation with friends!  This airport is when you start the journey of EPICNESS!!!!!!!!!!
3	Also known as "The airport with the slot machines!"  It's a good airport on the whole.  Better than LAX.  Last time I was there, they had me go thru the minimum security checkpoint.  Not sure why, maybe I just have an honest face.  But, smoking is allowed in there and it makes the whole place stink.  I'm one of those guys who just wants to run screaming in the opposite direction whenever I smell cigs or am standing near a smoker.
4	McCarran International Airport may not be the only airport in Las Vegas but it is definitely the closest to the strip.  It is less than a mile away and depending where you're staying it can be a $20 or so cab ride to your hotel.  When flying in you can have a great view of the strip as long as you sit on the right side of the plane.  Departures are not as impressive in terms of view of the strip but again the right side of the plane provides the best opportunity for photos.  McCarran International Airport is probably the only airport that has slot machines.  That was the first thing I noticed when I stepped off the plane and into the terminal.  Nothing like getting a taste of Vegas before you even leave the airport.  This is also inviting for those who want to test their luck at the end of a exciting weekend in Vegas.  The airport is clean and well managed.  It is not too confusing.  I believe there is a monorail system that will take you to the baggage claim but I did not use it.  It was bit of a walk but nothing too crazy.  The baggage claim area is quite lively with more slot machines, large billboard like advertisements, video boards with ads and audio to go with them.  It definitely gets you into the mood well before you've even step foot on the strip.  McCarran International Airport is fitting for Vegas and extremely conveniently located.
1	Really not a good airport.  Las Vegas is built around you, the customer, and a good experience should be had at the place most likely to be your first and last impression of the city.Just walk up and down the airside for Southwest and you'll see 20+ people sitting on the floor at nearly every gate.  My wife had to sit on the floor when she was pregnant because none of the hung over people also waiting for the flight would give up their seat.  Would it really be that difficult for the airport to install additional seating?The security lines are horrible on a regular basis.  Fortunately TSA Pre Check has helped with that a lot, but most people don't have that yet and will still get stuck in the long line.The McCarran baggage claim is ripe with criminals stealing luggage.  The airport also has woefully inadequate security camera coverage of the baggage claim area.  My wife and I had our bags stolen in 2012; the criminals just took the first few bags to come off the belt, and with the very long walk from plane to claim, they were long gone before we had even gotten there to watch our own bags.  The police told us that the airport used to enforce a ticketed passenger only policy, but got rid of that for budgetary reasons in 2007/2008 time frame, so now anyone can come into the claim area.  They do have plain clothes police patrolling the area, but unless the same person comes to steal bags often enough, or is dumb enough to come in from outside and immediately take a bag versus coming in from the ticketing area so they appear to come from the airport side, they're not going to catch many thieves.  The cameras the airport had also had no record of the people taking our bags; no view of the belt in question, no view of the exits they apparently used.  How do I know the bags were stolen and the airline didn't just lose them?  Because we found the criminals by way of them trying to sell our belongings at a used clothing store; they confessed to stealing them off the belt.Food-wise, the slightly better than fast food eating options in the airport have all proven to be poor to below average.  The food is typically not good, and the drinks are very expensive and not very strong.  I'd recommend eating before arriving and just buy a $4.50 bottle of water once you're through security.  Oh yeah, typically all the tables will be taken, so you'll probably be eating your food off the floor just like you'll be doing when waiting for your plane.Finally, I hope you're not catching a cab.  The cab line is outside, which is really pleasant in the 100 degree heat.  Once you work your way to an available cab, the airport charges higher than average fees for cabs to do pickups (compared to other airports), so a rip the customer off mentality has developed amongst the cab drivers.  With the confusing exits from the airport, the cab drivers have become professionals at taking longer routes out that seem to be the most ideal way to go.  You'll pay a few dollars more and if you had not known better, would be none the wiser.  I've had to start telling drivers explicitly that I want them to take certain streets on the way to where I'm going.
3	As with the majority of establishments in Vegas, you'll see a bunch of slot machines throughout the airport.  Flying in to McCarran has always been convenient, but as expected, trying to get a cab can sometimes take upwards to an hour just to get through the line.  This sucks especially much when it's blazing hot in the summer.  My suggestion is to either get a bus/shuttle that you can prepay, or have a friend pick you up.  The other option is renting a car which I had to learn the hard way.  There are a bunch of car rental places, offsite, that a shuttle can take you to.  It's easy, and only about a 10 minute bus ride.  Follow the signs.  HOWEVER, beware, there are some car rental places even FURTHER away.  To get to them you have to take the car rental shuttle to the car rental building, and then hop off and on a DIFFERENT shuttle to the other car rental places.  If you're in any type of rush (going in or returning the car), factor this in and check where your car rental place actually is.  Typically the lower budget ones are the ones that require two shuttles.Leaving McCarran is pretty simple as long as you know which terminal your airlines is at.  There are two and they have different entrances.  Your taxi driver should know, but if not, you should check ahead of time. I've generally not had any issues flying out of McCarran.  There were a few times that the security line was ridiculously long, usually on Sundays, and it can take 45 minutes to get through.  But most of the times it's pretty easy, and there are a bunch of small food restaurants to eat at.  Also of course, there are the infamous dollar hungry slot machines...as if you haven't lost enough already.
4	Every time I've been here it's been so easy to fly! Barely any lines for security. Love that there is a separate area for pick up. Just take the short tram ride to baggage claim, go down the escalators, and follow signs to passenger pick up (towards the back right if you're facing baggage claim). Really easy to get picked up, and the cars there have never been crowded. It is a bit of a walk to get there, but hey a little exercise never hurt any body!
2	It's a meh kinda airport. It's older and large for no reason. Takes forever to get your bags, at least from American Airlines. Waiting for a bag at the airport is the OPPOSITE of what you want when you're ready to hit the strip.Also when I just checked, there were no Uber cars available. WTF?! I had never seen this on my Uber screen. I thought it was a mistake. Usually iUber shows at least one car maybe 6-15 minutes away. Absolutely nothing. Maybe this airport doesn't allow Uber... I'm not up on the latest Las Vegas news.
2	The airport is kinda old. There are some charging stations near the restroom. But, they aren't very many. Would be nice to have more outlets.
4	Red eye out and they still have cheese frys! Good air port! Quick and easy check in and everyone's really friendly..
3	Service was decent enough, but the layout of the airport is rather convoluted. So much zig-zag running and train-catching between checking in, security, gate, and other places. Arrive here especially early to allow for all of the waiting in lines and hurrying, seemingly from one side of the place to the other.
2	Gross, loud, and crowded. While they seem to be trying to help with the "recharge zone" stations, there are definitely not enough electrical outlets for a modern airport, especially since all those slot machines have to be running on something. Usually Southwest's terminals have banks of comfy seats with outlets built in but I guess they passed over McCarran. The airport just has a sense of grubbiness about it, like it's not quite cleaned as often as it needs to be. For a city that prides itself on its glamorous entertainment complexes, the airport could use a bit of a pick-me-up.
3	The glaring problem with McCarran International Airport is not enough electrical outlets. One can frequently see LOTS of people sitting on the floor of the airport, clustered around one electrical outlet. I've done it myself. Overall, the airport seems a bit dirty or old. I understand, a lot of people going through there. But, I've seen busier airports much cleaner. Pretty good eating options. Overall, it's okay.
5	I've flown in and out of here many times and I'm amazed at how smooth this place runs with how much traffic comes through each day.  The parking is easy and fast.  The layout makes it easy to get from your ticketing to your gate.  The gate security is always fast and I've never had a bad experience with any TSA agent here.  After you arrive the luggage is usually ready for you to pick up in the matter of minutes.  Just a well run airport.
4	Location, Location, Location!  That's what it's about playa!  No 30 minute drives to the middle of no where from the airport.. Slot machines in the airport, clean.  Be aware of the long waits through TSAs especially during huge events and holiday weekends.
4	I've been fortunate enough to have traveled a considerable amount over the years, and seeing how this is my third trip to Vegas this year, I suppose a review is overdue.Aside from the slot machines stuck in about every location they could find, LAS is a pretty typical big-city airport, meaning:-rental car counter is offsite and requires a 10 minute shuttle bus ride-TSA security lines can back up during peak times. I've been told Tuesday and Saturday are the lowest volume days, although during the morning and afternoon bank, you're screwed either way. Get to the airport early. -TSA Pre-Check lines are at all of the gates and terminals. I flew USAirways out of a Terminal 1 D Concourse, and I had to look really hard for it. If you're enrolled in it, you understand the reason you look. #keepyourshoeson #keepyourbagpacked #totsllyworthit-Unless you're flying on Southwest, prepare to take a monorail to your gate. Don't quote me on this, but I seem to think the last time I was here on Southwest, I didn't have to ride the rail. -There are multiple food locations scattered through the airport. They do a good Jon of making sure there's a Starbucks in sight throughout your entire visit.
2	Airport? More like struggle bus. It's a struggle to go from one terminal to the next. It's a struggle to keep your nose closed (it's quite stinky.)It's a struggle to find charging outlets.And, quite frankly, it's a struggle to even look at.The bathrooms = struggle.Ya, there are loud slot machines. Ya, there's an Einstein Bagel. Ya, I try to avoid layovers here! Talk to my husband who is currently playing the Wheel of Fortune slot machine later. If he wins some of dat cash money, I might bump to 3 stars.
3	45 min long line to catch a cab!! Man, I would have taken local transport to make it faster to the hotel. It was a Friday night in a party city. But, still there should be better management from the airport security people to catch a cab. More lines or more entry points for anyone who wants to get a taxi.
4	McCarran International Airport is about less than a mile a way from the strip hotels so the taxi ride should costs you between $15-$20. This airport is probably the only one that has slot machines and it was first thing I've noticed when I stepped off the plane and into the terminal. I just wish they are not in the area where people wait to board their flights as I find these slot machines in the way and taking up more space than usual.This airport is clean and well-managed. Not too confusing to navigate around. I hope they upgrade this airport to look more fancy so it matches the rest of Vegas and also upgrade their AC system because it's always hot inside this airport due to many people and the hot weather of course.
3	Efficient, but come early to account for Tram ride.I would have given this airport 2 stars, but I like this airport because of the slot machines and people watching experience. I wish they had some table games, but slot machines will do for my gambling problems. It's a fun (and expensive) way to kill time and waste money because your Delta flight is late again. People watching here is phenomenal. You have your Japanese tour group, your midwest country bumpkins, some wannabe gangbangers, high executive CEOs, hungover frat boys, girls doing the walk (or run) of shame to get to their gate, etc. There's such a wide range of people that fly thru here. With that said, there's a good amount of inexperienced travelers that will hold up the TSA security line. I wish they would add more lines to accommodate the crowd. Taxi lines are horrendous and could take up to an hour of waiting. The tram can get crowded to and for some reason, when you are running late, you will always "just missed it". Overall this airport is just okay. It's too busy for my taste, but it is fun to fly out of once in a while. Make sure you are not late if you are flying out on Sunday, Monday, or Tuesday. Flights are generally all sold out leaving Las Vegas.
3	Can it be any easier? drop off car, shuttle to airport, train to terminal, elevator to tsa gates, viola!  Great, streamlined, efficient, organized airport. I have to wonder if we have the broke n hung over folks to thank for this streamlined airport...LOL. Good job McCarran - Clean, great bathrooms and service areas. Vendors are a bit proud of their goods, but hey- that's what happens at the airport. 12.00 for a bear claw and a cup of  milk. 4.00 for a coke..... yep, very proud indeed. Big shout out to the guys who operate the shuttles. Spot on help with luggage, courteous, and friendly.
2	I don't like airports in general, but McCarran is one of the worst I've been through.I was traveling with my elderly grandparents and my grandmother required a wheelchair to get around. When I got them checked in at the desk, they pointed me to where the wheelchairs were and a group of airport employees. I was going to push the wheelchair but one of the employees said I wasn't allowed to and proceeded to wheel my grandmother towards the security checkpoint. I highly doubt there is a rule that says only airport employees can assist people in wheelchairs.The guy was walking too fast and my grandfather was having a hard time keeping pace. I asked the guy to slow down but he stopped for a brief second before continuing with the same speed. The security checkpoint was awful. At the airport we came from at the beginning of our trip, we were allowed to go through a separate security line with lighter security measures (we didn't have to take our shoes off, empty our bags of electronics, etc) because my grandmother was in a wheelchair and required an alternative security screening. At McCarran, we were pushed into the same line as everyone else because there was no separate line for wheelchair-bound people (or TSA approved people, for that matter). After going through the full-body scanner, the TSA agent searched everyone's pockets instead of just letting us move on.We had to wait almost 10 minutes after we got through the scanner because there wasn't a female TSA agent available to wheel my grandmother past the scanner and give her a alternative security screening. They just left her there in line until someone finally noticed and wheeled her across. They didn't even give her a pat-down; they just checked her for explosive residue with that chemical pad. The airport employee was still with us and insisted on wheeling my grandmother to the gate. Once again, he was walking too fast and my grandfather couldn't keep up. After waiting at the gate for around 30 minutes, an announcement came over the speakers about our flight but the volume was too low and the guy was speaking too fast so we couldn't understand what he said. Some of the other people waiting said that a different flight at our gate was delayed and apparently both planes were on their way here. We were told that we (as in, our flight) might be moved to a different gate. Our plane arrived first (and on time) but the gate people said the other flight's passengers were going to take this one and we had to go to a different gate on the other side of the terminal. So we walked over 15 gates down to where we were suppose to go. What pissed me off was that their plane was delayed and they got to swipe ours instead. Then they got to take off and we were delayed too. When we were boarding the plane the gate employees wouldn't let me board with my grandparents because I wasn't on the pre-board list. I expected as much, but they were really nasty about how they said "no". Usually, airports let a small number of people board with the person who is in pre-boarding (wheelchair-bound people, infants, people with disabilities, etc) but I guess McCarran employees treat you like a jackass for "trying to get on the plane early and cut in line". I always hear about TSA agents and airport employees claiming to be the ones under all the stress and that the passengers are being unfair bullies, but maybe if they didn't treat everyone like a security risk or an incompetent moron, the passengers won't be so ticked off at the airport.
4	This is a decent airport. We had no issues during our 2 hour wait prior to boarding our plane to go home. Plenty of food options and bars to kill some time (they're all overpriced, but that's the case in all airports). Security was fast (probably about 2minutes to get through), and nothing seemed overcrowded. Obviously no one should be playing the slot machines in the airport, as their payouts are even worse than in Vegas / on the strip. Yet there's always people sitting there giving away their money into the machines. Oh well.
5	What I don't think people realize is since vegas is a touristy city the airport is going to be crazy. This is one of the busiest airports in the country and they still have great coordination and direction. This airport is easy to navigate through and there are plenty of bathrooms. There are so many choices of restaurants/food establishments and gift shops. When people write reviews about it being swamped with people and crazy and rate it a low star bcs it's "too crowded"... Duh !
3	Nice airport, busy though, super long walk..
5	Great shops and restaurants while you wait. The check in is not too bad either, pretty standard. I love the slot machines in the airport too, no craps tables... oh well.
3	Haha, can't really complain about this place. Energy levels are super high and everybody is amped up when you land and are ready to party in Vegas...the exact opposite occurs for your departing flight back home.Food wise, it's mostly chain restaurants and it's not THAT overpriced compared to other airports I been to.Just some random tips..-About $20-$30 cab ride FROM THE AIRPORT TO STRIP...about $20 FROM THE STRIP TO THE AIRPORT-If you have a car rental, there is a shuttle that takes you to an off-site station. So give yourself some extra time!-Lots of walking...yep, LONG walks trying to get to the different terminals and gates.-You will probably get lost from the baggage claim area. They have separate exits for cabs, limos, shuttles, pickup.
2	Coming here and leaving is probably fine but having to wait for a connecting flight ...? Terrible. Hot, crowded, old... plus huge walkways that lead to the other terminals take FOREVER to navigate. The signage is misleading as well. Surprisingly not many good options for eating, at least in some terminals. Overall I could not WAIT to escape from this place
4	Just moved to the area and it's a 15 minute walk to my place. And the shuttle takes me to my job @ rental center. How AWESOME is that?
2	I really don't like this airport. I avoid it when I can and dip through it when it's necessary. I spent $20 on a hamburger once that was not that great. I guess I burned off the burger while walking because the terminals are so far apart! I was sweating and panting by the time I got to my gate and although I had a two hour layover, I didn't move from that spot because I knew it would take me that long to find a water fountain in this place. And come on? You really can't wait to get out of the airport to gamble?! You lose all your money anyway! Go buy some $43 chocolates and call it a day.
3	Not the best airport, but not the worst. The check-in lines were insanely long, and it took me almost an hour just to check in, but the security lines were incredibly short. Probably not the fault of the airport but of the airlines themselves, but I was starting to sweat when my flight was quickly approaching. Luckily my flight was delayed a half hour, so I got in with no problems.Unfortunately, ever since I turned twenty one, I end up at this airport a lot since I travel to Vegas quite a bit. The free wi-fi is definitely a huge plus, though the slot machines in the terminals are very tacky and take up a lot of floor space. I also discovered that there was a serious lack of power outlets, and my phone almost died before my flight. I do enjoy the tram that runs between terminals, even though the people who use it seem to not understand how to embark/disembark the vehicles. Please people...do not stand RIGHT in the doorway, and please stand to the side until the cars have cleared of people. I've had to shove people aside who don't seem to understand public transportation etiquette. Sorry, pet peeve rant over.Food is mostly chain places, but a good selection and most of the places are open late. This makes it nice if you have a red-eye flight, and want to get a cup of coffee or a sandwich before taking off for a long flight. Cabs are affordable, and only about twenty to thirty dollars to the strip. Parking is plentiful, and the pick up area is easy to locate.
1	City of Lights? ??Does not provide wall socketsFor all the visiting guest to charge devices. I would expect this from a 3rd world country, what are they thinking? Trying to save some power, by not providing a good service to paying guest. Am I in the USA?How is it possible that a Dinky airport like Sacramento Blows Las Vegas out of the water?
4	Pretty good airport, easy to navigate. Security can be busy at times when you wouldn't expect it to be though. You can also gamble right into the airport and lose all your money before you make it to casinos.
3	As much as I would want to love this airport being a Las Vegas native, I can't.Granted, Vegas is still growing up comparing to other cities that are more established, it's still one of the busiest airports in the United States. And with that reason alone, there should have been more thought out plans considering the amount of people that are visiting every year. The baggage claim GRINDS MY GEARS every time. It's insanely slow. Be prepared to wait awhile for your luggage to come around. I've been to numerous airports, even third-world ones abroad and never dealt with a delay such as McCarran's.The airport is clean and modern, I'll give them that. Especially the new terminal they added on but there's little to do there since every place closes quite early considering it being Vegas, where places are open 24/7.And the staff? Very slow paced as if I'm on lortabs or something. There's no energy throughout the airport making people uneasy to wait for their flight to get the F out of the airport.And one more thing. BUILD A BRIDGE THAT ALLOWS PATRONS TO WALK ACROSS TO THE PASSENGER PICK UP AREA. I'm tired of heavy traffic being the person that's responsible to scoop someone up. It's irritating. And stupid.Vegas, I know you're better than this. The airport is the first impression people get on a city. Don't ruin it for them.
2	The McCarran International Airport is unfortunately a mix of pretty negative things and some pretty nice things which make for a slightly below-average airport experience.Let's start with the good things first:1) This airport has a lot of slot machines. if you like to gamble, there are at least 200 separate machines for you to enjoy.2) There is a very wide variety of shops and eateries in closely spaced areas. For example, there is a Coffee Bean about 35 feet from a Starbucks. The food court in the early-C terminal has a Burger King, Sabarro, a Mexican restaurant, and some takeout place.3) If you like people watching, this is your airport. I don't think you can find a wider mix of people than in this airport.4) There is free WiFi that you don't have to jump through too many hoops to use!  I'm on it right now and it's working great.Now let's move to the bad things:1) This airport has a lot of slot machines. They are loud. They are bright. They take up tons of room.If you're not a gambler, this will be the first thing that you notice when you're trying to take a nap.2) Like most other airports except for John Wayne in Orange County, all the food is overpriced because they know you're trapped here.  Imagine paying $8 for a vegetarian Burger King burger.  I'm not exaggerating. I spent $12 on 3 small pork tacos.3) Because this is a desert (and all airports don't want to lose money) the water pressure here is atrocious. I spent a full 40+ seconds trying to wash the guacamole sauce (from my $4 mini-tacos) off my hands.4) For obvious reasons, this airport attracts the type of people that you wouldn't want noticing that you leave your wallet pocket unbuttoned.5) There are only small designated "recharge" stations where you can plug in your laptop and such and they are always occupied because....6) This airport is very crowded. Don't expect a peaceful experience, but thankfully there is a fair amount of seating.
3	Looks like a cross between an old run down casino and an old run down bowling alley. The carpet is... Interesting... The layout is annoying and slot machines everywhere. I understand this is Vegas, but if you just can't resist airport slots, you probably have a problem. The airport is nicer than LGA, but that's about it...
4	After reading some of the scary yelp reviews about this airport, I was worried about flying in and out of here. However, It wasn't bad at all. When we arrived, we got our bags quickly and got into the taxi line.  There was about 10 people in front of us and we only waited for about 5 minutes to get a cab.  When we came back again a few days later to go home, security line only took about 10 minutes or so.  Only thing that was annoying.. was that we walked all the way down to our terminal so we could grab some Starbucks.  The Starbucks in our terminal was closed for some odd reason.  There wasn't a sign or anything to explain.. so we had to walk to a complete other terminal to grab Sbux there.  No biggie since we had time before our flight, but I would have been sad if we didn't. The slot machines in the terminals are a fun way to kill time.. but unfortunately, they also kill your money.
4	I am going to miss flying out of this airport. For being such a large airport it is definitely a breeze to get in and out of. I usually fly united and they are out of terminal 3, which during the day is less crowded as most of the international flights leave later. Terminal 1 for being so big due to Southwest is actually very easy through security. If you need to play slots they are available everywhere in the airport. Only negative thing is the luggage sometimes takes a while to come out. Otherwise great airport
2	Airport itself was fine, fairly clean and new, nice Southwest Skycap service outside.TSA at this place was horrible though - I get it can be a frustrating job, especially if a fair number of the passengers are non-English speakers, but that is no reason to berate them.  A couple of the staff were much more engaged in making fun of those that didn't understand than keeping the line moving.  So not only did I feel like they weren't paying attention to the security issues, they were just plain mean.  No dialogue, just yelling more and louder at people who didn't know the routine or immediately comply.I fly a fair amount, and usually encounter agents that treat you with respect if you do the same - not the case here.
4	Come for the parties, booze, jacuzzi, pool parties, and slots. McCarran is the hub for 99% of all travelers that frequent Vegas for any reason. They definitely give you the touristy Vegas feel: slots, poker tables, and lots of sports bars. Booze is all around you, along with the standard expensive airport food and merchandise. Nothing too special about McCarran other than the typical Vegas slot machine and some rad flickering LED screens near passenger pickup. So far, my experiences are good and only experienced one delay out of the handful of trips I've taken to and fro.
5	Nice airport. Has a lot of slot machines and places to get food/drinks.  Pretty big airport. Looked relatively clean (as clean as an airport in Vegas could possibly be). Reeked of cigarettes, Welcome to Vegas! On the way out: Checking luggage at southwest and getting my boarding pass was very quick. There was a bit of a line but the whole place was pretty well organized. Security was fast and friendly. My gate was super far away, but I guess that just depends on luck. Over all, good experience, no complaints.
3	During my Vegas Vacay, I had to drop off one of my friend, who had to get back home. I was surprised at how close the airport was to the strip. Maybe it was down time for the airport, but there wasn't much traffic and very easy to navigate. Great job city planners of Clark County!!!
3	Poor airport layout. Never enough phone charging stations for the amount of people flying through here. Not super clean. Busy always. Wear your walking shoes. Also be prepared for disgruntled workers at the restaurants. 3 stars for location close to the Strip.
4	It was my first time flying into Vegas from San Diego and vice versa. It was so much better than driving the 5+ hours. The flight was about and hour. It goes by fast. My wife at came in at night, so we got to see the Vegas lights coming in. The airport it pretty nice. Has random slot machines here and there to pass the time if you're here for a while. They have a few good places to grab a bite to eat. I'm thinking if stopping by the Popeyes restaurant to get some food for our flight out. After flying, it's going to be hard to drive again. Hopefully the flights will be cheap the next time I'm deciding to come to Vegas.
4	Feel like I'm at this airport all the time so I know it like the back of my hand. Can't complain. Security lines never take too long no matter how crowded it is, there is always plenty of seating,  gate areas are clean and have free wi-fi. What more can you ask for? Just wished there were more places to eat in the terminal. Since there's not really any good options, I would highly recommend eating before arriving at McCarran if possible
1	If you're going to run into delays at any airport, it'll be this one. There are nowhere near enough restaurants, shops, bathrooms, or outlets, and they schedule many more flights to depart and arrive than they can handle. It's a no-brainer that Nevada was never prepared for accommodating large amounts of people, but they shouldn't keep adding flights and airlines that they can't accommodate, because people are not getting in and out as they need to. I've flown through here at least 200 times and a majority of those times there was a slight delay departing, although the flights usually arrive as scheduled. It's a disorganized disaster and I'm certain they have the least competent air traffic control team in the country.
4	Nice music lighthearted jazzy beats and clean bathroom.thanks for the free wifi too none of this drama of watching a video clip first like lax. I prefer this chill music ... I should also mention I am early for a flight and I am NEVER early for a flight so this experience is making me want to be those people who are an hour early for their flights because I've never been so relaxed waiting to fly home from a trip.
3	Easy to get around, nice wide concourses & plenty of food options.  But there's very minimal recharging stations, so you'll end up battling over a lousy outlet to plug in your charger, and the constant noise from the ever-present slot machines that line every available wall will grate on your nerves in a hurry.  If I have to lay over here, I just pray for a short one.
4	I have always been happy with McCarran airport.  Always clean and I love the free WiFi. Keep up the good work.
2	I really didn't like this airport.Aside from the fact that it's Vegas and there are slot machines everywhere. The airport doesn't have electrical outlets next to seats or on them. Or even charging stations near the terminals. There's a separated little area for people to charge but it's not near their terminal and there isn't decent seating that people are sleeping, and sitting all over the place. This airport is a mess and given how much money they must be making, they can do better.I did want to mention that the free wi-fi is very helpful, but it isn't if you have to sit on the floor to charge your laptop far far away from your terminal so you can't even see the updated boarding time.The food inside this airport is pretty bad too and I honestly don't really understand why. Everywhere is better than the Vegas airport, why???They really need to improve everything here.
4	For a city full of metaphorical 'filth' and 'sin', Las Vegas has one of the most clean airports I've ever seen. There are places to sit, eat, shop and check e-mail, read a book or just practise some mindful stillness. It's orderly and it covers the basics, while you wait. Plus, a vending machine of Benefit brand cosmetics. And if you need to scratch your gambling itch, there are ample slot machines for the playing. Don't be fooled by the gadget plug-in stand charging you $3.99 for 30 minutes of battery life. It won't work and it takes forever, and the cost is rather high. You would need your phone or other item to be nearly at full, in order to see any significant change. There are no plugs in the wall for using tech gadgets, so ensure you find a space at the tables attached to the wall, alongside the terminals. This is a minor issue, but was not as troublesome as LAX, surprisingly. Maybe not as many people pushing and shoving for sockets? Security is also incredibly efficient here. Shoes are not required to be removed, nor laptops from their cases, and they use various other methods of facial recognition and safety that are not widely used in the United States. The lines are long, but move fast.
4	I love Las Vegas!  I live in northern San Diego, and the drive to Vegas can be a 5 hour drive. With traffic, it can definitely be longer, especially the trip back to San Diego. The flight from sd to Vegas is approximately 50 minutes.  I came in on a Tuesday night so it wasn't too busy. There was no cab line but it looks like it can get long. It looks like the line to get into Splash Mountain at Disneyland!  I've been told the line goes by fast though.  The cab ride to the Cosmopolitan Hotel was about 17 bucks.  I had time to eat while waiting for my flight to go back home. The airport is pretty big and there's a few food choices. I was debating on Nathan's or Popeyes. I ended up getting Popeyes and it didn't disappoint.  Unfortunately, this airport isn't new enough where there are outlets next to the seats waiting at your gate. There are few charging stations if you need to charge your phone. I'm assuming on a busy day it can get hard to get a plug. Just try to have a full charge when you get here. And yes, there are slot machines at the airport!
4	I love this airport because I love Vegas! HahahahaBUT, with that said, this can be one of the busiest airports I've been to, and it's mostly because I come in on the weekends, when everyone else is pretty much coming and going to vegas.But as far as the airport design is concerned, you have to take a tram from certain terminals, depending on your flight...I believe AA, US Airways(now american), and Southwest are definites for tramming it to baggage, but not sure which other airlines.ARRIVING - be prepared to get into a long line for taxi service.  The line moves incredibly fast as the taxi cab system setup here is second-to-none as far as efficiency is concerned, but the line IS long.DEPARTING - arrive early, a TON of flights take off around the same time, so security lines can get quite long, but once you're past security, it's pretty much smooth sailing.  PARKING - short-term parking if you're picking up a friend is easy and convenient.CAB RIDES - it's cheaper to take side streets to the strip by about $6 or $7, just emphasize that you wanna take local streets and not the freeway, which can end up costing you about $25
5	I really like this airport. They have done a great job remodeling and upgrading it. It's nice and clean. The tram system is very smooth easy to use. Lots of shops and bathrooms. Plenty of restaurants and bars to relax in. They also have a few enclosed smoking areas if you have to smoke.
3	I've been to tons of airports and this is actually a good one, they have the whole monorail system implemented here to take you from where you enter and go through TSA to where you can access the gates. Just like the strip the stores and restaurants here have big and lit up signs.The first indication that you are in Sin City when you arrive and step off the place is the numerous slot machines spread all throughout the airport. I even saw an enclosed room with slots and they allowed smoking in there, odd for an airport to have that but ok.There are plenty of shops to get tourist nic nacs, books and etc. but they also have regular retail stores such as Coach and The Flip Flop Shop. They also have a wonderful selection of food and beverage places here. Cinnabon, Jodi Maroni's, Chili's, and CPK just to name a few.I wouldn't mind having to be here for a few hours waiting for a flight because the slots, shops and restaurants will keep me occupied.
2	This is not one of my favorite airports. It is usually crowded, maybe to the point of over crowded and needing expansion. Baggage pickup is somewhat difficult. And the worst, everyone exits at the same place and has wait in the same crazy cab line. Lots of things here seem like poor planning to me.
4	Why? They have a ton of Wells Fargo ATMS here. If I need to take out cash I can do so without paying the ridiculous fees at the casino. Taxi lines are relatively fast and so are the TSA lines. I say.... I'm a fan because it's efficiently run (for the most part) and it's not an intimidating airport. Hello- Jersey Mikes, Popeyes, Wendy's, UFC, Brighton and Hudson News!!! All of the pretty shiny oldish slot machines take advantage of me every single time too. I would play the quarter machines over the penny slots. Lower max bet!
4	This is a great airport. The TSA staff are always friendly and efficient, the food selection is pretty good, it's well-kept and there are videos playing in loops about airport security starring Vegas performers like Carrot Top and the Blue Man Group.Terminal 3 seems a little cold and heartless and half-deserted most times of day, but it's better than many other airports I've visited despite that. The only major issue is a lack of dining *before* security; Terminal 3 has a Starbucks and the main one has a Tex-Mex joint. Once inside you'll find sit-down places and the ubiquitous Sbarros and Burger Kings.There are recharge stations but there could always be more; there's often a crowd during even somewhat-busy times. All in all, a nice place to pass through or fly into or out of; drop by one of their many slot machines of you want that Vegas gambling experience whilst there.
5	Every other airport is lame compared to this place. Talk about a city that never sleeps! This airport is 24 hours and yes you can gamble your life savings away while waiting for your delayed flight on spirit airlines. the best thing to do when you get to the baggage claim is yell loudly "VEGAS!!!!" And you'll blend in with the underage teenagers waiting to head to the clubs to listen to their electronic uncle uncle unce unce.
5	Love that you don't have to go through too much security drama at this airport. They get you in and out.
4	I realize that a lot of people bash this airport but as a frequent business flyer and local this is one of the best airports in the country for USA and Canadian city non-stop flights.   Flying non-stop is important and as the 9th busiest airport in the country it moves a vast amount of people efficiently and in an energetic and clean environment.   If you want to experience truly crappy airports try using either LAX or its little cousin Ontario.   They both resemble 3rd world airports with dirty and closed amenities and hordes of people. On my wishlist I would like to see McCarran develop a cell phone waiting lot and a reduced price for long term parking.   Other than that it is a fine airport!
3	Decent airport easy to navigate through. Slot machines are readily available giving you that Vegas vibe!
3	It's Vegas!  But one of my least favorite airports.  It just doesn't seem to have that Vegas feel anymore and it always takes me longer to get though.   I will say I away seem pretty happy to get there and very very happy to leave there!  Wonder why that is? :)
4	Just when you think it's time to go home and get away from all the gaming, there are slots all up in that casino. Of course though, right? You are still in Vegas! The airport itself is located 5 minutes from the beginning of the strip, which makes picking up a friend or catching a cab yourself super super easy and convenient.There are plenty of different food choices inside the airport (unlike some other cities) if you get there early and are hungry.I hate driving to Vegas, so I think I found my new alternative!
4	For the most part I love McCarren in airport it's in and out!! And Southwest is the best!! All the workers walking around are so friendly and nice and helpful. It's also fun to play the slots while waiting on a guest to arrive..
2	Why does it have to be so cold here??Nobody check the temps in this freezer airport??2 stars for finishing with the construction but non for the climate control!Please keep this place airport temp, thank you : )
4	Being that I take the overnight flights I have good experiences at McCarran. I walked right to the security desk practically waking the guard up and passed with ease and right through the scanning area. Plenty of stores and eateries stay open late and the fact that there are slot machines seem to keep that dream of hitting a jackpot alive for some people. Free WiFi is what I take advantage of, watching something on Netflix of HBO Go makes the time fly by while waiting to board. Definitely an easy airport to navigate through if you are departing or arriving. Even though passenger pickup can be crazy at times, I find it convenient to pick up friends or family without having to pay to park, which is still an option.
4	Place is huge.Has added a new terminal (#3) which I only have arrived at when using JetBlue.When using Southwest I have arrived at Terminal 1.Many food options. Place is really organized.You can catch taxi and shuttles here.
1	port of sin city. SLOT MACHINES. *Gag*Im not a proponent of sin, I effn hate LV. Ever since my visit in the I wont age myself days and thank you very much ..... and I was inundated with escort type ads, stopped by a gas station and some guy accosts me asking about if I 'work' ummmm Of Course I work ....bum dummy. Till I later find out what 'Work' meant in those parts. The filth. the overtly subliminal signs of darkness all over yonder. Fast forward X years later and bombarded with money machines you have to maneuver through with luggage. Hack. spit. its grungey grimey + the dregs that throng here to indulge in cess. Saw a pack of them descend from new york with their loud obnoxious androgynous shim type cackling. I just eyed them as they slowly disappeared into the bowels of the tunnel they should never return from. did i say I abhor this place. Strong word but i hate vegas + MIA
4	You'd think an airport is an airport is an airport.  And you're mostly right, McCarran is great because its so easy to get in and out of, Terminal 1 is kind of congested.. but terminal 3 is amazing... always empty, super fast security.  Airport food is airport food... there the same overprice, under serving bars...
3	McCarran or LAS is a pretty busy airport being that Las Vegas is such tourist city this place is always bustling.  Their baggage carousels alone take up so much room.  You really cannot help but notice that you can play slot machines while you are waiting for your luggage to come down the chute.  There are gambling machines scattered through out this place which is kind of funny actually.While McCarran has a parking garage attached to the terminal their car rental facility is off site.  You will need to take a shuttle bus to this building which is a short ride away.  This is sort of inconvenient if you have a lot of luggage but they will help you if you require it.  The car rental building is also big with multiple floors depending on which car rental agency you are with you may have to go to another floor.  The building is spacious and you guessed it, they have slot machines there too.  You are in Las Vegas, you cannot really avoid seeing gambling related things!  You must return the car back to this facility upon the end of your rental again you will be bused over to the terminal where they will drop you off according to your airlines etc.This airport is very close to the strip but not close enough that you'd want to walk to your hotel.  The monorail only starts at the MGM at the south end so really your options are cabbing or shuttles or rental etc.  Hotels on the strip pretty much all have free parking so that's not really an issue.  Free wifi available everywhere as well...
3	LAS is the only way into Vegas without a very long boring drive.   Since it has a monopoly, they need not be very friendly at the airport and sometimes it's a bit of a letdown !!!  But if its on the way in, you don't have to go through security and your about to be whoowed with the spectacle !!!  And on the way out if you win, you could care less !!!  Now all you need to do is be lucky and WIN. !!!
2	The choices of good quality and reasonably priced food vendors here are atrocious!  Totally bummed
3	After all the years of renovations, I couldn't tell after being away for 7 years, it seemed almost the same dingy, stinky airport. Don't get me wrong, it's perfect for Las Vegas, there's a cluster of people everywhere, slot machines, smokers who can't smoke and angst filled tourists who just lost all their money. It stinks! However, I do like the walk when you get through the terminals when you arrive in Las Vegas. That part its dreamy!
1	We were picking up and security made us move.  We just got there and our person was 20 feet from the car.  I'd say they the most unfriendly of the many airports I have used. I understand that there is no waiting,  but when someone is 20 feet away,  it is not waiting.  It is picking up.  Perhaps and accessible cell phone lot would be helpful.  Not an poorly make garage that only allows 15 min until you are forced to pay 3 bucks just to pick up.
3	I've never been to Las Vegas before in my life, and with all the hype around this city, I really expected a little bit more then what I saw during my two layover's here recently.  For as much traffic as this place gets, I had higher hopes.  That's not to say that my experiences here were bad, but I wasn't impressed overall.VIVA LAS VEGAS!!!!!  Ok, now that I have THAT out of the way, let me tell you how my time here went....For starters, I few southwest, so I came in and out of the same terminal both times. The second time I was here, I noticed that they are building (or have built) another terminal.  Interesting.On first impressions, I thought "wow, this place is kind of small compared to other places I have been" and totally not what I was expecting for Las Vegas. Phoenix's airport is 10 times bigger, cleaner and has a ton more restaurants' then this!  Even Detroit's new airport is bigger!  pfft.There were some places to shop at, but the airport seemed to be overloaded with slot machines.  I've heard about this before, but still thought it was kind of cool to actually see in person.  I could even see them from the airplane once we pulled into the gate!  The downside?  Lack of seating while waiting for your gate!  I would have rather had a few more seats if you ask me, and for as busy at this place is, I would have liked some additional chairs!  So many people here!They had a few places to eat in here, but again, I didn't see many places to sit. The terminal was long and skinny, and I didn't have enough time to wander and study the whole thing.  I love that I was able to get off and go right into the smoking lounge without having to buy a drink. It's literally right between gates C6 and C8.  Awesome!  Slot machines in there too!The staff I interacted with were friendly, outgoing and what I would expect for Las Vegas. Not uptight, but not overly laid back either.  Definitely fun, that's for sure!  This airport isn't bad, and serves it's purpose. Hey, I've seen some smaller crazier airports in my day, but really I wish they would step up their game a little bit. How about if instead of 900 commercials everyday about visiting Las Vegas, you pump it up at the airport? If I come here again I might rate it higher, but for now, a solid three stars.
3	McCarran is a perfectly fine airport for Las Vegas. It's close to the strip, there are always plenty of taxis, and if you get stuck waiting on a flight, there's free WiFi. Also, it's clean, with plenty of food and beverage options. I prefer the Delta terminal over the Southwest one, mostly because Delta's seems more open, with more upscale amenities.  SW can get overcrowded and a little ripe from time to time. Hate the taxi lines at Terminal 1? Do yourself a favor and take the train to Terminal 3, where the International flights arrive. As long as you don't need to go to baggage claim, and there hasn't been a rush of foreign arrivals, the taxi line is practically nonexistent. I was off the plane and at my hotel less than an hour from landing.
4	This airport to me is great. Its the first airport that I have been to that everyone is nice and helpful. The parking is very confusing.... So many different areas to park and lots of walking(of course its a airport). Bars and slot machines and coffee stands to pass the time! Everything is clean and and lines go fast every time I have been. All in all great airport!
1	Tsa employees were supremely unhelpful in figuring out where to go. The machine also told me a different gate than the ticket it printed out. When I got to gate c security the tsa agent insisted that I was at fault even though I was just remarking it must have told me something different. Additionally when i asked her how to get to gate d, she said it was a long walk either going through security at c or walking around to d. Short story, it was significantly faster to get to d through c security. Literally a three minute walk. Shout out to agent Tordillo for being really helpful.
4	I'm definitely a fan of this airport. I love how it's so close to downtown Las Vegas and getting to the strip is never a fuss.  I also like how the terminals are fairly big and that there are plenty of food and shopping options in addition to the obligatory slot machines.  For the most part security screenings here have been pretty smooth and go by fairly quickly compared to many other major airports.While I'm not a huge fan of taking a tram to the gates, it's actually not a painful process and the trains come right on cue every few minutes.  In terms of arrivals, the baggage claim area is huge and it's easy to get to your ground transportation needs.  There's also always a lot of taxis around, which helps a lot.  The buses to the rental cars also come fairly regularly so that's another bonus.  All in all this is definitely one of the better airports in the country.
1	Listen, it's 2014, the 21st century; every airport in America has free wifi. How does this airport that is in Vegas(which btw, looks like the lost city of el dorado from up above at night)not have any wifi??? What a conundrum. Another airport without vegan options, another layover starving while eating cliff bars. Word. Quick edit, there is wifi, it was hard to find.
4	AppearanceVegas airport was very clean inside.   I arrived at 1pm for a 2pm flight and arrive to my airplane with 20min to spare.  Give yourself enough time because this place get busy. After passing security you also may need to take a tram to another part of the airport. Security lines were very long        For a busy airport it was relatively quiet.  Maybe most ppl were hungover?   I also never saw slots inside a airport terminal but seeing how this is vegas... I shouldn't have been surprised.                                       Staff.. They were courteous and friendly.
4	The Flying Port of entry for the Land of Lost Wages! Las Vegas Airport has improved over the years.Upon Landing you will be greeted with Slot Machines! I once saw someone win lots of $$$ while waiting for their flight!Check out the next time you book a flight to Las Vegas, try to find an Airline that flies in & out of Terminal 3 because its the best!    Alaska Airlines Operation is very nice in this New Terminal 3!The TSA Security lines are efficient and food options are decent.  Good Luck Have Fun!Viva Las Vegas!
3	The Southwest portion of the airport was a bit on the 'dated' side. Recharging stations are in short supply, if not, non-existent. Understandable, considering all the electricity that was being diverted to the slot machines. On the positive side, the gate agents were cool.
4	Clean and lives up to all expectations with slot machines and plenty of Frank Sinatra playing at the various shops and restaurants.Give yourself some time when checking out. You need to take a tram to most gates.TSA here is always efficient and bizarrely friendly. Must be all the slots :).
3	This airport is pretty big....but doesnt seem like it....when I landed I liked the fact that I could go straight to the slot machines...lol. but I needed to get my luggage....(first things first). The other half of my party landed flew United which was in a totally different terminal...and I had to catch a shuttle to get there....it was difficult to find because the staff were not that friendly....so this guy with an attitude gave me rude instructions ...thank goodness I had my listening ear on because he said it super fast. ....good thing is that my bags were at the baggage claim fairly quickly.  When I left...on my way back home ...I felt as though I was in the hottest terminal ever....Idk if it was hot due to all of the people or what but I have never been in a stuffy airport. ....TSA were fast, effecient and friendly.
4	Nice in and out airport-4 stars for not letting you pick up passengers curb side-reserved for taxis and car rental companies only. Your passenger has to go up one level, and you either have to park in short term or circle around. Parking staff was polite, and gave helpful information to get you back to the strip.
4	Always when you fly in or out from Las Vegas you can trust that those guys will handle it. Over 40 million passenger a year requires an organization smooth as a perfectly ticking swiss clockwork. Checkin and luggage claim will be fast, and wont waste your precious time here in wonderland.This is the place where you begin your adventure in the crazy vegas and most probably(read hopefully) also end your trip. However leaving the airport is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning. And when you wanna transfer from airport, go by shuttle, cab or limo to the city, but make sure they dont go freeway unless you are going downtown off rush hours. Even if you dont want to, you will have to leave eventually, and when you do, the last thing you will get reminded about is the classic phrase.What happens in vegas, stays in vegas...
2	Specifically the Southwest terminal is pretty terrible when it comes to food choices on a layover. There are some pretty cool views of the strip as you fly in but in terms of airport amenities..... Just pass right on through
2	This airport is pretty simple to find your way around, that's a major plus. The art here is super nice to look at, takes your mind off of any stresses pre- or post flight. (I believe, that they have a huge wooden airplane above some escalators which looks awesome.) The slot machines are jarring at first, but you definitely know that you're in Las Vegas! They are in the middle or median of these huge walkways and behind glass barricades. They are loud. But, that's all a part of the distraction. The biggest problem I have with this airport is their TSA. Really, just one TSA worker who was not professional when making off-handed comments to my wife about some adult content I had in MY bag. It's Las Vegas, come on!! The SeaTac TSA kept their professionalism on point and never made me feel uncomfortable, once. I cannot say the same for the Vegas TSA. I really like this airport, but I do not feel comfortable with the TSA workers. Getting better employees would make this airport better. Left a bitter taste in my mouth.
2	Not very many nice restaurants at the terminal I was at. Slots are fun the whole place has that old casino staleness to it.  The car rental return is farther from the airport than the strip. So annoying to return your rental car and have to take a bus miles back to the airport.
3	I have visited Las Vegas more times than I would like. It's certainly not a favorite destination, but I have to go there for work every now and then and fly through Las Vegas regularly on my way to parts West, so McCarran is a familiar stop for me. The terminal where Southwest's flights are is a mess. It's littered with gaming machines that get in the way of traffic flow. Seating for passengers in the terminal (aside from the seats at the games) is woefully limited making it difficult for business travelers to get much work accomplished. There are a fair number of food options, but nothing spectacular. Rental cars are housed in a central rental car facility accessible via shuttle. The shuttles come pretty regularly on both ends, so you don't have to give yourself an excessive amount of time when you return your car. Make sure you plug the address for the rental car facility (not the airport) into your GPS when returning your rental car.  If you don't, you might have difficulty finding it or may drive out of your way.
4	Any airport with slot machines is a party for me!But standard airport, huge that requires ton of walking. Airport is very clean with many restaurants and shops to choose from. I visit Vegas often and have nothing horrible to say. During my last travel (in April), I was informed by my roommate that it was snowing back home. It was spring and I was packed for Vegas, I had no jacket or sweatshirt. Because the airport has a lot to offer, I was able to prepare for my snowy travels home!
3	If you want to play the slots while waiting for you flight, well then, you can't beat LAS.But if you want a decent selection of decent eateries after security, or if you want lots of clean bathrooms McCarran leaves a lot to be desired.The taxi line out front is usually long, though it does move pretty quickly.  Allot 10 minutes if you're going to need a taxi.
5	I may be biased but this is my favorite airport. Being a Las Vegas local, I am very familiar with our airport. I find if convenient to pick people up (though it can be confusing before you know the layout). Flying out of Macarran is always a breeze. I have rarely experienced a huge line at security and generally the lines move very quickly. There are tons of places to eat and shop once you get through security. This is an airport for people watchers. First of all people come to Las Vegas from all over the world so there are so many different types of people to look at. Secondly, in Las Vegas, people visiting tend to wear the most gaudy, tiny, see through, sequin covered, outfit. Words like age and weather appropriate go out the window. They then pair said outfit with the craziest and often highest heels they own which makes for an excellent show. Lastly, inhibitions are abandoned and, most likely, they've been drinking since they boarded their plane to Vegas. Therefore you are left with people of every color of the rainbow, running around drunk looking like they got dressed in a cross between Liberace and Cher's closet. All of this equates to the best people watching experience you will ever have. Finally, this airport has something that I've never seen in any other airport, slot machines.  So if the shopping and people watching isn't keeping you entertained, and you haven't already lost your life savings, you can pull up a seat and try your luck at some last minute winnings. If you are flying into Las Vegas, our baggage claim area is huge and very efficient. You won't have to wait long for a bag. Ground Transportation is also pretty simple. The taxi line may look forever long but it's lightening quick.  Most importantly, our airport sits right next to the fabulous Las Vegas strip so the ride to your hotel should be short. Good luck while visiting!
5	Ooolala, Vegas. There are slot machines located inside of your airport terminals - what more can you ask for? The airport is huge, clean and TSA is surprisingly very nice. Is this a dream? Only issue is, you will probably melt on the super long cab line that awaits you after you pick up your luggage. The good news? Every casino on this strip is just a 5 min ride from this awesome airport.
5	Best airport wifi of any airport I've been to! It's hardly crowded, but the taxi lines can get ridiculous -- they move fairly quickly, though.
1	McCarran airport is the worst.  It's 4:30 am with only 3 lanes open at the security check point. Unacceptable!  TSA truly stands for Thousands Standing Around!  They Also love to Take S#1+ Away.
4	Not a bad airport at all!Security line was much better than in the past.Taxi line moves quickly too!
4	Big, fast-paced, and overpriced. Yay, Vegas! Things went pretty smoothly for me overall. My only suggestion would be to travel late at night to avoid insane lines.
3	This airport needs more restaurants!!!! I was here with my boyfriend waiting to board our flight and we had about an hour to kill so we decided to eat.  We must of walked almost the whole airport with very few choices of restaurants to eat at.  A lot of the restaurants were closed down and we were here on a Saturday afternoon.  We ended up eating at the expensive Burger King because of the very limited choices here.  What's up with that?
1	Worst airport ever. I'd much rather be stuck in a regional airport with no services and vending machines than spend a minute in this germ infested, airport-shaped toilet.IF YOU GO- smart money spends $80 to have a limo waiting for you. You're going to spend that much on buying drinks for hoochies or on that machine that's" getting ready to hit" anyway. Your hotel concierge or host will set up a limo for you and having a driver with your name on a sign waiting is pretty baller. Plus it gets you out of McCarron Hell Hole way faster.
3	They do a descent job given the number of travelers they serve. I wish the whole facility was non-smoking, but that's apparently a lot to ask for in Las Vegas. The food choices could also use an upgrade. But where else can you watch Blue Man Group give the TSA safety video. Points for that.
4	Cool airport, slots and all.  Fast baggage.  Clean and new feeling.
5	I like this terminal at least, not too sure about the rest of the airport. I fly either Virgin or Jet Blue and both of them go out of this spot. Clean, easy and quick. My three favorite words about any airport. The best part is this hidden little club called The Club at Las. You can use a Priority Pass if you have one or pay (I thinK) and it is a deal. Breakfast is light, but lunch is soup and other snacks that are very good and filling. Great bar and a even better staff.The food and shops in this terminal are good, but another find was the express spa that my wife went to and got a 60 minute massage. She loved...again with the clean...but that is the best part. Clean and reasonable.Love this place.
4	Say what you will about airports. I find the Vegas one fairly decent. It's clean with wide halls and also easy to find bathrooms. An absolute must after a long flight coming inbound or needing break the seal again after being out all night.The slots are a nice touch though it's a shame you can't do any sports betting. I would say the downfall is not having enough open in the early hours. Even for an airport there's a surprising sparse amount of bars once you're inside security."I don't need a pillow. Give me some booze and those cookies. I'll leave you alone for 3-4 time zones."
2	Bleh.Combine a dated interior, too few charging stations, expensive drinks, and a funky smell in the air and you have the recipe for McCarran.Not a fan.
3	Jesus Lord this place is LOUD. If you have your Zen on then expect it to be shoved right out of your head as this place is just as busy as Las Vegas itself. Yes, I know...it's a dang airport and what am I expecting a koi pond in a silent park? No, I'm expecting an airport with airport noises and people everywhere. I shouldn't have been surprised that this place had slot machines all over the dang place but I was. It's a huge airport and going from terminal C to terminal A had me needing a massage and a nap but in general it's a pretty neat place to have an hour layover or to land for a weekend of debauchery.
5	The best airport for a layover! Not only do you have FREE Wi-Fi (Awesome), but the slot machines galore and pretty good and a decent amount of places to shop and eat as well, no matter which terminal you're in. If you ever "want" to be delayed somewhere, it should be McCarran. As for arriving, there are limo options to the strip to beat the taxi lines that really aren't expensive, the taxi lines move very efficiently, even when looks can be disheartening, and luggage does not take long to get to the belt. It's about a 15 minute drive to the strip, so your vacation doesn't take long to begin.
3	There isn't particularly anything wrong with this airport there just isn't anything spectacular about it....well other than the most massive baggage claim terminal I have ever seen. My main gripe is the lack of good food options, when I am hungover, tired and ready to just go home and have to sit in the airport and wait for my flight while I am hungry it's not a pretty site. Having mainly fast food - and not very good fast food at that - I think there could be some improvement here.Oh...and quit with the smoking rooms, really it's disgusting.
4	I really like this airport. Being a vegas local, I have previously taken such a spacious airport with so many amenities for granted. All of that changed after flying overseas and realizing how good I had it! There are restaurants and Starbucks in every terminal. Also, this airport has various high-end gift shops (coach, MAC cosmetics, Pandora Jewelry, Brighton Collectibles, etc.), as well as the standard "Hudson News".
2	Not very organized. I'm glad I arrived 2 hours early because you know what might happen. It's a small airport but gets the job done. We don't need a palace of an airport just to catch a plane. LOL
4	Not a bad airport. Rarely have flight delays. The food vendors are decent. The only problem I have is the new baggage claim area. the shuttle brings you to the end opposite where the bags are being unloaded and this is a HUGE building. I guess it is prepping you for the walking distance between hotels on the strip...
4	This airport is great to fly in and out of.  It took about 15 minutes to go from checking in and through security.  Very efficient, especially with all the passengers that fly in/out. I've never had to wait long for a taxi and it's nice and close to the strip.  We paid about $17 from HGV Flamingo.It's spacious, has some eateries (Carl's Jr, Burger King, and restaurant) good wifi, moving walkways, and lots of recharge stations in Gate E area.   There are Best Buy and Benefit vending machines too.  Shops if you forgot to pick up a Vegas souvenir.The magazine/snack store charges quite a bit for water so I recommend going to one of the fast food places.  I went to the tea place and got it for $2.15, saving me a dollar! Slot machines were busy too, for those who still have money after Vegas.
3	Yeah, I guess if you're an airport connoisseur, then you would have a lot to say about the airports of the world. All I know is, I won some serious cash here on the slots before getting on my flight one time! So, maybe the slots aren't so tight at the airport as expected? It is one of those airports that you have to take the shuttle within the place because it's so big I guess. Last two times I went, I was disabled and their wheel walkers are the nicest people. If you do go in a chair, please tip them, they have to wheel your ass all over the place!
3	I'm laughing as I write this - looking at my scribbles ( yes I keep notes don't judge I'm old! )I remember the very first time I came to Las Vegas and I disembarked from the plane no more than 50 feet from the ramp I spied slot machines and I laughed and I laughed, got excited like a little girl and plenty in a few coins and I think I want to hundred bucks!  Glitz and flash just like the strip:) They get your money the moment you enter the state and they try to take your money as you leave the state.This airport is busy - oh my God busy. It's a mini Atlanta or a mini Chicago O'Hare airport. Security stinks - and speaking of stinking so does the  airport like old stale cigarettes, booze, and hang overs. Back to security - there are always long lines, security is slow - there are never enough beds and they don't refill. Take some feedback TSA McCarran let's tighten it up and get it together.The food situation is meh - lots of unhealthy, fast food crap. Not many restaurants pass a cutie which is a shame. The Wi-Fi is slow. Power outlets to charge phones are sparse. Hailing a taxi is a challenge. Okay so I have to say this - every airport facility needs to go visit PDX and TAKE NOTES do you see how a real city airport should be run. I'm just sayin.But hey it's Vegas - and we fly in with a great attitude and excitement of this being party central and we fly home sad, hung over and poor!!
4	For an airport this busy, during the holidays, service was great! Well-managed, well-manned. And clean! Glad I can use this airport often!
4	Quick and painless security checkout, plenty of eating options, a plentiful Duty Free Store, and helpful staff. I lost my boarding pass as my plane was boarding, but the cashier at the Starbucks suggested I use the courtesy phone. The clerk on the phone was very helpful, and informed me that the attendant at the boarding counter could print a new pass for me. Sure enough, I was on the plane within minutes!
3	Simple and fast, I can't say much more. You don't get all your fancy shops, but it has Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf. Though I think they should have those moving floors on both sides because you do have to walk quite a bit to go to your gate for SW. I wished their wifi worked better and wish they had filtered water. Security is nice and quick, you do have to take off your shoes if you have metal, which is a pain in the ass.
2	The TSA agents here are so rude and don't even give you an opportunity to put your items in the bin before they basically tell you to hurry up and push them through. The only reason I gave an extra star is because southwest has always been wonderful through any airport I have traveled through with them, which is many.
3	My experience flying in was different than flying out...Flying in:Flight delay got us there late. We were surprised to see the rows of slot machines all over the airport. The restroom was clean. The walk to baggage claim was a bit long. When we got to baggage claim, we had to wait for an hour for our luggage due to a malfunction on the carousel. After we got our bags, we headed out to find a taxi. I did not expect to find over 100 people in line for a taxi, but the staff kept the line moving well. After 20 minutes we got a taxi to our hotel (Luxor, about $24 bucks trip).Flying out:We found out we could take a bus to the airport (from in front of Tropicana hotel). We flew Southwest, so we stopped at the Terminal 1 stop. I was surprised by how large the check-in area was. It took us a little less than 10 minutes to walk from the bus stop to the Southwest airlines check-in. There was no one in line, so checking our bags was very quick. I had my boarding pass on my phone and the scanners at check in were having a hard time reading it. One of the Southwest airline reps came over to help me scan it and after about 20 attempts it went through. I would say that this experience was the fastest bag check I've encountered. During security, we got routed through the pre-screen line, so security was a breeze. Once we got into the terminal, I was surprised to see how many people were there. It was difficult finding seating, so we sat in a couple empty chairs in a nearby area. There were tons of restaurants and fast food places and various little shops. Every space was taken up by a shop, restaurant, slot machines, or a charging station. This has to be the most dog friendly airport because I saw almost 10 dogs being led on leashes inside the terminal. There were no comfy chairs...at all, so we were terribly uncomfortable. A lot of people were sitting on the floor, and some were even laying on the floor (which looked disgustingly dirty). There were only a couple of power outlets in the airport and they were all full with people sitting on the floor next to them to use them. I found it odd that they didn't place any outlets near the seating areas. We got moved at the last minute with a gate change, but the staff seemed efficient and kept us updated every step of the way. During our waiting, we did play some slots - there weren't really any good ones and they weren't very loose, but it was fun to sit and play while we waited.
3	Highlight(s) - Getting off the plane from LA to a not-so-crowded airport, grabbing a quick beer, shiny bright lights and those 'loose' slots janglin' 'n ranglin'.. while heading back home from Vegas we were part of an 'express' security check point that was properly coordinated, well structured and moved us through at a fairly fast pace. Sweet.Lowlight(s) - Smell't like Vegas, typical airport food n' drinks that cost an arm and a leg and restaurants / gift shops seemed to close around 10ish.. you know, around the time I showed up? I thought we were in Vegas?!I'll admit maneuvering through this airport was a breeze and locating where I needed to be was non-stressful. It's definitely not a huge airport by any means, but there's enough room to entertain and take care of the significant amount of travelers that move in and out of this place daily.See ya soon, McCarran.
3	All the restaurants close very early which is odd. I flew during Thanksgiving weekend and not one place was open at 10pm while the whole airport was bustling. Made no sense. Also, there were barely any outlets and the charging stations are always full and not worth the wait line.
3	Not my fave airport, the AA terminal is remote so you have to take a train, which adds time. Security is a cluster, with the Pre-check line poorly signed. No admiral's club, but they do have a nice Amex lounge if you have a Platinum card. Also, slot machines everywhere, so you can try to make your fortune on the way home!
4	Why wait until you hit the strip to start to gamble, might as well try your luck as soon as you get hop off the plane..right? Has to be one of the cooler airports just cause a few minutes outside is the famous strip and you can gamble (not a gambler but still a cool feature). Seems to be a pretty good size airport (didn't really take the time to walk through it all) with some decent food choices. If you have a rental car you will need to hop on a 5 minute shuttle ride to the compound that houses all of the agencies. The shuttles are constantly running but no worries the weather is amazing so you got nothing to complain about while you wait and just take it all in. I have been to this airport a few times and never have had an issue with security lines, always seem to go by really quick regardless of the time flying out, so no need to be there way ahead of time, unless you plan on trying your luck with a machine or two at the gate.
1	Worst airline, worst customer service. Pretty sure this airline will not be around in the future due to its bad business practices.
4	I must say this is one of my favorite airport! I've been told that I feel this way because I'm entering in the newest terminal but who cares?It's always clean and brand new. This airport always smells like money to me. I enjoy seeing the different food eateries and shops. If there's anything you might need, you will probably find it in the Las Vegas Airport. I'm already excited that they're building a MAC counter in the middle of the terminal. Just in case you forget your Ruby Woo red lipstick...
4	Seems like any other airport (at least Terminal 3/E gates), except there are slot machines everywhere and they play country music (my ears cry in agony).Waiting for our flight to Mexico City.  I have to pretend I speak Spanish so I can be seated in an emergency row (more leg room!!)
4	This is a nice and efficient airport. Baggage claim is a bit far away otherwise not much to complain about. Allegiant is terrible but cheap of course. Dont drink you last nite in town for a better flight.
3	It's a bit flashy and a lot trashy, and I'm totally fine with that.Leave it to Vegas to prioritize slot machines, glitzy welcome signs, and tourism hoards over the practical needs of an airport, like clearly-marked signs, good food options, and lots of charging stations.McCarran does have some good stuff going for it too: friendly people everywhere, a quick check-in and security, and free wifi.
3	Busy. Crowded. Populated. Slot machines. Alcohol. Cigarette lounges.... Need I say more?!? It's Las Vegas and you will find tons of people, and lots of stuff stuff happening. This airport isn't your average airport!  You'll see drunk ratchet hung over people randomly lighting cigarettes in areas they aren't supposed to, sports teams coming through, young kids running around, bachelorette and bachelor entourages etc. One thing I can guarantee is that you will not be bored watching the mass amounts of people here.  Also be prepared to have to wait in line somewhere at some point while you are in this airport whether it be the bathroom or for food.  It's something you can't avoid.
3	I like this airport for my layovers than other airports as you can preoccupy yourself with the slot machine or the bars.  It is Vegas.  I wonder though if anyone actually wins.  Each terminal is pretty small compared to other airports' terminals, which makes it easy to walk around without getting too tired or without being late for your connection flight.  They have a few charging stations and of course Ethel M chocolates!The airport appears old.  Since it's also smaller, there are not a lot of seats and the seats are uncomfortable, so it sucks when you fly in or out of here.  It can get crowded and claustrophobic quick, so it's almost better to go to the bars/restaurants.  I always see people sitting on the ground bc there are not enough seats.  As mentioned by others, the taxi line can be long.  I think that's a given anywhere.  I suggest calling a shuttle company.  Shared shuttles are cheaper too and you can get a discount if you schedule a roundtrip vs one way.
4	This is a great airport. I'm not sure why people don't like it but, boo hoo to them. Its large but not too large. They have many different options for food. They have planes here, I'm not really sure what else to say. It's clean. I don't have any complaints.
1	Nothing good to say about this airport. Terrible selection of seemingly always understaffed restaurants and bars (i.e. Home Team Sports in terminal b, what a joke), total lack of charging areas so people are scattered on the floor along hallways plugged into outlets next to restrooms, ridiculously inconvenient access between terminals c and b if you have a transfer, the list goes on. Sadly, if you are here, it's probably because you need to fly on a plane and you have no choice. So grab a shot with your beer and enjoy a cold prepackaged sandwich out of a cooler. Cheers.
3	PROS:1. Easy to find.2. Provides shuttle bus and trams 3. Gamble on some slot machines while you wait!4. Restaurants, Bars, and Shops for you to eat/shop while you wait!CONS:1. Smaller airport than what I'm used to.2. Expensive food/drink prices.3. Not enough chairs to accommodate all travelers at each gate4. A bit unorganized because they are constantly switching flights to different gates at last minute notice. 5. No outlets on the chairs to charge your cellphones/electronics.6. Airport could use an update on carpet and lighting. Looks a bit old and run down.
2	I have to say, to start, that I am biased. I love small airports, and only small airports. Anything more than 10 gates and I'm irritated and overwhelmed. So McCarran is absolutely not my cup of tea. It's massive--and I've only had the (dis)pleasure of experiencing 1 of the terminals. It takes a long time to get your bags. It's a long walk to get anywhere. Plus there are slot machines everywhere which annoy me to no end. One personal experience led this review to be bad rather than just mediocre. I was on a layover and trying to catch a couple minutes of my illustrious university's football game. I stopped by a small bar and asked if they could switch the channel, mostly because it was basically empty and nobody was watching the televisions at all. The bartender acted all put upon that I--a customer--wanted a game that I wanted to watch on the tv! Imagine that! He was all snippy and acted like I was being super demanding about it. To add insult to injury, one of his coworkers made a derogatory comment about my school which, if you know me, is just about the worst thing you can do to me. So maybe it's small or unfair of me, but that experience made me decide not to give this airport the benefit of the doubt. If that bartender hadn't been a turd, I would've given a higher rating. Go ahead and hate me if you want.Also, tip from the big sis who lives here: A taxi to the strip should be about $15 and should not involve a freeway. If it does, you're being "long-hauled" and you need to call the taxi commission (the number will be inside the cab) and it's a massive fine for your cheating cab driver. So watch out.
3	Everything was fine and quick except TSA. And good God, could they be more annoying? We had the great pleasure of dealing with one guy who obviously thought he was saving the world. He went on and on. Shouting stuff non-stop...and I mean NON STOP. He never shut up. It also took forever to get through. Other than that....greeeeeaaattt airport.../sarcasm
3	Great airport if you take away the slot machines or provide headphones for the gamblers. Free Wifi, clean bathrooms, and transportation to terminals is plenty. Good restaurants as well.
4	I guess it's been a while since I bellied up to a slot machine, they don't take coins anymore.  Was going to get rid of my lose change!
5	Five stars! Hell yeah! Easy in and out of.  I can gamble while I wait, whats not to love?  Or I can shop or eat or drink.  Gluttony starts at the Vegas airport and I like it!
3	If you want to feel lost and confused, I think you'll have fun in the  Las Vegas airport. There aren't many signs that indicate where pick up areas are. You think you find it...then you're told you need to take a shuttle bus for 15 mins to get the the other side. Yes. Very disorganized. But, that's the only disfunction. It's a relatively big airport. There are slots to welcome you to this fun city or to occupy you as you wait to board. They are located right across from the gates. There are also plenty of resturants, quick eateries and coffee joints. Starbucks galore.The bathrooms are also very clean.And there are trams located in the airport that shoot you to your terminal/gate.Enjoy :)
5	I have flown to this airport quite a bit because of many Vegas excursions. Why it has never occurred to me to review airports is beyond me. Well at least I have come to my senses now. Anywho what can I say I like this airport. It has slot machines in it which is completely badass. You get one last shot at some bug buck before you go and it does help pass the time while waiting for flights. Ok I am going to break this down now. Security:We all have to take our shoes off and go through security. That can either be a very painful experience or it can be easy. Even though it is unpredictable I can say for all the times I have come here it has been easy. they have a system and they know how to move people through security quickly. the agents there really do not want to waste any time. They just wanna get people through and on their way. The only delays really come from people who are not prepared. Restaurants and shops:This airport has plenty of restaurants and shops. They have the small little generic gift shops and they also have really nice high end type stores where you can get clothes, shoes and handbags. They have a good mix of fast food type places and sit down type places. Be aware that they charge airport prices though so get ready to pay more. Navigation:This airport is really easy to navigate through. They have plenty of signs pointing you in the right direction. It is hard to get lost here. they have plenty of elevators, moving walkways, and escalators to help you get where you are going faster as well. Also getting out is easy. They have one area for people picking you up, another for taxis, and another for shuttles. It is very easy to get in and out. Overall this is a great airport. It has plenty of things to do and they keep ya moving.
3	OK as far as airports go. If you have trusted traveler, you can get through the security line much faster. Otherwise you will be waiting a long time. Yes you can gamble in the airport but I'm not sure it's a great idea either on the way in or the way out.
3	This is probably the best airport for people watching. Where else do you have both slot machines, indoor smoking rooms and liquor stores?! The people headed to Vegas are all bright eyed and excited, while those leaving Vegas are seemingly always on the opposite side of the spectrum. Never will you see such a contrast in faces and attitudes than you will here. As for the actual airport, I find it in need of a few upgrades. It always smells of old cigarettes and tragedy. The look and feel is very dated. Seems to always be some type of renovation happening but not much seems to get done. In the old part of the airport the bathrooms seem to always have the porta-potty smell. If it wasn't for the amazing people watching, I'm sure my review would be worse...
3	Food here isn't great as far as options go. Rarely ever win at the machines either so I'd prob not play them too often.
4	Airports in general are awful, but this airport wasn't too bad. The car rentals are off site, but the buses are on a frequent schedule. The drivers are notably more polite than the ones back home in DC! My husband jokingly asked the driver if she'd want to come back to DC with us.It's amusing that there are slots in the terminals. When you're waiting for your flight to begin boarding, it's not a bad way to kill time.
3	So. Many. Slot. Machines. EVERYWHERE. There is definitely no lack of entertainment if you have some time to kill although you may walk out dollars lighter.There is also an American Express Centurion Lounge here.As of December 2014, Las Vegas has temporarily suspended Uber so you are forced to take one of their taxis (if nobody is picking you up or you can't do public transportation).
2	This airport really pisses me off! With the shear volume of people who travel to Vegas and travel through here they really should have a superior airport. First off the staff tend to be on the rude side, There is no need for that! Then because there are not enough slot machines in the gambling hole the airport thought it would be a fantastic idea to put in not just a few but TONS of them. Needless to say the amount of gambling machines strategically placed means that they have very little seating for their actual customers who are using the services of the AIRPORT! If I need to wait for an hour or two for my flight I would like to actually sit and wait for my flight. I could see this being the case in a much smaller less busy airport where they wouldn't need as much seating but come on McCarran! Haven't you guys made enough cash?!? I'm not saying you don't have to have any slots just that you should have some consideration for you customers and their comfort. What about just having them outside the freaking gates, like the hallways? Lord knows there are enough LONG hallways between Concourses. What's with the air conditioning? I'm literally baking in the sun because you have windows everywhere and NOTHING on them to help shield the desert sun from directly baking your customers. Perhaps you have not realized that your airport is located in the middle of the desert! Airports like the one in Indianapolis Indiana have large windows for your viewing comfort but they have also placed decorative clings that have unique designs to help shield their customers from the bright heat. How have you determined where you place your eating establishments? Seems they are mostly places in the C concourse. Hum.... What about the people in A & B? Maybe move some freaking gambling machines and slap in some food establishments! Guess what!? Either way you still make money. Don't get me wrong, I like to gamble and have a good time but this airport sucks all around. The only reason they are not getting 1 star is because it tends to be a bit cheaper to fly in here. Over all though, You SUCK McCarran International Airport! Shame on you for putting your greed above your customers.
3	I took an early Delta flight in this airport. There is a long line before the check-in counter. The manager breaks the line several times and make those in the bottom to stand before the ones in the front. I have no idea what is the motive behind this arrangement. I stand in the front part of the line, but waited more than an hour to get my bag checked-in. This is truly a not so happy experience.
2	I would love to give this airport more stars because we are there so much but sadly it seems to be fading in my eyes.With the amount of people who go through there daily, it really needs updated.  While I enjoy the stores and shopping opportunities, they are really in need of more food choices and room.There are always people sitting on the floor because there is not enough seating. (and the carpeting is really dirty)  Also it is time to put in some outlets so the masses do not trip over the people sprawled out on the floor hovering near the outlets like moths to a flame.The walkways are really narrow so no matter which way you are walking you feel like you are swimming upstream.  I used to really love this airport but it really has deteriorated over the years.I do love the location to the strip, once you get a taxi you are generally at your hotel lobby in 15-20 minutes.
4	Probably one of my favorite airports that I have been to thus far.  It's the only one that I have been to that has a tremendously long taxi line with line queues and everything, and slot machines for you right when you step off the plane.  Food is great here and the TSA screeners are funny and can be nice.A fun sight to see whenever you're departing are the people "resting" from the over partying from the night before.  Always a great laugh.
4	This airport is huge compared to the ones in California.  Everything is clean and there are a lot of stores to roam around in when you're waiting to board your plan.
3	McCarran is quite interesting as you wont see slot machines all over at any other airports. Pretty much they are trying to take every last bit you have left.The airport is quite clean and nice to relax. The food choices are not that many but it does have free wifi and lot of plug in to charge your electronic devices. Rental car return area is a little bit away near the Las Vegas South Premium Outlets but they do have a shuttle service to the airport. It gets uncomfortable when you have bigger heavier luggage.
3	I am always surprised this airport is not more fancy with Vegas/Asian  style services, bars, lounges, sleep pods, modern gambling apparatus, foot massage  and decent food.  The addition of the Liquor Library is nice but expensive, still in a pinch that extra $10 on top of all the prices is worth it....right....in case you want a cozy night in.
