4	Being a Seattle-native, I'd never even heard of Ted's until two Tempe natives mentioned this hot dog hot spot.All of our food was prepared fast and it was quite delicious. Even though they're famous for their hot dogs, I opted for the corn dog (which was amazing). Personally, I think the best thing at Ted';s is their onion rings. I don't even like onions, but I ran across McClinktock Drive to get Ted's rings to bring back to another dining establishment.Happy Hot Dog Adventures to you all!
5	You'll always be satisfied with the quality of Ted's food and services.  Their menu is simple, and they grill everything right in front of you to your liking.  I recommend ordering one of their famous hot dogs, but their burgers are just as delicious.  And the next time you find yourself at Ted's, do yourself a favor and order their made-from-scratch onion rings.  They're hands-down the best in town!
5	I've never wanted a camera phone more than when waiting in the excessively long line for lunch at Ted's Hot Dogs.  Because no one would believe me that I was waiting in a line like this for HOT DOGS when there was no baseball game in the vicinity.  But then I tasted the dog's and now I understand completely, and I'll be waiting in line again some time soon.Ted's was founded in 1927 for one purpose only - great hot dogs.  That has now expanded to about 4 different kind of dogs, burgers, fries and shakes.  The burgers and dogs are all cooked over a charcoal grill so it has that home cooked on the BBQ kind of taste.  They also have their own hot sauce that can be used on the burgers and dogs.  I had to try it and it's really yummy.  Just enough spice, but not too much.  Their Onion Rings were amazing, but I'm never getting them again when I'm alone!  They give a huge amount of them too.  They aren't thick cut, but instead cut exceptionally thin and served  squished into this funky origami with a base kind of serving thing.  You'll understand when you go. I haven't tried their shake yet, but it's made w/ real milk and ice cream, so you know I have to get it one of these days soon!  Last note - their service is amazing.  Talk about a well run machine.  Girl working the grill is yelling out into the line to find out what they want so it can get started before they even approach the counter!  Another guy doing drinks and special orders.  Another girl doing toppings. Another girl manning the fryer.   And one guy ringing it all up.  These people didn't stop moving for a second the whole time I was here.  Really outstanding.  Almost as good as those dogs....
5	I used to love this place when I lived in AZ....the brats were amazing and even the burgers and curly fries were good.  Not too healthy, but then again, you don't think about that kind of stuff when you go to a hot dog restaurant.
5	I used to live next door to Ted's and I had to have it at least once a week. The hot dogs are fantastic, the onion rings are delicious, corn dogs are superb. Fries could be better though. Only downside: They only accept cash so a ER trip to the ATM may be in order.
5	Best hot dogs and onion rings ever!  I'm in love with their shakes.  They are so creamy and smooth, made with real ice cream.  The loganberry shake is my favorite.  I'm not exactly sure what a loganberry is or what it looks like, but it's mighty tasty in a shake!
5	Ted's has the best hotdogs in Arizona, bar none.The line at lunch can be a little long, but it is worth the wait.  You can't go wrong with a jumbo all beef and an order of onion rings.
3	Visiting the Phoenix area, I wanted to try something that Phoenix yelpers raved about and Ted's Hot Dogs appeared with a 4-5 star rating from 7 yelpers!  We were excited about a place that serves up hot dogs and warrants five stars!Even though they sold burgers and sandwiches, you have to order some type of sausage or dog when that's what they are famed for.  My friend and I opted for the Polish Sausage ($3.25), the BF chose the Bratwurst ($3.29), and my other friend went for their Regular Hot Dog ($2.05).  I read about their fabulous milkshakes, so chose a Chocolate Shake ($3.05) and their amazing Onion Rings ($2.59).I requested all the sausages and dogs to be loaded up with everything, which looked like it included onions, peppers, a pickle spear, relish, ketchup, and mustard.  I must admit, they did look a bit smaller than what I'm used to.  And the cashier couldn't tell the difference between the Polish Sausage and the Bratwurst.In terms of the hot dog, my friend was not impressed. He said the hot dog itself tasted like any other hot dog, but he did like all the fixings on top.  The polish sausage tasted a lot better than the bratwurst in my opinion.  You can see lots of spices and stuff in the polish sausage, but there wasn't enough kick for my tastes.The chocolate milkshake was thick and made from real ice cream.  Their onion rings reminded me of an onion blossom because of their thin batter.  I wished they had a different kind of dipping sauce for it instead of ketchup.Overall, my experience at Ted's Hot Dogs was just okay.  Maybe it's a locals thing and you have to be a true local to really appreciate their hot dogs and sausages.  I guess I just had a little more in mind.Sidenote: Cash onlyTotal cost: Less than $19.00 (You can see the photo of everything we ordered in the business profile pics!)
5	Well, I'm not from Tempe or the Desert or Buffalo at all and I LOVE TED'S! I've lived and traveled all across our country, Canada and Mexico and the dog's at Ted's are about the best. Coming a close 2nd is the Texas Hot Lunch in Hanover, Pennsyltucky near Gettysburg. Cooked over a flame right in front of you, I usually get a All Beef  (or 2) with chili & cheese and crispy fries made the same way. Their chili is so tasty, it makes you want to send to a chemist to get the recipe. The rush's run at different times, too, so be prepared to wait for your dog, it's worth it. Oh, and as mentioned, bring cash, although there is a Bank of America ATM in the same parking lot.
4	Grab yourself a white hot, or whatever other flame broiled tube steak that does it for you, and have a seat.  Wait, get some fries or rings with that.Like a dinner and a show?  While you're waiting in line, you get to watch the grill masters at their culinary best.I thought Buffalo NY was known for chicken wings and grain elevators, but apparently they know a thing or two about serving up and incredible meat-by-product encased in sheepskin (actually, I think its the small intestine of sheep).  So far, I haven't gotten any dogs which are ribbed (for my or anyone else's pleasure).Come out and get a taste of Buffalo, because if you like hot dogs, then you'll love what Ted's has to offer.-Swoop
4	My heart is mostly hard, particularly in places where the arteries have closed and the ventricles seized around a blockage of unknown fatty matter.   I'm fairly certain that I will die before age 40, of some hard-hearted condition related to my perpetual consumption of fatty foods.   For this reason it is perhaps ironic that the one soft spot in my otherwise much-maligned heart is for hot dogs and burgers cooked over an open flame. It's no surprise then that I'll be going back to Ted's.  Like a phillistine, I had a chesseburger but it was tasty.  The onion rings are also good, much more to my taste than traditional O-rings.   Long lines and no ranch makes for 4, rather than 5 stars.  But the staff was friendly, the food priced right and the ambiance fun and lively.  I definitely recommend Ted's.
4	They have a real grill. With FIRE! Take cash, because that's all they accept. I did it up right with a dog basket and vanilla milk shake.The line seemed long, but they've got such a system that it moved really quick.
5	OH GOD, oh god do I miss this place ;)The burnt crackling skin falling off my dog, the crispy yum of the onion rings....now I know WHY i gained them 45 lbs when I lived here.But oh how great it was.....I miss you Ted, I truly do!
5	Do you like going to the county fair?  Are you from back east?  Do you just like eating something that tastes so good that you know it's bad for you?  If you're nodding your head, you'd like Ted's.What do you need to know about a hot dog restaurant?  Well, first you need to know what you want.  I've seen people walk in the door and immediately be asked, "what are you having sir?"  In addition to regular hotdogs, they've got footlongs, jumbo all-beef, white hots (veal & pork), bratwurst, polish sausage, italian sausage, and burgers.You also need to know what you want on it- and this place has lots of options.  Ketchup, mustard, hot sauce (sweet and peppery), onions, relish, dill pickle spears, pickled peppers and onions, sauerkraut, chili, and nacho cheese are all available.But the most important thing you have to know is that they ONLY TAKE CASH.  If you screw up and order food without having the green to pay for it, they might hold it for you while you run a quarter-mile across the parking lot to the ATM.  But wouldn't you rather just be part of the cool crowd who can read the giant signs on the doors that read "CASH ONLY"?
4	Great service and great dogs.  My only issue is its a cash only place, although if I was running that same business I would probably do the same.Get there early for lunch because if fills up fast.
4	Loved the blistered skin of the dogs from the charbroiling that they do right in front of you.  Well worth the wait.
5	As good as a hot dog gets! This place has been around a long time, and for good reason. Char-grilled top-quality meats right from Buffalo NY.Must try the foot-long-dog (with tons of toppings) and the savory onion rings. The brat and the Italian sausage are also fantastic!It can get pretty busy at lunch. I suggest visiting at slightly off-peak hours.
5	I miss this place!!!!Best place ever!! The onion rings! The brats!! YUM
5	Ok.  I'm from Buffalo.  I spent many, many drunken teenage nights at Ted's!  I was ECSTATIC to find one right here in the Valley!Sahlen's hot dogs...my mouth waters thinking about them!  They are REAL dogs, with the skin still at the ends.  When you go, ask for Weber's mustard instead of crappy French's.  Weber's is a small factory in Western NY that still does everything by hand.  It's a horseradish mustard and the best!Their onion rings are dunked and fried right in front of your eyes.  Not too much batter, and you can actually taste the onion.Expect a line.  Anytime, day or night, it's packed!  THAT is how good this place is!I love going, just to read the walls while waiting in line.  It takes me back home to Buffalo.  A place I will never in my life go visit again, but at least I can eat the food I grew up with!
5	Ted's rules.  Great char-grilled hot dogs, killer onion rings, and a great atmosphere all add up to a good old dog-eatin' experience.
4	Since I live in Tempe, I attempt to find good places to grab quick noshes that are NOT chain or fast food joints. One of my favs is Ted's or a dog, white hot, or polish. All of them great fresh charbroiled and smothered in Teds famous chili sauce, onions and mustard. The onion rings and corn dogs are winners too.One recommendation to a first timer. Take cash and do not go at lunch. Really packed with long lines at lunch. My only other knock is the weak soft drink selection.Ted's is so good that Z's Chicago dog opened across the street and lasted all of three months as nobody went. If  Z's opened in any hood in town they would've rocked but not against Ted's of Buffalo.
4	Wow. I first ate at Ted's about 7 years ago and absolutely hated it, but I drove by this evening, thought about all of those positive reviews on Yelp, and decided to step inside. It was pretty damn good.One thing though, if they're going to serve quality hot dogs and bratwursts, they should really offer something better than that yellow French's mustard to put on it. You don't drink a screw-cap wine when you have a good meal, and you shouldn't put that kiddie mustard on a good brat. This place will be strictly 'to go' orders for me, and I'll use the good German mustard in my fridge.
5	I love this place. It's cash only, but there is an ATM.Once you walk in, the grill is usually cooking some hotdogs and the smell hits you right away.They have all sorts of incarnations of hotdogs and have a great selection of condiments and fixings to go on top.All the ingredients are top notch quality. I usually go with the Bratwurst, but you can't really go wrong. The onions and peppers are a great touch, with the sauce being the best part. I'm pretty sure they sell it by the bottle. The same guy is working away at the grill everytime I've been, and he is definitely the best at grilling dogs I've witnessed. *Mental note - Pick up a bottle next trip*
5	Even though I'm from Chicago and love Vienna Hot dogs, you can't go wrong with Teds.  You are overcome by the open fire grill the minute you walk in the door.  Everything is home made.  I love the foot long and brats.  When I'm not watching my weigh, the onion rings and fries are great too.
5	Best Feature: The FootlongThe almighty mecca of truth and love and minced pigs!!!  How can you NOT give this a 5 star!?  Fie on you all who doubt the raw power of the Ted's Hotdog!!!
3	Geez!  I've been dreading this review for the last couple of hours.  If this is the last review you see from me, it is because I have upset someone and they have killed me.Cash Only? WTF! The hot dogs are barely good (flinches, looks over shoulder).  YEAH I SAID IT!  Its not so much the food I have a problem with, its the staff and the hype.I mean, I had a feeling it wouldn't live up to the hype.  How could it?  Its a hot dog joint that has the reputation of a 5 Star restaurant.  The dogs are good. Thats it, good.  The staff and functionality of the restaurant, however, was not. Plus, they charged me for an extra order of fries! Hey! My 20 month old can't eat two orders of fries!I ate at Ted's for lunch on Sunday with my wife.  We both got the Jumbo All Beef dog with all the toppings (Catsup, Mustard, Onions, Relish, and a Pickle)... The problem was, while in line for only 5 minutes the staff managed to screw up 3 different orders.  That was like 40% screw up!  They were not apologetic, and the customers were getting irate!  This isn't the atmosphere I look for when eating lunch.  Irate customers and hasty cooks are not a good combo.  The onion rings were just a knot of messy fried mystery.  Don't get me wrong, I ate them!Unfortunately, I can't give this place more than 3 stars.  And with this review I will be buying a handgun for protection.
2	My family went to Ted's this weekend. We have been avoiding it because we dislike cash only establishments, unfortunately we can now avoid it because we don't much care for Ted's. I am from Upstate NY and I definately want to support bringing culturally pleasing (to me) food out to the desert. Knowing Ted's is from "back home" (since 1929), this encouraged me to break with our no cash only policy, besides I had to know if their hot dogs were better than the ones I import from Rochester to Arizona a few times a  year. It's expensive to bring Zweigles (since 1880) to Arizona and if there is a local replacement I was ready to find out.First the ordering of our food was confusing. The person on the grill heard the first two items and then started talking to others in line to take their orders and I wasn't done yet. It wasn't like I paused, it was like he just heard all he wanted from me and moved on. I had to interrupt the ordering going on after me and say, Hey! I'm not done yet. This annoyed him, obviously. But I couldn't believe it when I started to order the rest, It didn't seem like he was paying any attention becuase mid sentance he started talking cheese with the people in front of me!  Ahem... we need two white hots, two footlongs, two corn dogs, three medium logenberry's, a chocolate shake and an onion ring please...Next thing I know we are at the condiment section and the guy is putting stuff on my dogs I haven't even told him yet what I want on them!  Excuse me, I want to put Weber's mustard on that white hot. The grill guy yells over to me, "We don't use Weber's, if you don't want yellow you can pump out the spicy mustard over by the straw station." They don't use the mustard they are advertising in the window? They don't have the spicy mustard at their own condiment station? In the meantime the register girl has already totalled my order and my order hasn't even been made yet, so of course it's not correct. I said, it's not all here yet. This puzzled her. I said I am still waiitng for the corn dogs, the drinks , the onion rings and the chocolate shake. She started over and came up with a second total, also wrong. The shake came in a tiny size, they said they are one size only. Who knew.  The register girl screwed up the change as well. Good thing I didn't just swipe a card and get screwed not paying attention.We got to the table determined to see if the food was worth the aggravation. Since the toppings were not done right and the onion rings were very undercooked and a gnarled mess I was really hoping the white hot dogs flavor would kick ass. This was my main reason for coming. It was a decent dog, but it was not better than the ones I have shipped in to my house.  Amazingly enough the best tasting of the dogs we bought were the corndogs! What a surprise. But not worth driving out to Ted's and having cash ready for them. As for the shake, it rivaled McDonalds to me and I'd be happier getting a mondo size Chocolate Peanut Butter delight from Lenny's.So for atmosphere, service, food and cost it just doesn't rate more than the two stars I gave it. Looks like I haven't found a way to replace my multi year shipment for back east brats, dogs, etc. with a local alternative. Sorry Ted's.
4	mmmm, Ted's is sooo good! I love their onion rings. Great hot dogs too.My complaints about Ted's, they only accept cash. I never carry cash, so I rarely eat at Ted's and anytime I go there is a huge line, but I can deal with that, they try and get everyone through pretty quickly.
5	Thank god for Ted's Hot Dogs!  There is nothing better in life than a charbroiled hot dog with tasty onion rings and a soda.  My cohorts at work turned me onto Ted's and I kept it secret from my wife.  Yes, I'm that cruel.  Then one Sunday morning we were watching one of those Top 10 Hot Dog shows on the Food Network or Travel Channel.  She said to me, "I wish we could have a great hot dog today."  I broke down and wept, confessing my multiple sins of all the times I tip toed to Ted's to enjoy a chili footlong dog and an all beef dog with the works. She, loving me, immediately hit me a couple of times about the head, and said "Get dressed bitch - lunch is on you."  Now, if you ever meet Marie, you'll come to know that she is sweet and understanding, but on that day, I found one of her few limits.  Needless to say, we had a great experience at Ted's that Sunday.REMEMBER:  They only take cash.  No debit cards, no credit cards, no bartering.
4	Really great hot dogs and onion rings! It's a little piece of the east coast in Tempe. Expect a long wait and be ready to order when it's your turn.
4	This place is a must for the true Buffalo (the City) style hotdog lover, plain simple, yet satisfying.  But be prepared, this place does not do any other Transaction besides hard earned Cash!!BTW there is an BofA ATM machine a stone thow away.
5	Not many places that you can go and get a natural casing charred white hot dog outside of western NY.Folks I know from Western NY love this place, and I have to agree (even though I'll still take a good Chicago dog any day).I know where I'll be going if I ever have an itch for a white hot. :)
5	For me nothing beats a great hot dog and that what Ted's is all about. The charbroiled dogs there are the best in town and keep me coming back over and over. The onion rings also will knock your socks off if you're into fried tasty goodness. The burgers are legit too, but get a dog and you'll never forget it.
4	hot dog was very very good.didnt care for the italian sausage at  all.hamburger was pretty good.If i go back, it will be hot dogs and id try the bratwurst.the cook is very good but the girls dressing the food and the one getting the drinks dont have a clue whats going on. i almost took a star away becuz of them
3	I am donning my flame suit now...I did not enjoy Ted's. I did not enjoy my hot dog. I did not enjoy my trip there that much. I got a footlong because I was that hungry. I ate about a 1/4 of it...and am still slightly hungry. The bun was too crusty, they drowned it in ketchup so much that the bun was breaking at the bottom where it joined....That and some of the customers were just...RUDE. I got shoved out of the way by granny with a terrible bun on the top of her head. I had to curb my initial reaction of pulling out my scissors to cut it. I CUT YOU!  We were also getting the stink eye from someone who had ZERO rights to be giving us that kind of glare with her robin's egg blue eyeshadow. She was so 70s that she's just barely back in style...and failed in her attempt at putting on her black cake eyeliner like Cleopatra. I guess these people were hungry or something...but no need to knock me over and shove my husband in your bid to get the hot dawg in yer tummy!Rudeness and oddball people aside, I found the actual workers extremely friendly and courteous -- that made the whole experience a lot more redeeming. I loooved their fries. Best damn fries I've ever had. They made up for that mess of a hot dog. Hubby had the onion rings. OH.MY.GOD. Best goddamn motherf****ing onions rings e v a r -- E V A R  --- EVARRR!!1!!!!The smell alone of the place made my mouth water, but the hot dog made me so sad. Maybe I'll try it again, but I'll make sure to go when the freaks aren't out..For now, Ted's gets 3 stars. I'd have given them 2, but they serve Pepsi (woot!!!) and their fries and onion rings gave me happy tummy, even if their hot dogs fell short of what I was expecting...
5	I especially enjoy the dogs extra grilled so they're nice and blackened. Their french fries dipped in that cheese sauce are also a guilty pleasure. I love the place, although I haven't been in awhile I used to often. I've enjoyed the footlong and regular dogs, although the jumbo all-beef dogs are thicker and don't lend themselves to having the right consistency when charred. I'll take my non-all-beef hot dog complete with hooves and other weird animal parts, I'm sure, thanks. :)
3	On my way to the Airport, I decided to stop at Ted's for a bite to eat.  Being that I live really close to this place, and have never tried it before, I thought this would be a prime time to check this place out.Well, it was alright.  Nothing special on the interior, and even though I was not blown away by my experience here, I really did enjoy myself.  We waited in line, and I ordered a jumbo beef hot dog, with Chili.  Austin got a sausage, with some of the fixings, and fries.  We both liked it, and I plan on returning again soon.  Pretty good!
5	With family in upstate New York, I grew up with trips to Ted's while visiting back east.  The charcoal grilled hot dogs always tasted sooo good.  In high school, I discovered that Ted's had a location in Tempe, only a bit away from my parent's house in Mesa.  The yumminess of the food definitely translated west of the Mississippi.  Everything is so good and has that awesome taste of being grilled and perhaps fried (like the fries and onion rings)  without being too heavy.I love standing in line, calling out my order when asked, buying Weber's mustard (I haven't found it sold anywhere else in Arizona), drinking fountain rootbeer that has a kick, looking at the Buffalo, NY paraphenalia that decorates the walls. On the trays, there is a paper with a quiz that I pretty much have memorized.  I know, from the quiz, that Ted's uses 7 million pickle spears per year.  I also always laugh with my friends over the easiest question on the quiz: "True or False; there is a Ted's Hotdogs location in Tempe, AZ" (the quiz was clearly written for my Ted's friends to the east).It gets pretty crowded at lunchtime and stays that way through the afternoon.  I would suggest going slightly before noon or after 2:30pm.
2	Obviously there have been a lot of great reviews of Ted's here. And this is not one of them. I was not blown away by my hot dog with mustard, onions and relish. It was ok. Honestly, I have made better ones. The relish tasted like the stuff out of the jar and the hot dog's flavor was nothing spectacular.Their fries are good, better than average. The onion rings are good, too, and better than average.The place has a great feel to it. From the food counter where you order and see your food prepared, to where it is handed off and they put whatever you want on your hot dog, sauerkraut, mustard, relish, onions, etc., to the memorabilia on the wall and the awards from the mid-80's for best hot dog place.But, I have to say, sorry Ted, it just wasn't that great. I would go back and eat there again, after all it wasn't bad. But I am not going to miss it if I don't make it back there ever again. There are plenty of places I have had a better dog, including Trader Joe's Fearless Franks grilled at home. Call me a hot dog snob, but Ted's just didn't cut the mustard.
3	Pretty tasty dogs.  Pretty long wait for a hot dog.
3	Not too many Hot Dog joints around so it's easy to say it's one of the better ones.Just a little pricey (for a hot dog)... but it's a CASH ONLY place!!! What the crap is up with that? Ted, you gotta fix that. I don't even carry cash anymore.That said, the rings and fries a better than average. They'll fix you a good shake.And they fire roast it up right in front of your eyes.I would give it 4 start on taste alone, but the cash only and usually long lines bring it back just a little bit.
3	*** note: they accepted plastic when i went.......the man wuz in the mood 4 chili and cheez.  in that case i'm happy 2 oblige since he's a part-time vegetarian (pescetarian).  *evil grin.  the online menu said they had a fried fish sammich, but it wasn't posted on their menu when we got there.  *bigger evil grin.   i don't know wut kinda freak gets a brat w/chili and cheese, but he did along with a one-footer.  i got a polish.   decent stuff.  i noticed they use Aunt Hattie's potato buns..... Aunt Hattie makes some goodarse sliced bread so i wuz pleased with that.  also, they use real charcoal, not just a gas grill.  double plus.  ahhh....... the taste of carcinogens on greasy chargrilled mechanically separated pork/beef processed products.    ; Dthe onion rings........ very different from what i usually expect.  they were decent, but shredded thin........ i personally like them in decent sized rings.   ok....... so good dogs.....  but not nething out of the ordinary i couldn't make @home, besides my laziness.
4	Ahhhhh Ted's............Ted's is my second favorite Hot Dog joint.  My order has not changed in the 6 years I have been going there.  Two reg dogs, one with chili mustard, and onions the other with hot sauce, mustard, and onions.  an order of onion rings and a chocolate shake round it all out.It tastes the same every time (delicious) and you can't beat the price or ambiance.  I love when you're sandwiched between a couple in their 70's and a family with small kids, everyone just enjoying Americana.Ted's does it right, enjoy!
5	As far as hot dogs go this place PWNS all. Nothing better than a wonderful grilled hot dog. This place is simple and yummy! I have also had the grilled chicken sandwich was amazing. If you live here and like hot dogs but haven't been to Ted's you need to re-evaluate your life and get a hold of yourself.
5	If Teds existed in the burgeoning void of sanity that is know as Los Angeles it would be called Pinks and people would wait in lines around the building for two hours to eat here.  Thank Christ it doesn't because you can stroll right in, order two split grilled dogs, rings and a coke, pay ten bucks and feast till you are in a food coma. Teds is seriously one of the better charbroiled grills i have been to, it can get a little busy but it is worth ANY wait.  They have all the fixins, mustard, onions, peppers, relish, mayo... pretty much anything you could ever want your porky goodness to swim in.
4	Ted's.  A place that knows great dogs and won't look down at your for ordering them "your way".  Make no mistake, their "standard" fare is quite excellent, but if you want to mix things up they'll gladly help.
4	I have been going to Ted's for years as I have found that it is the best bang for my buck when I am in the mood for a good hot dog and fries. The food is good and I like the way you order your food. The staff always seems to be friendly and put the guest first. I gave them a 4 instead of a 5 for one simple reason. Though I have lived in AZ for many years, I had the opportunity to work in downtown Chicago and the price for Ted's food vs some of those little dive places in the city is high. Then again, compared to many of the hot dog joints in AZ that claim to have a good dog, the price is actually very economical!
5	I've been meaning to review this for a while now, but never got around to it.  Bottom line: Ted's is fantastic!  I'm been going for about three and a half yeas now, and Ted's has never once disappointed me.  Amazing chili-cheese dogs, brats, and polish and italian sausages.  The dogs are cooked on an actual grill too, which earns bonus points in my book .  The onion rings are also great - greasy, but in a really good way.  Definitely worth the ride out to Tempe.
4	If you are in the mood for a good hot dog then Ted's is a great choice.  It is cheap and friendly.  They also have a  great chicken sandwich and the french fries and onion rings are home made and to die for. So good. The only downside to this place is that ordering  can be a bit messy.  The cook hollars at you while you are still far back in the line and you have to yell your order at him and sometimes its crowded and hard to find a place to sit.  If you don't go at lunch rush though, its great.
5	Ted's Hot Dogs are the best I have ever had, anywhere.The burn factor... Ted's has a toasty bed of coals over which they turn your hot-dog bratwurst or white-hot into the ugly blackened sausage of your dreams. Don't order fries or rings unless you have some help. The dogs themselves are the main event! I can't finish the foot long! Be warned they are HUGE!This is one of my favorite places for a date. I'm a weirdo I guess, but nothing says "I love you," like a good as they come fuss-free meal at rock bottom prices. If your date is too high maintenance to stand in line for a hot-dog -maybe it wouldn't work out anyway?
2	The hot dog is average. The burger is below-average. Sorry, folks, that's the truth.I've held off on reviewing this place for awhile now. Overall I don't consider it fair to review a place after only visiting once, but I cannot bring myself to go again, and Ted's will not exactly hurt from me saying bad things about them. Also, seeing as how the food my friends had looked the same (I think I tried some of theirs but can't remember for sure) and they raved about it, I don't write this off as an anomaly and will go ahead and review Ted's.Like I said, the hot dog was extremely average. Nothing different than you would get off of a typical hot dog vendor.The burger was below average. The patty was too thin and it just wasn't that good.The workers were what I like at a place. They took my order, made my food, and nothing more. Good job. The store has a pretty cool feel to it. The line was short when I went, but apparently it can get quite long.How was the experience overall? Well, I won't go back as I would rather have a hot dog and burger from Sonic or (cue dramatic chipmunk) RALLYS. ...Exactly.
5	We love Ted's and the great grilled pork hot dogs plus all there other items but a Ted's hot dog is the best.  Since moving west from upstate NY we are looking for a pork hot dog (not a sonoran but true all pork) like you find at Ted's.  We are in the Tucson area and we really wish a Ted's would open up here.  Does anyone know outside of Ted's where one can find a real pork hot dog in this region? The best we can do now is order from a website called buffalofood.com.  Appreciate any info.Thanks
5	Try to find a better hotdog in AZ!   If you are feeling it, try their white hot dogs.   Hard to find and absolutely worth seeking out.    Just like upstate NY.
4	I have always had an excellent lunch at Ted's - not necessarily the healthiest - but excellent!  It is easy to be intimidated in front of the lunch crowd when the cook is asking for your order across a line of hungry patrons - but it keeps the line rolling, and you get your food fast (without it quite being such fast food!).  All the dogs I've had there were excellent (never tried anything else - why would I - it's Ted's HOT DOGS!).
3	My experience with Ted's was not a good one this time around.  It had been years since I had been  there  and I was not all that impressed back then.  It did not even make it on my "if I'm ever in the neighborhood again" list.  But recently I had a craving for a hot dog and decided to try Ted's again.  I ordered a hot dog a  brat and a side of potato salad.  The hot dog was average at best.  The brat was RAW on the inside and inedible.  And the potato salad was completely tasteless and most of the potato's were hard from not being cooked long enough.  Even though I did not have a good experience I'm still not ready to check them off my list.  Although I will never drive from Phoenix to Ted's JUST for a hot dog like I did this last time I will at least give them one more shot if I'm ever in the area again.
4	if you are in tempe, and want a quick and delicious lunch, ted's is the place to go.  ted's is a perfect place for a great brat on a toasted bun.  they have the art of cooking hot dogs and brats down to a science.  the line goes fast, too, so its always a good place to meet a friend at lunch.
4	This is a great staple of Tempe.  I try to stop by here before spring training and Diamondback games.  If you're looking for a grill dog I would say this is the place to go.
3	Fine, fine, fine. Just get it out of your system now. Yell at me and tell me I don't know what I'm talking about....Sorry but I just can't rave about this place. Yes, its crowded but the line moves; yes, they yell across the room for your order and yes its cooked open fire style. You can throw any number of things on top. I'm still sorry but unless I am sitting at Yankee Stadium with a Nathan's hot dog on a perfect June day - which is all about the experience and the location - its still just a hot dog. Its fine. Just fine. Its a hot dog. With or without stuff.
3	Ok as a former employee (4 years ago) and as a current customer, this place isn't to shabby.The food is pretty good, the lines are not to bad.. UN LESSit is Saturday or Friday night, then you are talkin about waiting in line for about a good 30 min. Over all, the food is good, the service is okay, the wait time... sucks on weekends.-Former Employee and Current customer :)
4	Two words: Loganberry Shake. That is the key to maximum enjoyment of your Ted's experience.The hot dogs are good and perfectly burnt (you can of course order them other levels of done if you're a huge weirdo), the specialty sausages are amazing (try a white hot), and the fries are these cute not-quite-full-size cuts that are the ideal balance between crispy outside and mushy inside.If you go to Ted's for a burger, you will be disappointed. They are not a burger joint.If you go to Ted's for atmosphere... There's no hope for you. It's a hot dog joint.If you go for meat wrapped in some form of tubing, you should not leave disappointed. Especially if you order the almighty loganberry shake.Fries. Tube meat. Shake/soda. Stick to the basics and you can't go wrong.
4	Someone asked the question in the Yelp talk threads where the best place was for fried things, like french fries and onion rings.  Several people said Ted's had great onion rings......so off I went!  I expected a smaller place but I was pleasantly suprised when I pulled up to a medium sized store.  I was greated with a smile and asked what I would like.  It was a Sunday afternoon so they were not very busy.  I liked the fact that you tell them what you want and they toss it on the grill right in front of you.  Everything is freshly cooked.  They did the same with the onion rings and french fries too.  Everything was fresh and hot.  My daughter had her favorite....a hot dog, which she loved, and fries which were fresh and crisp.  I had a burger and onion rings.  Yes, the onion rings were delicious!  The batter was great and the onions were a little on the sweet side.  My burger was cooked to perfection.  This is another great little place we will go back to.  It's also sort of near my work so maybe I'll get out one day and go here for lunch.  Thanks Ted's and Yelpers!
4	Ted's Hot Dogs makes a damn good chili & cheese (Coney Island) dog and should not be missed.  I particularly like the fact they are cooking the dogs a touch on the more well done side lately rather than in years past where they hit the grill and came off just seconds later.  The service is friendly, fast, efficient and the prices are very reasonable.  They are cash only, so do not bring your debit/credit card.  You will see many many regulars and happy customers.  Enjoy this place!!!
4	Couldn't find a place with a good Hot Dog and Burger. But finally did!!! Here at Teds they char broil your dogs and burgers right in front of you! Nice, very nice. I like my dogs Chard, Yummy!!! Plus when they are ready you can look at the condiments they have and just let the girl know what you want on it and how much, a BIG plus. Fries are good and hot, fresh! Onion Rings are tasty and fresh too. Have not tried their shakes but i see they make them with real ice cream. Might add one to my order next time. One thing, it does get packed during lunch time and on weekends nights. so get there early. or prepare to wait!!
5	I go there at least 2 times a month, mainly if I'm in the mood of a quick treat. I love their selection and I have tried all their main options. I like their italian, their polish, the bratwurst!!! and they even have a special mustard to complement all. YEs during Fri or Sat you can run into a big line...but that's part of their quality! if you want to go faster stop any other day!
4	Alert the media!!!Ted's is one of the Top Ten hot dog shops in the galaxy!!...Ted's is on the Travel Channel!!...Ted's is really authentic, because they are from Buffalo NY, the home of the Buffalo Bills football team (in an interesting side note, everybody thinks the Bills are named after "Buffalo Bill", the cowboy showman...but "Bills" is an acronym for "Boy I Love Loosin' Superbowls").I learned most of this standing in lines at Ted's over the years (not the Bills trivia...they love their Bills at Ted's and you would do well not to question that or to make sport of the Bills, as I just have:)Why is Buffalo the home of the best hot dogs, you ask? Well, don't ask...it just is...as far as you know.Ted's created the Tempe outpost a few years ago when the owner of Ted's got tired of shoveling 24 feet of lake effect precipitation off of his driveway every winter and needed to have a way to write off the trip west every year.So he packed up his sausages and some plaques and Buffalo newspaper clippings for the wall and landed in Tempe, AZ:)It's our good fortune, really. I doubt we'll get the Papaya King to relocate to the Valley of the Sun, and I'm pretty sure Pinks will stay put, so this may be the closest we'll get to galactic class hot dogs.And yet, they're just hot dogs. Good hot dogs, yes...and I do like them...but just hot dogs.The dogs (and everything that they cook at Ted's) are open flame broiled over a real charcoal fire, with the standard compliment of condiments available (including chili, although I am not a big fan of Ted's chili dogs...the chili just doesn't grab me).They also do a nice job on brats, white hots, polish sausages, etc. And, I understand the hamburger is decent, although I have never had one...I go to Ted's for one reason and one reason only...the stars of the show...the hot dogs!And I'm not the only one...people do, indeed, line up to get these dogs!It's like trying to get a pizza at Bianco's. In fact, Ted's can be a tougher test of your dining will than Bianco's...to wit:* Wait     o Bianco's - 2-3 hours, but you can sit at a table and drink and eat     o Ted's - You must stand in line for the full hour...no cuts!!!* Ordering     o Ted's - you better be ready or be prepared for a bit of a public dressing down ("sir, are you ready? Ma'am, the menu is right up there!! sir, other people are waiting!!)     o Bianco's - "You want what on that pizza?!?! Chris will not make "his" pizza that way"! "Did you get my wine and cheese order Mr. Shaved Head-non-responsive bartender at Bar Bianco...hello...hello"? "Yes, I know I told you check with me every hour during the wait, but now that's annoying me"* Price     o Ted's - 2 foot longs and diet coke for $11? That better be a hot dog made with sausage imported all the way from Buffalo, NY! Oh, right...it is:)     o Bianco's - $15 for a pizza that I can't even get my way after a 3 hour wait and $150 bill for wine cheese from your shop next door! This pizza better be made with buffalo mozzarella, made by hand, by you! Oh, right...it is:)For the local "Best in the Universe-Peasant Food Division", Ted's certainly gives the pizza joint a run for its money, in pretty much every category:)Give them try, but bring your comfortable shoes and something to read in line (unless you'd enjoy reading 3 week old Buffalo, NY newspapers from Ted's reading rack)...and for the pete's sake be ready to order!
3	it seems like someone read my review and took to heart the too thin onion rings...........last time i went, i could actually pick them up and dip 'em in ketchup instead of them breaking in2 crumbles.
5	I lived in Buffalo NY until 4 years old. Then moved to Scottsdale, AZ. My father turned me on to Ted's back in the 90's. He used to go to original Ted's in NY.  I've been hooked ever since. I moved to California in 1988. Every time I go back to Scottsdale my FIRST stop is Ted's. I've even called my host and said "I will be at your place in an hour. I have to get my Ted's fix!!" I will be back in Scottsdale next May, and again, my first stop will be Ted's. I keep searching, but haven't yet found a chili cheese dog as good. It's the charbroiling and the homemade relish. Rock on Ted's!!! C ya May 2010!Diane Rickmers MitchellCathedral City, CA
5	Ted's is not gourmet!  Leave the hoity toity at home.  But if you are looking for the best dog in town, Ted's is the spot.  I have been chowing on Ted's dog's for years!   They know how to cook those dogs, nice and dark, but not burned!  Condiments are added to your liking.  They seem to know just the right amount.  Fries are awesome.  Onion Rings, just the right amount of grease!  Brauts are good too....Worth the wait.  If you hit it just right, there is no wait at all.  Either way, bring a smile, and an empty tummy!  It's gonna be good.
2	In Short: Long lines, complicated menu, and a fist full of dollars ........ for a hot dog?I guess I never bought into the whole gourmet hot dog fad, and probably never will.  I've heard my coworkers talk about the dogs, and on more than one occasion seen astronomical lines at the counter, so I thought why not, it had to be good, right?Talk about sticker shock, and only for a single dog?  Very overpriced indeed, on top of that, they managed to complicate a simple hot dog.  Various types of meats and topping options were a bit confusing, not because there were too many choices, but because non of them were really explained.  A little annoying for a first timer customer.  The dogs themselves are not bad, but I think you'd have to a complete idiot to mess up a hot dog.  I still don't get whats so amazing about it, definitely way too overpriced, won't go again.  They can keep their wieners and shove it!
4	Ted's has the best hotdogs in the state-hands down.  I am from Chicago and have eaten many Chicago style dogs and I just like Ted's better.   I like my hot dogs on the grill-  I like the all beef and the footlong-beef and pork- the best.  The cheese fires are fantasticI've read some of the other posts -its obvious some people have not gone to too many hot dog stands lately and seen the prices.  TED"S IS NOT TOO EXPENSIVE.    You go to some other places in Phoenix and you're spending around 8 or 9 dollars for a hotdog, fries and coke.  Ted's is a few dollars less.If there's any negative, the lines are frequently long.  I used to work around there and during the week at lunch time, I could see a line of probably 30 people.  I like to go after 1:00 during the week or on Sunday-the lines are shorter.
3	*3.5 stars*Went to Ted's today for lunch. I guess I was lucky because while there was a line, it wasn't out the door and I was able to sit inside and enjoy my food. I had 2 regular hot dogs, fries and a soda. I love char grilled food, so I enjoyed my hot dogs. I especially loved the spicy relish!! It was perfect, not overwhelming at all. The fries were nice and crispy, maybe a little too greasy for my taste.I moved here from NYC were Papaya's is the hot dog king and I do like them better. That being said, I liked Ted's and will visit again. Next time, I'll ask for extra spicy relish.
5	Listen, we all know Ted's is delicious, it just is, so I will basically shy away from the food and let you know about the service of my most recent trip (last night) to Ted's.   Ted's closes at 9pm on Thursdays and myself plus fourteen friends showed up at their doors at 906pm, we just weren't thinking. We have all had that moment where we feel a little guilty for showing up at a restaurant so close to closing time and you just don't know what you should do, leave or stay, so I asked. I have to tell you, the staff seemed practically excited to see us! After hours! It was a nice change from the usual huffing and puffing I've gotten from similar trips to other restaurants. They were very welcoming and chatty, asking about our night and offering suggestions for our feast, even delivering some items straight to our tables. Service at its best, honestly wonderful.  I've always really enjoyed Ted's dogs, last night I got two regular dogs, one with chili, cheese, and onions, the dog was grilled perfectly with a little snap to it and the chili was slightly sweet with a perfect kick to it, and the other had just their signature hot sauce (a spicy relish) and was just wonderful, I don't even like relish but it was sweet and spicy and tangy... just great.  This trip has made me even more of a believer, no wonder Ted's has been a Tempe staple FOREVER! With service so exquisite and food so good, as my friend Adam said "You simply can't say no to it", I'll gladly spend many more nights in the dog house!
5	(Earlier)It's this; it's that; it's the other thing; blah, blah, blah.  What's all this noise about a HOT DOG place?  You'd think it was Ruth's Chris!.  Ok, I guess I'll try this dumb place sometime.  After all, I tried Twitter.(Today)I had to go right by Ted's on an errand, so I stopped in for lunch, & ordered a regular hot dog, onion rings, & a vanilla malt.  The place has a clean, sort-of retro look to it, & early 50s music was playing.The cheerful cashier had my order ready to go pretty quickly, & I settled into a comfortable booth & dug in.My conclusion was that the food, service, & the restaurant itself here are all great, & I think it edges out the best L.A. hot dog place, Pink's.The tweet:  Eight dollars, a zillion calories, terrific!PS:  An order of their delicious freshly made onion rings (or fries) can serve two.
5	This place is like a hot dog stand that grew roots and turned into an establishment.  The fine folks at Ted's sure do know how to prepare and serve up a proper dog amongst other delightful varieties of wieners.Ted's, a restaurant worth sharing.
3	This place is the best hot dog joint around.  They have a large selection of dogs to choose from and they are all cooked over a wood burning grill.  I always leave satisfied.You order and then stand around as the dog cooks, waiting until it's done to give your condiment order.  I could go without that part because people are just piled up and it makes it go a lot slower since you can't put an order in because 10 people in front of you are just standing waiting for their dogs to cook.  I think they should take the order, cash out, and then get the food cooked and delivered.  That is the only reason I removed a star.  However, I'll stand around for a hot dog that good.  Sometimes they are too busy for me to wait around so I will do a drive-by but I usually stick to their less busy hours.  The one other thing that has always irked me was how badly they assault that poor defenseless dog.  They cut that thing, and slice it as if it just insulted their mother.  Apparently it helps because it is delicious.  I just wish it didn't have to take such abuse prior to arriving in my mouth.  I am a big proponent of humane treatment, even after it has taken its form as food.
5	These dogs could not be any better. Absolutely fantastic ! had the jumbo and the brat. Both were AWESOME ! Great potato salad and onion rings too. I will be back.
3	I had an italian sausage with onions and peppers. Because I was starving, I'd say it was A-OK. Otherwise, it was pretty much a Costco sausage thrown on a charcoal grill, with onions and peppers. Which would be pretty good, actually...plus cheaper and less of a wait. It was good, but edging out Pink's? No way.
3	When I'm craving a hot dog, Ted's Hot Dogs is the place to go in Tempe. Now that sentence does contain pretty many qualifiers; I do, of course, have to be craving hot dogs; and I wouldn't drive any great distance to feed that craving. Nonetheless, Ted's is decent for many reasons. All hot dogs and hamburgers are charcoal grilled, the sides are served in large portions, and they have many different toppings. Now there is another very similar charcoal grill restaurant in Tempe that offers hot dogs and hamburgers -ach*chuckbox*oo- but their fare is more hamburger friendly. Ted's offers regular, foot long, and all beef franks, as well as Italian, Polish, and White Hot Sausages. Anything char-grilled is  good in my book, but the Italian sausage with peppers and onions is great. They also have the traditional toppings like ketchup, mustard, pickle, onion, tomato, etc. The sides are dropped right when you order them, served in a basket wrapped in paper to hold it all together.  Both the fries and onion rings are good, but I prefer the fries because of the batter on the rings. While only having two side items is limited, they are a decent price.There is one thing that I don't recommend ordering here, which is why I give them three stars instead of four. Coming from Cincinnati, one of the most important preparations of a hot dog is the chili cheese coney. I went here tonight in search of a coney similar to that of Skyline in Cincinnati: a fried dog served on a steamed bun with bean-less, finely ground chili and heaps of shredded cheese. No charcoal grilled hot dog should be covered in chili, the chili itself is pretty thick, the cheese was nacho cheese, and the hot sauce was more like salsa. I definitely will never order a chili cheese dog here again. That being said I would point anybody in need of a grilled hot dog or sausage to Ted's.
4	When you're in the mood to clog your arteries, Ted's is the place. This is the kinda place you need to go to on the weekends so when you're done eating you can go home and take a nap.I love the atmosphere at Ted's. It's an old school hot dog joint that hasn't been updated in years, luckily. There is almost always a long line but it's worth the wait. The boyfriend and I always get regular hot dogs and and order or fries and an order of onion rings to share. Now their hot dogs are good, don't get me wrong, but they are char grilled so sometime I feel they get a little over done. Some people would say that kinda "burnt" quality is what makes it good but a few times my hot dog has been a little too charred. Their sides however are the best! They have skinny fries that are crisp and yummy and their onion rings aren't really rings it is more like onion strings. Sweet, salty, thin, greasy goodness. Get ranch or a side of cheese sauce for dipping - so good.Ted's is one of those places you have to go to at least once, it's sort of a Tempe institution.
5	Show me a better hot dog in AZ!  I'm from Chicago and this is a good dog!  I can't get enough of the spicy relish. You have to try it!  The service is usually horrible, but that is something I've come to love about hot dog joints coming from Chicago.  Ted's is great and it's really inexpensive!  Oh and they finally accept debit/credit cards!
5	Ted's is great! I'm not in the neighborhood much these days but I've had many great meals at Ted's in my lifetime. They never disappoint. I don't mind the line because I know my food is being made fresh in front of me, and besides, the employees know how to keep the line moving quickly and efficiently. Don't forget to get a side of liquid cheese for your fries! While I'm sure it's not even technically cheese, it's still awesome. This might be a weird praise, but I also like that I've never seen a dirty table here. I hate when I go into a fast food place (chain or independent) and can't find a table to sit at because the slobs before me couldn't be bothered to clean up after themselves. I don't know if Ted's customers are super clean, or if employees are sneaking around cleaning tables off when I'm not looking, but I can always find a place to sit here!
4	If you enjoy hot dogs, get to Ted's ASAP!Ted's is a great place to have a charcoal grilled hot dog with all the sides.  There are other items on the menu (sandwiches, burgers), but I've always stuck with the staple hot dog and fries. One day I will try a burger and a milkshake.Hard to beat Ted's classic meal of a hot dog, drink and either fries or onion rings.This is a no frills place, good food, good service and old school charm.The place can get very busy! Be prepared to wait in line and/or wait for a table to sit.I'm a bit ashamed that I never wrote a review of Ted's earlier. I thought I had and then realized I never did. Better late than never.
5	Ahh Ted's...where to begin.  For me it all started on a warm August day in the late eighties.  I was heading north from Tucson to start my undergrad career at ASU and the friend I was following drove straight to Ted's instead of Manzanita (Spanish for "tall ugly dorm with many drunk kids").  Thus began a love affair that only grows stronger to this day.  Footlong Chili Dogs got me through a lot of hangovers and somewhere along the way college came and went, grunge came and went and my mullet came and went.  Then after college it was the All Beef Jumbo that got me through the trials and tribulations of being young, single, and semi-gainfully employed -- a few less hangovers, but still plenty of nitrates.  Then as a slightly older family man the White Hot has emerged as the sausage of choice for weekend trips with the Toddlers.  I even purchased my most recent residence perhaps partially because Spiro (the owner and son of "The Ted") lives across the street (ok - so maybe not the best approach to real estate decisions, but clealy Hot Dog obsessions can't be blamed for the entire real estate bubble).  This place is one of the last old school ASU spots and I pray that Spiro has a succession plan in place if he ever decides to retire.Update: It just occured to me that this posting could be a bit more "review-ish" and a bit less autobiographical, so here goes.  All the aftermentioned dogs are awesome.  The condiments are perfect...the mustard and "hot sauce" are proprietary and worth purchasing in jars to take home (the white hot with mustard, hot sauce, onions, and a pickel is as good as it gets).  The Chili is ideally matched with cheese and onions on the regular, footlong, and all beef jumbo.  The onion rings are the best in town.  The only complaint I have is the liquid cheese, but I've come to accept and even appreciate it a bit over the years.  The milkshakes are good, but a bit small for the price.  There...hopefully that's enough superlatives.  Get there before noon to avoid the lines.
4	I'm not a huge hot dog fan, but when I want a hot dog, this is where I get a hot dog.  The all beef hot dog is to die for.  It won't fill you up, unless you spend over $10, but it is a good, satisfying meal.  The toppings are great--they have everything.  Ketchup, mustard, deli mustard, relish, spicy relish, chopped onions, peppers and onions, tomatoes, sauerkraut.... Did I forget any?  Fries are good, and the onion rings are alright (although they are closer to an onion brick).  Also, they do accept credit cards now.
4	The wait is worth it - plus this gets you a FRESH dog, brat, sausage whatever you order since they don't grill it until you order. My fave is actually the Italian Sausage - the peppers and onions rock! Chili dogs are good and one of these days I'll have a burger.Plus, there's plenty of seating and everything is reasonable on the pricing side. The pride of Buffalo in Tempe - who would have thought?
4	Ted's cooks dogs the way many of us do in our yards, grilled and charred. Try finding dogs like that anywhere else.Yeah, the dogs are pricey but they are cooked in front of you and there's a choice of beef dogs or pork. Onion rings and fries are side options.For an old building it's kept very clean. You don't seem to find yourself cleaning up someone else's mess just so you can sit down. Of course I avoid the place during weekday lunch crowds where the line gets pretty long. I like the "What can I get you?" New York deli ordering style that they employ to get the line moving quicker. Once one customer's order is thrown on the grill they're asking the next person in line what they want whether that person is standing up at the counter or not.  It''s efficient and keeps the line moving.
4	We were out in Tempe today so I planned a swing by Ted's for lunch.  I have driven by it for 20 years and never stopped before.  We arrived with only 2-3 people ahead of us in line.  Our order was promptly taken and our food was on the grill in no time.  We then proceeded to order fries and onion rings.  This was sort of overkill since the portions are quite large.  I ordered a regular burger and it was tasty but the patty was thin.  My wife had the foot long hotdog and couldn't finish it all.The place is clean and the walls are covered with awards from years past.  Overall:  Great service, Good quality food, Clean and well kept dining area, Good value for the money.I am sure that the owners opened a location in Tempe so they could visit in the winter time and write off the trip as a business trip..
3	If you are looking for a good fresh cooked hot dog, or sausage, this is the place to go! They cook the meat while you are waiting in line, which I thought was pretty cool. It was actually kind of intimidating at first, if you don't know what to do.The sausage was good, although pleas note that 1 is more than enough!The fries and onion rings are good too! If you're ever in the area and want a good hotdog or sausage, stop by Ted's!
5	these are the best hot dogs and onion rings in the world.if you disagree, i will fight you
4	Had the All Beef.  It was a really tasty hot dog.  To comment further would be ridiculous.
2	Its a little too pricey for what it is. I got the chili dog meal and it was very heavy (not complaining) and very dry (complaining). My son got the regular hot dog...again over priced and its a regular hot dog. I'm sure the people who love it are the ones who just really DOCTOR IT UP WITH ALL THE TOPPINGS. Then maybe I could see you getting your moneys worth?
4	Great Onion rings too.Yes, there si ALWAYS a line, but its hard to find a line that moves faster than Ted's.   They have it down to a science.  Don't be afraid to try the white hot dogs.   An upstate NY favorite and not to be missed.
1	I'm not sure what the fuss is about this place.  The polish I ordered well done was barely warm on the inside and had big chunks of grissel in it.  The "fresh" onion rings were served cold.  I won't be back.
3	First time to Ted's was today. Been in Tempe eight years, and have been happy with Dave's Dog House but "frank (ly), moving "furter" on........ Certainly popular, long line, I had a good 20 min. wait. I ordered the all-beef chili dog, with added mustard and onions. Somewhat average, I must say. Did not get a lot of chili with the dog, and chili was a little too sweet for my taste. Bun, plain, out of the bag, but the charcoaled dog certainly has a great taste. Potato salad really grew on me though! Not bad, I may be back if in the area.
4	Sometimes you tire of various types of food and sometimes nothing but a hot dog will do.  I live in the S.F. Bay Area, was visiting in Tempe and had one of those afternoons when I wanted nothing but a hot dog.I got the foot long and it tasted good, but next time I'll try the all-beef which my wife had.  The kitchen is well-maintained and the self-service is efficient, even with a line 20 deep.  The grill uses charcoal.  Although I didn't order any fries or onion rings, they looked good and Ted's also touts real ice cream milkshakes.The only minor downgrade I have is that the location is in a strip mall and it just lacks a traditional hot dog stand feel to it.  It's clean, but maybe just a little too clean.  Otherwise, very good...
5	AAAAMAZING.They have the best hot dogs and corn dogs i have ever had.  It is definitely a place to try if you love hot dogs.They have good fries, excellent onion rings.... and very very reasonable prices!  I have never met a single person who has said anything but incredible things about Ted's..... definitely a must try!
4	Ted's offered me a wonderously greasy medley in my stomach that was tasty until the very last bite. Charred franks are my favorite way to enjoy them and Ted's didn't disappoint there. I ended up getting an all beef, a Polish and some onion rings (I had no idea how big an order of rings was). The links were grilled to near perfection and were quite juicy. As for the onion rings, they were greasy and sloppy and pretty much what most people would expect them to be. There is one downside though and that would be the lack of condiments. Don't get me wrong, there are a bunch but I was hoping for a lot more; there weren't even any grilled onions from what I saw. I had planned on getting my Polish Maxwell style, but alas, I could not. There are two final things I would have to say. First, the food and the prices were great, and the sausages were very good. And second, I can strongly recommend this place but if Lobby's right down the road decided to do some charred dogs, I think business could be booming. Check out both places!
5	Hands down, some of the best hot dogs I've ever had.  It always amazes me how awesome the grill master is there.  He gets your order well in advance so he can fire up the dogs with ample time to have it ready for you as you pay.  The selection of condiments is very diverse as well.  I always like to enjoy the delicious onion rings as well!Really, you can't go wrong at Ted's.  The only thing that may seem to turn you away is the line can get long around lunchtime.  But, that line is very deceiving because they move along quickly.
4	if you like charred hot dogs burgers and brats and polish this is the place! every time i go, i get a reg hot dog(chi style), small cheese burger and onion ring(there yummy) and its great every time no other place is like this in the valley. its all good stuff, but i don't like the spicy relish and if you say Chicago style they will but this stuff on there. and if you go there between 12 and 2 there will be a huge line! it goes by fast tho, and it gives you time to watch them poke and stab your meat!
3	I thought this place was really good for what it is. I don't really understand all the awards and hype for it though... In the end it's just a hot dog to me. I enjoyed my regular hot dog with mustard, onions, sauerkraut, and a pickle. I have to say the real star of the meal was the onion rings! They were unfortunately very addicting. We got a strawberry milkshake as well and it was delicious.
3	Went here after stumbling home from the Tempe Beer Festival a while back - I live around the corner. I do enjoy some char on my dogs, but I'm not as fond of the smokiness of Ted's. If you like this sort of thing, you'll love these. I'd tried Ted's once before and again, even in my inebriated state, I was thrown off a bit by it. Being from Chicago, Lobby's wins for me on the dog front. For fries, though, I'd give it to Ted's. Get them with the cheese and die happy. I also agree with others here that there is a certain charm about the place and having staff take your order through long distance shouting as you wait in line and aren't quite certain whose turn it is. If I was looking for a meal of cheese fries I'd come here in a heart beat. For hot dogs though I'll probably be waiting till the next beer fest.
2	I read great reviews about this place and wanted to try it out for myself. I ordered the all beef hot dog and fries and was hoping for the best. Somehow the ketchup, mustard, pickle relish and tomato I asked for didn't get thru to the lady taking my order as my hot dog only had a million sliced tomatoes, ketchup and a pickle. Now don't get me wrong, the actual beef hot dog was AMAZING!! I love that it's char-grilled. It reminds me of a summer bbq, but the fries were terrible and because my hot dog order was slightly messed up I can't give this place high reviews. I'll stick to Lobby's for their delicious fries and CHICAGO STYLE hot dogs (which I love)... but if I'm in the mood for something char-grilled I'll definitely come to Teds again... though I'll watch them make my hot dog step by step so they don't mess it up.
4	Very simple menu, fresh ingredients, good quality dogs and sausages. These are the top things I noticed about the food. There aren't a whole lot of choices but what they have is really fresh and good. I love all beef hot dogs charbroiled (as in made on an actual grill) and this place didn't miss a beat. The onion rings were a mount of fried goodness. The malts were made with real ice cream and milk. Delicious.The service was great too. Simply a line of people smiling and cooking the dogs to order. Another smiling face topping your hot dog with deliciousness. Then the cashier who is friendly and quick. On top of that you have a couple of people running around compiling the order. The atmosphere is pretty cool too. Nice new york meets arizona decor. Kind of sporty. A great place for some cheap grub. Lots of different kinds of people there too which was great. We had college folks, little kids with their parents, some elders and a few middle aged folks. This is basic, good food with a nice atmosphere for a decent price.
5	Teds hot dogs are the best in town!!! I've never liked hot dogs until i ate at Teds. These aren't your regular hot dogs or sausages you find at your local chain grocery store. They use quality meats and natural casing and cook them over a charcoal grill. Best Hot Dog i have ever had hands down!
5	Best hot dogs ever?  Almost....damn near a photo finish but Wieners Circle in Chicago has my #1 vote, but you know what?  Coming in second is still something to be proud of.  Teds Hot Dogs are a-m-a-z-i-n-g!We came here 2 times during our 4 days in the desert.  Both times I left with a smile on my face and a stomach full of tube steaks.The first day we went I got 2 regular dogs, a white hot sausage, split an order of onion rings and washed it down with a Loganberry shake.  We got in line and the man grilling the dogs kindly asks you what you would like.  You kind of shout it out and then he grabs the dogs and stacks them in order of when they are going to be cooked.  A very streamlined operation.  By the time you reach the man, they are pretty much done and then handed off to the condiment lady.  You tell them what you want on each dog.  I went with mustard, onions and their hot sauce concoction. They dish up your onion rings and make your shakes and then off you go.These dogs are super tasty.  Everything just works so well.  They use a soft potato bun and the dogs are char-grilled over charcoal so they get a crispy/burnt like texture to them.  I devoured those things in a matter of minutes.  The onion rings are more like an onion loaf.  Pretty good.  The Loganberry shake was very good too.  Just sweet enough without overpowering it.  The shakes are a tad small though but they are the right consistency and you can easily drink it through your straw which was nice.2nd trip I got a foot-long, a regular and an Italian sausage.  This time we split fries and got another Loganberry shake.  The Italian sausage was the winner of both trips.  It was the BEST sausage I have ever had.  I got it topped with just mustard and onions.  It was perfectly cooked, snap when you bit in, but soft and almost mushy when you chewed through it.  Kind of hard to describe but god damn that was a tasty sausage.  Perfect flavors and everything.  My 2 dogs I got topped like day 1.  Mustard, onions and hot sauce.  The wife had a burger which she said was ok.  Looked kind of skimp though.  She doesn't eat dogs so she missed out.  I will have dreams about this place.  It was by far my favorite 2 meals in AZ and I would eat here all the time if I lived close.   I cant wait to find some reason to go back to AZ just to eat here.  It may even be worth the 5 hour drive just to eat these, turn around and come back.  Seriously.....these dogs are great!
5	Hot dogs dont get much better than this. The chili cheese is my favorite.
1	OMG wtF 35 dollars for hot dogs, and they wanted 5 more for the chili! It gave me the runs and I will never go back!
3	Teds is a good place to go with friends. They grill all of your food fresh in front of you, and have a cool way of cutting up the dogs as they're cooking. I wasn't a fan of their white hots, however I can't fault them, as I've never had them before. I may just hate veal! Their regular hot dogs and brats are spot on, and tasty. The onion rings are hand made, and are also pretty tasty. If you do stop by, make sure to get a chocolate milk shake. It's one of the best in the valley (trust me, i'm fat!).The service is not amazing, better than McDonalds, and not as personal as a sit down restaurant. They're definitely trained to get you through the line as quickly as possible.It's worth stopping by to try, as it's pretty unique in the valley.
5	My favorite hotdog place.   Most hotdogs at restaurants are awful.   Teds rocks.It is not cheapest place, but its worth it.The fries are not good, but I don't care.The hotdogs are great.  Period.   End of story.Many places have gone to "super size" dogs that use huge, bland wieners with no taste and cheap meat.   Ted's serves the classic size dog, with just the right balance of dog, bun, and toppings.I don't eat there often.    But it is on top of my list.
4	I wish this place wasn't so busy!  It is always packed!  If I didn't have to worry about things like cholesterol, or trans fat, I would eat here more often.  Great hot dogs, on a real grill with real hand dipped onion rings.
4	My favorite hot dog of all time is the Ripper from Rutt's Hut in Clifton, New Jersey. Something about deep-frying a hot dog until it splits open, bursting forth with flavor and cholesterol, really does it for me.In lieu of that, Ted's is a good quality hot dog place with unique, charbroiled-tasting hot dogs. They hail from Buffalo, New York and the line often wraps around the front area near the grill, where you shout out your order to the current grillmaster, similar to Chuckbox when it's busy.The highlight is almost certainly their incredibly onion rings. They serve huge portions for decent prices and everything is always fresh and tasty. (Spent $8.15 for a large iced tea, all-beef hot dog, and onion rings.) The onion rings are more of a torn apart onion blossom than the traditional rings--an approach I much prefer. There are plenty of sides and toppings you can request as well, from cheese to chili to onions, 'kraut, ketchup, mustard, and all the other basics.Overall a pleasant experience and a unique flavor. Worthwhile if you're looking for a damn good hot dog. (And they take credit cards now, after many years of holding out as cash only!)
4	The all beef hot dog is one of the best hot dogs I've ever had, whether you add on chilli, cheese or sauerkraut or not. The footlong is also a tasty dog with all the different toppings. The highlights of the toppings are the chilli and salsa. Don't forget to add both fries and onion rings, their bomb!
3	Hot dogs are decent, onions rings are decent, service was a little strange and kind of rude, I will eat there again but I'd say a tad above average especially with all the hype I heard!
5	Now this is what I call a good hot dog!...Not just good, they are GREAT :) This what a ballpark hot dog is suppose to taste like...and cost. The  value is amazing for everything you get. Oh, and I tried the onion rings after reading all the great reviews and they truly are some of the best onion rings I've ever had. By the way, I am usual not the type to get up to order seconds, but this time, I couldn't help myself...just had to have another!
3	This place was ok.  They have a good selection of dogs.My wife really likes it, as well as a couple of family members.I on the other hand am not too big of a fan of charred hotdogs.Either way, the food there is ok.  The lines are a bit too long for me.
4	Whole beef dog with everything...crusty, juicy, loaded, wow! The hot sauce here is just fiery enough to kick up the volume on that unbeatable dog. Would that I could've eaten four or five and still kept my girlish figure...
5	I'll keep it simple. Best hot dogs I've had in my life. Grilling the dog make all the difference in the world. I've been to the famous Pinks in LA and this place is way better.
5	Best Bratwursts and white hots I've had. All I put in my dogs are mustard, salsa, onions and a pickle. I order a side of onion rings and I'm enjoying the best hot dog meal in Arizona. I've also tried the regular beef franks, the footlongs, fries. They are all equally delicious. DO IT.
4	Teds Hot Dogs is a fantastic place to eat hot dogs. You can go after a show, the theater, for lunch or dinner. The taste is charred into the dog. They have regulars, all beef, foot longs, bratwurst, and sausage. ALL are fantastic. They have a wide selection of toppings. Ketchup, mustard, relish, tomatoes, pickles, onions, kraut, chili, and cheese. I am sure I left some out. The restaurant looks like they transported it from up state New York. The fries are good but the onion rings are REALLY good. They have ice cream shakes and other drinks. They also have a unique Loganberry drink. I guess I am a novice of Loganberry, but it tasted like a grape juice fruit punch to me. If you go at the wrong time the lines will be long. It is worth the wait for sure. The lines are long because if you want a hot dog, this is the place to go. I highly recommend Teds to fans of char broiled Hot Dogs or Hot Dog lovers in general.
5	Simply the best!  The dogs are grilled, NOT BOILED so they have that awesome "backyard" taste to them.  Avoid lunch rush or you'll be in line for a very long time.  But if you have the time, it's well worth it to see your dog cooked right before your eyes and dressed the way YOU want it.
3	i can't believe it took me so long to finally try Ted's.pretty straightforward hot dogs, i got a regular hot dog with a side of cheez (not CHEESE, because it was liquefied and nuclear orange) and a side of chili. i thought it was pretty good, the chili was a little oily, but fairly tasty.  the cheez could have come from circle k for all i know, it was REALLY thick though. like my spoon stood up in it thick.the fries and onion rings are pretty darn tasty too. i didn't ask for ranch, i'm not sure if they have it. i'm going back, so i'll find out!hit the spot!
4	This is a great place to go if you're in the Tempe area and have a craving for a good hot dog. Make sure you're not in a rush when you come here because you do have a bit of a wait after placing your order but it's worth it. The grilled taste of the wiener sets this apart from hot dogs from other places. I also liked the onion rings a lot; they were very lightly battered and an order is quite generous - enough for two people.  Lots of seating, indoor and outdoor, and a very relaxed atmosphere.
4	Ted's is a Buffalo Hot Dog place, transplanted into the Valley of the Sun.  Lesson #1: Keeping a Hot Dog from curing...as the fat cooks and liquefies, a hot dog can curl up on the ends...to prevent this...cut the #*%@ out of it. You can watch the highly sharpened forks go to work on the dogs as sort of a show before getting your food.  This place has thrived on the corner of McClintock and Broadway for many years.  A very limited menu and the dogs great taste make the difference here.As for the downside, this Chicago guy likes his dog with the sport peppers.  Jalepenos are close, but not the same...and I miss the neon green relish and especially the poppy seed bun.  The dog itself tastes great.  Less satisfying where the onion rings...a greasy mess and the fries are just average.Still, the place is packed during lunch as hoards from all professions descend on the corner.  It's hard not to be a fan of Ted's.
5	Another classic from Buffalo NY! This is yet another reason to visit Buffalo, the food is incredible and the best part: NO CHAIN RESTAURANTS!
4	I imagine this was your standard eatery before the fast food burger revolution of the 60s. Hot Dogs are definitely under served in the valley, because every time I go to Ted's or Costco I have to wait in a line. If you have a hankering for a dog and a pile of greasy fries you will like it. I seem to side with most of the other reviewers, this place doesn't blow my mind, just a solid choice.
4	Love everything about Ted's, except for the lines but they really need to start giving peeps FREE REFILLS on their drinks! Enough said.
5	I've been going to Ted's Hot Dogs my entire life, so my opinion may be a little biased. Nobody around has hot dogs as good as these guys. Lucky thing about Ted's is that they have 7 locations in and around Buffalo, New York and ONE in Arizona. What makes them great are the dogs, obviously. They still have the natural skin casings, so when they're cooked over the large charcoal grill the outsides get nice and chard 'n crispy. When you bite into one of these you get a nice satisfying POP. The toppings you can get are pretty standard but also very fresh, and the chili is very meaty and goes on perfect with a little bit of cheese. The other menu items are just as good. From Foot-longs, White Hots, and Bratwurst to Hamburgers, Corn dogs, and Chicken. It all gets thrown on the grill and cooked to perfection.Like I've said before my opinion is a little biased, Ted's being a childhood favorite of mine. But nobody stays open for more than 25 years, and still has a guaranteed line out the door during lunch time that isn't worth checking out.
4	To be honest this place has grown on me since I first went.  The first time I didn't really think it was all that special, but I've become a convert.  I'm not really a fan of the footlong, but the all-beef and regulars are great.  I like that the dogs are made fresh on the grill and you pick the toppings.  I usually go with the chili and cheese which are both tasty on the dog.  Skip the fries and go straight for the O-rings.  They are the best!  This place is almost always busy at lunch and you order while in line.  A tip: take a look at the menu and be ready to order before the line winds around.  The staff is quick and friendly.  If you like fresh hot dogs you'll enjoy this place!
3	Probably closer to 3.5 stars.  Ted's is definitely institutionalized as a Tempe tradition and landmark, and I can respect that.  And I guess as far as char-grilled hotdogs and diner burgers go, they really are quite satisfying, although subject to the occasional stale bun or overfried side.  So why can't I get myself to give it 4 stars, despite about 15 visits over the last 13 years?Is it the crowds?Is it the patently obvious middling meat quality?Is it the value (or lack of value) per item for stuff that isn't particularly difficult to imitate - and imitate perfectly  - at home?Is it the distance from where I live (north Phoenix, although I lived for many years in Tempe)?Is it the lighting, the short-order style line, or posters on the wall?I dunno.  I really don't.  But whatever it is (perhaps its the cumulative effect of all-of-the-above, none of which are too troubling individually), I uniformly have an A-OK yet ho-hum visit whenever I go to Ted's.  I suppose when nothing short of a hot dog will do, I will continue to go there, but I wouldn't drive 25 miles out of my way to pay $32.50 for a family of four for good (but not great) picnic food.*sigh*
4	I no longer eat meat but when I did, this place was a yummy treat! Footlongs, regulars, all beef, specialties...corn dogs, onion rings, fries. And lots of toppings! I can't say that eating here would change your life but it's a fun place to eat and it definitely shakes up having  regular hot dogs at home with mustard. They have lots of yummy fresh toppings (big pickle slices, kraut, tomatoes, chili, cheese, peppers, etc...) and they cook them right in front of you. Best part....super super cheap! I hate going to a hot dog place that costs a fortune...where you might as well have gone to a sit down restaurant. Ted's is very tastey; thumbs up!
5	You All have heard of the soup Nazi?  This is the hot dog Nazi..but well worth the abuse for the first timer.  You will be overwhelmed but you learn quick"
5	A staple of Tempe, all beef char grilled dogs to their finest.  This place is classic out of Buffalo, NY.  This place has been here forever and isn't going anywhere soon.  The secret? natural skin casings.  Grab yourself a loganberry drink and an all-beef and treat yourself, you deserve it.
4	A friend and I went to Teds Hot Dogs on a Friday evening, it was both of ours 1st time there and we were not disappointed. We too have to say Ted's Hot Dogs are among the best in the valley and how lucky are we to have Ted's out of his 7 locations, mostly being in the New York area, we have one in Tempe AZ!  Once you walk in you see where the line is forming, don't be alarmed, it's really not a slow moving line, once in line you place your order you can c watch your dog (or burger, but really who goes to a HOT DOG joint to order a burger?) cooking on a grill, getting plump and nice grill marks on them! Then once it is cooked, you will be asked what you want on it, now the chili cheese dog did look great but I went for an all-beef hot dog with mayo (that's how I like it) sliced pickles, grilled onions & peppers! BOY O BOY was it good!!  My friend ordered the foot long dog with chili. We also got some french fries & their freshly handmade onion rings, which were very good. They have other types of dogs on the overhead menu, brats, polish, white?, and reg dogs and the foot long & all beef.  Next time I will try the polish dog!
4	This is definitely a great place to go if you're looking for a good hot dog. Service is fast, and the food extremely enjoyable. The seating is clean, though the restaurant itself is a little dim. Great for fast, cheap, and delicious food.
5	What gets you 5 stars?  The best bratwurst and cheese fries I've ever had!!!!  This is consistently too, not just super great once because one time I was starving and this just happened to be what I could find to eat and mediocre every time after that.   have yet to be disappointed by Ted's.
5	Being from Western NY, this is how I like my hot dogs... sliced and grilled.The white hot was a disappointment, but I will give it another shot.
5	I have been eating here since '92 and I love their food.  They have made a few changes over the years that I don't agree with, but change is necessary.  The employees are courteous and the service is great.  It's amazing that the cook can remember all the orders he takes at one time without messing them up.  I would recommend to come before noon or between 1pm and 3pm on weekdays, or you will be waiting in a very long line.  Regardless, I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a good hot dog or hamburger.
2	I am pretty sure Ted's has its status as a go to place here in AZ because of nostalgia. There are many places out here that are really not that great but because growing up these poor bastards had no good food are way over-rated at this point. Ted's dogs are passable, their brats are just poor. The fries are awful. The last time I went there I had to fight vomiting for a bit after, I had two hot dogs (not usually a nausea inducing amount). Thankfully there are better places popping up all the time now. Better step it up Ted's all those people who've been going here for years are gonna die and you'll be out of luck. Also the teenage staff makes the experience no better!
5	What more can I say about Ted's that has not been said by everyone ?If you like violence and prefer your food to be poked, prodded & charred, then this is the right place for you.  After the hot dog master took your order, your victim is then put into the grilling line.  You will get the satisfaction of seeing your hot dog being tortured into a grotesque but tasty form.  When it is done, you can ask the hot dog prep master to camouflage it with multitude of tasty condiments.  I highly suggest the home made chili or hot sauce.  Once you are done, go back to the line and go order some more doggy goodness.
5	Imagine for a minute that you're waiting in a really long line. No, it's not the line ride. You see a menu on the wall with your ordering options, but before you are anywhere near someone that could take your order, you're yelled at."Hey! What do you want?"Don't be afraid, but don't be surprised either. Keep your cool and order your dogs. Immediately start thinking about if you want fries or rings (onion rings) and be prepared for when you're called upon again. Then watch as your hot dog is mutilated in front of your eyes and what appears on your tray is what looks like a hot mess of decapitated food.Never fear though... because it is amazing. Well worth the wait and one of the best dogs you'll ever have. My favorites here are the white hot and the bratwurst. Whenever I know I'm going, I end up salivating like Pavlov's dog for hours.The booths are classic hot dog stand style and the pennants lined up along the top of the walls are fantastic to look at. One started a whole conversation and research one day about a basketball team we knew nothing about.
4	Hot dogs original to Buffalo. How could it be wrong
5	Ted's is simply amazing. I love a charbroiled hot dog & Ted's is one of the few places you can get one in the valley. I wish they had more around town, but it is well worth the drive. Their mustard is something that dreams are made of... horseradishy yellow. They have all the great toppings to make a superior dog, cheese, chile, sauerkraut, mustard!, pickles, etc . Although I am not a fan of their chile, but to each there own. Also, their onion rings are delish, fresh and hand battered. Ted's is definitely a place to stop every now and then... or everyday.
5	I haven't had anything here that I didn't want more of! The BEST onion rings, hands down. I've yet to take a friend here who didn't love it.
4	A friend of mine has been telling me about Ted's for a while and I finally decided to go. The food was great! I had a "white hot" dog, some onion rings and their longberry juice drink. Everything was SO good, especially the rings. I give this 4/5 because I felt the prices were a little high for what it was. Knowing that I can hit up Costco and get a polish with a drink for 1.50 makes it hard to spend $9 on my meal. Other than price, it was excellent and worth the wait in the long line.
5	Great place to catch a summer dog. Good food, fast which is amazing given how popular they are and they have a fair amount of variety on their menu.
5	I absolutely love Ted's. Yes, there is generally a long line, but the hot dogs and cheese fries are worth the wait. It is an lovely inexpensive meal. Sometimes it can be a bit busy and loud, but the food makes it worth it. As a side note, if you get a milkshake, let it sit for a while before you sip it...because it's very thick and will be a slight pain to try to drink if you don't.
1	Made a point to stop by here whilre driving through because of my fellow yelper ratings. Ugh! What a terrible hot dog and brat. Chili dog was just bad and so was the brat that my husband ordered.  He absolutely LOVES hot dogs, so for him to lnot even finish eating eat and want to leave to go to in n out is a BAD sign.  The only consolation is the onionrings which by the way are excellent. What a shame.
5	I've visited a friend in the Phoenix area twice and both times we went to Ted's. The first visit was at his suggestion but the second time around, I pretty much demanded it. The line was pretty long each time, but for good reason...great food. REALLY like the charbroil aspect; I had a hot dog the first visit and a brat the second - both were worth writing home about. I remember the fries being pretty standard - not bad but nothing overly exciting. The staff were upbeat both times and I'm looking forward to my next visit. Excited to see they take debit/credit now!
5	I am from upstate New York so I must warn you that this review may be a little biased. Any place that has a white hot dog on their menu is going to be a favorite of mine. The onion rings were also yummy and next time I want to try a milk shake!. I definitely recommend stopping in. Ted's is a unique restaurant that makes me miss upstate NY!
4	This place has great hot dogs and a strong New York feel to it. Its the best place in Phoenix for hot dogs (yes there are better hot dog places in Tucson and throughout the US). The line can get long but its worth the wait. A must try if you live in Phoenix.
4	This is one of those places that are good because they simply been doing the same thing forever. The food isn't fancy. The toppings aren't new. The hot dogs are just done right.  Everything is inside from the tables to the grill have been in there since opening. The meat comes from Buffalo, NY and the grill is well seasoned from years of grilling. Thus making the best hot dog and brats in town.
3	I know that Ted's has been a Hot Dog institution in Tempe since like the 80's BUT, it's just okay. If you're a nostalgia fanatic you will love this place. If you like your food with more of modern twist this place isn't 'for you. I ate here today just after the big lunch rush and was underwhelmed. This was like my third visit and it seem like each time is less enjoyable.  This time I had the foot long chill cheese dog with peppers and a medium Logan Berry drink for $7.31. Granted I do like how the hot dogs are char grilled but I don't think that's enough to keep me coming here on a regular. I will say the brats are really good and one of kind, I like those and I'll stick to that when I come here.  Don't worry about good customer service either because the lady yelling at you "what do you want?" while you're in line will make you feel warm and fuzzy (I kid, but really that's the ordering process).
5	This is my kind of restaurant.  Very simple menu of things you would eat off the grill.  Burgers, hot dogs, brats all cooked over a charcoal grill.  There was a bit of a wait in line, but the price and taste of the food was worth the wait.Great place...will be back
2	Everything about Ted's is mediocre. I had a hot dog, fries, and a vanilla malt. It was just average, run-of-the-mill food. The prices aren't that good either. I don't know what people see in this place. It doesn't live up to the hype.
4	I go here for the smell- really. I show up just to stand in the lazy broken line, while listening to golden oldies on archaic speakers and bathing in the majestic vapors of percolating chargrilled meats. It's a serendipitous slice of Americana that had previously been reserved for a pleasant valley Sunday sometime before I was born.and it's available nearly any day of the week right here in sunny Tempe, Arizona.......' ERE.
5	I friggin' love hot dogs, and this place does NOT disappoint!If you've ever been there you know there's probably going to be a long line when you arrive.. but you wait anyway because it's Ted's Hot Dogs and it's delicious! The line goes fast, and before you know you it you are up there placing your own order.The menu is pretty simple: Hot dogsBut there's a variety of different kinds, ranging from your basic doggy, to delicious savory bratwurst, and various delicious sausage treats in between. They cook it right in front of you, as you direct the condiment distribution... my mouth is usually watering throughout this entire process.I have never had a bad experience with Ted's, and although some people complain about the line I have never had it take more than 5-10 minutes to get through... and it's well worth it!
4	Ted's Hot Dogs is a fun place to have lunch.  It's kind of a nostalgic sort of place with memorabilia on the walls.  You will feel like you've gone back to a simpler time when you eat at Ted's.  My favorite is the All Beef hot dog but they also serve hamburgers, french fries, onion rings, milk shakes, etc...  I would have given Ted's 5 Stars but their bathroom is too small for all of the crowds they get here. Hard to get a seat here if you know what I mean.  Give it a try.  You won't be disappointed! Just make sure you use the facilities at home before you go.
2	The place has a lot a variety in hot dogs, so if you wanna try something different than the usual meat and bun, it's a good place to start. If you are already pretty clever with grilling up you own, I think you may be a little disappointed. If you already buy good quality hotdogs, from the store, then the taste won't WOW you.
5	A simple and inexpensive place with tasty hot dogs, corn dogs and hamburgers. All the ingredients are imported from Buffalo and upstate New York. It reminds me of barbeques in the backyard while growing up. Thanks Spiro for bringing some New York magic to Arizona. All that's missing is Genesee Cream Ale.
5	Best hotdogs in AZ. If you like the burnt dog taste...this is your place. GOOD LORD it's worth the long lines. I've been going to this place since I was a kid and I'm so glad it's still around. AZ needs a place like this, since things close here usually within a couple years. This is a must!!!!!
1	Worst hot dog place..dogs were tasteless, service was a joke.  Place is a dump.
4	Great hotdogs. Pretty simple toppings, but this place is def. more classic than adventurous.Hotdog, fries, onion rings, all are good. Don't be discouraged by the lines, as it moves quickly. Be ready for your order, as they will take orders as fast as they can.
5	One of my favorites places to grab a delicious Cheeseburger and practically any type of hot dog. Don't be scared if there is a line it moves quickly and its well worth the wait!Their milkshakes and cheese fries are pretty tasty aswell!
5	Hands Down The BEST Dogs Anywhere.
5	My fiance introduced this place to me when I first moved here and I was in love! I really enjoy seeing the food on the grill being made and the service is always friendly! and the food is fresh! You can't go wrong with a hot dog and chili cheese and hot fries! Yum yum! ;)
5	Great hot dog place. It is almost always packed, which is a good thing. I love their unique charcoal cooking method that they stoke right in front of you. It's affordable and excellent taste, includes all the fixins you'd want. It's hard to find a good dog place. Sometimes you have to settle for the Shcnitz if you aren't close Ted's. Love it!
2	Sheesh. What is it with people here? It's a [bleep] hot dog. Just a hot dog. Yet, time and time again, there's a line wrapped around the building five times over. I don't care if the best [bleep] hot dog in all of North [bleep] America: I get claustrophobic any time I'm in there. Isn't it time Ted stepped up to the 21st Century? It's like the place is run with all the professionalism of a kid's lemonade stand. Yeah, I get that everything's grilled to order, but if you're that hard up to be waiting for literally fifteen to twenty minutes for some footlong and relish, there's something seriously wrong with you. A previous Yelper wrote that "sometimes it's crowded"? SOMETIMES? Gee... ya think?
5	I can't believe I haven't wrote a review for Ted's yet! By far, one of my favorite places to go. You can get full off of some tasty food for a great price. I normally get a hot dog with mayo, onion, hot sauce and a pickle. I also like the corn dog and onion rings. I can always get a satisfying and fulfilling meal for $5-7. Love it!Can get a little crowded on the weekends, but generally all the people are pretty fast and nice.
5	I've been going to Ted's for 10 years. It's the best grilled hotdog place in the Valley. The lines are always long, but they get you out surprisingly quickly. You can watch the grill person as the cooking is done. I love it! The buns are fresh, the dogs snap at you as you bite into them......heaven.
3	Stopped in here today with Robyn N. to give the place an update & try a new kind of hot dog.  This time I went with a Bratworst, plus a few shared Onion Rings & a Chocolate Malt.  Here's how it went:The good:*  Delicious hot dog, just as the regular type was the last time I came!     :-))The not as good:*  Last time my malt was thin, so I asked them to make it thick this time.  It was better, but still didn't measure up to the ones at Smashburger, for example.*  None of the "Onion Rings" were actually rings, but rather "Onion Strings", & I didn't think they were as good as the ones at, say, Lenny's Burger.  So far we're at 4 Stars.*  They have deleted the prices from the menu on their Website!  I don't know how others feel about that, but I don't like a restaurant hiding their prices!  If you're ashamed of them, lower them!  Minus another Star!And yes, Ted's here IS a bit expensive.  Of course they would argue, "But we're busy!"  Yes, you can get away with it because your hot dogs are so good, but I think it's rude to put up the menu on your Website & leave the prices off.  That's car dealer crap!My old haunt, Pinks Hot Dogs over in L.A., is also busy & a little high (about the same prices as here), but at least they say on their website, "Here is our complete menu.  Please come have a hot dog!  ... or don't!  (Then you DO go, by the way, because their hot dogs are super good, like here!)Ted's Bratwurst Hot Dog $3.45, Malt $3.05.I'll probably be back.     :-))
3	I wasn't impressed.  I was excited to try this place after reading so many of the great reviews, and when Rand suggested we go here for lunch I was all for it.  I had a regular hot dog, yes they are grilled (not flame grilled) but the hot dogs are sitting out on the back of the grill before they're put on the hot part.  I thought the hot dog was bland and not very tasty, even after adding some spicy mustard, onions, pickle and tomato.  The onion rings were fresh, but super greasy and the batter had no flavor at all.  A little salt would have done wonders, and I rarely put salt on anything.  I even like my french fries unsalted.I do give them a star for having diet Dr Pepper though!Give me a Vienna hot dog any day over Ted's.I probably won't be back.
5	Ted's is the Bomb Susan! Find me a better corn dog or chili cheese dog in Arizona. The only place I've had a better corn dog is at Disneyland(That's right Disneyland Susans) Ted's has really good cheese and cheese fries. This place is serious!
4	How I've missed you old friend! I haven't been to Ted's in some time, but took my brother in law from out of town there. Ted's hasn't changed, same great food and long line! Can't beat the way they cook a hot dog. I also tried a shake for the first time. The shake wasn't the best I've had, but definitely very good. I'd get another shake there anytime.
4	Delish.In the midst of my break (okay, lapse) from vegetarianism, I sought out this place for meaty delights.  When I want meat, I don't look for a steak--I want burgers and dogs, and Ted's did not disappoint.With many dogs, the primary taste is from whatever condiments you put on the wiener.  With Ted's dogs, you get a smoky, slightly burnt taste of a REAL charcoal grilled frank that is enhanced by your custom toppings.My tastes are simple and easy to please.  I like a foot long with just extra deli mustard--don't need more than that.  My wife likes more--mustard, ketchup, a little relish, and pickles.  Doesn't matter how you want it--Ted's will serve it up awesome.  Add fries and you've got a full meal for cheap.Forget Circle K, and Wienerschnitzel can bite me.  Ted's has the dogz you're looking for.
4	Great food, and the Loganberry is awesome, but the fries could be better
1	We were going to eat at Beavers Choice but they were closed today. We decided to try Ted's Hot Dogs since so many people everywhere including the workplace rave about this place. Our order was taken and we got to the part were they top your order I noticed they put BBQ sauce on my no sauce chicken sandwich. I didn't want to hold up the long line to ask for a replacement.THE MAIN REASON FOR THE ONE STAR RATING I tasted my iced tea and I am not certain what they filled my cup with? I didn't see bubbles for soda but it didn't taste like iced tea but the color was sort of dark. I asked my husband to taste it and he couldn't tell me what it was either. I think it might have been a mix of iced tea and diet soda syrup. I did NOT drink it and took a few sips of my husbands soda. If I can't trust them to give me iced tea that is a problem. The hot dog is extra fatty and greasy, the BBq chicken sandwich is overpowered with sauce and grizzle.AlsoThe onion rings were a bag of greasy unseasoned crumbs with only a few pieces of onion. I know most people Love Ted's and they are most likely OK most of the time so give them a try!
3	Tried a foot long with onion rings.  The hot dog was good, and a great value.  The onion rings were just ok, they were more like strings than rings.  Overall I see why this place stays so busy, it's good for a quick bite.
4	Was back in town for a friend's wedding and I came to Ted's the next morning.  I went to ASU and used to eat here all the time.  It is as good as I remember it.I don't mess with the fries or onion rings anymore because I think they are just average.  Start my order with one red hot.  Then it's a chili cheese dog with onions.  Awesome!!  Always get one red hot and go from there.
1	I heard so many great things about it, I stopped once with my family to find that they only took cash but didn't have an ATM in the lobby. So I went back when I was on my way to school to grab something and got a seriously bad stomach ache. Very disappointed
4	Ted's offers a pretty good dog.  I'm not crazy about hot dogs but this person I know couldn't shut up about them so I had to fill the craving.  Ted's did the trick.Very friendly, quick service, delicious dog, great toppings.
5	With a line already at the door, one knows Ted's serves up some mighty yummy dogs. In addition, their "white hots" are fab, as well as their burgers. I'm not keen on their fries or onion rings, but that is just my personal taste...they are both fresh and the rings are home made.The flavor of Ted's hotdogs are unmatched. Go!
3	HEART BURN CITY! hot dogs, burgers, fries- about $3-4 each. Its like a subway for hot dogs. They grill it and the next person fills it with whatever you like. then you move down to pay. Choices of your meat: brats, all beef, polish, etc..Toppings: Kraut, ketchup, mustard, pickles, relish, onions, chili, melted cheese sauce, italian peppers. The onion rings were great. Thin and thick, reminds me of Chilis onion rings. We are visitors from CA and cam across this place after a baseball game. It was a good fix, but we ran to Walgreens for Tums right after.
4	Hot Dogs!  you either love em or hate them.  I have to say Ted's are some of the best.  I always have the all beef and change up the toppings.  There are a lot of toppings to chose from and don't forget to order their onion rings or fries a plenty.  And their milkshakes are the best.Ted's makes hot dogs awesome.  If you need a hot dog fix head over to Ted's.  Yes there will be a line, yes you will get to know the people around you and yes you will have an awesome experience.
5	When it comes to fine hotdoggary, look no further.  UNIX has the philosophy of: "Do One Thing and Do It Well."  I guarantee you they stole that from Ted's as Ted's has been doing that since 1927, and UNIX only since '69.  They charcoal broil their dogs, which gives them an awesome flavour.  I have never been disappointed by a trip to Ted's, and I bet you won't be either.  They have plenty of parking, lots of seating, and several options and variations for you.  I brought my little nephew when they visited from out of town...he loved a place devoted to the hot dog.
3	1. Hot dog was grilled just right and good size.2. Hot dog and fries could have a lil more flavor.3. Nice atmosphere.
2	Being a hot dog fanatic, I truly wanted to love Ted's, but in reality it fell flat upon its face. Although the dogs are grilled over a charcoal grill, they're really nothing better than what I can purchase at my local grocery store, as are the buns, additions and condiments. We were stunned to see the corn dogs were the same brand we buy from Safeway! The portions are meager, the staff kept getting orders confused, and the place was a mess. All in all, we were not impressed. If you're gonna charge that kind of money, then you should dazzle your guests, not send them home wanting more.
2	I feel like this is a blasphemous review, but these hot dogs are no more remarkable than what I can whip together at home. My bf and I had dinner here last night, and I had been here once before about 4 years ago. I had the all beef dog with ketchup and onions with onion rings, my bf had bratwurst and french fries, and we split a strawberry shake. The front of the counter is a little unorganized, and I can only imagine what it's like when it's busy, but the staff was nice and accurate. My bf loves this place, but the best thing about my experience was the shake.
3	First off, the chili cheese and onion regular hot dog I got was really good. I usually don't like hot dogs. Fries are nothing special but the onion rings are extremely  yummy and freshly made every day. But besides that the place is a mess, there's a certain woman upfront who doesn't speak good English so it's hard to place an order. The place was a really mess of people and it takes a while to actually get your food, in other words, it's not exactly fast food. So I wouldn't go again unless I craved a hot dog really really bad. The atmosphere is what sucks the most.
5	Great doggies and onion rings
5	The best hot dogs around and the fries are to die for. Anyone who loves hot dogs needs to eat at Ted's, and that's all I have to say about that :)
2	Cook line is slow. Another Yelper said it best. "Good food but run like a kids lemonade stand." Management, you make people wait unnecessarily. Food is good and hot. Try waiting in your own line and you will see what I mean.
5	Ted's is AWESOME.From the way they cook their dogs to the quality of their ingredients, you cant go wrong eating at Ted's. We always take people from out of town here and they all wish they had a Ted's in their town.I always get an all beef w/ (my version of) Chicago style fixings. They have celery salt! Just ask!I love their onion rings. As an onion enthuiest, Im never impressed w/ onion rings that are all batter. Ted's has the perfect amount. My hubby, being an onion hater, always goes for the cheese fries.How can you NOT love Ted's?!
4	I really love a good hot dog and Ted's does just about the best version of it around here.  I LOVE the hot sauce on the dogs.  The shakes are good too.  The onion rings are not my favorite they are to shoe stringy.  I prefer thicker cut onion rings.  The fries are decent.  My son LOVES the corn dogs and the white hots while my daughter prefers the foot long.
3	I've downgraded Ted's unfortunately.  In the many times I have gone back, when I have had the footlong, every time I've been disappointed.  I remember it tasting better.  I think it just tastes funky. I don't know if they don't cook it enough.  I also have had the White Hot Dog made of veal- that was forgettable.  I'm sticking to the All Beef.  Cheese Fries are still awesome however.
4	I was skeptical, but pleasantly surprised. The hot dogs were grilled to order and they had just about all of the condiments needed. I didn't try the Ted's Hot Sauce, which I will the next time I go. There was a line, as many reviewers mentioned, but it went by pretty fast, Ted's kept it moving. We also got a table for 4 with no problem. Great place!
4	These are not like my Chicago dogs I grew up with but are tasty none the less.  When you are in line make sure you know what you want and pay attention cause they keep the line moving.  Fries are good and of course so are the dogs.
4	Great hotdog and good service.  Lots of condiments to choose.  It's a good place to get a quick lunch.
5	The meal I was looking forward to the most this trip was Teds.  Once again Teds proved that it is the best!  This was our meal on the way out of the desert.  6 hours later I'm still drooling just thinking about how great it was!I went with a quad of encased meats.  I got an Italian Sausage, a Bratwurst, a White Hot, and a jumbo All Beef Hot Dog.  Yes that is a lot of dogs...and yes they were all devoured in record time.  I got a loganberry shake and my wife got some fries and a chocolate shake.  Total damage was like $23.00 or so.In order of greatness.1.  Italian Sausage-  These things are great.  Still the best Italian Sausage I have ever had.  Got this one topped with mustard and onions.  Delicious, spicy, flavorful etc.  It was a great sausage.2.  Bratwurst-  Topped with mustard and onion.  Similar texture to the Italian but more smoky and less spicy.  A fantastic sausage.3.  White Hot-  Its a mix of veal, pork and beef.  Its a plump sausage with a white color.  I got that topped with mustard and onions also.  This one didn't have as much flavor as the other 2 but it was still excellent.4.  Jumbo Beef Dog-  This one I got topped with mustard, onions, relish and their hot sauce.  It was a huge plump all beef dog.  It was bigger and thicker than any of the sausages.  It was great as well but I would have preferred another Italian or Brat instead of this thing....and that's saying something.....ALL of their hot dogs/sausages here are great....some are just greater than others.Fries-  Real crispy shoestring fries.  They were perfect. Shakes-  Loganberry.  Delicious!  Not too sweet and a perfect consistency to suck through the straw.  A tad small, but it was only like $2.00 so that's understandable. People in Phoenix/Tempe/Scottsdale sure are lucky.  This is the only Teds outside of upstate NY.  There should be more of these.  They are some great hot dogs and are some of the best I have ever had.  I will continue to come to AZ just for these things.  These hot dogs/sausages are THAT GOOD!
4	I was a little nervous when I saw the line but I figured if there were that many people waiting it must be worth it.  Luckily the line moved quickly.  The hot dog was pretty good but the Italian sausage was one of the best I've ever had.  The fries were just so-so.  The Italian sausage will probably bring me back a few more times.
5	In celebration of National Hot Dog Day, Thomas and I made a special trip to Ted's. I have never been there and I am now sad that I have been missing such a GREAT spot! I shouldn't go much further without stating that I do not like hot dogs. But when I finished my dog, I was contemplating getting another one. I got the 'all beef' with mustard, cheese sauce, chili, and onions and cheese fries. I wish I would've skipped the fries, I would have definitely been able to get another dog down.The cheese sauce isn't worth the extra $.60 on the dog or the fries- you'll be much better off just skipping it.
5	Best hot dog in Phoenix, hands down. Very nice atmosphere and dogs are grilled right in front of you. What it great about this place is that it is a family owned business and you can see historic pictures from the original place in New York. A can't miss in Tempe.
4	Don't let the long line scare you, they're good at moving the customers through and with a friendly smile, to boot. They make fancy dogs and they're the huge diamondback dog style and thickness. They're pretty tasty. The only downside is maybe you'll pay a bit much for hello? a fancy hot dog. Their chocolate malt is this weird color of diarrhea, but again, don't let that fool you, because it's pretty cold and thick and tastes really good, but then, what's up with the off color? It's a shade you just wouldn't expect. When it's super busy, they run the risk of paper and junk on the floor but I saw an employee trying to keep up with picking it up. On one occasion I was stranded and nearly dehydrated (bad experience with the shitty bus system) and I was forced to take shelter here. They gave me water and nobody make a kink about having to purchase something while I waited for my husband to pick me up.
5	This is the best place to get hotdogs in the Phoenix area! This is a transplant of a small Buffalo,NY hotdog chain.  The meat is flown in several times a week from Buffalo.  The dogs are great! The Weber's mustard is also a local Buffalo condiment. Don't forget the Ted's sauce on your dog too. It's basically a combination of ketchup with slightly spicey tomato relish. You can also get a foot long or a "jumbo" (really thick) hotdog. The "Jumbo" burgers are great too.  They serve Polish and Italian sausage too.  The onion rings are a great side.  You know the food is great here because there's always a line.                Be prepared to order your dogs, burgers etc while standing in line.  Don't  be one of those people that holds the line up by not having a clue what you want. If you've never been there before, read the menu posted above the grill area. You don't have to tell them the toppings you want until you reach the cash register area and your stuff is cooked.  After your order your dogs they will ask you if you want any fries or rings,  then later they will ask what you want to drink.  This type of ordering confuses some people.  It keeps the line moving, so play along and enjoy some great dogs!                                                                                                                                If you want to bring some stuff home to enjoy later, they sell the hotdogs in 5 lb bags(roughly$5 per pound.) They also sell jars of the Ted's sauce and the Weber's mustard)
5	I have wanted to eat here for some time and finally did so today. It was a long but fast moving line of those with sausages ordering to eat the same. If you a young lady on the prowl this is the place for you. The all beef dog was perfect!!!! The cheese fries were yummy.  All for less than seven bucks. A great lunch. I plan on going back on Monday for a brat.
4	My daughter and I went for the first time on Sunday and was quite surprised. There was a huge line and there is a reason why. The hot dogs are delish and the fries are super awesome with either the cheese sauce or the malt vinegar mixed with ketchup... YUMMOH!  We will be back to try the shakes, burgers and onion rings!
5	Ted's is a classic Tempe landmark. I grew up ni Tempe and this place always brings back great memories. The food is all made from scratch fresh each day. The staff is always friendly. Try the italian sausage and potato salad. Ted's never disappoints.Get there by 11 for an early lunch or after 1pm to avoid the massive lines.
4	Vegetarians beware! There's not much of interest here for you unless you like a good crispy French Fry. This is a student staple because of the larger portions and rock bottom price (it's practically cheaper than a McDonald's these days). There is a ton of cool sporting and Ted's memorabilia on the wooden walls, and the ceiling has these goofy light panels that make it look like the blue sky, except faded from the lights. This place is usually jam-packed on the weekends but things move QUICK. The person at the grill usually shouts for your order when you are 3-6 people from the grill, so pay attention! The employees love it when things move like clockwork. A great place, but usually one I save for a hangover day.
2	Friendly service and a funky throwback ambiance make this place a fun alternative to delicious food.  I love a good hot dog, but I'm not convinced that Ted's serves one.   Still, it may be worth a trip to bask in their quirky ambience... And who knows, maybe one of their Loganberry milkshakes.  But, hotdogs, I'll cozy up to a Sonoran stand next time I have a craving.
2	Over-hyped and mediocre. Apparently people have never had a char-grilled dog with natural casing. Overall they are not cheap for what you get. Never been impressed by this place despite eating here a half dozen times. The hot dogs at Joe's farm house grill, Sonoran style dogs from Nogales hot dogs, and Short leashes dogs are wayyyy tastier.TLDR..... MEH
4	My husband and kids really liked this place. The hot dogs and chili cheese fries are great!
4	Best hot dog in the Valley! They charbroil your dog right in front of you, offer a variety of fresh condiments, and consistently have good crispy fries.
5	We just heard about Ted's from a friend, I'm really glad that we did. When we walked in, there was a pretty long line, which to me meant that we were in for a treat. I had the Bratwurst Dog, my wife had the all beef. We are both used to Chicago Style Dogs, these are very different. The way they are cooked on the grill, the way they are poked at by the cook, I really enjoyed it. Try the onion rings, we liked those as well. It has a very unique vibe, we will be back.
4	We have enjoyed Ted's on many, many occasions over the years and continue to stop by when in the mood. Hot dogs are consistently above the norm. There are other variations in the Valley that are also very good but Ted's has its own unique flavor and texture. Prices are fair and the ambiance is "old school." Don't expect to be waited on but the staff is always courteous. I like the all beef with mustard, onion and pickle. How much more "all American hot dog" can you get? Some places use gimmicks and bizarre hot dog creations to attract. You won't find those at Ted's. We enjoyed Ted's again this week and the reason I am not giving 5 stars is their onion rings seem to have become a bag full of little crunchy things lately. Years ago they were large, juicy rings with a tasty batter. Our recent experiences with them have been a little disappointing... too many little crunchies. We will continue to patronize when in the mood.
4	I really like this place. The dogs, burgers, and fries are good and the price can't be beat. There is a reason the line is always so long around lunch and dinner time.
5	You like hotdogs?  Motor (thats me) says get in your Mommy's oldsmobuick and get over to TEDS!  AND you sissys that like "sonoran" style dogs talking smack about Teds, go back to Tucson and eat your fru fru pineapple topped dogs with peanut butter.   This is old style, 4th of July chargrilled hotdogs and hamburgers.  Makes my mouth water.  Ok so visualize and taste this in your mind.  First the juicy hamburgers that have the hardwood charcoal taste that makes your mouth water.  The crispy ice berg lettuce, juicy tomato and onion make this a purist burger lover's dream.  Real good home made taste.   So now act you like you always do on the 4th of July and get an all beef hotdog.  First a warning.  You will crave their hotdogs after you eat em.  The crispy plump skin that cracks in your mouth and the taste is like when you were a kid and watching the fire works on the fourth.  Add the spicy brown mustard with their ketchup "hot sauce" and buddy you got yourself dilemma.  The dilemma you ask? Is do you order one more hotdog cause they are soooo goood!  Try the Italian for a spicy dog.  Don't start with me on the fries and onion rings.  Just make sure you wear your fat pants.  Motor out and going back for another dog.
4	Great place to go for some Chicago style dogs. The price is a little steep for what you get. Also, don't expect fast service here, but that is understandable seeing as how they cook everything fresh. On a bad note, the last time I was in I ordered a brat and I asked for sauerkraut , BUT THEY DIDN'T HAVE ANY!!!
4	Great place to have a Buffalo NY style hot dog. I love this place and it is close to work. Fun atmosphere with old timey music playing inside. You will often see Spiro who is the descendant of the famous Ted in there talking with a bunch of typical regulars.I usually get a couple of the All Beef Jumbo Dogs flown in from NY with whatever I want on them with a side of melted cheese and some pickle spears. The chili is pretty good also. You can pick from a large array of items to put on your wiener or burger. They cook it right in front of you while you wait. You can smell the tasty aroma of the mesquite charcoal in the parking lot before you enter. Onion rings made from scratch. They have footlongs, brats, polish, white hots (which I call bockwurst) and more. Some of them made here locally at one of my favorite sausage places in central Phoenix. They also have tasty hamburgers and chicken along with homemade ice cream shakes. Gets really busy with a long line during peak lunch hours. Get there before 11am or after 1pm. Poke me with a fork I'm done!
5	Best hot dog you'll ever eat. Hands down. No argument.  Pumped they now take credit cards! The line goes fast, don't leave because there always is a line.  So worth it. Onion Rings are great. Ted never disappoints.
4	I have gone to Teds a couple of times and like it a lot. The chili dogs are really good and come in 6 in or 12 in. It gets really busy and the line can be long at times but seems to go fast. The only thing I don't like is the feeling of being rushed when you order but other then that it is worth the hustle. The onion rings and shakes are really good too. The menu is very simple with just a few things on it and instead of having a ton of food they picked to perfect the few items they do have. I would recommend trying this place at least once and I think you will be hooked.
4	Had to give them some love, just eat here the other day, been there tons of times best dogs ever flame broiled you can burn em if you want... Chili and cheese are both great stuff. Only thing they always have a big line but that's tells you the place is a Tempe staple!
5	Got to talking with friend Mark R. yesterday about the hot dogs here at Ted's & I've been dieing for one ever since, so I whipped over there this morning to grab one before the famous waiting line gets long.For this visit I had Chef Maria whip me up the following order (& posted a photo of it):*  Footlong Hot Dog with a good amount of mustard on both sides plus diced onion, lots of sauerkraut & a couple of pickle spears on top.  ($3.69)*  Chocolate Malt, extra thick.  ($3.09)Both the hot dog and the 16 oz. Malt were just terrific!  They barbecue the weiners on a REAL WOOD fire & was it ever good.  The malt, made with real ice cream and milk was just the right viscosity to be thick yet you could drink it without the whole thing just hitting you in the face in one big gob...  so embarassing on a first date.     :-)*  Current prices now posted on their Website, as the should be?  Yes.*  Five Stars this time?  ABSOLUTELY!     :-))
5	Still my favorite hot dogs.  We started the trip and ended the trip with meals at Teds.First visit-  Got there about 2pm on Saturday afternoon.  I have never seen a line of more than 5-7 people here at Teds.  We walked in and there was a line about 30 people deep.  I don't know if everyone was getting their hot dog fix since they were closed on Easter or what,  but it was busy!  Waited in line and placed my order for a Footlong, Polish, White Hot and a Corn Dog. (This trip, I was going to eat every hot dog they had....veggie and kids hot dogs don't count ;-) lol)  Washed it down with a loganberry shake.  My wife got some fries.  Second visit-  Got there around 10:30am and there were only 2 people in front of us.  Today I placed my order for a Bratwurst, Italian, All Beef and Regular Dog.  My wife got a hamburger and some onion rings.  Washed it down with another loganberry shake.To add to my previous review, in my opinion, this is the order of greatness of Teds dogs/sausages.1. Italian- My favorite.  Spiced right and always delicious. A must order every time!2. Bratwurst- Close runner up to the Italian.  A must order every time!3. Polish- Another great sausage. 4. Regular Dog- The classic.5. All Beef Dog- Huge and beefy.6. White Hot- Wont get it again probably.  Not enough flavor.7. Corn Dog- Foster Farms regular corn dog.  Fried proper but plain.  I can make one like that myself at home.8. Foot Long- Tastes different than the other dogs.  Bun was stale, have not liked it the 2 times I ordered it.  Wont ever get it again.Cant wait to go back.  The dogs are always delicious!
3	The dog itself was dee-lish. Crispy, grilled skin and a juicy inside...soft, steamed bun... But I made the mistake of ordering the chili cheese dog and the chili was awful. Seriously, resembled lumpy ketchup in both appearance and taste.Battered, thin-cut onion rings were fine but only after I added quite a bit of salt.Enjoyed the Loganberry Shake!Next time, I'll keep it simple with mustard and red relish. The burgers looked pretty tasty too...I'll be back.
1	Unfortunately something isn't the same - I can't put my finger on it, but the service and food has changed from what Ted's used to be- even at the Buffalo NY locations. It doesn't feel like a family owned business and the employees just don't seem to care. The hot dogs also taste different that they were 20 years ago- cutting costs?
3	Was impressed.... At first....  Burgers are not the same.  All the dogs and brats are good, but not quite great.  Onion rings are great.  So is the setting of all the Buffalo college posters and pix on walls.  All that shines and glitters from the outside, doesn't make the dog taste better....  Great location of major cross streets.
5	Best hot dogs in Phoenix, hands down.. The dogs are all grilled upon order, right in front of you! For $10 you can get a jumbo foot-long (with anything on it), large fries, and a large drink.. Great spot for America's favorite wieners.. *With a splash of Buffalo, New York to it*
5	Great flamed broiled hot dogs, white hots, and great cheeseburgers, onion rings Wow, French frys freshly made, the red sauce for the hot dogs.Been  there 100's of times never bad
5	This was a staple during my pregnancy. Ted's is totally worth the wait, although I've never encountered really bad lines. The onion rings are just... omg. I always get the beef hot dogs. Perfect every time! Definitely a must for the weiner-lovers out there ;-)
4	The assortment of hot dogs and sausages here are great.  As long as you don't stray off the dog menu, you are golden.The onion rings are very bland, steer clear of those.  The Burgers are pretty simple as well.But the sausages, oh the sausages!  The All Beef Hot Dog and the Italian Sausage are excellent, well worth the wait.The Polish, corn dog and regular dogs are good, but not quite the bang of the Italian or All Beef.The chili is decent, not very spicy at all, so maybe get some hot sauce on the side to add if you like your chili with some zing.Overall, I definitely love this place, and will be a regular.  Once I have tried everything a few times, I will settle into a routine of delicious dogs and sausages.
4	Ted's is where you go for hot dogs in the valley.That would be a perfectly acceptable review of Ted's Fine Perfectly Charred Spectacularly Plump And Juicy Hot Dogs and (unfortunately) indicative of their shortcomings as well.Ted's certainly has the best dogs in the area. The All Beef and Polish are out of this world, with the Foot Long and White Hots being entirely acceptable as well. The dogs are charred with precision and crackle in your mouth the way few can. If I spent hours trying to reveal a shortcoming in the dogs at Ted's, I would come up empty; they are defiantly tasty.So it's an absolute shame that nothing else on the menu is remarkable. The onion rings, fries, and chili are all passable items with nothing terrible to note. All are slightly between the descriptors 'bland' and 'your married friend's backyard party that wasn't awful but wasn't good either.' Even the lauded Loganberry shake tastes of awkwardly assembled syrup and soft-serve with no real heart to it. All of the sides pale even further when you return your attention to the marvelous hot dog in your hand.So just get two hot dogs and Ted's might just be perfect.
4	Ok so the vegetarian went into the hot dog shop...My friends dig this place quite a bit. I can even admit to liking the old school vibe of the place.  The staff are friendly although they do roll their eyes at ordering a "veggie dog" sometimes, but that is probably involuntary so we'll let it slide.  There always seems to be a line but it's not too bad of a wait to get your food. I have to give them props for having a vegetarian option for those of us who still like to hang out with meat eating friends.  The "veggie" dogs are cooked with the other meat so if you are super strict vegetarian then you may want to skip it. I do not have those qualms so I get mine with the homemade hot sauce and cheese.  They are pretty good for a veggie dog and oddly authentic tasting. Nothing to write home about, but hey what can you do? They have two excedingly awesome things if the meat or "veggie" dogs freak you out, the onion rings and the milk shakes.Try:- Onion Rings "Crispy"- Milk Shakes
5	Took the short 15 minute drive out to Broadway and McClintock today and ordered up an all-beef hot dog with chili, cheese and onions, and an Italian Sausage dog with mustard, ketchup and a pickle. Both dogs were near perfect.  Some nice char on both dogs providing a good crunch. The only suggestion would be to amp up their chili a little bit.  It's pretty bland, but is otherwise fine.  I meant to get a side of hot sauce, but forgot.  I think that might have improved the chili cheese dog a bit.  The Italian sausage was mildly spicy with very good flavor. I also had the onion rings.  I thought they were very good.  Nice strong onion taste and fresh and hot.  I was there on a Saturday morning just after 11, and there at least 15 people in line ahead of me.  That being said, the line moves fairly quickly.  They are efficient at what they do - don't wait until the last second to make your decisions.  They griller will yell out well ahead in line asking what you want.  Be prepared to yell your order out to him as he'll need to be able to hear your from a little bit of a distance.  They need to do this to get the dogs on the grill for you so that by the time you get to the condiment man, your dogs will be ready.  You'll just need to repeat your order to the condiment person so he knows which ones to grab, then you tell him what you want on each one.  Then he hands your completed order off to the cashier - and your done.  By the time I left, there were at least 30 people in line.  It's a pretty popular place - with good reason.  All the staff I interacted with were very friendly.It's a good thing for my general well-being and overall health that this place isn't closer to me.  I would eat there a lot.  As it is, it's just far enough away that I'll go maybe once every 2-3 months.
5	This place has AWESOME hot dogs!  They are thick and juicy on a delicious warm bun.  The fries are pretty great too.  Be warned that there is a wait here, but it goes pretty quickly and there is a reason why people line up for these things.
2	Still trying to figure out what the big deal is about this place.Onion rings were good, so I'll give them that.Had a foot long and a regular chili dog.Foot long was average pretty much in every way.  Bun was slightly stale and hard.Chili dog was average.  Chili was below average.Diet Dr Pepper was more soda water than Dr Pepper.If you measure all hot dogs on the planet on straight line continuum with the $1.50 Costco special being the mid point, I'm not sure this place measures up to the mid point.One other thing...$12 bucks and change for a foot long, chili dog, onion rings and a soda...YIKES!!!But then again, maybe I just don't get it.2.5 wasn't a choice, but 3 is to high.
3	I came to Ted's last week to meet up with the lunch UYE group, but I was a little late and they were on their way out.  So, I waited in the line, alone, to order a dog to go.  The funny thing, they call to you from behind the grill to place your order.  As they were calling for my attention, I looked around over my shoulder as if to say, "Oh, you're talking to me" when the cook was calling for my attention... haha, that's something you should look out for so you're not caught off guard if its your first time around the block.I got the beef dog with ketchup, mustard and a pickle.  They grill the hot dog on an open flame.  The dogs don't taste "grilled" enough for my tastes, but it was ok.  I really enjoyed the onion rings that I ordered on the side.  Very tasty.  I won't miss this place if I don't go back.  But if someone wants to go, I'll meet them there.  No problem.
4	Very good hot dogs. These beauties are charcoal grilled so they have that authentic family picnic taste. I ordered a footlong chili cheese dog with the bun grilled and an order of onion rings. The hot dogs were great and the onion rings were dynamite. Everything is made in front of you, so no soggy dogs here! Whenever I'm back in this area, I'll be coming to Ted's.
4	I live just down the street from Ted's and I've driven past it countless times. I've always wanted to go, and today seemed like as good a day as any. Perfect summertime food.Walking in, the line was long and most of the tables were occupied, but I read that they move pretty fast, so I was not deterred. At times, the line stretched all the way to the back/side door, but it moved relatively quickly and no one seemed annoyed about it. The smell of the grill is amazing, and the menu is simple. In fact, it looks like they haven't changed their menu boards since the place opened in Tempe some 30 years ago :) The process may be a little disorienting for someone who hasn't been there before, but basically as you snake closer to the front of the line, someone working the grill will shout to you to get your order, and you shout it back to them. They cook your food as you get closer to the front of the line, and they seem pretty good at remembering what everyone orders. You get to the front and confirm your order, they ask if you'd like anything to drink, fries or onion rings (get the onion rings, oh man), and any condiments or veg on your dog/burger. I ordered the all-beef dog (a bit pricier than the standard hot dog, but I know I'm not getting a mystery combo of meat) with ketchup, mustard, easy onion and a dill pickle. A word about the onion rings: I'd read how good they were, and trust me, they are. A degree thicker than onion strings that you might find on a burger, they're prepared in much the same way, in a thin flour breading, and fried crispy and golden. The serving is quite sizable, easy for two to share. A tad greasy toward the bottom of the portion, but big deal.The hot dog was the best standard hot dog I've ever eaten. Piping hot with tons of flavor and char from the grill, it was just perfect. Coupled with the onion rings and a root beer, it was a fantastic lunch.My dining companions got an Italian sausage, and a cheeseburger and fries. The fries seem like just regular frozen variety shoestring fries, nothing to write home about. They have lots of signage about how their onion rings are made fresh, never frozen, so stick with the house-made stuff.The prices are very reasonable, and I'll definitely be back.
4	The food is great. The onion rings and dogs are great. The ordering process is maddening. Especially if it is busy. Is it worth it? Yes. Will it feel worth it until you are at your table with your food? No.
4	There was a short line but it moved pretty fast. The grill cook was super friendly and chatted with the line, which all seemed to come out of the New York area, like the griller. Got two "regulars" with ketchup and a side of fries with chili and cheese. Not sure if it's because I ordered them to go or not, but the chili and cheese both came in to-go cups (with the chili being hot enough to almost completely melt the cup and lid) rather than on top of the fries. The two hot dogs were perfectly grilled and it comes on Aunt Hattie's brand buns - my favourite. I ordered the buns grilled too but because my order was taken by about three different people, that didn't happen. The chili seemed like Hormel brand without beans, but it was great. The side that came with my "chili cheese fries" was more than enough to also pour over my hot dogs. If you're getting dogs and fries, just order one side of each and it'll be plenty. The fries were thin sliced but really good  - perfectly crispy and fresh. Two dogs, a regular fry, a side each of chili and cheese, and a large soda came to just over $10. If you're craving for some classic American food, this is definitely the place to go.
5	After watching the fourth of July hotdog eating contest, I had to get my grub on. Found this place on yelp and it's freaking legit. The cheese sauce is super delicious and so are their dogs!
5	Only when I can get away with it will I treat myself to Teds. Normally I am not a hotdog guy but this place does it right. They have you order while standing in line and by the time you pay your dog is cooked. Great shakes
5	I've always loved their food and a Hot Dog lover, however a few months ago I became vegetarian....Anyway, found out they have Veggie dogs and like veggie dogs in general....OMG, so good and so happy that a place like Ted's has evolved to current times and cater to people who are vegetarian...They're a real hot dog company, if only QT would now sell Veggie dogs, I'd be real happy. Love their fries a lot as well. SUPER YUM!!!
3	There is a restaurant in the Seattle, WA. area called Dick's Drive-in.Ted's reminds me of Dick's, because they offer greasy, standard fare at an affordable price.I expected the food to be better, but wasn't too disappointed.  Ted's doesn't mess around with fancy fixins' or strange combinations.I assumed their motto to be: "If it ain't broke, don't fix it."You can screw up a hot dog if you over-think it, but Ted's has stayed true to the tradition.On second thought, I bet their motto is: "Keep it simple, stupid."Also, their onion rings are pretty damn good: slim, flaky crust, with a sweet tasting onion.
4	I just received my August email from Ted's which reminded me that I need to write a review. In there email this month there is a coupon for a free regular dog with the purchase of a grilled item and a drink. Anyway...We came for dinner one night (National Hot Dog Day to be exact...no deals though) and we got there early enough that the line wasn't long at all. If you have never been, be prepared to wait in line. It usually moves fast enough but this isn't the place you want to go when you are in a time crunch.I usually get the all beef, but I got a regular dog this time. It was a a decent dog but I will be switching back the all beef. My hubby got a foot long. We shared an order of onion rings (but I'm sure I could have eaten one order to myself). They are the onion sting type, crunchy and wonderful.  We ordered a couple kids meals with corn dogs and fries. Everything is made fresh so if you go the corn dog route with your kids be warmed that they are fresh out of the fryer and you will need to let them cool. Kid's meals come with a drink and the hubby and I shared a regular drink. Our total came to just over $20. Refills on drinks are .25.It's nice to have a little piece of New York in Tempe...I just wish I made it there more often.
3	It's been a long long long time since I visited Ted's. almost 25 years. The siren song of the char boiler lured me like a lusty sailor.But alas, the ordering was dangerously disarranged. No methodology to the mayhem with orders being criss-crossed and bumble -f'd.The dog was good, but not as delicious as my memory. Ah we'll....
4	This place is one of my favorites, delicious comfort foods. And I love that every time I go there I can get something different because there are so many options. I love the bratwurst and traditional hotdog. The homemade chili is great. The fries are fresh and they go great with hot cheese sauce. There are plenty of condiments to choose from and the grilled peppers and onions are fresh. They also use high-quality sauerkraut. We also have a picky eater in the family so I appreciate that Ted's has a skinless hotdog. I appreciate the ambiance as well. It has a very authentic New York feel. And even when there is a huge line the staff is very efficient and moves through the orders quickly. You would think this may cause some mistakes but we've never had a mistake with our order, which is even more impressive considering we usually have all kinds of specialty requests and directions. I highly recommend this place.
4	Awesome food and people. Every time we go there we have a good experience. Try the hamburger you wont be disappointed. Doesn't look like much but it taste awesome!
2	I grew up around Detroit eating great hot dogs and coneys.  This was my third trip to Ted's and I have to say "yuck".  I had a footlong which was tasteless and the bun dry.  I guess people like these because they load them with toppings and it gives them flavor. I've had the chili in the past and it is pretty disappointing.   Sorry, Ted.  I can grill a primo hot dog in my backyard for a fraction of the price.
4	Teds is the place for Dogs!Love coming here at anytime of the day or night! Quick speedy service, and the Dogs are to die for!!! Priced just right for that quick pick me up as you head across town!Service is always great!
4	Stopped in (for the first time) to curb a craving for a chili dog. This place is stuck in a time warp but that adds to it's charm as well as it's "flavor". You waiting line in front of the grill and tell them what you want off of their simple, easy menu. I ordered an all beef with chili and cheese and right before my eyes, I see him pull a fresh dog out and start to cook it over the hot coals. Pretty cool, I must say. One thing I have to give a shout out about, HOW CLEAN THE GRILL HOODS WERE!!! For being over open coals and with the volume of business they do (was busy when we were there), those hoods were sparkling CLEAN!! To keep hoods clean in any restaurant, you clean them like bi weekly... these things look like they are polished daily!!! great job!! Back to the dogs- The chili and cheese are added right in front of you, as well as a lot of other fix-ins (if you ask). Mine came out just the right temperature and the chili and cheese were awesome! chili was flavorful and tasty, not too spicy. Dog was juicy and the bun was soft but stable. We ordered onion rings (which were not traditional but really good) and some potato salad. I was not a fan of the potato salad (it was lacking in basic spices, as well as it needed more mustard to tang it up) but that's okay, I would still go back for the dogs and rings! Reasonably priced, a pretty quick place to grab a hot dog/bratwurst, just like from a family 4th of july bbq!
5	Char-broiled dogs... A Buffalo Tradition.  I grew up next to the Sheridan Drive location, and they do everything exactly the same, dogs are imported from Salens, Bills and Buffalo decor.  I love this place.
4	You'll probably have to wait in a line and it's a bit pricey. A footlong, fries and a shake ran me about $10. However, it's actual charcoal grilled and it tastes delicious! This is the 2nd or 3rd time I have been here, and since it's close to where I live, I will be back. It's worth it it go here versus Weinierscnitzel  down the street.
5	Best dogs in Phoenix metro area. The hamburgers, onion rings and the malts are spectacular. Worth the drive from anywhere in the east valley, probably the whole valley!
5	Ted's is the best, it really is. Charcoal cooked hot dogs, awesome onion rings, and loganberry. What's not to love?
5	Great dogs here! Best dogs I've had in the Phoenix area. Love their fries too. Always fast and friendly service. So happy they accept debit/credit cards now as they used to be cash only. Very reasonable prices as well. They never disappoint.
4	I can't say I've been here too many times, mostly because I don't eat meat. But my boyfriend had never been here before and to my surprise, they did have veggie hot dogs! Went here on a Wednesday night before dance class (ha...suppose I can have fast food before exercising? Probably not). I got a veggie dog and fries. Service was super quick and the staff is really friendly. Either they put on a good show or genuinely enjoy working there. Added toppings to my heart's desire, even some peppers and onions which I guess were supposed to cost extra but they let me have for free ninety-nine. My only qualm is that it is cooked with the meat varieties. So if you're like offended by that sort of thing..well..I'm not even sure why you'd be eating there to begin with. It's only mildly bothersome to me. My boyfriend order a hot dog and fries as well. Our food was delicious. It's honestly one of the better veggie dogs I've had. Almost like a corn dog-type flavor. The fries were fresh and made to order. Overall a cool Tempe mainstay that I'd recommend to get your hot dog fix. Super affordable, fast & friendly service and most importantly, good food.
5	Ted's is one of the few hot dog joints where the hot dogs actually are better than the pricier sausages. But don't get me wrong, everything they serve is good. I first had Ted's when I was 8 years old, and it remains my favorite dog in Arizona. Every weiner is perfectly charred over coals. And the onion rings are battered and wonderful, more like an Awesome Blossom than breaded, frozen fast food rings.
4	I visited this "Tempe institution" last night and I enjoyed myself. Good customer service, good food. My friend and I both had the all-beef jumbo dog and fries. I like that they have veggie options and gluten-free buns. I also appreciated that they had dill pickles and not just sweet pickle relish. I had a great time - very mellow and laid back...perfect for two friends who like hot dogs and good conversation.When I come back, I think I want to try the 'white hot" sausage and a milkshake.
4	Old fashioned hotdog shack. Meat is grilled right in front of you on a charcoal barbeque. Get it chicago style! This is a local gem and very popular spot - especially for lunch. If you show up at the lunch rush plan on at least a 15 minute wait until you can get your order in. But it's worth it!Two do not's:1. DO NOT put ketchup on your hotdog! That is hotdog treason.2. On a more serious note, if you feel like a hotdog but there is an ASU game about to start, DO NOT show up at Ted's! Very long lines (over half hour just to order) on ASU game days. Just wait until it is closer to game time when everyone has cleared out.
4	Why on earth would you go to McDonald's or Burger King when this place exists? The fries alone keep me coming back. My go to is the all beef with chili. Yeah, I might feel guilty and go to the gym after eating here, but I never feel like I just ate garbage. Fresh and made when you order it. Don't let the line scare you! They are quick and friendly.
5	I have been going to text for over 20 years. This is by far the best hotdog in town. No where else can you get them char broiled instead of boiled. Their shakes and malts are awesome also.
1	Stop charging for refills, Ted's. That worked in 1985, but we all know soda costs you less than a penny.I like the food a good amount, and it's incredibly petty, but I just hate feeling like Ted's is ripping its customers off when literally every other fast-food/casual restaurant stopped doing this two decades ago.
4	So I finally got around to trying Ted's. It was pretty tasty. I got the white hot which was pretty good. It didn't really have a lot of flavor though. I also got the Chili dog. That was pretty tasty. I wasn't sure about the nacho cheese looking stuff, but it was better then expected. I think next time I will try the polish dog.. The onion rings were delicious. I think I will be back again just for those! The line was pretty long, so be prepared to wait a little. They also get your order before you get to the actual ordering spot, so make sure you know what you want quickly!
3	I love the frys with cheese sauce here! Messy but soo good! I'm not a huge hot dog kinda girl but the italian sausage Is good. The lines can get very long, sometimes out the door! The shakes are great, but pretty thick! I haven't been here In awhile, but last time I had one, the straws they give you are the ones for the soda. Very tiny/thin, so It was almost Impossible to get any shake action from them. Fun place, lots of college students. Come check it out!
4	You go here when you feel like going H.A.M. You order the footlong chili cheese dog and cheese fries and large soda and then like a bad hangover you hate life the next day. Even talking about it makes me feel fatter, but you know I will go back for more! In all seriousness pretty good dogs but I only make it here about once per year.
4	Be prepared for long lines!  They do a good job of moving you through quickly though.  I love this place.  Love the way they cook the dogs in front of you, love the lingonberry juice, don't like the seating area but what do you expect for a hot dog joint? :)  Great place to take the kids.
4	Your hotdog might take a bit, and it's nothing you can't do yourself on a grill, but this place is a cut above the rest in the hotdog arena. Not too expensive and you can pick all your options like subway or chipotle. A solid choice for a sub $5 quick bite.
4	great dogs, you name the fixins , good onion rings.
5	I have been a going to Ted's since 1999 when I moved to AZ and absolutely love the all beef hotdog and the burgers are juicy and delicious. Their malts are really thick and to die for. You might need a spoon or let it melt a little because they can be a little thick at times. Best hotdog restaurant I have come across in AZ, hands down.
3	I didn't think the place was anything special, but I wouldn't mind coming back if I was in the area.  I had a bratwurst with sauerkraut and a white hot, wife had the regular burger, and the kids had chili dogs and a burger.I didn't think the white hot was spicy at all and the bratwurst was lacking flavor.  The wife said the burger was just the right size and the kids liked their food.  We didn't think the food was bad, but we wouldn't go out of my way for it.They charge 25 cents for a refill, but the large sodas we ordered were more than sufficient for the meal and we didn't need a refill at all.
5	At least once a month, we make an excuse to hit Teds.  The dogs are freakin' AMAZING.  We also always leave with a jar or two of Ted's Red Hot Dog sauce.  Don't order the foot-long and blow your wad on one big dog.  Order two "regular" dogs and diversify.  I do a Kraut and mustard on one, and a chile, mustard, onion on the other.    You have to go once (it's been on the Guy Fieri show) and once you go once, you will be hooked.  The line is long, be prepared to wait in line and be ready to order before you get ot the counter.  Also we don't prefer a very "burnt" hotdog, so ask them to not charcoal it so much, if your taste is the same.
4	Great hot dogs! I come atleast once a month
2	I was underwhelmed.  I liked the charcoal grilled taste to the dog but I've had a much better dog than Ted's.  Nathan's for instance is a superior hotdog.  I really wanted to like this place but everything was just okay, not good, not great.
4	I was in there area and we saw the line OUTSIDE THE DOOR!  So, it got me thinking, how good does this hot dog place have to be for these people to wait for a couple good dogs.  I'm a hot dog fan so I was willing BUT had do some things.So we ran some errands and let that lunch line settle down before coming back but this was a good choice.  The line was still a good amount and I'm sure this is the reg over here.  Well what the reg over here is to supply a good tasting dog.  You can do whatever you want to, very flexible, tons of options.Really enjoyed the super "laid back" feel and the dogs were above and beyond. Get it Ted.
4	Ted's is a Phoenix original by way of Buffalo and has probably fed tens of thousands ASU students and teachers over the years.Ted's history is similar to that of other Hot Dog pioneers like Paul and Betty Pink, Nathan Handwerker, and Dick Portillo. All who started with just a Hot Dog cart, and grew their business into something very special. But Ted's is the immigrant story of Theodore Spiro Liaros, who came to the US from Greece at the turn of the last century.  One of these days, someone will take the time to write the history of all the hard working Greeks who came here with just the shirt on their back, to start a restaurant or food business.But I digress, because you come to Ted's to enjoy the charcoal grilled hot dogs and hamburgers and all the friendly conversation on line. Ahh, and those charcoals are white hot (see photo), which makes their food oh so delicious.  They have Hot Dogs, Hamburgers, Brats, Italian Sausages, French Fries and home made beer batter like Onion Rings (photo), along with Milk Shakes and Malts.Ted's is really just great food, served simply. I can highly recommend those afore mentioned All Beef Hot Dogs, Sausage and Onion Rings. All the tube steaks are $3.79 and you can take home some of their special bottled mustard for $5.39 as I did.Enjoy!
4	This place is awesome! I get the Polish and the Italian sausage. They use a wood fire super hot and cook these in a few minutes.  It is a treat. Not a fan of their fries but lots of people like them. Try it you will like it.
5	I love reading about my yelp friends' vacation finds.  I always bookmark them because although I never know when I'll be in that part of the country, I do know those bookmarks will eventually become tourist destinations for me.  My yelp bud Tim S. knows his comfort foods.  When he raves about a pizza in New York, a cheesesteak in Philly, or a hot dog in Phoenix, I'm so there.  Wait a Hot Dog in Phoenix?  That can't be right.  This ain't Chicago or New York.  Or is it?  Ted's is a Buffalo, NY Hot Dog blooming right here in the middle of the desert, transplanted in 1983 from it's 1927 original wintery environment.  Sometimes when you are a food tourist, it's ok to over order and try a few different things.  It's not ok for your waistline, but "Hey you're on vacation!"  At least that's what I tell myself.  And I got absolutely no judgement from Ted's when I ordered a Regular Hot Dog, a Jumbo All Beef dog, an Italian Sausage, and a Bratwurst.  Chased down with some Onion Rings and a Loganberry Milkshake.So what makes Ted's so good, is the charcoal.  As I came in, they were adding a bunch of new charcoal to the grill.  It gives the dog a nice smokey flavor and a good snap.  Each of my 4 dogs/ sausages were excellent and it's tough to choose which one was best.  I actually think I preferred the basic hot dog, because of the soft grind of the wiener offset with the crunchy slightly charred casing.  It was texture heaven for sure, and I got this one dressed in classic Chicago style - chopped onions, relish, tomato, pickle, and yellow mustard.  I dressed the all beef with kraut and chopped onions - excellent dog although a little firmer in texture, as most beef dogs are.  They have polish, bratwurst, italian, and a white hot under their sausage menu.  I read a couple of slightly negative reviews on the white hot, so while it sounded very interesting, I had no room to put one down on this visit.  Italian and Bratwurst it was for me and I got them dressed the same way with grilled onions and peppers.  I opted for the hot sauce on the side.  The hot sauce pairs perfectly with the Italian Sausage.  This is a nice and spicy Italian.  Adding the hot sauce seemed to just reinforce that same flavor, rather than cover it up.  Ted's has an interesting home made hot sauce.  If you made a salsa out of hot dog condiments, this is what you would get - relish, onions, in a ketchup vinegar base.  For the bratwurst I went straight up with some brown deli mustard.  Awesome!   Next visit, I'm trying a chili cheese dog for sure.The onion rings taste like an onion loaf, but not super peppery.  They have a great batter here, but I like that you can still taste the onion and there isn't too much batter.  The Loganberry shake is a must order.  The perfect sweet creamy drink to offset the spicy Italian Sausage.  From what I understand loganberry is a Western NY flavor, because you don't see it around these here parts too much.  It's like a red blackberry.  I have no idea if it was loganberry flavored ice cream or vanilla ice cream with loganberry syrup.  Whatever it is, order it and you will be happy.  I can't wait until the next time I'm in Phoenix (or Buffalo) to get me a charcoal grilled dog at Ted's. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/teds-hot-dogs-tempe?select=HYh6Dv4htWxebTjRMwgh6g#OCLoB-p-pzUUNcCib8xK-Q
4	Ted's Hot Dogs is one of those places that just emits an aura of times long gone. When walking into this establishment I immediately heard music from the 1950s and 60s. I could smell the meat cooking on the grill and I felt like I was in another world. I looked over Ted's menu and some of the signage and became aware that this place is tied to and related to a chain of "Ted's Hot Dogs" found in Buffalo New York. The line was fairly considerable on my initial visit and after perusing the menu I settled on an all beef hot dog, onion rings and a soft drink. With the hot dog I decided to make it as close to a Chicago style hot dog as possible. So I asked for mustard, relish,, onions, tomato, and a pickle slice.  I took the dog to an open table and dug in. The taste of the sausage here is definitely different than the steamed Chicago style dogs I'm used to. One primary reason is that everything (well all the meats) at Ted's is char grilled. This gives a nice grilled flavor to it, the actual hot dog used had an unusual filler taste with a somewhat sweet flavor rather than spicy. All things considered it was a strange mix.The onion rings weren't so great, these were very thin onion peels deep fried. While they were plentiful there was very little onion and just lots of batter. I'd say I was a bit disappointed with them.Since I've been in Arizona for quite a few days I did decide to return to Ted's and try things just a little differently. I went for a footlong dog which was only a little more expensive on my second visit. And rather than go for the toppings mentioned above I opted for Chili. The footlong dog was a great value and while the chilli was an extra 60 or so cents, I felt this was a much better dog than the one I ordered the first time and a lot of food for the money.I ALSO got a regular cheeseburger, this was fairly standard and tasted like most burgers that come off of a backyard grill. Not bad, but nothing worth writing home about.My overall opinion of Ted's is that I love the ambiance and atmosphere, the food is pretty good and it's a good value if you go for the giant footlong hot dog. I am going to give Ted's Hot Dogs four stars and a recommendation if you happen to be in Tempe Arizona.
4	Ted's seems to take great pride in it's hot dogs. It's a cool, little spot in Tempe. I wasn't overly impressed with the footlong hot dog I'd ordered, and the orange cream shake was okay. Next time I'll try an all-beef dog and see if makes me love this place as much as others seem to. I'm giving it four stars for now; my next visit could tip it in either direction.
5	Awesome place. Great hotdogs and burgers. The loganberry shake is really good. They can get really busy but the lines usually moves pretty quickly.
4	Ted's = The fuel that kept me running when I went to ASU.I first came across Ted's after my classmates up'd and kidnapped me after our studio class one sunny afternoon.  I've never heard of the place and was intrigued with promises of the "best wiener you'll put your lips on [Sun Devils at their prime]."  Upon entering the small establishment, the scent of meat sizzling on charcoal perfumed my senses.  I was sold.  I had the White Hot [veal and pork], a Regular with chili cheese, and a vanilla maltshake.  It was the best meal I had that long stressful year as a Digital Art major.  If this is a taste of Buffalo, I'll gladly say that I love New York!  Been a faithful customer of Ted's since that first bite~
5	Still as good as ever!While nothing will compare to that first visit, the food is still just as good as the first day I went last summer. I've been maybe 5-6 times since then, and I've never been disappointed.My favorite place to go for lunch in the summertime! I am sad that they changed their menu boards to be more modern, no more of the sliding letter-type boards of yesteryear :(
4	really nothing fancy but there is something about the taste of char grilled dogs that makes it comforting.  Milkshakes are decent also.
4	Quite a delicious all beef hot dog. I got mine with ketchup, cheese, and hot sauce. I heard the White Hot is the thing to get.
1	I and the family love hotdogs. Especially chili dogs. When we heard about this place and read some of the great reviews, we were so eager to try it. Especially when the reviews for the onion rings were so good as well. We currently live in Maricopa, AZ about 35 min drive from Ted's so we were really hoping it would be worth the drive. We were disappointed. We ordered 8 of the regular dogs, I had chili, mustard, and onions on mine. The wife and kids had just ketchup. We also ordered onion rings and a strawberry shake. The dogs themselves sure did look good when they were being cooked. I love dogs cooked on a grill and these ones were nice and crispy on the outside. But the four of us all gave them thumbs down for flavor. Very bland. Not even salt. My chili sauce was the worst I have ever had. It tasted more like tomato paste that I use as an ingredient in spaghetti sauce. The onion "rings" were more like "fragments" with them looking like scraps that were swept up off the floor. Very overcooked with very little actual onion inside because they were burned up or something. The milk shake was OK flavor, but was in like a 6 oz cup or something. Seemed way overpriced as everything else. I could not even finish my hotdogs which is probably a first in my lifetime. And it is very rare that our whole family agrees that a place is no good. The place did look kinda retro cool inside and was doing great business. But we will not be back. Oh, also the people working there looked like they were employees of a funeral home rather than fun themed hot dog joint. Total cost for 8 dogs, a powerade, strawberry shake and the order of onion "fragments" was almost $37! Ridiculous.
2	This place was okay, but once was enough. The meat was good quality and the concept is fun however I strongly believe that if you are going to advertise something you better make it good and I have had better chili out of can! The chili they put on my dog lacked meat and flavor. In fact it tasted more like glorified ketchup. It might sound petty but that's how I feel. I can make a better chili dog at home and I will not be back.
5	I was skeptical of coming here, only because I'm not the biggest hot dog fan in the world. Sure, I'll enjoy a hot dog and beer at a baseball game or while out camping, but it just never really sounds that appealing to me outside of those settings. Well Ted's changed all of that. The hot dogs Ted's serves are amazing. I love everything about this place. The retro vibe, the big grill right in front of the customers, the hot sauce.. The list goes on and on. I highly recommend the white hot with mustard, ketchup, cheese sauce, and hot sauce and the regular hot dog with mustard, ketchup, onion, & a pickle. Both the fries and the onion rings are great so you can't go wrong with either. Also recommend getting some cheese to go along with said fries!
5	Today we decided Ted's would be a great place to eat lunch because we have heard about how good the dogs and brats are. This place definitely did not disappoint! The charbroiled dogs were cooked perfect, the milkshakes were thick and creamy just like grandma used to make, and the fries were fresh and crispy. To top it all off the staff were absolutely wonderful. They know how to make you feel valued as a customer and always find time to take a few moments to chat even when super busy. I am thoroughly impressed with this fabulous establishment and will definitely be returning!
2	The store had a sort of fun vibe, you get to watch while the dogs are grilled and it smells good. The food wasn't good though, especially compared to the other hot dog place on Broadway. Also, it was kind of dirty inside and the cashier was rude.
4	charbroiled and great - rolls are fresh and soft - toppings are always fresh - will return anytime - just like Buffalo
5	I grew up eating those Seitz hot dogs that came in the silver package and on sale you could get 4 packs for a dollar or something like that.  They were awful, and I'm pretty sure if I get any chronic or terminal illnesses, it's going to be from eating about a thousand of those.Then I lived in Orlando for a few years and became a regular at Hot Dog Heaven.  Now THIS is a hot dog!  Then I started paying more attention.Well, on Saturday Mr. M and I were on a hot dog cruise and stood in the very long line at Ted's to order 2 jumbos with cheese & mustard, mine also with relish, a bottle of water, and a chocolate shake.  The total was $15.55 and reminded me that I really need to remember to carry our own water with us.  That would have saved 2 bucks. Anyway, HEY, back to the dogs....chargrilled and perfect!  I was taken back to Hot Dog Heaven and we both thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  The milkshake was rich, chocolatey deliciousness too.  I will definitely get a craving for Ted's and can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu.
5	OK, I hail from Western NY State. I have been here many, many times. When you walk into Ted's be ready, there is always a line. You can got at 3PM, lines, forget lunch or dinner hour, long lines out the door. However, I can say that they are well organized, the line moves, so like in the Seinfeld episode with the soup Nazi, be ready to order ( No, they will not throw you out if you are not ready). Now to know a NY Hot, you have to know that they are best served char broiled. The flavor is fantastic. Then you must know that they have regular hots, polish sausage and even burgers. If you are from NY state you know the White hot is the NY state secret. Everything at Ted's is tasty. The onion rings are good and the milkshakes are delicious. This is the only restaurant that Ted's has in Arizona, they have 6 or more locations in Buffalo, NY. Was at Ted's in Buffalo last year and it was not as good this location and the manager of that restaurant yelled at the customers. Enjoy the NY State experience.
5	Always good, this time had a sea dog, a foot long piece of fried fish in a roll. Really good white fish, probably cod.
1	This review has nothing to do with the food, only the service. I just went to Ted's for lunch today and it seems they were having issues with their credit card machine. If I had known they were not accepting credit cards I would not have ordered a hot dog and milk shake, because I did not have cash. Unfortunately no one told me they were not accepting cards, but they did lay out a sign explaining they were unable to accept GIFT cards. This sign only indicated gift cards were an issue, no where did it state there would be issues using a credit or debit card. When I got to the register and handed the cashier a credit card she informed me they were not taking cards today, all of matter of factly, as if I was supposed know this before walking through the door. This situation could have been prevented if only they had explained on their sign that gift, credit, and debit cards could not be processed as opposed to only letting us know about gift cards. Just be a little more clear next time, ok? I would hate to see more food get wasted.
4	The food was great the only reason they don't get 5 starts is because the ordering procedure is weird (similar to the soup Nazi on Seinfeld) and the workers seem grumpy.  If I am going to overpay for a hot dog I at least want a smile when you take my money.  They charbroil their dogs here you just can't get that flavor anywhere else.
4	Yum.Haven't been here in, like, 20 years, but I can promise it won't take that long to go back. The dogs were perfect. I'm not a huge hot dog fan, but when I want one, I want one grilled and slightly charred. That's what I got.The fries and onion strings were SO good. Hot and crispy and full of flavor. Not a lot of fancy anything, just your classic hot dog toppings, simple fries and onion rings (when you do it right you don't need to cover it up).They also have burgers and shakes. Must try next time.
5	The best - period. Everything is charcoal broiled and the selection is ample, including jumbo beef dogs, bratwurst, "white hots", foot longs, etc.  Excellent fries, loganberry shakes. There are often long lines around lunch, but they move quickly. Ted's originated in Buffalo and is a legend there, along with wings (invented at the Anchor Bar) and Schwabl's.
5	hadn't been here in years, and finally got to introduce my wife to it! great prices, food is perfect, they get it!can be a bit of a hassle when its super busy, but hey, thats how things go. wish it was closer to home because i could eat this multiple times a week
5	Ted's is hands down my favorite place to eat hotdogs! Go during lunch hour and you may be standing in line for a little while but it's well worth the wait. Great service along with great food and decent portions, you can't go wrong.
2	Low quality, tasteless hot dog.  Definitely NOT worth the drive from East Mesa.
4	Wonderful quality of food- just a bit pricey for the portions other than the foot-long hot dog (although I'd much prefer one of the more sausage like meats)
5	Nice place with good food. The onion rings are handmade and very tasty. They have a veggie dog which is hard to find around here so that was excellent!
5	I found this place after I had been harboring a hot dog craving for a few weeks. I'm a vegetarian, and I was completely disappointed by how many restaurants in the valley do not have vegetarian options. While I do not expect a special menu for my dietary choices, it is nice to be able to go out to a restaurant with friends and not have to worry about what I can order. I found Ted's Hot Dogs after scouring Yelp for hot dog places nearby. After checking the menu of ten different hot dog places, I finally can across Ted's. I brought a non-veggie friend to try it out. I ordered the veggie dog, and my friend and I split some fries and some onion rings. I was in heaven. The hot dog was amazing, and they dressed it up exactly like I wanted it. The fries were thin (sort of like shoestring fries), which I actually like because they're great for dunking. The onion rings, however, on my first trip were awful. They were little more than greasy onions with little batter. On my next trip, I skipped the onion rings. I'm very glad that I decided to try again, though, because when I returned to Ted's yesterday, I ordered them and they were absolutely amazing. These rings were properly breaded and they tasted perfect. I believe they're made right in the store, as they're wrapped in wax paper.Long story short...the prices are amazing, the food is good, and this place is vegetarian-friendly. I'm very happy with this place and will definitely be returning on a regular basis.
5	I went there yesterday, had the White Hot and onion rings. They were so yummy.I went today for lunch, twice. Yes, I had a Polish and Dr Pepper. It was really great. I planned to get another one, but noticed about 35 people waiting in line. I decided to wait it out, sat in my car, I needed to make some phone calls anyway.Flash forward an hour later, the line is still around 30 people, and no, not the same people. The line is constantly flowing. I don't understand how the cook can keep track of who ordered what, but he does.The second time around for lunch, I took an Italian dog to go. By the time I got my dog, the line was still all the way across the lobby. I saw a few people come and go without waiting, I assume that they did not want to wait.I love how they BBQ the dog as they are ordered.If I lived in Tempe, or even in a nearby area, I think I would go there often. I about 8 hours away. I will add this place to my list of places to go whenever in the Phoenix area.The ONLY complaint I can find about this place is the long line. The problem with that complaint, is that the cause of the complaint is a direct result of every compliment that be made about this place.This place kind of make think of an "American" version of Tito's Tacos (In Los Angeles on Sepulveda Place) in the aspect of simple delicious food, fast service.
4	Great food!  I got a polish dog and fries and pleased my mouth with grilled goodness!  They have plenty of toppings you can add and the workers were all friendly.  I would have loved to leave a 5 star review but I think the food is a little overpriced.   That being said,  I will definitely be coming back.  It just won't be a frequent thing for me.
5	Got to admit, this place is somewhat of a dive. But this is the BEST hot dog place in the west. And im not the only one to think thag way. There currently ranked 8th in the usa. Best hot dogs. Charcoal grilled with whatever toppings you want!!!!
5	If you want a GREAT hotdog, look no further!  I've been going to Ted's since I was a little kid.  I love their all-beef hotdogs and french fries dipped in cheese!  So good!  Sometimes the line gets long but it is so worth it!
5	Had Ted's for dinner this evening. Flew back from Minnesota this afternoon and wanted a hot dog real bad.I had a foot long with chili, mustard and onions. The lady had polish with peppers and mustard. Small fries and a milkshake. Wow. Excellent choice, everything is made to order,great service. Will be coming back more often.
4	Hot dogs that are worth the wait! This place knows how to do hotdogs right and very tasty! If you're going to order the fries make sure to add cheese and chili on the side. As for the milkshake I couldn't distinguish Loganberry from the strawberry but either way it was a must have add on. Ted's has a basic concept but a special delivery and a fun experience.
4	I have been in Arizona for 8 years and have driven past many times. My girlfriend and I were driving on the 4th of July after watching some fireworks and she was craving a hot dog other then mine. The funny thing was we were stopped at a light and Ted's was right there so it was just fate. We went in and the place is a bit older but clean. We ordered a foot long chili dog and split, was a great eat and would recommend the place to anyone. If your girl wants a weiner other then yours then bring her there and watch her put that juicy piece of meat in her mouth, you won't be disappointed.
5	In the interest of full disclosure, I am a former Western New Yorker now living in Phoenix. There are certain "comfort" foods that I can not find here in Phoenix, good hot dogs, a good fish fry, Beef on 'Weck, thick crust pizza, Anderson's ice cream (people from the Buffalo area know exactly what I am talking about).About 12 years, the COO of the company I managed took me out to lunch for my birthday. I did a double take when he pulled into Ted's. It was like I was home!To be able to eat a Ted's dog  slightly charred and covered with their famous hot sauce was just like reliving my time spent in Buffalo, where most Saturday's lunch was stopping at one of the many Ted's in the area. To taste the flavor of that Sahlen's hot dog was food heaven. That was 12 years ago, and Ted's is always a go to place for lunch. My wife even will say, "let's go to Ted's, I want a char grilled dog". I have tasted all their various kinds of dogs and sausages and they are all excellent quality and flavor.There is something special about a dog cooked over charcoal. However, I have never had a hamburger there. If I want a burger, I will go to a burger joint.Enjoy Ted's fellow foodies! I have been eating at Ted's here in Tempe for 12 years on a regular basis and have never been disappointed. Once you bite into a Ted's hot dog and get that slight "snap", you know you are about to eat a excellent quality tasting hot dog.
5	being from upstate New York craving a white hot hits me often, and TED'S hits the spot.  Charbroil their hot dogs taste great and who doesn't want a loganberry shake to go with that perfectly grilled hot dog.
5	This place is rediculously good. No other hot dog joint compares. They have the system down to where the cook to order food comes out fast and fresh. I want to get married here.
5	I've been going to this place for almost 10 years and they have always had a winning formula for their famous hot dogs and an easy meal. On work days, you need to get there before 11:30am or you'll be waiting an hour - they cook the sausages on a grill right in front of you - even though its sometimes 115 outside. Their home made shakes and onion rings are also a winner!
3	Disappointed as I was told this was one of the BEST hot dogs ever.  We got an all beef and white hot.  Not the worse hot dogs we've had but not the best.  They do however have REALLY GOOD onion rings!
4	Some of the best dogs I've had in Arizona. Tried out the regular hot dogs, and all beef jumbo.Both had great flavor and a crunch to the outer skin (good char). I also ordered up the Loganberry shake but was not really a fan (especially for the price).Had the onion rings, and they're delicious. They don't really feel oily etc.Overall, will definitely hit up this place again.
5	I love this place! The best hotdogs anywhere & I get a taste and feel of back home which is priceless!
4	Have eaten here a couple of times.  Smell of grilled dogs fills the air and it's great.  The (basic) hot dog is pretty good.  Haven't tried the brat or other varieties yet.  But the shoestring style onion rings are the bomb!  They don't open too late to plan your dog craving accordingly.  And oh yeah, they have Buffalo and New York papers from weeks past to satisfy your curiosity of what news from the right-coast reads like.
3	Wasn't impressed with the chili cheese dog. The cheese they use is your standard melted plastic looking nacho cheese. Very flavorless chili too. Four dogs and a small tea cost me $16...kinda pricey and I expected more.
5	Another update...nothing has changed.Started and ended my two day journey at Ted's.  First trip I got an Italian, a Bratwurst and an all beef dog.  Topped the sausages with mustard and onions and the all beef dog with mustard, onion, relish and hot sauce.  Washed it down with a Diet Coke.   While I was eating, I overheard a conversation a few tables over.  This lady and man asked this group how they liked the food etc.  Turns out, the people asking the questions were one of Teds Grandaughters and the CEO of Teds.  Pretty cool stuff!Second trip, I got the United Nations of Sausages........ Italian (Italy), Bratwurst (Germany), and a Polish (Poland).  I got all 3 topped with mustard, onion and hot sauce.  I had an online coupon for free fries too.  Washed it down with a Diet Coke.  I can't say enough about Ted's Hot Dogs.  They are without a doubt my favorite food in AZ and I will continue to come here.  Once I move out here in a few weeks, its going to take some major willpower to keep me away from this place.  They are simply the best!
5	I don't think I've ever had a bad experience at Teds. Everything is so good. It's always busy so that should say something about this place.
5	How awesome is this place!? I don't even like hot dogs, but I love getting them from Ted's! Have had foot longs, all beef, white hot.... Its all delicious. My daughter always gets the kids skinny dog with cheese sauce, and I love the onion rings!  I go out of my way to visit Ted's.
5	Awesome experience, I've only been there twice but I just moved across the street. I know I'll be in more often, they seem consistent.
5	Teds is the best place in town to go get a hot dog! It is cooked and prepared right in front of you, and the burgers are just as good.
4	Food is good and fairly priced.  I shared a regular hot dog topped with chili and Mac n cheese.  Also, we ordered a small fry with chili and cheese.  One thing to note is that they serve the chili and cheese on the side.  We found it a little difficult to just dip the fries since the chili is too heavy to be picked up by the fries,  I recommend just doing yourself a favor and pour the chili and cheese on the fries.  The cooks seemed a little annoyed and didn't really care to answer our questions about the menu, so I knocked off a star.  The cashier was more than accommodating though and even let us sample the Loganberry drink.  It reminds me if the juice from Ikea.  Pretty tasty!All in all, four stars.
5	Amazing amazing amazing,  that is not overkill. I am from Buffalo where Teds is a staple,  like 6 locations.  Fearing that the quality would not be up to snuff with the home town originals,  I had not tried this yet.  I kick myself for not going earlier because the quality of the food had carried over from the east coast! Charbroiled goodness..... Amazing brats, burgers,  and fries.  GET THE WHITE HOT SAUSAGE (part Veal, part pork) as it is the best thing on the menu.  Friendly staff and clean dining area.  They have pictures of Buffalo all over which brings me back. If you have not tried Teds you are missing out... Go now,  drop everything and hit the restaurant asap...seriously get on it.  Oh,  by the way I live in Tucson and drive up to Tempe just for lunch at Teds. It's that good.
4	A good old fashioned weiner, Yaaah Boy!A grilled dog with all the fixing and a few more, at a decent price. That's plain good eatin. They got all sorts of stuff to eat. Burgers, mac and cheese, hand made shacks, fresh onion rings and ice cream to rattle off a few. Plenty of help with a good attitude. Have'ta love that.Pass'n trough to...stop in.
1	finally went. My mother was craving a chili dog while we were out one day so we decided to go for lunch. I wish that I enjoyed it as much as most other people seem to. Food wasn't what I thought that it would be. I thought that the hot dogs were okay, nothing special and not worth the price---I've had better from the grocery store and cooked on the grill at home.  My mother didn't like the chili and I didn't care for the sauerkraut that I had on my bratwurst. The onion rings were decent though.The decor is cute and makes you feel like you've been pulled back in time and out East. Now this is where the big problem starts...The service is just horrible. I encountered four different people working there and only one smiled, another asked me what I wanted and then snapped at me for "ordering incorrectly" (like I know how you're "supposed" to order at a place that I've never been to?)  and the last girl was breaking all kinds of health code violations. Seeing her play with her hair and drinking her personal drinks with her GLOVES ON and then touching food disgusted me. Maybe that played a role in why I didn't think the food tasted that great...because of the people who were handling it. I threw out most of my food, honestly.I'm usually willing to give a place a second chance if I have an off first visit but I honestly don't ever see myself going back to Ted's. Gross.
4	It's not too shabby. Better than most places I've been, especially since they cook their hotdogs over charcoal and I love a good charcoal broiled hotdog every now and then. The chili was a little sweet and tasted a little more like a meaty spaghetti sauce than a chili than I prefer, but it wasn't so bad that I wasn't able to enjoy and finish my meal. When you get onion rings, it's a huge quantity of them. I couldn't finish them myself.It's no Portillo's, but all in all, not too bad.
5	Geat food and fast service.  My son loves the shakes and we all love the food.  Great place to go before an ASU game.
3	Went to Ted's for dinner the other night, got a foot long with fries. The hot dog had a  char on the outside, but the overall flavor was a little too sweet for my taste, which I think was brought on by the peppers and onions. The fries were really good though. I'm not sure if I'll will bingo back, but if I did I would probably try the polish. Overall Ted's was ok....
5	Food and service are both amazing! The quality is always consistently great.Whenever I'm in the area around lunchtime I can't help but stop in, but be sure to be early because it gets packed around noon.My favorite is the Brat with peppers and onions
4	We always go to Ted's before the ASU Game.  I love the atmosphere!  It's more about that than just the food.  Although the hot dogs, bratwurst, and Italian sausage cooked on the grill are terrific.  I love the onion rings, too.
5	Vegetarians rejoice- Teds has veggie dogs! That's right people! Now us vegheads can get our Teds fix with all the toppings! Right now they are also running a promo for dogs topped with Mac n cheese and onion rings. Couldn't pass that up. Malts are amazing, veggie dogs were delicious, and the cheese  fries are just a must have so use this as your cheat day! Gonna throw it out there that Joes is right across the street and the joelattis are fantastic for dessert :)
1	When I lived in the East Valley some five years ago, I used to go here all the time, loved the chili dogs. However, after my last tow trips there, the last one being today, I think I have to say farewell to Ted's. I don't mind the lines since they ask you for your order while well back in line (Although they should wait until you check out to pour your drink, the ice was about gone by the time I got my iced tea) but the dogs were kind of burnt and chili lacked any kind of zing what so ever. For 10 bucks, I would expect more.
4	A Really Good HotDog.I have never been a big fan of hot dogs however, my nephew is so off to Teds we went.  The line at Ted's was long but moved quickly  ( don't let the length of people waiting in line be discouraging). As your waiting in line the  person on the grill will ask you what you would like to order, it's not really shouting but more of a long distance conversation. I actually found ordering that way to be kind of fun.The hotdogs are shipped in from Buffalo, NY. The charbroiled hot dog have a great flavor and there are so many toppings to choose from. I had one with homemade chili, cheese and onions. It was fantastic. I especially liked the chili. I also ordered the onion rings and they were also very good so if you like hotdogs give Ted's a try.
2	Not a fan. Maybe I did not get the right thing. Who knows. I did NOT enjoy my Chicago-style hotdog, despite all of the reviews saying how good the dogs are here. My friend experienced the same thing. Granted, these "Chicago-style dogs" were not on the menu and had to be improvised, (which I am shocked they were not on the menu...) and they were also missing some key ingredients. It was an average to below average hot dog that I could have done better at home. I would take a Sonoran style hotdog or a Chicago dog from a little road/parking lot stand any day over these hotdogs. IMHO, check it out and see for yourself, or save your money and go elsewhere.
4	I did not have high expectations of this place, especially since everyone raves about Portillos and it was just so-so.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that the hot dogs are fantastic! They're grilled in front of you, perfectly charred, and so juicy and delicious.They also have bratwurst and polish sausage on the menu I will definitely try a bratwurst next time. My husband doesn't like hot dogs ( aka composite meat ) so he had a hamburger instead.  He said it was good and he'd  order it again. The servings of french fries and onion rings were  big enough to share. The onion rings were good and crispy, not too greasy and fries are good too. The only downside was the seating. The booths are "set" meaning there's no way to adjust the table closer for little kids, and if you're tall, you'll have to fold yourself into the booth which is a little uncomfortable. Other than that this was a great experience!
5	Come in looking for a classic hot dog experience and you won't be disappointed. They char-grill everything. Half a dozen hot dog options, plus sausages, chicken sandwiches, burgers, fish  sandwiches, fries, onion rings, shakes, etc. Great kids meal deals.
3	Haven't been here in years and we finally decided to come here after church. Just in time right before lunch time rush! Service was quick and fast so the line moved quickly.We got 2 regular hotdogs and 1 brat and 1 polish! And fries. I live the burnt hotdog/sausage skin... So yummy :) idk if my salt tolerance is going down but i thought that the brat got really salty towards the end... Still yummy tho..Glad to eat at Ted's again!Coke goes so well with hotdog and fries :)
5	I love Ted's! Just ask for your dog extra done if you like it charred and charcoal-y like I do. I love their hot relish, and if you ask for "everything," you'll get everything BUT ketchup: just the way it should be.Their chili is delicious! Tip: if you ask for the chili or cheese on the side, you get more for the same price. They do offer Udi's gluten-free buns now, which is awesome, but I've gotten in the habit of just asking for no bun and using a knife and fork...basically, you can't go wrong eating a Ted's dog.
4	We've been to Tod's Hot Dogs several times when in the area.  Simple menu so it is easier to decide!   Everything is charbroiled in front of your eyes.  Prices are reasonable.  The place is quite clean as are the restrooms.   Help is friendly.   All in all a nice place for a quick snack or dinner.
1	Omg , I took a bite of a sausage sandwich  and I had to spit it out ... Almost puked in my mouth it tasted gross . Never again ....
5	Ted's still delivers consistently some of the best hot dogs around. The long lines at lunch time definitely reflect this! They offer credit card now, which is much appreciated in this day and age where paying with plastic is king. Whether it's a foot-long, bratwurst, or white hot, your meat in tubed form is consistently cooked with that nice char-grilled flavor. There are a plethora of toppings to choose from, and they now have mac and cheese as a side (Or even topping!) in addition to fries and their heavenly onion rings. Their milkshakes are still quite tasty, thick and rich. This is still the only place I know of to get a loganberry shake!
4	I love Ted's. It is easy to eat gluten free there and they even change their gloves when they handle GF items.
3	My experiemce is it is okay but for less money I can get equal or better food of the same type. At one time they were the only place. I enjoy the logenberry but not enough to go back.
5	Whenever I stop by for lunch, there's always a line.  And you know what long lines mean: delicious, fresh food.  If the line is long (so, closer to the main door), the wait can be about 15-20 minutes, and plenty of time to change your mind from wanting a Brat, or maybe an Italian sounds better, or maybe the White Hot, nah I think I'll try a Sea Dog, or Polish?  No, Italian, yes, an Italian with fries and onion rings?  Just onion rings.  I'm indecisive, if you couldn't tell.  Their most recent addition has been to add mac and cheese on your freshly grilled, and perfectly burnt (in a good way!) hot dog, for an extra 75 cents.  This and chilli, is the most amazing thing ever.  And don't forget to get some cheese on the side!  I might have to start attending cheese-aholic meetings, for the sake of my cholesterol (no, I refuse to see exercise as an option here).Cut to the chase:  My favorite things about this place, the perfectly grilled hot dogs, great choice of toppings (only the cheese, mac and cheese, and chilli are an extra charge), and those Teddy Bars look so good!  Though I've yet to try one.  My only complaint is the wait, but I've noticed that Ted's isn't so busy at dinner.  I hope I didn't just jinx that
5	Charcoal.. sure it's a smoky flavor that makes this place special, so what, it's worth coming to.  Why, well, rats swatted off batman, as someone visiting the area, this place doesn't necessary make me want to stop; but that's probably the beauty of a shoppe that doesn't need to advertise to get it's clientele inside. So what is it, it's a bratwurst.. maybe it's the foot long of meat.. in a tubed shape, that is shoved onto a hot charcoal grill.  Maybe it's the toppings, and all the cheese that you should also layer on top... and fries.   They also have some really good shakes and they seem to have plenty of thickness to withstand their own review.  Apparently, they are from Buffalo, NY; and the last time I was in Buffalo, I didn't try it...  but I'm glad it was on my menu of items to eat, because I think it's worth it.. and throw some chili on it too... hell, put everything on your dog... it's a meal in itself.
5	Most fantastic dogs around. Always a long line though so plan to take your time. Totally worth the wait.
5	Can NOT rave enough about this place. I love it so much!! It's the only one in AZ which is awesome!! Line is out the door during lunch hours no matter what day...just goes to show how popular it is!
4	Awesome! Charcoal grilled hot dogs of multiple sizes and varieties.The line looks intimidating but moves pretty quickly. Be prepared because the grill guy will ask for your order pretty quickly so that they can get a jump start on prepping your dog/sausage.My only complaint would be that the chili was lacking a bit of flavor and I should have asked for more onion, but those complaints would be nitpicking. Check this place out!
3	Their claim to fame is charcoaled grilled hot dogs and burders, taken back to my days of youth when Dad would spend time at the grill.  They were great and it was even fun ordering and decorating my food.  The onion rings are fresh made and they give you a ton with your order.  The chili sauce was so so, everything else was great and it was a fun trip.
5	Damn this place is fantastic. It's another great Tempe example of a short order, Charcoal grilled fast food joint. The sausages our particularly fantastic while the hamburgers are actually pretty mediocre.What really sets this place apart is the onion rings. I call them onion rings but that is really not doing them justice. It is more like taking a handful of chopped onions and dunking them in batter before dropping them in hot oil. So good.I've not had one but my friend I've gone with says the milkshakes are fantastic as well
3	Hotdogs were good nothing really special about hotdogs anyway, but great mac n cheese.
5	Choice of dogs.  Hot dogs have the skin casing which I love.  Onion rings were great.  Quick, Cheap (two dogs for under 6 bucks out the door)  It was exactly what I was looking for.  Fast, yummy, fair priced lunch.
3	I had high hopes to try their hot dogs.  I got the beef dog but it was ok, a little too charred for my taste.  The fries were great.  The wait in line was about 20 mins.  The place was packed due to an ASU game.  Some of the tables were dirty.
5	Ted's is always awesome for a quick bite. They might have a line out the door but they're super efficient, fast and friendly. The food is always to die for: fresh and hot.If it looks like there's a ton of people in there, don't be discouraged. The line moves faster than you'll ever realize and they take your order way before you're near the counter. It's not the same person preparing all of your food so its all getting done at the same time and you don't have to wait. They have a drink person, a grill person, a fry person, a shake person...As long as you're okay with the Buffalo Bills pennants around the place (haha), you'll really enjoy your meal and experience here.
4	The food was great!
5	I have went here twice & ordered onion rings & bratwurst w/ sauerkraut on the side & it was all good & the servers there were awesome & patient!!! My kids even loved it!!!
