5	i've never been a fan of las vegas and i really don't get it's appeal to so many people ... it's too damn hot, the traffic sucks, everything is overpriced, the people are either too fake (obnoxious fucks from los angeles) or  too real (obnoxious farmers from omaha), and the hotels are either too cheesy/theme-ish/tacky (luxor, excalibur, new york new york, etc) or too stodgy/stuffy/conservative (wynn, bellagio, venetian, etc)... but my recent stay at the palms place hotel just may have changed my antipathetic view on las vegas fandom.i've been following the hotels construction progress for the last year after seeing renderings and mock-ups of the interior and exterior. it opened the first week of march and i just happened to be going to vegas for a friends wedding the last weekend of april ... so i had to check it out.the palms place is a condo-hotel where about 80% of the owners allow the hotel to rent their units out when not occupied. there are two available room types for rent:*600 sq ft studio w/ king-sized bed, living room area, full kitchen, and bath*1200 sq ft one bedroom suite w/ king-sized bed, full living room w/ a free standing fireplace, full kitchen, 1.5 baths, washer & dryer, and a wrap-around balcony(all the unit are identically furnished w/ the same furniture, appliances, finishes, etc)some features of the hotel include: simon restaurant (opening soon), roja bar (cool little lobby bar/lounge), pool w/ full service bar and cabana rentals, drift spa, and a hammam (a big-ass coed sauna for "ritual cleansing & social gathering" ... basically a straight bath house).ok, on to my actual review of the place ... booked a studio ($275/night) online and when we arrived i asked the front desk guy if they had any high floor strip view rooms available ... he said they did  ... and did they ever ... 'cause dude upgraded us to a one bedroom corner suite ($749/night) on the 26th floor facing the strip. the room was unfuckingbelievable ... two walls of floor-to-ceiling glass, a free-standing purple-ish mirrored fireplace, two 42" plasma tv's, full living room area w/ modern italian furniture, kitchen w/ stainless steel countertops and cabinets, subzero refrigerator, gaggenau cook-top, fisher paykel dishwasher, breakfast bar w/ four stools, super comfortable king-sized bed, a large jetted bathtub in the bedroom, white carrera marble in the bathrooms & kitchen, ginormous walk-in shower w/ three showerheads, and a 500+ sq ft wraparound balcony. oh, and views of the strip (from the stratosphere to the mandalay bay) were mofo amazing. the only downside i can think of is ... after kicking it in a brand new, 1200 sq ft, super modern, high-end hotel room ... i have a feeling that every hotel room from here on out is gonna look/feel a little/a lot underwhelming.
5	Yes it's P-R-I-C-E-Y, but it's definitely W-O-R-T-H every penny.The views from these condos are breath-taking. The service is flawless and the staff is ultra-friendly.It's a small walk away from the Palms casino and restaurants, through the sky-tube, but that almost makes the experience even better! The pool is great and the best part is that you're in Vegas but it's not rowdy!When you reach the lobby you don't hear all the racket from slot machines and roulette tables .. cuz there are NONE.This is a classy, hip, relaxing spot for anyone who goes to Vegas with lots of money to spend for a priceless experience.Nobody else will experience something like this from a regular Vegas getaway.Also, the staff was friendly enough to allow us a 1 bedroom condo, 16 floors higher than our original Studio booking, for THE SAME PRICE.We paid 610$ for two nights, which should have costed 1200$ or more.This place is the bomb, spectacular views of Vegas and the desert with giant balconies that wrap-around the whole room. Top-notch design. Hotel style concierge and room service. Flat screen TVs even in the bathroom. Three shower heads in the shower. Bathtub inside the bedroom so you can still enjoy the view.If you can spend this type of money .. don't hesitate going anywhere else, you'd be a fool.
4	I enjoyed my stay here. The rooms were nice and brand spankin' new!!! Plus how can you go wrong with 3 TV's in your room.  There can be 3 parties occurring at the same time in your room. I have one suggestion... perhaps a TV on the balcony.  This way you can have 4 parties in your room.
5	This hotel is fantastic. Great rates. Really nice rooms. Cool staff. Highly recommend it.
5	I have to say that this is the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in. Had a Studio on the 37th floor. The place is beautiful, the staff is friendly (I always see Maloof in the lobby when I stay in the Palms and this time was no exception, which is a good sign: the guy is seriously involved). The room was impeccable, amazing bed, great views from the balcony.The design of the rooms is definitely neo-mid-century modern/minimalist/functional (shouldn't the Eames' estate get royalties for this kind of thing?). I almost don't want people to know about it, that's how great it was. It was not very busy when I was there (June 2008), probably because it's new and it was mid-week. This is a plus, in my opinion. It's not in a casino (another plus) but connected to one by a short walkway, so you're never far from the "action."Most people who go to Vegas don't give a crap about where they sleep. They just want a room to crash in-between boozing it up and gambling. I understand that, and I'm all for boozing it up in Vegas, but just a room to crash in is about as far from what I want in Vegas as you can get. I want to stay in a place that is nicer--a lot nicer--than the overpriced hovel I am renting in SF (and that I can't seem to find the time to clean, let alone pick up after myself). I also love being off the strip (I am no fan of throngs of people from the midwest -- make that drunk throngs of people from the midwest) and like that this place is super sweet (I think that means elegant) and low key.The pool area is small, but nice and beautifully done. The spa was also very good, though I wouldn't say great. Loved the Hammam (best part of the spa experience - the men's facilities were pretty small). I was the only one in it at the time (it's coed, so bring your suit). Loved Rojo lounge and had awesome cocktails -- "Absinthe Minded" and Mojave something or other (the drink with the jalapeno in it). Great decor, design, very nice, upscale, yet hip. Best hotel experience probably ever and definitely the best I've had in Vegas. I'm not a fan of places like Venetian or Palazzo (too fancy schmancy and/or "flowery" for my tastes). This is upscale, for real, but hip. And that suits me just fine. I will definitely be back!
5	My husband and I were looking for a place to go on vacation.  ANY place.  Then I saw the deal Palms Place was having: $139/night, 2 free passes to Drift Spa, 1 free cabana reservation, line passes to any club at the Palms, and a $40 dining credit.  Who can pass up a deal like that?We stayed on the 12th floor, which is a bit low, but still offered a great view of the strip.  Well, the strip is a bit ugly now with some huge monstrous hotel currently in construction, but we still got a great view of it!  The balcony was large, and looked straight down toward the pool area.  The pool area's music is on 24/7, so it was kinda nice going out onto the balcony at 3 AM to chill and listen to some music.The rooms are superb.  The bed was so comfy, and the pillows were soo fluffy.  We actually didn't use our line pass to any of the clubs because the bed was too comfortable.  We were asleep by 7/8 PM on both nights.  Yes, there are 2 big plasmas in the suite, next to each other, and 1 smaller plasma in the bathroom.  I wish the plasma in the bathroom was better placed though, like in front of the toilet or in front of the jacuzzi bath.  The jacuzzi bath was really deep and big, making it uber relaxing.  The toiletries were from Aveda, which was really nice, except for their super wacked out conditioner.The pool and cabana was nice, although really hot.  I got sick from the alcohol and the heat (but I get sick from alcohol every other time I drink so....).  The spa was decent, but the fitness center was awesome.  It was very clean, with bottled water and clean towels placed on top of each cardio machine.  There's even a TV on top of all the cardio machines, and sanitized speakers are provided!  Plus the banter of really old men with the trainers are quite entertaining.We did order room service for breakfast.  It was very fast and very very tasty.  I got the Simon Breakfast, with scrambled eggs with swiss cheese, Canadian bacon, hashbrowns, and orange juice.  The swiss cheese on top of those eggs were superb.  The eggs itself was nice and fluffy, just the way I like it.We did spend most of our time in Vegas just holing up in our suite, but oh, what a great suite it is.  It felt so refreshing!!Oh yea.. the casino itself is a bit boring.  I lost $60 on the blackjack tables.  Somehow I made it all back and more on the strip.  Soooo, no gambling for me off the strip, only on the strip.  =P
5	"Genuine Old School Service in the Sleekest most Stylishly Modern Place In VEGAS!"Whew.  So many raves I have no idea where to begin.  First off, the best service I have ever had, anywhere.  From the Bell Desk, Concierge, Bartenders, Cabana Girls, Maids and Security.  Everyone is so happy, friendly and very eager to serve.Most of the staff is full time, and I stayed for a week, so it becomes a little like Cheers I guess.Second, the rooms.  Simply Stunning.  Yet the design did not compromise its functionality in the least bit.  I am a very light sleeper, and rarely get a great nights sleep in any hotel, I slept like a baby!  beds so comfy, sheets pretty good, down comforters and pillows.not a noise from anyone on our floor!  Great bathroom, rain shower, huge tub. The Pool.  So relaxing.  No crazy drunks, not too many kids. very relaxing, great poolside drinks and snacks, very fast service and reasonable prices.Dont know how I will ever stay anywhere else when I go back to Vegas.  Guess I won't.**Also you can hit the palms pool if you want to get rowdy, flash your room card and you can cut in line, even the VIP line...it was nice, especially since it was Ditch Friday.
4	We found a nice package deal with "promo##" and got comped cabana ($250-$350 value), $50 dining/play credit, access Drift Spa, and passes to the clubs in the Palms.  What can I say, sounds like a great deal right?  Well, it was a great experience marred by some new hotel "growing pains."  Here's what happened, check-in is 3pm, we arrived 3:10pm on Sunday and was told our rooms were not ready due to guests requesting late check-out.  Luckily we didn't have anything planned so we just wandered around the hotel.  We overhead many frustrated guests who were "dealing" with the mgr because of this inconvenience..  I thought this was a bad start to our vacation.  They took our cell number and promised to call us asap.  Well, after an hour of walking around we went back to the front desk to check and got our room.  Hmm.. why did they take our cell?  There were still people arguing with the staff about not being able to check in and I wondered if we never check with them, if they would ever call us.  We got a room on the 35th floor which was nice but wasn't facing the strip.  We also have to ask for the package promos, something that irritated me more since that shouldn't be something we should be requesting.  After all its right on their computer screen..  Everyone was very apologetic about the inconvenience but nothing was offered at all (I thought a comped drink at the Rojo lounge would be nice).  So now the room.. wow.. what can I say..  modern, comtemporary...  it has a mini-kitchen..  mini-fridge (with ice!)..  jacuzzi jets in the tub, rain shower and of course twin plasmas.  but there were also some issues.. the marble(?) tile flooring in the bathroom and hallway is dirty (the floor got wet, I wiped with a towel and it turned black).  there was an used coffee pod in the coffee maker...  the bath tub had "bits and particles" in it (we rinsed it twice)..  missing beer slot in the fridge(are they gonna charge us?)..  and the grand finale..  the door would not lock..  apparently (this is from the "engineering" guy). .the weather strip is still new so you have to slam the door to make sure it locks.. if you close the door like a normal polite person then the lock won't engage and you can just push the door open..  nice huh?   We had to postpone our dinner plans because of this door problem..  the engineering guy probably thought we're strange in that we don't slam doors but then I never had this problem before..  we got our cabana the next day...  pretty nice.. really warm in the cabana though so hard to relax in there..   we inquired about the complementary water/fruit listed in the menu that comes with every cabana..  our waitress promptly snaps back "comped cabanas don't come with those"  Oh, thanks for pointing that out with your bitch face...  pool was nice (only 4.5 deep)..  music was loud so it was hard to focus on our books..  ordered a burger and lobster roll from bitch face...  burger was good.. but she forgot to give us utensils..  I should've just eat all with my hands and then wash them off in the pool..  the pool attendants were nice though..just our waitress had the attitude (guess it must be hard to work in a bathing suit serving sub-par food all day).  here's the best part of our trip.. Drift spa..   attendants are very friendly...   we got in for free of couse with our package.. normally $30 just to go in...the wet spa is nice... jacuzzi, steam room, sauna..  too hot for me...  the turkish Hamam (ambient steam?) is rather nice as  both me and my wife were able to lay out on the stone..  we came back again that day just to use the Hamam..  remember to tell the spa people to spray the eucalyptus spray aromatherapy in the Hamam before you go in.. we requested late checkout and was given 12:30pm.. asked 1pm and they said ok..  when we did check out we have to ask them to apply the dining credit to our balance..  again this is something that we shouldn't have to ask for..  and it was the manager who helped us too...  definetly has room for improvement and need to train the staff better including their management..  would come back again..check their website for promo packages...
5	If I could close my eyes and dream up my ideal apartment,  it would be this!! I've never been much of a Vegas person. In fact, I get an itch to go every 2-3 years. However, now that I have stayed at the Palms Place,  trips to this cheesy but glorious city will be far more frequent . ONLY , if I get to stay here. Forget the Belagio and the Venetian. Too stuffy. I certainly wouldn't decorate my apartment with ivory color columns and Mid-evil upholstery why the hell would I like to stumble in half drunk and half pretending I'm half drunk into a room that will for sure make me hug the tiolet.The one bedroom suite was amazing. Love the triple shower heads. The Pool area was small but chill. The absolute best part of this hotel and the very reason I chose to stay here is , no kids and no teenagers. Yes, the day I realized I have become a true AL-dult was the day teenagers and their stinky music bugged me. Great Staff. Attentive service. And don't worry if your room is a bit rowdy, there is a DOOR BELL. Its in the details I tell you.... With that said, one minor flaw: the restrooms had no vents. So pack your candles or matches. Ohh....please. U will thank me later.
4	our room was awesome.  we booked a studio with the "poolside package", which came with a free cabana one day during our stay.  the room has a huge balcony, and we had a view of the strip, which was great at night.the room has 2 plasma tv's, but i really don't think the 2 tv's are necessary, especially since they are so close together.  2 tv's are probably better if you have the one bedroom suite.  i loved the little kitchen.  we bought groceries & made breakfast both mornings we were there (well, my boyfriend did).  all stainless steel appliances, countertop, & cabinets.  the bathroom is a nice size, too.  i especially loved the jacuzzi tub!the only thing i can complain about are the curtains.  they are not true black-out curtains like you see in most hotels.  i could see light coming from the top & bottom.  i really needed them when we were trying to sleep late from our late night out.
4	The Palms is a great hotel for people in their 20's or 30's looking have a good time with some modern fun.  They have some great restaurant like the Little Buddha restaurant and of course there's Rain, and the Ghost Bar, both great places to enjoy after dinner.  The casino is also as good as it gets, and it has a nice big bar in the middle.
5	I booked their pool cabana promotion for one night and it was worth every penny! The package included one night at their studio suite, a pool cabana all day with your very own cabana boy, $40 food comp from their restaurant, discounts at the spa and a line pass/access to any of the Palms Clubs. This place was gorgeous. It had a very boutique hotel feel, the decor was very clean, modern and stylish. The service was great and really helpful. Our room was amazing! I would definitely stay here again!
5	I guess this place has only existed for about 2 months, but it is definitely nice.  The VC group I am with is putting us up here, and I was lucky enough to come early and get a room on the 52nd floor of this place.  Unfortunately, the view from my balcony faces a residential area, but the room itself is nice and spacious.  Being that these are basically condos, I have a small kitchen, a bed, and a small living room space.  It's funny that there are two 42" flat screens about 4 or 5 feet away from each other.  One is meant for watching TV in bed, and the other is meant for watching TV from the couch.  There is also a smaller flat screen with built-in DVD player in the bathroom.  Not sure why only the bathroom has a DVD player, but maybe if you wanted to watch a movie while on the can...The decor is really modern, and has all the amenities that you would expect from a 5-star hotel.  The kitchen area is stocked with the appropriate dishes, pots and pans, silverware, and glasses you need for dining and drinking.The shower/bath combo is pretty cool too.  The shower has two shower heads:  1 that is the normal showerhead connected to a hose, and the other being directly mounted to the ceiling.  I guess you could turn on both and be rinsed simultaneously from different angles.  Also, the other side of the shower is frosted glass window, so if someone else is staying with you, I guess you can see their siloheutte while they shower... :D  I just need to find a hot girl to stay with me here next time... :D
5	It's Friday, and I'm reminiscing about my great time at the Palms Place last weekend.One thing I forgot to mention was that the valets were really cool to talk to.  From the moment I got dropped off in my taxi, until the day I got into the taxi to go back to the airport, any of the valets I talked to all had a little Mike Canon (Las Vegas TV show reference) in them.So the funniest story for me was when I was waiting for a taxi to go to Caesar's.... So these two very hot chicks come out, and the blonde one gives her ticket to the valet to pick up her car.  While waiting, she stops the other valet, takes off her sunglasses, and asks the valet for his honest opinion of whether he thinks her hair looks "stupid".  The valet, at a loss for words, stammers a little and says that she looks fine, and her hair looks very nice.  They exchange a few other words here and there, and then the car pulls up... a very shiny, very new looking, Mercedes CLS500.  My jaw hits the ground at how beautiful this car looks.After they take off, the two valets start joking around, and I couldn't help joining in.  They kept saying "Can you say.... sugar-daddy?"  My comment was that no one that stupid could be buying a Mercedes on their own unless sugar-daddy, trust-fund baby, or Paris Hilton.
5	We stayed here for an anniversary getaway and was very impressed.  The studio suite was very nice and the service overall was good.  We had a balcony that faced the strip that gave us a great views.  The price for Palms Place was very reasonable when compared with other places on the same weekend.  Highly recommended.
5	God I love this place. I recently stayed here with a some girlfriends on a Vegas trip. The staff is incredibly nice and attentive. The rooms are big and spacious. I stayed in the Suite and could fit six girls easily and comfortably. The ambience is so relaxing, definitely made me feel like I was at a resort. The room came with a complete kitchen: stove, microwave, dishwasher...you name it, it was there. The bathroom was a bit on the small side but it came with an amazing shower and bathtub. The view is FANTASTIC. Best view of the strip ever!!! The pool is a bit quiet and definitely on the small side. It's a great place to go to if you're looking for peace and quiet. But who goes to Vegas for that! Bring on the party! The Palms is right next door, it takes about 3 minutes of walking to get to all the clubs etc. Although Palms Place is off the strip, it's literally connected to everything you could ever need. There's really no reason to leave this area since you have access to restaurants and clubs aplenty! If I wasn't a poor college student, I'd definitely stay here more often. :)
5	This is a great hotel.  My friend and I got a 1-bedroom suite for $199 a night, and they threw in a bunch of extras, like $40 in food credit, a cabana rental for a day, entrance to the spa.  So we got to check out the whole range of services they offer.I agree with the vast majority of the reviewers -- the hotel room is awesome!  My friend is a world traveler, traveling at least 20 times a year, and he said it was the nicest room he's ever had in his life.  The architecture was stunning -- modern yet warm.  The balcony by itself was larger than most hotel rooms -- you could actually jog around it if you wanted to get some exercise.  The room had THREE high-def TVs (the web site said there would only be two).  There was a kitchen, and right across the street is a large mini-mart to help you get stocked with beer and snacks.  The pullout bed was incredibly comfortable.  The only problem with the room was that it didn't have a radio, but they sent one up quickly when notified.  We enjoyed the room so much that we almost didn't want to leave.By staying at the Palms Place, you have access to both the pool at your hotel and the famous pool at the Palms Hotel.  I actually preferred the smaller Palms Place pool -- the crowd is just as attractive, but it's a little mellower and actually easier to connect with other people.  Not too impressed with the spa, but it's got all the standard amenities.  The nightclubs are way overrated, especially the Playboy Club.  There's nothing to distinguish it from a regular nightclub except for the Bunny outfits.  But who cares?I love the location, too.  You can hang out at the Palms if you want to experience the party scene with the beautiful people.  If you're running low on money and need cheap eats or low table minimums, just cross the street to the Gold Coast.  And the Rio is also within walking distance.  We spent 3 days in Vegas and we never left this little area.  If I can find good midweek specials in the future, I don't think I'll ever stay anywhere other than the Palms Place again.
5	I was in Las Vegas for work and took a handful of my co-workers over to Palms to eat and party. We were in a less then "trendy" hotel for our work convention... we desperately needed the hot spot. We started at N9NE Steakhouse and it was amazing! Between 5 of us for dinner it was well over a grand so plan for a big bill. I can say it was well worth it. My meal was amazing and the wine selection was to die for. Although I thought the white wines were a bit too chilled. (Had to get a bitch in there somewhere)After that we headed over to Rojo Lounge at Palms Place (what a f'ing hike. Seemed like we walked the whole meal off) to meet up with yet more co-workers. We were there for a good 3 hours drinking and chatting. The service was great. The manager Robert stepping up to take care of us since we were dropping large funds for a Sunday night. Everyone left there feeling a bit too good for the early start in the morning. We ended up fully moving out around 3am or so to head back to the outdated location we slept in. It was hard to leave!I am staying at Palms in a few weeks... I look forward to testing the full hotel out.
3	We stayed at PP for three nights recently. The suite was killer, the view even better. A bathtub in the middle of the room...totally bummed our kid was with us- that's all I will say about THAT! I did like that there were mostly young people around and the vibe was very laid back and swanky. The reason they only get 3 stars is for cleanliness...our room was NOT clean. There must have been a party in our suite the night before because there was ketchup smeared underneath the glass coffee table, something gross sprayed across the wall in the LR...toothpaste smeared on the sliding door of the bathroom, goopy stuff  on the carpet in the bedroom...there was more but I forget what it was. Then to top it all off the maid just lets herself into our room while I'm in the shower....HELLLOOOO. Can't you see the little sign that says Do NOT Disturb? or can't you read?  On the whole I liked our stay at Palms Place and would choose to stay there again but I think I'd make a bigger stink if we get a dirty room again.
2	I'm going to start off with a Seinfeld quote, "You can take the reservation, but you can't hooooolllddd the reservation."I booked a 2 bedroom and when we arrived to the hotel they only had 1 bedrooms available. I capitulated cause I didn't have a choice (we had 3 dudes since I was there for a bachelor party). So I asked for 2 cots and they said they would bring them up. 5am we've been parting all night and arrive back at the room, where are the cots!? No cots! I call down to the front desk. Ring, ring, ... HOTEL: hotel frontdeskME: why didn't you guys bring up the cots? HOTEL: We did, but no one was at your room!? ME (thinking): you come in and clean my room w/o asking why is this any differentHOTEL: please call a manager tomorrow to ask.Awesome customer service! Not cool.Anyways, we got the cots in the end. No one died. 2 star experience.
5	A great place to stay. My room was great and the restaurants/bars in the hotel were terrific. If you are a guest you get into the clubs for free which is nice. Everybody is here to have a good time. I didn't see any weirdos, frat morons or gross eastern bloc mobsters, which was great.
5	Now I have stayed and I am even more in love! The customer service was great. From the front desk to the lady that brought more towels. Everyone was top notch. We only left the hotel once, there was really no need to leave the Palms locations. My only issue was getting a cab at night is hard. We almost missed our reservations cause the cabs just don't come to the Palm's Place entrance like they do the Palms. But, just give yourself a few extra minutes and you should be ok. The pool was perfect after a long night of drinking. We hung out in the cabana ate lunch got some sun and even got a little wild. It is very relaxed location with a very yummy lunch menu. Check the photos for a few room photos - very clean and well designed.. The shower and tub alone made the stay complete. I could go on and on but, just check my other reviews to get the big picture.
5	SPA REVIEWOne of the great secrets in Vegas.  This spa is in the Palms Place Hotel. Not to be confused with the Palms next door. Now this spa is basically designed with the owners of the condos upstairs in mind. So it's great for locals. Close to the strip without being on it (and the tourist traffic).  And since it's kind of hidden, it's usually very quiet. The men's side is well laid out and clean. Lockers are large. The steam room and spa work perfectly and are well maintained. They have a large whirlpool and a cold dip pool.  Everything is done in a earthy slate colors and is very relaxing. No irritating music. These people seem to get it, Im there to relax, not get processed thru some massage factory line. And speaking of massage, ask for Megan or Becca. They are both fabulous. Altough I have to give extra kudos to Megan. She has hands to die for. If she were single, I'd propose marriage without hesitating. :-) Yes she's that good!I only have 3 beefs with the place. First, you can never get an attendant on the male side. So getting your slippers takes forever. Two, the front desk seems to have 2 sets of girls to make appointments. Dont know why. I always talk to the ones who are dressed down in work uniforms. They are always super nice and helpful. The chicks standing next to them in black tanks and lots of hair and make-up come off as total bitches. Looking down their nose at you, etc. You know what I mean. I always get a good laugh since I know I make a ton more than they do. Third complaint, The Hamam. They advertise having a Turkish Co-ed Hamam.  Lame.  One, the steam is just high enough to irritate you with humidity. Never high enough to be classed as a steam room. It's always empty. No one goes there. Recently it's also been less well maintained with used towels laying on the main seating area. Plus, due to the low heat, it is developing an odor.  SInce none of these really affect me. 5 Stars for a nice tucked away little jewel of a spa where I can actually relax and get a great massage!
4	The rooms make you feel like you're in a pimp bachelor pad - 3 tv's may be a bit overkill but it's Vegas.  Unlike most Vegas hotel/casino/resorts the Palms Place always seems a bit quiet but in a good way.  Check in and out is a breeze and the staff in and around the building are all very friendly.  The only real drawback is the pool is small and at certain hours you won't catch the rays unless you move to another area.  Also there's only one restaurant to eat at, Simon restaurant.  The food at Simon is good and they offer everything from burgers to sushi but eventually you get tired of going back to the same place.  Getting to the Palms casino is fairly easy with a 10 minute walk on the walkway (at max) and quick elevator ride down to the casino floor.  For those of you who like lower limit tables you can walk across the street to the Gold Coast where mostly locals play and limits are $5 dollars all day.
1	Rude staff, horrible atmosphere, pompous concierge.Folks, you work in a casino that was made famous because some kids lived a "fake" reality a few years ago.That is sad.When we arrived we had to get the attention of the young bimbo at the reception.I am so tired of being the one who has to initiate rapport.   I am the customer...you are the business rep, your turn to establish rapport...not MINE!We were placed into a smoking room that would have made an enphesemiac uncomfortable.  The room deodorizer that was brought up was nothing more than pungent citrus deoderant.We were moved to the "53"rd floor (really 33rd) after the pompous and prissy on their period check in girls begrudgingly obliged us.The doormen outside of Ghostbar were the epitome of L.A. bouncer sleaze that ensured that I will never ever return here.Great place if you're one of those drunks that doesn't care about service and enjoys being made to feel guilty about taking up an online discount offer to stay at a hotel Wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy off the strip.  Enjoy the 3 mile ride to Las Vegas Blvd.
4	The atmosphere of the Palms is definitely sexy on the outside.  Looking up to the cool, misty, colorful towers is entrancing.  I spent a couple hours of gambling here.  I won $100 on the slot machines and after 1 hour of nerve-racking blackjack on "the black jack table from hell", I left only having lost $5!I had about 15 consecutive 12-16 hands; and then had way too many 17s, 18s, and 19s with the dealer showing a 10, jack, queen, or king.The cocktail service was a bit tentative and flakey but I still had a good time here.  It's not gaudy like some casinos and is trendier and even rustic in a classy sense.  I didn't have time to go on the tower, but I hear the view of the strip is breathtaking.
4	Gorgeous room.  Decently priced for what you get (huge bathroom, kitchen, living and sleeping areas in the studio, and a balcony).  5 minute walk to the Palms to get to the exciting places.  Only problem is the pool is not very happening.  We just took the walk and enjoyed the people and service at the Palms.  But if you're looking to get away from the majority of the tourists and crowds, staying at the Palms Place is a superb idea.
4	It's pretty off the strip, so you either have to taxi or limo everywhere, or you could just eat at Sonics =P There is a go-kart place next door. It's not a bad place to stay! We stayed at a pretty baller penthouse on the top floor. It's pretty huge, the view was great. The pool is pretty chill, with a decent bar. It's quite a walk to/from the Palms casino section.
4	We rencently spent a while here after going back and forth over staying at all the rest.... What the hell, why not? LOVED the place, thought it was fantastic, top noth service, maid staff, fast room service, great chillaxing pool, and a very good looking yo9unger crowd. I have frequested the regular Palms, which is also great, but this is a big step up. Jessican Simpson, Eminem, and other Celebs own condos here... Also its SMOKE FREE which is AWESOME! It is not far at all from the strip, and yes it is a little hidden, but I really LIKED the privacy, no riff raff stumbling through trying to take pictures of the pent up tigers, or buffet.... The only people comin in and out where the guests there.... A short walk over the The Palms casino which is great along with The Playboy club, Moon, and the other one.... The Maloofs did a fantastic job on this, and we loved it... The only killer was Sunset tan-- $30 to get a REGULAR 12 minute tan-- You have GOT to be kidding me... WAAAY over priced and some snotty 20 year old working there... Other than that, the dining there (forgot the name) was TOP NOTCH--drinks at Rojo were awesome and we loved the balcony overlooking the strip---We will def be back!
3	Stayed at The Palms when the second tower was being finished, actually stayed on in the tower, it was weird but cool.The rooms (suites) were really good, deep soaking tub, lounging area, so I don't think you can go wrong from a room perspective. Casino is OK, no really good eats, AND the strip is NOT in walking distance. Younger crowd which is kind of fun but the action is still over yonder pardner.Git along little doggie!
4	This is a lovely hotel. We rented a suite fully equipped with 2 treadmills, 2 bedrooms, one with rotating bed, one hot tub, one sauna, and 2 huge bath tubs. Fabulous! One star off for being kind of far from everything else.
5	I recently stayed at the new palms place tower on my most current trip to Vegas. I normally stay at The Palms, but this time around was booked in  the new tower. I will now make that my permanent location to stay on future trips! The staff was very friendly and my room was amazing! Very inviting, warm, and modern. I must say that the highlight of my stay at The Palms Place was my visit to Sunset Tan, the customer service I received was outstanding, especially being a woman who has much experience tanning in sun beds. The staff was very professional and fun, and the equipment is top noch, hands down. The craziest sun beds I've ever seen! and it was worth every penny for the color I received. They recommended to try their version of a cocktail, which for those of you who are not sun worshipers like myself, is going into a sun bed first and then getting sprayed. I was very leary about trying the sunless airbrush tan because like other people ( the mystic tan was not my thing! ) but Mikey and Cat convinced me, so I gathered up my courage to the try what they are known for. The experience was incredible, and the sunless tan was better then I have experienced in the past, and very natural! I received many compliments and I will make sure to make this a frequest stop anytime I am at The Palms or in Las Vegas. Overall, I have always loved staying at the palms, and if you are that person as well next visit try the palms place I promised you won't be dissapointed.
5	The Palms Place is my new favorite Vegas place.  Here's why:* Big-ass excellent standard "studio" room:  modern decor, hardwood floors, family-size jacuzzi tub, double-headed shower action, an almost-real-kitchen with a blender and margarita pitcher, and a balcony from which I could look *down* upon the GhostBar and Moon in those other lesser Palms buildings.* No check-in line.* EZ in & out:  no miles of casino and mall between room and hotel door (ahem, Venetian); quick, friendly, and tip-deserving valet, and no waiting for a taxi ever.* Regular Palms casino is a fairly short airport-like  moving walkway away.* Only $140/nite for Th AND Fri nite stay.  WTF?Yeah, it's a couple miles away from the Strip, but I bet I could be in a taxi and on the Strip collecting hooker cards from migrant workers faster than you could walking there from your Strip hotel/casino labyrinth.
4	Literally have no complaints except one, which i'll get to at the bottom! The room and view was amazing, spacious, clean, comfortable, very up to date, and nice. Ordered room service at like 4 am one morning, food was excellent! At at the restaurant in the hotel, Simon, food was also good. Also took advantage of drinking at the hotel bar, Rojo. The stay was fabulous, until checkout! The hotel charged an extra $250 "fee" but would not explain what it was for. This was on top of room rate and all the other stuff we knew we charged to the room. When asking about the extra fee, the front desk lady would not explain what it was for, and just said that they charge everyone this fee. What?!?!
4	From the moment I booked over the phone the day I left...I was very pleased with my first overnight stay at Palms Place!!!Brian, was such a pleasure on the phone and easy on the eyes in person when I met him at the front desk to check in. Sunday brunch with waitress, Amanda was a totally fun time. I gorge on the all you can eat menu. Left happy and stuffed for the Spa. The SPA was the BIG let down on the pleasure zone high I was feeling. First: the young lady who is to give you a tour in the ladies area was a total BITCH. Yep, I said it. BITCH!! She was so blah about explaining everything in the locker room. Honey, if you hate it so much leave the Palms Place. Don't be a BITCH to me. I also had to go up to Her/Bitch to have the tour. Sorry, but she should of known better to come to me. Waste baskets should be near the sinks. None around and I had no idea where to drop off my robe and slippers after my service. The locker room NEEDS improvement on the little things!!! Had a couples massage/bath. The bath tub was a total joke. Very small!!! My room had a bigger tub in the bedroom. I was lucky to stay in the apartment room. Very Very stylish with a killer view of SIN City. Getting back to the bath. After a deep tissue and being in silent bliss. The lady rubbing down my hubby thought it was a great time to drain the tub. Hello! What part of relaxation calls for a big gurgle noise? Ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!! Not a good time at that spa. With Vegas having so many great spa's, I will have to pass on ever returning to this one. Hotel is AWESOME!!!!! Spa is a total "debbie downer" buzz kill for a great time in the city!!!!
3	I'm back in Lost Wages, Nevada, AGAIN.  This time i came out a day early for some party time and I stayed at the Palms Place.  Ultra ultra swank rooms....but kinda poopy service.  It took forever for our room to be ready and there were amazingly long waits for luggage to be transported.  As for the rooms themselves, I would be happy if they moved one into my apartment - dark wood, marble bathrooms, modern plumbing, and the kitchenette was perfect.  I was able to boil hot water for tea easily.I was also a big fan of the lack of noise.I'd choose the Palms Place again if I opted to come to Vegas for personal reasons (not that I really plan on it...)
4	So I have to admit I haven't a clue how much the studio room costs at the Palms Place. Jamie W. got it for a couple of nights as part of a boondoggle his company was having in Vegas. I just tagged along as the proud freeloader that I am. I arrived after midnight and had no idea that the Palms complex consisted of three towers. Naturally, the Palms Place was the furthest away from the main action where the taxi driver dropped me off.Ah, the Palms Casino...now THAT was a zoo, just the way I would expect a casino to be that was aimed at the just-turned-legal set this place seems to attract. I can see why the likes of Britney and Paris liquor themselves up and get married to anyone handy for 48 hours. But the Palms Place is in the adjacent building connected by an airport terminal-style automatic walkway. It's a definite study of contrasts where you enter a quiet lobby with absolutely no activity. I had no idea this was a condo building as well, as I kept wondering where the slot machines were. Gee, I had my rolls of nickels ready to break. The studio room is nice enough though from my perspective, lazily designed and somewhat impractical. I could never figure out why there were two large flat-screens nearly next to each other on the same wall. I also wondered why they used a cheap counter veneer to simulate the chocolate wood you'd find in a West Elm catalog. As befitting a studio apartment, there's a kitchenette, a breakfast bar, and a small living room area surrounding the king-size bed. By far, the bathroom is the best feature with a vessel sink, a deep jacuzzi tub, and a rain-shower. If you want to be away from the in-crowd, this may be your hotel of choice. Hey, I don't mind admitting that I am well beyond the age range for the party-hearty Palms Casino crowd, so the quietude of the Palms Place is a plus. As they are hurting like the rest of Vegas, they appear to be offering a $159 per night deal during the week. Not bad if you don't mind taking taxicabs to the Strip.
4	I will start off by saying i was born and raised in vegas and let me tell you, most of the rooms are cheesy even now.  I moved to cali 5 years ago and  i come into town sometimes to do photoshoots and to see family and friends.  I stayed at the palms place in7/08 i loved the place everyone was polite and helpful.  Service was great.  The only thing I didnt like was the pool guy he had attitude.  The room was great.  Not as Chaotic as the Palms. Definately for 20-40 crowd not any older than that.
3	Oh Palms Place, I feel a little cheated.....Having finished finals I decided it was time for a much needed Vegas break, and PP was running a deal where you get a cabana at their pool along with a few other perks when you book a studio during the week....ahhh perfection!Well, we arrived and the pool was closed for glass in it....so no cabana....hmmm....minus points for not immediately moving that cabana over to the Palms pool, however, we did speak with a manager and got a pretty good deal worked out. That aside, the room was spacious and very modern feeling. 2 flat screen TVs 5 feet apart seemed a little excessive to me, but I did appreciate not having to twist my head at all to watch TV from bed...so....good for them. The bathroom was large, TV inside, but my favorite part would be the HUGE bathtub with jets and the double shower so you could really get squeaky clean from all the Vegas debauchery. I did appreciate the king size bed with a pull out couch as well...you know, for when you want to pack people in and have a cheap stay... **** It does take FOREVER to get a taxi here, so you are almost better off walking to the Palms.....Room service was timely and not too overpriced...I would come back, but would opt for the Hardrock then the Palms first.....
4	Dude they have a television in the bathroom and they might have the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. That alone is reason enough for me to stay there again. It is a very nice hotel with the feeling of a high end apartment/condo. The 2 flat-screens in the main room are nice but a little overkill. The lounge on the first floor is nice and seems like it is rarely crowded. It is a little far from everything else, so plan on taking a taxi (from the main hotel). It is about a 5 minute walk to the main hotel via the sky tube. The casino is a little small but good for drinking and hanging out. As for the clubs in the Palms I hear they are great, but I don't do clubs in Vegas.
4	The rooms really are that nice!  Once we get to Vegas, we usually walk (I know- crazy, right?) to the nearest convenience store to stock up on evening snacks and drinks.  But with a full kitchen, we went all out. There is a Food 4 Less up the street, a short $5 taxi ride away from the strip on Flamingo.  There we loaded up on breakfast and lunch foods, fruit and drinks.  It was money well-spent. We ate a good breakfast every day and had at least one dinner and lunch there, too. It's hard to eat well in Vegas- waking up at noon every day... However,  Palms Place is way, way OFF strip.  I don't know if I would stay here again because of the location. The pool is decent, Palms clubs are killer and Ditch Fridays is free to hotel guests.  We found some dirt around the room- sticky cup rings on the bedside tables, dishes were 'washed' for us, but came out dirty.  The bed's sheets also sounds kind of like nylon- comfy, but LOUD.  Mostly cool- if you get a good deal, take it.
4	took hub here last year for his big b-day bash.  it was our 1st time.   discovered this on yelp as it seemed to fit our needs.   wanted to stay at a hip chill place without the young loud crowds.palms place definitely fit the bill......the rooms were ultra modern, hip w/ 2 large flat screen ( agree w/ all -- 2 flat screens side by side is too much),  a kitchenette, a balcony w/ view of vegas skyline.............this is the vegas life for the weekend!!!!  this was super chill, just the way we like it...........quiet, mellow, without the crowds.   we loved the pool too.  we lounged daytime sipping our cocktails, never got too crowded or loud.   the only problem is that when we did want to go to the strip &  missed the shuttle it would cost $10 each way.   we tried walking w/ flip flops to the strip 1 day in about 90 degree weather & it took a 1/2 hour to get there (thought it would only take 15 - 20 minutes, wrong!)    but after the weekend, we were pretty done with vegas.  if we ever decide to come back to vegas we would definitely come back to palms place.....
4	Great place. Off the strip without a casino so you actually get some privacy. We stayed in a suite that was legit and huge. I passed out on the balcony one early morning watching the sun come up over the strip.The pool and spa is great. They gave us the cabana package for free since we were there during the week, which was a great way to chill after a night of partying.We got into all the clubs and bars at the palms for free since we had sexy girls with us that got us in. They happened to have met a very high up person at the Palms that gave them his business card and told them to drop his name in line. :DI give it 4 stars because there were some little things that bugged me. We ordered the chicken soup one morning because my friend was ill (it was recommended by room service), and I will have to say that I did not know you could mess up chicken noodle soup until that day. They drenched the dish in white pepper, which is only to be used in small portions if at all. They would have been better off opening a can of chicken noodle soup and giving it to me. Seriously.Also we kept having issues with one of our TV's... the one in the living room where we played music. It was skipping like a CD even though it wasn't a cd...I would definitely stay there again though. The ambiance in the rooms is great. You will not get a more modern place near the strip. It was hip. It was cool. It was a place that you wanted to bring girls or guys back to.
2	From LA, just got back from Vegas.  I usually stay at MGM or Mandalay and I so wish I did on this last trip.  We were so excited about staying at Palms Place cos it has been so hyped up with all these shows with celebs.  Let me just say, you certainly pay the premium price to NOT get the rockstar treatment.  The over all service was terrible.  Though, our room was totally kick ass and very clean.  At the tiny, over crowded pool, it took over an hour to get our food and drinks.  When it finally came, they messed up the order.  The staff was lazy and unapologetic.  The bartenders looked like they from the Tool Academy.  Also, the elevators did not work,.  You have to use your key to get to the floor you want to go to.  However, it was broken so basically you are going up and down not stopping on the floor you want.  At night we went to dinner at 9 steak house.  Great food but super expensive.  The service was terrible.  We had to constantly wave down the server when we needed something.  Then we went to club Moon, it was over crowded, and just ghetto.  Just to have a little table with 4 stools cost $425.  Even the Playboy club had nothing special to offer.  It was so typical.  All in all, it was an over priced let down.  Go somewhere else.
4	4 of us traveled to Vegas and stayed in a one-bedroom suite. The suite was amazing. Huge, beautiful rooms, great bathroom (there's only 1.5 in the one-bedroom suite, unlike the Signature at MGM Grand which gives you 2) amazing view of the Rio and strip. The walk to The Palms casino is very easy through the skywalk, and there are some great bars and clubs in The Palms. The Palms Place pool is laid back, which is just how I like it. It's nice to go to a swanky hotel in Vegas with great service and not have to deal with a casino every time you want to go in and out of the hotel. But the casino is conveniently close to the hotel. My only complaint is that it is pretty far off the strip, so if you want to go anywhere else, you need to cab it.
4	Awesome contemporary suites. The rooms also have decks with amazing views. Down comforters, 2 flat screen tv's in the living room/ bedroom, 1 flat screen in the bathroom. Great jacuzzi tub and dual head shower. It is a younger, drunk, screaming party crowd. Especially on "Ditch Fridays" at the pool. I though I walked out to MTV Cancun Spring Break. No relaxing or book reading there. The service was blah and the hotel staff is a bit pretentious. This is the only hotel I've ever stayed at that the key system didn't work 100%. This is a huge problem when you have to use your room key to get in the elevator. Slide it in- red light...red light...red light...green light (maybe after about 6-7 tries). Pain in the ass. Despite the blah service, room key failure, drunk people bumping around and lack of ice machines (you have to call room service or make it in the freezer)- I love this hotel.
5	First, its important to note that I HATE Las Vegas.However, Palms Place is my new favorite thing. The rooms are cool and contemporary the bathrooms are simply brilliant and there is NO casino or gaming at this property - if you want that, get on the moving walkway and you're in the heart of it in 3 mins.The pool. What a gem, we spent two straight days relaxing and chilling by the pool - the staff was attentive and the crowd was well behaved. Very enjoyable.
5	WOW WOW WOW WOW! The Palms Place is the definition of cool and class when in Vegas. I was in town for the Kylie Minogue show (which was amazing) and decided to splurge on a room at the Palms Place. We were placed on the 28th floor with a room that had a view of the entire strip. I don't know how many times I just stood in the balcony and stared out into the valley. It's an amazing view of Las Vegas, especially at night. The room itself was ridiculous. We had a full service kitchen, a lounging area with a couch, two flat screens and the most delicious king sized bed I've slept in. The bathroom had a jacuzzi hot tub within the same space as the stand alone shower that probably fits, oh i don't know, 6 people at a time. It was beyond comfortable and spacious. The hotel staff was spectacular. I had emailed the hotel prior to my arrival to see if there was anything they can do to make my stay special as i was celebrating my 3 year anniversary with boyfriend there and this trip was my gift to him (Kylie being the gift to myself). Lo and behold on the second day when we came back from sightseeing in Red Rock Canyon, we had a bucket with a bottle of Moet Chandon Champagne waiting for us along with a dish of chocolate covered strawberries. Such a wonderful gesture. The hotel itself is impeccably clean. Everywhere you look there are modern touches here and there in terms of decorations. The pool was clean and tranquil, unlike the nightmare that is the Palms pool. If you want a great stay in a trendy, amazing hotel off the strip, please try the Palms Place. You will see a whole other side of Vegas that you've never seen!
4	So Rob Thomas was playing in Vegas this past Saturday, so i thought why not get a room and spend some time in Vegas and have some fun.. once purchased the tickets the question was where to stay.. We arrived at the Palms Place on Friday at around 7pm. We pulled in to Valet, which immediately strikes you as a posh New York boutique hotel... Lobby was nice, no casino, no line...checked-in in 10 minutes. 29th floor room, with a balcony, jet tub, separate dual shower, Aveda stuff, 2 40" TVs.. nice.. i did good, thought to myself, he likes the room..This place is or was intended as a residential property therefore there isn't much variety of restaurants or bars, but their only bar called Rojo Lounge was more than perfect. The pool, area is not the best or the nicest in Vegas for sure but its all you need. relaxing, quick and attentive service, decent pool-side food, not too crowded.. (god, i just realized relaxing was the first thing that came to mind i must be getting old)We spent 48 hours here and it was good times, worth the money, i was happy, and the smiles i got from him from time to time made it priceless.
4	This place was beautiful- awesome room, great shower, more than one flat screen and there was a tv in the bathroom-wtf? It was just really nice. Very sleek, full of beautiful ppl- a few uglies here and there. Great ambiance, very posh and glamorous! And the ppl living in the suite are awesome, met the guy when we were check in in. Great time!
5	Money's worth...For a 3 night weekend we paid $1400!2 Bedroom Suite which includes: 1800 sqft, 2.5 baths, 2 full kitchens, a whole bunch of TVs (even one in the bathroom) and a wrap around balcony.This place even has a full service valet.No casino downstairs but you can easily walk to the Palms through the skytube.I'll be back when I can round up at least 10 people to go to Vegas.
5	"Go girl...its your birthday... " So where did I go? Vegas...and where did I stay? Palms Place... Let's start by saying I've been to Vegas many many many times. This is hands down THE BEST hotel I've stayed in for many reasons. First the service is impeccable. Anytime I asked for anything be it room service, a bell hop, valet, I got it instantly. The staff is very attentive and eager to make your stay the best. (I had a light bulb out and the engineer came up to fix it within 10 minutes of me calling)... Second, the room. My room was amazing. Balcony, two flat screens (so I could watch two football games @ once), full kitchen, amazing bathroom, hardwood and marble floors, ipod based music player, super comfy bed...the website said I wouldn't want to leave and it was right! Third, the food. We ordered room service one morning and it was awesome. (Highly recommend the Simon's french toast). Also, dropped into Simon's (in house restaurant) on a dining credit that was part of my package and had a great sushi dinner, best edamame I've ever eaten. Ever. Fourth, I liked that the property did not have a casino. I like the option for peace and quiet. It is very modern, new and chic. Fifth, the amenities. The bar (Rojo) was very sleek and modern, good bartenders. The spa (although I didn't try it) is brand new. The restaurant (Simon's) is one of the best in Vegas. They also have a sunset tan if you need a fix. The concierge was super helpful and even put us on the guest list for a club at a different hotel. Overall it was an excellent choice for my birthday and I highly recommend Palms Place to anyone who wants the glitz of Vegas from a distance.... Note: Palms Place offers package deals which are not much more expensive than the regular prices (maybe $20 more per night) but for that you get your money's worth.
5	After having a very subpar experience at the Palms (awful, dated rooms.. horrible service.. etc), I was nervous to give Palms Place a try. After staying here I can honestly say this is now one of my favorite hotel rooms in Vegas! Things I love:* HUGE BALCONY FACING THE STRIP. There are no other luxury hotels in Vegas (as of now) with huge balconies. The views are incredible and being able to go outside rocked. I'm not a smoker, but if you are maybe you'd really enjoy having this space.*Hardwood floors. Gourgues and seems a little more sanitary.*Beautiful bathroom and kitchen. Shower and bathtub were a neat design and uber luxurious (rain shower, huge tub with jets).*Soft bed*EASY CHECK IN. No lines, nice desk people, etc. Something you won't find at the Palms or most other hotels in Vegas.Ok so enough about the rooms.. let's talk the property:*Gambling: Kind of a long (5 - 10 minute) walk to the casino. I find the Palms casino to be kinda dated and blah. If you're coming to Vegas strictly to gamble mb this isn't your hotel. *Pool: It was too cold to check it out but it looked amazing.*Food: Simon is hit or miss imo, but there's a food court + plenty of restaurants at the Palms you can hit up.*Bar: My husband and I loved the lobby bar. Great drink menu, competent bartender, groovy atmosphere.Overall if you can get a decent rate (we paid $99), don't care about being on the strip, and crave a quieter, more sophisticated hotel, I can't recommend this place more.
4	Siiiiick ass suite! So effin sexy. Oozes sex appeal. Sex sex sex-e. That's all you'll be thinking when you step in the door. You don't even have to get laid for real (I know I didn't!), because this room will be givin' it to you good all night:Dim mood lighting that doesn't have a setting to go full blast bright. Fireplace that turns on with the flick of a switch. A bed that hugs back. You literally m-e-l-t into it like butter on a hot skillet. Mirrors, mirrors, and..oh look! More mirrors! A shower with not one, but two hand held shower heads, and a waterfall shower overhead for good measure. Cushy, stylish furniture and decor. Dark woods & marbles. Sliding door room separators for privacy. A tub in the bedroom.Not only is is sexy, but it is also functional:-Full kitchen: stove, fridge/freezer (with ice!), sink, dishwasher, plates, utensils, pots, pans, other cooking utensils, a blender, coffee maker (*room for improvement on this one), dishwasher. -Washer & dryer: Because someone's likely to spit/spill/throw some shit on your shirt and this will come in handy.-2.5 baths: Designate the "1.5" one for dropping deuces and/or blowin' chunks. -2 balconies: HUGE..by the way. Not really necessary, but cool that you've got two. HUGE ones.-Big ol' flatscreens galore, and one in the bathroom.-Aveda branded toiletries-Two expansive built in closets with plenty of room for all the things you over packed. And a light that turns on when you open it.Room service was very professional & nice. One complaint I have is the elevators to get up to the room suck.  They take FOREVER. One side kept going out of order. Oh, and the vanity cubby area lighting is incredibly unflattering. Put the hottest person alive under those lights and I guarantee they will look hideous.
5	With all of the fireplaces, views of the desert mountains, in-suite swimming pools, way too many flat screens, game rooms, double-headed showers, excellent customer service, beautiful outdoor pool, AND being away from the fat tourists on the Strip (extra bonus points!)-- I don't even care about how high my room service bill is! This place has me spoiled and I can't stay anywhere else if I have to go to Vegas.
5	Simply AMAZING.  ABSOLUTELY divine.LOVE it!So long Caesar's...I've found a new friend!more here:http://monkeywonderland.com/blog/?p=2223
5	I used to be partial the TheHotel @ Manadlay Bay....but, sorry....Palms Place is my new favoriteFrom the sexy decor, the posh and swanky mood the rooms have....oh, not to mention the amenities, I am forever a patron here!We had a one bedroom suite and it included:Washer/ Dryer, Full kitchen (with everything possible you could imagine), 2 balconies, 2 bathrooms, a copier/printer/fax, 3 phones, a queen-sized pull out bed, a whirlpool tub, 1200-sq ft of living space.....mirrors galore, a vanity, pleanty of closet space, and MORE!The bed was amazing....the service was amazing....But, also, the seclusion of this place, compared to the adjoining Palms or other larger-scale hotels, really makes it romantic!!I had the best time of my life here!!I DEF RECOMMEND!xo-andrea
4	Want to live in a millon dollar urban apartment--or just borrow one for a night? The one-bedroom suites at Palms Place are a fantastic execution of sexy, sleek, classic cool. Done in muted, masculine tones, the mod digs feature addictive beds, showers-for-2 (with rainfall), a freestanding spa tub in the bedroom, plasma Tvs (with DVD), an automatic fireplace, long couch, all-stainless fully appointed kitchen, and balconies (a rarity in Sin City). And the room service is by Iron Chef America winner Kerry Simon--who also does a unique Sunday brunch downstairs. Nice details like dimmer lights throughout, Aveda amenities, and well-placed mirrors seal the deal.The spa here has a super sexy co-ed Turkish hammam.
1	Stayed at Palms Place for two nights this week.  Hotel is off the strip, but very accessible and not hard to find. Our check in went smoothly and we were pleasantly surprised by the size of the room and the great views of the strip. The following, however, made our stay at Palms Place one that I would not want to repeat again and would not recommend it to any of my friends:- The lights in the main hallway right by the room entrance were not working, which made it hard to open the door and even harder to find a light switch inside the room. It would have been pretty spooky if I was by myself, but I wasn't scared with my husband by my side. Oh well, I thought I will just call the front desk and have them fix it. Called three times during our stay, but nobody came up to check it out and  the light bulbs were not changed.- After walking in the room, we noticed the strange smell. I decided that it is from the cleaners they use and did not pay much attention. However, we noticed later that the cabinets and the kitchen counters were covered in dust! - The mini bar was locked the entire stay. Called the front desk, but my request was completely ignored again.- The next morning I decided to take a bath. Looking for a plug which was nowhere to be found I noticed several pieces of hair on the bottom of the tub. Being the optimist that I am, got some Kleenex and swiped it off. But when the water started to pour, there was more and more hair collecting on top!!!. In shock I called the front desk again and although my complaint was met with apologies from the front desk person, the housekeeper was only send up after I spoke to the manager! And that's all he could offer, a fast housekeeping service, which took about 15 minutes to show up. After the bathroom was cleaned the strange smell I mentioned before has disappeared.- Wrongful charges, mismanaged accounting and rude staff. At the time you reserve a room at Palms Place you credit card is charged for one night of you stay as a deposit for your reservation. It is noted on your reservation that the hotel will hold extra $150.00 on your credit card to cover the incidental charges. What they don't tell you is that it is not a hold, but an actual charge which is later supposed to be  returned!  The additional charge on my credit card was not  $150, but $198, for a reason that the staff could not explain. And my credit card was charged three times more than the balance due on the reservation statement. After calling the accounting department, I was informed that the computer systems were down all this week and that they will not be able to return the wrongful charges for another week. In addition,  my call was met with cold and arrogant attitude which I noticed from most of the staff member while staying there. The manager at the accounting department  yelled at me for asking too many questions and not listening to her, when I was trying to figure out when and why  the money was taken and how it will be refunded. In summation, the hotel staff was unaccommodating, rude and arrogant. The overall vibe  was that they are doing you a favor by letting stay here and you cannot ask for stuff to be fixed or wrongful charges returned.  Terrible experience, which is not over yet. Have to call regarding the charges by the end of next week...
5	Stayed here New Years Eve and loved it! I booked a room at The Palms and asked for a strip view.  The check in guy offered up Palms Place-I was pretty hesitant cause I didn't know if it was the cheaper option "out back".  I was pleasantly surprised!  We had a room on the 53rd floor with an amazing view overlooking the entire strip.  It was so amazing I was a little bummed about missing the fireworks cause we were at the Maroon 5 concert.  It it like the super-posh apartment I wish I owned.  Nice sleek kitchenette complete with: mini-fridge, sink, dishes, stove top, dishwasher, blender, toaster, etc.  2 flat screen TVs, comfortable king size bed.  I've stayed at a lot of Vegas hotels and would highly recommend this one-especially for extended stays since it has the kitchenette.  I looked through the pictures and some don't match what this place looked like-wonder if they are one of the regular Palms rooms.
4	I had the wonderful chance of visiting the suite of Palms Place for a birthday party. And lemme tell ya, the whole place looks sweeeet! Full of modern/sophisticated furniture (except for the random bath tub in the bedroom lol). There's a living room, kitchen with full set silverware, 2 bathroom (1 guest, and one master), and of course, king size bed. Not to mention 2 flat screen cable tv. HBO ftw!One night here is only $200. So if you want a nice, short getaway from the hectic Vegas, this is the place you'll want to stay at.
5	Sooooo.... I rocked out in Vegas for 6 whole days, (last spring)... and I am just now recovering to write this review...   The Palms place was the most awesome Vegas hotel experience that I have had yet.  I have stayed at the Venetian, The Wynn, The Encore, MGM Grand although I'd rather not admit that, and the Mandalay Bay. So to begin my stay I pulled up in my hotel ordered limo transportation that the concierge so kindly set up for me.  I quickly jumped out to take i all the wonderful glory of what was to be my palace for the next 6 days.   Why was I in Vegas so long?  I was meeting some wonderful Hawaiian goodness there, that I had met  a month earlier while rocking out in hawaii for a couple of weeks!  He said he was coming to Vegas, so i said, ok, I'll meet you!So I arrive early for some Vegas partying and Spa time/Shopping time.   I was greeting in the lobby,  immediate help with the bags, they were expecting me , so my room keys were already ready to go, all they needed was my ID and CC and we were set.  I was checked in in less than 5  minutes.   Got up to my sweet studio, AWESOME!!  Wonderful view and cool patio.  Had 3 plasma's.  Two in the main room and 1 in the bathroom. The bed was king sized memory foam, with amazing hypo allergenic linens, even better than my at home 1000 egyptian cotton. The Bathroom was huge  with an amazing soaking tub, and  water fall shower.  I could not wait to get in the shower.  So i got my self naked and had a field day.   Boy was I ever so clean and smelling good... On to the hot shorts and cute shirt... down to the bar. Rojo!  Fabulous!   I got to know the bartenders Erin and Jen very well.   They had a blast and so did I.   Rojo is sleek and open @ 10 am.  Non-smoking and the most interesting characters frequent there, which are the condo owners mostly.   I then went to Simon restaurant.  I had a fab time every time I went there.  The food was very good.  I ate the sushi roll every day I think, and the bartenders were very sweet to me always... even though I was a crazy afro wearing, alone over dressed diva at all times.. lol...but hey I was in vegas.  I hung out by both pools... Very fun on Fridays at the Palms main pool, and if you are looking for an alternative to Rehab, the palms place pool on sunday is sunny, with fun waitresses and a great bar.  I am more of a low key person. so it really makes me happy to know i can lay out with out all the pressure.  Plus at brunch on Sundays the whole staff wears Pajama's.  And whoa, the chicks look great.  On my last day I was at Simon, waiting for my 2'oclock flight, and lo and behold Kerry Simon himself, drops my sushi roll to me.  So Cool.   I am sitting there in my full on Cat suit, with my sunglasses on, drunk and gave him a big hug and told him how much fun i had visiting Simon restaurant.  He said you are amazing and a lot of fun! I laughed with the staff for another hour or so, and they all came behind me to say please please please come back!   I will always stay at the Palms Place.   P.S.  I did visit all the clubs, Moon is my favorite, it reminds me of the end up, but on the roof... It doesn't have the same ridiculously upscale feel as the other vegas clubs... but that's a whole other review... stay tuned...
5	Beautifully appointed room with great views of the strip.  Super-mod shower and bath with frosted glass walls and a TV by the sink. (should I be ashamed that I actually used that TV to watch part of a playoff game?  I guess I already know the answer to that.)  Two large flat panel screens inset into the wall and a kitchenette stocked with real silverware.  The bed was comfy and the service was impeccable.  A great experience all around.This place hits all the high notes and doesn't miss a beat.  Fuck the strip, stay here.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
4	Awesome bed.Awesome customer service.Awesome bathroom.Awesome view.
5	this place is official
4	When I think of Palms Place, I automatically compare it to the Signature MGM.  Both hotels share a chic, exclusive, "I should have been a luxury condo instead of a hotel room" vibe.But unlike Palms Place, the Signature has perfectly working elevators!Yes, I'm serious - our "elevator key fiasco" at Palms Place was horrible enough for me to dock 1 entire point from this review, despite all of Palm's Place's wonderful qualities:- Separate (non-casino) entrance- Quick check-in- sleek room design (though it needs some art prints on the walls)- excellent mattress- kitchenette- well-stocked minibar - great view- nice bathroom (shower with jacuzzi tub)- IPod dockSo why NOT 5 Stars?!?! I'm DOCKING a Point for the "elevator key fiasco," which drove my entire crew batty for 2 full days!:Imagine having to swipe your room card in the elevator every time you want to access a floor other than the lobby (this becomes important when you have friends living on different floors). Now imagine that the room card never works when you swipe it in the elevator, so you always end up either in the lobby or on random floors. When you ask reception for a different room card, it too doesn't work. In fact, judging by the frightened foreign tourists periodically ending up on your floor, no one's room card seems to work. "The elevator key fiasco" makes it very difficult to party with friends staying on different floors. In fact, the extra time spent dealing with the elevators becomes a factor to consider when making plans or dinner reservations.If not for the elevators, Palms Place would be nearly perfect in my book!
5	Palms Place is as swank as it gets without the conservative undertone, like that of Venetian or Wynn. Palms is definitely for the younger crowd, looking for some peace away from the strip yet being only walking distance away from Palms casino and night light. The rooms a very spacious, clean and are decored with chic modern furniture. Unlike many of the vegas hotels, including suites, Palms Place rooms have a kitchen and a balcony! Summer time rates can be pretty steep but winter and spring is moderately priced, although pools and cabanas are closed during this time. Definitely worth the stay.
5	I got an amazing rate of $99 for an astonishingly beautiful room. I'm sure it was due to my mid week short stay but take this hotel if you can get a good rate. I can't stand the strip  and maneuvering through a casino every time I want to change shoes. I will opt for this hotel any time I could afford it. The mac and cheese and charred edamame were Fantastic. Downfalls-You have to pay for the gym and the pool closed at 5pm. I would have paid the $30 SPA FEE but it wasn't a 24 hour pass only good till 9pm same day.
5	I would move in!I hate reviewing this place; because I want to keep it all to myself... but it DOES INDEED deserve a 5 star review!I love the "PALMS PLACE", very different than the Palms, or any other Las Vegas strip hotel.You are in Las Vegas, with everything you want at your fingertips, the parties, the clubs, the show the restaurants and so on... but your room is a little piece of heaven ... with all the amenities you can think of...from TV in the bathroom to IPod doc...The works! !Spacious, very modern decor, balcony, and windows that actually open... AWESOME bath tub, with rain style ceiling shower!The best is the fact that you have a separate entrance, the lobby is relaxing but very well decorated, and you can stop for a drink at Roja on your way out...or your way in... No loud slot machine sounds...The staff is extremely accommodating, attentive and professional.I think this is definitely one for the best value for your $, you can get in as low as 129.00 all the way to the thousands...depends what day of the week and type of room... but even the smallest room is a mini suite/ studio.Going back in June and can't wait!
5	My review is for the top floor penthouse at palms place. wow! I have never been a fan of the regular palms hotel because of their affiliation with Mtv's real world and the whole "this place must be hip because it was on a TV show" vibe that I felt this hotel had relied on for too long. well let me tell you palms place is entirely different. this place is classy, not cheesy at all and not filled with loads of trash and rif raf. I can't imagine anything trumping the view from the top floor balcony! Especially if you are sitting in the jacuzzi, on the top floor balcony with a drink in hand! I have never had more fun in Vegas and have never been more pleasantly surprised with a hotel.  If you have the money and the opportunity to do so, stay here! you will love every minute!
5	This place was fabulous.  It was very modern, had a great view of the other two towers and had easy acess through the sky tube to the casino.  I Ioved having the studio suite.  It has a queen pull out bed and a king size bed.  It could fit four comfortably and five ify ou have one person on the L-shaped couch.  The bathroom was cook with a regular shower head and an overhead shower head that was right next to the two person jet bath tub.  the jet tub was a great place for my friends and I to soak our feet in after a night of partying.  It has a stocked fridge, and another fridge that has an ice box.  It had a dishwasher, two burner stove and a sink.  It was great and I would defintely stay there again
5	I am in LOVE with this place.  We were able to book a cheap room for Valentine's Day here & I was amazed.  This is def my favorite hotel ! The suites are so exquisite with contemporary decor.  When I first walked in I was just in awe, you almost do not have to leave your room unless you wanna club or gamble.  In our suite, we were greeted with a little kitchen with fridge, stove, cookware and utensils.  Took a look into the bathroom and there is a lil jacuzzi and a shower with the faucet from the roof.  There was also a queen sized bed that was SO COMFORTABLE.  The living room set was also amazing which leads onto the balcony.  I wish the balcony had a chair or something but who cares.  I also forgot there were TWO flat screen TVs in our room & a little one in the bathroom.  I am in love and I will be coming back for sure! It's also a good place for those who like to avoid crazy drunks.  If you do want to gamble, they make it very convenient where there's a walk way but its moving for you.  All you have to do is stand if you're lazy hahaha. AWESOME!!
1	The place itself is absolutely gorgeous but the heinous and terrible customer service we received totally obliterated our enjoyment of the hotel suites we rented.My maid of honor booked 2 connecting penthouse suites for my bachelorette party a couple of months ago and all my girls flew in from various points to have a great weekend in a fabulous place. The first issue we had was with access to the second suite - none of our key cards were working on the door so they sent a repair dude up to fix it and gave us new cards that worked. So far so good... Friday night was a blast! Got back late, tried to get in the 2nd suite and apparently the key cards stopped working again while we were out. Four of us were locked out of the room for THIRTY minutes waiting for someone to come back up and fix the door again. Door fixed, entry gained, we ordered junky food from room service and passed out in the wee hours.We all rose from the dead on Saturday morning, went out to get breakfast, hung out at the pool, etc. Everything was going swimmingly until...When we came back later that afternoon, we found that the rooms hadn't been serviced yet.  We still had last night's room service cart, overflowing garbage cans and a pile of used towels that needed to be replaced -- no biggie... so we called the front desk asking for new towels and someone to empty garbage cans and they offered to come and service the rooms right then. We were like, great! Two hours later we were still waiting for towels to make sure all 9 of us girls could get showered and pretty before heading out to dinner so we called down again. No show for another 30 minutes. Call down *again*. Twenty minutes later housekeeping came and left towels in the space connecting the two suites and left the garbage cans and everything else as is but we were pressed for time now so we said screw it, got ready and left for dinner.A few hours later we returned to the rooms and AGAIN the key cards are NOT working for the second suite. Call down, ask for help and another 30 minutes later a guy comes to let us in and says it's best to just "leave the door open just in case". We were like... "Um, okay. Whatever."So we're in various stages of disco napping, hair/makeup refreshing and pre-loading on drinks, getting ready to head out to the club when we realized we had run out of toilet paper! We call the front desk, explain that they had offered to send someone up to service the rooms and all we got were towels (leaving the dirty ones piled up next to where they dumped the clean ones on the floor in the entry way!), the garbage cans were still full and now we had no toilet paper. They promised to send someone up. Another hour of waiting and still no show. Called back down this time to complain to the manager and got THE MOST BITCHY, UNHELPFUL, ARROGANT and SNOTTY woman on the phone who said that she wasn't going to do anything to resolve the situation (not even a token make-good gesture, like take something off the bill, offer a bottle of champagne, nothing...) and that "someone will be up with toilet paper *if they have time*". I'm like "When you have time???!!? Have you ever had to wait for toilet paper and have someone tell you they'd bring you some *if they had time*??" Especially if you were paying thousands of dollars to stay in a room with no toilet paper or clean towels in the bathrooms in the first place? I mean, honestly, the ugly argument that ensued on the phone with this bitch at the front desk wouldn't have escalated even remotely close to what it did if she had just said something like "Oh! I'm so sorry! Let me bring some toilet paper to you right now because it will ONLY TAKE FIVE MINUTES AND THAT'S WHAT I GET A PAYCHECK TO DO HERE."I will NEVER stay here again nor will I recommend it to anyone else. A word to management at Palms Place: All it takes is ONE bad employee delivering ONE instance of HORRIBLE customer experience to turn your guest's positive impression into a nightmare that reflects on your brand and make them want to boycott your hotel for the rest of her life. And the biggest shame is, I'm pretty sure they could give a sh*t what I think. The bitch at the front desk made that ABUNDANTLY clear when I asked (unsuccessfully) for her manager, Stanley, I think? (who was at home and unreachable until she "didn't know when"). Hate this place. Just typing this up made me mad all over again.
1	Although I wanted to stay here I never ended up staying due to the reservations department.  The front page of their website prominently lists multiple package promotions.  After unsuccessfully trying to book the promotion from the website I called the reservation phone number.  The lady on the phone told me that all of the packages showed no availability on any day of any month so she would override it for me in the system.  I wasn't sure what package I wanted to I told her I would call back.  When I called back I got a different person on the phone and she refused to give me the package price.  I asked to speak with the supervisor and when I was connected to Enrique he told me I should have booked with the first agent and refused to give me the package price even though it continues to be advertised on the front page of the website.  I feel this is not only bad customer service but also bait-and-switch as they actively advertise packages that they have no intention o giving you.
5	I would rate this about 4.5-4.8. My friends and I booked a 1 bedroom suite from 7/6-7/10. The master bathroom is huge -- has a dual shower head and an overhead rain shower. The bed is very big and comfortable. There is also a pull out couch and another small seat if you have visitors who wish to crash. We had a corner room and had 1 balcony for the master bedroom and 1 for the living room. The mini bar comes well stocked, but we did not bother to touch it. The room comes with general kitchen amenities (plates, glasses, blender, toaster, silverware) and has a small dishwasher and washer/dryer combo. There is also a stove and pans if you wish to cook. There were 3 TVs -- 1 in the living room, 1 in the bedroom, and 1 in the master bathroom. The master bedroom is divided by sliding doors and I would hope you don't expect privacy from the living room. There is also a 1/2 bath by the front door, ample closet space, and a safe. The only bad thing about the place is that the lighting is dim at night. During the day there are plenty of windows to bring in natural light. This place is great if you want to be in near the action, but not overwhelmed by it. There is an indoor walkway with moving sidewalks to take you to the main Palms with casino. Also, a cab ride to the strip is relatively inexpensive, especially if you have a full cab of riders. The actually casino is small for Vegas, but definitely better than some. It is not as nice as the Venetian or Bellagio, but is way better than Harrah's or Flamingo. If you like to play poker and do not feel like cabbing it to the strip every time, then the Palms casino will not work for you. The card room is a joke. Finally -- from your room you get one of the best views of Vegas as you can see the entire strip. Also, it does not hurt to have one of the better clubs in Vegas (Moon Bar) a stone's throw away. Great value hotel.
4	A few days after I wrote my last review they updated the prices on the website.  I am quite convinced it was due to me.  I decided to go ahead and book the reservation.  I was please with the hotel and service while I was there.  The modern decor of the hotel was well done both in the rooms and throughout the hotel.  We were able to get into the Spa and GhostBar with our friends for no charge which was nice.  I think we might have even been able to get some VIP perks at GhostBar but I forgot to ask the concierge before we left.  The pool was nice and not overly crowded on Sunday or Monday.  They let us check in a little early.  It was the best design hotel I could find in Vegas.  I would stay again.  If you are interested in a 1 bedroom suite I would recommend checking out the vacation rental places online because they seemed to be a good deal.
5	We got the room fairly cheap, about 150 a night.  There were 6 of us in the suite which was okay because the place was very spacious. The rooms are beautifully decorated with a pretty modern theme. The view we had was looking out at the Palm's Casino and it was gorgeous! I loved that it had a kitchenette! We brought our own liquor and food which made the cost of the trip waaaaay down. They even had a pitcher, blender, wine glasses, dishwasher, wine opener...pretty much everything you needed to have a good time! The bathroom is simply amazing! with a waterfall type fall from the ceiling and a removable spout thing, plus a jacuzzi!. After a night of partying we came back to the hotel and made some burgers for fries for some good home made drunk food. We usually stay at one of the cheaper hotels on the strip but I would say paying a little extra for this place is definitely worth it since you can make up the difference in your own food/drinks!
4	I've stayed here twice and I really like it! Got the studio both times - it is BIG. Very comfortable bed, stylish decor, and I LOVED the jacuzzi in the room. Best hang over recovery!! I also liked the fact that there is no casino downstairs and the lobby is quiet and low key. One of the perks of staying here is that you can get in to the Ghost bar for free and skip the line! Cool place to hang out. One downside is that it is pretty far away from everything.. so I feel like we spent (wasted) a lot of time going to places... Also the customer service was just average, nothing bad, but nothing spectacular or friendly.
4	I went here for a formals after party back in May and first thought when I walked into the room was BALLLLLIIIN'! We were on one of the top floors so it was a pretty big penthouse suite. I can't remember how many rooms there were exactly, maybe about 4 or so. 3 bathrooms and a HUGE shower, there was a tub in one of the rooms which was kinda cool. The place was decked out with kitchen, living room, and all that good stuff. There was also a jacuzzi out on the balcony overlooking the entire Vegas scene! SAY WHAT!? Yup, like I said it was BALLLINN'Only thing I wasn't digging was the white carpets, seriously let's get real here you know you're gonna rent this place out to party people and someone is bound to get sloppy and spill their drink, you really think white is the greatest color for the carpet? But I guess that's where they get you with the extra charges for cleaning that crap up.
3	Rooms are a bit dirty...the views of the strip are amazing!!
4	When I first entered the lobby area, I thought this place was amazing! Very nicely decorated and modernized. Our first stay was in the suites. Personally, I thought the place was much too big as I couldn't find my boyfriend since he was in another room. There was the living room with the TV, L-shaped couch and single chairs on the side. Next to that was a desk for all your office work. Then there was a dining room slash kitchen area - full kitchen with a large fridge/freezer combination. And of course one and a half bathrooms - the shower having three shower heads, one above and two on the sides - along with a makeup counter right outside of it. The bedroom had the most comfortable bed in the world and a random jacuzzi tub right in front of the balcony. Not to mention the balcony extending all the way around the suite! The whole suite was also a square shape where you were able to close/portion off the areas outside the bedroom.The studio was more for me. It was one long room with a small kitchen, a bedroom, a sectioned off living area and a bathroom. Very close in proximity but still with everything that I needed.
3	Rooms were a bit dirty. Were given a new clean room and bill was adjusted..awesome views of the strip especially as the sun rises!
5	So this is how you master jaw-dropping, hip and classy contemporary decor. For $189 last Saturday, the rate was among the lower costs of 4-5 star hotels in Vegas. This hotel is definitely a must-stay if you cannot afford the executive suite at the Wynn/Bellagio but don't want to be stuck in their deluxe rooms. Their spacious 600 sq ft studio includes: kitchenettewashing machine/dryerjacuzzi tubking size bed with pillow topqueen size pull-out bed from couch2 X 42" plasma TVsa balcony you can walk out to feel the warm breeze of vegas summer nights.They even provided a loofah! Luxurious bathrobestv in bathroomsewing kit & vanity kitcool contemporary furnituressleek white marbled bathroomParking was a little far, but there's valet. Which I'm not sure if it's free. I also got a chance to dip in the pool for an hour before they closed at 5pm. It was freezing though for some reason. Super windy. They had a bunch of multicoloured lounge chairs on the pool, but in general it was just rectangular and relatively small. Nothing really special.Room service to bring extra blankets and toothbrush took a little longer than expected. Maybe like 30 minutes? You can walk to the casino at palms, it is perhaps a 10 minute walk which isn't too bad, but not exactly the most convenient. ***Tip: Park right when you enter the parking garage, that's the closest walk. Favourites: Decor, lots of amentitiesDo not want: Off the strip. No casinoLast words: Great value for a beautifully sleek studio/room
4	This place certainly has the WOW factor once you enter the room. The place offered two bedrooms, one of which had a king bed and the other was two queens. The layout is really outside the box. Having a tub in the living room was quite unique. The kitchen is laced with stainless steel appliances. I really liked how the showers had the water coming from the ceiling.  What was a trip was how windy it was. Being near the top floor with 30-40mph gusts makes you feel a bit uneasy.  It was definitely the most impressive room I've stayed at during my adventures in Vegas. Anything less is a disappointment. It is a steal considering the rates offered here at times.The only knock on the Place is the location off the strip.
4	I went to Vegas last weekend for my buddy's Bachelor party, and the 13 people in our group crashed in 3 rooms at the Palms Place.  I'm used to staying on the strip in cheap places like Casino Royale, Harrahs, Imperial Palace etc, but I have also stayed in MGM, Caesar's suites, Excalibur, and other places before.  Palms Place is off strip just a little further West of the main Palms casino (they are connected by a Skytube hallway with people-movers).  It is strictly a hotel with a couple restaurants and a small bar, but that's it.  No gambling. Just rooms.But the rooms are NICE.  They are very modern and trendy with lots of amenities.  For example, there is a full kitchen (fridge, stove, microwave, oven) with steel appliances.  There are shelves for cutlery and glasses.  It reminded me of Marriott timeshares I have stayed that are essentially suites.  There are marble counter tops, a really nice king bed, a couch with a pull-out bed, two (right next to each other) HDTVs, nice dark wood furniture, trendy Ikea-style lamps, lots of closets, and a really nice bathroom.The shower has a glass door and there is an opaque partial separator between the sink/shower area and the toilet (that was kind of weird).  But the shower had two faucets.  One on the ceiling making it rain (:p), and the other a mounted hand-held shower-head.  There was an attached whirlpool jacuzzi bath that was marble lined and very nice looking.  There was even a 15" LCD right next to the magnifying mirror by the sink.I am not sure how much rooms cost here, but they were certainly very nice and comfortable.  Classy and techy.  It's not cheap like my usuals, but I'd consider staying here again for a romantic getaway with my wife or something to that effect.  However, I wouldn't try to house more than 3 people in the room because there really isn't that much comfort available beyond that number.The maid service was very kind and polite.  We got all we needed.  The room service food was very good (got the pizza, hot wings, each of the sandwiches, and steak nachos) though a bit high priced.  Be warned, they often close the restaurants early on non-peak days without notice.  Learned that the hard way.Summary: Modern, trendy, stylish, comfortable (for up to 3 people).  Great service.  Probably a little high priced (I think the rooms were around $200 a night, but I can't confirm yet).  Would come back again for a romantic getaway or something to that effect.
4	Stayed here Sunday, Sept 5This hotel rocked my socks.  Upon entering, the words popping into my head were "sleek, modern, and hip" -- I recall a lot of metallic gray, sorta like Aria, except more dimly lit.I had booked a junior suite for about $160 I believe it was.  I had booked it last minute, after we had gotten tickets to both the Palms Pool party (with Gareth Emery headlining) and Rain nightclub that night (with Benny Benassi headlining).  I figured it would be ideal to have a room on the property, so we could stumble back quicker.The frontdesk asked if I needed passes to the pool club, and I was blown away.  I had already paid for pool passes, and was unaware that hotel guests would be hooked up.  I told her there were 8 of us, and she gave me 8!Our room was on the 50th floor, facing west.  From looking at pictures online prior to visiting, I was already stoked.  Plus, I was pretty disappointed with MGM's Signature, where we stayed the night before.  So, I had high expectations for Palms Place.The room is very spacious, and looked ultra-modern.  I loved the bathroom, though it only had one sink.  There was a rainfall shower though, which is connected to the jacuzzi tub,.  There is a frosted glass window separating the bathroom from the bedroom... which I thought woulda been cooler if it was a bit more translucent so you could see more than just silhouettes.  The bed was very comfy.  The couches were too.  And there was a large TV in front of both the couches, and the bed, so you could watch 2 things at once.  And, I loved the balcony.  Before this visit, I thought I might only enjoy views of the strip, where life was bustling below.  But I really enjoyed the sun setting over the mountains in the distance, and the yellow city lights below.  It was a nice, serene place to be recovering after the pool party, and before the club.I also remember the Aveda mint hair shampoo... it was a refreshing.The Palms Place is connected to the Palms Casino via a walkway accessed through the 2nd floor.  It looked like there were a few chic restaurants at Palms Place too, but I didn't get a chance to try em this trip.  The Palms Pool club party was the highlight of this trip, and if I were a girl, I'd want Gareth Emery's babies.I'd come back to stay here in an instant.  The gas stations nearby are also far enough from the strip to offer decently low prices, so make sure you remember to fill up on your way out of town.  If I'm gonna be partying at Rain, or the Palms pool, I'll be coming back.  If not (eg to hit up XS), I'd opt to stay on the strip so the taxi ride back isn't so long.
4	Stayed here in the month of May. I have to say I was impressed with this place. In my previous trip to Vegas, I stayed at the Palms. That experience was ok. The difference between the Palms and Palms Place is different but in a good way. You have a separate entrance into Palms Place. First thing you notice is the smell of cigarettes does not hit you. There is not a hint of cigarette smell in the lobby. Finding a hotel in Vegas without the smell of cigarettes? Who would have thought such a place existed. Check in was quick and the staff was extremely courteous. The suite itself was great. Stayed in the Studio Suite and it was more than expected. Had a kitchen, king size bed and couch with a pull out queen size bed. Also has two 42" plasmas. Think I lucked out and got a great view of the strip. The bathroom was very nice. I did find it strange that you walked into the shower and the tub was next to the shower. Water pressure was good and the water warmed up quickly. The Palms Place is connected with the Palms via a sky tube with people movers. It took forever to hit the casino floor but I guess that is the price you pay for nice amenities. I would definitely stay here again.
4	If you want a Vegas "cool" experience - this is the place. Dimly lit lobby so as not to hurt the hungover patrons. Big rooms with flat screens, fridges, microwaves, and ample work space. ...Big tubs. If you are tall - they have shower heads that are about 15 feet in the air. ...Balcony rooms are great! ...And my pool experience at Palms Place was better than most. A little more laid back. Music played was of the "chill" variety in a dance-style. I would highly recommend to go on a Monday or Tuesday in Summer just for the exclusive feel of the pool. It is not crowded like others I've stayed at.
4	Probably the coolest resort in town.And I like their pool.
5	Very nice tower at the Palms. I was there for business and they upgraded my room to a 1 bedroom suite. I was only staying one night so I didn't need it but it was pretty awesome. The room is huge with a fireplace and tub looking out over the balcony. The view of the strip is amazing. When you look at the view it makes total sense why they built off the strip. It was amazing. The room was spacious and you could tell they were originally condos because there is tons of closet space. My favorite part of the whole room was the shower. I got in my room at 6:30PM then after dinner came back up at 10:00PM and was out to go to work and fly home by 6:30AM the next day. So not much time in the room but the shower was heaven. The rain shower from above had the perfect amount of pressure and they gave you a loofa and the shampoo and conditioner is Aveda. High quality. I had a comped breakfast buffet as well but they didn't open until 8AM which meant no breakfast for me because I was already at work. I want to stay here again every week I am out here. Only issue is that from the main palms towers the walk is crazy long. If I was partying and drunk I have no idea how I would make it back to the room at palms place. That's all I am saying. Great place.
2	Great atmosphere, fun cocktails, but as far as the food goes I have had much better. Dinner for 4 with one cocktail a piece $250. Two dishes sent back looked and tasted like tar (stay away from the shortribs). The flat bread pizzas were not bad but they wetre not good either.If I went back I would stick to the drinks and head straight for dessert it was the best part of our entire meal!
5	With its clean modern lines, brushed stainless steel kitchen, multiple flat screens and skyscraping views of the other Palms towers and the City Center-transformed Strip, Palms Place offers some of the nicest one-bedroom suites in town. If you're looking to buy an in-resort off-Strip condo with ample closet space, give it a serious look.
1	BEWARE!!! The Room Service WILL STEAL YOUR BELONGINGS!Long story short, MY LAPTOP WAS STOLEN FROM MY ROOM!!Submitted a report with the hotel security (who were very rude and unprofessional) and had to call them to check on the status of this investigation.After many calls from myself (the lady working there has no clue what she is doing and for some odd reason refuses to check back with their clients, very unprofessional) I was told that they will not be held liable for the loss.The actually accused me of hiding the laptop and taking it with me!! I couldn't believe what I was hearing.I have actual proof that the laptop was stolen and is currently still in Vegas!I have filed a Police Report and a BBB Complaint. I can't believe that a place that strives to offer the best customer service and the best security did not provide either of these comforts for my trip. We have stayed at the Encore, the Wynn and many high end hotels on the strip and never had to deal with anything like this.Also, my car in the parking structure was also vandalized and an item was stolen, unbelievable!Please AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COST! They will literally steal your stuff, take your money, and look the other way and not be held liable for anything.Worse Hotel experience of my life.
2	Okay-maybe i stayed in the old tower because all the pictures on here do not look like the place I stayed at.  I'm reading these reviews and I see i should have asked to stay in the newer part of the hotel.  Maybe they reserve the crap rooms for people that use the travel sites (like me).I reserved via Expedia and pre-paid, i was asked upon checking in if i wanted to upgrade to a junior suite for an extra $25 a night.  I thought it was a fantastic deal so did it.  I just got home and checked my credit card statement and found out it wasn't a great deal, the Palms charged me the base cost (which i already paid) plus the upgrade fee.  They are in the process of refunding the $200.I got to my "non-smoking" room and it stunk.  The room was really dated and the television was just like my tv from college that i just got rid of. Old style big clunky television that was all static.  My white comforter had a suspicious blue stain all over it...  I will say the bathroom was decent-except for the leaky shower head.The entire old tower stinks like smoke and rattles all night because of the clubs, i was on the tenth floor and woke up at four and the tower was shaking from the music (i had been at another club drinking all night, so it must have been loud to wake me out of that alcohol sleep).The food court that is located in the casino is decent and there is a movie theater that i wanted to check out.  The casino is way off the strip, so it's about $10-15 for a cab.I ended up mooching off my friends and staying in their fancy room at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay, which was not stinky and where I will be staying next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Chic, clean, and comfortable. The rooms are top notch, not ridiculously priced, AND you avoid all of the smoke and nastiness of having a casino going at all hours downstairs.Only gripe is the distance it is from everything, but honestly the quality makes up for that minor inconvenience.It really offers a great respite from the rest of the strip. And once again, the rooms (or studios? as I think they're called?) are fantastic!
5	A great place for Video Poker.  The food was also very affordable and also spent time watching a movie at the complex.  It's a nice change of pace from the strip.
4	I stayed here in October and I won't stay anywhere else in Vegas since I have found this place through a broker.My broker cut rate the price, so I was able to stay in a one bedroom suite for the price of what I would have normally paid for a regular room. Holler at me if you need a hookup. These people were GREAT finding me a room last minute.I don't have to go through a casino or other BS of staying in a conventional strip hotel. The registration was FAST, the guy the counter was HOT and flirted with me. He hooked me up with a corner suite and it had the BEST VIEW of the strip, ever! This was DEFINITELY the place for me. From beginning to end. The room was nicely decorated. And for the most part, modern and clean. There was a washer/dryer in case I needed to wash, and an in-room tub right in the living area to compliment the strip view. Then there was a fireplace in the living room... YEAH I HAD FUN ON THE RUG BENEATH IT. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas!The only reason I did not give this hotel 5 stars is because of  few reasons (not major but things you should still know):1) IT IS SUUUUUUPER NOISY! LOL I went to go smoke my medical off the balcony and the people below me were having a party (FULL ON WITH ABOUT 20-30 people hanging off of both balconies). These hoes below kept screaming "HEY HOMIE, PASS THAT DOWN". Thank God they were not above me or they would have totally killed my vibe. I shut the glass door and thankfully that sealed MOST of the noise out!2) The ice machine in the fridge was broken LOL I had a full bar going in my room (for myself and my guest) and I got ice from the next door neighbors.3) Because it is a YOUNG, PARTY CROWD staying here, THEY TORE THIS ROOM UP! The couches were frayed (I think there was a stain on it too), the rug was TORE UP to a degree, the wood was ALL SCUFFED UP ALL OVER THE PLACE. The tub in the living room was all stained (LOL). I could tell these rooms get tore up from time to time, but I will still be staying here for location and value.Overall, if you are on a budget but still want a nice swanky room to entertain (maybe), this is the place! If you want peace and quiet. THIS IS NOT THE PLACE FOR YOU. If you wanna do vegas right, this is a good party hotel and a great location to crash.
5	So our crew decided to do it big for new years.  A suite for new years eve, and the penthouse for new years day.  So if you don't know, the Palms is located off the strip. What it lacks in location it certainly makes up for in nighttime views.The suite was equipped with two bedrooms, two king sized beds, bar, pool table, dj booth, 5 flat screen TV's and my personal favorite, the "now you see me, now you don't" shower.  The shower was in plain view from the living room and bar equipped with: 1. A switch that fogged up the shower so you couldn't see in 2. A switch to make the glass transparent for everyone to see the any hanky panky.  We put that to good use ;-)The penthouse was epic.  With 2,000 square feet of luxury living, private rooftop glass Jacuzzi, 2 and half bedrooms, living room, kitchen, dining room and just about a plasma tv around every corner, new years was kicked off right.There is only 1 restaurant/ buffet at Palms place, but the Palms hotel is just a short 5 minute walk away and is fully stocked with luxury 5 star dining, clubs, and casino.  The crowd is primarily younger and as expected with any playboy affiliated/sponsored venue.  I have no clue how we can possibly top this trip, but you can bet we're gonna try.
5	This is my favorite place to stay when I'm in Vegas. I've only stayed in the 1 Bedroom suite and it was amazing. I got a corner room so I had a strip view and a view of the snow covered mountains as well. The layout of the suite is great, with a large, fully functional kitchen. Everything about the suite just screams WOW. Cant recommend staying here enough.
4	I cannot say enough great things about this hotel. It's off the strip, so the atmosphere is mellow, which is nice, considering that the rest of Las Vegas is crazy. There is no casino in the hotel but it is connected to the Palms so you can ride the People Mover over there for your gambling and free drink needs. The staff was wonderful and very accommodating. The hotel restaurant, Simon, served some of the best sushi I have ever had (I used to work in a sushi bar, so I know good sushi). The pool was great and they have cabanas you can rent for the day. There is also bar service out by the pool and the waiters will serve you right at your lounge chair so you will not be interrupted as you stretch out and relax. I don't think I would want to stay at any other hotel in Las Vegas. Palms Place all the way.
5	Super Bowl Sunday . . . 38th Floor . . . Killer View . . . Much Wine, Champagne and the like. Everything about this place was perfect!!!    I was invited to the party by a fan of my band. It was his Birthday / SBS party. He had asked me to come play an acoustic set. I played a set and then discovered the acoustics in the shower, and upon further investigation I discovered that this shower was equipped with 3 shower heads (two arranged across from one another) and the one I used, which was one of those huge ones that allow the water to fall like a heavy rain. =D. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Yeah!  Numerous times throughout the evening when I had disappeared into the shower to sing and enjoy the water raining down on me, and the expensive sundries, loofah and body oils.(for like 20-30 min at a time) I heard the voice of the host through the door "more people have arrived can you play another set"It's gonna be another 15 to 20 min But Yes I Will AFTER I'M DONE. LMAO
2	If you are looking for a really bad service experience or like to walk several miles a day getting from your room to the casino and back, this is the ideal place for you. The casino is just ok, the buffet gets a 7. What is spectacular is the night life and the rooms (specifically the bathtub-shower combo). In general too expensive and a bad experience
4	I came here for a weekend out with one of my girlfriends.  We chose Palms Place because we wanted to avoid some of the drunken and rowdy crowd you will see at the Palms.  Service here was awesome.  The bellhop who helped us remembered our names not just the day we checked in, but during our entire stay.  We had a studio suite, and I remember walking in and thinking "wow, I would want to live here".  It had a mini kitchen (not really used except to chill our alcohol), as well as a seating area where we could relax.  We had a nice view of the strip, too.We decided to hit the pool at the Palms, and that was a bit of a walk.  Our desire to avoid some of the madness meant we had a 10 minute walk to get from Palms Place to the Palms itself.  Not too bad when you're wearing flip flops, but quite another thing when you're dressed and ready to go out.  Overall, I would definitely recommend staying here to anybody who is interested in staying off the strip.  There are lots of young, hot people hanging around by the pool and in the casino itself, so you don't even need to head over the strip itself if you dont want to.
4	Stayed here a couple of times in the past 3 years. In the junior suite with a friend. Imagine walking into a room on the 52nd floor after a long drive from the Grand Canyon, exhausted, and then a chic little Swedish-minimalism-inspired studio apartment with somewhat-see-through lighting fixtures, miniature sized chairs and a very sumptuous bathroom area with jetted hot tubs gazes back at you with glassy, seductive eyes. The bed is SOMETHING. ELSE. You will feel like you're being cradled in the down of some cushy pillow in a Moorish castle. Comfy bedspread, soft, yadda yadda. Oh, and you have an iPod dock next to your alarm clock.It's indeed a long walk to the hotel through the corridors adorned with rock stars and guitars on the wall. The casino itself is fairly small sized, but has a clean, stream-lined look to it. I've been in the Playboy club on a post-Christmas Thursday night and had fun taking in the rooftop view of the strip. Oh yea, I forgot to say: it's not on the strip. But that's ok, there are enough things going on, and plenty of attractive people about.Free valet just like the rest of Vegas. You'll love this place. Jr. Suite 1 year ago was a mere $110. Awesome.
4	Speaking of Palms being nice depending on where you book, this is again one of those weird here's our more luxurious tower deals that Vegas hotels tend to have. Except for the Palms, this makes a huge difference. The rooms here are significant cheaper than on the strip and yet just as nice or even nicer than what you can get in a comparable room for FAR less the price. If I weren't so stuck on the strip (since this is further off strip), I would book here every time because it's so worth your money.It's a little walks away from the Palms casino, but the Ghost bar is worth checking out and it's really a great spot for someone who wants to relax off strip in a nice property without paying an arm and a leg and a short cab ride to the strip for clubbing or other purposes.
5	Booked the Studio Suite for President's Day weekend through hotels.com and got an awesome deal.I used to work in the hospitality industry for a resort, so I must say that I am a bit judgey when it comes to hotels and hotel service.That being said, I loved the Palms Place.  Upon arrival you are greeted by a friendly, helpful, and incredibly good-looking staff.  Check-in was a breeze with upgrades galore-- including free drinks at the bar, a complimentary spa treatment, complimentary access to the Playboy Club and Fitness Center, and VIP into Surrender and RAIN.The room was clean, contemporary, beautiful.  2 TVs, plush king-size bed, extra pullout (the more, the merrier, right?),  and the most wonderful amenity of all-- a kitchenette!  Mini-stove?  Holler. I also like that the hotel is just an extension of The Palms, so there's no mile-long walk through a casino to get to the elevator to get to your room, which is just no fun after a night of clubbing it up.Perfect for a hip place to stay off The Strip!
5	My boyfriend & I went to Vegas for New Year's. We stayed at the Palms Place for 5 days on the 50th something floor. The room? Wow, Amazing. My jaw dropped, literally. I felt like a Queen. The View? Beautiful. Its like I had the whole Vegas Strip on my hands lol. Nightlife at the Palms? Better than anywhere else! My boyfriend purchased wristbands (not expensive at all)  which includes VIP entrance to all 4 clubs, including the Playboy Club. LMFAO performed the night we partied at Rain, how exciting was that! I had an incredible time I say :) Unforgettable.
5	Best hotel I've stayed in Vegas so far. We got a studio suite which was AMAZING!!! stocked kitchen, 3 TV's, living area with a pull out bed, jacuzzi tub, etc etc! I could go on forever. Fitness center was perfect. Tanning was amazing. And food at the Simon restaurant was exceptional. I LOVE the Palms Place. I won't stay anywhere else from now on. EVER!
2	Palms Place is a perfect place for those who do not want to overspend on their hotels, but still want a modern, chic interior. This makes Palms Place a popular place for college students or younger group of people. That means more party, more noise, and more drunk ass people going loco in their hotel room and in the hallway, which inevitably transfers into your room. When I saw the pictures online and the reviews, it was too good to be true for the price. $200 for a One bed room suite, 1200 sq. feet? The only downside was that it is located off the Strip, but it wasn't even that far, so I assumed that this will be a great deal. But, that wasn't the only downside. I discovered many upon my arrival. The concierge and the entire hotel staff was unfriendly, in comparison to all the other resorts and hotels in Las Vegas. The lady who checked us in was so unfriendly it got to be a point where she got mad at me for asking if there are any higher up suites (I thought she was gonna beat my ass). Her and her colleagues uniformly were unhappy to be working as they spoke in a monotone with the facial expression equivalent to the guy who just got all-ined and lost at the high limit poker. They looked like they needed a day off. Or may be the whole year off. I got off the elevator, which was packed with bunch of reckless college kids, who were f-ing the heck out of their lungs and got off the floor. As we walked to our room, we saw the scratched walls, which seemed scraped and damaged. It was pretty much the same until we reached our suite on the end of the hall. When we reached our door, we saw several dents and small damages on the door and sensed that this room must have been partied out before came. When we walked into the door, the room smelled a bit strange. It was a mixture of strange smell that has been covered by heavy usage of air sprays. We walked around and saw a considerable amount of dust in the corners of the room and on the tables. I came to the conclusion that the room hasn't been thoroughly cleaned. The wooden floors squeaked every time I walked over and the TV in the living room wasn't functioning. Two light stands didn't turn on and the closets fumed dust when I opened them. The shower doors are so amazingly designed that after I took a shower, the entire room was flooded with water and I came to find that the plastic seal that was supposed to seal the water from going out has been lifted. I can only assume that this fixation has been done by man force.The highlight of our stay came when our doors were knocked with power slams and loud noises from outside that irritated us with maximum impact. During the entire stay, we could not find any (NOT ONE) friendly hotel workers. I had to wait and get my own taxi multiple times, and I had to correct the hotel staff who overcharged me by 30 dollars only to get by without any apology.  But then again, I get what I pay for right? At least, I got a big room with one working TV and the other one just for looks. If you are looking for a hotel without a casino, I highly suggest Vdara. And if you are looking for a less expensive choice, there are far better options for you to choose from, such as Mandalay Bay, and TheHotel, then Palms Place. If you care about service and the crowd and are sensitive to such issues, you will have to consider your options.
5	Stayed here for the 1st time last weekend. I usually stay at Venetian. Beautiful suites, beautiful people staying there, good service( not great) and the views at Simon restaurant as well as the food is breathtaking. Quick 90 secs to get to Palms for all the action. Well equipped, no RESORT FEES! Bathroom is insane!, huge jacuzzi tubs, waterfall shower etc...I would stay here again for sure. I was impressed. My only complaint is the service at Simon is OK and tood ark to read your bill and too dark for the waitress to know how much $$ you gave her. Never came back with change, took forever and obviously thought the $100 we put in there was a $50 maybe...Simon is hands down on of the best restaurants in Vegas.. We also got passes to the spa for free and free breakfast and free passes to Ghostbar etcc.. and did I say NO RESORT FEES :)
5	The Palms upgraded us to a new renovated suite. It was a hotel room for a Rockstar! It has a very modern and seductive feel. Our room had marble floors and velvet carpet. Very sexxxy!
1	This review is really for Palms Place, not the condos. But overall I wouldnt be in the condos after my experience.  Suite looks great... but then the TV speaker was broken, cable didnt work well for 2 days during March Madness... bathroom not clean, fridge and stove dirty, bathroom door broken... and the straw that breaks the camels back? WE RAN OUT OF BLANKETS SORRY. Get the hell out of here. What kind of hotel is this? I dont care if you are booked up, you have enough blankets towels pillows WHATEVER for your guests. Will NEVER stay at the palms again.
4	I can't even begin to tell you how pimp this hotel is. Really. I recall standing in the living room staring out the 30th or so floor, taking in the strip, wandering what to do next.Maybe I'd cook some food in our stainless steel kitchen.Lounge on the couch perhaps, looking out to the patio and on to the night's sky.A soak in the ultra deep bath tub sounds dope, or a rinse in the shower with water pouring from the ceiling.Maybe head downstairs to the small, sultry lounge for a cocktail or two.My lady likes to do birthdays real big, hence the suite. Happy b-day to me! The only thing dropping it a star is location, part of Vegas for me is drunken stumbling about all over the place so I inherently have a small prejudice against hotels notably off the strip. Not to say Palms Place is way out in the desert or anything like that, but you'd be surprised at the trek you're in for if you get to walking, thinking LV Blvd is right up the block.But we had our car so it wasn't killer, and like I said this place is sexy. Modern furniture and design, totally fit to my style.Love me some Vegas.
1	I love staying at the Palms because you can have a great Vegas experience without having to leave your hotel/casino. All the party people come to you. Unfortunately, the hotel doesn't give a cuss about keeping customers. When we got our room there was BLOOD on the sheets. When we reported this to management, they bounced us to another room, then an hour or so later, said that they had to move us from that room to ANOTHER room. No upgrade. Huge hassle. Then they told us they were going to give us a $30 tab at their overpriced restaurant. No comp. No discount off the room. After 4 hours of deliberating with the front desk, we managed to squeeze out a measly $50 discount on the room. BLOOD on the sheets.... Jeeeeez
4	Summary: I like this place.  Wasn't perfect (see below) but for the money it was a very good stay.  As long as you don't mind not being able to walk to the strip, this is an excellent choice.Pluses:* great room.  I mean great; big, nice mini-kitchen awesome bathroom.  Excellent view of the strip.  I only paid $97/night (no conventions in town that week, though.  It's usually higher).* Work sends me here (and my job takes me to the other side of town), so the fact this isn't on the strip in my case is a plus.  I just hop on HW 15, so if you need to get around by car, this place is convenient;* Room service food was good (when they deliver it, see below);* Bed was great!  I've VERY picky about beds, and the one I slept on here was both firm (which I prefer) but had enough give to still be comfortable (It must have had a pretty thick pillowtop).Minuses:* Room service totally blew it on my breakfast, as in they never delivered one (I eventually had to cancel to head to work)* cable too-frequently didn't work on most channels;Random:* Palms Place does not have a casino in it.  But there is a short walkway that will take you to the casino in the Palms next door;
5	How did I not review this spot? I have been lucky enough to stay here on a number of occasions. I love that there is a bar and fridge in here. All the other lil things were added bonuses. Love it!! I like the modern furnishings and the beautiful flat screens. This is just an amazing spot. I would have loved to stay here longer but work wouldn't be happy about that. The soaking tub was my favorite. I think I took a nap in there. HAHA. The breathtaking views were perfect for watching the sun set along the glittering lights of the strip. I think that there are far more party goers that stay here. I noticed tons of college aged people here. I think it's perfect for them when you want someplace nice to stay but don't want to spend in excess for your room. The lounge is a nice spot to chill and take in a beautiful desert sunset. There isn't a wall or covering or anything that separates the toilet from the shower and things like that. So, beware. It might not be the best situation for those who are merely friends and aren't willing to bare it all. This is, however, perfect for a couple who are intimate with one another and would love something seXXXy like this for the weekend. I lov ethat there are multiple shower heads as well. I love their toiletries too. They are from aveda. It's the same stuff I use at home. So, it is nice to know that I'll be using something famliar.
3	Extremely nice hotel.  We stayed on the 32nd floor this past weekend facing the strip and damn was it a great view.  I went with 6 people total and got two rooms for 35 a person because we booked it months before.  Extremely nice rooms for what we paid for.  A big comfortable bed, a pull out couch bed, two flat screen tvs, a mini kitchen,a and a fridge.  In the bathroom was another tv two shower heads and a confortable sized tub.  It kind of felt like a condo in vegas.  I heard from someone, I dont know if this is true but, palms place was away from everything, strip, casino, because they were meant to be condos, but no one bought em.  It is possible from the looks of the rooms, o and there were door bells for the rooms.Its about a 10-20 dollar taxi cab going to the strip depending on where you want to go, which isn't really bad at all.  The palms pool party is pretty crackin too.  I repeat the palms pool party, not the palms place pool party, they are two separate places.I guess the bad part about this hotel is that there was one elevator that stopped at every other floor on the way day when no one pushed the elevator button, and was like that the whole weekend.  Sometimes it took 10 minutes to get all the way to the bottom floor which is a hassle.  Good hotel away from the strip for a decent price if booked in time.  Kind of a walk from the nearest casino and food, but worth it for the price we paid. xxxx.                        |(o)(o)|  (  (__)  )   | (  ) |        Whatever happens in vegas....  \__/Jordan
4	Love palms place! Pros: large suites that can fit a good amount of people. More secluded area, and privacy. Nice, clean bathrooms (with plenty of mirrors) and amazing views of the strip. Cons: away from the strip, so it's a cab ride. A walk to the palms casino, and elevators can take a while. The pool at palms place is small, and not a great vibe. But you can walk to the palms pool, which is a lot better. Overall, I would love to stay here again. This is more of a secluded, low key area. If you're looking for a crazy Vegas weekend, I'd recommend staying somewhere on the strip instead.
2	Pros: Fabulous rooms very spacious, High Ceilings, Clean, heavenly beds and linens, Jacuzzi Tubs in Room, Balconies with Amazing Views. Great Spa in terms of amenities (service could have been better). Pool was quiet and small.Cons: Maid service was spotty, Concierge was not very helpful, and Front Desk Assistant Manager was very rude and not knowledgeable about the what was going on at the hotel.We arrived on a Saturday evening at midnight, we had booked on Jetsetter which included a package of 30$ food and Beverage Credit, Free Spa Passes for everyday of our stay, Passes to the Playboy Club, and Free Wi Fi. While checking in I had to ask for all of the above perks, I was later charged a $14.00 service fee PER DAY which was not mentioned at the time of check in, and  we never received Wi-Fi.When I noticed the fees on my account I consulted the Assistant Hotel Manager Michelle Jeannest, she responded saying that the hotel has the right to charge those fees but, if we wanted to give the complimentaty drink passes (4, 20$ off at any casino bar)  back to her she would take the fees off our account. (wow this was tacky asking for passes back).  These charges were never mentioned at time of check in. (to boot she checked us in, so we were all sure of our conversation with her)  We continued to discuss and mid conversation she turned her back to both myself an the other party I was with and started a conversation with another employee (bartender) about something not relevant to what we were discussing. The other party explained we were still talking and she continued to stand her ground, and create a scene. Upon check out I presented the terms and conditions of our reservation that proved my point (All taxes and fees imposed by the property will be added at the time of purchase on Jetsetter. Guests are responsible for all incidental charges during their stay (e.g., room service, minibar, etc.).The hotel was very unaware of the Jetsetter package and never tired to accommodate any of our request. Everything was a fight. Its unfortunate that such a nice hotel has such terrible customer service.
2	Pros: I absolutely loved my studio suite. I was in Vegas for a week, so I needed a place that felt like home. My room was on the 38th floor over looking the Strip!! Fabulous View... very spacious, clean & ultra comfortable. The bed was the best & if I could I would have stayed in it all day!! Mini kitchen with fridge & everything you need. Jacuzzi Tubs in the bathroom was a bonus!! 2 Flat screen TVs in the living room & one in the bathroom... nice touch!! Great Closet space... Honestly my room was the best part of the hotel. Also, liked the Skytube over to the Palms. Very convenient.Cons: Front Desk was not very informative about the hotel activities & they left out  a number of things that would have made my stay. One important detail was the $14 per day resort fee... did not even mention that at the time of check in!! No mention of the bus service that goes to the Strip every 15- 30mins from the Palms. The maid service was better once I complained that my room was not cleaned one of the days of my stay. Room service was a rip off, but it was the best burger I had in a long time. Concierge was never around and the Drift Spa was a joke all together. To bad too because they have a nice set-up. But they need to work on the details, like always having a womens room attendant & make all the amenities available without having to ask  the front desk!! Pool was small & the staff seemed snooty!! Not helpful at all!! The entire hotel is dark... even the room with all the lights on...  just not used to that.Over all, I was not impressed & was very disappointed. It is too bad because they have everything it takes to be a nice place. They really need to work on the details... they are important!!
1	If you want to stay with all the scummy peep in Vegas then this is the place for you!  Being off the strip is inconvenient and annoying.  You can walk over to the Palms casino which is disgusting.  Compared to the new Cosmopolitan or Encore or Aria or actually any place on the Strip this casino is a dump, but hey some people like trash.  The only reason we ever even considered stay at this crap hole is because my husband bid on this trip at a fundraiser.  Do yourself a favor and don't even stop by.  The rooms are roomy but I'd rather stay in a box at another place.
4	This is a pretty good hotel. I haven't figured out exactly if you can stay there just for one night, or if you can rent it out like an apartment for the year, but regardless, I definitely think this is a great place to stay. The one bedroom is incredibly spacious, I think its like 1500 sq ft? They have 1 full bath and 1 half bath, a living room, bedroom, and lots of closet space. They also have a kitchen which includes an electric stove, a microwave, and a few cooking materials. Unfortunately though, they don't have an oven (gas fire hazard).  Parking is great. They have a self park that is very close by and there is always a spot around. Doesnt take too long to get one. Then they also have a valet, just tip. They're very nice, we went and got a ton of groceries and they brought everything up for us no problem. Onto some of the strange things. For a long-term stay, they don't have daily maid service. They just charge you $60 each time if you want it. Also seems like some of their staff is kind of weird or incompetent. We had some problems when we were checking in, we were given the wrong room and quoted the wrong price and they wanted us to pay for the whole stay up front. And the lady w/ whom we made the reservation through was very confusing. She was very slow in responding and was very difficult to get any information from her. Anyway, aside from that I really like this hotel. It's spacious, the rest of the staff is nice, and they have 24 hr room service!
4	I haven't stayed here but I really like to go to Palms Place for Simon's.  I've gone there for drinks but my favorite is the regular breakfast menu (not the brunch).  Overall, the Palms Place is a very modern, attractive resort.  I like the whole Palms property...it's fun and easy to walk from each tower and have unique experiences at each location.   Be ready for a very young, hipster crowd!
5	I bought living social deal and stayed in the studio suite! This hotel over all is very sophisticated and chic! Love Love Love their bed and their sheets. Their restroom is quite small of me since they don't have a large counter and there was no door for the toilet "room" but there is a main sliding door. Unless you don't mind taking a leak/shit while another person is using the rest of the bathroom then it's fine.  Their kitchen and the over all design of the room is amazing.  I would love to stay here again when I am in town
2	Cons- Far from the strip ...They do have two shuttles one at 10am and another at 3 pm and thats it....they dont have shuttles from the strip to the hotelthe front desk staff is not helpful at all...They forgot to give us our complimentary passes to playboy club....Our room key was just given to us and it wasnt activated at all...They have a 13 dollar resort fee per day .They charge an additional tax of 20 dollars per day if u book the room through any deal... So thats 30 additional dollars per day plus what u spend for transportation...Playboy club is the most boring club i ve been to....simons place- the food is tasty but expensive for the portion size and leaves u hungry .....Also, the service is very bad...The pool is very small..If u book a room in the fantasy tower, be sure that it can get noisy .....U ll have to pay extra for wifiTaking all this into consideration i felt it wasnt worth what i paid plus i d be better off staying somewhere on the strip for the same amountPros- The suites are great.....two tv s , kitchen, jacuzzi, nice large comfy bed...but then we hardly spend time in the rooms do we......
2	I was not a big fan of the Palms Place.  Here is why:-balconies are locked because some idiots threw furniture off...-impossible to get a cab here.  The cabs all chill at the main Palms which is a good ten minutes away.  And because this place is off the strip, you need to take a cab which is about $10 each way.-elevators take FOREVER and you are ear-raped by the music every time you go inside.-pool closes at 5... wtf?  I'm pretty sure the sun doesn't go down til 9/10.-skytube takes a good 10 minutes.  I was under the impression it was a lot shorter.  The main palms contains the casino, food court, taxi stand, bigger pool, etc.-Continental breakfast is a try of bread-like foods that you have to wait like, 15 minutes for.  Not worth it.  I just started going to the Coffee Beanery in the main Palms for breakfast.The rooms themselves are condo-like, containing a mini kitchen, a decent amount of cabinets, closet space, a jacuzzi, etc.  That's why I'm giving the Palms 2 stars.
2	After a long, long drive we arrived at this hotel at 1 am and so excited to start our crazy Vegas shenanigans. First of all there was only one person working at the front desk and there were at least three people trying to check in. I felt awful for the man ahead of us who was told his reservation had been lost and there was no room for him. He was angry and rightfully so because he had proof of his reservation and was unable to get any room. When we finally made it to check in we were treated in the same horrific manner. Michelle, the manager of the front desk, did everything to deter us from our fun times and ruin our evening. My friend was given a comped suite that would accommodate the 10 of us, but Michelle claimed that the reservation had not been verified. The haggling that ensued was ridiculous. She tried to charge us hundreds of dollars for a single bedroom (which 10 of us would not have fit in for all the tea in China). The company employee who comped and reserved the room for us even got on the phone with her to try and clear up the situation, to no avail. Hours later we were given two rooms in the regular Palms Hotel. When we finally get to the temporary room we wait for an hour for our bags. We finally got our bags and hauled ass to get ready finally starting our night out after 3am. The next day we switched to the Palms Place and had the amazing suite that had been reserved for us (and we should have had on Friday). The suite itself was very luxurious with a great kitchen, including a full size fridge, fireplace, bathtub in the bedroom, and extra half bath. Unfortunately you can't open the sliding doors to go on the balcony and the thermostat was uneven so half of the suite was freezing while the other half felt stale and hot. Overall I felt like the service at the Palms Place was horrible. I have never experienced a front desk that was so rude. In my opinion guests should be treated well and this is not the case at Palms Place. The room, if you are lucky enough to get the one you reserved, is great but it is so far from the strip and service is so sub par that you should avoid staying here.p.s. I went to the pool on Sunday. For a Vegas pool there are very few seats and they hired about 20 girls in yellow bikinis to sit around, so my friend and I were left with seats in the shade because the promo girls got all the prime seats. An example of the Palms Place horrible customer service.
5	ABSOLUTELY love this place! This place is like the MGM Signature or similar to something like the VDARA. Its more of a condo-like housing. Condo-like housing meaning nice furniture...multiple TVs in the room, a room that looks very expensive (but is decently priced), a place with cool showers and a bubble jet tub, a place with a refrigerator and a stovetop...yep this place has it all. LUXURY COUCH TOO...I might add.Anyways...the downside to this place...is that its a bit of a walk to the PALMS aka the casino. In all honesty, its not even that bad of a walk. The pool at the PALMS PLACE is also very cool as well. Its a smaller setting...it gives a more intimate and more exclusive feeling...WHICH IS SOMETHING THAT I LOVE. I CAME HERE FOR EDC LAS VEGAS WEEKEND...WOOT WOOT!I stayed at the PALMS for the first two nights and then moved to the PALMS PLACE for the 3rd night....and yes...even though staying at the PALMS was cool (cuz it was closer to the casino)...I WOULD RATHER STAY AT THE PALMS PLACE!In addition to the pool at the PALMS PLACE...I went for the SUNDAY POOL PARTY...it was awesome! They had the UP AND COMING DJ SLANDER...and the newly signed ANJUNABEATs' NORIN & RAD.  VERY GREAT EVENT...in my opinionMy review for the PALMS PLACE and the POOL ONLY...if you want to read my review for the PALMS...and his BUFFET...please read my other review.UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
2	Overview: --Probably a perfect hotel if you are between ages of 18-22 and don't care about being away from the strip. Otherwise skip Note: I've stayed here twice in past 2 months - not my choiceThe Great: --N/AThe Good:--Spacious studio suites have sleek modern design, hardwood floors, cool view of strip and the Palms tower. --Nice bathroom with "rain" ceiling shower, ample counter space.--Very cold, fast acting AC (for those 100+ degree days)--Efficient and hospitable room service--Penthouse suite has access to balcony and outdoor jacuzzi (impressive)--Ghost Bar has a fantastic view of the city but don't go when it's 80+ outside at 1am--Decent price to room quality valueThe Mediocre:--toilet flushes very weakly so you need to patiently hold down lever each time--poor light switch access; requires manually turning multiple switches which is a pain when you're in bed. They should have a remote console like Aria or a master switch by bed (unless I totally missed this)--First time I stayed here room service took my used hand soap but never replaced it so I had to call front desk for it. Never had that happen before...--N9ne steakhouse - overpriced, over-salted steak, bland seafood - far better restaurants in VegasThe Bad:--Location is far off the strip so casino hopping requires a cab ride.--SMALL, uninspired casino. Feels aesthetically 10 years dated. Surprised they didn't go for a moodier, less brightly lit design like Mirage.--Two words: Sky Tube. The distance from Palms Place to Palms Casino is far too much of a hike. And the name is a failed promise/missed opportunity. They could have at least surrounded the floor-scalators with polarized glass on the sides so you could, you know, see the sky. As it stands, it's just a long long boring hallway. --Elevator system is a joke. Only one elevator from Sky Tube to Casino floor (which is brightly lit and hot). The actual elevators to the rooms are divvied up by floor blocks and often take forever.--Both times I've stayed here the room was missing the welcome binder with room service menus. Both times I called for it and both times it took them too long to bring it up. Inexcusable.--Internet access is obscenely costly. How is it I can stay at a cheap-o motel and get free wifi but a resort in Vegas charges an arm and a leg for it?--Half the time I called housekeeping no one answered after multiple rings. I didn't even have my room cleaned last time I stayed because of this problem.--When I checked out, front desk girl didn't look me in the eye when she said goodbye. I didn't even know we were finished so I asked "am I all set?" and she replied dismissively, continuing to look at her computer screen, "yes." Great customer service! Not.Summary: --Don't be swayed by the many glowing reviews on here. Palm Place is  a "four-star" underwhelming experience. Unless of course, this is your first time in Vegas, in which case you may blissfully not know what you're missing.
4	awesome hotel~feels like your own aparttment in las vegas~room serivce is quick~clean, huge room 3 tvs (including the bathroom)nice viewi enjoyed palms~must try
5	Uhhhh, I dunno what the hell the other reviewers are talking about...?I'm a traveller (not a gypsy) and I am a constant  hotel guest.note: i've been everywhere and have been to Vegas about 95 times.This is the one and only hotel in Vegas that truly impresses me... and I hope you trust me ;)The staff is awesome....the room is awesome.....If you don't appreciate a sexy, sophisticated setting, then you would not enjoy this.If you  DO like bear skin rugs, big bathtubs, and glorious views, then stay here and thank me later.Palms Place is ($) reasonable, posh, and sexy!! I've stayed at EVERY hotel in Vegas. And I'm telling you, Palms Place and TheHotel are my top spots. SO, if you think you may have the same style as me, check 'em out :)OVERALL:I DEF RECOMMEND TO ALL YELPERS!!
4	This place is FABULOUS if you do your research. This place is all of a $10 dollar cab ride to the strip (15 if you're going to the very end). If you're going during the day/early evening theres actually a free shuttle that comes every half hour to the hotel Orleans across the street and lots of people just walked over there to catch it.  Honestly I spend more time trying to get through the labryinth lobbies of some hotels then I did getting from Palms place to the strip so the fact that it's "off strip" really did not faze me.The front desk gives you comp passes for Playboy Club/Moon though if you use FreeVegasClubPasses.com like I did you can get access to all four of the Palms clubs (Ghost bar included as they usually try to charge for that one). The studio  suite was absoloutely absoloutely gorgeous, spacious, and everything in the room worked just fine, though I do wish there was a larger full lentgh mirror instead of random mirror placed here and there throughout the room. Since I love to take advatage of Vegas buffetts i don't have much need for the kitchen portion but it is nice to have unlimited glasses for pre-gaming and a fridge to keep the liqour cold :)ALSO the elevator issue so many people have talked about apaprently is only for floors above 36 which I'm guessing are the larger suites. We stayed on the 36th floor and had no problem quickly getting an elevator in and out the building. OH and one of the BEST things is there's no smoking so you don't go home with all your belongings smelling of smoke. love it!Definitely staying here again this place is awesome.
3	Stayed twice, about a year apart from each stay.While I am not a fan of the typical clientele that stays there, it's a nice comfy room.However, they used to let visitors open the patio doors allowing fresh air and a nice view.  Apparently, they just recently decided to lock them unless you own your unit.  They should inform people of that beforehand.  They didn't.  I would stay again, at the right price.
1	HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE FOR MY 30TH BIRTHDAY!!!!**after writing this ive found that this has happened multiple times to other people. Probably because the suites are all condos that you are renting when you are there**In the morning after our first nights stay, and the housekeeping were done with our room, we all noticed a terrible smell. We had 3 rooms and two of the suites were connected by an entry way which leaked the smell into the other rooms.We asked numerous times to be moved because the smell was so horrendous that we could not bear to be in the room let alone sleep in it.We were told that there is nothing that can be done about the problem and we cannot be moved. All that was done was have 2 maintenance people come up and run the shower and give us a spray can.I was courteous but firm on checkout that I would like to have some kind of reimbursement and was told there was nothing they could give. After 20 minutes I finally got a mere $150 off of my bill from the $2,000+ we spent. This practically ruined my 30th birthday party for me and the 15 people who came to visit.I complained to the other staff in the hotel who told me that the Palms is the worst in Las Vegas for compensating for things like this and it was likely they would do nothing to remedy the problem. We also booked a cabana through the hotel for the Palms Place pool. We called multiple times to confirm the pricing due to traveling with so many people. We were quoted $1,000 and went through the N9NE group. When we arrived the palms place pool had no record of our reservation and said it was only $250. Luckily I had my iPhone with a copy of the contract saying that it was the correct day and time. The pool staff was courteous and remedied the situation but I am still waiting to see if I will be charged by the other company.I now know why their prices are so cheap!
2	I guess its not fair to rate on clientele (fist pumping DB central, if you're into that sort of thing), sooooooo .....This place is OK.  The staff was nice and accommodating.  My room was NOT clean in the least.  There were marks in the shower and hair on the bathroom floor upon my arrival.  The shower head had disgusting residue around it.  My sheets had weird brown stains on them, which was not comforting in the least.  The pool closes so early because the sun is obstructed by the building after around 5.  The straw that broke the camel's back for me was that when I had left to have lunch, I came back and my room key didn't work.  OK, I'll go get another one ... mind you, I'm on the 51st floor so the elevator wait/ride wasn't a short one.  I go to the front desk, no problem, they give me a new key.  Back up I go ... Nope, this key didn't work either (after trying for 10 minutes).  Downstairs again I go, this time 5 other people are in line now having the same issue.  "Crap", I thought to myself, this does not look good.  Another 30 minute wait and they decide to send me up with a Security escort ... 15 minute wait for him.  OK, fine ... we get up to my door and his key works fine, yet mine still doesn't work.  Their remedy for when I want to leave my room again, get a security escort each time I need to go back into my room or wait for a technician to come inspect the key mechanism that could be anywhere from a 15 minutes to a 2 hour wait.  Yeaaaaa, peace out Palms Place (-_-)Y ... don't think I'll be coming back.  The Aria and Wynn are more my style.
5	A beautiful beautiful hotel, with the same room layout like the Palms, and a little bit easier to get in and out of with valet, no casino, etc.  The staff are all gorgeous and very very helpful.  The rooms are high tech and very sophisticated in design. It would be great to have more choices than one relatively small restaurant, and a tiny bar (Rojo) in the room, and it's a long walk via something they call the "Sky Tube", (which is, it should be noted, neither in the sky nor a tube) to the Palms, where the action is at.  The jacuzzi tub and rain from the sky shower is great. Enjoyed this stay quite a bit.
3	This review is based on the Studio Suite.  I stayed with two other friends for the weekend and I will say that we had a pleasant stay.  It wasn't a horrible experience nor was it an above and beyond one.  There was more than enough room for us to sleep, to keep our stuff, etc. The decor was nice and the cleanliness was okay.  I didn't get a good look around at the pool or the bars there, so I can't say too much about that.  I liked that there were 2 TV's in our room and one in the bathroom.  It's perfect if you play video games on one and watch tv on the other.  I also liked how there were kitchen appliances and utensils for us to use although I question the cleanliness of it.  I also wish that there was better lighting and more mirrors where us girls could do our hair and what not.  The location is away from the strip which has it's advantages and disadvantages.
4	The Club up at Top is the Bomb!   I had so much fun!
2	Really nice place with a kitchen (and all the utensils-we made pasta, blended up some drinks, etc).  The beds are comfy, the shower is interesting (you can sort of see the person's shadow when they're up close to the wall), etc.  Not really on the strip, but because of that, the place tries to compensate by looking better and being more spacious.However, when we got there, there were multiple issues-they didn't really clean up the place.  There were used utensils in the shower, someone's clothes were left behind, etc etc.  We called to complain (and the very few times I've had friends complain about a hotel, we immediately got our money back and a new room).  However, they simply didn't care and didn't offer anything to us.  Whack.
2	My best friend, her husband and I stayed in a "studio suite" here.  Don't suites have more than one room?  The only difference between this room and a regular room was that this room had a little kitchen (stove, dishwasher, sink...the lot).  Note: I just went to read everyone else's reviews on this hotel, and it seems that the people who got studio suites got a jacuzzi in their room...we didn't get one!! When we checked in, we were told that we would get a complimentary continental breakfast.  The next morning when we went to pick up the breakfast, all they gave us was a few little pastries (2 TINY muffins and 2 TINY croissants), 2 coffees, and 2 orange juices.  I was expecting eggs, bacon, sausage...the works.  Well it was free, what else should I expect?  Also one thing that I really DIDN'T like is that the shower DID NOT HAVE A DOOR!!!!  Whenever any of us took a shower, there was water EVERYWHERE!!  What kind of hotel doesn't put doors on their showers?!  They also need more people at the front desk.  When we checked in and out there were only three people working the counter. There was no casino downstairs which was nice, at least it didn't reak of cigarettes. Getting an elevator up or down seemed to take an awfully long time...I've never had that problem at other hotels that I've stayed at (Bally's, MGM, etc).It was nice that there were two tvs in the room...one in front of each bed...but the problem with that is, if one person is watching one show and another person is watching another show, you can't really hear anything.  They should have headphones for the televisions so that if one person wants, they can use them while the other person watches their show on their television.Everytime we called the front desk for anything, it took at least 5 minutes for them to pick up the phone...probably because they only have at the most three people working the front desk as stated earlier.I called on Friday to let the front desk know that I saw an error on my account review.  They charged me for something in the mini bar (a Snickers bar) that I didn't eat.  The girl I spoke with told me she would remove it, but when we were about to check out and were reviewing the charges, the mini bar item was still on the balance.  They took it off, but still...when the girl tells me she will take it off, I expect her to take it off right then.Now that I read all these complaints, I guess this hotel isn't so great...I don't think I'll stay here next time regardless of how good of a deal we got.Okay...I did like ONE thing...the pillows were comfy.
4	I went on a girls trip for my friends 18th birthday and Palms Place was one of the only places we could stay at being so young. I was very happy with the hotel, the pool was great! We spent all of our days there hanging out at it, reading, and listening to the music they played.If i were to go back to vegas I would definitely stay there again!
5	Uhhh-ohhhh!! The Palms may have stolen my loyalty from the Hard Rock. I don't know if it was the super amazing stellar women I had with me, the gentlemanly attentive men, the kick-ass condo style rooms, or the plethora of hot bars and clubs in the vicinity, but I think I found a new love. It's especially great when you get into all the clubs for free because you're staying in the rooms or dined at 9, their amazing steakhouse. Of all my countless Vegas trips, this last one was on my top 2 - and possibly my #1. That says a lot!
4	The best hotel I've stayed at in Vegas so far. I stayed in a 2 bedroom suite with 4 others. We had more than enough room. 2 beds, a pull out couch, fireplace, 2 kitchens, etc. It wouldn't be any better. Gorgeous view of Vegas. Great bathtub in the living room. Layout is great. I wish it was closer to the strip though!
3	I purchased a deal on LivingSocial.com which included a 2-night weekend stay in a Studio Suite, complimentary breakfast each day, $50 credit to their restaurant Simon, and passes to either the Playboy Lounge or Moon Nightclub. Upon arriving, I automatically got the "boutique hotel" vibe it seems to have been going for. Although check-in was at 3pm, we arrived an hour early and they were able to accommodate us. At check-in, I asked if there were any complimentary upgrades and they were able to give us a room with a view which was nice to see at night before heading out and about. Our Living Social deal was explained to us before giving us our keys and they also threw in two $20 drink credits to any Palms Casino bar as well as a front of the line pass for the clubs (which I had to ask for by the way). Check-in was a breeze and the hotel lobby didn't seem very busy with tons of people staying at Palms Place. The room was nicely decorated and comfortable and included a kitchenette (stove, microwave, sink, dishwasher, minibar fridge and an empty fridge). The empty fridge served its purpose for our bottled water and leftover cheese platter from Bouchon one evening. One thing I would have enjoyed would have been free wifi - I believe it was $9.99 per day, so I opted out. Our first night, we decided to use our $50 credit at Simon restaurant and were pleasantly surprised by the food and service despite it's average rating here on Yelp. Our waiter Matt even gave us some complimentary cotton candy even though we declined dessert due to our filling meal. That same evening we also decided to use one of our drink coupons. Now remember, the coupon was for drinks at a Palms CASINO bar...This is sometimes confusing as there are tons of bars in and around the casino, so we weren't sure which ones accepted the coupon and which didn't. We eventually found one that took the coupon and had our drinks and headed out to meet some friends. After meeting our friends who wanted to call it an early evening we decided to hit up the clubs. Even though the deal specifically said Playboy Lounge OR Moon, we were able to see all the clubs at the Palms (Playboy Lounge, Moon, Ghostbar, and Rain) for free. It was nice to "club hop" all within one location and feel out which one suits your mood/music taste. I'm not as into clubbing as I once was and so the whole club scene on the Strip (waiting hours upon hours in line, getting table service, being packed in like sardines) just doesn't appeal to me. I was actually glad that the clubs at the Palms weren't very crowded. The next morning, we ate breakfast at Simon (free according to our deal? more on that later) then hit up the pool. Again, not overly crowded and barely any children. My kind of scene. I had seen one waitress walking around and she checked on us once in the couple hours we were there, but at that time, I hadn't wanted a drink. I waited a bit till she showed up again, but no luck. I decided to make my way to the bar where there was only one bartender serving drinks to about 10 people. It took a while for me to get a Bloody Mary and a bottle of water, so much so, that my boyfriend even commented on how long it took. The pool itself had a nice atmosphere and had some lounge furniture in the shallow areas, but were haphazardly arranged. Actually, I take that back. The furniture IN the pool was not arranged at all. It would have been nice if that had been done before guests arrived at the pool in the morning. Before leaving the room for the pool, my boyfriend and I both decided we didn't need maid service and so we left our room as is, but upon our return, we found our room clean with new towels even though we didn't need them. I'm not sure if this is a good thing or bad thing as we didn't want maid service (we didn't have our request out), but we had a nice clean room. Let's fast-forward to check-out the next day. Check-out on Sunday was EXTREMELY busy. We exited the elevator with our luggage to a line that was almost to the front door. I waited in line which went faster than I thought would and reviewed my bill only to find that breakfast was NOT comped. I inquired about the breakfast charge and they explained that it was a free CONTINENTAL breakfast which was NOT disclosed neither in my Living Social paperwork NOR at check-in. I didn't dispute the charge though and decided to just pay because it wasn't a horrible amount of money to begin with and figured it was my own fault for assuming the waiter or even hostess would have directed us to the free breakfast when I specifically said we had free breakfasts. Overall, I give this hotel stay an average 3-star rating. Great accommodations, less than average service. Give me all the free drinks and club passes you want, but I can still tell what mediocre service is.
4	I stayed here on a Wednesday - Friday.  It was not very busy, service was alright, the bell service was outstanding and very helpful.  The rooms have w large TVs on the wall which is great for sports.  The pool is small but, very nice.  Great bar and you have to check out Drift Spa.  The do charge for EVERYTHING here.I will do a review on drift spa as well.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this hotel/condo.We booked a studio suite and when we arrived, we were offered an upgrade to a one bedroom suite. We took that offer of course and so glad that we did. The room was AMAZING!!! So my style! Very modern and sophisticated. Had a full kitchen plus washer and dryer (not that we really needed that) but it was cool to have. The bathroom was my favorite part. The shower was a 2 person shower, with showerheads on both ends PLUS a raindrop shower in the middle of the ceiling! SO AWESOME!!!The Simon Restaurant had great food (see my review on them)The pool was so chill! We got a cabana and relaxed by the pool the entire day. The vibe and the people were great. The staff were friendly but a little on the slow side. Wished that they didn't close the pool down at 5pm though. The "Sky Tube" to The Palms Casino is neither in the sky nor a tube..lol. Just a fancy way to call a moving walkway I guess. Easy to get to and from the hotel and condos. Will stay here again FOR SURE!!!
5	WOW!!!  Rarely does a hotel property just blow me away.  That's exactly what happened on my recent stay in Las Vegas at Palms Place! This is EASILY the cleanest, nicest, most hip hotel on or off the Strip.  The fact that it's not on the Strip quickly became a non-issue for us, as we were taken in by the sheer beauty of the views, the cleanliness of the rooms and property, the helpfulness of the staff, the food, overall entertainment options available right on the property.  No other hotel in Vegas combines all of these traits.  There is an air of excitement in this place that is hard to explain, of duplicate!!  There is soooo much more I could say here, but I think you should just check it out for yourselves.  It is now my favorite place to stay in Las Vegas.  I won't stay anywhere else.  It just wouldn't be the same!!
1	Nice looking hotel, horrible service.  We pre-planned our trip, went with another couple, (two rooms) and stayed for a few days.  We had a late check-in as we noted on our reservation.  They charged our card as a deposit.  When we showed up at the Palms to check in we were told that the hotel overbooked, but they would comp us a room over at Ceasar's Palace.  Kind of irritating but not the end of the world.  We were told to call the next morning around 11 and they would let us know what rooms we would be in.  We called and were told that they were not  ready and they would call us when they were.  Check out at Ceasar's had passed so now we had to ride back over to the Palms, so they could hold our bags until the room was ready.  We went back to the strip to play around.  Time passed and by 8:00 that night the rooms we still had not received a call.  We called and were told that AGAIN they overbooked and did not have any rooms for us.  They would upgrade us to a suite, it would not be ready for a few hours, but they would call us.  We continued to have fun on the strip and made it back to the Palms at about 1:30am in the morning.  After explaining the situation to another clerk in the lobby (they had no record of the issues) we finally were able to get a room.  They gave us a few comps for the clubs, but they were all for specific days.  Early weekdays when nothing and no one was in the club.
1	This was one of the worst customer service experiences I have ever had in my entire life.  I was treated like a peon from the moment I got to the hotel until after I left.  After the front desk lost my reservation (which I had pre-paid through Jetsetter) I was left standing at the front desk alone for almost an hour with my luggage until I could find proof that I had a reservation.  When I did find the confirmation through having to pull up credit card statements on my iphone, not much more than a quick, insincere "i'm Sorry" was given.  When I left messages at the front desk to complain about the situation they were not returned.  When I asked the operator to transfer me to the director of operations she did and he did not pick up the phone.  I left a voicemail but that was not returned either.  I left another voicemail a week after my stay and once again no answer.  With so many hotels to choose from in Vegas there is no reason to choose this one.
5	I love this place. I went there for my 22nd birthday. I love this place! The price was really good also.
3	very nice place. love the rooms, the first room we were given wasnt very clean and a few things were broken (12th floor/ one bedroom suite) the technician couldnt fix what was broke, we were given another room (15th floor/ one bedroom suite) the room was nice the toilet in the guest bathroom was broken, and dust was on the floor, but the room was very nice, overall a good hotel, the service is ok. The view as great, rising with the sun. :)
3	Beautiful room, but bad location unless you want to visit the go-kart track across the street. You can jet over to The Palms via the "sky tube" which is a very exciting name for something that is actually a moving walkway on the 2nd floor.   Pool closes at 5:00?  In LV during a record heat wave that is not welcome news.  This place seems to be screaming "I'm sexy!  I'm hip!  I'm where the action happens!" but it just misses the mark.  Biggest let down was learning that the balconies are sealed off because guests were throwing glass and other debris off said balconies at other guests in the pool.  Let that be a subtle hint to the type of clientele you may have the displeasure of rubbing elbows with during your stay at this establishment.  Plus side:  there is ample parking and the staff was attentive and professional.  If you have a car and a high tolerance for young drunkards, you may enjoy this hotel more than I did.  Because there are soooo many great hotels in Vegas, I won't be giving this one another visit.
1	Check in is at 3pm the resort areas close at 5pm no swimming no spa after 5pm  yet your charged a extra resort fee becuase it is a resort. No room access to patio even though their is one but its locked. You are not informed until you arive that their is a no smoking rule for the entire premises except the parking lot. Also odd but their was a note on the bed when I checked in that sheets are only changed upon request ( sick ) makes you wonder how often they get changed. The only plus was the jucuzzi tub in the room. Everything is at the Palms it is a long walk away only thing at Palms Place is a restaurant its just a condo set up you get really nothing but to pay a high price.  I am a local in Vegas and take it from me their is much better elsewhere.
5	LOVVEEDD THIS PLACE!!very good service and when we were checking in i was debating if I should ::very politely:: ask for any free upgrades, but no need! I chickened out thinking i'll look stupid or something but the front desk clerk still gave us the highest room before the penthouses with the view of the strip :] best view ever and he even gave us extra direct access passes to moon and playboy when I told him we had other friends coming. the room was very modern and very sophisticated. everything about the room was perfect, and i loved the rain showerhead they had also. its pretty far from the strip, but who cares, they have moon, playboy, rain, and the ghostbar not too far from our stay.theres a little "sky tube" ::i think thats what they called it:: linking palms place and the palms so you dont have to make that far walk over especially if you're in heels. definitely solved that problem of "who's going to be DD tonight?"   the only con that I could think about was that the balcony is locked and you can't go out. it was such a tease having a balcony but not being able to use it. eh, no biggiewe will definitely come back again another time:)
2	Nice room but our experience indicates customer service isn't a priority at Palms place.  We turned on the DO NOT DISTURB button.  At 9:40am the housekeeper comes BANGING HARD on the door waking us up.  I asked her why she was bothering us at 9:40am when we have the DND on, and her answer was "you must leave by 11am."  I then try to call the front desk to ask for a manager but it literally took 5 or 6 calls to get ANYONE to answer.  Then I am put on hold for 10 minutes, finally speak with a manager and she didn't seem to know how to handle the complaint.  However she agreed to extend our checkout to 1pm for the inconvenience.  An hour later at around 10:45am, the housekeeper comes knocking on the door again but this time she almost immediately OPENED the door and peaked into the room.  Unacceptable.
1	Stayed here as part of a reunion group, although everyone stayed at the Palms while my party stayed at Palms Place. Yes we had a kitchen but we didn't use it really -- we're in Vegas for god's sake. the fridge was a nice tough though since most nice hotels in Vegas don't have 'em unless you request for one. You can't remove the stuff from a minibar and put your own shit in.We had a beautiful room with a beautiful bathroom, but the bathroom was so unpractical it was so tiresome having to do prep work every single day before we showered. Our bathroom had a tendency to flood -- water would run all the way down the floor towards the toilet. We ended up having to lay out tons of towels to soak up the water so our friend wouldn't slip and hurt herself AGAIN!The elevators were also insane. It would stop on random floors not pressed -- up and down -- but not on the floor you needed to get out on. Worse yet, out of our 3 nights 4 days, more than 50% of the time, my card would not register so I can press our floor. It was crazy. It wasted so much of our time trying to get from our floor to the lobby and vice versa every single day. The ventilation was so bad inside the elevator that being stuck inside made us all want to vomit because the air quality was so poor.We also had some trouble with housekeeping. We didn't get it! I called and requested them to come and give us fresh bathmats and towels because we had to use them all to soak up the flooded bathroom situation but after 5 hrs still nothing. No, I didn't wait 5 hours, I called and then returned later, 5 hrs later and STILL nothing. Had to call again before they'd bring it -- after 15 mins -- but at least they brought it.When you call housekeeping or front desk, it takes forever for them to pick up the phone so often you're stuck on the line for a good 5 minutes before someone picks up. The slow service also extends into the valet service. There seems to be only 1-2 valet attendant around at any particular time and they have to attend to the drop off AND pick up of cars. There is often no one at the valet booth and after they take your ticket, it takes forever for them to bring your car. One of the worst days was 18 minute wait from time of giving them my ticket to my car actually being delivered -- and yes I timed it!So between the crazy elevator situation to the valet, we had to give ourselves a good 35 mins leeway leaving our room to go anywhere JUST in case we got caught up somewhere along the way.-- and no that did not include actual travel time which is usually only around 10 mins max.Our entire stay was rather frustrating although our bell hop Adam was a sweetheart and helped us out plenty. He needs a raise or a promotion! That's for sure.
4	I may put more stars because I didn't really pay for the place, but looks wise it's beautiful.  We stayed at a studio suite which included a really comfortable king sized bed, a pull out couch, two big flat screen TVs right next to each other, a LONG desk/vanity/storage surface (bigggg plus and so convenient), TONS of closet space (3 closets) and an beautiful bathroom with an even better shower and bathtub area.  Beautiful wood floors, everything super clean and new looking- excellent. I only have 2 and a half things to complain about: 1. it's not located on the strip and if you want to go to the main casino you have to walk through the dreaded SKY TUBE and 2. there's no balcony access. half- no doors on the toilet so you can't poop while someone's showering or putting make-up on..unless you're THAT comfortable.Despite the "cons", if you take a taxi from palms place to the strip it's only about 12 bucks w/ TIP! (but we had a CRAZY taxi driver)
1	Stayed there for 2 nites end of September 2011. On arrival room was dirty. Thick dust on cabinets and area where you put your clothes. Food bits in the sink. Tub was dirty. Pink and black mold in the shower (all over). Cigarette burns on furniture for this non-smoking room. This room was below the "clean" standards I am used to in Vegas. Contact with houskeeping and manager at front desk was a waste of time. They didn't seem to care. We won't be staying at ANY Palms resort/hotel ever again. MAJOR disappointment.
4	If you're not looking for extreme peace, quiet, & time to yourself, then this is for you. If not, then you had a poor choice. The palms place is wonderful for parties, especially with all their different, fancy, cozy rooms & suites. I got a suite & it had a wrap around balcony. What makes it even more worth it, is the pricing. It's not over-priced. Just don't break or mess ip anything because you won't get your deposit back. The security is strict. You need a room key to go up. Better than your typical suite. The site is user-friendly & service is not bad. However! They need to keep up with bits of maintenance. Such as light bulbs, & dusting. Rooms should be crystal clear. Other than that, it's a 4-5 star resort just off the strip, so traffic isn't horrible.
1	I go to Vegas all the time and have stayed at many hotels, however, I wouldn't recommend staying at this place.  The last time I was in Vegas we had a 2 night reservation at Palms Place.  We called to see if we can check in early and they told us that they couldn't check us in early.  When we arrived at check in time, the guy at the counter asked us for our information and all of a sudden disappeared for about 20 minutes. We started to ask other workers there where the guy went and let them know that he just left in the middle of check in without saying anthing to us.  Finally, he comes out and tells us that they do something called "overbooking" where they allow guests to book online even if they don't have any rooms left.  They don't tell the guests that they don't have a room until the guest checks in. They said that when this happens they send the guest to a sister hotel (in our case, they sent us to the hardrock). BUT when we got to the Hardrock they didn't have any rooms left. Luckily, we had friends who lived in Vegas and let us stay with them. To top it off, we find out a week later that they never reimbursed us, so we had to call back and we were given the run around getting this resolved.  Overall, the customer service sucks. It might seem like a nice place to stay, but you won't get an opportunity to experience it if they decide to overbook you. I don't recommend staying here.
2	The room was quite nice, BUT the douchey clientele and the reality show jackassery being filmed which forced all 20+ in the cab line to wait 15 extra minutes to get a cab when we had dinner and/or show reservations waiting were very uncool.Also, cab rides to/from the strip ended up making this stay cost aboutt as much or more than just staying on the strip in a comparable spot.
3	Quick summary: If you want a very pretty room that is not very close to the strip - Palms Place is awesome. If you're hoping for more than that - you know - knowledgeable staff, pools, proximity to the strip, etc. Palms is not so awesome.Longer version: The rooms are really nice. Ours (a studio) had some minor problems - namely, various parts of the room were damaged/broken (two lights in the bathroom were out, some strip broken off of some places on the counter in the room, various dings in the stainless steel surfaces, etc). But nothing major. The patio was locked off and somewhat gross looking. The beds were comfy. The room was super pretty. Nice tub. Overall, a great room.The staff were more of an issue. We were given lots of wrong information about things happening around the area. The one huge plus I'll give the staff is that my lovely companion left some jewelery in our room when we checked out. We called the staff and they were able to track it down for us and return it to us within about an hour of us calling. Awesome. However, a major staff problem was the housekeeping - when we checked in - our room was simply not clean. Don't get me wrong - it had been "cleaned". But it had trash on the ground. And some of the seats were incredibly dusty. I mean like you could write "wash me" with your fingertip on the seats. That dusty.The pools were also a major issue. They close early (I think at 6 PM or something like that). Am I the only person in the world that loves going to pools at night? Further, the main pool was closed off for much of our time there for some show that cost $100/person (or was it $50/person? Staff gave conflicting information here). Thus we were stuck in the teeny little pool in Palms Place. There was no seating available (though a nice maintenance guy was able to hook me up when I asked), but there were tons of empty cabanas (that they were chasing people out of) that I suspect they wanted some insane price for. The bartenders at the pool were awful (incompetent and rude). Also, charging $12 for a rum and coke is insane.Getting to and from the strip is about a $15 taxi ride. There is a shuttle that goes to/from the strip once per day. Literally once. No airport service, of course (that's about $25). There is a "resort fee" of $15/day. They're quick to tell you that gets you a $20 drink credit. That credit only works at bars in the casino, and it doesn't go too far (though they are less overpriced than the pool). It also expires the day it is issued for.Service/staff/location/pools get minus 5 stars.The actual rooms get 4.5 stars.I'm not good at math so somehow that's becoming three stars.
4	Beautiful condo-like rooms. In fact, if i'm not mistaken, it was intended to be a condominium-type complex. I was lucky enough to go for a business meeting and rooms were already discounted--so I didn't have to deal with the price. As far as comfort level is concerned, the rooms are spacious and have everything you could possibly need. A few things I didn't like: -dimly lit room (not good for work, or putting on makeup)-balcony did not open so it was like a tease to have such a great view on the 36th floor (i'm sure this has to do with legal reasons though)-very expensive bottled waters (really expect anything different in vegas?)-distance from the strip (you have to take a shuttle from the Gold coast or a $10 cab ride)-distance from the other two Palms towers (it often felt like a trek)-expensive one-time admission to the Gym even if you are a hotel guest ($30--seriously?)
5	This place RULZ. I bought a groupon for The Palms for a Superior Guest Room. When we arrived, they told us we got a free upgrade at the Palms Place. We figured cool, but had no idea what to expect. When we opened that door to our 1 bedroom suite- we were BLOWN away! We had a view of all of vegas! Marble floors! 3 tvs! a fireplace! a kitchen! a jacuzzi tub! 2 bathrooms! The bed was so comfy, it was actually a bummer sleeping in my own bed last night (that NEVER happens). The room was super clean as well. I felt that the staff was very friendly and really enjoyed how well we were treated during our stay. The pool wasnt that exciting but whatever- best room ever.
3	I have to say, it is one of the most beautiful hotels I have stayed at.  The spa is amazing.  Some parts of it remind me of Budapest and their mineral baths.  The room was stunning.  We were on the 50th floor and had an amazing view of the Palms and Las Vegas strip.  Unfortunately, we were not able to access the balcony and fresh air from our room.  According to the desk clerk and one of the concierge, unless your a friend of the hotel manager or own one of the units, you can't access them.  Apparently after some people were tossing things off the balconies, this caused the hotel to initiate this policy.  It's sad everyone has to be punished for one persons mistake.  There should be warnings to guests of the consiquences if this were to happen and also have cameras posted outside to catch those who violate this.  For that reason and a few others, I don't know if I'll be coming back to this hotel.  I feel they play favorites.  Like I said there were some other reasons.  Can't list them now, however they will be addressed.  Other than some of the policies and personal disatisfactions, this is a great hotel.  They have wonderful customer service and everything is beautiful.
5	We got a spectacular suite here, for a great price. Absolutely loved staying here. Free parking, amazing view of the strip, nice quiet getaway.Have no desire to ever stay anywhere else.
4	Proximity to the strip? Not close. To Vegas style mistakes and regrets? Spot on.Great steak at 9ine. Great racks at Playboy Club. And most excellent views at Ghostbar. Also one of the best brunches at the restaurant in the Palms Place itself.It was a top notch Halloween. Tops!
5	This is one of the best hotels I've stayed in. The service is top notch and the rooms are modern, large and clean. I couldn't have asked for a friendlier staff. Excellent! If I return to Vegas, this is where I'll stay. There are several great night clubs in the hotel as well as gambling. I guess Hugh Hefner likes the Palms, too, since he has his Playboy Club here. There's really no reason to leave the hotel if you don't want to. Room service is 24/7.
4	totally awesome place to stay.  decent walk to the casino, with a slow elevator.  room and view was sick.  jetted bathtub in the room made monday night football a whole lot better.
4	Stayed here during a Family Vegas Trip. Hotel is clean and accommodating. We got a regular room which had pretty much everything we needed. Access to and from casino to room was easy and quick. Tables are fun and dealers were cool. Jason was my favorite. Won me big money plus great conversation. The Vegas Strip was a $10 cab ride away which isn't too bad. The hotel has Moon and Ghost Bar which are cool spots for those who like to party. We enjoyed our stay.
1	BEWARE!! Read my first review, my laptop was stolen.Luckily I had a program (Dropbox) on there, and was able to track it down with the help of LVPD.It was found that the lady who stole the laptop was actually a maid from the Palms hotel!!! Unbelievable!!!DONT STAY THERE!!! They will steal your stuff and then accuse you of fabricating this story.
1	I went here last Thanksgiving.The hotel is nice.... However, it's all hidden with fees including a $15, $25 for a usage of 24 hours of some slow internet connections; one per laptop, SmartWatrer is $8 per bottle, $6 if you use their refreshments fridge, average of $8 to wash & dry clean your clothes per item, and room service is very very expensive. Don't use any of their service.I did not like the pillows and blankets they provided. My thick 100% cotton is way better vs. their very thin blanket. The room isn't sound-proof, I heard some people next to my room having sex or probably watching porn. I even put a "Do Not Disturb" sign out of my hotel door, and in 5 o' clock in the morning, I heard noisy vaccumming. At least they should tell me before doing this!Not the best place ever, I should have went somewhere else.
4	Stayed here in 2010. The pools are definitely the best!! An infinity pool right next to a firepit, with flowing waterfalls! What else could you ask for? Rooms are also just as good. But it depends. Standard and Deluxe guestrooms are just gross. Just go for the One Bedroom or Two Bedroom Suites. The casino is really lame though. Not the best. So they lose a star there...But dining gets a big plus! N9NE Steakhouse is the way to go! All in all, I'd stay here again.
1	Spent good money to spend the night in penthouse d ($,$$$.cc) on July 5th. It had a private hot tub on the side of the room, main reason we booked the room. Went to use hot tub about 10pm and it was ice cold and jets were none functional.  Went down stairs, they lady that checked me in, was in the bar drinking... Told her about my issue, Said no problem, she would comp a future night, couldn't be fixed that night.  Said she noted it in the computer.  Called to setup a room for this past week, to use my free room, and carol that palms place manager wanted to only comp me a standard room....less then 100.00 a night room. Wouldn't you expect to be comped in the same room you paid to upgrade to, that was none functional??? Amazing hotel, but carol and the staff at palms place was very unrealistic, and almost insulted by her offer.
5	Nice rooms.. very modern... newer location
5	Ok, so I went during Christmas. Weird time for Vegas I know BUT with that being said, the town was like half full so there were plenty of opportunities to loose your money faster than in the regular season...SO I had no idea about the Palms Place hotel. I thought it was the Palms but found out this is the older building. We walked in, it was nice, they had the music pumpin and the people seemed pretty cool. Went to the room...I was underwhelmed to say the least.  So I laid out the plan and tried to get an upgrade.   Upgrade successful...$30, on the 53rd floor with a full service hotel room/suite...tub in the bedroom, full kitchen, fire place and the most amazing view of Las Vegas. I was very happy with the room, the flexibility of the staff and everything was flawless. I'd stay here again just because of the staff. Everyone was very nice
5	Came here for New Years 2011 and it was amazing.  My friends stayed a little ways south of the strip and I could have stayed down there with them for about 60 dollars for the whole week, but I decided I couldn't get off of work for that long and I wanted to be a little closer to the action (and our NYE night at Ghostbar).  I pricelined and bid on 4 star hotels around that area and imagine my excitement when I saw Palms Place come upI expected it to be quite nice and fun from the pictures and reviews and what not that I had seen online for it.  Not many people had anything bad to say.  It was phenominal.  I got the studio suite and it was everything you could ask for.  Two Tvs and then one in the bathroom.  Amazing shower, phenominal tub/jacuzzi.  The king bed was so comfortable I almost didn't get up after the few hours of sleep we did get.  The kitchenette came in handy for drinks and what not and probably one of the most underrated features of the Palms Place is the Sonic across the street.  Don't get me wrong, I know Palms Place is fancy but everyone loves some late night tots and a coney.  It made drunk food that much easier - haha.  I don't know what else to say that hasn't already been said but outside of it being a 5 min cab ride off the strip, there is nothing to complain about.  I would stay here again, no question.  And if you come here for new years, definitely do Ghostbar.  That place was ridiculous for NYE - especially watching all the fireworks from the outdoor part.  Sick.  It costs a pretty penny to do NYE in Vegas but it was definitely worth it.
4	Suite has a kitchen complete with pots, pans, appliances, silverware, dishwasher, etc. Nice! Loved the dual shower head in the shower. Everything was very modern. Hate how far it is from the strip though
2	keep in mind that this experienced last summer.Honestly the hype about this place is over exagerrated. The nice modern interior is just a blanket for all the shit wrong. We started out on the 30th floor. We got in and the place was still a mess. The couch wasnt dry from the cleaning prior to check in, One of the lamps didn't work, and a shower head wasnt working. Then they bumped us up to the 50th floor. Awesome, right? Wrong. The room was clean, but the flatscreen wasn't connected to the cable. Then one of my friends decided to shower and the shower head broke off and cut my friend's foot... Wow. They comped us a bunch of shit, but that doesn't compensate for the terrible experience. Thanks guys....
4	I don't usually stay in the nicer spaces in Vegas. But the Palms Place was a nice change from the usual slumming I do. The rooms all decorated with modern furniture which looks nice but everything is pretty cheaply made. The bed was comfortable, the pull-out wasn't. The nice part was the kitchen great for stocking up snacks, drinks, and keeping gatorade cool for the inevitable morning after. The one bedroom is really nice and big.The 1.5 baths is great for staying with people. And you get the added bonus of watching tv while showering. Overall the Palms Place is pretty nice. It's a little bit of quieter big hotel in Vegas which is def. preferred. When you need to get to sleep, you can without all the nonsense from the casino or strip.Warning: The wifi situation is kind of crap. You have pay about $15 per day per device. Which is a little insane.
4	Modern, relaxed, and just plain cool. I'm definitely a fan of Palms Place. As it was originally intended to be condos, the rooms are sleek and modern with great balconies, as well as a full-size fridge and w/d/, and a decent kitchen area. The beds are uber-comfy with high-quality linens. The bathroom is just the right size and awesome. And I'm always a sucker for a mini-bar and a plush robe.The spa is fabulous. The pool is pleasant and small, and not overrun with tons of people. The cabanas are affordable.And the lobby bar and Simon are fabulous places for food and drink.Even when I'm technically visiting the Palms, I almost always park at Palms Place instead so I can at least have a drink in an enjoyable atmosphere before walking over to the crazy crowded-ness of the Palms.All in all, Palms Place is a pretty good deal for what you get and a pleasant place to stay.
4	This hotel changed my whole perspective on fancy living in Vegas. Palms Place may not be the first hotel / condo complex built in Vegas, but it was my first experience staying in a hotel of that nature. The room is very spacious, with 2 balconies, a fireplace, living room, bedroom, a sleek restroom, and a dining room / kitchen with an empty fridge (not stocked with expensive goodies the hotel wants you to consume) & freezer, microwave, stove tops, and complete silverware set. We could have lived here, or at least for the weekend! Forget the strip!But really, the microwave and dishes saved us when my friends brought back 100+ leftover hot wings from the $0.25 / wing midnight special.... before there were any conditions to ordering the special.Yes, Palms Place is not quite on The Strip, but I would be cabbing everywhere in Vegas anyway, even if I chose a hotel on The Strip. Exhibit A: staying at Mandalay Bay and cabbing it over to XS or even somewhere in between.. like Bellagio. Face it, your friends are as lazy as mine, and not down to walk if you couldn't help it. So, I do not see the location of this hotel as a problem. If anything, the distance works in our favor, since room prices are consistently lower for its quality. The prices are comparable to a mid-tier / 3 star hotel on the Strip.Ever since that stay in Vegas, having microwaves and empty fridges have become my prerequisite for the rooms I choose to stay in. (The only exception I am willing to make is for Wynn / Encore :) ) In short, Palms Place has spoiled me to luxury living on... well, slightly off..The Strip.
1	We stayed here to celebrate my wife's 30th birthday.  Sadly, this had to be our WORST experience in Vegas ever.  And this includes the time I was bitten about 50 times by bedbugs.  I'll start with the pro's: The bed is really comfortable.  The shower is nice.  The room itself is pretty to look at it.  It's not the kind of the place you'd want to live in, not unless you're a complete dbag, because that's the kind of interior decorating that's going on, but for a weekend in Vegas, it's what you'd want/expect. The off-strip location isn't bad, either.  I know that's a problem for a lot of people, but if you don't mind a 6-10 dollar cab ride, then you're golden.  Place is quiet too!  Can't hear anything through the walls.Sadly, that was about it in terms of Pro's. THE CONS!Too many to list and describe in detail, so I'll hit you with the major points. I had booked two connecting suites in which I was told there were four beds.  They didn't bother to tell me that two of the "beds" were actually "queen" pullouts.  I say "queen," because they're not.  I'm 6 feet tall, and when I tried to lie down, my legs hung off the edge over a foot.  They did absolutely nothing to fix the fact that they had lied to me when they booked, so I ended up having to tack on an additional suite.They moved us to the 51st floor so that all three suites would be next to each other.  Unfortunately, when the last of my party arrived, they sent them to the 31st floor.  -The rooms they moved us to on the 51st floor REEKED of smoke.  -There was a VOMIT STAIN on the carpet next to the bed.  -The AC in the living room didn't work.  -The jacuzzi tub jets would RANDOMLY turn onAlso, we were told that we would be on the list to get in to any of the clubs, VIP access, blah blah blah.  We tried to go to Moon, and the bouncer - who was incredibly polite - looked through every list he had in his iPad - but we weren't.  Just another busted promise. Dinner at Simon was also a joke.  They ran out of potatoes.  No mashed potatoes of any kind.  Not sure how a restaurant that serves some kind of potato dish with just about every entree runs out. While waiting for our food, they came out to tell us that they only had one ribeye left, and that two of the three people who ordered them would have to get something else. One of the girls we were with got sick from the food and actually threw up. The absolute WORST part of our stay was the morning of our second night.  We had our DO NOT DISTURB sign on, but that didn't stop the housekeeper from CALLING OUR ROOM several times in a row to ask if we wanted housekeeping. I'm not sure why have the DND light, if they're not gonna use it.  We answered the phone and told her we were gonna get breakfast, and if she wanted to clean our room to come back in 15 minutes and we'd be gone.We went downstairs, ate at the buffet where I chipped my tooth (can't blame the Palms for this one - like an idiot I bit into my fork... oops).  We gambled a little bit, and then went back up to the room.  All in all, we were downstairs for about an hour and a half. When we returned, the maid showed up 10 minutes later.  Surprised to find us in our room again, she proceeded to YELL at my wife (whose birthday we were celebrating).  She said we were inconsiderate and we were wasting our time.  That she had returned every 15 minutes, but couldn't clean the room because we were there - obviously a lie.I can put up with a lot of crap that hotels do, and even forgive a lot of mistakes, but this was the last straw.  There is no reason that ANY hotel employee should yell at a guest, especially when it's unwarranted.  I laid into hotel management about this - their response?  We'll take 100 dollars off your bill. I would have gladly paid that 100 bucks and have them send up the housekeeper to just apologize.  When I asked if the maid would come up and apologize to my wife, I was told, "absolutely."  She never came up, and when I inquired about it again, I was told the housekeeper had already apologized. Unbelievable. Do NOT stay here - unless of course you don't mind being lied to, belittled, staying in vomit stained, smoky accommodations, and all in all treated like garbage. Would do ZERO stars if I could.  WORST hotel experience in Vegas.
5	Stayed at the Palms Place, next door to The Palms, which are privately owned condos that are rented out by owners.  Three of us stayed in a one bedroom corner unit (52322).  When we first entered the unit, we screeched in surprise and went running through the suite amazed at all the fabulous amenities.  As a corner unit, windows stretch throughout two full sides of the suite.  There is a jacuzzi tub in the middle of the bedroom, next to the windows overlooking the strip.  There is a full kitchen, laundry, 1 1/2 baths, and a queen size pull out couch.  The service at the front desk and security that doesn't let anyone without a room key near the elevators was fantastic.  A tunnel takes you directly to The Palms and if you want to go elsewhere, a taxi is waiting for you at the front door.  Valet is complimentary and the valet staff always have a smile - starting your trip off on the right foot.  If you like luxury and the ability to retrieve to your room without the noisy hub bub of the Strip keeping you away at night, I highly recommend unit 52322 at the Palms Place.
4	We stayed in a luxury condo suite on the 30th floor. Big rooms, fantastic features & beautiful view of Las Vegas lights! This suite includes a spa & rain shower in the bathing area-a nice addition to relaxing after a long night. The king sized bed is very comfortable.  Kitchen is great! The decor is absolutely fantastic. We went up to the Ghostbar for my birthday. They played some great dance music & the roof top view was incredible. The neat thing about this club was on the patio they have a glass bottom floor where you can see 55 stories below you. The restaurant they had was decent. We ate prime rib but i wouldn't say it's a 5 star restaurant or anything. The girl at the reservations desk hooked us up with tickets for the Playboy club. She also gave us $30 in drink tickets so i was able to toast with a glass of champagne with my friends on my bday. That was nice. One thing...we walked like half a mile to get to the elevators to Palms Place. Holy cow. It was a mission just to get to our rooms. All in all, a fun great place to stay & near the strip. I'm definitely going back.
2	I expected to be blown away since this hotel is off the strip, I'm a big fan of Hard Rock Hotel so I would try to make the comparison.  I got this deal off Groupon for the Suite, the room is pretty great, spacious, comfy bed, two tv's, a mini kitchen w/fridge, spacious bathroom/shower.  The walk back and forth kind of stinks even when using the sky tube...I hope they consider building a casino that's attached to the palm place cuz going back and forth to the main hotel to play tables is exhausting.  I ate at the Nove Italiano restaurant which was very nice and good.  Had a 65 dollar voucher and spent well passed that with two people, thanks to two ceaser salads that costed 12 dollars a piece which was insane.  I don't think the waitress brought side salads, but the full one instead...so that was pretty deceptive.Then the hotel charged a bunch of hidden fees.  A 15 dollar a day fee which they offset by giving you a drink coupon for each day which I didn't care for.  Then they tacked on about 30 dollars more of weird service fees, pretty messed up.  I'd rather stay at Hard Rock or most likely somewhere on the strip cuz this place isn't special enough to hang around at for the weekend.
2	This is a review based on my stay in a Studio Suite. First, I'd like to mention that I travel a lot and because some of the cities/towns I visit are way off the beaten path (basically, in the middle of nowhere) I have no choice but to stay in Days Inns, Hampton Inns, and the like. The rest of the time I stay at luxury properties such as St. Regis, Le Meridien, etc. I've seen both ends of the spectrum, but this was a new experience for me - nice property with lots of promise with the crappiest clientele which brought down the overall experience.It is important to remember that, by all appearances, this hotel is frequented by 20-something party peeps and what I would describe as "frat boys" (loud, obnoxious, low-class college students). I'm not that much older, but being from NYC and growing up in the clubs - this type of crowd is what I call the "B"-crowd...With that type of clientele, the description of my experience and observations will make more sense. I am convinced that the staff, housekeeping and managers have just given up on customer service or trying to be nice. Having said that, here is a simple breakdown of my experience:* Check in was easy and the staff, although definitely lacking any kind of enthusiasm, seemed helpful. Do not expect them to smile, nor to make you feel welcome. They did accomodate an early check-in which was nice.* We had two rooms (there was 4 of us). One on the 20th floor, one on the 23rd. Both facing the strip. The 20th floor room had a window which opened and that was nice. The 23rd floor room had a balcony which was locked. I did call the front desk and asked if the balcony can be opened, but was told in a cold and, by no means, courteous or apologetic manner - "No they don't! (silence)"...Hm, definitely lacking any kind of customer service skills - it wouldn't have killed her if she had said: "Sorry, but unfortunately our balconies are locked due to problems we had in the past."* The rooms were nice in a modern, simple way but it seems that the housekeeping staff has given up on cleaning - one of them has soap scum on the glass shower shelf (yuck), the dishes in the kitchen were dirty, there was a white (milk, cream, semen?) stain on the side of the couch, cigarrette burns on the night stand (although the "tower is non-smoking" per hotel staff - I will touch on that later)...The other room was a little cleaner, but at one point the A/C started blowing out huge dust-bunnnies/flakes, the sofa table was missing and the cabinet that's under the TV has some unidentifiable, hardened stains all over it - gross!* The mini-fridge is a nice touch, but in both rooms the ice-maker was not working, but interestingly they both had a few ice cubes in there, as if they just dump some in there to make it look like they are functioning. Had to call for ice, which did come prompty (but it was mid afternoon).* The staff claims that the hotel towe is non-smoking, yet there ae ashtrays on every floot at the elevators and there are always cigarrette butts in them. Not to mention the stench of cigs in the hallway. They do charge $150 for smoking in your room per the countract you sign at check-in. Again, this must be a direct result of the type of crowd that stays here.* The $14.95 internet connection fee per day, per device is obsene!* Also, fees....resort & some other fee, but they give you a $15 drink credit per room per day (which is not even 2 drinks, but whatever...)* The price for the room, condsidering that it's supposed to be "luxury" was reasonable, but when you get there (at least, this was my experience) you regret not spending the extra $100-150 and staying at the Wynn or Encore...If I am paying anything more that $100/night, I expect more from both the staff and the property that Palms Place had to offer.  Let me put it in prespective - Loft by W is waaaaaaay better...and it's considered a budget hotel...Overall, I did not have high expectation since I know the hotel is more of a party hotel, but I did expect a bit more of the amenities and staff. But, in retrospect, I can understand why they are the way they are...The property has a chance to bounce back one day, but if you are looking for a classy experience or you are with family - stay away from here. If you want to party, drink, pick-up guys/girls, drink some more, pop pills or whatever and then just pass out somewhere - then this is the place for you.I personally will never, ever, ever stay here again. It was not horrible, but not my cup of tea. P.S. The elevator music will drive you insane (I think it's meant to do that)...bad enough they take forever..but the music actually will give you brain damage in the am hours when you stolling back after a few drinks...UGH!I also forgot to mention, the sky tube thing, not a big deal, the elevators are just screwed up - they only have three that service 37-56 and three that service L-36. Not enough!
5	Great views great service I love it here one of my favie places ;-)
4	We stayed in a studio suite for St.Patrick's Day weekend. We were able to capitalize on an Expedia 12 Hour sale and booked the room for $99. We felt like we hit the jackpot in regards to price. We were very impressed with the layout of the room. It had everything we could have needed to have full function of the kitchen. The bathroom was worth the stay in itself. It had a jacuzzi tub combined with a rainfall shower. The suite itself was modern and spacious. We stayed at the Vdara the second night and we were disappointed that we did not just reserve the room at Palms place for both nights. The only negative is that it is not located on the strip and we enjoy being right in the middle of everything. I would absolutely stay here again!
3	Holy hell. I paid $189 for a HUGE room with an amazing balcony view, a GINORMOUS fluffy bed with a bajillion pillows, 2 flat screen tvs which never got turned on, a living room, and a full kitchen. There was a strange white stain on the couch so i made sure to stay away from there... The bathroom had a tub with jets, and the shower had jets coming from every direction. Got the best sleep of my life in that room. News flash: the whole tower is non smoking ?!?! Also, the palms place pool is pathetic. small and unremarkable. Tried walking over to the Palms pool but was told it was off season and closed. Lamo.another lame issue i had was when i asked how much it would cost to stay an additional night, i was quoted $89 for the following night. when i checked out via tv screen. I was charged $189 for each night. I called the reservations desk and was told they couldn't help me at this point. gee, thanks. guess i'll be taking my business elsewhere from now on. totally would've given you a five star review and everything, not that anyone cares...
1	NEVER book your stay with the Palms. We arrived at 10:00 pm to check into our room. Then were told by an unfriendly assistant manager that our room was not ready and it would be 20-30 mins before one would be available. Although our check in was at 3:00 pm, they said the maid service was still trying to clean the room an were running behind. Red flag! The lobby was filled with other guests who had been told the same thing. As I looked around I noticed two women who appeared to have settled in and I went over and asked them how long they had been waiting. They said 2 1/2 hours. Obviously, it was not an issue with housekeeping because it doesn't take over 2 hours to clean one room. Instead of admitting they had over booked and then place us in another hotel with some type of discount or complimentary service, they lied and offered no discount or room. After waiting over 30 mins we called and went to another hotel. We had to pay a lot more since we were booking for the same night. When I told the operator of the other hotel what had happened, they said that was common for the Palms hotel and Palms Place. Be smart and never stay here. Horrible service, management, and experience.
2	If you are 25 you might thing this was "glam" but it was loud and the rooms have seen better days.  Fridge didn't work, stains on the pillows, laminate peeling off.Rap music in the elevators 24/7 and the girls staying there look like hookers.
4	Can you say upgrade......This place is beautiful however a little disorganized- but they make up for it with UPGRADES. Huge TVs, Big beds, nice views. You will get a lot of bang for your buck here...
4	Stunning place to stay!! Great prices and love the decor!
4	Okay here is my first review for yelp!!! So we arrived at the palms on a Sunday afternoon , front desk had about 3 people ahead of us , but the lineup went rather quickly . We had booked a room on booking.com and got an awesome deal for 5 nights, so when we checked in , we asked for a complimentary upgrade and  the lady who checked us in gladly typed away for a few minutes and then said " sure no problem ! I'll put you in palms place studio suite complimentary !" we were soooo excited ! The only problem was we got a little lost at all the different elevators to get to our room on the 26th floor!  The elevators that say L56 are the ones that go to all levels . The rooms are beautiful clean , kitchenette is very handy ! Double shower head and jacuzzi tub to die  for ! I give it 4 stars because getting back to your room and to the casino is like a Maze. But overall really cool place !
5	I love Groupon. I also loved staying here. $159 for two nights?! YES.Came during my spring break/Easter weekend. We stayed in the studio suite on the 53rd floor (awesome view of the strip!). Absolutely loved the room.Pros:-spacious-convenient kitchen-super friendly staff-Sunday brunch (mimosas!) -the handful of clubs/lounges within the hotel-iPod dock. helloooo, dance party. -mirrors. mirrors everywhere. Cons: -the sky tube; okay, not the actual sky tube itself, but it was small journey to get from our room to the casino/food court-no ice machine? yes, you can receive two complimentary buckets of ice via room service, but I feel two buckets won't suffice for a whole weekend. good thing there's a fridge. -the pool is all right. I don't mind being off the strip. If you refuse to take a taxi anywhere, you're gonna have a bad time. Needless to say, I'm a fan. In fact, I'm coming again in August for my birthday. WATCH OUT.
4	A few friends and I booked a two bedroom suite here for my bachelor party. There was four of us and we probably could have fit a few more comfortably. There was plenty of living space as well. I didn't like how they sell the two bedroom suite as a two bedroom as they are technically separated. They have the same entrance but then are separated by two different doors, each of which you need a key for. The beds were very comfortable and the bathrooms were very well done with high end fixtures and white marble tile. There is also a kitchenette in one area and a full kitchen in another. Basically everything you need is here and then some.My only complaints really about this place is that it can take awhile to get a taxi. There wasn't any long lines for a taxi when I was there but they don't have taxi's waiting like other hotels do. They have to call for one. I also didn't care for the long walk to the Palm's Casino. It is located in a different building all together. Basically a really long hallway takes you there.Overall this a great place to stay if you're looking to party and don't mind being off the strip a little bit. We didn't. We never even left the property. The casino can get a little dead late in the evening which was surprising. Casino's on the strip are usually packed in the evening. The prices for rooms are very reasonable. Even on weekends. I'll be back I'm sure.
2	2.5The best thing about this hotel is its distance from the affiliated casino. That's especially because the Palms, I guess, is oriented towards the youth? Even more disorienting than the windowless cacophony of slots and table games is a venue where every single person looks like Sleepy Brown, Lil Jon, or Snooki. I guess I also never really realized that for many people, going out means dressing up to look like a mid-range escort. I suppose I went to the wrong college?The staff are pretty bad at this place, with the exception of housekeeping (more on that). Hard to get female bartender attention at nearly empty bar because she's too busy feigning (one hopes) concupiscence for the benefit of the verbally abusive lounge lizard at the end of the bar. In my world, telling a bartender to "get me another fucking beer quickly" results in my being asked to leave the bar. In Las Vegas, apparently, the privilege of indecency rests with the wealthy.The room itself was fine. Being high up in Las Vegas isn't as glamorous as you might expect. My room had a nice view of miles of corrugated metal shed buildings, acres of asphalt parking lots, and some low-end housing developments. The curtains mostly closed, which is an increasing rarity in "nice" hotels (on the apparent premise that "hip" must mean "insomniac"). The bathroom area was pretty elaborate.HOWEVER, lots of dust everywhere, lots of scuff and wear marks, etc. And the room smelled like a DiGiorno pizza when I arrived. So strongly, in fact, that I thought I must be in someone else's room. Normally, this would reflect poorly on housekeeping. When I think about what they're usually subjected to (I was down the hall from an octet of plump Essex lads who, every time I saw them, looked well on the way to defecating in their bathtubs), I think housekeeping does a commendable job here.The fitness center was very nice. The spa was OK. Again, Las Vegas is the sort of place where drunk people will use the sauna and paste cucumber slices on the sauna wall. And the Palms is the sort of place where cleaning is done by triage, and cucumbers glued to the sauna wall is way down the list of exigent crises. I did enjoy the baths and hammam, or whatever, because I always do. But they could certainly do better.
4	This review is for the Palms Place Pool only.The pool is absolutely beautiful. There were plenty of pool chairs, a fantastic outdoor fireplace, and two full bars. My boyfriend's company rented out the entire pool area for a private party and it was so nice. The actual pool is very small and there are only a few cabanas wrapped around the pool area. This is nothing compared to Vegas pool/day parties (Rehab, Wet Republic, etc) but it is perfect for private events. The indoor area had lots of seating, a sushi bar, and long tables to layout food. Great interior and exterior space!
2	I decided to stay here for my birthday... spend a little extra money and live lavishly in one bedroom suite... why not?The room itself was cute and very modern, but, all in all, pretty GHET-TO. The walls were all scuffed up and water damaged in the kitchen and near the tub, some of the lights did not work, the wood on the floor was warped/water damaged, the room had several... hidden surprises (like an old, dusty, cobwebbed Yard cup hidden behind the curtains,) the balcony does not open, the couch and rugs had questionable stains/frayed cushions, and the room smelled similar to a hamster cage.The bed was super comfie, the soaking tub was sexy, and the view I had was nice. It was convenient to have a kitchen, but we weren't even able to get to the store to fill up the fridge without a car. The Palms Place pool was pretty chill (dead compared to hotels on the strip) and there weren't very many tanning chairs available, so just take one from the "Reserved" area.It was kind of a hassle to have to walk back and forth in the long tunnel just to get food or to gamble.Overall, I wanted to LOVE this place, but the icing on the cake was that the elevators are WONKY as hell. I was actually stuck in the elevator for several minutes (it blacked out and no buttons would light up) and the elevator wouldn't accept our room keys more often than not. Later, an alarm went off warning us to evactuate the hotel b/c of an emergency. I called the front desk to ask if this was true and how to escape, but they told me to ignore it, it was just a drill. THANKS FOR THE FOREWARNING... not! I took her advice and ignored it. I stepped out to ask the maid a question not long afterwards and was LOCKED out of my room b/c of this "drill". I was LIVID.I'm disappointed in Adrienne Maloof and the Maloof Brothers... maybe the Palms hotel is nicer and pays closer attention to detail, but I'll never find out.To be fair, I spoke with a manager on duty who apologized and gave me a $70 drink credit... but $70 buys maybe 4 drinks in Las Vegas so don't take that offer.The shuttle to the strip was a nice offer but it makes ZERO sense why they wouldn't have it pick up the patrons on the Palms Place side.Overall, WHAAAAAACK
4	I've done staycations in one-bedroom suites here, and I've partied in penthouses, it's a great choice for either. The decor is stylish, the upkeep is well-maintained, and there are few better places in town to raise a glass than on a high-floor balcony on the east side of the building, facing the Strip.The pool is relaxed and the cabanas feature lower minimums than the more fast-paced pools and dayclubs. Their F&B is top notch too, between the classy Rojo Lounge and the remarkable Simon (which I Yelped at five stars).A nice thing about Palms Place is that it's not as douchey as the hotel/casino to which it is attached. I feel like the Palms crowd is out-of-touch clueless tools who take their every cultural cue from MTV, but Palms Place is better.Never mind the fact that when I first checked in here at like 3 in the afternoon, there was a chick passed out on the floor in front of her door, right next to mine. I'm going to consider that the exception to the rule.
1	Yuck!  Yuck!  Yuck!Why? One reason.  It was dirty.  They don't have a 'clean up staff' and if they do, they didn't do a good job.The room itself was large and the windows were big. But look closer and there were handprints on the window....dirt on the floor...and in the gym...I saw a piece of a rotting carrot on the side of the machine I was riding over THREE days.  No one ever cleaned up. At the elevator, on one of two buttons you push to go up or down from my floor...it had some sort of 'spooge' on it.  (this is Vegas..it could be anything). (so I didn't look that closely) but what I did notice was that the 'whatever it was' sat there for THREE days. The elevator button plate was silver/metal and was so clear as day to anyone with a mop, broom or dust rag...to see, wipe or clean.  Nope.  All that made me do was notice just how 'dirty' the place was.  Again.  The "Place" building where I stayed was built less than 10 years ago and from the surface it looked okay- it looked good.  But look closer....you won't want to look again.If they pay staff to upkeep the cleaning details...they need to be fired yesterday. EVERYWHERE I looked, in the restrooms, the bars, the pool.  Same thing.  Dirt. Dirty. I was afraid to touch anything.  No one has wiped anything down in days, weeks...Years?  I don't want to know or find out.  I'm sure the staff there know how bad it is too...as upon check in there were three people behind the desk.  No one of them was smiling.  Horrible first impression.  When our turn was next, I wasn't even greeted with a smile.  And...well..it wasn't even a snobby attitude.  It was an "I hate my job...this place is horrible...and I don't want to be working here" type of non-smile. So why then would you want to spend $ and stay there?We stayed off the strip because we wanted to have a bigger room with more 'peace' and all we found was filth.So sad.  It could be such a wonderful place.   Smile at the customers....they have a choice of where to stay in Vegas....a few smiles and making customers feel important and anyone would come back in a heartbeat...oh wait...only if they take care of that 'spooge.'  (to this day I can still see it clear as day!)  And I'm not even that freaky about things like this. It was just that obvious.So if you have a choice to stay in Vegas, avoid Palms Palace.  Or if you don't have a choice, bring hand sanitizer or gloves.  And don't touch anything.
5	We stayed here in May for my boyfriends birthday.  I've stayed at the Palms before (average) and several strip hotels but never the Place.  AMAZING VALUE!! For 100 bucks a night we has a full kitchen, beautiful bathroom with a tv and jacuzzi tub, two 42 in flat screens and a sectional.  The room was sleek and modern and had the best bed ive ever slept on.  Oh let's not forget about the balcony that looked at the strip!  I saw some reviews said theirs was locked but ours was open and was awesome.  Short walk to the Palms casino but the free shuttle ( tip the driver!!) was so convenient, takes you right to Caesars!  Even of you don't want to wait, a cab ride to the Bellagio is only 7 bucks.  This efficiency room was amazing and I can't wait to stay here again!!
4	I went here in March and I was very pleased with my stay here.I went with a big group of people and we booked two suites right next to each other. Unfortunately, they over booked the hotel and upgraded us to the penthouse. My god, I have never stayed in such a nice room. Talk about feeling like a rock star! There were 4 bedrooms, 3 decked out showers, a hottub, and a wrap around balcony! We had around 25 people and although there were not enough beds for everyone there was still enough places to sleep. There were hella couches and they even gave us roll in beds. The place came with a kitchen and renting utensils was only $20. We were able to cook meals there and eat at a huge dining room table. The showers alone were one of the highlights of my trip. They were the kind of showers that had multiple shower heads for different directions. I also like the bedrooms with the electronic curtains. I am quite thankful for room service because our place was a mess. The only downfall about staying at the palms is that it is not on the strip. A Taxi cost about $10, but there is a new Earl of Sandwich opening at the Palms!!!!! TOTAL MAKES IT WORTH IT!
4	Really great value. Close enough to the strip, but nice enough not to be right next to it. Really close to several grocery stores and banks, which is really convenient since the room has a fridge and stove set up in it and if you don't really feel like paying the ridiculous atm fees on the strip.The Palms resort is very nice and well maintained, although being off the strip there is much less choice for eating when it gets too late at night (4 am and the only thing open was McDonald's.) The studio suite, although being the bottom tier room at the Palms Place, is very nice if you compare it to rooms of comparable price on the Strip. The bathroom was definitely the selling point for me when it came to booking the room. Marble countertops, a television, and the shower/tub room which was really nice with the separate shower and jetted tub. Couch with built in chaise. 2 LCD tvs. This is kind of weird because it is all in one room and there are 2 TVs side by side.  Bad/Strange Points:Although my favorite part of the room was the shower/tub room, it seems like the place where the movable showerhead was mounted could have been a little bit better, because the natural spot that the showerhead liked to sit at shot the water out of the shower room and all over the rest of the bathroom floor. Now this wasn't really that much of a problem to me because of the fact that we were at a hotel and there were unlimited towels (solution: THROW ALL THE TOWELS ON THE FLOOR). Non-smoking hotel.Balcony not available to resort guests: meaning that it's only available to the owner of the room (the rooms at Palms Place are technically condos).-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------SIDE NOTE:Somebody pulled the fire alarm while we were in our rooms, this was scary because our room was at the end of the row and we had double doors that closed us off from the main hallway. At this time it was right when my friend was leaving our room and headed to the elevators. The doors closed on her in the area where the elevators were and she freaked out cause she thought she broke the whole place when she hit the down button. After running around opening big ass heavy doors, I finally retrieve her and we go down the stairs. So I escort her  down and when I try to get back in, I'm locked out again. So I try the elevator to the spa area to see if there is another elevator I can take which is working. So now I'm stuck in the area where the spa is. So quickly, I find the nearest evacuation map and end up running through the back employee area to another stairwell. I finally made it to my floor and ran across to the complete opposite side.I'm sorry if you read this completely irrelevant to anything story.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The Palms Place is a nice place to stay.
4	Great deal on LivingSocial.  Two weekend nights or three weekdays for $320.  check out this link....http://livingsocial.com/deals/47135?ref=personalized-link-box-12124151&rpi=12124151really good place.  I stayed there a few weeks ago and am going to go again with this deal.
4	Palms Place Pool review only.Was recommended to come to this pool to relax (was told the other pool has a party vibe)Rented a cabana and had a $100 pool credit. The staff was friendly and attentive. The hostess brought cups & bucket of ice right away. The cabana was stocked with soda & water in the small fridge. We ordered more bottles of water, virgin daquiri, bbq chicken sliders & wrap. The piped in music was ok. Mostly club music. The pool was not over-crowded. Steady stream of people would come & go. Mixed crowd of 20-somethings & some older couples & I think a couple of families with kids. We stayed about 6 hours. While my friends laid in the sun most of the time, I went into the cabana & lounged & watched some TV. It was very relaxing. The L-shaped pool was inviting too. The only downside is it takes a while to get to from the other side of the Palms casino. Had to take 2 elevators & 2 moving walkways...phew! haha
5	Came here on a Groupon, it was a really good deal. Two nights (in this case Mon and Tues night), 4 of the 2 for 1 drink tickets for their lounge (which was awesome, see separate review for Rojo Lounge), and two Ghostbar passes for each night. The check in was easy, plus we had arrived around 9am and they were able to get us into a room which was awesome since we were so tired from the drive from SoCal. The front desk staff was thorough, and able to place us on the 53rd floor which I loved. The room was excellent, a Studio Suite with king bed, pull out sofa, two flat screens (plus one in the bathroom), and modern type decor throughout. Every staff member we encountered at this hotel was friendly and easy to talk to...very glad I stayed here and will be coming back and recommending it as well!
1	I got this as a mystery pick on Jetsetter. They claimed it was a 4.5 star hotel. I think that is not even close. More like 2.5 stars tops.This hotel is horrible. The place opened in 2008 and in a relatively short time it has become long on the tooth. TV remote was empty of battery, stains on the wall, ripped furniture, and bathtub caulk mildewed and missing. The front desk answered promptly then put me on forever hold. When I complained to the assistant manager, Tamara, I got sent up a plate of sweaty cheese and some grapes. Nobody that works there seems to care. The only bright spots were the nice bartender in the restaurant by the pool, The manager of the pool area who set us up with a nice cabana, and the two massage therapists (Erin and Stephen) were awesome.I guess the best comment was from our 16 year veteran cabbie who remarked when we left the Cosmopolitan to go back to the Palms Place. "Funny I used to pick up people in droves to play at the Palms Place...now everyone leaves there to go play elsewhere".A terrible disappointment!
1	I stayed at Palms Place this past weekend with 3 of my buddies.  We paid $1,900 for 2 bedroom, 2.5 baths for 2 nights.  First off, we got there at 8am and asked to check in early.  I totally understand that rooms aren't always available that early.  I was advised that they would call my cell once a room is available.  The front desk clerk advised me that check out time is at 11, and that I should not receive a call much later than that.  I called them every hour and they kept insisting that no room was available.  They even mentioned verbally that their official check-in time is 4pm (even though on Expedia, it states they list a check-in time of 3pm).  Almost the entire day goes back, and I head back to the front desk at 4pm to demand my room.  After refusing to take no for an answer, they said that it still wasn't ready and that the house keeper was still cleaning half of it., but they offered to let us in to the clean half that was ready.  The person cleaning didn't finish until close to 5pm.  I complained about it but nothing was offered to accommodate us.  Once we actually get to the room (room 18-303), we see how much of a mess it was.  The pillows/cushion on the couches were torn with threads hanging.  There was a broken hanging lamp in the living room that was literally being held together by a piece of plastic that was wrapped around the middle.  The sheets were stained.  When we used the shower in one of the bedrooms, water leaked from the shower into the main room area.We tried to go out on the balcony to enjoy the view, and the doors were locked.  We called down to the front desk to have them unlocked and they advised that it was against their policy to unlock the balcony doors.  I had other friends staying a few floors down in a separate room who's balcony door were unlocked and they were able to use it.Absolutely every party of our trip having to do with Palms Place was a complete disappointment.  I've never felt the urge to write a negative review online, but this experience pushed me over the edge.  Not only will I never go back, I will proactively tell anyone I know of what happened and urge them to not waste their money.
1	I had a similar experience as to Jason B.Palms Place is the biggest piece of shit place on the strip and that says a lot considering how many places their are on the strip.My friends and I paid for a 2,000 sqft suite and we arrive to see that our balcony doors open, our bathroom doesn't lock, and that one of the lights doesn't work. We call to have the bathroom fixed and no one comes by.The next day they accidentally checked us out by mistake despite it saying that we were there for two nights instead of one and wouldn't let us back in to our rooms until we got a hold of the person who's name it was under. Because they made a mistake, we had to pay for it. They also wouldn't clean our room and on Sunday, they told us they would send someone by to clean it and the person never came.There was other things like this that happened but overall it's a real shitty place to stay, off the strip, has lousy management, and you don't get what you pay for.
1	My husband bought a groupon to stay here, and honestly when I saw the cost of it was thinking we could stay at the Paris for 4 days or at Caesar's for 3 days so this must be upscale. We were able to book our reservation one week ahead of our stay without a problem. We checked-in on Wednesday the 13th and got here about 3:30, check-in started at 3 pm. There were three front desk clerks when we came in the lobby, no one else was checking in at the time. They authorize your card for $100 per night for incidentals and charge $20 a day "resort fee" that I'm not sure what exactly is for.We were given a room on the 35th floor. There were three elevators that went up to the 36th floor, at least one that was only 37-58 (and lobby) and I think two more that went to all floors. After waiting about 2-3 minutes the first elevator to show up went to 37-58 which was no help to us so we had to wait for that one to close and leave to push the button again and wait. It was another several minutes before another elevator opened and emptied. On the way up, we stopped on about 7 floors and this would definitely be the experience with every elevator ride since. The elevator music is loud and sounds like it belongs in a night club. The inside of the elevators could use a cleaning, there are mirrors covered in fingerprints and various stuck-on substances. The hallway on 35 is all dark brown coloring and could use some upkeep, it is what I would expect from a decades old hotel. The room itself is nice and spacious, it's a studio suite. There is a kitchenette, two flat screens, king-sized bed, sofa, chair and built-in cabinets/shelving that doubles as a desk area. The cabinets and appliances in the kitchen area are stainless steel which is difficult to keep clean, and always shows fingerprints well. The bathroom is big but could use a fan or something unless you enjoy hearing every bathroom function of your roommate. The sink in the bathroom splatters out toward you to nicely soak your shirt. The canvas style wallpaper in the bathroom was frayed and coming off the walls and the floor had some gross looking brown stains. It was advertised as a four person room with two beds. There was a crappy pull-out that would not be sufficient even for our kids. This room is meant for two. The cabinets/shelving under the two tv's had terrible stains and damage. The carpeting was frayed on the edges. The balcony door is locked. Ice has to be ordered from room service. We ordered a burger and a piece of cheesecake as well and it took about 40 minutes. It was ok but awfully expensive for the quality and portion. We left the room around 11 am to go out for the day. I left my contact lens case next to the sink. When we returned to the hotel around 12:30 am for the night I changed clothes then went to take my contacts out and could not find the case. My husband and I both searched the bathroom and all our bags but never found it. I figured it was just a mistake and the front desk could replace it. I wasn't mad until I talked to the front desk. First I spoke with Brett and explained it was missing and I need to be able to store them overnight and asked if they had a case they could please get to me. He placed me on hold but I thought he was going to help fix the problem from the tone of his voice and indication he would be checking on that. After a very long hold, a woman answered as if I had just called the front desk and not been on hold for 5-6 minutes already. Ok, fine so I explain again what the issue is and she says she can find out who the housekeeper was and I can fill out a security report. I told her all that was fine but I just need a case to store my contacts overnight so I don't have to trash and replace them (expensive!) and don't have to be blind tomorrow. In a very snarky tone she says "well,we don't have anything like that" and I again had to ask her if she was offering me any solution here to which she responded she could transfer me to the gift shop at the Palms to see if they had them. For the life of me I don't understand why she couldn't find that out considering I came prepared with the items I needed and the staff here apparently threw it away. So now I'm expected to get dressed (already in my pj's) and leave my hotel to go across property to the Palms and overpay for a contact case? What a stupid thing to alienate a guest over! I will never stay at this hotel or any other Palms property, possibly any other Maloof property because obviously they are not concerned with guest happiness or enjoyment and allows their staff to create an atmosphere that was less welcoming than going to stay at a cheap motel.I will say one good thing about the valet, it was free and when we asked them to leave our car up front to be watched all night they did it no problem - this is certainly appreciated since we usually keep it garaged.
1	This place is like a hot chick who is pretty on the outside but once she opens her mouth and has major attitude, she is automatically ugly on the inside. I know, weird metaphor but there it is.The rooms are nice, the grounds are attractive, it seems to have everything going for it but then the service, it was terrible. Upon check in, there were 3-4 desk people, they all looked up and then proceeded to ignore us. One put out kid then looked up again and gave us this look that we finally interpreted that he was available. I don't know, but is it too much to say:  "Welcome to the Palms Place, may I help you?" the topper on that was that he was chewing gum. We told him the reservations were under my name but asked for my husbands, then got irritated when he didn't find it so he then said, "I need your wife's I.D." , duh.  Perhaps it was our kids that turned them off, but hey, they are well behaved (fear induced). We get that we are not the demographic group they are aiming at but hell, get over it. Sorry to ruin your image. We were there during the week, it wasn't busy, just be happy you have our money.We got to our room, it was a condo/studio. It was very nice, clean and had a great view. We asked for the balcony to be unlocked and access was denied! Look, I wasn't going to go and bare my saggy mammaries for the city to see, or carelessly dangle my children over the balcony, but no luck. The pool. Well, I figured that we could at least hang out at the pool, but it seems that it was closed down for maintennance due to broken glass. We had reservations for the cabana the next day so we were sort of nervous about that. Next day, pool is still closed, we mention our reservations, we are told a pool supervisor will get back to us. Next day, pool is still closed, we were told about this phantom supervisor again and instead someone else tells us that we will have our reservations granted for the following day. We go to the pool, small but nice, mellow crowd, no one seems to be bothered by my kids. My son cuts his foot on some glass. Great. We spot the ever elusive-pool-supervisor who is constantly texting on his phone. We get his attention and he attempts to apply first aid to my sons foot by squeezing it and of course causing more pain and bleeding, he assures us there is no glass in it. Thank you Dr.-elusive-texting-pool-supervisor! It was a minor cut but was sort of discouraged about not even receiving an apology. So my son, found handfuls of glass (yes, I have a photo to prove it). So Pool Supervisor said that we'll get the engineers out to get the rest of the glass,evidently a ornamental glass figure broke above the pool (I was enlightened) we then alerted him that when a strong wind blew, that a lot of glass could be seen going into the pool but Pool Supervisor ignored us. Our whole stay in Vegas was nice, this didn't set the tone for our trip, but it certainly left an impression on us. We will never be going back and I don't recommend it if service is important to you.
5	This post is actually on behalf of my friend who shall remain anonymous but he's Persian, has a thick mustache, and can't tell the difference between water and Grey Goose.  He's really a hotel connoisseur and he really cares about the quality of everything at the hotel.  He stayed there this past weekend and decided that the carpeting in the hallway, aka outside of the actual room was so incredible that he just decided to sleep there from 3am-6am instead of sleeping in the hotel room.  Please see photo.  5 stars for Palms Place.
2	Really awful first experience here. Bought 3 nights at Palms Place when I figured out it was the Jetsetter "Mystery" hotel. Paid $65/night instead of $159 for a studio suite. The Palms Place tower is a far trek from the casino/restaurants/food court/pool. Allow about 15-20 minutes to get over to the main building, thanks to slow elevators.Check in was a rude awakening. The person was nice, but their policies SUCK! On top of the $22.40/night resort fee that is due upon check out, they charge your card for $100/night up front for "incidentals". And, yes, they charge it immediately. The charge stayed "pending"  for the length of our stay. The person at the front desk said that credit cards get a "hold" for the amount, while debit cards are charged outright and then are refunded upon check out. The resort fee "includes" free wifi, though it was slow and runs on an unsecured network. Thanks, but no thanks. I don't know if the resort fee includes anything else. It wasn't explained to us. EDIT: Apparently, the resort fee includes free drinks? Wasn't mentioned to us!Our room looked impressive at first glance. As we got settled in, we realized it was actually gross. There was water damage on the ceiling above the bed. Neither TV worked. We called downstairs once and they replaced our cable box, but that didn't solve the problem.  The TVs are also broken or locked so that you can't connect your laptop to them. I tried on both screens. My computer recognized that it was connected, but there's no way to change the input on the TV. The light above our couch was missing the knob. When I called to get it fixed, the person at the front desk made a joke that I broke it by partying too hard. Nice try. How about you don't stick people in a broken fucking room? Had to get it repaired at midnight just so we could go to sleep. The bathroom's main light was broken. How did housekeeping miss that? The bathroom also had little piles of hair/debris in the corners. Ick. Worst of all, the dishes and silverware and pots/pans/bowl were left dirty in the cabinet. Dishes had grease on them. The silverware was rusty and crusty. The pot and pan had hair and grains of rice in them. The mixing bowl was smeared with something. Seriously? Did I walk into a Motel 6 by mistake and not notice? Am I being Punkd?For those wondering, Palms Place is not kid-friendly. The TV had none of the usual kid channels. Just Spanish-language channels, some outdoor channel, several tourism channels, MTV, VH1, etc. Very random selection. That is, if you even get a working TV.What was up with the patio door being locked? There was a placard on door saying not to bring furniture out onto the patio, so it's obviously supposed to open. Whatever. It was 100+ degrees during our stay. I wasn't about to leave the air conditioning.Room service was GROSS. Spent $50 on a breakfast sandwich (McDonald's seemed gourmet next to this pitiful thing), french toast (No sides included) and coffee. Room service gets an 18% gratuity charged automatically, plus a $5 "delivery fee". Um, is there any other way to get room service? The point is that it's delivered, geniuses. We also tried a $9 slice of cake and $9 pint of Ben & Jerry's. You read that right. $9 for a pint of ice cream. The cake was disgusting and tiny, of course.This is not a room to share with people you don't want to see naked. The toilet does not have a door. The shower door is completely clear. There is only frosted glass around the tub and you can see through it both ways. As we were leaving, someone came up to take our bags downstairs. He asked if we enjoyed the stay and we said no. He ignored us and offered to have the valet get our car and said he'd put our bags into the car for us while we checked out. We get outside and our car is parked, but our bags are on a luggage cart out where anyone could grab them. We got our key from the valet and loaded our luggage ourselves. Only then did the valet come over and ask if we needed help as we were already inside the car starting the engine. My mom summed the trip up best: "No service. Par for the course at Palms Place."PROS:Very comfortable bed and the bathtub was HUGE with awesome jet action. Other than that, skip this place. I'm really upset that Palms Place would team up with Jetsetter and sell their rooms as "Luxury, AAA 4 Diamond suites" when they obviously planned on giving out their worst rooms. Our relaxing mother-daughter vacation turned out to be a complete disaster.UPDATE 8/10: I contacted Jetsetter and Palms Place and received a full refund of my stay, resort fees and room service charges. I was also offered a two-night stay at the Palms Place.
2	PROS: great fitness center, functional kitchen, big room, comfortable bed, large jacuzzi tub, simple hotel layout, complimentary wifi.CONS: less than welcoming service, peanut skins all over the carpet, disgustingly dirty balcony glass panels, cheap/chipped table tops and shelves, a pool located in a wind tunnel with trash and cigarette butts collecting under chairs, no beets for the beet salad.This place is perfect for college students looking to party on the cheap.  You can pack several people into one room, and the kitchen can save you from paying for over-priced hotel food.If you care about service, quality, or class, I suggest you look elsewhere.
4	I purchased a deal from LivingSocial.com - I thought the suite was nice. The patio door was locked and stated only guests with extended stay get a key!? I thought the restroom could have been cleaner. They do have a mini fridge packed but of course, it's Vegas, so a Vitamin Water was $3. We had a really nice view, I thought the bed was okay and the blankets felt a little dingy. Over all for the 2 nights I was there, it was good. Who goes to Vegas to STAY in the room anyway!They also had a free shuttle that went to the Caesars shopping area. If you ate breakfast there with a FREE pass, the front desk stated you would get charged and refunded- that made no sense. If I got a deal, I would stay here again. I took away a star for the suite not being as clean as it looked!
1	If you want to drive from Los Angeles to spend time in a Section 8 property, good luck to you. Front Desk told me that the rooms are going to be remodeledDon't rent this room out then!!!
2	The wife had purchased a Groupon for a girls trip, but that was cancelled and I convinced her to take me instead. Overal, "Meh" is the best way to describe this place. The clerk at the front desk seemed angry that we interrupted his "me" time when he had to check us in and the store cashier seemed to have vanished or been kidnaped.The place was probably nice when it was built, but it appears they fired all of their maintenance staff several months ago. Broken shower shelf, nasty grout in shower, dirty ring around outside of bathtub, dings and dents on the walls, burn mark on couch cushion, funky smell in room and odd smelling water from the kitchen sink.The main building at the Palms was dead and has a different clientele than I ever seen there before. Overall, I think the whole property has gone downhill and no one seems interested in fixing it. We did find a couple of cool bartenders who totally shared our views, but it was too little, too late.
4	Hubby booked a suite here for our first anniversary. Beautiful studio suite with kitchen and appliances and king size bed, jetted spa tub, rain head shower, two flat screen tvs and the view of the strip! It was great because I HATE paying $6 for a cup of tea, so I was able to go to Trader Joes, buy breakfast stuff, tea, wine and other things and enjoy in the room. The pool was super nice because half of it was shaded by the building, so even though it was 109 degrees outside, it was super nice in the pool. Plus free admission into their club Rain on Fri/Sat and free admission to Ghostbar and Moon on the other nights. Very very nice! Not bad for off the strip.
1	We we drove up they don't have have anyone greet you or help with your luggage when we got to the reception desk they were not friendly or very welmcoming  at all.  Our room was nice but the TV had an ORange glow thru out the main channels i asked for service and he took 4 hours to get there and I was told there was nothing to do that this happnes with "Old" tv's, I asked if he could give us another Tv or another he said "nope, nothing he could do".  I then again called the following day two times and on the third time I asked to speak with the manager who took in my complaint and nothing happened I then left my room after waing almost 7 hours and we were leaving the following morning after 2 days without the ability to enjoy my tv. I went to the manager and asked what happened with my TV and she then said to wait and she was checking for me (they forgot about my complaintt!!!)The manager had a huge "Hickey" on her neck, that was gross and unprofessional, she then said she could switch my room and they did, sadly I only ejoyed our TV for 2 hours.  At check out we never received a "thank you" and the receptionist were different but still not friendly at all, they seemed rather bored.  We had never stayed at the palms and will NOT return, for the price of the rooms I really expected better service or at least a discout for having to endure a good working tv for 2 days.
3	The room was AWESOME...now, we were in an owned corner condo on the 39th floor with access to the balcony. It was truly amazing, the space, the view the amenities.Everything else sucked, the front desk staff were rude and not bright. The concierge is non existent on this side. The maintenance/engineering staff was again not bright. We had to call housekeeping twice and gosh were they slow. Our room was free, so that overrides a lot, but geez, the Plams Property is going down hill.
4	HAd a one bedroom suite - got it for $100 a night. Great deal for a nice room !
3	I will have to agree with most of the reviews on here, this hotel is extremely nice! However, do not let the niceness of it fool you; there are hidden things that seem to come out upon entering this place!Palms place is located across from Palms (they share the same parking lot) the parking garage is off to the side of PP which kind of sucks when you don't want to valet you car and have to lug all your stuff with you.Everything in the lobby is very modern and made me feel like I was in a swanky upstate hotel. For about 5.5 seconds this place rocked! That was until I walked up to the counter and had Chris check me in. See, I got an amazing deal from Hotwire for a couple of night that I could not pass up. Chris was not friendly or welcoming. He took my ID and the card that I reserved our suite on to confirm that I was in their system. He then went on to tell me that they charge a refundable $72.00 a day "suite damage fee" and on top of that they charge a non-refundable resort fee of $22.40 a day just to use their internet/pool and gym... ummmmm.... Yeah, the shock was all over my face but what was a girl to do! I just said okay charge away! Chris then handed me 2 free drink coupons to use at the Rojo lobby  bar or any casino bar on their property, and two wrist bands for the Palms pool party (he went on to say we could only attend  for an hour since the party was ending soon).He then handed me our card key and told me that we were on the 50th floor overlooking the strip (sweet). Minh and I headed to the elevator banks but our friendly desk help neglected to tell us which elevator to take (there were six different ones to take) and yes we got on the wrong one and ended up on the wrong floor..We finally figured it out that we had the private elevators. Elevators are clean and on the large side and they move fast! Our suite was beautiful with wooden floors and marble tile. Our balcony was nice but we could not enjoy it due it being locked and we did not have a key! Our view was indeed of the entire strip! The bathroom was oversized and had a bathtub/rain shower combo. Kitchen had a subzero fridge and above there was a mini bar.Bed was super comfy and oversized too, our A/C was okay, turning it down meant that in the middle of the night we were freezing so we kept it on 70 the whole time! Three large plasma TV's in our suite: One in the living room, in the bedroom and in the bathroom. Had the typical cable channels. Our remote did not work very well, but Minh found an extra one, which worked!The pool area was on the smaller side but was amazing! Plenty of places to sit and catch some rays! The music could have been better, but nonetheless it was do-able! The staff was so much nicer then the desk staff! Your were greeted when you picked up your towel and checked on by the cocktail staff. The pool was nice and cool which made taking a dip in nice! Hours kind of sucked they closed at 7:00pm bar closed at 5:30pm.You can also check out late at this hotel at no addital charge (1:00pm check out). Nevertheless, you will have to go to the desk and check out, which is what I had to do and again deal with another unfriendly staff member! When I asked for a receipt, she just gave me a dirty look and handed it to me. Sorry I like to keep records of what I am being charged for or lack thereof!Would I stay here again, umm that is a good question because I did like our Suite and the pool.. I would have to say for now maybe!
5	I think it a great hotel, the only problem I have it's the housekeeping is a little slow, granted the rooms are bigger then usual. The room are spacious, and the kitchens are fully stock so you could cook if you want, very useful. The place is kept clean and if you want to have a great meal Simon's is just an elevator ride away. If you need to go out or get your money taken away by the penny machines you just need to use the walking tube connected to The Palms casino very convenient. Overall I enjoy staying here, will comeback many more times.
4	My sweetie and I enjoyed a comped weekend staycation here at Palms Place.We had a studio suite which was pretty nice. We also requested a view of the las vegas blvd strip as well as a room on a higher floor level and that is what we got on the 32nd floor! Yay!The rooms have a lot of amenities such as coffee maker, fridge that is open for use on the bottom half and top half is a stocked supply fridge with drinks, chips and candy as well as several mini liquor bottles for purchase. Also a sink, dishwasher top, dining table and chair, dishes, silverware, glasses, liquor glasses and coffee mugs for a setting of four. Even a blender is included, can opener, toaster, pretty much everything you could need in a kitchen. The freezer even makes ice!! Although our ice maker was not turned on so it was not making ice, we called housekeeping and they brought up a huge bucket of Ice that lasted the weekend!I really enjoyed the jumbo jacuzzi bath tub with jets! The separate shower with rain fall shower was nice which included a handheld shower mount as well. The best shower and bath I have ever enjoyed for real! Love Love Love the bathroom, TV installed as well. My only complaint is that the rooms are clean however extremely dusty just as other reviews have made note of. It was clear the room was clean however the dresser and table areas all had a layer of dust clearly visible. The balcony doors do NOT open for "Security" reasons as stated by the front desk. Bummer as it would have been nice to have hung out on the balcony to enjoy our strip view room. Rooms have a king size bed and sleeper sofa in the living room area.Hats off to Housekeeping! We had a bio incident as my sweetie had way too much to drink after playing super hero bartender. He threw up and some unfortunately ended up on the sheets and comforter. I contacted Housekeeping who sent someone up to do the room. Myrna was awesome! She really cleaned the room with a smile and did a great job! Their pool is located on the 6th floor and is only 3 1/2 feet deep, also is only open until 7pm. Why must a pool close so early in the summer? That was really disappointing!!!We will be back for sure! We had a great time enjoying the room!
4	As stated in other reviews these rooms have everything you could ever want. Blender ice maker, Jetted tub, walk in shower, also . Two TVs was a great place to stay. I will say the only real negative was the air condition does not really cool down the large room very well. Great view of the whole strip. The restaurants on the premise are pretty good. Will come back to stay here again for the money you get a lot of extras. Big Down side is a bit off Strip but only a $5 cab ride to Bellagio.
5	Awesome resort great views large room with everything you could want refridgerator ice maker stove microwave dish' 3 TV most confortabel  bed I have ever slept on huge jacuzzi bathtub in bathroom also stand up glass shower totally relaxing you wont want to leave
3	I stayed here back in April. Friday-Sunday. It's a nice hotel and the room had a great view. This is just another building that is part of the Palms. It has no casino and is just used for rooms. We had the two room suite with 3 bathrooms, and 2 full kitchens. The main bathroom had a huge shower. I swear you can fit around 12+ people if thats what you want to do ;) They also have a tub in the middle of the room so you can watch your girl take a bath? lol The place was beautiful but was it worth the $2000?? I'd say yes, but the only major downside is that it's far from the strip. Would I do it again? Probably not since you can get a nice suite for the same price at a nice hotel and be on the strip. Another downside was that you cannot go out onto the patio. They lock all the sliding doors. That was a big downside for me!
5	Viva Las Vegas is a large, fast paced, rockabilly/tattoo/alternative culture show. Big cars, big hair, big personalities.  I love it.  However, after spending 12 hours at the event, I love a comfortable hotel even more. This year, rather than stay on site, I decided to stay just down the street at the Palms. When the front desk offered an upgrade to a Palms Place suite, the answer was a definitive "Hell Yeah"!The room didn't skimp on space, style, or luxury. The king sized bed, large flat screen TV, giant bathtub, and closet space was spot on. The bathroom easily accommodated two or more people with double basins, large vanity and toilet area (with privacy door), and a massive stand up shower with a shower nozzle on each side, plus waterfall shower head in the centre. There was a washer and dryer, and a second washroom in the foyer, and a fully equipped kitchen on site- which meant cold beers, hot coffee were always on hand.The living room was stylish and comfortable, and had everything you could ask for, including another large flat screen TV, fireplace, and a fantastic view of the strip.I'll definitely be back.
4	We like being a bit off the strip at this hotel. The rooms are spectacularly modern and comfortable. We particularly like staying in Palms Place for the more condo feel and just walk over to the main casino at the Palms. We always make a stop at Little Budda inside the casino and have gone to a hilarious comedy show as well.  The pool is cool in that you can rent loungers above the main area that have little mini wading water just steps aside. Super cool.  The deal was good to stay and we liked the chic decor. It's Vegas.
4	Great hotel that offers loft-style rooms for their guests, great eats with a happy hour M-Th 4-7 PM, and a nice bar in the lobby.. Just a short walk away is the Palms Casino so you're near the fun but not submersed in it.. I love that I didn't have to walk through a casino to get through my room and that it's a smoke-free environment.. The prices here are pretty steep but if you have the money or a great connection, the latter in my case, then it's definitely worth the trip.. Celebrities often spend their time at this hotel and I was fortunate enough to run into Floyd Mayweather a.k.a Money Mayweather in the lobby on my way out.. It seemed really surreal to see someone who's often in the news and on TV in real life! Although he plays off this rich and cocky persona, he's actually quite humble in real life and seeing how he holds himself in public really changed my opinion of him.. Even my friends who hate on Mayweather now have respect for him because he's not really how he seems on TV and in the media.. Anyway, back to my review of the actual hotel! I love the staff here because everyone was extremely accommodating during our week long stay.. The housekeeping staff work all throughout the day so you don't ever miss the opportunity to have your room cleaned, and they did a great job getting our room all organized and presentable.. The in-room dining attendants are quick and wait sure you have everything you could possibly need with your meal no matter what the hour.. The valet and taxi clerks greet you daily and make sure you get to where you want to be whether it's via taxi, your personal vehicle, or the Palms Place SUV or Limo.. I love everything about this place, except for the quirky elevators (some only go from the lobby to floor 36, and the others from the lobby to floor 6 then skip to 37+, so if you wanna go from 34 to 38 you either take the stairs or go down to the lobby then into another elevator to go up to 38..) Aside from that I would return to Palms Place for my next stay [:
4	This was my first time at the Palms Place. It was a little difficult finding the driveway. Unlike the Palms, the Palms Place is tucked away in the corner of the parking lot and the drop-off away is completed covered. The check-in was easy. There was no line which got me a little worried. I was given a room on the 52nd floor which has a nice view to the west. The room was nicely furnished with a kitchenette and had 2 flat screen tv's. There was no room service menu and the sliding door to the patio was locked. Picked up my car early the next morning at Valet. Everybody was pleasant and helpful but the vomit on the ground could have been cleaned up. Had early dinner at Simon's and it was a pleasant experience. Palms Place doesn't have all the amenities as the Palms but it also doesn't have a casino so it has a lot less people traffic. The Palms is a short walk away through a covered walkway although there is an  awkward  level change before the Palms. All-in-all I would stay here again even though the Maloofs are ruining the Sacramento Kings
4	I love the view at Ghost Bar and how the bar is on the balcony. The scenery here is beautiful! Definitely have to come see it, even if it's not exactly on the strip. Love that we got VIG passes. If you come get the shots that come with the free drinks for the VIG passes, definitely get the Russian shots w/ a taste of cranberry. It's delicious. :)
5	I had such an enjoyable stay at Palms Place! My husband and I liked that it was off the strip, and not in the middle of all the traffic on the strip. The studio suite was amazing! We will definitely stay there next time.
2	Completed disappointed with my stay here :( I bought a LivingSocial deal here for the weekend. At first I was amazed because it looked swanky but it went downhill quickly. We got to the room and we found that a bunch of lights were not working. We requested an extra comforter or blanket and never got it (and we had to request it again). The sink handle completely came out of the wall it was mounted into and there was even a power outage and everyone was stranded because the elevators didn't work. Ugh, I would not come back here.
3	We booked a deal through Groupon.  The process was very easy, the staff treated us well, no big complaints. The room was alright.  Our bed was extremely comfortable and we had a great view (with an opening patio door).  We enjoyed our time by the pool and the time we spent at the resort.  They even have a shuttle running every 20 minutes to the strip until 8:00 p.m. which was super convenient for us. I gave Palms Place three stars because it's not a four or five star hotel.  The furniture in the rooms was definitely Ikea-grade, there was some chipped pressboard and loose caulk around our tub.  It was very clean, but not well maintained.  Also the buffet that came with our deal wasn't anything great.  It was better than having to go to McDonalds but only slightly. We would stay here again if we got a great deal, but I think next time we'll try to stay on the strip.
5	Part of The Palms this boutique hotel within The Palms is very welcoming. Exclusive without being pretentious or snobby. The pool was much less wild than the main pool at the Palms (I mean that as a good thing. A great place to stay if you want the unbridled wildness of The Palms, but also at some point want to get some sleep.  Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	The only drawback to this hotel - it's not on the strip.  Otherwise, I LOVED it.The Palms Place is completely remodeled.  You feel like you're walking into a W hotel or something of the like.  It's sleek, modern and hip.  The rooms are suites - they have a ton of windows, full kitchens and large bathrooms (with big tubs).  The beds are so comfortable and there are even 2 TV's in the room.The Palm Place is connected to the Palms by a skywalk.  It's a 60 second walk to all the restaurants and casino in the Palms but, there is not a casino in the Palms Place.  I loved that fact because you felt like you were in a little oasis away from the craziness, over-stimulated world of the casino. But a 60 second walk and you were there.  The restaurants in both the Palms Place and the Palms were fabulous.  In fact, you really didn't need to leave the hotel but a cab ride to the strip is just a few bucks.  The gym and spa were beautiful and had all the equipment you could ever need.I would DEFINITELY stay at the Palms Place again.
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets! Plush room - free upgrade. Casino and spa on site. Short trip to the strip. 2 pools - 1 low key and the other more social. Only good things to say...
5	Very nice classy hotel.  Stayed in a suite here and was super duper impressed.  Nice kitchen with induction stove.  Super cute bathtub that you can look out the floor to ceiling windows at the strip.  Comfy bed.  Lots of room.  Very clean and modern.
4	Really snobby staff but the rooms and amenities are all fantastic. Love the modern design and that it's really peaceful feeling during the day but if you want to party just pop down the air conditioned escalators to the Palms Casino and you're right in it! They always have great groupon deals so keep your eyes peeled, you'll never want to stay anywhere else. :-)
5	AMAZING hotel. Came here a while back but forgotten to do a review, we had gotten a room that was right next to PAULY D. which closest to the side. Unforunately we didn't get the room with a balcony in which we wanted. We got a one room with a full sized living room and kitchen. The Bedroom came with two different restrooms(similar to his&her) the shower hedges were amazing, they come from everyside.. I mean EVERY-SINGLE-SIDE OF THE STAND UP SHOWER. It was KIND of annoying to constantly see the workers for PAULY D'S show. (At least thats what they said) We had to go up and down the elevators, and when we did, again we encounter them and his staaff with a computer. The rooms are amazing, We got the full view of Rios.. wasn't so interesting. Con:far away from the Strip, not far but not walkable distance(my boyfriend and I) walked from Ballys to  Palms.
3	For a couple of nights in Vegas, this  place isn't half bad if you don't mind commuting to the Strip and back. Those cabs will definitely add up if you're taking multiple trips. I found the room to be OK. Nothing over the top but nothing really offensive either. The room was clean. The mini bar was nicely stocked. It had a nice sitting room. Overall, not a really high end feel. It's really strange how their patio doors are all locked. Even on the low floors. Power in the entire hotel went out at one point for an hour and a half. Not even the elevators worked. Awesome. I ended up oversleeping my nappy hour alarm. Late for dinner. Boo. I thought their pool was a bonus. They have a lot of chairs, it's not overcrowded and the people who work there are fantastic. Overall, I'd say it's just A-OK. It's chill but not a place you'll want to stay if you're actually going to be hanging out on the strip a lot.
5	Holy cowwwww. This place was unreal. SO much fun. So nice. So cool.Checked in Saturday night to just get wrecked. Checked in with the valet immediately and everything was going smoothly. Got inside, checked in and headed up to our floor, 53 (even though there are not 53 floors). Walked into the room and my jaw dropped further than my pants. Insanely nice. It was like an apartment, but why sexier than the dump of an apartment I have back in LA. Kitchen, amazing view, MASSIVE bed, pull out couch, desk, chairs, and the most amazing bathroom I have ever seen. Also, two fridges. Christ. We started boozin' hard, hit the sky tube toward the Palms pool, and got even more wrecked there. The room had amazing AC and the pull out couch was also awesome. Staff also checked on us twice, which was great. LOVE this place. PROS: So fun.-Super nice-Modern-Sexy-Great staff-Great service-Great room-Great valetCONS: Bit spendy, but it's Vegas. -Boutique shop in lobby is a joke. hahaOverall, cannot wait to go back!!!Cheers, Sean
4	Stayed here for a friend's birthday so I have no idea how much it cost, but I think it was pretty reasonable.  Only drawback is that it's not "on" the strip, good news is that it's super easy to get a cab and about a  $10 cab ride to the closest strip hotels (Bellagio, Cesars etc.)I like how there is no casino to walk through to get to your room,  and the elevators to the rooms are super quick. If you want to gamble it's just a short walk over to the Palms (sky bridge or through the parking lot).  Sports book at the Palm is legit too so it's kind of a best of both worlds type of thing in my opinion. Rooms were very modern and clean, nice kitchenette with real glassware for pre-game cocktails. Would def. check this place out again but let's be real, price is the determining factor when booking hotel rooms in Vegas, for the most part everything in this category is mostly the same.
2	Ahh geez.  It actually pains me to write this review.  I say that because the first time we stayed here, it was AWESOME.  Yet, they have somehow showed me how one hotel can provide you with the best and worst experiences within a 6-month span.Friday night - We experienced that AC in all its glory, which would've been nice had Vegas been hot, but it was 50-degrees outside, so we wanted heat.  Heater not only didn't work, but we constantly got the "I'll get someone up there right now:"  Nothing.Saturday - Still no one comes to fix the heater.  But here's the kicker: we got the turndown service, and they were SO close to doing great, but the tub was dirty.  Let's qualify this: we used it earlier in the day, so we know it was clean to begin with.  It was clean when we left (to the best of our knowledge), but then we come back to soak our feet, and there's dirt clods in the tub.  WTF!?  Had to complain in-person before being compensated at all for this.Sunday - Water is out.  Really???  Called down, spoke with the manager, found out a pipe broke (OK can't truly complain about this one, sh*t happens), got comped again and accommodated with a later checkout.So in all, they were polite, and they TRIED.  But it was awful.  They lacked consistency throughout the different staff I talked to; some knew how to handle it, some didn't know what was even happening, some wanted to help, and others were more blah about it.  To be clear, all the great amenities that you see on these other reviews are ALL TRUE; this place has all the potential to have the greatest value for your hard-earned buck.  I'm just saying that they're also a great example of how easily it could go the other way, because THIS stay sucked @$$.
5	This is my favorite hotel I have stayed at in Vegas so far. I haven't stayed at any of the very high end hotels on the strip besides Trump, but for being off the strip, this hotel was awesome. The rooms were so cool with the modern design and large size. I really liked the room and also the fact that it was not connected to the casino part of the Palms, so you don't have to deal with all the smoke. I will definitely stay here again in the future.
4	I came to the bar in this tower when an out of town friend is by. always the same friendly staff. No complaints. Would definitely come back for a nice place to meet up to catch up.
4	We didn't get to check into our suite till 10 in the evening! I have never experienced something like this, so the review is somewhere between 3 stars to 4 stars.., but still I decided to give 4 stars, cause I just loved the suite a little too much....and they gave us $50 credit, late check out until 4 in the afternoon. Sexy modern contemporary style, super spacious one bedroom suite, lots of mirrors and closets in living room and bedroom. I could put all my luggages in closets, I had lots of clothes and shoes, the beauty station in the middle of the closets was great, it made it a lot easier for me to get ready each night before I went out! Very smart design! Loved the floor to ceiling windows in both living room and bed room!Very comfy king bed, in room safe, spacious bathroom and shower, the shower was amazing, there were 3 showers in there, a big one in the middle, 2 small ones on each side, perfect for sexy couple shower. The tub in bedroom was so nice! Big jet tub, I had bubble bath party with sexy ladies each night, with the beautiful views? It was heaven..... :) Full kitchen with everything in there, full size fridge and fully stocked mini bar, all kitchen ware, it is great for long term vacation rental. I just loved the fireplace in living room, it was a very cold weekend, the fireplace helped a lot to keep us warm. This suite was perfect for throwing after parties, we had people over each night, had so much fun! I ordered room service each night, one time was for 2 bottles of champagne and orange juice only, the juice was freshly squeezed, so yummy, but $28 for OJ was still a bit pricey...The service was not good the first night we were there, they didn't give us the large towels we requested, housekeeping didn't come to clean either, had to call a few times to complain. After my complaint, everything became great, fast and friendly service until we checked out. Bill for 3 nights stay was $1500 for that weekend. Overall I loved our 3 nights stay at the palms place, loved the smoking and casino free environment. There was a sky tube to walk to The palms for more restaurants and nightclubs. Really a great hotel choice for sexy & romantic weekend getaways.
2	When we checked-in it was 7 p.m. on Friday and  the valet stood there as we loaded the bell cart with our luggage (I'm sorry aren't you supposed to help?).  Then, once we got all of our room keys none of them worked so we could not get into the room.  The bell let us in fortunately (very very nice guy named Jeff).  But once we were in, one of the two TV's in our studio suite was not working (it was on and it was just showing static/snow) the other one was just not turning on.  THEN the bathtub jets/hot tub were not working.  Which was really disappointing because we went out of our way to get bubble bath so my kids could take a bubble bath.  Yeah, that didn't happen.  Meanwhile, the front desk said engineering was coming in "5 minutes" - 20 minutes later no one was there...so I called.....they said they'll be up in 5 minutes.......... and waived the resort fee for the day.  THEN we called room service because basically if we left our room we would not be able to get BACK in and they put us on hold for another 10 minutes before we could place our order.  Honestly we were really happy with the Studio Suite.  But, huge problem - things were broken!  The bathtub in the 1-Bedroom Suite we had a complimentary upgrade  to is weird.   The living room of the 1-Bedroom Suite is really really spacious.  The fireplace is nice.  But, the plastic faux wood countertop in the kitchen has a cigarette burn on it and really, housekeeping isn't all that diligent.  The light switches have dirt in the cracks and it's a bit dusty all over.  There have been electrical issues with this place so far - things not working, circuits not working, the washer dryer unit not working....There are a TOO MANY things that need to be taken care of that are basic maintenance issues.  I cannot without guilty conscience recommend this place without the premise that you will be STRESSED out or having to call the front desk CONSTANTLY to fix broken things.  Oh and we're still waiting for them to be fixed by the way....
1	In spite of my fantastic stay a few years ago, Palms Place has really gone down hill over the years. We stayed earlier this month for two nights (Studio; Room #23319), and boy was I disappointed!Customer Service: -Checked in, go upstairs, open door, find stranger sleeping in our room. Seriously Palms?!-Front desk gave us all the room numbers we had booked for a group booking (requested all the rooms to be on the same floor.) When people began checking in, they were issued rooms on different floors even though the front desk promised to hold those rooms for us.-Compensation for the mix up in our group booking? Manager comes out to say we can upgrade to a penthouse only if we gave up all three of our 2 bedrooms and one studio AND pay an additional $$$ (can't even remember what the amount was because it was a ridiculous amount and by this time I was so mad that I was seeing red because of their horrible customer service!)Room:-Two televisions, however only one worked-Broken light-The thing to plug the bathtub so that we can fill it up, didn't work/broken-TV: channels were not clear, static/pixelatedHousekeeping:-So after finding the stranger sleeping in our room (and the front desk asking the person to leave due to a mistake on their part), I had requested that the sheets be changed. (Sorry but I am not getting in between the sheets of a bed that has been slept by a total stranger.) We went out and came back to find the bed sheets not changed....Don't book this hotel!
5	I've stayed here a few times, and I'm getting ready to head back in a few weeks. Initially, I stayed in a 1 BR suite, which was quite nice. At something like 1100 square feet, these very affordable suites are bigger than a lot of people's apartments. I liked that there were 2 bathrooms and a kitchen plus a fireplace and an awesome view of the strip from the balcony. The ginormous bathtub in the middle of the master bathroom (looking out on the strip) was a little odd, though.More recently, I stayed in one of the 3300 square foot penthouse rooms (rented through a private party but we checked in through the front desk). It was easily my best hotel experience ever. It was perfect for entertaining a large group, and the balcony hot tub hanging off the side of the building was definitely an experience to remember. You don't hear a lot of people talking about the Palms Place, but the quality of rooms is amazing for the price. It's true that there aren't a lot of restaurants and stuff on-site, but there's a covered (and moving) walkway between the Palms Place and the Palms, so you have easy access to all the restaurants over there. Best part - when you enter the Palms Place, the lobby is quiet and the walk to the elevators is short. If you hate the usual Vegas nonsense of walking through a crowded and smoky casino to get to your room, you'll love the quiet atmosphere of the Palms Place.
5	First thing first, none of the bad reviews are happening with us. We were welcomed with smiles and great service. From the vallet, front desk until concierge. Then we went to our one bed room suite.... Boy its amazing! The decor and ambient are beyond believe! We have our own fire place, a spacious king bed and extra queen bed. The bathroom was clean and very modern look, full kitchen and our in room washer and dryer!!! Its really more than we paid for. We cant really wait for our next trip and for sure we'll stay in palm place hotel. Oh yes did i forget to mention an awe of 38th floor view to the city of lights?!!
4	After much debate and obsession, I ended up choosing Palms Place as the hotel to take my son to Vegas for his 21st birthday.  He thought we were spending the whole week in San Diego (took him there for a Chargers game), and got very excited when I finally told him we were going to Vegas.  I did manage to keep the hotel a secret until we actually pulled up to the valet.  I chose Palms Place based on reviews and videos on youtube.  Based on the "wow" factor when we walked into the room, I would have to say I chose wisely.Check in was swift, informative, and pleasant.  Matt was a great ambassador for Palms Place, making us, and especially my son, feel very welcome and special.  After talking to him about how and why we ended up at Palms Place, Matt said as a 21st birthday gift, he had upgraded us to a higher floor and strip view.  Granted, the hotel was not busy, but the gesture was greatly appreciated and made a fabulous room even better.  Ended up scoring a corner suite on the 28th floor.I booked the 1 bedroom suite, which is HUGE.  These are "condos" that were offered for sale at one point, but now are rented out as rooms.  This place had everything:  full kitchen with state of the art appliances, living room w/fireplace, fold out sleeper sofa, tv, desk, easy chairs, and awesome lighting, washer/dryer, 1/2 bath, full bath with dual sinks and HUGE 3 head shower, and king size bedroom with flat screen tv, lots of storage, big jacuzzi tub, and a balcony overlooking the strip.  This is the kind of room you almost feel bad leaving because it is just so damn nice.  The strip view was amazing, and at night it was even better.There is a motorized, enclosed walkway from the Palms Place hotel area to the Palms Casino area.  The casino was never overly busy and in my humble opinion one of the nicer, cleaner, and modern casinos in Vegas.  Not a huge gambler, but the slots at the Palms were loose and had some good promos with the player's club.  I'm not sure if I'm allowed to quote the rate I paid for this room, so I will just say that I got an INCREDIBLE deal and it also included a $25 food/bev credit.  Sure, we could have stayed on the Strip for cheaper, but I have NO regrets over my choice.  I am sure the week before Christmas was the biggest factor in getting such a great deal and also the reason we didn't have crowds to deal with.  We loved the location, the atmosphere, the amenities, and the service.To sum things up, if you want a great room with awesome extras and don't mind staying off the strip, Palms Place is ideal for you.  If you want the hustle and bustle of the strip and all you want the room for is somewhere to crash, I would advise staying elsewhere, but remember, "you get what you pay for".P.S.  There is a "resort fee", but if you have done your homework, you already know that and it won't make a difference on choosing to stay here.
5	Another great time at the Palms Place, the room was great and the front desk really great to work with. We didn't have a single problem with our stay, plus I love going over to the Palms and playing some slots. I haven't experienced dining yet at this hotel but I have dined many times at the various restaurants at the Palms and they were all awesome. Great hotel, will stay at again next time I'm in town!!! :)
3	Booked a suite here with a few friends for NYE 2013. Overall, I was pretty satisfied with this decision.Well, in the end, at least. Upon entering the suite, we noticed a bag of trash and some litter on the floor. This was pretty disappointing since we were paying top dollar for the room and deserved better service. Fortunately, the front desk staff apologized and compensated us with a $100 food voucher. Still, there's no excuse for something like this to happen.Aside from the trash mishap, we enjoyed what the suite had to offer. The main features included the following:-Full kitchen with stove, microwave, dishwasher, kitchenware, fridge, freezer, counter-Large sectional couch with a pull-out bed-2 big-screen plasma televisions-Fire place (that actually worked!)-King-size bed-Bath-tub near the living room (Ballin'!)-Powder Room-Full bathroom (shower had water coming out of 3 sources)-Giant vanity table-2 full-size closetsOur room also had a beautiful view of the Las Vegas strip and surrounding areas.A few minor complaints about the suite and Palms Place:1. It took at least four tries before the front desk staff answered our call. MIA much?2. No ice machines in the halls = inconvenient3. Slow service. We called to request trash pickup and additional ice. Took a LONG time.4. One of the sink knobs broke off after turning it once.
4	I love this place. We have stayed here several times.. It big quite and has everything that you need. Also like the fact that you don't have to go through a Busy casino to get to your beautiful room and the view is amazing.. I just Love it.. I got to say. for some reason the bathtub is always broken.:( But I could deal with just the shower tho.. LOL
5	Great suites and wonderful staff.
5	Where else in Vegas can you get a 1 bdrm suite that comes with a stainless steel kitchen for $250/night during CES?!I loved my room - super sophisticated, very nice upgrades done and it came with a living room and kitchen - all within 600 sq ft but the design made it appear much bigger. B/c its off the strip, the prices are very reasonable and the staff is nice!
5	I spent new year's eve in the Palms.  My friends and I booked the suite at the 23rd level.  We asked at the reception if we could have a room with a view.  we indeed did!  The suite was amazing, kitchen, jacuzzi, double bed, 2 tv's... As the other reviews convey, you have an amazing suite for your money.  I would recommend this hotel and I will definitely book this hotel again.
5	These rooms are awesome.  I can't talk about the $$ since I didn't pay, but they got a large one bedroom suite, and it was beautiful!Tons of space, with a nice separated living area, dining area, full kitchen, master bath and guest bath...lots and lots of space.Everything was nice with dark ebony wood, stainless appliances, washer and dryer, and overall contemporary trendy setup.We also had a party here, and were not bothered once.  No one was overly rowdy, but everything went smoothly, and we all had a great time.We also got into ghostbar and moon for free, just showing the room key on a Saturday night.  Ghostbar was pretty quiet though, but moon was cool.  Another perk for staying here!Check it out!
5	i really like this hotel I booked for a little gateaway with my husband And im in loveeee I really like this place the bed is so confortable friendly staff and also  they always have great deals !!!!  will come back for sureeeeeeeeeeee i just  love it
5	LOVE this place! Stayed here April 2012 and the rooms are gorgeous! Love all of the contemporary touches and clean lines of the rooms.Our room had amazing view of the strip.Lobby is very cool also. I noticed the elevator's robot voice sounds like a very aged, uptight Brit lady. Everytime she said "Going down" in a condescending manner (like she didn't approve of our partying), my whole party would just burst out laughing at her. Ahh, good times...Plus, my friends and I went out to Rain (before it's closure) and made it safely home.Highly recommend this hotel!
5	Who wants to take Crystal on a lovely vacation to the Palms Place?!!! I DO I DO!!! ;)This place is elegant and amazing. I had the pleasure of hanging out with family in their studio suite on the 53rd floor and I couldn't believe how beautiful EVERYTHING was. Equipped with kitchen (stainless steel amenities), stand-in shower, Jet-Jacuzzi, vanity, two closets, one beautiful king size bed (which I should add that four people, one person being 6'4", slept comfortably on for a night), living room area with L shaped couch, coffee table, TWO, let me say it again, TWO! flat screen TVs, and a balcony with a view that is ORGASMIC! I felt like I was on top of world that weekend and would sell my soul to live there forever ;) plus it's right next door to the Palms Hotel so you have access to Casino, clubs, movie theatre, restaurants, and bars! If you're from out of town, local, wanna show your friends how cool you are, and/or need a place to stay- this is the spot and it's worth every expensive dollar :D
4	I stayed here last night for my 1 year wedding anniversary. Chose the 1 bedroom suite. We mainly wanted a big tub. I think the studio has a jacuzzi tub in the bathroom. But this one has this jetted tub by the window so you can enjoy the tub with a nice view. The shower is awesome and huge!  This room is huge! Just to give you an idea, there were 3 separate air conditioning controls. It was kind of difficult to keep the temperature perfect. Separate living room., pretty large stainless kitchen, two bathrooms, huge closets, washer and dryer, fireplace and it even had a little vanity table and chair to do your makeup! The bed was super comfy!I did really like the room. The view was awesome. I had a corner so it's a wrap around balcony which make the view even nicer.  Just be aware that you can not  open the balcony door anymore. I heard it's due to people jumping , not necessarily there but Vegas in general. It's a shame because it would be really nice to go out there. I understand that perhaps Vegas is not the type of town to have a balcony, I am sure it could be depressing losing all your money and being drunk 24-7.What I didn't care for was I had to call because there were no robes in the room. Then I needed ice and the ice machine in the room was not working so I had to call for that. Then there was only 1 shower gel and only 1 shampoo and conditioner. I have a lot of hair. Still they were nice and brought me up a lot and they were friendly so no real big deal. Another nice thing was the use of the gym and spa facilities for the night. You get a pass, I would have liked 2 because I like to go in the morning as well. Perhaps they will give you one if you ask, I didn't so I don't know. I will be back and I definitely recommend it!FYI Those jets in the tub are a little out of control! Be careful!
5	This place is great. Super clean, spacious Suites, friendly staff, great location, great adult crowd no teenagers no foreign tourist or kids :)...You can also walk to the next tower from the inside securely and have access to The Palms clubs, bars casinos etc.
4	Checked in and 2 bedroom suite wasn't going to be ready for another 2 hours, front desk rep gave our group spa passes.  Room was beautiful.  There were problems with the power on our second day so we ran late, management comped us 2 cabanas.  We had a beautiful day poolside followed by dinner at N9NE.  Pj party and Bloody Mary bar on Sunday was amaze.  Spa was beautiful and staff were helpful.  This is the perfect place for a grown woman's vacation in Vegas.
5	My hubby and I stayed at Palms Place from 2/15/13 to 2/19/13 to celebrate our 5th Wedding Anniversary and had such an awesome stay!!! We stayed in a studio suite. The staff delivered a little something special in our room to help celebrate our anniversary!!!The rooms at Palms Place are well equiped and very contemporary in design.  We loved having our own jacuzzi tub in the privacy our own room and especially loved the rain tree from above the shower along with the shower head in front of you. So relaxing! It's nice to have the option of being able to use a microwave and refrigerator as well as a stovetop as well! The room comes equipped with all of those and also a dishwasher for your conveniece.  Our room was perfect and a made for a luxurious quiet getaway from the excitement of the Vegas scene! Thanks to Palms, our 5th anniversary will be one we never will forget! Thank you very much Palms for helping us celebrate our anniversary with awesome service and accomodations! We would love to come back for another stay in the future! You guys are AWESOME!!! :)
4	For the price...I can't complain at all.  The place is pretty clean, they do a good job of making sure they hit your room when you leave...and them blackout shades?  Why...I'm going to get myself a pair of them for home!I'm not really a "gambler"...I've never been to a casino before, and I hate losing money, so one would ask why I was in Vegas (visiting a friend)...in any event, I DID gamble, and I wound up winning the amount of money my entire trip cost me, so thats a bonus if you ask me.  Who doesn't like a free vacation?  The gym here is a joke, though - I've never been to a hotel/resort/whatever the hell you want to call this place where they charge people staying here for the gym.  Plus, $15 dollars for a gym filled with antiquated machines? C'mon now.  They did have it fully stocked with water and towels...but cmon.  The food court had a decent selection of stuff, and they have a giant movie theater.  Who goes to a movie in Vegas?  Well, the locals, I assume, and anyone that spent 16 hours in the casino drinking and playing roulette. Not me, of course, just sayin.ALSO their buffet is friggin worth it.  Sign up for their "casino card" or whatever it is - you dont pay for it - and you get a discount, and the breakfast buffet is worth getting up for.  What else...umm, the dealers were nice, I guess?   Oh - the people working the front desk are a little stupid, when we checked in, we asked for a rollaway cot and they forgot to bring it until we called, and we asked for a late check out and they said "well........we think we're sold out".  Pull yourself together fools, you're not sold out, we'll take that extra hour.  Besides, the toilet overflowed with soap suds last night...not due to us.  Fools.
4	I like this hotel.  It feels more like coming home to your nicely decorated condo than a hotel room.  Valet parking is included in the price, which is about $68 a night on week days.  As you walk in, there is a nice bar to your right and a few attentive customer service reps that check you in very professionally.The elevators are clean, modern, and nicely decorated.  The hallways to the room are covered in shiny brown fabric, and dim modern lighting.  the room is nicely appointed, with a stainless steel mini kitchen, marble bathroom, large jacuzzi tub, and cool lookin rain shower head thingy.  I turned on all the bathroom fixtures and splashed around a bit while watching the flat screen in the bathroom.The room had a beautiful view of the strip as I sat on the clean and modern looking couch that also turns into a queen bed, sipped my wild turkey from the bottle and watched tv on their dual 42" flat screens.You can take the elevator directly down to the pool or to the spa, which features a work out area and Moroccan style hamamm.  There is also a sky bridge from the 6 th floor with a people mover that takes you to the casino, bars, clubs.  There is also a large movie theatre complex inside the Palms casino.  But who has time for movies in Vegas.  I swear, I'm going to come live here for a few weeks next time.
4	We LOVED this hotel! The perfect spot for our annual romantic get-away without our kids!! Our 50th floor room had an incredible panoramic view of the Vegas strip from afar - which is exactly where we wanted to be! We live in Reno, so Casino gambling was not only not on our agenda; it was welcome site to NOT to see any gaming in the lobby of the Palms Place (the large Palms casino is just a short 5-10 min walk via overpass for those who want that kind of action.) Our goal was a relaxing weekend, to see a show, and enjoy the warmth and sunshine. The Palms Place was exactly what the doctor ordered.The price was excellent, giving us *way* more than we would have gotten from similarly priced properties on the strip. Our spacious Studio Suite had ultra-modern furnishings, a large and extremely comfy bed, cozy couch/sitting area overlooking the large picture windows, 2 large flat screen TVs, dual shower heads, jacuzzi bath tub, small flat screen TV in the bathroom, two closets, in-room safe, wifi and wired internet connections, and kitchen complete with refrigerator, ice maker, small stove, sink, dishwasher, silverware, bowls, glasses, coffee maker, blender and more! (We LOVED that we had ice in our room and didn't have to go out in the halls to get it.)We loved the 6th-floor pool, and after reading another review about the over-eager bus boys working poolside, took measures to monitor our towels and drinks (yes - for some odd reason, if you're not paying attention, towels that don't have any personal items on them will be quickly whisked away, along with half-full drinks - so do be aware and watchful this.)The sushi restaurant at the pool was excellent; don't think I've had fresher, better testing sashimi at ocean-front restaurants - however quite pricey, so we only splurged one day. Our one regret is that we didn't make a stop at a grocery store on our way in to stock up our kitchen so we wouldn't have had to pay the exorbitant Vegas dining rates!There are plenty of dining options for the budget conscious at this property. Aside from stocking your room's kitchen, the Palms Casino has a food court with a nice variety of fast food options, from McD's, to even some healthier fares.Word to the wise: jonesin' for a glutenous meal and the Palms buffet has a decen-sized line, take the 10-15 minute walk to the Rio down the street, plus it's a great way to work off part of your meal. We passed on the 90-min wait for the Palms Sunday brunch, and walked right in at the Rio.Would've been nice if our room included use of the larger gym in the Palms Place (that's an extra fee, as it's part of the Spa), however we did get free use of the cardio room in the Palms Hotel next door. A nice touch is each piece of equip has a small complimentary water bottle and towel at it - plus a well stock refrigerator of cold bottles, if one is not enough.More tips ...The Palms Casino runs a free shuttle to the strip every half hour, however it only seats about a dozen people, so get in line at least 10 minutes early for it. They do not offer an airport shuttle. We got the Beltrans shuttle for $16.50 each (roundtrip). This was actually our other regret ... never again ... our full shuttle dropped off at all the strip hotels first, we were the last stop - about 1 1/2 hours AFTER we boarded the shuttle (that was longer than our plane flight!) Our return trip was much quicker, as we got lucky and were the only ones on the bus. We heard cab fare to the airport from the Palms Place is about $22 - definitely worth the few extra dollars ... next time... All in all, the Palms Place was an amazing find - we will be back!
3	The Palm Place is a hotel in a complex or would be condominiums that probably didn't sell during the downturn of the economy back in 2007-8. My husband and I stayed there because of airline miles and it included a rental car which is a must if staying here, because it is far away from the strip. You have to drive everywhere which is fine by me since I've been to Las Vegas for many trips. I like eating meals off the strip due to the expense. We stayed in a studio suite which is nice because it had a mini kitchen. The bed was comfortable and I liked the down feathered pillows they offer with down blanket too. I didn't like the bathroom set up so much because you have to go through the shower to get to the jacuzzi and there wasn't a separate door for the toilet. The toiletries were adequate, but if you stay more than 2 days, you have to ask for more. Most hotels will give you ample supply.The spa is separate from the salon and I wanted a manicure during my stay and the salon was closed without explanation.The pool is small so I don't understand why there were so many cabanas that were reserved and unused. They should have made more room for people to lay out and sun. One consolation is the jacuzzi by the pool was nice.
4	My first stay at the Palms was for my birthday.  This was 3 of the most wonderful days. Rooms and food were excellent. Hotel and Restaurant staffs were equally great.  There was a computer problem that caused an extra charge to my credit card. I spoke with Mary (Restaurant Manager). Mary had made several attempts to call me, but was given a wrong number. When I called back Mary took care of the problem immediately. I am very pleased with Mary's response and quick resolution.  I will stay at the Palms again soon.  This was a wonderful experience.
3	This was my first time visiting Las Vegas, and my boyfriend's second. Both of our first staying here at Palms Place. On first impression pulling up front I noticed the paneling on the front of the building seeming to try to pull off the "retro" look, but actually looking old and rundown. Walking into the lobby there was a group of women waiting to check in and a group of Jersey shore looking guys. We stood there with our luggage for about 10 minutes while the receptionist flirted with said Jersery shore fella. Being exhausted after traveling from the east coast, I made a comment which apparently made her notice us finally. While not impressed thus far, I was relieved to find the room comfortable. My boyfriend was mostly excited by the two tvs in the room, and the small flat screen in the bathroom. To make or break a good room for me, is whether the bathroom passes my standards. It was nice and spacious, the shower gorgeous with the dual shower heads. However when we went to use the tub we noticed some mold in a few of the jets. Also the carpet could've used some vacumming. I think overall the Luxor or some place right on the strip would've been more fitting for my boyfriend and I. Being from NH, sex and club music 24/7 gets a little old by the 3rd day. But that's nobodys fault but mine seeing as the Palms is all about Playboy. Judging by the pictures shown, they definitely make it seem to be a lot more glamorous than it actually is.
5	Very professional staff. Rooms are a lot more quiet than The Palms. My room was next to the elevator and I hardly heard anything. The studio suites are absolutely beautiful. The Internet could have been a little faster...but who comes here to work?!
1	Quite a diappointment :(. The staff was very blaze about any concerns. Very hard to reach the front desk on the phone (on hold for 10 minutes several times). Rooms advertised with balconies, but told that balconies have been locked for years. Most of the immenities in the"adjoining hotel", which is 2 blocks away. Shuttle to strip, but only 2x per hour and 12 people, so full very often.. 15 dollar cab ride otherwise. Pool closes without prior notice. Next time I will definitely be staying elsewhere.
4	For my visit from 2/27/13 - 3/4/13Awesome hotel that I got at an even better price!  Follow the Palms on your favorite social media outlet and keep an eye out for deals!  Timing was right where i got my rooms 50% off.  I was actually going to stay at a different property, but paying $50 a night for a 610 square foot room condo was totally worth it!Palms Place is the quieter more subdued tower at the Palms Resort and Casino.  All the rooms are condos, non-smoking, and is connected to the casino via a SkyTube - about a five-minute walk (there's motorized walkways so it's not too bad).  You could valet park, but there's ample free parking.  I booked their basic studio room - huge!  Came with all the amenities as well - fridge, stove, even pots, pans and utensils!  What I should have done was go to the Einstein Bros Bagel shop next door and bought a whole bunch of bagels to eat for breakfast (oh well).  The bathroom - wow.  Rainfall shower, jetted tub - relaxation in my own room!  The view - amazing.  I could see the enitre strip from my room.  I could even see Downtown!A few gripes that I'm willing to look past:1) Inconsistent room service.  So I noticed that housekeeping comes later in the day and into the evening time.  I'm a morning person, so this kinda threw me off.  Additionally, there was an occasion where housekeeping already came and I was in the room with the do not disturb sign lit.  The person still knocked at my door - good thing I wasn't napping.2) My room wasn't in perfect condition - some of the furniture, upon furher inspection, was dinged up.  But for the price, it was ok.  Overall - if you're looking for an off-strip place to stay at, give Palms Place a try.
5	Spent March Madness in Las Vegas this year and thoroughly enjoyed the Palms Place Hotel.  The suite was worth the price and the time in the hotel was excellent.  Service overall was exceptional and would recommend this place for groups and couples.
4	This was a nice place to stay in Vegas! I love a room that has a fridge and a stove. This makes it easy to store left-overs or even save a couple of bucks prepping your own meal. The rooms are a good size. There are multiple T.V.s. They bathroom has a jacuzzi tub and an awesome waterfall shower. There is also a T.V. in the bathroom to watch while you prep for your night on the town.Room service wasn't awful. The fries were good, the pizzas weren't bad, chicken strips passed for chicken. They put fresh flowers on your tray.One day  their streaming of movies was terrible. Hopefully it was just a fluke.The over-all decor is nice, valet is free, and they have a bar downstairs. I wouldn't say they have the best view in town and they are far from the strip. A great suggestion to them would be to have some sort of shuttle that drives to the strip every so often. I would stay here again.
4	We got this deal merely for sleeping, we weren't looking for entertainment. That is what the strip is for. I got a deal for this hotel for two nights and in total spent $150. I was very satisfied. The hotel itself has everything you need to feel at home and more. One downfall inside the room was that the balcony was not open so we couldn't take in the view. It came with a jacuzzi bathtub and rainfall shower head! The kitchen was a plus although we didn't use it. Check in was quick and easy and so was check out. I wish I would've bought more groupons for this hotel but I didn't know what to expect. I will be back again that's for sure :) also it's like a minute drive down flamingo road to the strip, not bad at all!!! And they have complimentary shuttles to the strip at the Palms to Caesars Palace, research stuff before you complain. It is was a good stay.
3	Rating 3 stars because there were good and bad experiences but I wouldn't prefer to stay there again. We'll start with the good:- Loved the look of the place. Very contemporary. Clean upon first look. No visible hairs.- Bed was comfy. Had extra pillows which was a plus for me.- Plenty of storage and closet space.- Shower was fantastic! No hot water or water pressure issues. - View of the strip at night was spectacular, especially from the penthouse.- Staff was friendly. Check In & Out processes were quick and easy.Now the not so good:- Puke on the bathroom wall near toilet- Spots of questionable origin on the wall near bed and chaise lounge/couch- Hand prints and head print revealed on the shower glass once it steamed up. (It was really, really gross. We all know what goes on in these places, but to actually see it, and know it wasn't cleaned was just sickening.) - Lots of lights overall but the lighting in the bathroom was terrible. It was really difficult to do my makeup and I had to check it in the elevator mirror before I actually left. - Towels were really hard and scratchy.- Elevators were suuuuuuuper sloooooooow. (Even security was complaining.)- Called ahead to valet to have car brought around but it still took 10 minutes once we got downstairs.- "Free" wifi that you pay a $20/day resort fee for and had to log in again every day on every phone/deviceWe were in town for a wedding so there were a lot of people in our group. The regular room we stayed in was big enough for several of us to hang out in without feeling cramped. A member of the wedding party stayed in a penthouse and it was incredible. Spacious. 20 or so people were in there at once and it was still very comfortable. Location wasn't bad even though it was off the strip. About a $10 cab ride to the strip. We had already unpacked and gotten situated and didn't have time to change rooms or else we would have. We just avoided the dirty parts and everything else was alright.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed here and loved it. We got a very affordable suite with the most amazing view of the strip. If your looking for a luxury room at a great price this is the place for you. The bathroom included a jacuzzi tub and rainfall shower. It also had a nice kitchen with lots of supplies. Checking in and out was quick and painless. Booking in advance here saves lots of $$$$. We booked a few months in advance and paid a couple hundred for 4 nights. A couple weeks before our trip the priced increase to over a thousand dollars for the same room, the same nights.
1	This was a terrible experience. I will never go back. -Hotel was dirty and run down-There were garbage bags in the hall next to garbage cans-food in minibar was expired-water pressure in shower was very weak, and hard to get hot water from the shower -the toilet had trouble flushing-Hotel staff was rude and unhelpful. i had a problem, talked to the general manager, who basically said, "too bad, deal with it." -terrible customer service-maid services only came two out of five nights-there was hair and makeup stains on the sheets-to get to the casino, you have to take a rickety old elevator that smells like vomit-absolutely the worst experience i've ever had in Vegas.  I'm very disappointed and will never, ever go back to Palms, even just to gamble.
5	I chose to stay here because the last time I went, I had a friend of a friend staying here and saw the studio suite and liked what I saw - well I booked a studio suite and was upgraded to a one bedroom suite upon arrival.  WOW WOW WOW - I loved this place.  There is a bathtub in the middle of the room.  Washing machine and dryer, full service kichen with dishwasher to boot.  There is a full frig so after a night of inhaling drinks, I had cold water in the frig!  Don't think I will ever stay anywhere else.  Loved the fact that I didn't have to walk through a smokey casino in order to check in or ever for that matter.  No Casino!  Don't get me wrong, I enjoy gambling but not a huge gambler and hate all the smoking everywhere so this was ideal.  The staff was amazing - Valet guys are all really great and awesome photographers - haha.  I'm sure they are used to everyone asking to take a pic of them before they head out.
5	I was lucky enough to book this room though the HotelsTonight app for one night at $75! So I guess my review might be a tad biased since I didn't have to fork up the $1000 ... cause that's just plain insane.Palms Place is a separate building from the actual casino area.. so it's quite a bit of a walk.. and it'll seem even longer if you're wastey-faced. But the rooms are so worth that walk. When I first walked in I ran around the room with my arms out like an airplane and screaming of joy. I'm so mature, I know. This room  is pretty much like a studio apartment. You have full kitchen sink with a stove top next to it and two refrigerators all packed on the side. When you push a table to the side, you'll find your dishwasher. The cabinets are fully stocked with plates and cups of course. The bathroom offers a large jacuzzi to fit two, and a connected shower that offers a handheld shower head, or the 'raining' shower head option. Or if you're just having a sexy party..turn on both! The jacuzzi somewhat protrudes into the room and is bordered by a frosted glass so the ladies (or fellas) can give a little sexy-time show with their silhouette (lol). None of that for me, I just  threw in the shower gel into the jacuzzi, turned the jets on, and had THE BEST bubble bath in my life!!The decor is very modern and chic and bed is ultra comfy. Two TVs on the same wall and one small one in the bathroom. The room is spacious enough to throw pre or after parties... probably could fit at least 15 people or so.I really enjoyed my stay here and only hope I can find an awesome deal again.
5	Palms place provides a great home away from home. The room was everything advertised. Plenty of space, a great kitchenette, and great amenities. Its off strip but not by much. You would probably pay double the price for something 1 mile closer to the strip. Vegas regulars will find this place refreshing. The guest service was excellent and I would have no reservations booking this room again. Standard rooms here are like suites elsewhere. The bathroom is AMAZING!!!
4	probably one of the cheaper places you can find w/a good amt of beds.  we typically book the 2 bedroom suite and the conjoined king suite.  total w/pull out beds is 2 kings, 2 sofa beds, and 2 couch spots.  only downside is, it's super far from the casino...or maybe that's a good thing seeing as how i lost 700+ in 2 sittings.
5	I really enjoyed my stay here! Huge, spacious and modern suites that have a fridge, stove glassware a blender, huge shower bath area with a jacuzzi tub, clean and nice pool and so reasonably priced! Will be back!!
1	If there is a negative 1 for a review i would say it's belooooow negative! This hontel sucks!!!!!!!!  U book a room 3 months earlier and they still cant guarantee u a room! All the staff r making excuses for the looooooong wait! And they have a bitchy attitude and that makes it moreAnnoying!!!!! Do not come toThis hotel. Sp ghetto and the service is the  WORST. WORST of the WORST!!!!!!!!!!
1	Be Forewarned: This is not a luxury hotel. No hot/cold water to take showers in and foul smells!We had a group of people travel from Detroit to meet us for a very special celebration and rented out an expensive high-floor suite.  The suite had two bedrooms, and ours was spectacular.  The view was beautiful and we took a catnap before everyone flew in. That's was where the term "spectacular" ended and our collective nightmare began.  Our other friends entered their room, and it smelled like someone took a dump, left roadkill, or died of vomiting.  After waiting on the phone and being transferred several times, we finally found maintenance, who sent up "fog machines", to clear up the scent.  More and more air scent/fog machines were sent up, but I'm sorry, this foul odor had found it's home - and it was in our penthouse.  There simply was no way to get rid of this.  So, their remedy was to split our group up.  Problem solved, right?  It's getting time to hit the clubs, so we jump in to take showers.  Wait, the cold water doesn't work.  What?  Only hot water?!  We even streaked across to the foul-smelling room to try the vacated showers - same problem.  Again, we called downstairs, on the phone for 45 minutes explaining the situation, problem not fixed.  They decided to comp us $75 TOTAL in spa credit. Really?  Can this place be any cheaper? We rented an expensive high-floor suite, people!When we finally return for the night, low and behold, what can we expect to discover.  Our key cards don't work and we're locked out of our rooms for close to an hour.  At 4AM! in the morning!!!  This time, no comps, no apologies, nothing.  We spent the entire day trying to reach a more senior manager, thinking that this was just poor judgement in lower management.  However, we never received a telephone call back and we discovered he was there the entire day.  But not tomorrow, how convenient.  There was a record of complaints...he could have done something to rectify the situation.  To top it off, our showers still weren't working, even though they had maintenance come throughout the day. We met some of repairmen, and they confessed that this is a problem throughout the entire property, not just our problem.  They can't figure out what the issue is.  At this point, I want to call the Better Business Bureau. How can they be allowed to operate?So in summary, here are the issues, which are big for a "luxury hotel":1) No running water to take showers in, unless you want to get scalded.2) Potentially foul odored rooms3) Key cards that don't work.  (How is this possible in today's age of technology?)4) You know when you've hit rock bottom when maintenance admits there's a problem with the hotel's showers.  5) Most terribly, inexcusable service to rectify issues across the board. If you're feeling lucky in Vegas and want to gamble, then roll the dice and stay at the Palms Place.  You might end up with a functional room, with basic running water and access to your room.  You just *might* have a great experience.For all others who want to save their money, to actually play in the casino, stay somewhere else!UPDATE:  On our last night, I finally received the contact information for the director of hotel operations, who immediately responded to my email and set up a call for 8am right before we were leaving Vegas.  He had not been advised of these problems, which is a problem in itself.  After a 20 minute conversation of confirming the complaints, he offered to help us out any time for future stays and comped our entire room charges.  The bottom line: While it was the least he coud do, I'd rather paid for what I expected. Time means more than money to me, so I was left with a bad taste in my mouth.  I won't be gambling on staying on this place any time soon.
1	Problems: Put us in Palms, unapologetic, said Palms Place was "sold out" (even though I booked it 3+ months in advance, excuse after excuse, had to pull teeth to get back into the rooms I payed for, horrible management, sick joke.I came with a group of friends for my birthday.  The hotel desk clerk told us that our room was "just up the elevator on the right hand side".  After going up the elevator and wandering around, we came back down to ask from help from the security standing by the elevators. He said "Ohhhh, you're in that one.  You need to take the skywalk to the main casino and find the tower there.".  I have stayed at the regular Palms before, so I was thinking this was maybe not right but I'll go with it.  After lugging alllll of our luggage over and searching for the right tower, I opened the room to find that we were actually at the PALMS (not what I booked/payed for).  After calling the front desk and being hung up on FIVE times, I finally spoke with a manager.  She was very unapologetic and said there was nothing she could do because the hotel tower that I booked was SOLD OUT?? Weird because I booked this place THREE months in advance and it was wide open when I booked it.  After me stating my case about 20 times, she said she'd call me back.  About five minutes later she said she miraculously had 3 rooms at the Palms Place on the same floor (ideally what I wanted). She couldn't get us a bellboy, though, to help lug our stuff back, so here we were with tons of bags dragging them back to the other hotel (Notice that at this point we have officially missed the Pool Party we were planning on going to for my birthday) :(.  We finally meet this lady, who tries to only hand us our new keys.  But not so fast....I had to remind her that she and her staff have lead us to missing out on our Pool Party and enjoying the sunshine.  (This was a two hour process).  She said she would comp. the hotel 'fees' ($25/night..seriously..) and I asked to give each of us a free drink voucher because we clearly needed it.  It was like pulling teeth from her to have her do anything nice for us but she did these two things (which ANY NORMAL hotel would do if they made a mistake right away).  WARNING------------The sad part is that this was NOT A MISTAKE.  When I asked how we miraculously got these 3 rooms that I had booked months ago, she basically said that she moved other people to the Palms that have not checked in yet. WTF?!? So, I 'm looking at these poor people standing in the check-in line thinking that they are going to be screwed! She was rude, unapologetic, and most of the staff here was as well.  Thank goodness the rooms are beautiful and the cleaning staff is super nice otherwise I'd give this zero stars (is that possible?!) ;)Long story short, LOOK AT PICTURES OF THE ROOMS before checking in, or the Palms Place will try to screw you and put you at the Palms (and not refund any money except the fees -_-).  In the event that you actually do get screwed, like we did, you need to put on your toughest face and argue your way back to the rooms that you, in fact, did pay for.  Oh PS, after talking with the manager she said she needs to have a "staff meeting" with her staff. LOL! Pretty sure you could care less about your customer satisfaction and that your way of managing runs straight down to your employees. Good luck!!!
3	Stayed here for a bachelorette weekend, late May 2013. As we arrived, no help from the bell desk to get our luggage to the rooms. We were 5 women with the luggage of 5 women! Rooms are okay, spacious with a kitchenette. Serious lack of mirrors though, and the lighting in the bathroom is flat-out terrible. No robes, a balcony you can't access unless you are an owner (apparently it's a condo-hotel), small kitchenette with everything you might need except a working dishwasher (and no regular dish detergent to do the dishes by hand). Pool area is pretty small with very little shade -- we spent most days at the Palms pool. While at the Palms you might feel like you are "in the middle of it", we definitely felt "off-strip" at Palms Place -- not a good thing for a bachelorette group. Overall a decent deal (we booked through JetSetter), but next time I'll go back to the Wynn for the service and ambiance.
4	This place is great, especially for the price we paid ($96) a night and that included the $20 resort fee.  We had a studio suite which had an amazing view.  The room was equipped with a large jacuzzi tub, rain fall shower, king size bed and a fully stocked kitchen.  The only reason I'm not giving this hotel 5 stars is because the room isn't the cleanest. Maybe the dark decor, stainless steel, mirrors may require a better cleaning approach.   The dishes in the cupboard, magnifying mirror and television (in the bathroom) had a ton of dust on them.  The rug in the sitting area also had stains on it, stains I'm sure that could have come up if cleaned.  Would I stay here again,...ABSOLUTELY!  I'm sure they will visit yelp and check out what their guests are saying and will improve in this area.Last but not lease, you need a car if you decide to stay here, the strip isn't in walking distance.  We attempted it but ended up walking over to Rio and catching the shuttle to Harrah's for some night time adventure.
1	I was out in Vegas for a business trip and decided to stay at the palms place since it looked very nice in the pictures and I've read some good reviews about the place.  I stayed in the single bedroom suite. There were a bunch of things broken in my room. To start off one side of the television not working properly and on top of that the wall lamp in that general area had a broken switch. So I had insufficient lighting while i was working and a crappy half working television.  What really got me was the towel.  There was a towel on my rack on the inside fold that had blood stained cover all over it.  This is definitely the last time I will be staying at this place.
3	This place is both amazing and lacking at the same time, which is why I have to give it 3 stars.I was here for an event that was being held in The Palms Pearl Theater.  Palms Place is connected to The Palms, but it is quite a walk anyway.The good:Nice studios with full kitchen, living room and bedroom set up. Spa bathroom with jacuzzi tub and rain shower. Great views. The bad:Oddly the towels were small and scratchy. I am very particular about bedding and towels, so I found that really unacceptable. Also, if you want to hit the strip regularly - you will need to factor in cab rides both ways for about 17 bucks a pop.
2	Serious housekeeping issues.  Incredibly rude front desk staff and housekeeping staff.Confrontational, really.   They do not want repeat business here.  So unwelcoming, unfriendly, and unaccommodating.But I loved the decor and style of our room and that there was no casino to walk through, calm pool area.
2	I booked this hotel via JetSetter. We were very disappointed. I spent the whole trip telling my husband I TOTALLY dropped the balll by booking this. I actually considered trying to get my money back and checking into another hotel once I saw our room. Where to begin... first of all, the room had a funky smell. It smelled like fried food. It appears that a previous guest fried something in the mini kitchen and it left a heavy smell in the room. No matter how much body splash i sprayed throughout the room, there was no getting rid of this smell. This brings me to my other huge complaint, it was dirty. You can tell that all housekeeping does is switch out your towels and bed sheets and that's it. The floors and furniture were covered in a layer of dust. This is probably why it is impossible to get the smell of fried food out.... because they dont clean anything. I also sat on the couch and it was full of crumbs, as if someone had been eating there and housekeeping never bothered to vacuum. Cleanliness in a hotel room is huge for me. It really is a shame because if they actually up kept the room, it would be very nice, which is the only reason I did give this 2 stars. It was spacious, has the mini kitchen, and a spacious bathroom with a jet tub which you step out of and right into the shower. It also has a beautiful view of the strip, with a balcony (although you cant use the balcony so it might as well not be there). They also did get some brownie points with us because we said we were on our honeymoon and they sent a bottle of champagne, chocolate covered strawberries, fruit and water bottles. Although, this was after I called and complained about the smelly dirty room so i'm not sure if they usually do this. In addition to all of this, the Palms is not what it used to be. It is now actually kind of ghetto. There were many groups of kids who seem barely old enough to drink staying in the hotel and yelling and screaming. And for the record we are 26, so we aren't exactly old ourselves. Bottom line, yes it's cheap, but it's not worth saving yourself the money. You also need to consider that it's about a $10-$15 cab ride away from the strip depending on traffic so you will spend at least $25 a day in cab fares. I would have preferred a smaller, CLEAN room on the strip, even if it was more expensive, than this. I went with my husband. The ONLY case where I can see this possibly being a good option is if you are going to vegas on a budget with a group of friends with the intention of partying the whole time and you need a cheap spacious place that fits your whole group to crash in. Otherwise I strongly recommend staying somewhere else.
5	Best place in Vegas on getting a spacious and luxurious suite.  The price is unbeatable when it comes to what the room has to offer you.  Service is Excellent and their buffet is awesome!  Also if you have a player's card it is so affordable.
2	Pros:Nice bathroom and large jetted tub.They did bring up an additional blanket and shampoo quickly when we asked.Cons:  Plan on walking through tube alotPlan on paying for taxisPlan on getting charged a $22.50 resort charge per day.  I complained about the resort charge and eventually got them to refund the charge.  I would never stay somewhere off the strip again.  It was a blunder on my part and I didn't factor in all the extra expenses of staying somewhere off the strip.  The buffet was dingy and had old food.  You could taste the staleness.  I also got a little sick after eating there.  The free wi-fi is only for speeds of 256k - that's just too slow.  They'll charge you extra for a reasonable speed.  The hotel is already expensive enough, this is blatant gouging.Maintenance:  I stayed there 3 days.  There was a light with a burned out bulb.  I reported it to 2 different people on the front desk and it was never replaced during my stay there.
5	Whoa. After spending a weekend here for my boy's bachelor party, I have to say Palms Place is gonna be my hotel of choice anytime I go to Vegas. While there are a couple of quirks, there is PLENTY to love about it.First, the 1-bedroom suite we stayed in was excellent for the price ($419 a night) and was able to accommodate 6 people. The suite itself was sleek - stainless steel kitchen island w/sink, freezer & fridge. The couch pulls out into a queen-size bed and the king bed in the master bedroom was comfy. TVs in both the bedroom and living room. Oh, and course the view of the strip is breathtaking. Also, you've got not one but two bathrooms in the suite. When you've got six guys in one space, that's essential. Next up, the staff. The people that keep Palms Place running couldn't be nicer. Along with a few extra room keys, they hooked us up with an ample supply of 2-for-1 drink coupons for any bar in the casino as well as the Rojo Lounge (the hotel bar downstairs). I used one to knock a couple back while the rest of the bachelor party drove to the hotel. We also got bracelets for the pool each day we were there. Now, a few pro-tips. While the mini-bar is convenient, make the effort to walk across the street to either the gas station (for mixers) or the Gold Coast Casino liquor store (for booze). You'll save a few bucks. Also, the SkyTube is a good walk from the hotel to the casino, so plan on wearing comfortable sneakers (and bring a drink with you). Finally, I see people saying that you get nickel-and-dimed here because you drop money on hotel fees, cabs to and from the Strip, etc. All I can say to this is: if you're penny-pinching in Vegas while on vacation, you should've planned better. So, anyways...Palms Place. Yes. All kinds of yes. Stay there & make the most of your Vegas trip. See ya at the Rojo!
4	I'd give it 5 stars except it had a foul odor in the bathroom that was just disgusting. The room on the other hand was outstanding & sexy! Everything you could desire in LV was located on property. You may have had to walk but it was all contained on premisses. There were so many options & I would return
5	I just returned from a weekend at the Palms Place and I can't say enough great things about it. I was worried after reading some reviews that it was dirty and the staff was rude but I didn't have those complaints at all! The check in staff were all soooo nice and polite . The room is really great- we had a penthouse one night and a one bedroom suite for the rest. I have stayed in a lot of penthouses in Vegas and this by far was the best. For people who complain about the walk to the casino- it's seriously no big deal- five min walk at the most. All of the other large hotels take that long to get to the casino anyways. I would  recommend this over most hotels in Vegas. Thanks Palms Place!!!
4	We've stayed here twice now, and have always been impressed by the rooms here for the amount they're charging to stay, even including the resort fee (which is getting to be more and more typical on the strip as well). PROS:Everything in the room is stunning.Bathrooms were clean and well stocked with supplies.Housekeeping is fast and efficient.Fridge/Freezer is half decent (which is honestly a luxury in a hotel room).The view (if you get one) is nice if you look past the parking lot.CONS:Resort fee includes WiFi that is essentially worthless.Last time, valet broke my key out of the shaft and I'm still bitter about that even after they reimbursed me for the replacement. Towels were awful. Possible the worst I've ever touched.During our staycations, we don't like the hustle and bustle of staying on the strip- usually, getting to the car (even at valet) is a hassle, but here once you take the elevator down, you're 30 steps to the valet stand. When I got to the room, I noticed the shower hook was broken and had my guy let them know when he checked in and it was fixed by the time we got back from dinner- I was impressed. The only thing that really gets me here are the towels (all the other linens are fine) but somehow they've managed to pick out the smallest, scratchiest, awful towels in the world and buy all of them because I've never experienced towels that bad in all of my hotel stays, ever.Have confidence staying here, but BYOT.
4	We got into the place for less than it would cost to stay at the RIO.   It was much nicer too.  There were 6 of us (2 adults and 4 small kids).  We got 2 rooms and once there we upgraded for 50 bucks more.   We ended up with1800 square feet, 2 full kitchens (state of the art), floor to ceiling windows with great views....Pros:Clean, up-to-date features and amenities, great staff, comfy bedsCons:Both rooms were missing items (remotes, dish towels, glasses).  2 phones in one of the rooms only worked on speakerphone.  Some things were falling apart (strips around shower to keep water in) and beautiful jacuzzi tub did not work.  The did player was missing the cables so it didn't work for the kids the first night.We brought up the issues to the manager and she waived the resort fees.  All in all was a great experience and we will return!
2	My stay at Palms Place got off to a bad start when the front desk insisted that I was booked at the Palms, and not Palms Place. I should have assumed that this would happen when booking through Hotwire's secret rate, but the description mentioned being west of the strip and suites, both of which point to Palms Place.After showing the concierge my reservation (which clearly states Palms Place) and speaking to a manager, I went up to my room on the 21st floor. On first look, the room was great. 600 square feet of what Palms bills as "luxury living." Upon closer examination however, things were not so great. A previous customer apparently broke the bathroom lock, as its housing was sitting halfway out of the door. The coffee table in the living area was missing, apparently broken from the same rowdy crowd that broke the bathroom door. Also, the toilet would not flush properly, unable to take a single square of toilet paper to its destination. I called the front desk and was moved to a similar room on the 17th floor. Sadly, that room suffered similar problems ... not enough to make it unlivable, but just enough to question why Palms Place is considered a 4.5 star hotel. Glasses were missing from the cupboards, marble floors broken, wood veneers scratched off, lights were burnt out, and the toilet flushing problem persisted.And that 20 dollar resort fee ... among other things it provides you with internet access for one device per room per day ...All in all, I wasn't too pleased. And the discount through Hotwire, when compared to the regular price for rooms on off-peak weekdays (which is when we traveled) was not the huge savings it claimed to be. I doubt I will be returning.
5	Alright so lets review my stay here.  I stayed here around October of 2012 and boy can I tell you I really liked it a lot. I first want to start off by saying that I was able to get this deal on Groupon. It was about $300 for a three-night stay on a weekend...Yes you heard that right it was on a weekend. Typically if you didn't go through Groupon it would be almost double that. So the price I can't really complain about because I ended up getting a pretty sweet deal. The only bad thing about this hotel is the parking. You're kind of squished in this tiny parking space that's meant to be for palms place, but you can also park in the main parking garage that is shared with the other palms casino. I didn't like parking their cause there was really no entrance for the palms place that way. So we check in and the guy was really nice to us and gave us this super sick view on th 50th floor. We checked in there and it was a studio suite. There was also a balcony there, but due to the hotels policy we weren't able to go outside. Other than that it was really nice there was two TV's right next to each other lol so go figure why they have and let me tell you something the bed that was there was so comfy. The whole style of the place was actually really nice and it didn't look outdated like most hotels do. Overall the stay here was actually very nice. The price was just right for a weekend in Vegas and also the views were pretty good. We ended up getting a view looking at the strip. (Tipping the person checking you in can go a long way) and be kind to everyone also cause they will try their best to definitely help you out the best way that they can.
4	Staffs are very friendly, came here after seeing a youtube intro of their rooms. Their rooms are nice for a reason considering paying almost $200 per night off strip(labor day weekend). The rooms are more like a condo instead of a hotel room, which is a nice thing. By that, i mean, the room is big, they have a full size kitchen with microwave, empty refrig, and stove. Jacuzzi is a plus, especially in summer. Now its the cons, They do not have slippers, bathrobe, and not even tooth brush and paste. Yes, No tooth brush and tooth paste! I drove to the closest CVS in middle of the night.
4	Stayed at the Penthouse it's amazing! Came for a quarter century bday and it gave us enough space to have fun for a group of twenty. The only thing was we wished it got complimentary cleaning considering how much you pay for it.
2	So I really like the room but ... The bathroom door is broken. The floor boards are ripped off.. The WiFi isn't working and I had to spend 20 minutes on the phone with the hospitality line..so much for paying the $20 resort fee. Pool closes at 6pm.  :0(.   Its the little things that add up And ruin the experience..  Oh and the front desk and concierge are rude and have no personality at all...
2	The rooms are very trendy/modern. Great tub with jets and shower has lovely water pressure. No casino inside which is great because I have asthma, so no smoking.The customer service was awful. When I walked up to the front desk to check in I felt like I interrupted a personal conversation, sorry just trying to get my room key.  NO balcony access in your room because people in the past threw stuff off it. Cassandra during check out was great, she was informative and patient while checking our Jetsetter account.I loved the design, and the pool was laid back. Some kids but not too many. Mostly people 23-36. But due to poor costumer service and our friends getting $130.00 stolen from their room, I wouldn't recommend or stay here again. There are other options near/on the strip that are friendly and asthma-friendly.
2	I'm currently staying in Palms Place until Monday for a concert and am not pleased. For a hotel that charges average (a little more than average) I'd at least like an average room. First impression of the room is quite nice. It looks modern and is nicely laid out. Then you notice all the little messed up things. Like the dent in the wall, the button that falls  off the radio if you touch it, the threads sticking out of the sofa, the iron whose cord doesnt work properly, the fact you can't open the sliding door. There's also the bathroom door that is really hard to close before it bangs. Which has woken both my sister and I in surprise. The only redeeming quality is the bathroom which is nice.Those are just the problem with the room. The hotel itself is another problem. I'm sure Palms Casino is a lot nicer but Palms Place is dreary. The atmosphere when you walk into the lobby is a bit depressing. The workers seem all business. There's no ice machine so we had to request it. It took more than an hour for it to get to our room.On the walk back to the hotel from palms casino at 7pm we realized the hotel had basically shut down. All the moving walkways were stopped. we had to wait 10 minutes for i think the only elevator running. We thought the power was out and we'd have to take the stairs (25 flights!) Thankfully one finally crawled down.Worst is the one device for slow internet per day or you get charged huge fees. It should at least be two! At least half the guests must travel in multiples! Thats with a $20 resort fee!
5	Loved the hotel! We got the studio suite and for 5 nights for a really good deal. AND we didn't book through any third party sites. Booked straight from their website. Moving on, the room was a perfect size for us both. Bed was comfortable, the kitchen included all the utensils, ceiling shower, two closets and in one of them, there was a safe for any valuables. The lady who checked us in did tell us that the mini fridge was weight sensitive so if we took anything off even we didn't use it, we'd be charge - which was good to know. Two flat screens in the room! Even though the balcony was locked, the view made up for it :) Keep in mind that this hotel is more farther from the strip than say... Rio? But if you're trying to stay away from the noise and chaos, this place is perfect. If it's 4AM, and you're drunk and starving, the hotel is connected to the palms which has 24/7 cafe. We didn't really have much interaction with the staff - mostly cause we didn't need anything. But when we did, they were very pleasant and helpful.We will be coming back here on our next visit. Maybe book a bigger suite? :)
5	This place deserves 5 stars!!!We stayed in the suite here on a Wednesday night.PROS: 600 sq ft suite             $99 a night (plus a $22 fee for wifi and such and a $50 deposit)             The food from room service was pretty good.             Their house red wine was amazing             They give you a decent amount of coupons too;]comes with a kitchen, living room, tons of closet space, washer and dryer,                        huge bathroom, huge shower (3 shower heads) two bathroom sinks, windows around the whole place, nicely decorated, fireplace (yes it does get cold in vegas!), jacuzzi style bathtub with a living room TV view.CONS: Could have been a little cleaner (there was a broken FAKE finger nail on the floor and the windows had tons of smudges on them.)The maid service also knocked on our door an hour before the 11am check out to make sure that we were checking out on time...kind of annoying.  All in all we really enjoyed our stay here.
5	Great value, clean, comfortable beds. Staff friendly and accommodating. Will defiantly stay here again.
5	I had room 26303 in the Palms Place Tower.  One bedroom, two bathrooms.  Got the upgrade from a regular room for $50.00 extra a day.The good - OMG.  an AMAZING space.  Incredibly clean, spacious, well appointed, well maintained and the VIEW of the strip was unending.  I felt PIMPISH just turning on the fireplace (not needed, but luxe to have on while having your Morning Coffee and Review of Regretful Behavior when you wake up) I even used the bathub and i NEVER bathe in hotels, this one looked sparkling clean...did I mention a full kitchen (no oven) all the flatware / settings / glassware needed... full sized fridge and dishwasher... just everything...  the whole space was absolutely flawless... Except,....the bad - OMG... there was this SMELL when you walked in... it took me my entire stay to locate where it was coming from... and i found it... the garbage disposal... it was FOUL... two days of febreeze and scented sprays and just working around it... on the last day, i washed all my cups and then turned on the disposal, the odor became unbearable for a second then went away almost entirely.... if the PP management reads this, please ask your staff to run the disposal after check out, it may solve some of these "smell" issues I keep reading aboutThe ugly - nothing.  absolutly nothing.  i was delighted by the entire stay and I cannot remember the last time I left Vegas feeling delighted.  I cannot WAIT to return, and i hope 26303 is available for me!!!  and by the way, the staff, from housekeeping to front desk was stellar.  zero complaints, my sincere thanks to all of them for ensuring the greatness of my stay.I'll be back!
5	I had a studio suite and loved it. It was very nice and well worth the price. The shower is dope and the view is great.
4	We stayed here for a bachelorette party during Labor Day weekend.  We were 9 people in total, and wanted to be able to stay pretty much in a large suite without spending a fortune.  Palms Place suited that bill nicely.While we'd originally booked a 2-bedroom suite and adjoining room, at check-in we upgraded to a penthouse suite and added a couple roll-away beds so we could all be in 1 room.  Best decision we ever made, as it was only a couple hundred bucks more per night (split 9 ways, natch).  Unfortunately for both us and the Palms Place staff, there were TONS of issues with the first suite they put us in.  A couple girls got locked the master bath on at least 3 separate occasions, the hot tub on the balcony didn't work, the fireplace didn't work, and we didn't have an ice maker, just to name a few.  After several unsuccessful repairs, the staff relented and relocated us to a bigger suite one level up for our last night.  Then they gave us a hard time about getting additional roll-away beds so everyone had a place to sleep, which was unfortunate.While the problems with the rooms led to a less-than-ideal experience, we were all quite thrilled to be staying in a couple awesome suites, with a hot tub overlooking the Strip.  Not too shabby, all things considered.While on future Vegas trips, I might opt to stay closer to the action, if ever I needed a single room for 6+ people and didn't want to spend a fortune, Palms Place would be it.
5	5 star "mini suite" rooms (kitchenette, plush amenities, multiple tv's, larger than expected shower/tub and balenced decor/ambiance) at 3 star prices!
4	The rooms are awesome looking. They're like swanky little studios that you wish were your own living space. My friends and I got a pretty sweet deal on Hotel Tonight.I was really disappointed that the ice machine wasn't working. We also tried to call the front desk a few times and no one ever answered. It just rang forever. All in all, not a big deal, we were serviced fine in person. I'd stay here again.
5	Awesome place!! Loved the Rojo lounge bar and the tall bartender with the great rack. Speaking of rack they even have a pool table in this bar and no stupid gambling machines!  And the drink prices are cheap compared to everywhere else we went!
3	Great rate off the internet and was very impressed with the room. Full kitchenette with a dishwasher and 2 televisions and even a tv in the bathroom. A few problems tho, lights burned out in the bathroom and also that the shower handle fell off when turning on the shower. Was very disappointed that the balcony was LOCKED "for security reasons" and they wouldn't let us use the balcony on the room that was book. The hotel advertises "balconies" on their rooms, but we were not allowed to go out. Thought that was weird.Pool was small, but heated. Housekeeping knocked on the door and tried to get into the room 30 min before checkout, good thing I had it bolted as I was in my towel. I answered the door and told her the "do not disturb light" was "on" and I would be checking out on time in 30 minutes. She said "just checking". Someone could have called to check I thought. Valet parking was difficult as the drive thru was 1 lane, so we just always self parked. No casino at Palms Place, just a short covered walk to the Palms to play in the casino.
4	The rooms were very nice and very roomy. I'm not a big fan of The Palms or its casino, but the value is undeniable.The staff was welcoming and helpful. It's a little bit of a chore getting there from the main Palms entrance but the rooms were definitely worth the trip. Large living room area, a large bathroom with a nice bathtub, a full kitchen, and 3 TVs, all for $52?! (On a Monday) Only one balcony of our three rooms was unlocked though.
5	One of the nicer places I have stayed. The rooms were very clean, And very comfortable. We stay here every year when we go to the International Consumer Electronics Show. Internet speed is very fast, Just make sure you add that in to your room.. Otherwise its an additional fee when you get there.. Housekeeping every day, And an In room safe if you dont feel like trusting your electronics with them. The only downside is the balcony's did not open. Great view of Las Vegas, and more secluded away from the palms Casino. One of my favorites.
4	Came here twice before for birthday bashes. The place always looks so nice and amazing..until the next morning. (Sorry to housekeeping).I love the modern feel and trendy look to the rooms and furniture included. Both times my friends got pretty awesome suites with great views, lots of space and amenities, and of course a hot tub on the balcony. It's impressed me both times and the staff is pretty accommodating. I know of people who actually live in Palms Place,  and I would definitely not mind living here.
5	Modern design, roomy with high ceilings. Well furnished. Two TVs.  Internet included in resort fee ($20) is very slow so don't count on it.  It's somewhat away from the strip so you will need a car or take taxi.  Overall recommended to stay if you have transportation
4	Here are my famous bottom line Pros and Cons bullets (vs narrative babbling some others do ;)Pros - Fantastic Views almost no matter which way you face (of course higher the better)Great location - close to the strip yet a bit off so not as noisy and congestedCool Modern Feel and lookNot part of a smoke infested loud stinky casino. A Hotel by itselfGreat suites with balconies and kitchen - a rarityFree shuttle to the Forum Shops (The Center of the Strip)Cons - Cleaning is substandardWorkout room is not included and is a $15 per day per person rip off
1	Do no stay here if you intend on taking a cab anywhere!  I waited 20 minutes on multiple occasions for a taxi when there was no line because they do not come there. The last one caused me to miss my flight cause I had to wait so long. The place looks cool 10 years ago but is run down and smells funny now. This morning I woke up to a strange sewer smell permeating through out my room.  This place could use a face lift.
3	First time here--- lobby smells good. Clean. Dislike the dark lighting which is everywhere. Room is nice except we asked for two beds & they don't even have them so my teen had to sleep on the hard couch. The pull out sofa bed was worse. Nice mini fridge, mini bar, ice, kitchenette, big bathroom. Decent view from 9 th floor. Very quiet! Blackout curtains are great.Room service fast & food was great!Valets- most very nice, fast & helpful. One rude one today who said I parked in the wrong lane which is news to me after 4 days here.Housekeeping- lacking! Called at 4 for robes. Nothing. Had to call again at 9 for them & then they came right away.Bell service- we waited over an hour for our luggage to be brought up. Not ok when we had to be somewhere. Food over at the palms pretty ok. Buffet & the 24/7 place. Kind of a trek to walk but it's ok. Happy that the patio door is locked shut with my busy 1 yr old!
4	This off the strip hotel is great if you don't mind taking a cab. The suites are gorgeous. I wanted to move in whenever I stepped in. It isn't attached to the main casino so no heavy cigarettes smell. The smaller suites are fully decked out with a full kitchen. I could easily live here for a week. I could make breakfast if I'm ever compelled to. The larger suites are nice too. OMG. I wanted my apartment to look like it. I loved the large bathtub.I didn't get to use it but I did see a girl pass out in it during a party :xThe pool is kinda small and there's no free gym. There is free wifi but only one person can register for it. They're kinda picky like that.Honestly, if you're in Vegas- you're here for fun. This hotel is perfect for what you need it for - sleep and drinks (there are specials in the bar downstairs).
2	Beautiful rooms. And that's all. Problems - bathrooms are virtually see-thru, not good when traveling in groups. Toilet pressure is very low. Balcony was closed off. Called to ask about balcony and was on hold for more than 5 minsTemp control is not digital. Poor lighting. Don't mind the resort fee, but the Internet connection is ancient. I travel a lot but this hotel seems to be cutting corners.
4	Stayed here between 12/26-12/28. Nice hotel with a few problems associated with aging hotels, and it is a bit off the strip. The room was excellent. My friends and I stayed at a studio suite, and it was a great room: two televisions, a queen pullout bed, a king bed, single bathroom, stocked fridge (you have to pay if you want any of the items), a fridge below that for your goods, an electric stove, a blender, the full works! It's a great room. There were a few things that were associated with general usage of the room like the lock on the bathroom door was a bit jammed and the television was slow when switching channels. Wifi was a bit slow, but works fine.My biggest problem with the Palms Place is that it is disconnected with the casino and parking. It is a big annoyance and takes about 10-15 minutes to walk from the hotel to the casino. If you don't mind walking (time to walk off the buffet!!!), then it should be fine.Bill Tip: There is a free shuttle that goes from the Palms Casino to Caesars Palace every 30 minutes until 8pm. Take advantage of this!Bill Tip #2: Depending on your location, a cab ride from the strip to the Palms Place would be between 12-18.
5	Fun for a weekend getaway. Concierge is always helpful with almost anything you need.
4	I live in Las Vegas stayed here 2x! My last stay was for New Years. The room was great hallways were quiet.. Very good valet and staff.. Very easy to. CAB it!! Hallway carpets  were dirty and the windows facing the strip were sooo filthy as if they haven't even been cleaned gross ruined strip view!
3	Great sized rooms and tower!   Views of the strip are great.   I gave three stars because this hotel needs to concentrate more on the little things.  The bathroom door in our suite had paint chips, I found a woman's bobby pin on the floor in the corner, the a/c was a little bit musty and weak, some trash in elevators, and bathroom lighting hung too low that my partner and I both hit our heads on it. Rooms were very nice and convenient, but again, it's the little things that need attention.
4	Enjoyed the modern design of the property and the spacious well-equipped suites! Had two nights of restful sleep and even though my room was beside the lift shaft, i didn't hear a thing. After seeing the crowds on the Strip, I'm glad the Palms is away from the chaotic stretch. The free shuttle bus service was good enough to get us there and back.
2	The rooms look nice, and the view is spectacular, but unfortunately that seems to be the extent of it.  We booked a room for a week, and were greeted with a funky smelling room with spots of residual vomit in the bathroom, a TV that didn't work, dead phones, and miscellaneous damage such as a missing/broken bathroom lock/handle.  Since we're here for CES, we're only in the room briefly to sleep/shower, but by all standards this is pretty nasty.  On the plus side, the sheets are clean, the shower is nice, and you're greeted with incredible views at night and in the morning, but we're animus about booking rooms here in the future.  Also don't count on reliable internet while you're here - the best you can pick up without paying for it is 256k for a single device per room which is spotty at best.
1	I paid ahead of time through groupon but when I arrived that was not the price i agreed on. I would have no problem paying the extra ahead of time if they were up front and the Management wasn't deceptive and tricked you into staying there. You will have to pay a $23 hotel use fee, and $50 deposit per night. They get you there by tricking with a number that is just a little smaller than those on the strip but spring this trickery on you when you arrive so you have to pay it. I have no problems paying the money so much so that I paid $50 plus taxes for an upgrade.When I did check in the hotel room there was all sorts of problems with broken stuff and the room was not cleaned. Keeping in mind the $50 per night deposit and the deception they used to get me here I called the front desk to tell them. So they moved me to another hotel room and said they were going to waive the hotel use fees. So they moved me to another room that didn't have that much that needed repairs and was clean. It still needed repairs some minor ones but I didn't even mention it now.The room had a great view of the strip and the balconies that they said they had. The balconies are locked and they told me that only the owner has the key. More tricks? The hot tub they said they had is also there but the air pump didn't work when I went to use it, but did finally kick on at 3 am in the morning which woke me and my wife up.  I told the front desk and they didn't do a thing about it and just blew me off.The TV system only has a few channels and the audio level is not the same on all the channels, so that when you are changing channels on all 3 TV's in the room it is either too low on some or so high that it will scare the crap out of you when you go to other channels.The prices for in room dining are high but also there are more hidden fees if you read the fine print it is the price of the meal plus $5 delivery fee plus %18 percent gratuity added on. So the in room pizza of 17 dollars was actually $25. On a positive note the room that I ended up in was very roomy, great view, washer and dryer, two bathrooms, a awesome walk in shower with 3 shower heads, a kitchen, a sofa and couch, and a number of chairs, When I checked out the food court there were a number of good choices for a quick bite to eat. It also has a theatre on the location. The security there is on the ball and have a security patrol that I watch pass my car 3 times in 15 minutes and continued like that all night! Also they were very nice and professional to me. Majority of the maids do a great job cleaning up the room. The bellman I dealt with were very nice and professional too.  After staying a couple of nights I went to check out and the hotel use fees that the manager said she was going to waive was back on my bill. I called the front desk and got no where with them so i had them transfer me to the manager who ignored 3 calls and wasted an hour and a half of my time trying to handle it so I called back and left a message that I am just going to put this on travel advisor and yelp no problem. The manager now decided to return my call and said that " even If the night manager didn't say that I am going to take the hotel use fees off of my bill " I hate being called a liar! I come on vacation to relax not to get stressed out and upset, I can go back to work for that.Everyone seems to be doing their jobs except the management and being dishonest gets them a 1 star, from me. They would have had 4 stars if I wouldn't had so many tricks pulled on me and negative 1st impressions. When they say complimentary at this hotel it means there is another hidden price, but websters says that complimentary means "Given Free as a gift or courtesy" There isn't a need for the lying and deception with a good product. I think you in "management" are wearing your ties too tight cutting off the blood supply to your heads.
4	I go to Vegas approx 4-6 times a year on business and pleasure.  I typically stay at the Venetian or the Palms.  Having been to Vegas so much, it's habitual and a comfort and I like both places, even though they cater to a different type of crowd.Most recently, I stayed at Palms Place with my girlfriend- her first trip ever to Vegas.  I got a 1 bedroom suite and it was amazing.  First off, it's huge.  It has a half-bath as you walk in, and as you make your way down the hall, the huge windows and views hit you all at once.  Wow.  Out one side I could see the airport and mountains, and on the other wing of windows the strip was right in front of me.  If Bellagio was a little shorter, I probably could have seen the fountains!  But I digress...the room has a kitchette, a fireplace, a great living room, very comfy bed and bedroom and the MOST awesome shower.  Ever.  That shower is worth price of admission folks.  Trust me.  I shower daily (sometimes twice), so I know of which I speak!  It has a huge spout over head and then a few on each side, so certainly a his and her shower...and certainly room for friends, if you're into that sort of thing!  In case I'm not clear, I like the showers.  Near the window, in the bedroom, there is also a stand-alone soaking jacuzzi tub- it's pretty incredible too (this is not available in the studio sized rooms).  It's great to sit with a drink, look out over the strip and just....ah...enjoy.  The room is clean, has all the amenities you could want and is well kept.The ONLY complaint I have about the room is this...it has a HUGE wrap-around balcony, but you can't open the sliding doors, due to idiots throwing stuff off of them in the past.  It would be wonderful to stand / sit out there and do whatever, but instead you get to be like a caged animal behind some strong glass and look, but not touch.  I realize this isn't really the Palms doing, but I don't give out 5-stars easily, so it's more like a 4.5 star review.The casino is a decent walk from Palms Place, but you can do so in a covered environment.  There are decent eating establishments in Palms Place as we dined at Simon's one night, pool side.  That was neat and the food and service was outstanding.  There is valet available, but parking just beyond the hedges is an easy walk if you decide to self-park.  This is a great, just-off-trip location.  Try it, you'll like it.
5	I stayed at Palms Place this week for the CES and it was amazing. Our suite on the 51st floor had a kingsize bad, kitchen, living room and great view pf the city. The bed was soft and comfortable and the jacuzzi tub was awesome! I've stayed in the other two towers at palms and this room was much nicer. One of the coolest rooms I've been in compared to other hotels. The only draw back is that it's far from the casino and since there was a conference going on I had to go back and fourth alot. Not sure about the other restaurants but the food at the 24hr cafe was just ok.  When we checked out my wife forgot her diamond ring on the bathtub and they were able to find it and we picked it up before we left. I would give 4 stars because of the distance factor but since they found her ring I'm giving it 5 stars.  We had an awesome time here and I would definitely stay here again.
5	No real complaints for our 3 day/2 night stay here.  Total cost was only $136, but thanks to the Hotels Tonight App, we actually got away with only paying the $20/day resort fee.  Not too shabby...The studio suite was more than enough room for us 2, plus maybe an additional 2 or 3 people.  There was a separate carpeted living room area with TV, couch, armchair, coffee table.  The sleeping area had laminate floors that looked like mahogany.  I appreciated that cuz it didn't freeze my feet walking barefoot there.  Each side of the bed had its own nightstand and lamp.  The sleeping area also had a TV. Yes, two big screen TVs essentially side by side.  We barely even turned them on since the view from our 19th-floor room was gorgeous.  The entire east wall was a glass window.  At the very entrance of the room, there was a kitchenette with marble flooring.  Two fridges.  One with a stocked "mini bar" that included juice and candy bars as well as alcohol.  Bottom fridge was for our own perishables.  Toaster was provided, but we failed to find a coffeemaker.  Its a two burner electric stove in the kitchen.  We didn't get to use, though.  The marble flooring continues into the restroom, which also has its own TV.  There is a beautiful shower/jacuzzi.  The shower has both a hand held extendable shower head and an overhead rainfall type shower head.  Your choice.  The shower is only the one slight complaint I had.  I ran out of hot water after only being in the shower about 10 mins.  Apparently my travel partner had no issues, though.  The shower is housed by translucent partitions separating the sleep area, so you actually do see the silhouette of the person showering.  I would definitely stay here again.  Its also nice that this place is off strip, but still nearby.  You don't really have to deal with the traffic of the strip, but its still close enough that you can get there fairly fast (and cheap if using a taxi).  PS.  If you decide to install the Hotels Tonight App, pls use my referral code "Ssaenz3".  It will get you an immediate $25 credit, and we get bonuses for referrals.  Yay for rewards.
5	I'm not really sure how this place only has a 3 & a half star. This place was amazing!!!!I've stayed at so many hotels in Vegas when I come. Each one is usually just ehh... I found a groupon for this place and it was a really good deal. Even when I saw the pictures I thought it looked really nice. We got an amazing suite with a balcony. I've never even stayed at a hotel with a balcony before.The room comes with 3 tvs. Even one in the bathroom! The bathroom was so beautiful as well. It comes with one of those dual shower heads, one of them was that rainforest shower head thing. There's also a separate tub with jets in there. There's also a sofabed, full stocked kitchen, stove, dishwasher, the works.. The entire room was amazing and the hotel is very modern. I wish it wasn't so cold because I really would've wanted to check out their pool.This place was great. I pretty much would like to stay here every time I come. lol. The service was amazing and everyone was extremely friendly. We even got a view of the strip for free when we should've gotten charged for it. They also have a free shuttle to take you to the strip, it drops you off at Caesar's Palace. Oh ask for the Asian guy bellhop. I wish I would've remembered his name. =P You definitely wouldn't be disappointed staying here. =)
5	view is AMAZING (i'm sure i'm not the first to say so). very clean, big, neat. staff is just meh but we rarely saw anyone while we were there. tub is HUGE. at least 6 feet long, 4 feet wide. with jets! i requested a room as high as possible and got the 37th floor. i couldn't stop taking pictures of the view. balcony was accessible. bed must be bigger than simple king because it was humongous. we loved our stay there.PS the casino at the palms SUCKS. staff is awful, too quiet (felt like a library).
4	Stayed at palms place on our visit to Vegas!!We booked a one bedroom suite for 4 nights and 5 days trip.Really liked the room and strip view from our room!!Excellent room with very big balcony.Great breakfast buffet for 10$ .The only complaint is no hot water on our last day stay because of some work going on.Definitely recommend it...Looking forward to visit again!!
5	My husband and I decided that this year we would spend our anniversary in Vegas. When planning for the trip we decided that we would purchase a Groupon for Palms place. After the purchase I checked yelp for the reviews. I was a bit upset with myself for not checking before hand. Most of the reviews I read had me thinking that I may not be completely happy with my stay at Palms Place. When my husband and I arrived, we were immediately impressed. The customer service from the very beginning was amazing ( Valets and all!) We stayed in a studio suite. The room was cozy enough for us to feel like we were at home, but nice enough to remind us that we were on vacation.  We have decided any time we go to Vegas we will be staying there. Quick tip: You can actually cook inside the room. So if you like to cook or want to save some money, go to grocery store and cook from your hotel room.
4	I have stayed at their One bedroom suites twice now. These rooms are so so so nice. I love it. Any hotel room that has a full kitchen is ok in my book. Microwave, Sink, dish washer and a full sized refridgerator! Yes please! The only thing that ppl might not like is that it's off the strip, and honestly, I can say that can be difficult at times because the Palms is like it's own little world. It has a movie theater, a huge food court, nice restaurants, a beautiful casino and 3 awesome night clubs. You almost forget to leave the resort sometimes! If you're low on time and have to choose between the 3 clubs, you will definitely want to go to the Ghostbar, it has one of the nicest views in all of Las Vegas.  Although, we had a great experience at Club Moon. If you can afford their bottle service go for it! They treat you like royalty! you get this huge booth, and your personal bar tender... they come by and make drinks for you and make sure they're always filled. You also get your own "security guard" with you the entire time. I mean, the guy even escorted me to the bathroom! Kinda crazy but we loved it! There was a belligerent guy who kept trying to sit at or near our table and our guy gave him the boot. He was awesome! I can't remember his name or else I'd tell you to request him by name. That was hands down the best night of our trip.They have a shuttle that runs every half an hour to take you to the strip, but the down side is it stops running around 10 pm, so it's not very practical for Las Vegas hours, the city that never sleep right?! This should be a service that they offer 24 hrs, I think they could easily afford to do this too, why they dont, I have no idea. The first time I stayed there they forgot to lock the door to get to the patio which was awesome!! we got to go outside on the balcony and take in the view. The second time we weren't so lucky lol. One weird thing, they have this random bath tub in the middle of the room in the 1 bedroom suites, I really don't understand it's placement but whatever. A friend of mine stayed in the Studo suite at Palms place so I got to check that out first hand. If you want to save money then that's definitely the way to go! the room is just as nice as the 1 bedroom, absolutely beautiful. And what other standard vegas room is 650 square feet? Not many!
2	I was excited about the awesome rates and packages offered by Palms Place. Upon entering the room, I was OK with the appearance and presentation of the room. It had a good view of the mountains, but the windows were terribly dirty, but there was a window washer doing the main corridor windows, however not the rooms.After settling in, I tried turning on the TV, however it would not turn on with either of the 2 remotes. I called the front desk and asked them to handle it while I went to lunch. I returned to 3 remotes and neither of them working. I called again to have the TV repaired. Maintenance personnel should up with a fourth remote, which did not solve the issue. He called for another maint. man, which showed up about an hour later, overall it took about 3.5-4 hrs to get my TV working. The next morning I went to leave for my conference. As I got to my truck, I noticed my tailgate down. I closed it and noticed that someone had stolen my tail lights out of my truck, on both sides, cutting the factory wiring harness. This was on a Sunday, morning..so BAM!..no vehicle for me today. I filed a report with the security, which I was then given a report and the number for Risk Management. So on Monday I called, Risk Management (I still have not received a call back) and had to go search around for the parts to repair my vehicle, which caused me to miss portion of my conference..Oh, and while my truck was setting in the PP parking, lot, I guess the other patrons felt necessary to put beer bottles and other trash in the back of it. FYI..Palms Place and the connecting Palms parking lot has a lot of trash in it daily, definitely killing the curb appeal. While I was gathering paperwork on Sunday afternoon from the vandalized vehicle experience, I went to turn on the desk lamp. At that moment to CFL bulb literally fell out of it busting all over the desk. Onto Monday..I made reservations for Simon on Monday night for dinner, since it seems to be the flagship restaurant for Palms Place. We arrived early and went for drinks in the lounge. The female bartender brought a drink menu and never returned. She was at the opposite end of the bar doing squats or something as the other bartender totally had his back to us and was busy chatting her up instead of following up with his patrons. I literally had to walk over to the bar and ask for service as my attempts to capture their attention did not seem to be working. Finally it was time to be seated in the restaurant for our dinner appointment. They seated us by a party of 6, which wasn't bad and seemed kinda spacious. The waiter took our appetizer order of lump crab cakes and then later the main entree order. I had the rib-eye and my guest had the sushi sampler. Our entree beat the appetizer to our table and the guy looked puzzled when I spoke up and said, "that's a little late, its suppose to be our appetizer" as we were beginning to eat our main course. He didn't even respond, just looked at me and left it on our table, along with the menus/drink menus that were still in our way. My steak was cooked to order, however it lacked taste and seasoning, as well as the bland mashed potatoes. As we were trying to just make the most of the meal, the other waiters that were servicing the party of 6, felt necessary to keep bumping our table in hast, without an apology or an "excuse me or I'm sorry".Oh, but on the bright side, the Otter Pop at Rojo lounge is awesome!! By the time I calculate the the cost of repairs, cab fees and lost time dealing with the issues I encountered at Palms Place, I would've been better to stay on the strip at other, more secure, well kept establishments.
5	Everything about our stay was PERFECT! The Palms is about 10-15 minutes away from the actual strip so it's not packed or loud or crazy at any time of the day, yet it's still close enough to catch a cab to the strip and not worry about a huge cab fair. The suit my boyfriend and I stayed in was AMAZING! There was a full kitchen, with dishes and silverware. There was also a jacuzzi bath tub! I would go back for that alone! And two shower heads! And that isn't even the best part... It's the bed! It's a huge Cali king with feather pillows and a duvet comforter! It was like sleeping in clouds! Everything about our stay was magical, we will definitely be coming back again!
5	For less than a price of a room at a major hotel on the strip (e.g. Venetian, Caesar's Palace), you can get a beautifully appointed one-bedroom suite at Palms Place.I simply adore the view from our suite. We were in a corner suite, most probably on the north west corner because we had an unobstructed view of the mountains directly to the west. I believe it was called "Spring Mountains". The entire wall of our suite from kitchen to living room to the bedroom "around the corner" was made of continuous glass. OK, except for the support beams of course.In the morning, you could observe the progress of the sun as it crept up into the sky by its fiery rays hitting the mountains, transforming it from red-orange to golden. The sky gradually changed colors from indigo to cerulean as the sun finally made an appearance.And out from those mountains, brightly-colored hot air balloons rose up into the clear sky.For less than $400, you get the following:* 1 bedroom with a King sized bed* iHome type player in the room* 1 flat screen in the room* 1 flat screen in the "living room"* plenty of closet space (2 whole closets)* safe* plush robes* full sized bathroom (toilet has a partition)* bathroom drawers for hair dryer, etc.* TV in the bathroom* glass-walled shower with shower heads on both ends and the ceiling that would allow two adults to shower simultaneously* beautiful tub inside the room beside the floor-to-ceiling glass window so you can enjoy the view* full kitchen containing a full-sized fridge with ice-making freezer, sink, electric stove, * cleaning stuff (soap and scrub), dinnerware* kitchen bar/countertop with bar stools* 2 large couches that pull out into full beds* extra pillows and blankets* fireplace* half bath* floor-to-ceiling windows by the "kitchen" and "living room" as well* 2 nights* all taxes and fees* $100 credit at their restaurant Simon* free parkingI must have caught them while they were having a special, hence the low price. Also, it was mid-week, non-holiday.Another thing I liked about Palms Place: OFF the strip. I remembered why I so rarely go to Vegas when i got stuck on the strip for 45 minutes behind ONE stop light!!! I can see the hotel we wanted to go to but 45 minutes later, we still can't get in the driveway! Here at Palms Place, you see your hotel, and in a few minutes you are parked.You're probably thinking, "Of course it's cheap, you are NOT on the strip, and you still have to go to the Strip where the action is."Well, Palms Place offers complimentary shuttle service to City Center, right smack in the middle of the action. You don't need to find your car, drive to carmaggedon, find parking again and then walk to where you need to go. Free shuttle service!!!Only thing I would have liked was more floor towels for the floor. I used to dream about those glass shower walls until I had to deal with damp floors outside of the shower here because there isn't a "step" or a "berm" to keep the water in and the outside dry.Other than that, Palms Place made this trip to Vegas less stressful than before.Oh yeah, let's not forget the pool. VERY cool. They have circular chaise lounges inside the shallow end of the pool. Also, numerous cabanas.
3	Overall, I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone coming to Vegas. Huge, beautiful rooms for a price that's almost too good to be true (I paid around $200/night for a one bedroom suite on a weekend) Even though it's off the strip, they offer the free strip shuttle at the Palms, and a cab ride to/from the strip is only about $10-$15. Although, since this is supposed to be a 5 star hotel, there were a couple things where I felt I could only give a 3 star review: -At Valet, the curbside pickup offers to deliver your luggage up to your room so you don't have to lug it through the hotel. Awesome? Except it took OVER AN HOUR for them to bring my luggage up to my room. Not cool.-At least 4 lights in the room were not working.-It's almost impossible to call down to the front desk from the phone in the room. It would take a few tries to even get the dial pad on the phone to work. Then when you can actually get the phone to work, I would be on hold for at least 10-15 minutes.-The room seemed to be missing a lot of the kitchen utensils. There were 3 forks, 4 spoons, and only 1 knife?-The carpet in the living room was disgusting. Huge, nasty stains and crunchy white (!) stains.-Really odd placement for power outlets. None near the bed or even a table.-The suite came with two huge beautiful balconies. Too bad they were locked and not usable. What a tease!-Very long checkout line. They only had two people working during checkout on a Sunday which is kind of odd.-The airport shuttle costs $8 per person. Most hotels offer free airport shuttles so this was a little disappointing.I'm not normally this nit picky when it comes to hotels, but again, this is supposed to be 5 star. I would absolutely still stay here again since the positives definitely outweigh the negatives.
1	It was my birthday weekend (same as Super Bowl wknd) and I booked my room two to three weeks in advance. I spoke to several reservation clerks and was told a certain price. On arrival Friday the 31, I went to check in and was given a different price. Which was very disappointing seeing how I was expecting one price for several weeks. The manager at the time said it was nothing he can do but just give me the one night I paid for if I didn't pay the 900 in cash for the other night,resort fee,and damage coverage. I could not stay the extra night. I instantly started crying trying to figure out why I was told something different. Long story short the employees there was insensitive about my situation and didn't do anything to help me or figure out what went wrong. The only one that was caring was the lady that checked me out the next day. My birthday weekend was completely ruined because I had to wake early and find somewhere else to stay because of the miss hap.
5	Have stayed all over Vegas and keep coming back to the Palms Place.  Always stay in the one bedroom suite.  First off you get a whole kitchen fridge, stove, sink, dishwasher etc.  there's even a frickin washer and dryer it's like your own apartment.  There's also two bathrooms and a separate bedroom and a tub in the middle of it.  Bed is super comfy pillows soft and ample closet space.  My favorite part of the room is the triple headed shower, you could fit like 5 people in there if you really wanted too and hey why not!!! All of the staff is super friendly and helpful.Chris at the front desk is always in a good mood and takes good care of you.  Didn't have any robes in my room when I checked in they were promptly brought up and they deliver ice too no more walking down long hallways late at night to get your ice, then you just throw the leftover in the freezer. Love Love Love the Palms Place
1	Terrible customer service, filthy rooms (especially the shower and tub area). My boyfriend and I had to stay here for two months after our home flooded. The insurance company placed us here because there is a kitchenette. First off they were only supposed to charge the insurance companies credit card but they consistently charged my boyfriends card instead, for thousands of dollars. We were locked out of our room four times. On top of it all the room is dirty! The caulking in the tub and shower was black. That only happens when you don't clean it! Never staying here again, even if the house floods!
4	I loved this place it has been the best hotel I have stayed  at. I am planning on staying here this summer for my vacation .
5	What a great find!  The Palms Place is a different building than the Palms Casino, which I personally believe makes for a better experience.  All the loud slot machines and cigarette smoke is contained in the other building, with absolutely no traces within the Palms Place.  Yet the Palms Place is still conveniently close (and connected to palms via the SkyTube) to get shopping and dining done without driving anywhere.  Palms Place still gets room service from the Palms Casino facilities as well.  I also love the fact that this place is off-strip, so not much traffic going on here.  I'm so glad to stumble upon this gem through the Hotels Tonight App.  Because of the discounted rates & accrued credit, we were able to stay for 3 days and 2 nights as well as a dinner for two (Palms Casino Restaurant tab billed to the room) for only $84.  What a deal!  If you haven't already, you should check out the Hotels Tonight App, which gives heavily discounted deals for last-minute bookings.  Please use my referral code, "Ssaenz3" for an immediate $25 credit. A lot of times I see Las Vegas listings for less than $30 that would have you paying close to nothing if you use the $25 credit to book.  No cost to download the app and at least check it out.Sidenote, the wifi included is for one device only, but its only $10 ish for each additional device.  Speed is pretty good, too.
2	we checked into a 2 bedroom suite and what makes their 2 bedrooms unique is that you essentially are getting a 1 bedroom suite and a studio suite together. so its basically like you are getting 2 rooms next to each other that share an outer door. it kinda seems cool at first but the practicality of it wears off as soon as you enter. since you basically have to prop open the 2 front doors to each room. we actually got locked out within a minute of walking in our room because i put the keys down in the 1 bedroom suite to check out the studio suite and then my wife followed me into the studio from the 1 bedroom.the accommodations and amenities of the room are great though in the 1 bedroom suite. you basically get a full kitchen with fridge, microwave, sink, dish washer, etc. nice choice of chairs and furnishings.bed was really comfortable. the convenience of having ice in the freezer is huge. loved the 3 headed shower with heads on each side of the bath and the large shower from above. one of the more luxurious showers i have witnessed.the pillows were down but incredibly soft. felt like i was sleeping on paper.our 1 bedroom though pretty much epitomized a party room. upon check in there were fresh wet stains on the carpet. lots of nicks and markings on the walls and furniture. if you told me this place opened up last year i would've been sure you were lying to me. also the coffee table for the living room doesn't match up to the rest of the furnishings. it basically was this plastic flimsy base with a 50 lb glass top to it that was extremely unstable.one of our TVs wouldnt power on with the remote. and the other TV had no audio and required engineering to come up and fix.all guest services were slow to deliver up to our room as wellwe checked in and requested from the front desk a crib and to have our baggage sent up by the bell man.after 2 hours of waiting for our baggage, my wife called the bell desk and they said they had no record of us checking in yet. we checked in at 2pm on a sunday and there was basically no one in the hotel so not like they were busy.3 hours later and after 2 calls to the front desk did we finally get our crib. also throughout our stay the bell men very rarely were at the front doors and if they were, they almost never opened the door for you. there was one bell man there, a younger Asian looking guy that was always very courteous and opening the doors but all the others seemed to care less.the simon restaurant was a nice find and the staff there were all so friendly and the food was pretty good. all in all, i'd probably still consider coming back because having the full kitchen with toddlers and infants is a nice perk and the price is reasonable. oh also, something else that i that was odd and which the front desk didnt disclose was that since i was essentially booking 2 rooms that i would pay 2 resort fees... doesnt really make sense to me though since i am really just getting 1 accommodation that happens to be 2 rooms because of their design. i felt that should have at least been disclosed to me.
4	I stayed at Palms Place on a last-minute Vegas trip with friends, and we were able to get upgraded to a suite for only $150 a night (I think the room we had was normally around $400 a night.) The view was AMAZING. We had a beautiful, unobstructed view of the other Palms tower, and the entire strip. The decor of the room was really sleek, trendy, and modern. To top everything off, the room came complete with a stainless-steel full kitchen, complete with dishwasher, sink, full set of plates, ect. The room had a queen bed, along with a pull-out couch, so you could comfortably fit four people (or more if you have people willing to sleep on the floor.) Note, they won't bring in more cots because it's considered a fire hazard. Five stars for the room, decor, and service; four stars for the fact that Palms Place is decently far from the main casino and takes a just-long-enough-that-it's-annoying amount of time to get to the other tower. In total, the walk from one tower to the other probably takes 10 minutes. You have to go up an elevator to the second floor and walk about 400 yards, (although they do have those airport-style moving walkways guests can utilize.) If you're worried about the fact that the Palms is located a bit off the strip--don't be. They have a roomy shuttle that comes once every half hour that will take you directly to Caesars Palace. I highly recommend staying at the Palms Place, especially if you can get a last minute deal.
4	So we never go to Las Vegas as much as we would like to and a concert just made the drive from San Diego worth it. I saw a Groupon ad and I told myself "why not" try something new. The Palms was new to us and a 37% discount was not too shabby.  I forgot how smoky it was in the casino but once we checked in our room I forgot all about the smoke. We were pleasantly surprised with how the room looked like. It was spacious! We had two flat screen televisions and the couch could be made into another bed. The room came with a ful kitchen; microwave, toaster, oven, blender, and even a dish washer. There were silverware (pots and pans) to actually make a meal. The fitness center was big enough and one can almost compare it to one's local fitness center. What I like about this place is that there were towels and bottled waters already at the exercise equipment. I like that! Unfotunately I was not able to enjoy the pool area and from what I had seen it looked fun.The whole family enjoyed the experience and we may consider staying here again if the price was right,  around $160 or less for the room. Just make sure you are aware of the $25 resort fee per day. I am considering checking here again in the future.
5	Excellent hotel! Good variety of eating options. Service is very good. The only negative is that the hotel is off The Strip, but there is a free shuttle to the Forum Shops Mall at Caesar's. We will go back again to this property.
5	Got a one bedroom suite here last December and I had a great time with my buddies here.
5	Thanks to the friendly and helpful staff our stay was amazing! From the valet upon check-in to the girls in the Rojo lounge bar in the lobby! They really made us feel like special guests! Valet guy even remembered my name when we came back down to get a cab. Very impressive and I would definitely return for another relaxing stay. Didn't mind being away from the strip cause after being to Vegas so many times we don't really go walking around there as often. Room was modern and fully stocked, shower and tub were relaxing!
5	My husband and I stayed at Palms Place from 2/12/14-2/21/14 to celebrate our 6th wedding anniversary and are very satisfied and happy that we did! This is not our first stay with Palms and will surely not be our last!   In the past, while visiting Vegas, we would stay at a variety of different properties, but ever since our first stay with Palms in February 2013 at Palms Place we instantly fell in love with this resort! So much so, that we returned during the past Labor Day weekend and stayed in their Premier Rooms in the Ivory Tower!  I planned a surprise trip to Vegas for my husband to celebrate our 6th wedding anniversary and could not think of a better place to stay than Palms Place! The service here is immaculate and the staff at Palms are very professional, courteous, helpful, and know how to treat their customers! Our Studio Suite on the 52nd floor was awesome! We had a gorgeous view of the strip! The room itself was amazing and very clean, spacious, comfortable, contemporary, well-appointed with 3 TV's (2 in the room and 1 in the bathroom), and had an awesome feel and vibe to it! We could definitely live here! The bathroom is very contemporary in design and has the best walk-in shower ever! The rain showerhead above combined with a removable shower head that cleanses you from the front is just pure heaven after a long day out and about! And if that's not enough, you have your very own Jacuzzi tub adjacent to the shower! Talk about pure bliss! The Studio Suite also includes a kitchenette that proves very handy when staying in Vegas for a longer stay.  The in room refrigerator/freezer with ice maker is the perfect size to store your beverages and other cold items you'd like to have at your convenience.  Having a microwave and stove in your room is also handy when you want to have a quick snack or breakfast without having to call Room Service. The king sized pillow top mattress we slept on was very comfortable and the bedding was luxurious with a high a tread count! We normally sleep on a Tempurpedic bed at home so it is very hard for us to get a good night's rest while we travel as most hotel beds are very uncomfortable to us. However, the bed at Palms Place was quite comfy and we were able to get a good night's rest here! That's amazing and priceless to us! The down comforter and down pillows were so heavenly! This room was so comfortable that we were so sad to have to leave!  I utilized the gym on the 6th floor almost daily and loved it there! The gym is very clean, inviting, and plentiful of both cardio and strength training equipment.  You get a beautiful view of the strip while using the ellipticals and treadmills! In my honest opinion, the perfect way to start the day with a workout and amazing views! Our anniversary celebration was one we will never forget as Palms went out of their way to make things extra special for us by delivering a bottle of champagne along with a plate of fresh strawberries (might I add were super sweet and delicious)!  They even sent a card along with the goodies wishing us a "Happy Anniversary!" How classy and thoughtful is that right!!? It's those kinds of personal touches that they do at Palms that keeps us coming back for more! The front desk staff also wished us a "Happy Anniversary" and was very helpful in accommodating my request to stay on the highest floor possible with the city view!  She did everything she could to find a room to fit my request as she knew that this would make our stay and anniversary celebration extra special and romantic with the breathtaking views of the strip! I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who likes to be treated like a VIP and for anyone who likes to stay in a modern, clean, spacious, and inviting environment.  Thank you very much Palms for making our anniversary celebration one we will never forget! You guys are awesome and know how to make a couple feel like a pair of VIP's! We are so grateful for all you have done for us during our past stay and for this most recent stay! You guys are rock stars! We can't wait for our next stay with you guys!
1	I don't really write reviews, but I just have to share the horrible experience I had at this hotel when I stayed this past weekend. I was excited for this weekend getaway to Vegas! Who ever isn't? Plus one of the girls found an awesome deal for this place on travelzoo for a one bedroom suite. The pictures looked super nice and modern so we booked our trip! I was happy when we arrived. The lobby was big and spacious. I liked how it wasn't as noisy and busy since they didn't have a casino. It kinda took a while to check-in since there were only three workers at the front desk. We were given the 51st floor and we were stoked!!! It had amazing views. I liked how you could take a tunnel to go to the casino and the food court. The room was nice and big. The decor was modern and I could not wait to get into the tub!! The lighting was dark in the room and there were some chips/scratches on the pull out table, but I didn't think much of it. The bed was big and comfy too. I was enjoying my stay until the next morning when I woke up with bed bug bites :/!!!! I've stayed at lower end hotels before and never had this problem. I was mortified. It was just a small patch on my arm so I didn't make a big deal out of it. I also noticed a wretched stench in the bathroom, but it was even stronger whenever I went to the sink to wash my hands. I brushed it off and blamed it on the bad ventilation. The girls and I decided to check out the SImon restaurant on the 6th floor where the pool also is for happy hour (it was a little chilly to go into the pool). The drinks at that place are spot on. The bartender had heavy hands, but that's good considering how much you were still paying per drink for happy hour. It all went downhill from here on out. We go back to the room to start getting ready for another night out. One of the girls asks for the hairdryer and we told her it's in a drawer in the bathroom since we used it the night before. She opened up the drawer and could not believe what she saw. She told us to go see what it is because she thought it was a joke, but it wasn't. There was a huge pile of POO in the drawer all over the hairdryer!!!!! Literally a pile of s***!!! Wth was going on??? Who did this?  No way were we too drunk to do this. Plus it was huuuuge!!! Way to big to come out a girl. No wonder the bathroom smelled like poop all day long. We immediately call security and the front desk and explain our findings. The first sign was that they didn't even sound shocked over the phone. They also took 20 minutes to finally come to our room to check it out. By then we already packed all our stuff up because there was no way we were gonna stay another night in that room. The manager and security at that shift came up, took our statement, took a few photos and told us we were going to be moved to a different room. There was no sympathy for what just happened. The only thing they offered to do was to call a bellhop to help move our stuff to the new room. Of course they said they were going to investigate to see if there was any unauthorized use of our room. We all had our key cards still so we didn't lose it, but you can't tell which room it goes with anyway. The whole process was taking forever and we had dinner reservations to go to. Security told us they would notify us in a few hours to update us on the status of the case. Did we ever get that call? Nope. We had to call ourselves the next morning before we checked out and of course the same guys who helped us out the night before weren't there so they couldn't really give us answers yet. The manager at the front desk wasn't any better. We had to wait another 15 minutes for her to come out and talk to us. She said someone from risk management would call us to let us know what is going on (any compensation). We told her that they had horrible customer service. Not once has anyone apologized for what happened to us. Someone broke into our room and violated our sense of safety. Luckily nothing was taken, but who knows what else this pervert could've done to our things.  We even asked if this kind of thing happens all the time, but of course they said no. The entire time they seemed so unprofessional and like they didn't care. What kind of customer service is that? If you may be in the wrong shouldn't you be trying to do everything they can to make up for what just happened? I guess the main thing was that it just seemed like they didn't care and this wasn't something small like the hot water didn't work in the room or something. Someone in that hotel crossed the line and our well being was jeopardized. So we go back home with a sour taste in our mouths because we don't know what happened. As of yet, we're still waiting to hear back from corporate. Guess they're just trying to think of ways to cover their butts.Bottom line: DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL
1	If there is a negative 1 for a review i would say it's belooooow negative! This hotel sucks!!!!!!!!  U book a room 3 months earlier and they still cant guarantee u a room! All the staff are making excuses for the looooooong wait! And they have a bitchy attitude and that makes it moreAnnoying!!!!! Do not come toThis hotel. So ghetto and the service is the  WORST. WORST of the WORST!!!!!!!!!!
5	Palms Place was an absolute surprise and absolutely fantastic. My friend booked us a suite for his bday but I was very reluctant because...well it is off the strip and ...palms place? Whuttt? But we arrived to a gorgeous, spacious, modern room with a fully equipped kitchen. I mean fully equipped: fridge, stove, dishwasher, utensils, plates, wine and cocktail glasses, blender, toaster...on and on.Amazing shower and big tub, gorgeous view, comfy bed. Fast service and best of all---because of its location taxi was faster and cheaper to anywhere on the strip. Went to Hakkasan, XS, and Hofbrauhaus for like $15 each. I am surprised and sold.
5	Love it! I love the big tub, the view, and the bed sheets. The sheets are amazing and soft!!! I didn't want to get out of bed. I wanted to stay in all day. I was very comfortable in the room itself and I'm very picky with hotels. Clean as well. Wish I took more pictures though. I was too busy enjoying and relaxing!!!
4	Nice place compared to other hotels off the strip. The only feedback I have if it's for non smokers have a smoke free section while walking through the casino floor. I've had to wash my hair 2x this trip which for me is a time consuming task.
5	I love this place!  I could easily live in the studio suite.  It is so beautiful!
5	It hurts my heart to have to check out. This was hands down the best hotel stay we've ever had. We booked the one bedroom suite for our annual girls trip. Uhhhmayzing!! We were able to check in at noon as opposed to the normal 4pm, the staff was very accommodating. We get to our room and were blown away. It was better than the pictures. We were a bit disappointed that the balcony was locked, something about them just starting to reopen the balconies and ours hadn't been unlocked yet. But it happens. We started having issues with some stuff in the room, we couldn't get the shower or tub set to anything except scorching hot, they sent a couple guys to fix that as soon as I called. Then later out key wouldn't unlock our door. I talked to the front desk and they immediately switched our room to another one, best part, the balcony opened! Woo! We had such an incredible time here and are already trying to figure out when we can come back.
4	Details, details, details...you will see why in a second.First of all, this hotel is more like condos. Every single room in this hotel is set up as a studio, one bedroom or two bedroom. You have a kitchenette and small living room space. The room was super nice! Parking is not a hassle because on this side it is strictly hotel and not casino. Everything else is on the regular Palms side. Check in was quick and efficient. I reserved this room through Priceline. To be honest, I thought the hotel was going to try to play me and put me in a regular room in the Palms (I read all the horror stories). But since the Palms was sold out during our time there, I knew we would end up with our original reservation in Palms Place. The young lady that assisted me answered all my questions and registered my Club Palms card (you can get discounts at restaurants in the hotel complex with this card!). After that we self-parked (which was free) and we were on our way!Upon entry, you gasp because everything is so modern plus you get a nice view of the strip (if you request that) or the mountains. Now, I have always been taught to check all aspects of the room before settling in because something may be broken or not working. Imagine my surprise when I bent down to get something and there was trash from the previous people still on the floor! The trash had rolled under the sofa a little bit but it wasn't under there enough for me to not notice it. Also, there were spots all over the counter tops. The throw pillow on the bed was dirty (I take all these things off the beds before I get on them anyway), and the drain in the shower stunk to high heavens! I had to pour some of the shower gel that was provided down that drain just so I could take a shower without holding my nose!Anyway. Know that this hotel is off the strip, but there is a shuttle to take you to Ceasars to get you to the strip. BUT it only holds 13 people and stops running at 8pm. So you have to be outside EARLY to make sure you get a seat on that shuttle. I had a girl jump in front of boo and I in line because she felt justified to do that because she had missed two previous shuttles. Girl, I understand your pain, but you aren't about to play me and my significant other because you weren't smart enough to be first in line the previous time. I'll give you the first time, but by the second time, you're just stupid for that. Needless to say we still got on before her.If they had a bigger shuttle and ran a little bit longer, everything would be spectacular. Oh and if they did a better job of cleaning rooms. Otherwise this hotel was great and I'd have to come back when it is a little bit warmer to enjoy the pools. We didn't do any clubs at this location.
5	Very impressed! Very nice rooms, kitchen has it all, sink, fridge, dishwasher, dishes and utensils. 2 tvs in room and 1 in the bathroom! Very modern design, really cool shower and jacuzzi tub. Views are amazing from rooms/balcony. Nice pool, great service, really nice staff. Free shuttle to forum shops/the strip!
5	Oh my god, you need to stay here. The rates are phenomenal and the rooms are even better. It's off the strip (so quiet) but only a couple of blocks ($11 taxi ride or free shuttle). The jetted tub was humongous, thought I was gonna drown in there, which is a good thing. Please stay here. I'm serious, for me. And then just take pictures and allow me to pretend to have enjoyed it with you.
2	very very disappointed in this property.  We purchased our package through travel zoo and was very excited to have the opportunity to stay in the room that was described.  It was the one bedroom suite with a full kitchen.  We usually stay elsewhere and frankly we should of stuck to what we know and like.  This was an anniversary trip and we arrived early in the morning so we'd have the full day.  We went to see if we could check in (we knew it would be a slim chance).  Since we requested a high floor with a view of the city our room was not ready yet.  Which was fine since we had a car and decided to grab some breakfast.  I did not interact with the staff but my boyfriend said they seemed a snooty and felt like they were upset that we came early.  Nonetheless we went to breakfast with them say they would call or text us when the room was ready.We returned a couple of hours later to see if the room was ready.  It was not, so we decided to check our bags with the bell staff, change and hang out by the pool.  After about 2.5 hours we wanted to rest and get a quick bite to eat.  Room still was not ready and they were still snooty about it.I still had on my bathing suit, but had a wrap on around my waist.  we walked into the Rojo Lounge and there was a group of workers standing talking and they stopped looked at us and kept talking. We decided to sit at the bar to eat and have a drink.  We began to sit down and the bartender asked what we wanted.  We told her that we were going to get a bit to eat also could be have some menus.  As we were getting comfortable, she asked me if I had something to cover up with.  I said no, our room is not ready and our luggage is checked.  She then proceeded to say she couldn't serve me dressed like was I was and I need to go find a shirt.  They should of said something when we walked in the door and they should have a sigh saying such.  We left.  Checked on our room and it was not ready so we went to the gift shop to get a snack and sit in the lobby.  While in the lobby the bell staff were having a loud conversation about personal business for all to hear.  Very unprofessional!  Thank goodness our room was ready shortly thereafter.Now on to the room....yes it is nice but lacks upkeep to keep it looking nice.  The fake wood floors squeaked and sounded like they were ready to crack.  I did my best to stay away from walking on it.  The refrigerator is obnoxiously loud.  There was a rather large "patch" on the floor of grey electrical tape covering something that obviously needs fixing.  There were parts around the room that were falling off.  The windows were filthy.  The towels made me feel like I was using sandpaper to dry off. On the night of our romantic dinner, I was fully dressed in brand new red pants and brushing my teeth.  As I was doing that I happen to look down and realized that the front of my pants were wet with water.  The water in the sink was hitting the drain and splattering all over the floor and my clothes. Also with valet every time we called ahead to make sure our car was ready for us when we left.  We always had to wait  for them to get the car.  The Wi-Fi plan is the stupidest thing I have seen.  You are only allowed one device per room per day.  And I couldn't use the Wi-Fi until we had a room number.  it would of been nice to use my iPad by the pool while we waited. We decided not to have housekeeping clean our room because we were afraid how long it would take them.  Also the shower is a challenge to get set on the temp our want.  The next day I noticed a slight smell coming from the shower. It is a long walk to the breakfast buffet that we had complimentary passes for.  The view is nice and the room was quiet.  We would rather stay elsewhere next time. Seems people are blown away by what is in the room and not the quality for the room nor the staff.
2	First and foremost, the room was awesome. My balcony with a great view, the jacuzzi tub and the rain shower option are fantastic. I stayed for five weeks because the TV show I was working on had to shoot in Vegas. The fridge was small and the cooking utensils were non-existent which was a pain because of the length of my stay. I would have loved the option to make the room more homey. I liked that I was not staying in a casino or on the strip. When I felt like a trip to the Palms it was only a short trip over the "sky tube". So why not more stars?The front desk staff were difficult to deal with and at times down right rude. EVERY single time I had a question or request the entire five weeks was like pulling teeth. On one occasion they checked a co-worker out of their room and moved his belongings without even notifying him. When they discovered the mistake was on their part there was no apologies offered. They give great group rates but do not expect to feel "at home" if you are planning a long term stay.
4	I have stayed at the palms place a total of 5 or 6 times.  I always find great deals online. The rooms are great.  Sometimes I would find minor things broken like a handle on a door but that stuff doesn't bother me. I have stayed in the studio and 1 bedroom suite before. I loved the suite.  Rojo is great to have drinks at downstairs. Simon has amazing food and I love their chill pool. Definitely going back probably next week.
4	FREE Valet every day!  That is the first hotel i have been that offer free valet!  Service is pretty good.The size of the room is pretty decent, lots of storage is a really plus, the design is very modern, comes with 2 TVs, small refrigerator, kitchenette, small but high dinning table, the window is GIANT with a balcony, bathroom is good size, free wifi and the speed is good enough to watch streaming movieHowever, I was really disappointed with the light, it is REALLY DARK!  Very few lights and they are not bright enough even with fully adjusted, floor is somewhat not really clean, maybe it was too dark for them to clean,Overall still satisfied with the room, if you don't like dimmed room, stay out of this one,
2	Worst customer service for locals. They have a beautiful property but I was very sad to learn that when you check in they BOMBARD you with a ridiculous resort fee. Which happened to "change" the beginning of the month (conveniently RIGHT before viva). And the "manager" was absolutely no help. When I told her I wasn't happy with being SCREWED she pretty much told me to suck eggs. The front desk was trying to be helpful but you can tell they can't do ANYTHING and unfortunately the management is NO help. The property was gorgeous, their room was clean for the most part but it's pitiful how they take advantage of locals. sad to say that I won't be returning to the palms.
4	Pros:1. Easy in/out.  Parking is right there.  You're in your room in less than a minute2. The Jacuzzi tub is great.3. We had a great view from the 32nd floor.  Could see all of Vegas.4. Walking to the Palms (where the casino, restaurants, etc are) is easy.  Two minute walk in a covered airport-style moving walkway.Cons:1. It's not that old but it definitely looks worn in places - chipped paint, stained carpet, broken fixtures, scratched stainless steel.  They all contribute to the vibe of being in a B class hotel.  I guess that's what you get for marketing to the party crowd.2. I understand that some hotel decided a resort fee would be a good way to trick consumers into thinking they were paying less.  Then every hotel had to do it or it would like their hotel charged too much in search results and no one would book.  So now they all do it.  OK, but if you're going to charge me $28 w/ tax per night at least TRY to give me something so I don't feel totally ripped.  They only give you 12 hours of wifi and only for one device per night.  Come on!
4	We got our room for only $69/night using the Hotel Tonight app. Our room was really nice. It had a full kitchen in it, big bathroom with a huge tub and rain shower, and a balcony facing the strip. The hotel was nice but doesn't have a lot to offer for the $28/day resort fee. You have to walk pretty far to The Palms to get to the casino, bars, restaurants, and food court. For some reason the maids never came to clean our room. I had to call them for clean towels and toilet paper. Also, when you wake up in the morning (city view rooms), the first thing you hear is the loud music playing at the pool I think.
2	the rooms here are great, and it's quiet and peaceful which is nice when in Vegas. However this weekend my stuffed animal of 31 + years went missing from the room. I realize accidents happen and my guess is that housekeeping must have bundled him up while changing the sheets as I can't imagine someone would steal my teddy bear.   It's been 3 days,  when I first reported it to the front desk, they gave me their laundry services number. No apologies, no interest, no follow up.  I've called both the Palms and the laundry service every day since he has been missing. Every single time I call the Palms it is like they are hearing this for the first time, which means the staff doesn't know, which really reduces the probability that I will ever get him back.  I know it seems slightly silly to be so upset over  a stuffed animal, but his sentimental value is immeasurable to me.  And what is really bothering me is that I walked into that hotel room with an article of my personal property (a very cherished one at that) and I didn't leave with it. You would think that the hotel would have a better system in place for things like this and would be more communicative with it's staff in order to remedy the situation.    So while I have enjoyed these facilities in the past, their customer service in this instance is far below what I would consider satisfactory.
4	Got lucky and got a room for under $100. It said we booked a "studio" but when we got to our room, it was waaaay bigger than my standards of a studio. The room was beautiful and so was our view. I like how there was a bathtub right in the middle of the bedroom. That was a bit odd, but I loved  it! I just wished the kitchen sink worked. And, we also found that not all of the outlets worked. Though it is off the strip, I don't mind booking a room here again. Service was great and I like how they have a couple of restaurants open 24/7 inside of the hotel so we don't have to drive or catch a cab to get something to eat.
2	Started off my stay with no hot water. When I called the front desk they said they would  be sending someone up... No one showed. I called again... No one shows again.   I called again... Finally they tell me there's no hot water for the tower.  I request a new room with hot water and they said they would look and call me back... Nothing. I had to call again. Eventually, after an hour an a half I'm in a new room with hot water.  I understand that the hot water situation may be unavoidable but the lack of  communication and the lack of speedy service to resolve the issue... That's unacceptable.   I'm here on a short vacation and wasted an entire morning.  Not acceptable. The room is nice but run down. Things are breaking.  (See pictures.) Lots of deals to stay here and, well, now I know why.
2	We had a long day of driving.  Needed a place to shower and sleep.  We found a room at Palms Place.  When booking we were quoted $159.  When we checked in the total was $217 with resort fees.  Then they hit you with a $250 deposit.  Whatever we needed a place to sleep.We got up to the room.  It was a very nice room with the works.  It was very modern complete with mini bar , fridge, dishes, even a dishwasher.  We were impressed right up until we tried to take a shower.  There was no hot water.  I called and asked about the water.  They stated they were aware of it and were working on it.  I figured it would get resolved.  Obviously they put me into a room that they knew had no water.  We woke up at 5:30 still no water.  I called again.  They said that we could use the spa to get ready.We explained that we had two small children and that would not work.  They called us back 20 minutes later and said they had another room but it would have to be cleaned first.  An hour later we had the keys to another room 26 floors below us.We move all of our stuff to the new room.  We open the door only to find the room reeks of weed.  This might be nice if your there to party, but we needed showers.  We go to get a shower, no towels.   20 minutes later we get the towels, but the weed smell is still overwhelming.  We bathe one kid and decide to leave.I go down to check out and explained the situation to the manager.  There solution was to comp half of the rack rate.  It cost we $96 bucks in the end with no shower.  After looking on yelp, I found that $96 bucks is actually there special rate.Thanks for nothing.  The hotel looks like it could have potential but it is certainly miss managed.  After reading other reviews, I guess others were given new rooms that night, but not us.  We sure would have liked to try the large jacuzzi tub and big shower.  Too bad for us.  Don't waste your time or money.  There are plenty of other places to stay in Vegas.While I was writing this review my wife spent 20 minutes on the phone with the duty manager.  He did offer his apologies and took the charge off.  Thank you Jeremy for making it right.  Added another star.
2	If nothing goes wrong, this is an okay place to stay. If anything, and I mean anything goes wrong, you will have to call front desk multiple times to get it fixed. Service here is hit or miss and generally not great. Recently, I found a condom on my balcony, no big deal, assholes come to vegas to act like fools and get wasted, I'm sure some prick from some other state thought it would be fun to bang someone and then toss the rubber off the balcony. Kind of an asshole move but whatever, it landed on my balcony, shit happens. So I call the front desk to have someone clean it up, then I go to lunch. Back 2 hrs later and it's still there, so I call again, wait another hour and then call again. Finally they sent someone who was helpful and sympathetic. Still, had to make 3 calls, speak to 7 people and wait 4 hours to get this taken care of, this is merely one example, bullshit like this is an all too common occurrence. Nice looking hotel, given a choice though, I would stay somewhere else. And if you do decide to stay here, please don't throw your rubbers off the balcony.
2	Nice rooms.  Great view from your own private balcony.  The amenities are just ok and you are off the beaten path.  Was checked into a room on the 52nd floor, unfortunately they were doing construction on the room above.  Woke up to jack hammers every morning.  I just don't think the staff understand that you should not book rooms below construction.  Might come back again but there are better values.
1	I am a business traveler and this is the first and last time I will use Jet Luxury at Palms Place!  I paid the low rate for the hotel room.  What the don't tell you is that if you want the room to be serviced (i.e. Bed to be made or bathroom cleaned), you have to pay extra for that.The TV did not work when I checked in.  I called down to the front desk and they said because we booked through Jet Luxury, I have to request service through something called "the inner circle",   They put me through and I left a voice mail.  No one called back and no TV for the night.  I spent an hour the next morning between the hotel, jet Luxury and the Inner a Circle trying to get service.  Finally after I started yelling, I got a maintenance guy to come up and it was an electrical switch that took them 5 minutes to fix. No offer of a discount or even an apology!Never NEVER will I use them again!  I am pretty disappointed in the way Palms Place handled the issue too.  There response was. It's a rental unit through Jet Luxury and we can't help until Jet Luxury puts Ina. Work order.
4	I have stayed here twice and it is one of the best rooms I have stayed at. I have stayed in the studio suite with a very comfortable king size bed. The kitchenette is awesome way to save money by making your own food. The bathroom with its huge shower and Jacuzzi tub is the best way to relax after a long day or night.It is an off strip hotel but worth it just for the size and comfort. The staff, was very pleasant with us both times, there is no knocking on the door for house keeping, just leave your room and the green light on and come back in a few hours to a clean room.It can be a hassle to walk over to the Palms to gamble or even get a snack, but the difference between the two hotels is night and day.
5	Rooms are super trendy, beds are very comfortable. You have a small kitchenette with fridge, microwave, cooker, etc so it great for longer stays. And you basically won't find anything like this on the strip near this price.I give Palms Place five stars because of value, but it helps if it suits your needs. If you want to be set back off the strip a few blocks and don't want the hustle and bustle of a casino as you come and go this place is perfect. If you're in the mood for the usual Vegas craziness it just a short walk via the automated walkway over to the main Palms resort. Which has the casino, party pool, clubs, imax movie theater, restaurants etc.I come to Vegas for work and Palms Place suites me down to the ground, if I am entertaining customers and want a little action we just head over to Palms or grab a $5 cab ride to the strip. I have stayed everywhere in Vegas and Palms Place is now my regular spot.You have to book a high floor with a strip view or else it kinda sucks. Mountain side is decent if you like to sleep until noon as it doesn't get the morning sun.
5	We stayed at the Palms Place Spa and Resort and I have to admit I was impressed. The Palms is on Flamingo Ave. a little bit off the Las Vegas strip so it does not come across as overly crowded like the hotels on the Las Vegas Strip. The decor outside is hp. I stayed 2 nights in a studio suite which is spacious, king size bed, two screen tvs, alot of channels and HBO, has a fully stocked frig as well as one for your own stuff, spacious closets with iron/board, microwave and kitchen sink. The bathroom came with a jacuzzi. Real modern stylish decor.The is the pool on the 6th floor. The walk to the casino is a little strange as you walk through the tube on the 2nd floor and then take the elevator down to the casino.Spacious full sized casino w/ lots of slot machines, sports book, gaming tables.....I like this place and I will return. Two nights cost me around, $239.00 plus $25.00 per night resort fee.  Resort fee covers use of pool that closes at 6pm, wi-fi in the room, use of work out room, and spa. There are nice restaurants and clubs here as well but I could not afford to go after hitting the casino.
2	Just stayed here for Memorial Day weekend and I wish I didn't. I am a vegas regular traveling there mostly for sun, pool time, and pampering about 2 times a year. I have stayed here before and had a good experience, but it has been about 4 years. I usually like to stay at the Wynn, Aria, Cosmo or Palazzo. I spend a lot of money at the hotels I stay at and I expect them to accommodate my every request. Vegas hotels are very good at providing this sort of excellent customer service. The palms place and the palms do not provide this sort of service. The rooms are luxurious, but don't be fooled this is not a luxury hotel. The clientele at this hotel is ruff and so I can see why they do some of the things they do, but at times we felt like we were inmates in some sort of prison resort and that security was the prison guards. We got a cabana at ditch Friday and our waitress was very nice but limited drink selection, nasty bar type food, and a really Walmart ghetto scene made our experience underwhelming.  For example I tried to make a request for the bar to have a particular type of Brazilian rum I drink on hand (never had a problem at any other Vegas pool meeting this request) and they said they couldn't do it.  Pros: Luxurious roomsGreat views Comfortable bedsExcellent spaAmazing marble jetted tub & 2 headed showerCons:Lot of small things in rooms brokenLots of un-customer friendly policiesRuff clientele ( pool closed because someone threw bottles out their window)Agro security guardsSeveral request met with the words "we don't do that here" I recommend you spend a little bit more and stay at a real hotel.
4	Out of all the Vegas hotels off the strip, Palms Place is probably the best match for those seeking a trendy, elegant, and affordable experience, either for travel or pleasure.I stayed at PP's studio suite in 2013 for business travel. For only $69 per weekday (plus $20/day resort fee), it was about half the price of comparable suites located on the strip. PP's suite covered 600 square feet, comfortable for 2 people and spacious enough to fit 4 or more guests.I was most impressed with the suite's comfortable setting and contemporary layout. Right by the entrance, you are welcomed with a mini kitchen to store groceries in a refrigerator or cook a light meal with the microwave or electric stove. The center of the room is furnished with a king sized bed fitted with silky Italian bedding. A Panasonic plasma 42" TV is conveniently mounted on the wall across from the bed. You'll notice that the flooring is constructed with hardwood, which adds to the room's architectural elegance. If you continue walking towards the windows and brush aside the curtains, a view of the strip will be revealed to you, which is brilliant during nighttime. Relax on the modern sofa bed by the window and watch the secondary TV while you unwind from a long business event or a crazy night on the strip.The suite's bathroom was a memorable signature of PP. It's decorated with marbled walls and sink tops, stylish light designs, and a glass door shower, which make you wake up feeling like an executive. There's even a mini TV installed by the sink so that you don't miss a beat from a close sports game while taking a dump. For times when you want to entertain guests, there is a small jetted tub available behind the shower. Because my check-in was delayed due to a computer reservation problem, the friendly front desk clerk issued me two free passes to Drift Spa. Admission is typically $15 for hotel guests. The facilities were spotless and once I entered the spa, I was greeted by professional maintainers who handed me tomato juice and showed me around the facilities. I noticed that the spa is compact but still featured the usual sauna, relax lounge, and steam rooms. The standout was their hammam, a large Turkish co-ed steam bath with elegant lighting. This was the most relaxing feature of the spa. I released a week's worth of tension and negative energy in that room. I was however not a fan of the spa' opening hours, 6am to 7pm. Closing at 7pm made it difficult to enjoy the facilities since my business events typically ended at 6pm. The Palms Casino and dining options at this hotel are not as highly rated as the options available on the strip. With exception to Earl of Sandwich by the casino, I don't see any reason why I would spend money at the hotel restaurants. Although the amenities and value of Palms Place are unbeatable for a hotel off the strip, the main limitation is inherently the hotel's location. Being off the strip is a factor that could turn away prospective visitors from booking this hotel. Just as a warning, from your room, you have to cross the skybridge to get to Palms Casino (5 to 10 minutes) and then walk ~20 minutes or drive/cab 5 to 10 minutes to get to the strip. This may not be convenient for people spending a significant amount of time on the strip. However, if you have a rental car, won't be going to the strip too often, or are only in Vegas for business, then I cannot think of a more ideal place to stay off the strip besides Palms Place.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed here for our first vegas trip a couple months ago because we got a really good groupon deal, and we absolutely enjoyed our stay here!! The room was spacious and clean, and even though we didn't have time to use it, I loved that there were burners to do a little cooking if you feel like it! The shower was amazing, and we loved the bathtub as well! The robes were super comfy! Only downside was that there were no vending machines, or if there were, we couldn't find them. We had to go all the way to the gift shop in the casino to get water/snacks! But I would definitely recommend staying here!
1	the staff is not the friendliest, maybe it has to do with the fact that the drum and bass starts at 8am!!! this hotel sucks if you want to sleep in and nurse a hangover!
4	This hotel is not perfect but I would stay here again.  My wife and I arrived Thursday, June 12, 2014 and left Saturday, June 14.. We're 40 which is about 15 years over their target demo but we knew that going in. We had babysitting for the weekend and wanted to do the no-kids Vegas thing. We encountered no one under 18 our entire stayPro's:- Rooms have a chic modern design. We stayed in a studio King. Kitchens w/ stainless steel cabinets, stove, refrigerator.  Check out pictures other have posted. Great closets.- Kitchen area is large and usable for real cooking and food storage. Feel free to bring more than popcorn and water bottles.- Large tiled bathroom with 2 person jet spa tub.- 2 flat screen TVs- Bed was very comfortable.- We had a beautiful view of the strip- Relatively quiet by Vegas standards. You have access to the craziness of the Palms but don't have to sleep there.- The easiest LV hotel I've ever stayed at in regarding in and out access. We were able to leave by car and get back to the room quickly by valet. Self parking is covered and also pretty close.- The Palm Place pool (not the Palms pool) looked great but was closed due to wind so we didn't get to check it out closely.Con's:- Staff seems hit or miss.  I'm guessing it's not well managed. The person who checked us in was polite & very professional. When we went to the concierge to ask for help with tickets to Cirque du Soleil, he handed us a stack of brochures (while chewing gum loudly) and said "I think there should be some coupons in here," never offering to help us find/buy tickets or giving us any info about the show. He was nice but clueless about what a concierge is supposed to do. - Not much to do at Palms Place. For us this was a pro because it kept crowds and noise down.  If you're looking to gamble, eat and sleep at the same place, PP is not for you. - Rooms showed signs of abuse that aren't typical of a high-end hotel. Room wasn't dirty but there was a oil-looking stain on the carpet and some light stains on the bathroom wall. Also, it looked like someone tried to ram/kick the door in at one point, about 15 dents in the door. I'm grading a bit on a curve because people tend to go nuts in Vegas and do things that would never even occur to them at the Embassy Suites in Portland.    - To market the amenities of the Palms as part of Palms Place is a little misleading. Both are on the same grounds but if you're there for the fist pumping party crowd, you really want to stay at the Palms. Palms Place worked out better for our needs but it was a complete accident - it wasn't until we checked in that I realized we weren't at the Palms.
3	We visit the Palms Place almost every time we visit Las Vegas. You really can't beat the value. I usually give the Palms 4 stars however on our last visit I noticed the rooms are starting to show some wear. My guess is is the 2 star price brings 2 star people to what should be a 3-4 star hotel. To bad as the rooms are quite nice. My biggest gripe though, we decided to bring my sister and brother in law as we praised the hotel. Upon going into their room we noticed a floor lamp missing (the tall white one usually by the window) a missing red lamp by the bed and finally the light attached the the wall in the living room area wasn't working. We knew things were missing because we've stayed here 4 times in the last 12 months so we're familiar with the rooms. (Our room 15316 was fine, their room 15306 wasn't) The thing is, while these rooms are nice, the lighting really brings things together, without the darn lights, it just sort of kills the mood. My sister is the quiet type and generally doesn't like to complain, I called the front desk (got reservations) and the lady stated she'd make a note on the account so their room wasn't charged for the missing items. Honestly though? They should have sent maintence up. While we personally haven't had any issues with the hotel, my family wasn't impressed and will not be returning. It's too bad because we've always been lucky and had great looking rooms. Bad luck I suppose. Things happen but it could have been handled better. On a positive note I have to say, as always, the Valet here are top notch. The vehicles arrive within 5 minutes more often than not. That's impressive for any valet let alone Las Vegas. We drove our White Toyota (it's new) and there were no scratches,  no dials messed with and seats left in their correct position. They always asked if we needed directions when leaving. We're familiar with the area and never do but it's still a nice touch. There girl that works night shift (brown/reddish hair) was always friendly and quick to pick up the car. Didn't catch her name though. Bell Service was fast and top notch and the front desk staff were friendly. We dealt with the front desk staff on multiple occasions (late checkout, change etc) they were always friendly. If they were talking and noticed us walking up they all attended their stations and looked at us ready to assist. Nice!We gambled a little in the casino and the cocktails waitresses were prompt and friendly. I'm sure we'll give the Palms Place another go (We might make a jump over to the M to see how they are) but honestly, my biggest advice for the higher ups? Get your rooms to match your awesome staff. it's really the only draw back. The staff are probably the only reason we'll give the Palms yet another go!
3	The Pros:The rooms were extremely nice: spacious with great, open floor plans (including a kitchen); bathrooms with a waterfall shower, which I had no idea what I was missing out on until now. I honestly don't know how I've lived without one haha.  They also have a jacuzzi tub with very powerful jets that shot out all over the bathroom causing my parents to temporarily become house keepers as they cleaned up all the water.  The beds and pillows were comfortable and the room had three televisions: one was located in the "bedroom" area, one in the "living room" area and one in the bathroom (note that those areas are in quotes because the way the room was laid out the bedroom and living room were adjacent but it was an open floor plan so there's no physical barriers or dividers between the two rooms).  The living room has a really nice l-shaped sofa and an extra chair with a coffee table and side table.  The staff was incredibly friendly as well as the other guests in the hotel. They made every attempt to accommodate our requests and were helpful in suggesting places around the area to checkout.The location is convenient although you're not in the center of the action.  I was okay with this though, because the strip is literally less than a 5 minute drive and being secluded away from all the lights, blaring horns, screaming people and other activity was great for getting a good night's rest unless you want flashbacks to your college housing days.  The Cons:The carpeting in the living area was awkward.  It's a weird dark brown color that's awkwardly placed and "dips down" into the floor and in my case, the carpet was not cleaned before my check-in (which on dark brown it showed everything).The cable and Wi-Fi here are terrible.  I work in technology so I was having withdrawals due to the fact that I could not get AT&T coverage here at all. My phone and tablet would bounce between 1 bar of LTE, 2-3 bars of 4G or "No Service" / "Searching." This means I had to heavily rely on the WiFi at the hotel which was free with an asterisk (it is Vegas after all).   You get 1MB for 1 device and 5MB is $6.99.  The television cable did not work 3/4 of the time.  You'd be watching something and it would start to cut in and out to the point where it was not watchable at all because it would cut out for long periods at a time. The people who came up with the room service charges should go to jail for extortion.  At first glance, the prices on the room service menu don't look all that bad - yes, there's a markup, but yes you're in Vegas.  Then you read the small print and it states that all orders carry a $5 delivery fee AND 19% gratuity.  So for instance, a $6 cup of tea (yes it really was $6 and hell no I didn't order one) would end up actually being $13.09.  That would even make Starbucks blush with embarrassment.
1	Pulled the old bait and switch!  booked a large suite with a kitchen 6 MONTHS in advance.  Brought food and after a 6 hour drive when we attempted to check in we were told that they overbooked and we would need to go to the Palms, they were giving us a suite that was 1200 sq feet smaller and no kitchen!  The explanation they gave was it is not their fault if other guests choose to stay longer?  UM YES IT IS, you can't let guests stay in a room that was reserved by other GUESTS 6 MONTHS earlier!  Then they did the old, well we can't help you because you booked through HOTELS.com.  If you can't fix your mistake because I booked through a third party site, don't offer your rooms to third party sites.    Their offer for all of this headache?  refund of resort fees, 50 food credit, free refrigerator (normally a 30 dollar charge)  BS!!!!  beware when booking the big suites at Palms Place via third party sites.  I really expected so much more from the Palms!!!
1	Rude staff the employees and security stay away! I worked in this industry for 15 years and this place is unbelievably mismanaged.
4	Stayed here last weekend for the first time...absolutely loved the friendly staff!  Always impressive to receive great service.  The room was nice, however I would come back based on the service from the staff alone:)
2	Their "2 Bedroom Suite" is NOT a 2 bedroom suite! It is a SEPERATE 1 bedroom and a studio WITH NO ATTATCHED DOOR! they are just across from each other! This hotel ruined my weekend plans by selling something that they did not have. never in the description did they say it was 2 seperate rooms, so once we arrived and checked in on 4th of July weekend, there was nothing we could do! If you are just looking for a 1 bedroom suite? Then it is absolutely beautiful! BUT do not go looking for one big suite with 2 bedrooms, does not exist!
5	We booked a room for $90 total, which is really decent for a resort/casino so close to the strip. When I asked if they had any upgrades available, they went ahead and upgraded us to a 1200 sq ft. room with a strip view for free. The room was clean and had everything I needed, and the staff provided anything I asked for or any information I needed. Absolutely amazing view of the strip from the 19th floor as well. The buffet was reasonably priced, and had a much wider variety than I expected. For $90 a night, this place was great.
4	This place is freakin' magical after a nightmare at Palace Station. My lovely boyfriend had decided to leave that hotel for this one. I have never stayed at Palms Place before, so I didn't know what to expect. From my understanding my boyfriend normally stays here. Considering that he chose a horrible place to be the night before, I was a little reluctant to see what I was in store for. Upon entering, everything was clean, and looked sleek in my opinion. Very modern, and chic. Lobby is a bit small, but it's not too bad. Now this review is strictly for the Studio Suite. I was told that it was pricey since my boyfriend booked it just 12 hours prior. When you walk in, straight away is the bathroom. It's a sliding door, and I may have accidentally slammed it a few times, scaring myself. I feel like there should be a rubber lining to diminish that slamming sound. The bathroom was also very modern.  I wasn't too crazy about the arrangement of the shower & bath though. When you open the shower door, you have about a 3 x 3 space for the shower. There's the regular shower head, and a separate rainfall shower (which wasn't huge at all). Now in that space, it also leads to a whirlpool bathtub (which I did like). I just thought the placement was very odd. The vanity mirror near the sink was loose. I tried moving the mirror up, but it wouldn't hold. The view that we had was nothing special. It was just the parking structure. The strip look so far away. The casino looked like it could use up more of the space they had open. But most of the workers looked happy. My boyfriend was at the Pai Gow table, and I had an interesting time talking to some of the dealers. They also have a decent beer selection. I'm a craft beer type of person, and I can't complain about the beers I've had. Now the reason why I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5, is because while I enjoyed my stay, it wasn't amazing. There weren't too many options on things to do, other than gamble really. You can easily take a cab to the strip sure, but I would rather be on the strip.
3	The off strip location was a nice change of pace. Rooms are roomy with a kitchenette. Bed was comfortable. I was relaxed. That being said, we were there for a wedding and had to walk over to the Palms for everything. I didn't visit their pool or restaurant so I can't comment on those but they are available as well as a spa.We were originally given a room with a handicapped bathroom. I slipped on the floor after a shower because there is no door or curtain. Called the desk and because they were booked they said we could switch rooms the next day. When the time came, we called down again, they told us 20 minutes. Good thing we didn't wait on them because we never received a callback and it was more like 2 hours. I would stay here again if all I wanted to do was get away from it all, but the convenience of the strip is much more appealing because after all, it is Vegas.
1	the room is dirty especially the bed which has bread crumb. i guess they didnt clean the room when we check in. the room is small. compare palm place to other hotel, this is the worst.
1	PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COST! THIS PLACE WILL RIP YOU OFF FOR NO REASON!My friends and I stayed at a 'two room suite' from July 18-20. 1. it does NOT have two rooms. it has ONE bed and a couch with a pull out.2. the balcony was locked due to 'security reasons'. did we get a discount? nope.THIS WAS NOT THE PROBLEM!We stayed for only two nights. but 5 whole nights later, they charged the card over $800 for 'a broken mirror under the sink'. they claimed that they were notified on July 20th (the last day of our stay). So how come no one told us right after they knew? um... what?1. why is there a mirror under the sink??? 2. what kind o mirror is over $800So how do we know that housekeeping didn't break the mirror and then notified it. how do we even know if it happened on july 20th? How do we know if housekeeping didn't just break it first and then is blaming us? is there even a broken mirror?We asked for proof. they said they had pics. and yet, where are the pictures? The manager there is THE WORST. they don't care about the customer. their attitude is 'we really dont care what you say. we are right'. NO this is not fair. they have no proof and don't want to work with us! SCAMMERS! BE AWARE! CHECK EVERYTHING BEFORE YOU LEAVE! but mostly just avoid this god saken place. i would have rather gone to best western.
2	Such a disappointment!  The faucet leaked (fixed by the second day of our stay), the Jacuzzi bath was not working (fixed by the second day but sounds like a jet engine taking off!), two of the lamps didn't have bulbs, bath robes by request only (and they take forever to get them to you), and they TAX the Resort Fee!  YES, that's right.  They added an additional $6. to the $25. per night resort fee as a tax.  I think this is illegal, but after all we had to put up with, I just paid it and left.  The room looks great when you enter and the view is cool, but after you've been in the room for an hour all of the flaws become obvious.  For example, there are cracks in the ceiling above the bath tub that had been poorly repaired. Wi-Fi is "free" with the $25. resort fee but is only good for ONE device, so if your girlfriend wants to use her IPAD you'll have to pay a daily fee for the second device.  They charge you for every little thing.   NOT A FOUR STAR HOTEL.
2	Pros- -ambience is nice -good sized rooms -nice view -fancy equipment -beds are really soft Cons- -bad/rude service -wifi is basically worthless -showers.... its either you take a scalding hot shower or an ice cold one... -lighting is trash -expensive-balcony literally blocked of like were some kind of 3 year olds -The smell in the room is death...Overall, there are much better places to stay in Vegas where you don't have to pay these ridiculous prices and still get better service and a better hotel experience.
4	Overall great stay. It is very pricey to stay here. But to me its worth it. People at the pool are very picky. Club was fun. Buffet was good just remember to get the players cars. One negative is a driver named aura he's a jerk and a hustler!!! Palms should get rid of him.
1	Don't get me wrong.  This place is definitely better than Palace Station, but I've had better hotels in Vegas than Palms Place with less money spent.  Where do I start?1.  Balcony was locked for security reason - I wish I had read the Yelp reviews before I book this hotel.  Why do they bother to have the balconies if the balconies are not meant to be accessible.  Just so they can charge a premium on the rooms?2.  The kitchen in the room has a stove top, a sink, a dish washier, but no cook wares, no dinner wares, no utensils...  Again, they don't expect you to use the kitchen.  It's just there so they can charge a premium.3.  Virtually non-existent Wifi 4.  Poor lighting in the room and the light fixtures are cheap and flimsy.5.  Bathroom is poorly maintained - We had a large jetted tub with marble tiles, but it looks like crap.  There is very poor bond between the grout and the tile's edges.  The shower drain looks disgusting.  Don't expect double sink in the luxury suite, because it's not there.6.  We have a TV in the bedroom and one in the "sitting area", but the TV at the "sitting area" is not even hook up.....  Really?7.  Palms Place has its own pool on the 6th floor of the tower, away from the Palms, but Palms Place's pool is basically a kiddie pool - a small, shallow pool with a ton of kids.  The entire pool area is small and it's closed off, so it's almost closterfobic.  We went to the pool at the Palms, instead.I am not complaining about walking from Palms Place to Palms, because I am trying to be more active and healthy.  I almost did 1,000 steps from walking to the pool at Palms and back to our room.
2	Stayed in a studio suite. Room was nice and clean, however I did not see the point of having a balcony if it had to be "locked for our safety". Check-out line was horrendous and took FUCKING FOREVER. We were not able to check out using the tv and had the same single file line for everything - no matter what your concern was. We tried to call down to valet parking from our room to have our car pulled around before we get downstairs and there's never anyone monitoring the phone lines in the valet office. Overall, place seemed understaffed so if efficient customer service is important to you, then I wouldn't recommend staying here. But if you only need nice, clean rooms for moderate prices, then by all means give Palms Place a try.
5	Loved my massage.  The best ever!!!  I didn't know what to expect, but am pleasantly surprised at the relaxing setting and music, private rooms, and great massage.  There's a medium size pool outside for socializing, a small hot pool inside, and a tiny pool cold pool.
3	Great place great view, great food , only few draw backs, balcony doors are locked, that is not cool, at least charge a deposit, haven to look at a balcony u cannot access, sucks,  gym closes at 7 that is ridiculous, room was dusty, no protein drinks , in lobby store, muscle milk or naked juice would b nice ,not a badd place , overAll
1	Where do I begin?Last year we stayed at palms place and it was magical. This trip was the complete opposite.1.the room i paid for was not available even though i called the day before letting them know i was arriving late. The front desk tried to upgrade me to their ivory tower but the reason i wanted the room was for the amazing bath tub. Instead i got a two queen bed and was told i could change rooms the next day.ok fine no problem.2.what they failed to mention is that there was a party three rooms down. If you know there is a party please give your other guests the option of a different room before you put them*that room.tell them there is a party.be honest. I heard guests screaming,yelling all hours of the night and i was not here to party.my best friend graduated from the police academy and i had to be up early to see her graduation ceremony.3. I called I  to management and spoke with James. He said he'd be happy to move me then go palms place but i was in Pjs and was too tired to deal with the track over there. (2 back surgeries will do that to you) he said he'd pit in notes and had a room on hold for me so i could move that next morning.4.called the next morning and was told there was nothing in notes and no room on hold for me. I had to explain everything to another manager who then agreed to move me like James promised.5. The new room was great or so i thought.6.the one thing i really wanted was a stupid bath. It was the whole reason i picked that original room and was then moved to the palms place. Guess what didn't work??? The bath!!!! The drain stopper was broken and while i had planned on taking a bath figured I'd call in to get if fixed after a shower.7.while finishing getting ready i pulled back the sheets i slept in the night before.....only to find dirty stains all on the corner which leads me to believe i slept in someone's dirty nasty unwashed sheets with body fluids on them.At that point i was done. (Also should note, phones didn't work, no plates or utensils in kitchenette and the room looked like it was the spare they used when too full.just not taken care of.)I decided to call living social who booked my hotel. I planned on leaving early and getting a different hotel since I'd just slept in someone else's filth. Living social was wonderful and called the hotel to try and get this resolved. The hotel and manager Chris Glen flat out refused any sort of solution to fixing any of this and my unhappiness. Living social apologized and have me 200.00 living social bucks. I packed my stuff and my car and tried to speak too the front desk manager. (Viktoria) i explained the full situation and asked for a refund for the nights i was leaving early.age said she could not do that but did refund my hotel resort fee and minibar item i purchased. She also said she had to speak to Chris since he put in notes and she was not able to over ride any of his decisions.She said she would call me though once she was able to get this resolved.I've not been called and was supposed to hear from her later last night.I was so impressed with their rooms and service last year but i will never stay at the palms or palms place again.I've booked the cosmopolitan for the last two nights I'm here and am so happy with their service and rooms.Any errors and mistypes are due to my phone.thanks!
1	Wow where to begin?!Let me start off by saying VICTORIA is the biggest bitch!Now let me clarify.  I'm a local. We went to Palms to do something special for my wife's bday. I was convinced by Palms booking agent over the phone that the Palms Place tower was the place to be. What a fucking joke. THE BALCONY WAS LOCKED! I called the front desk and they told me that they recently decided that ALL balconies would be off limits. What am I in fucking kindergarten?! When I called to have my balcony unlocked I spoke to Victoria.  She told me it was a new policy. When I told her it was unacceptable and asked to be moved to a different tower she refused. I informed her I felt misled. She said she would listen to the recorded phone call of me booking the room to see if I was truly misled. SERIOUSLY?!!!!!? I told her that she wouldn't hear me being told the balcony would be unlocked BUT she also wouldn't hear me being told it would be locked! When I told her it was not acceptable and I wanted to be moved to a different tower she refused. She said I was already In the room (15 mins) and would be charged FULL PRICE!. After a lot (seriously a lot) of bitching on my part, Victoria told me if I was out of the room in 30 mins I would get a full refund.  So of course, out of principal, I rounded everyone up and we left.  There was a scene In  the lobby where I called VICTORIA out about  being a bitch. I said you were so rude to me on the phone and now that we're face to face you want to be quiet. I WAS FURIOUS! She threatened to call security...i said fucking call metro. Sure enough security came and belive it or not but THEY WERE ON MY SIDE! They were the most respectful people I encountered all day at the Palms. I was still angry and telling them how great the Palms used to be and that the Maloof family sold at the perfect time because the Palms is just going down hill.  They agreed and said you have no idea how often we hear this. LONG STORY SHORT...FUCK THE PALMS AND STAY AWAY....GO TO THE COSMOPOLITAN.....BALCONIES ARE OPEN AND PEOPLE TREAT YOU WITH RESPECT!!!!!!!
1	DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL -- MONEY AND JEWELRY STOLEN FROM LOCKED ROOM!!!Don't get me wrong because I've had many pleasant past experiences at this hotel, so much that I've even planned 4 different bachelorette parties over the years with 15+ girls each time staying at this hotel, but this trip was pretty much a nightmare and I never want to stay at this hotel again.Our bachelorette party checked in this past Friday to 3 different suites, and after pre-partying we went out that night to the strip around 12am and didn't return to our rooms until around 4am.  I've had friends who have had things stolen out of their hotel rooms before so I was super paranoid about everyone being drunk and not making sure the door was locked when we left so I clearly remember pulling the door shut, hearing it lock and I pushed back on it to make sure it didn't open before heading to the elevator. I thought this action would cause any major situation from being avoided but I was wrong.  The next day before heading back out to the strip for day club, I went to my large purse to refill cash from my large wallet into my much smaller clutch more suitable for a pool party (I section out my money in order to prevent myself from spending it all when drunk).  This is when I discovered that all the $20 bills out of my wallet had been removed, leaving only the $1s and $5s behind.  At first my girlfriends thought I had been drunk enough to go downstairs to gamble or to buy food but I reminded them that this hotel has no casino and no restaurants and that I was the first in bed that night.  To make me feel better, one of my girlfriends said she would check her wallet too and to her surprised all her $50s and $100s were missing.  The same problem with a 3rd girl in our room -- all her $100s were gone.  I called the front desk who sent a security guard up to help us file a report.  We had let the guard know that we were gone between the hours of 12-4am and asked if they could check the security cameras for anyone going into our room.  After filling out a form to list what was missing, we were told by the security guard that the hotel "will always follows up with guests after a report is filed". The security guard then basically told us sorry but that she couldn't do anything for us other than file the report...I was already upset, but what ended up pissing me off about the whole situation was when security called me on my cell while at I was at a day party to ask if we knew any other guests staying at the hotel -- I let them know we had 2 other rooms booked in our party and I even gave them their room #s, that's when security basically insinuated that it was probably one of our friends from one of the other rooms who had gone in our room and stolen from us!! I could NOT BELIEVE they were trying to tell me this, and I was INFURIATED.  Despite this, I very calmly let the security person know that the only people who had been in our room prior to our money and jewelry missing were the ones registered to the room, and we were the only ones who had key cards.  The security kept asking if I was sure, and I told them to check the cameras and they would see that I wasn't lying.It wasn't until after we returned to pool party and we were getting ready for dinner that I also noticed that several bracelets, earrings and necklaces missing from inside of a jewelry bag had stored in my zipped up suitcase. This definitely added more salt to the wound.Seeing that it is Vegas, I can get over having my money stolen as I probably would have spent it on alcohol or gambled it away anyway.  It's the jewelry I am more upset about since there were items that were personal to me.In total, our room had about $1000 worth of CASH AND JEWELRY STOLEN FROM OUR LOCKED HOTEL ROOM !!!!Overall, I am extremely horrified at the lack of sensitivity displayed by the Palms Place hotel staff and management. No apologies were offered for what happened in our room by any management, and no one even offered to switch us rooms so we would at least feel safer.  The hotel staff was very uncooperative, unprofessional, untrustworthy, uncaring and very insensitive. PLEASE DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!! It is very unsafe -- you may be robbed and if that were to happen, the management will not care about you or anything you will have lost.FYI, IT'S 3 DAYS LATER AND I STILL HAVE HAD NO FOLLOW UP FROM THE MANAGEMENT AND NO HOTEL STAFF HAS RETURNED MY CALLS OR EMAIL ABOUT THE REPORT WE FILED.
2	The Palms Place was a bit of a disappointment, and not what I would consider on par with a luxury hotel.  When I first checked in, the front desk staff was not particularly accommodating or particularly rude...they were just there.  It was an underwhelming check in experience.  There is of course the anger of the $25 charge for absolutely nothing, but that is to be expected everywhere in Vegas. The music was blaring so loudly in the lobby and valet area, it was almost deafening.  Don't get me wrong...I"m not some old fart who happened to accidentally book a hip hotel...that is what I was looking for.  But...there is a fine line between hip and overdone...the Palms lobby was trying way to hard to be cool.  I felt like I was in a washed up nightclub, fully expecting a party promoter to hand me a leaflet for somewhere to go that evening.There was a lot of activity in the lobby, which is to be expected at a nice place, but it seemed to me it was mostly employees and valets, hanging out with their buds.  Even with all the employees, no one opened doors, or offered to help with luggage....or even greeted us.   The first entry into the lobby, and every entry after that during our 5 day stay was neither accommodating or welcoming.  Oddly, the most cordial of my interactions with the staff was upon check out.  That employee was extremely friendly.....it was probably the first genuine smile I noticed during my entire stay. The architecture and design of the hotel itself is nice, and has stayed current even though it is a few years old.  I like the dark elevator lobby, and the dark hallways with the single window facing west on each floors' elevator area.  When you walk into the room, it's bright, airy and well designed.  It is a very nice first impression.  It does not take long to realize what all is missing.  Our room was extremely dusty and borderline dirty.  The carpet needed to be replaced. There were scratches all over the furniture and hardwood floor.  The sofa had stains and the wallpaper was staring to peel around the edges.  There were several burned out light bulbs. The bathroom was just flat out dirty.  The shower heads had extreme build up, and the glass door in the shower needed to be descaled.  The grout around the tub had mildew, and the mirrors were spotted. If this were a Motel 6, it would be acceptable..but that's not what this place is.  The entire room just looks unkempt.  The towels were of cheap quality, and there were no robes at all.  Even the amenities like shampoo, lotions, toilet paper, pens, writing pads, and in-room coffee were all sub-par from other hotels Ive stayed at of this supposed caliber.   I've had nicer shampoo and in-room coffee at an Embassy Suites traveling for work. Then of course there is the balcony situation.  I had read the doors were locked, so it was no surprise. But really, it's just an embarrassment for this hotel's management if they can't contain a few rowdy people from throwing furniture off the balcony, and not be able to get a system in place to prevent it from happening again.  The balconies are a design feature of the hotel, and an excellent advantage over many other Vegas hotels.  It's a bad business decision not to allow guests to utilize them. I was so taken back by the whole experience, I did a little research into the Palms and discovered they have been experiencing financial difficulties.   So, I am assuming they are in extreme cost cutting mode.  Well...it shows, and I can only imagine the cascading effect those cost cutting decisions will have for the future of the property. I doubt I will go back to the Palms on my next Vegas visit, even if heavily discounted.  There are much nicer places closer to the action for the same amount of money.  Or for just a few dollars more (or maybe even the same price depending on how you book) you could have the experience you were expecting at the Palms somewhere else...The Venetian or Wynn perhaps...
1	Nikki S. said it all.  I rarely give out one stars, but this place deserves it.MONEY STOLEN. DO NOT COME HERE. UNSAFE.Long story short. Some of my girls and I got our money and jewelry stolen from our LOCKED hotel room.  Filed a report and all we got from the security was a sorry and she couldn't do anything but file a report (i understand, she's only security).  Therefore, we went to the front desk and the hotel staff were terrible.  No help whatsoever. They didn't give a crap.  No apologies. Unprofessional and uncaring.  WE had to suggest if we could switch rooms cause we felt unsafe!Nice hotel and all, but who would ever come here after that happened? #byefelicia.
1	Like Nikki S. And Jennifer K. said below...please steer clear from this hotel.It was my bachelorette party and we all had stayed here before, that is why we all decided to book our suites here for the weekend.  Money and jewelry was stolen from one of the rooms some of the girls were staying at and upon requesting help from management, I honestly think we were better off staying at a hotel that actually cared about their guests.  I don't care if it was $60 or $6000 dollars that was lost, management still should've been more responsive.  I am utterly appalled at the lack of sensitivity and urgency upon handling the situation.  Management was made aware very early on in the day about what had happened, so please tell me why when I called at 4:30pm that day (4 hours after), that the manager did not want to get on the phone with me and told the operator to tell me that she would contact me shortly.  I'm in vegas for my bachelorette, not to wait on your phone call all day.Around 6pm I had enough with the runaround and we went downstairs to speak to the manager face to face.  The manager, Victoria, took quite a bit of time to come down and seamlessly gave us the run around when we asked her questions.  She told us that security had checked the video and that only our group had gone in and out of the room.  When asked if they had checked which key cards were used to open the rooms, she stated that this was a job for risk management and they needed our approval to do so.   Not only was she rude, but she was insistently implying at the fact that we probably just lost the money or one of the girls in the group probably just took it. She then promised that within half an hour there would be someone from risk management that would come up and check the key card machine.An hour goes by...then two.  Then we call downstairs to ask if they were sending up someone to check the key card machine and they tell us that they already did it this morning when the complaint was filed. Hm. THEN WHAT WAS ALL THAT BULL$HIT ABOUT NEEDING OUR APPROVAL TO DO SO, VICTORIA?Regardless I would never stay at a place that I did not feel safe, so goodbye and good riddance Palms Place. I am very lucky that my girls who lost money pushed through the weekend for my sake absolutely no thanks to you guys.
4	I stayed her for my daughters 16th Birthday it was a great palce to have a party for her the room was wonderful I booked the studio suite and was offered the one bedroom suite at a discount at check in. The only things that I wish that were there were more activities at the Palms for the kids to do but this is Vegas so I know it all about the adults. But I would stay her again.
1	If I could give this hotel a 0 I would.  I have stayed here before and I liked it - no issues, good prices.  I stayed here over the weekend and had booked a, "two bedroom suite." BEWARE! It is not a two bedroom, 1800 square foot suite like the description says.  It is the single bedroom suite with a room down the hall.  When I booked this over the phone no one cared to tell me the details.When we called to complain because it is obvious their website fasley advertises the suite no one had any idea what the website looked like or it's description details.  The assistant manager and manager were extremely rude and wouldn't even own up to the fact that they provided false information and wouldn't even work with us - the best they would do is give us a FREE late check.  Let it also be known that the "two bedroom suite," used loosely shows up on your charges as one complete charge per night even though they are clearly two separate hotel rooms.  The receipt you recieve also clearly shows one room, 1800 square feet, two bedrooms.  You don't search for apartments that tell you they are 900 square feet but half of the other square footage is down on the other side of the complex.  WILL NOT BEING STAY HERE IT AGAIN! BE AWARE THAT THEY ARE NOT TRUTHFUL IN THEIR DESCRIPTIONS IF YOU ARE BOOKING ANYTHING ABOVE A BASIC ROOM AND DO NOT CARE ABOUT YOU AS A CUSTOMER.
3	This place does not take the customer as a priority. On a Saturday morning, I waited patiently as a ruffian group cut in front me. The hotel will not stand up for what is just so please be careful. Two ignorant customers were acknowledged before me.The hotel itself is beautiful and the room rocked. Again, customer service could have been better.
1	Bad phone reception made me use their landline to call back home within the states. They charges me more than $7 a minute without noticing. I would not use their phone service to make such "long distance" calls if my cell phone works. Their excuses were we can request to stay on a lower floor on the first day. WTH?        WON'T Com back again. They even charge the phone calls (zero min) which didn't go through....:((( we total paid out more than $70 that is more expensive than the monthly bill from my cell phone carrier.
3	For the price we paid ($95) it was a four.  It's outside of the busyness of the strip but still close to center.  The hotel doesn't exude the opulence of the fancy Vegas hotels but it is only one step down from them.  It has a cheapish modern feeling to it.  Our room had spectacular views and the bedroom was exceptionally large with a mini kitchen.Everything is done in chrome and mirrors.  Some of the furniture is starting to show its age.  The bathroom was nice but it was odd to have the bathtub in the main bedroom.  The service was good but not great.  This isn't a hotel that goes out of its way to make sure that your stay is perfect--but it isn't priced that way either.It's only price that would bring me back to this hotel.  If they raise their prices, I would seek other accommodation.
5	Oh man, this place is great. I booked a room here just to relax. It was designed like a condo style studio which included a stove and microwave. I loved the design so much that I took 50 pictures of the room and it's details. The bathroom is jaw dropping. Palms makes me believe that I can live in a studio condo lifestyle in the future. Other than the awesome stuff about this place, I always spot The Money Team here. Wish I could spot Mayweather in the ring versus PacquIao but I think he's scurrred.
3	Hi everyone. I came here for my birthday. First, let's start with the pros. This place is GORGEOUS! Very modern. Restaurant is also beautiful and great service. Pros:I got at least 23 bites on my legs to my stomach. I've never had so much insect bites ever in my life. No, my allergies does not have these types of symptoms, no, I wasn't allergic to anything, I washed my clothes before I went to Las Vegas, and no, I did not deliberately take in blood sucking, flesh eating bugs to bite me just so that I can get free stuff. I found a small bug in my bath tub and I think that was what bit me, but I am not sure. I reported what happened to me to the manager and they sent out an inspector or some guy to come check our room for any evidence of bugs. I asked him if I could get itch cream at the least, he says yes. I can say he is the most socially awkward person I've met. Doesn't talk at all, and would leave while I was talking. Then I thought maybe because it's their job not to socialize with the person. I waited and no one showed up. Didn't get any updates. Then finally after many attempts of me getting a hold of them, they said they would change my room right now. Fine sure I thought. Let's just  get this over with. We waited at first 10 min, 20 min, then 30 min, then finally 45 minutes they showed up because I yelled at them to get someone up here. Our entire family was waiting for us too. After, they reported that they couldn't find any bugs, they shrugged it off. The manager didn't do anything but said they have already done what they can by upgrading us to a bigger room. Well shucks, cause I'm not  already scared enough of being in any of your rooms. All I really wanted was a sincere apology and that you shouldn't make me feel like I'm faking this just to get extra things. Also, maybe it's me not listening to instructions very well but I had a room keeper walk in me while I was naked.
5	stayed there for a weekend for a birthday gave us great deal place is very nice love it worth the money
2	Wanted to celebrate my birthday and found a great deal on a room. I booked the king suite, it was really nice and the bathroom was super big it also had a waterfall shower head with a jacuzzi tube I was SOLD! That night I had a few friends come over to have some drinks and the room got messy, so the next morning I called for house keeping . Short story I had to call for house keeping 3 times they never showed, that tub that I was so excited about didn't work and one of the tvs was busted. Really!!?? When I spoke with the staff they seemed like whatever after I expressed my fustration. I requested to be moved, I had company over and just wanted to relax in that big ass tub!!! I requested to be moved to a clean functioning room and got hella downgrated to the 9th floor from the 30th. Overall I'm never staying there EVER again and as a local that once worked in the hospitality department I know what the standards should be and they were not meet at the Palms Place very disappointing.
2	I wanted this place to be so much better.  I like the rooms.  Ours had some definite wear, but loved the layout, size, huge bath and even the overkill two TV's.  The view was great as were the valet and bellman.  The pool was small but nice, quiet and didn't have a huge shadow like the Palms Casino did at noon.  The gym was good and most staff was courteous.  The big problem and the reason I won't come back is customer service from housekeeping and management.  First a few things you should know about the hotel.  The kitchen they have has NO KITCHENWARE!  Zero.  We asked for some and got a place setting for 2 minus any cutting knife, a small pan and a small pot.  Lame!  We used towels as napkins, which would have been fine if they left us clean ones.  The balcony door is locked and they won't open it.  The internet is slow but the big deal is it only allows one free device!  So choose between phones and Ipads.  Valet is free, but you can park free at the casino and walk in.  The problem (besides the no kitchenware), started with check in.  I was #3 in line and it took 20-30 minutes to step to the counter.  There were 5 people behind me - bummer for them.  Housekeeping was TERRIBLE.  Our rug wasn't vacuumed the entire time and the chairs with crumbs in them were not touched.  (We finally cleaned them).  Housekeeping skipped us one day. We called, and go no service.  Nobody seemed to care.  We were never stocked with coffee.  We had zero hot water our last morning - ZERO.  Again, no fix, no one cared.  (We did get an "oh sorry" at check out). I asked to speak to management, I got a business card, sent a nice email outlining what happened.  Nothing.  They don't care.  It would have taken very little to make me feel like they did care, but, like my shower on Friday morning, cold water.
1	The worst hotel experience I've ever had. Beware the Palms Place hotel. It all started Friday afternoon at 4:30. My girlfriend and I wait in line to check in. I requested a room on the 27th floor earlier that morning because we had friends staying on that floor. I was told that they had rooms available on that floor but they were not guaranteed to me. At check-in I was told that we had been assigned a room but it wasn't clean. I was told this was the only room left on the 27th floor. The desk clerk called housekeeping and they said they were in the process of cleaning the room. I said ok and that we would wait in our friends room. An hour goes by and I have not received a call saying our room is ready. At 5:30 we walked to the front desk and asked if the room was ready. We were told they hadn't checked to see if the room was clean and the status still showed not clean. So on an hour, not one person had actually walked to the room to peek inside and see if it had been cleaned. We asked to speak to the manager. The manager was barely apologetic. She seemed very smug. I was made to feel as if I was not important because I hadn't splurged on a 1 or two bedroom suite. After a very lengthy conversation the manager put us in another room on the same floor that was already clean. Hmmm, I thought there were no other rooms available on that floor. When I get into the room I immediately noticed some issued. - No dishware in the kitchen- No silverware or napkins- No soap at the kitchen sink- Balcony door does not open- The balcony was filthy. So while we could not open the door, we has to look at the filth if we wanted to enjoy our view- Entire hotel is non-smoking yet the website let me choose a smoking room- Old outdated room temperature control- No door separating the toilet and showerYou think I'm finished? Not even close. Our group went out Saturday night to marquee nightclub. We left the hotel around midnight and I didn't return until 4:30 am. At 2am a name was added to my room and a new key was issued. All without my permission. I was the only person registered to the room. I was the only person authorized to make changes. I immediately called the front desk and the manager, Nathan, seemed uninterested in my concerns. He said he would look into it and call me back. I get a call around 5:30 am and it Nathan. He told me the person who issued the key called me on my cellphone (the number he just called me on) and asked my permission and that I said it was fine. This is absurd. The manager just called me a liar! I immediately asked Nathan to check the phone records which he said he would do. And I want you to know I was not intoxicated at all that evening. I was tasked with keeping track of everybody and making sure no one got into trouble so I stayed sober. Nathan sent security up around 6 to take a statement. Security took my statement and told me they would review the footage. I had to call to request an update. It is now around 7am and I haven't slept. There was no information, no apology. Not even the slightest hint that Nathan wanted to make me feel like he cared. I slept until 12 in the afternoon (5 hours) and left my room. I went to the front desk to check out and get some details on my report. They told me I would have to speak with the risk manager of the hotel to get any more information. After 3 calls to the risk manager and 3 days later, no response. Finally I get someone to answer the phone and she tells me it's a front desk issue and not a risk management issue. So here we are, back at square one and nobody knows anything. This is by far the worst experience I have ever had at any hotel and I will NEVER stay at the palms hotel ever again. You couldn't pay me to stay there.
2	So, call ahead and ask if there is a balcony. Yes. Get there and it is locked off. Bullshit. Security reasons. Asked for a strip view and high floor; 20 of 58 floor. Was told it had a 'partial' strip view. Faced due west, no strip view what so ever. Called them; they didn't care. The kitchenette, no dishes or utensils. 20 minute round trip walk thru sky tube to get a cup of coffee. Everything is located on the casino side. Not what was advertised or told to us at all. Shuttle only takes you to one place on Strip; Forum shops at Ceasars. Stop running at 8pm. This is part of the resort fee you pay and is of little value. Internet sucks. Anyhow, you get the idea. Never, ever again and would warn friends away.
1	Allergy Sufferer's Note:  My allergies killed me every day due to perfume that is pumped into the main lobby. If you have severe allergies do not stay here.  I never found an alternate entrance either.   When my company asked me to attend a trade show in Las Vegas I was a little concerned because I am not used to standing on my feet all day.  I took some precautions and bought appropriate shoes for the event.  I arrived at the hotel on Monday morning and checked into a very nice room at Palms Place with a beautiful view of the mountains and a large tub with spa jets built-in.  My very first thought was this will be great for my feet each day after the show.When I arrived I found the tub in my room did not have any hot water.  After 7 calls over 3 days to Guest services they deemed they could not fix it and moved me to another room with tub that would not hold any water.  Their service is horrible and I never did get to take a bath in the hotel.  We had several people with us at our trade show and the rooms had a few other problems but those problems pale in comparison with the tub/hotel service issue I had with the tub. Those type of problems included somewhat dirty rooms and other hot water issues.  Hotels are a service industry and if you rank them based on the service they provide Palms Place failed miserably in my case.  They should have recognized the problem after my first complaint and took steps to make sure my new room had a good working tub.  I hope you think long and hard before choosing this hotel as your destination in Las Vegas.
3	I stayed at the Palms a month ago and thought that my reservations this month were for the Palms again. I didn't book it, so unbeknownst to me, I stood in the long ass line to check in at the Palms (on a Sunday!!! WTH?) only for the lady to tell me that my reservations were for Palms Place and she made me walk over there to check in. When I made the trek over to Palms Place (absolutely no line), I was greeted by a friendly gentleman who informed me that the Palms worker could've checked me in to save me the trouble since I had already waited so long. I told him that she made me walk over instead and he was just as annoyed as I was with how 'they always do that'. He asked me for her name or a description of her, but I didn't feel like being a rat! I guess there's a lack of training that should be worked on with the workers there. I didn't want to fuss about it because I had just driven 4 hours to get to Vegas and was tired. I just wanted my room to rest. The rooms are all suites at Palms Place so they're a lot nicer than staying at the Palms...you still get what you pay for though. I like the fact that they actually have a small kitchen with a mini fridge for you to use. The biggest downer was that they no longer allow access to the balcony. It would've been a nicer and more romantic experience with the sugar daddy had we had access! Only half kidding. About what, you'll just have to figure it out! :) It was quiet during the night even though there's a lounge/bar downstairs. Their television is the same as the Palms. I think it may be time for an upgrade, guys. It's slower than my grandma and always freezes causing you to have to turn the damn thing off to reboot it and pray that the next time you want to change channels, it doesn't freeze on you again. At least this time around the voices weren't cutting in and out every minute. I guess that's an improvement! Their pillows don't stink as much as the ones at the Palms, but it still has that weird grimey smell where you feel compelled to either burn them and buy new ones or double cover them with your own pillow cases that you happened to bring with you (I didn't do either in case you were wondering). Everything is manual; even the thermostat is outdated. For two people, Palms Place is definitely overkill in terms of size. We're not here to be living in the hotel room, so it's a bit excessive with the two television sets and queen size pull out couch in addition to the king size bed. It easily sleeps 4+. It's off the Strip and that's fine because I wasn't there for that experience anyway. Oh yeah, you can only choose ONE device for the FREE internet. View of the Strip is nice. Smoke-free. If it costs the same to book this place vs. the Palms, do it.
2	If anyone wonders why this hotel priced so low, Its probably because of the cheap and very tacky decor of the rooms shows some excessive signs of wear and tear. There are stains, cracks and scratches almost everywhere, not mentioning the dust.Pool is small but dense with chairs..which are stained and worn as well.The is no cafeteria in the Palms Place building, therefore a fresh cup of morning coffee will require a long walk to the casino next door.Bottom line, there are so many alternatives along the strip..Palms place falls far behind.
4	I was in Vegas for work and found a deal on Orbitz for about $100/night at this place. I was really impressed for the quality considering the price, very nice rooms, and no casino in this hotel so no smoke everywhere but short walk to the rest of the Palms Properties. Also went to the Drift Spa which was top notch. Only downside is it's at least $10 to get to everything else by cab if you're staying on this side, those cab rides add up. There is an additional resort fee per day ($25 currently) that covers wi-fi, gym, pool access. Nickel and dimey but no different than any other Vegas hotel.
5	Great hotel to stay at! I always recommend it to friends and people visiting! Every new years we get a room and watch the strip fireworks. And last time a friend came up he got a room there and is planning on staying there in a few weeks when he is back in town. Big bath tub. Rainwater shower and the cleaning ladies are always very thorough.
3	So I really like the room but ... The bathroom door is broken. The floor boards are ripped off.. The WiFi isn't working and I had to spend 20 minutes on the phone with the hospitality line..so much for paying the $20 resort fee. Pool closes at 6pm.  :0(.   Its the little things that add up And ruin the experience..  Oh and the front desk and concierge are rude and have no personality at all...
2	We were excited when we booked a room at the Palms Place Resort, assuming it would be real nice...Turns out we were highly disappointed. Here's why:1. The rooms looked great at first glance, look a little closer and see how much wear and tear they really have. Floors all scratched up and dirty scuffed up furniture.2. Hair in the bathtub and hairdryer drawer3. Soap scum all over the soap holder in the shower4. Dirty glass walls and filthy mirrors5. You can get free internet but only for one computer at a time. 6. No coffee mugs in the room, however there WAS a coffee pot and coffee (no decaf). When we called the front desk to get more mugs (after calling 3 different numbers) we got our mugs delivered to the door with chips in the porcelain and dried food in them. Yummo!7. When we got to the room we opened the sliding glass door to look at the amazing view, only to be told by our bellman that the doors are supposed to be locked at all times unless you own a condo in the building. No signs on the door and nobody told us at check in.8. We chose to reuse our towels to save water and hung them on the rack, however the cleaning ladies still took them away.9. Cleaning lady did not replace coffee, glasses or mugs so we had to call the front desk AGAIN! 10. Getting any of the phone lines to actually pick up is an art. We tried calling 4 different numbers to get coffee and creamers brought to our room. The line will ring for 5 minutes before someone picks up. 11. Getting a bellman to help? HA HA! Once we finally got someone to answer the phone at the front desk to get a bellman, we were told that we called the wrong number (it went to the other Palms building), which clearly says on the phone "Bell Service". The wait was so long we decided to carry our own bags to the lobby. Once we arrive to the valet, he goes to get our car but failed to tell us he parked it about 100ft down from where we were waiting with our luggage. After wrestling with our bags again to go walk to the car, a valet finally asked if we needed help. At that point I didn't want any help because I was so annoyed.We did have a great dinner at the Alize french restaurant. The view, service and food was exceptional and we will visit them again but this time we will not be staying in the rooms.
4	I am really glad I switched away from NYNY to this hotel....better service and better rooms.Well worth a try!
1	I am writing my review 4 years later but better late than never. I reserved a one-bedroom suite for my 22nd birthday. First of all I loved the room. It was very modern and luxurious from the parking to the lobby to the room itself. It was worth the money for that part. My bad review is for their RACIST staff. I invited a few friends to come up to the room to visit with me for my birthday. My group of friends at the time wasn't a rowdy bunch, we were good kids just wanting to have a gathering. There was a party of Hispanic kids happening down the hall from me. Me on the other hand, I barely had 3 people in my room for 20 minutes before the front desk staff had sent security to wait in the lobby, by the elevators, and all the way into the Palms casino asking every Black person where they were going. My friends called me and told me they couldn't even cross the bridge from the Palms casino to Palms Place before security told them they had to leave the premises. I went down to the front desk to ask them what the hell was going on and they told me that the only thing I could do was upgrade to a party suit in the fantasy tower for $1000 that night. While I was down at the desk they sent a guard up to kick out the few who were already in the room so I didn't even have a chance to say goodbye and thank them for coming.Now I understand that they have to take whatever precautions but there weren't groups of thugs and hookers strolling in. My friends were majority all college-educated and well-dressed. Besides I'd had friends who've had full-blown parties here and nothing was said or done about it. It was unfair of them to let a Hispanic group have a party next to me but treat my guests like scum before they barely made it into the hotel. I felt humiliated, embarrassed, disappointed, mad... etc. Overall I still was able to enjoy myself with the people whose names I put on the room. They were the people who mattered most so I still managed to have a good time, but I will NEVER stay here again. I spoke to their management who gave me the runaround and was absolutely rude. Then I wrote a letter to the next person up and they responded to me a MONTH later with some BS response. DO NOT book here if you are BLACK, they shouldn't have your money. I could've gotten a discount to stay in a larger suite at an MGM property and been treated like a human-being, but I chose the Palms because I believed in their brand. This is a direct example of the discrimination that happens in Vegas that no one wants to talk about. Wow.
2	Checked out today from Palms Place. Stayed 2 days. We got the studio room. Pros: -Room is soooo beautiful and so is view. Modern appliances, gorgeous restroom that also had a hot tub. Restroom had a TV and magnifying mirror. Room had 2 TVs. Had a bed and a sofa/small lounging area. -Liked how hotel had a moving walkway that connected to main hotel. Very convenient. -Main hotel had food court, with variety of food options at different price points. Earl of Sandwich was great. Main hotel and casino was nice. Cons-Poor service. First of all, when I checked in the evening, I literally waited 30 minutes to check in due to front desk being short staffed-When I got to the room, I noticed the bathroom sink handle was broken, and had fallen off. I called the front desk the next day, and he said they would note it down, but he could not send anyone up to fix it because our room was privately owned by someone, and they needed the owner's permission to fix it. When we had rented the room, their website said nothing about the room being privately owned. We just had to use a sink with a handle that continuously falls off. -Later that day, I was walking from the parking garage to the hotel entrance, and had to walk through valet area to get to the entrance. There's no way to avoid walking through this area. We almost got run over by valet staff driving way too fast and not looking. A guest even said to me and my baby, "thank god you guys are okay! I was so worried about the baby!"-In the early afternoon, around 1-ish, I changed the "Do not disturb" sign to "Housekeeping needed". We got back in the late evening, close to midnight, and found that Housekeeping had never come and nothing was done. It would normally have not been such a big deal, but this time, my restroom stunk badly because of 2 diapers soiled with poop. I had thrown the diapers into a wastebasket by the toilet. There was no door separating the toilet area and the rest of the restroom. Every time we went in the restroom, it smelled bad.  Also, the crib sheets were soiled because my baby ate in there because I had expected the sheets were going to be changed by housekeeping. Upon check out the next morning, when I told the front desk lady, she said we should have called the front desk at the time. She made it sound like it was our responsibility, like we should have known. First of all, how would I have known ahead of time they wouldn't stop by? Secondly, I got back to our room close to midnight, so it's not like I would have called at such a late hour.-Lastly, the guy helping us with our luggage at check out seemed very unfriendly. I told him thank you twice, but no response. My husband tipped him pretty well too.-Like other reviewers noted, no utensils or kitchen soap. Balcony locked. Some furniture worn out. $28 resort fee. Wi fi only one computerOverall, I would not recommend coming here. Beautiful room, but poor service.
5	Great stay we reserved the studio suite and it was beautiful room on the 30th floor. We were there 2 nights and enjoyed our stay the staff was friendly and the walk to the palms casino was about 5 minutes this is the last tower it doesn't have a casino but its still great there's self parking or valet I will definitely stay agin
3	You get what you get for this price. The check out time was 11:00am and I called at 11 and asked for late check out at 1pm since we arrived late at the hotel and we're all tired. I've never had a problem w late check out since I'm not asking for like 5 hours extra. The lady said no 1pm, only till noon. And this pissed me off lol. Out of 100 other hotels I've stayed at(not exaggerating) I've never got turned down for this kind of little request. Especially in Vegas you don't want to get an experience like that. The room itself is decent and modern but not the service.
2	Our stay during the last 4 days was mediocre at best. The rooms are geared more for partying and the staff never answers the phone. For the "free WiFi" - it is free for only 1 device per room - you have to pay for any additional connections. They don't allow you to use the luggage cart saying, "too many people were hurting themselves." (If you cannot use a luggage cart - get out of my gene pool!) If you want to use their "Business center" get ready to take-it in the shorts! They charge $5.00 for 10 minutes worth of computer use, and then charge $1.50 per page to print anything. Yeah, bend over!This place seems, "played out" anyway. The shower in our room was cool. The maids were OK. I won't be back.I would rather have stayed in a Holiday Inn Express.
3	I booked a deal here for two nights for my boyfriend and me. Got a suite for $59/night plus the $25 resort fee. The deal also included $40 at their restaurant, Simon, and 20% off drinks and various other bars at their placePros:- The room for the most part is nicely arranged and put together.- Jacuzzi bath tub that worked!- Three TVs: one in front of the couch/sofa, one in front of the bed, and one by the sink in the bathroom where you could conceivably watch it from the tub- Pretty well stocked kitchenette (kettle, toaster, sponges, etc.), fridge, stove, and little kitchen counter. My boyfriend and I bought alcohol and snacks from a CVS and stored it in the fridgeNOTE: if you want cutlery and utensils, you have put in a request by calling the front desk- Housekeeping came while we were out and also washed our used dishes for us- You can press a button for "do not disturb" and for "housekeeping," which I personally liked better than hanging a worn and tacky DO NOT DISTURB sign on the doorknob- iHome-type thing to plug in your iPod. If you have iPhone 5 and above, you can connect your phone/different iPod and still have music play- Shuttle bus that takes you to the Forum Shops from 12 pm - 8 pm every half hour.  Sort of inconvenient hours, but if you take a taxi back from the same place it runs you only $8 and change. Beware, there is a $3 fee for using your credit card.- Free self-parkingCons:- Wear and tear and stains on the walls/furniture. It wasn't very aesthetically pleasing and just made everything feel kind of cheap- The TV in front of our bed didn't work. We called twice to get it fixed. The first time we asked for maintenance, the request was re-routed to another department so the guy didn't come while we were out of the room. Instead he came at night when we were getting ready for bed and it was sort of awkward. He kept saying he didn't have the equipment to fix it, "fixed it," and when he left it didn't work again. After the second time he told us he'd call another maintenance guy who was more familiar with the upgraded TV equipment to come back in the morning but that never happened.- The morning we left, my boyfriend was experiencing problems with the TV in front of the couch- You can only connect one device to the free WiFi- When I called their reservations line prior to my stay to add a night and also to upgrade the room I'd originally booked, one of the agents I spoke to was rather rudeMy boyfriend and I are both broke and unemployed law school graduates right now, so we were fine with what we got considering how much we paid for it.  That being said, the next time we go we'll probably stay at a hotel on the Strip for the convenience, the aesthetics and energy, and the (improved) hospitality.
5	Hands down, the BEST hotel I have stayed in while in Vegas!  The rooms are amazing, and the price can't be beat!  As for the people below who are complaining about "money stolen from the room".... whether its true or not.... THERE IS A SAFE IN ***EVERY.SINGLE.ROOM***.  It has a NUMERIC COMBINATION LOCK.  It is FREE TO USE.  Are you *THAT* STUPID????Anyway, I arrived and got upgraded from my Studio suite to a 1 bedroom suite for free.  I didn't even ask, they just did it!  Granted they'd probably sold out of the others and had to give me a room since I booked online, but I wasn't complaining :)  This suite was fan-freaking-tastic!  There are: two big screen TV's (granted TV reception was a bit spotty), one small bathroom TV (because why the hell not), DVD player (living room TV only), big comfy couch, a super nice jetted tub, a shower with a rain showerhead and two movable ones, two bathrooms, a fridge, a dish washer, a mini-bar (little pricey), a coffee maker, a microwave, a blender, a freaking WASHER AND DRYER, a bar, vanity area (for the ladies), in room safe (mentioned prior), iPhone/Pad dock, a FIREPLACE (not real wood burning obiously, but still nice and warm), floor to ceiling windows on two sides, and a kick ass bed!Now, for a two night stay (on the weekend mind you), what outlandish price did this room cost me?  Total stay (including a room service bill) was about $400.00.  Not per night.  Total.  Including resort fee.  No I'm not kidding.  Did I mention the guy threw in about five 2 for 1 drink tickets (granted its Vegas, but if you want the GOOD stuff...), you get a free shuttle ride to the strip (which sadly stops running around 8pm, one of the few draw backs), and they have a heated indoor pool?Oh, also, if you want a relatively kid free, quiet hotel, this is the one!  We did not hear a PEEP out of ANYONE while in the room the entire time we were there.  Remember this was on a WEEKEND.  No screaming brats or hall running kids to be found here, at least not on our visit!Yeeeeeah, I'm gonna be back!!Now, for the two small drawbacks / things to be aware of.  1) This hotel uses feather pillows / comforter as a default.  This is fine and fancy for most, but my wife is actually allergic to feathers.  This was all solved with a quick call to the hotel operator though.  We had non-feather bedding material sent up, no extra charge, took about 10 minutes.2) Parking is a bit of a bother.  There is, for some odd reason, no elevator on the Palms Place side of the parking garage, so if you park in there it will be a bit of a bear to get your stuff down when checking in.  There is a fairly ample lot in front just for Palms Place, but on the weekend it can get a bit crowded.  This isn't a super tough problem to solve, but I try to be evaluative.  Also, they do have valet parking and I think (not positive on this one) that it was included with the room, but I never use valet parking for any reason, so I can't comment on the quality of it here.Other than that, if you don't mind a short hop over to the strip (under 5 minutes) by car or paying for a cab / taking the free shuttle during the day, this place is a steal for a great Vegas getaway!!
4	Vegas, here we come baby!  Ready to play....with our 10 & 11 year old boys!  With two kids in tow, we decided that space was a priority for our Vegas accommodations and the Palms Place delivered.  Our one bedroom, 1 1/2 bathroom suite was huge!  The living area had a pull out couch and plenty of room for a roll away bed. There was a kitchen with full size appliances.  The fireplace was a great touch. The bedroom was big, with plenty of closets, storage space, and a big jacuzzi tub.  The only one of us who actually indulged in the tub was my 10 year old son!The platform bed was comfy with quality linen.  The bathroom was large, including a huge walk in shower with three shower heads.  The vanity area included a magnifying mirror and a small television.  It was also a luxury to have a powder room so the boys did not bother us when they needed to use the facilities early in the morning. The hotel staff was courteous and answered requests promptly.  I really liked that the lobby of the Palms Place does not have a casino so you can walk right up to the room without any distractions (and smoke). However, if the casino is calling you, there is a second floor walkway to the Palms Hotel next door where there is the obligatory casino, buffet, as well as many other restaurants. For us, the hotel was a good value as well. I could not say the exact price per night, as we got a package from vegas.com with airfare and rental car included.   I'm sure that for the money there might be smaller rooms that are even more luxurious.  I did find that the towels were not fluffy, the toiletries offered were nothing special, no robes were offered, and some things were just "off" (like a lamp shade missing). Also, the hotel is not near the main action on the strip.  If we return to Vegas though with the entire family again, Palms Place will probably get a repeat visit.
5	I really enjoyed this spa. I am not your normal spa sorta dude but the 50 min massage coupled with a signature facial was great. The attedants and staff were friendly and helpful..i was a tad taken aback by the host trying to auto grat 30% before service rendered...but hey this is las vegas. Still a 5 star spa.
4	Got a great deal for the room only paid $79 per night+room fee+tax and upgraded to the 53rd floor for $20. The valet was friendly and helpful. Lobby is nice, small and functional. No casino at the palms place. The elevators are extremely fast! Like going from the lobby to the 53rd was so fast pretty amazing lol. The room it's self was very spacious, BEAUTIFUL view of the strip, and clean. Room service was great, the lighting is dim, jet tub was awesome!!! Enjoyed a very relaxed and fun get away. I wouldn't mind staying here again!
2	I wanted this experience to be great however it was short of okay. The concept, room size and layout was nice. The view from our room was very very nice. The room was dirty, stains on the floor and walls and around the tub was nasty. The smell in the dishwasher was horrible- Thank God we didn't need to use it.  When I initially informed the front desk about the huge nasty stain (See Picture)  instead of them accommodating us by switching rooms they just made a note of it. Started to notice the other things as the evening past. We didn't spend much time in our room however having clean accommodations is something that we care a great deal about. When I shared my concerns pertaining to the filth again a note was made however no apologies for the inconvenience. Two hours after check- out I noticed that we left a bag. I called and asked if we could come back to pick it up because clearly no one should have checked into that room with all of the cleaning that should have taken place after providing my feedback in ref to the condition of the room when we checked into. The so called front desk manager (she claim to be but was hard to believe with the poor customer service) basically told me to contact housekeeping and they would keep an eye out for it....in addition to suggesting that I go online to seek assistance. I don't live in Las Vegas however was visiting. How hard is it to take a min and call housekeeping or allow me to get the items.....her attitude about the situation pissed me off more than not being able to get my bag. I may be one guest with a concern that you overlook however if you continue to have poor guest service and lack adequate cleaning practices it will ultimately result in bad business for your company. There are too many Hotels in Vegas for The Palms Place to conduct themselves as such-our next visit will NOT be at the Palms Place yet a establishment that cares.
5	I dont want to leave!Check in was quick and they didn't mind an early check in at 1:30pm. Valet is free, but we park at the adjacent building right next to the lobby. Less than a min. Walk away. Now the room. We booked online for a studio suite but requested a one bedroom suite if available for an extra charge. Now let me just say I definitely didn't mind paying extra money for it. The price was actually lower than what was listed on their website and other third party sites, but the room is worth it. I believe its 1,200 sq ft, 1.5 bathrooms, extra sofa bed if needed (non of us slept on it so I don't know how comfy it actually is) and the views are spectacular. Usually the balconies are locked but ours for some reason was unlocked so I stepped onto it and your body does tense up a bit since its only glass that basically holds u back from tipping over. There was also a washer and dryer (don't know if this is available in other suites as well) maybe this was a vacation rental? There was a full kitchen, not pots or pans but a toaster and a coffee maker. House keeping came everyday to clean our suite even after leaving it at 3pm, so that was nice. Ceiling shower felt great and the jetted bathtub as well. There's also a skytube walkway to the palms on the 2nd floor where there's a movie theater and food court. Oh, and the pool! Open year round and heated (only four ft deep for non swimmers)! I believe to eighty degrees and the jacuzzi was really hot as well.Negatives: high resort fee, a light in the living room that they forgot to fix, some of the furniture was a bit dirty and could be replaced, and there was a weird smokey smell from the hallway bathroom that I think came from the vent above us. But overall... 4.5/5 star stay.
5	This was the best Christmas present ever! Yesterday I enjoyed the warmth of the fire place, views of the strip, a comfy bed and best of all I fell head over heels for the huge bathtub that has jet massage in my room. Wish this enjoyment never ended.
1	This was my first time in Las Vegas and I was extremely disappointed. The room was apparently not a handicapped room, but was built for someone extremely small. The sink came up to my knees. There is a massive light hanging in the bathroom at head height that I kept hitting my head on over and over. Who designed this hotel? Were they 4 feet tall?There was not a cup anywhere in the room to which I found out we have to ask for one. When I mentioned it to the front desk, they were perplexed by the idea that someone uses a cup for water when getting ready while brushing teeth. The TVs didn't work and we had to call maintenance because the master button was turned off by housekeeping. It was as though this hotel was thrown up real quick with no second check on design. The saving grace of the hotel is that it had a comfortable bed. I don't think I would ever stay here again.The room looked wore down. And you can't even use your balcony. Why pay for a strip view if you can't even open the glass to look out? I could have looked past everything else, but having to bring a chair into the bathroom to brush my teeth is ridiculous. What a massive waste of time and expense in building this.
2	I would rather stay at the Hard Rock than this place. Booked the studio suite for Dec. 30- Jan. 4 for $1200. While I realize this is a high volume time, for my pocket that is rather pricey. I thought it would be worth it, but unfortunately not.I can say three nice things about the room: great view, good bathroom with jacuzzi tub, comfy bed. Otherwise, terrible. Where do I start. Upon check-in, we are notified that our balcony is permanently locked despite being advertised as a balcony room. They chose not to mention the balcony was inaccessible when we booked. I get 0% phone reception in my room and neither does my boyfriend (ATT & Sprint). When we checked in, we immediately had to call housekeeping. There were goldfish crackers scattered all over the floor and even more underneath the furniture. I don't think the room had been cleaned at all. I had stepped out of the shower when housekeeping was there, and despite my boyfriend asking her not to go in the bathroom, she walked in on me fully naked. The door would have been locked if it hadn't been broken by a former patron of The Palms. I was mortified. The following night, on New Years Eve, when we tried to valet our car at 11:50pm the valet said we didn't appear on "the list" as tenents. The valet had us stand there in 30 degree weather for 10 minutes as they tried to argue valeting our car. Needless to say, we did not make it to our room with a great view in time to see the Strip's NYE fireworks.I can honestly say I would rather stay in a Motel 6 than this faux-luxury hotel.
4	This was a great hotel for the price. I visited with a friend during NYE and received a great rate. The room was a large studio with a kitchen! We had such an amazing view of the strip. The balcony was locked, which was a bummer.The free shuttle service was amazing and really saved us money on cabs!I only took off one star because the palms and palms place didn't have much to do. For being so far off the strip I was hoping for more variety of food and more shopping and maybe a nice lobby area to chill.
1	What a shit hole. Wifi I can't log in to. Crappy elevators.  The walkway to the palms is live the green mile. Should be burned to the ground.
2	Checkin was slow.  Booked through a third party and the substantial $28 resort fee was not transparent as it should have been.  I guess "resort fee" is not included in taxes and fees?  Room is ok.  It is a long ways off strip, and if you don't have a car, expect to pay $15 to $20 to get to the Strip.  The shuttle is not very convenient.  Room looked mostly clean.
4	Not to mention there are always a line of taxis directly outside to take you anywhere you could possibly hope to go.
4	Palms Place is the place to design shopping! You will find many original objects that change what you can usually find in a museum shop. Here no books or postcards (there is a second for that ^^) but tableware, furniture, rugs, jewelry, etc. You will certainly find your happiness! Maybe it's your wallet that will be less happy. We can go without entering the museum it is seen from the other side of the street.
4	As we were doing Route 66, this hotel was ideally placed. Check in is on floor 23 (luckily all the lifts are super-speedy) and we were able to do this immediately as there were no queues. The only thing that put us off was that a motorbike was being delivered to the hotel so that the following day we could begin our trip. The hotel receptionist informed us that there was a charge of $45 for the privilege of us parking the bike overnight at the front of the hotel (valet parking not given for motorcycles). We weren't able to park it in a secure location, just literally outside the building with a traffic cone placed by the front wheel (I put the traffic come there as it was in an empty parking space). The hotel itself is clean but clearly dated. Nothing a bit of decor and soft furnishings couldn't sort out. The view of the Chicago skyline from our window was amazing and we watched both sunset and sunrise. We opted for room only as we decided to walk to Lou Mitchell's for breakfast (fabulous experience). Grant Park is about 25 minutes away (walking) and worth a visit. All in all, for just one night not bad. Be careful of getting stiffed on parking charges
4	The pool has a good size, considering it is on floor 16 (it is indoor, no external view).
4	I really enjoyed staying at the Holiday Inn Las Vegas. Its really conveniently located and I really enjoyed my stay. I came in for a small work conference and the service was great. Even upon arriving a Mr. Kevin Perry checked me in and went above and beyond. He was very polite and helped my roommate and I figure out the best place to have dinner, even offering to make us a reservation. The maid who cleaned my room was very sweet and the hotel staff was very accommodating. I'd definitely recommend anyone to stay here. The room was very comfortable and the view of downtown chicago was breathtaking. If I had one complaint it would be that the alarm clock randomly went off in the wee hours but it wasn't a huge inconvenience.
