5	Every casino in Las Vegas has a 24/7 restaurant that usually serves prime rib and then mostly Denny's-type fare. Here at the Venetian, they have the Grand Lux Cafe. The Grand Lux Cafe is a finer version of the Cheesecake Factory, by the same people... if you just forget most of that it means that the Venetian has a 24-hour Cheesecake Factory... WOW.
3	I ate here because I saw Larry Flint eating there. There's a part of the restaurant that juts out like an outdoor area, towards the casino. And there he was, barely bothering to keep his mouth closed as he chewed. And though he had a glazed over look as he ate, I think he enjoyed his food because he finished everything including the table bread. This place is designed for a more mid- west palette, everything was just a little bit too much. The salad dressing just a little too sweet, the salmon just a little too smoked up, etc. It still taste great going down, just lacking diversity.
4	Great sandwiches, great salads and a great place for lunch. I don't get the 'midwest' references made by another reviewer. I'm a Californian and tend to not like things that are 'too much'. I think the parent restaurant, The Cheesecake Factory, does tend towards too much -- but the Grand Lux is just right.
4	My husband loves the Grand Lux, which is owned by the Cheesecake Factory, so we have to eat here several times every visit to Vegas.  The music is a bit loud, and like its parent company, the decor is overly ornate, but the menu is nice and the portions are good.  The breakfast buffet has the worst hash browns I have ever tasted; even covered in a thick layer of salt I was unable to eat them.  However, the fruit was great and they will make you an omelette to order.
3	We opted to order breakfast off the menu rather than hit the buffet.  I think it was a good move, as the blueberry pancakes were great and the scrambled eggs were fresh (but covered in butter).  Also, if you like smoothies, they make them in nice tall glasses here; we saw a lot of them on diners' tables and tried the mango one.  Quite yummy!
4	The grand lux cafe is run by the cheesecake factory and like the cheesecake factory it has large portions and tasty food.  My one complaint is that the drink menu doesn't have any prices on it - so just assume each speciality drink will cost you about $12.Other than that, its pretty casual and despite their strict rules about not seating you till your whole party arrives and such the wait isn't too bad.  So if you're looking for a place to eat and don't want to get all dolled up definitely stop by the venitian and give it a try.
4	Huge serves, fresh crunchy vegetables and lettuce, it was too tasty. One of the salads we had even had shredded fennel in vinegar; who knew you could get food this good in Vegas?We set off searching for the first meal of the day. It's 3.15pm, and the drums of the American beer gods are gently thumping. I need  food and fluid stat.Paddy says lets go for this, then changes his mind upon approach, to the noodle place. I don't care what everyone else is doing; if I don't eat, I'm going to kill someone.This place was a real surprise.
4	Ate here twice during one of our trips while we stayed at the Venetian. We got to Vegas fairly late one evening and after unloading our things in our room we went downstairs not knowing where to eat and came across this place since it was opened late.It was actually similar to Cheesecake and then I found out that they are from the same company. There was absolutely no wait even for breakfast. So before we left to head back home, we got our breakfast here.
4	Long wait in line but ,you can always play some roulette or blackjack at the casino tables right next to the Grand Lux.  A nice sanctuary from the madness of the casino floor . I usually go for the crispy chicken sandwich but, the salads are pretty good.  Once seated at the tables, the service is surprisingly quick.
5	Great food and I believe is a little better than Cheesecake Factory where I live locally. Breakfast and lunch prices are worth it. I had a breakfast plate for $6 that came with ham, eggs, toast, fruit, some butter. It kept me full until lunch around 2pm and I had their Miso Salmon for $11 and it was well worth it. I had to stuff myself just to finish it. They gave me two half slices of salmon which was tender but a little dry with stir fried vegetables, mixed rice with some teriyaki soy sauce drizzled over it. Sounds simple but it sure was better than the Miso Salmon at Cheesecake Factory and definately worth it for half the price.The decor is more upscale and matches the Venetian but less gaudy. Don't expect peace and quiet since it is loud as a cafeteria. The wait was not bad either compared to Cheesecake.
4	as affordable and tasty as the cheesecake factory but without the insane wait.  i sat on the "patio" once and hated it.  the casino noise and smoke drove me nuts.  the inside is huge and spacious.  love the booths.  the last tastiest thing i ate there was the spicy (fried) calamari salad.  but my favorite memory was coming here at 6 am after staying up all night.  i had a greasy omelette, while my friend had an ice cream sundae.
4	You can't go wrong when this place is made by the same geniuses behind The Cheescake Factory.  My favorite dishes are the Southwestern Salad and the Chicken Parmesan.  Prices are pretty decent at around $10-$20.  I suggest to go for lunch.  The portions are enormous and at a price that won't burn a hole in your pocket.  Got the munchies after clubbing all night at Tao?  Guess what?  It's open 24 hours.  =D
2	Rice cravers don't eat here...  I Didn't like it.  Service was fair for our party of 3.  I would have rather eaten at the food court if it had been open.
4	3 stars for their pork chops and one more star for being open 24 hours, just the way it should be, cuz youre in VEGAS and people dont SLEEP here.  awesome variety of food and they're all SO good when you come here after a night of partying and super duper buzzed.  pork chops!! GOOD! get them!warning: their chicken n waffles is NOT friend chicken and waffles its chicken STRIPS and waffles. the dude who got this was so disappointed he sent it back and ordered pancakes.
4	Just see my review for The Cheesecake Factory, they have the same owner. That was easy. However, I'm giving this restaurant a higher rating because:A- It's in the VenetianB- Open 24 hoursC- Slightly better foodD- Thee best hot chocolate, especially yummy at 4am
4	While I didn't eat at the restaurant, I did pass by their take out dessert counter to pick up a little something before I crashed in my room after having drinks with some colleagues. I picked up a chocolate creme brulee and man was that thing ultra rich and full of choco-goodness. I actually picked up a brownie too, but after attempting to finish my creme brulee, I wound up only eating half of that (i felt guilty because i made a point of eating healthy during my whole trip....damnit), and saved my brownie (it was nicely wrapped with a ribbon and everything) for my boyfriend when he picked me up at the airport the next morning. he loved it, btw. i'll have to eat there next time, but probably late at night, since the menu looks so much more appealing after drinking.
4	Cheesecake Factory rocks, and this place is the greatest hits album.  Good service, great food, nice place to spend some winnings, but it's not Delmonico.
4	Can't add much that the 19 other reviews didn't touch on. I just want to add my 4 stars to the mix. We like it because it is a Cheesecake factory clone. The quality is good, the quantity is generous (can't doggy bag in Vegas-can you?)We eat here at least once during Vegas visits and the fact that it's in The Venetian, one of our favorite hotel/casinos, makes the trip quite enjoyable.
5	My friends recently came to visit me and we ate here every night after the clubs closed.  They are open 24/7 and there's a good variety on the late night menu.  The food is great!  And if you sit in the outside area, it's great for people watching.  You might even see celebrities.  We saw Taye Diggs and yes, just as hot in person and nice ass too!
4	I dont give it 5 stars because it could be a little less expensive, but it does serve great food (nothing to fancy either) remember it is on the casino floor and its open 24 hrs, Tip: try the caramel martini (yum!), and, of course, the strawbery cheesecake for dessert.
3	An important thing to know: the Grand Lux is run by the Cheesecake Factory.  They want it to be an independent entity and make it look fancy, but it's really just a Cheesecake Factory.That said, the food was pretty good.  I ordered the Crispy Szechuan Tofu, which was extremely salty (too much soy sauce) but still enjoyable.  Asparagus is a funny vegetable to put in that kind of dish, though.  My friend got a chicken caesar salad and it was huge!  She paid for it so I don't know what the prices are like.I did like the ambience at the Grand Lux Cafe.  All you can see from outside is a tiny seating area, so that seems to explain the long lines, but when you get back into the restaurant it turns out to be quite spacious.  (How do they fit all these giant places into one building?!)  My friend and I got a nice curved booth that could have seated at least two more people.  Despite the large size of the room, our booth was still very intimate, and the service was very good.
5	cheesecake factory? is that you in there? if not for the big sign that says "Grand Lux Cafe" then you'd never know the difference. the mashed potato spring rolls are still firmly engraved on my memory. i hope i get to go back one day just for this appetizer.i ate here at about 1am the night we arrived, and every morning for breakfast (buffet was comped by the hotel for us). never a bad meal. and our waiter actually told us that the company that owns them (and the CF) would actually be opening more Grand Luxes across the country, but i've yet to see one....
5	Ok, I'm only talking about the walk up counter, which is right NEXT to the long line.The service, speed, and quality of snacks was excellent.  And during a big trade show, long lines are the worst.  So I hit this counter up several times for fresh juice, coffee, "Raisin Bran muffins", and pre-made sandwiches.  All good quality and a killer deal for right inside a casino.  Why get the same ol' Starbucks when you are in Vegas, baby?  Go for something different and just don't tell anyone afterwards.
4	After a long night at Tao, come here at 5am and order up a plate of pasta with sundried tomatos. It's gigantic, full of oil and starch to soak it all up. The sourdough bread on the table was deeelicious and a cup of coffee was a puurfect end to the night/ morning.
4	This place rules the LV post club food scene.  Yes, its basically the cheesecake factory, but are you really bitching right now?   The menu is longer than most novels.   I thought not.
3	It's nice.  The waiters are nice.  The food is nice.  The people watching is EXCELLENT.The only reason I would visit the Grand Lux and pay Venetian prices for IHOP food (let's be serious here - it's not THAT good) is to sit on the patio and watch the freakish amalgam that is the Las Vegas tourist population swing on by.When all is told, it's a Vegas Strip resort coffee shop in an excellent location.  All of the resorts have them, and a lot of them have them at better prices and with better quality.  However, nothing beats sitting here at 1 AM on a Saturday morning and watching the girl in stilettos who had too much to drink Friday night stumble off the escalator and run to the bathroom.Or maybe I have an affinity for shadenfreude.The food?  Oh, the food's good, if you don't mind paying $10 for eggs and bacon.
5	We ate here twice while in Vegas.  The food is good and the prices aren't bad for Vegas.  Got the oriental chicken salad and the pasta carbonara.  Both were huge portions and the food was hot and fresh.  The waiter was  spot on service wise and the front greater was ontop of it for such a busy place.
2	If this place were down the street from me, in California somewhere, I'd give it an extra star.  The food's not bad.  But it ain't great.And it definitely doesn't live up to my Vegas standards.  And add to that the fact that it is inside my favorite hotel, the Venetian, where I constantly state that the food is AMAZING - - Grand Lux is the only establishment in that hotel that pales in comparison.It's a coffeeshop atmosphere - extremely large with plenty of seating.  In all of my years of going to the Venetian, I've only stood in line twice or so.... usually, there IS seating available.There is a LOT on the menu, so much that it is difficult to pick.  The basic things - like a bagel with lox and cream cheese - is fine.  But how hard is a bagel and cream cheese?Other things - like the club sandwich or the steak sandwich, or the burgers, are all mediocre.  HUGE, yes, but it is a 12 dollar burger so I expect either big in taste of huge, and Grand Lux gives you huge.I keep on eating here on every visit in spite of the lack of taste, just because it's so convenient  since I stay at this hotel, and the mood is inviting and nice but I am consistently unimpressed with the food.  It's Vegas.  Impress me.... and I give them all these chances, and still - -  they don't.Coffee is blaaah - as is the case with the entire hotel, and service is decent.  Nothin' to write home about.  For quick and easy eating - - Grand Lux Cafe is okay.  But your socks won't be knocked off, you won't come out moaning and groaning, you won't wonder when the next time you get to eat here will be, and it's definitely not one of those, "I CANNOT WAIT TO GET HOME TO YELP ABOUT THIS PLACE" type of restaurant.I uploaded some of the food photos I took here.Believe me.  It looks better than it tastes.  :-)
4	I've eaten at this place pretty much every time I've been to Vegas. Never had to wait too long in line and the atmosphere is nice. Good menu selection too.
4	Always a plus to have a 24 hour restaurant in your hotel...especially if it's close to the elevator and has good food.  Solid food, friendly waitstaff, enormous menu and it's open 24 hours. Definitely a great place for brunch, lunch, or at 4am when you're back from the clubs. This place only lost a couple brownie points because I ordered a Strawberry Bellini (which was on the menu) and they were out of them. I asked, "Are you out of the strawberries or the champagne?" and the waitress said they were out of the champagne! How could a restaurant in vegas not have champagne. So I was denied my brunch cocktail! If you're staying  at the hotel or even just passing through, you can count on this place to fill your belly before you head out to the casinos.
4	Delish! just like the one in LA. So much stuff to try on the menu. All tempting, all rather exceptional. The dessert selections alone is worth a separate special visit.Fun part: located in Venetian Casino Hotel Resort. Open 24hrs. Great news for when you might get arm cramp from yanking those slot machines too long.
5	I really like this place.  It's owned by the same people who started Cheesecake Factory and while it feels similar, it doesn't at the same time.The first time I came to this restaurant, I had never been to Cheesecake Factory.  I did not realize that they had humongo portions.  This was my first visit to Vegas and my first encounter with Grand Lux.  I ordered the ahi tuna salad to start, then I ordered a full entree (which I don't remember at all, probably because I barely ate any of it).  I had NO idea the ahi tuna salad was so huge.  It is a meal in itself.  Everything here is huge, but consistently tasty and fresh and on par with the cost of everything else in Vegas.  In retrospect, I am kind of wondering why the waiter/waitress who helped us didn't warn me that I was ordering *WAY* too much food?  My husband's favorite sandwich is the hamburger that is topped with bbq shortribs and fried onion strings (or something like that - it's a major meat fest).  Their menu is very eclectic with a vast array of choices (fish, meat, pasta, asian fusion, etc.), much like Cheesecake Factory - except they don't have advertisements scattered throughout it.This last visit in June, we only made it to Grand Lux for brunch.  We shared a stack of dinner platter sized pancakes and shared an egg white omelette (filled with mushrooms, cheddar and ham) with toast and hash browns.  Yummy and definitely large enough for us to share.  This was the cheapest meal we had on our trip to Vegas (somewhere around $30 for two)We also sat in the 'outside' area where you can do some serious people watching since you are right on the outskirts of the casino near the entrance towards the Sands convention center and the bank of elevators that takes you to the main hotel tower.  The interior is nice as well with roomy booths and regular tables.Service is efficient and courteous.  Definitely no complaints.
4	i LOVE this place! Try anything on the menu...it's similar to Cheesecake Factory.i usually go after dancing at Tao cuz it's open 24 hours. I wish the one in LA had the same hours of operation.Their strawberry shortcake is to-die-for!! Once we got free dessert because our server dropped a plate of food near our table. It wasn't even our order but they felt bad about it happening near us so they gave us dessert. Great service huh. :)
5	Don't know if the owners are potheads who always have the munchies, but portions are 3 times more than you expect to be and they're also conveniently open 24 hours a day, with a pretty good drink menu.  Everytime we're in vegas we always seem to eat here, so I definitely recommend it...even if you don't like the kush...
4	...yea so my friends and i were hungry, hence, gotta eat, right?  so aside from slamming ourselves with vegas buffet, we decided on Grand Lux since it was reasonably priced and it lies within a prestigious hotel, the Venetian.  well i gotta say the food was pretty good although they came kinda slow;  it wasn't even crowded.  alas, when our food came, we wolfed it down like there's no tomorrow.  definitely hit the spot!  the waiter was fairly attentive and portions were pretty big.  we were all satisfied after the feast.anyway, despite the longer than usual wait, i think i had a tad better time than my friends because i got a couple smiles from some grandma sitting next table from us with her peers.  heck if i had a bigger set of "kahones", i'd bust out my game and probably score me a sugar mama.  hey, it's vegas!verdict:fair wait timegood foodreasonable pricefull tummy.... no sugar mama though :(
3	I had heard about the 24 hr restaurant in the Venetian but had no clue what to expect.  I was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't just some food court lookin place.Got here around 3 am after a long night at Tao and ordered the 3 egg breakfast...love breakfast. It came with potatoes and toast. Best breakfast at 3 am ever!! Could it have been...or was it the Grey goose talkin?  Nonetheless, it was yummy!  Not really my type of place for a dinner but breakfast and hunger at 3 am, its perfect.
4	This is hands down the best place to get corned beef hash and eggs for breakfast. Located in the lovely Venetian hotel, it offers a plush atmosphere with hardly any waiting time for a table whatsoever. Weird -- but this place is always packed! I'm assuming it is because of their wonderful service and extensive menu (so many choices!). And the coffee is a small dunk as well.
4	Think Cheesecake Factory, but more. Because, basically, it's owned by the same company that owns CF, and I'd say Grand Lux has even MORE on their menu. They're a notch above CF. Decent food, huge portions, a little pricey, but hey, when you're on vacation, who cares?
4	I love this restaurant! My boyfriend and I have this tradition of eating our first meal here everytime we visit Vegas! There is actually another Grand Lux in Beverly Hills but I think the one at the Venetian is much nicer!Anyway, I love this establishment for the excellent service they provide. The waiters are always willing to answer questions, refill your drinks, suggest or recommend a meal...i mean...they have a very attentive waitstaff. Their menu is pretty long and it usually takes me a while to get through the whole thing and decide. Everything sounds delicious! I love their complementary wheat roll...mmmm...always wrapped in that warm napkin. Mmmm...kay i'm getting hungry! Their sangria is served in a tall glass and oooh...they serve it pretty stiff! Ahhh...can't wait til the next time!
4	Grand Lux is a great place to stop in at any point of your day....breakfast, lunch, breakfast for lunch....they have many options and the portions are huge.  (The breakfast selections become limited after 11am but they still exist.)  The salads are huge as are the omelettes and sandwiches.  The bread that they have for the table- wheat and sourdough are the ones I've tried- are also very good.  There is almost always a line but it moves pretty quickly and the service is good.
5	This place is like a step above cheesecake factory.  Everything I have ordered here has been great.  They have this spagghetti dish, that puts a twist on your traditional spagghetti with meat sauce....i've never had anything like it.  The pot pies are huge and to die for...not like your frozen swansons pies.  And if you want something veggie, the mushroom burger is great.  It can get crowded at times, but its worth the wait.
4	The floor is slippery, drunk girls on heels fall here all of the time.  Mashed potato spring rolls are dense fat rolls however, the first two are very good.  My advice, order and share and wait to see people stuggle to keep their balance on the over waxed granite floor.
4	The first time I ate here was a couple of years ago when I was in town with friends over the weekend. I don't remember exactly what we or I ordered, but I do remember enjoying the food and having a very tasty dessert. Being at the Venetian last Saturday night and preparing myself for a long night of partying, I decided to go ahead and have another fulfilling and delicious meal at the Grand Lux. My friend and I ordered calamari, duck potstickers, and beef and shrimp, and pudding for dessert. The calamari, potstickers, and combo beef & shrimp meal were all good, but as far as the bread pudding goes, I've had better. The combination of the good food and an excellent server (sorry don't remember his name, some Filipino guy) made our dinner experience at Grand Lux a memorable one again. I will surely come back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I ate here the night I arrived in Vegas! Wooo-weee...this place was A-Maz-ing. I ordered the soup and it came out in this super sleek steel basin and the waiter poured it in my bowl right in front of me. The presentation was exquisite.
4	Grand Lux is located at The Venetian hotel and is open 24 hours!  it's obviously very convenient if you stay at the Venetian and also after a club, this is a great place to go.  Ok, I pretty much get the same thing when I come here - the Zen Noodles.  It's sort of like Pho, it's what I call "American Pho."  lol.  I also got the Duck Potstickers, which is really good!  Although, for the price of that appetizer, I wish we would've gotten more than 5 pieces.  Another good thing is that this place has a wide selection on their menu.  Maybe one day I'll think of getting something else rather than my noodles! ;)
4	Went with a large group for a birthday party, and the waiter forgot about us. :( Other than that, it was awesome. Check out the ceiling while you're in there!
4	Ah, the Venetian!Though I can't afford it very often(...er, often... eh...ever...), the Venetian is undoubtedly my favorite hotel on the Strip (which probably contributes to my fondness of Grand Lux)!  On this trip, we caught a late dinner here post-Blue Man Group...Location-wise, the "patio'd" dining area of Grand Lux has a great view for people watching, looking out upon the escalator landing that meets the casino floor to the parking structure and shopping center.  And the people watching here is excellent... the sexy, the desperate, the suave, the chic, the buffoonery!The interior/exterior is inline with the vibe and feel of the Venetian, simple-chic , with notable designerly touches of old-country influence and theme .  Grand Lux is by no means a fancy-shmancy bistro.  It is, in essence and actuality, a well-dressed upscale Cheesecake Factory affiliated establishment.  And for the intent and perspective of casual ambiance, generous portions, affordable dining, it's well suited...The puree'd Butternut Squash and ginger soup was a great start to the late night meal; delicately sweet with a subtle tartness.  Only one person had ordered it, but it was so good, she insisted on passing it around amongst the five of us.  It was that good...I had the Spicy Flat Bread Chicken Sandwich;  sharable serving of four triangular flatbread sandwiches set atop a platter of fries.  A smokey-spiciness from the chicken and the pepperjack cheese is offset by a cool avocado-corn salsa.  I ate half and saved the other have for breakfast.  Also around the table was the chili-cheese topped jumbo Kobe Hotdog (w/fries), the Braised Pot Roast dinner, and the Chicken Royale (w/ white wine butter sauce)... everything tasted good (the cool thing about foodies, if they've got something good, they like to share!) Our bill for the food (sans drinks)?  Just north of $60.It's one of the better (if not one of the best!) casual after-midnight menus on the strip... with the bonus of watching an entertaining  parade of people.
4	Despite its chain identity, I respect this restaurant (and Cheesecake Factory) for what it has to offer within its franchise capacity.  Food is always consistently good - solid and reliable.  It may not be your favorite bistro special, but it's also not the Olive Garden or the Apple Bees.  Their Caprese Salad is quite rave-able. This particular location is open 24/7.  It was rather convenient walking down to the restaurant at 2 am to grab a salad and some tea to ease our jetlagged-and-hungry souls.
4	Ah the Grand Lux Cafe... my friends and I became fast fans of this joint after our last stay at the Venetian. Between 7 people, I think we frequented it a combined ~15 times in 48 hours. Snack, late night snack, dinner, late night snack, late lunch. What can I say, we got lazy and it was conveniently located in our hotel when we didn't want to venture far for food. A couple of key items on the menu got us through the weekend: the burger melt, the max burger, the cream of chicken soup, and last but not least, the winter melon soup. Thats nice... nothing like a hearty burger, soup and greasy fries to soak up all that alcohol. Loved this place.
4	I'm not really into chain restaurants, but this was very good.  American-size portions (= disproportionately HUGE), prices low, considering you could feed at least 2 with one platter.Here's where they got me.  The service.  Our waiter, jeez, I wish I remembered his name, was AMAZING.  I have to say, it's the first time I've been WOWED by service in Sin City, which up to now, has been quite disappointing.  Fast, charming, new his stuff.  Was able to make recommendations.  EXCELLENT!!!
5	Love love love the Grand Lux at the Venetian. My friends and I have started out  many of our Vegas trips with a meal here and usually make many more dining trips here. And we have so much enjoyment when we eat here. The food is good and the portions are large enough to share. My favorite is their Portofino Salad. So delicious. Apparently everyone and their mother loves this place, too. There's usually a wait for a table, all hours of day and night! The service isn't the best here but that's not why we go to the Grant Lux!
5	If you've got a hankering for breakfast at 2am and don't mind heading to The Venetian, then Grand Lux Cafe is the place to be.Bacon, eggs, hash browns, and toast may sound drab, but when cooked to perfection it's nothing short of amazing (for your tastebuds at least).Craving for something sweeter? Belgian waffles with whipped cream and a side of strawberries should do the trick. Yeah, they have other items on the menu, but after trying a wide variety of entrees, their breakfast choices are by far the most satisfying.
5	I went to the one in the Palazzo and it was delicious! Portions were way too big but i'd rather have them too big than too small. you would think a restaurant right off the casino would be kinda iffy, but my entire party were impressed. the drinks, entrees, and desserts were excellent!
4	mmmmmmmm...their ranch sauce is to die for! the portions are huge, like any american restaurant. the menu is like the cheesecake factory, and it basically IS the cheesecake factory. so the prices are equivalent, too.the food is good, service good, and the ranch sauce....delicious!!!!
4	This place is a godsend for vegas goers.  Hmmm.....1pm....1PM!!!!  DAMN!!!  WTF happened to the morning?!?!  Oh man...I'm hungover....need....foooooodddd.....Gahhh...*stumbles downstairs to Grand Lux Cafe*...pancakes, burgers, soups, eggs....ahhhh...much better.9PM...9PM!!! DAMNN...have i been gambling this long.  Need to eat something before clubbing...hmmmGRAND LUX TO THE RESCUE!!!4am.....goddamn, Tao's finally close...4am, so tired, where did that girl go???  Legs are tired from clubbing....alright, hungry, have the munchies....mmmm....cream of chicken soup...french fries!  LET'S DO THIS!!!
4	Everything is good, ok that's not really all that helpful.. ok try the tiplalia fish and chips if you like fried fish, the chicken strips on a stick with tropical dipping sauce is yummy, but you must get the duck potsticker if and burger melt.  It is the best patty melt I have every had.  It's a little greasey but hey it's a patty melt.  The bread is a pan grilled garlic bread crusted with cheese...mmm and them smothered with thousand island dressing.  The molten lave cake is relly good too.  It's a great place to stop in for a quick lunch. How can this be the same company as cheesecake factory which in my opinion is soooo bad.only 4 stars because the last server we had was just not cutting it
4	I love this place for breakfast.  I know it's not as big a breakfast buffet as other places, but it was better food.  I always enjoy eating here.  The servers are very nice and they refill my drinks promptly.  And, they also chat and make me feel special (I am sure they are trained to do this - but, they are trained well!).  I like the made-to-order omelets at the buffet, all the fruit, eggs. bacon, breads, hash browns - a really great small buffet.  I have also ordered from the menu (French toast) and it was good, too.  I have only eaten breakfast here so I can't comment on everything else.
5	Pretty much everytime I stay at the Venetian we go to this place...this place is fantabulous!!! The last time I went here was for lunch w/ my familia and friends on my 21st birthday. Our server was really nice and was super excited to order me one of my first legal alcoholic beverages..woot woot! (i had my first legal drink at the bar!) =P I love the selection of food on the menu here...from ahi to burgers, pasta, and my personal fave...CHICKEN AND WAFFLES...yummmaayyy!!! (it's pretty much the bourgeoisie version of roscoe's chicken n waffles lol). some people may find the chicken & waffle combo a bit strange, but if once you try it...YOU WILL LOVE IT!!! Our server was really great b/c she gave our big party special attention..she even took my hello kitty bday cake that my bf got for me & she took it to the back until we were ready to have dessert..she even put the candles on it too. =)
4	If you've been to the Cheesecake Factory, then you've been to the Grand Lux Cafe at the Venetian.  LARGE, plates of food that you'll never finish.  Decent food - not the best in a city full of restaurants.  Friendly service.   I guess this restaurant takes the place of the 'coffee shop' at this hotel.  Very large menu - there is something for everyone.  Casual dining.If you like big portions and good ol' American food - this place is for you.
3	phone yelp.3 stars because I'm averaging  experiences.  the first 2 were 4 star worthy - good food, cheap prices for vegas standards, and and decent service - but the last experience was terrible.  for late night delights, u want a place that fulfills the two fs - filling and friendly.  because the service was terribly slow - it took over an hour to get food at 5 am when no one was there - and by that time nothing could satisfy our hunger -  this place only gets one F.
4	Hey, what can I say? If you're not sick of eating at this place 4 days in a row, it's got to be good. There is no better feeling of rolling into this place after going to your usual Vegas clubs, parched and famished. I absolutely love their Pasta Carbonara!
4	wow, this place has a lot of reviews, but i guess one more couldn't hurt. this place is JUST like the Cheesecake Factory, only not called the Cheesecake Factory, and the menu doesn't have as many pages and they don't have as much cheesecakes. but just like Denise M. says below, if you've been to the Cheesecake Factory, you've been to the Grand Lux Cafe.
5	This is my favorite place to dine every time I go to Vegas. It is located in the Venetian and also in the Pallazzo. There is a Grand Lux at the Beverly Center in L.A. if you can't wait til the next time to Vegas, but I noticed the service and atmosphere isn't the same, food is still good though.   One of my favorite's is the Grilled Pork Chops (Porterhouse-Cut, Glazed and Served with Mashed Sweet Potato, Vegetables and Our Own Chutney)  It's so tender and the sauce is to die for.Second favorite is the Crispy Caramel Chicken (Crispy Battered Pieces of Chicken Breast in a Spicy Thai Caramel Sauce with Mushrooms, Onions, Red Chile Peppers, Garlic and Ginger. Served with Rice)  My Beautiful Diva friend Deanna got me hooked on this!Third favorite is the Indochine Shrimp and Chicken (A Fusion Dish of Chinese and Indian Flavors. Jumbo Shrimp, Chicken, Onions and Sweet Ginger all Sauteed in a Delicious Spicy Sauce of Curry, Plum Wine and a Little Cream Topped with Sun-Dried Cherries and Apricots. Served with White Rice)  An explosion of flavors in your mouth.I also heard the Wiener Schnitzel (Austrian Style Thin Crispy Coated Veal Medallions. Served with Mashed Potatoes and Braised Red Cabbage) is really good but I haven't tried it!Oh and now to the desserts... They have all the Cheesecake Factory cheesecakes but let me tell you two amazing ones you should get.If you are a Creme Brule fan you'll love their Crme Brulee Duo (Delectably Smooth and Silky. One Classic Vanilla and the other Deep Chocolate. Finished with a Crunchy Sugary Top) mmmmm mmmm good!!!I also recommend the New Orleans Beignets (Served Warm with Three Sauces) it is sooooo good, but get ready to share cause there's enough for 2 to 4.So the next time your in Vegas be sure to hit up the Grand Lux Cafe!
4	Just got back from Vegas and i tried Grand Lux for the first time.4 Stars for the service  and a 4 for the food, just breakfast but really good all-round.. Had the eggs Benedict and french toast with strawberries.. Yum Yum
5	My favorite casino restaurant in Las Vegas! The modern classy decor is beautiful. The dim lighting makes it classier.It can be loud during the dinner hours though. The line can get long at night but it's not too much of a wait since it is big restaurant. A few of my favorites are the Santa Barbara Chicken Sandwich, Southwestern Salad, and the Asian Chicken Salad.There is a pastry counter outside the restaurant as well.
4	I eat here every time I get the chance when I'm in Vegas (which is quite often).  This restaurant is under the same ownership as Cheesecake Factory so if you like that place, then you'll love this place.  I've had great service every time I've been here which is as expected being at the Venetian, which is one of the nicer hotels on the Vegas strip.  One thing I love is that the portions are huge and the prices are decent.  Plus, it's open 24/7 so it's good grubbing all around the clock.  It's a pretty good sized restaurant too so you just sit and chill in the patio where you can eat and people watch at the same time.  Van The Man's MUST try : The Asian Nachos
5	BEST FISH N' CHIPS EVER!!!I am a big fan of the fish n' chip.  We can be at an Asian restaurant known only for their mooshoo pork, but if I see fish n' chips on the menu... i'm ordering it.  Grand Lux Cafe... you think: swanky, high class... maybe I should order a steak or the seared ahi tuna. NOPE.  I've strayed before and it was a big big mistake. Crispy fried filets of fresh fish along with equally crispy and delicious fries.  To balance it all out there's a cup of fresh coleslaw with whole peanuts and a light asian inspired dressing (instead of the usual tart spoiled mayo taste).  The other great thing about this place is that they don't care how drunk or tired you are... they're letting you in, and they're letting you eat.  No rude service (even when I laid my head down on the table and slept for about an hour one night).
5	Went to Vegas with 11 girls...We must love this place cuz we were here for breakfast, lunch, and late nite dining. Oh and ordered togo! This spot was our stomach's BFF after clubing! Great dining experience and service. Oh yes..We ate at BOTH locations...at the Palazzo (but this was closed when we past by at 4am) and the Venetian next door (24hrs). Great Restaurant...you can't go wrong! Ginormous portions you can share your meal. This place is similar to Cheesecake Factory...if you've been to one.Lemon Chicken Piccata lunch size had 3 chicken breast over a bed of spaghetti with that light lemon sauce...Delicious, my fav! Steak and eggs....YUM...i didn't even need A1 sauce for it becuz it was tasty and tender. Margherita pizza...Tomato, Basil and Mozzarella was enough to share! The pasta carbonara minus the peas of course, filled me up the rest of the day...Carbs for gambling...oh yeah! Gotta love Grand Lux Cafe.
5	The new Grand Lux Cafe in The Palazzo was a dream come true for girls on a bachelorette party and on a time schedule on a budget. Humungoloid portions, like share it with 3 people, not 2, and the food quality was top notch. Even the lunch portions are monsterous!We ate there right after we checked in and everything we ordered was on point. It kept  me full for hours. I wish i could have tried one of their ready to bake desserts because they sounded delish! Our waiter was cool, but, I think he was trying to practice his amateur comedy stand up routine on us. After awhile, I felt like saying, "Ok! Enuf! Just get me more bread!!" Hahahahaha! But, I'm really not that mean, so I just giggled!
4	If you like Cheesecake Factory, you will love the Grand Lux Cafe.  Same type of food but better and tad bit pricier.  The portions are just as huge and service here is on par.  We ordered the fried calamari, rock shrimp, and vegetables appetizer.  That was huge.  Fried calamari was not the same as Cheesecake so that was a bit disappointing.  Bf ordered the slow pot roast sandwich ($10) and he said it was delicious.  Fries were good.  I ordered Sheila's Dream Salad, which was ginormous.  It had lettuce, shredded carrots, tortilla strip crisps, peanuts, chicken breast, grapefruit, and other things I forgot.  It was $13 and totally worth it.  My only complaint is that it contains so many ingredients, that there isn't enough lettuce to balance out the salad.  And there was hardly any chicken.  Open 24 hours so it's perfect for any time of the day.
4	HUGE portions. I couldn't get over how big everything was. Went there for a bachelorette party for some dinner before hitting up the clubs.The sushi appetizer was yummy and their fish and chips were OFF THE HOOK - perfectly breaded, crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. NOT soggy. Delish!Love how this place is 24hours too - perfect for loading up on the carbs after a night of drinking at V Bar and Tao! :)
3	Nice location and I remember the waiter was really friendly and make us customized drinks.  Food took forever though so they lose one star for that.  Food was not very memorable either so they lose another star for that.  It was just okay.  A few of the ladies in our party complained about their food as well and that it is waaaaayyyyy over priced.  Well that's Sin City for ya.
4	This restaurant is one of my brother and sister-in-law's faves when they come to Vegas. For me, it's just another upscale Cheesecake Factory. The food is just the same, so I enjoy this place as well. However, there are some items that vary from the regular Cheesecake Factory menu (for example, some pastas aren't listed). At any rate, I enjoy eating here. The service is acceptable, as well as the food.
5	I'm surprised i have not reviewed this place yet!! By far my favorite restaurant in vegas... i know there is no famous chef here, or the place is not named after a famous chef, but hey its 24 hours, the best bread on the strip and servings are huge!! IMO an upscale cheesecake factory... the fries are DELICIOUS... and those philly cheese egg rolls or something like that are pretty yummy as well!!Definitely go here at least 2 times on all my visits to sin city!Wait is never too bad and prices are decent, much better than the overpriced restaurants in vegas, and i can come here in PJs!!
5	Ate here the other night for a cocktail and appetizer right before watching the Blue man group!The service was pretty quick, and the appetizers were pretty darn delish!-Calamari-Seared Ahi Tuna*who knew there are 2, 1 in the venetian and the other in the pollazo..
4	I was wary to come here because of its Cheesecake Factory association, and my wanting to try something new in Vegas.  We had to catch the Wayne Brady show in the Venetian (excellent btw), however, so we stopped here beforehand.  It was a less than 5 minute wait at around 6 pm on a Monday (no reservations unless more than 7 people).The menu is marginally different from Cheesecake Factory.  The restaurant itself is huge, and has better decor than the Factory (or was it that I was used to gaudiness since I was in Vegas?).  What I tried:Indochine Chicken and Shrimp:  I tried to get my bf not to order this because I figure we shouldn't go "ethnic" at a non-ethnic restaurant.  I'm glad he went ahead and ordered it anyway.  I suppose Indochine is a social construct/concept anyway, and not really ethnic... ok back to the food.  It was a good!  A bit sweet for my taste, but definitely way better than I expected.Creamy Chicken Soup:  Yum yum, how can you go wrong with soup?My boyfriend, the mojito addict, ordered 2 of them for $11 each.  That's more than they charge at the Factory, just to let you know.  Basically, this place was better than any Cheesecake Factory I'd ever been to, but I think they overcharge for their drinks.  For what it was though, this is a 4-star.  Props for being open 24 hours.
5	This is Cheesecake Factory's better sister concept. The food is great, the portions large, and staff is very talented.
4	Everything was delicious!I would've given them 5 stars but the waitress came back twice to tell us that they've ran out of what we ordered.  We ended up getting full on bread and getting our food 1 1/2 hours after we ordered.  However, the taste of the food and the prices made up for the wait.Yum.
2	When you are a city with incredible dining why would you eat an overpriced chain you could eat at anywhere? I'm curious if the people giving this place 5 stars would also get off on going to Chili's or Bennigans or other mediocre chains. Yes, the menu is large. No, nothing on it is spectacular or delicious. It's all chain defrosted garbage. With Bouchon in the same building I don't understand who would ever eat here instead.
5	i love grand lux.  it's the type of place where you and all your friends can go and everyone will find something they like on the menu.  everything i've ever ordered has been great.  it's usually crowded, so try to go early mornings or late nights.  the cocktails are sooo good.  some of my favorite menu items are the bbq chicken pizza, greek salad (ask for some grilled chicken on top), and the ahi tuna salad.  i think it's funny that this place is owned by the cheesecake factory.  they have similiar menu items, but the food is soooo much better!  and they serve their bread warm unlike cheesecake factory.
5	Ok, people.  Let's give a lill' credit where credit is deserved.  Grand Lux Cafe holds a special place in my heart.  Let me break it down for y'all,...- Yeah, Grand Lux Cafe's evil twin sister restaurant is The Cheesecake Factory.  But, what this means for you, gentle reader, is a hearty, "American-sized" meal.  You won't go hungry here.- Not only are the portions generous, the food is DANG GOOD.  It might be reminiscent of The Cheesecake Factory, or even Mimi's Cafe.  But, it's consistently good.  REALLY good.  Comfort foods galore.- And, good comfort food is even better after a hard night of hardcore partying.  For all your alcoholics out there (particularly from California), don't front - you know y'all head to Denny's or Jack In The Crack or Mel's because really junky, greasy food tastes even better at 3am and when you're trying to sober up.  Well, the food at Grand Lux Cafe is several notches above Denny's, Mel's and Jack In The Crack.  AND, this place is open 24:7.  Even better.  You can stumble into the restaurant looking like a complete train wreck, missing one shoe and tiara in hand, at 3am, 5am or 7am!  And the yummy comfort food at Grand Lux Cafe will be waiting for you like a faithful, faithful friend.
4	i spent my whole weekend eating here because i was too lazy to leave the Venetian.breakfast: i'm not digging the coffee but i loved the hash brown.dinner: portions were huge, it's nice to know that you have food back in the hotel after a night of drunken stupor! how can you go wrong with a shrimp scampi or momma's pasta?service was great. we got seated right away.
3	Not your normal Casino Coffee Shop.  Large menu for each meal.  Very good food served 24 hours a day.  It can get crowded but they do seat you quickly.
4	This is the best place to refuel in between rounds of booze when you're staying at the Venetian.  The restaurant is pretty big, so service can sometimes be slow.  But they bring you yummy bread to snack on while you wait for your food.  I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes for a table, with parties as big as six.   Everything that I ordered or sampled from someone else's plate was yummmmmmmy goodness.  And they will pack up stuff to go for the friends who are sleeping in the room.  Bonus!
3	a.k.a - The Cheesecake Factory.  This place is definitely the sister restaurant, nay, the twin restaurant to the Cheesecake Factory.
5	I love this place.  Quality abounds.  It makes me smile when people write that the association with Cheesecake Factory is bad.  Why is that?  With Cheesecake, you are guaranteed a reasonable experience with good food, enormous portions, and competitive prices.  Grand Lux is no different, AND the restaurant has a better menu.  People love their star chefs and fancy restaurants.  Maybe they live in parts of the United States where access is difficult and cannot compare the LV versions to the originals.  In my experience, they are often poor renditions or ghosts if you will, of their original versions (e.g. Craftsteak MGM vs. NY, Daniel Wynn vs. NY, and Bouchon Venetian vs. Napa).   The quality of food and service doesn't translate to Las Vegas, and I think the majority of people agree with me here.But you can't say the same thing with Grand Lux.  It is a super-sized version of the Cheescake Factory; same decor but with better service and seating.  Wait-time is low, and the food gets served rather quickly.  Food quality is what you've come to expect - moderate to high. Grand Lux in the Palazzo is the best "coffeeshop" in a casino.
3	so there's a grand lux in palazzo and a grand lux in venetian.  the one in palazzo marinates their food in a 10 lbs of salt, cooks it in 10 more lbs and then sprinkles salt on top (of their pasta).at the palazzo:  the jambalaya was good, the salad was refreshing, the cake was supposedly to die for (didn't have any). the clam pasta was too salty. the other pasta we got in marinara and special meat (i forgot what it was) was good but also too salty.  at the venetian:  steak was juicy at 5am, eggs were good, belgian waffles were yummy, but to a drunk, i think anything tastes good
4	My roomate is a pastry chef here, so after a few visits I've decided to write a little review.We went for her birthday with the Oh so fabulous birthday gift certificate they give all employees and I bet they are regretting now cuz we went BANANAS!We started with the biggest appetizer on the menu, The Grand Appetizer Platter,  which featured a little bit of everything.  This appetizer is enough for 6 people, no joke.... Spinach Artichoke Dip (tasty), Crispy Thai Shrimp & Chicken Spring Rolls( ok), Duck Potstickers(tasty), Buffalo Chicken Rolls(not so tasty), Cheese Steak Spring Rolls (not so tasty) and Vietnamese Chicken Summer Rolls(the chicken was super dry and this is the 2nd time we've tried them).We then shared the Mongolian Beef which was really good, served with pita bread and rice. Why 2 starches? Beats the heck out of me.Then the staff was so nice to let us go see Jersey Boys and come back after the show to enjoy the Strawberry Shortcake. I love strawberries, i really do. But there was nothing special about the shortcake. Just typical, but still good.My roomate will sometimes bring home other deserts which are WAY better. So way better they get to the point of craving status...Warm Banana Chocolate Chip Bread Pudding is my all time favorite and the Roasted Pineapple Upside Down Cake is also very very good and they are all big enough to share. On one of my visits I got the chicken, thinking it was like Fried Chicken (like a leg and a thigh), but it wasn't. It was under seasoned chicken strips. The batter is missing something chef. Please handle that.Overall i would go there again even if my roomie didn't work there.....
4	The Grand Lux is a great place to eat if you just can't manage to head down the strip for a steak and eggs special.  There's always a wait to eat here even if it's 3am.  The food is good.  The prices are high, but you do get a lot of food.Mixed opinions about the staff.  One time I was here the waiter was a real ass.  But other than that, I've had good experiences.  If you can't find something on the menu that looks good to you, ask the waiter for something that you'd like to eat.  Sometimes they'll have it.
3	Super rude manager and pretty good food.BBQ pork sandwich was amazing. The cheese burger with sauteed mushrooms was okay. The mushrooms had NO flavor at all. Everything mimicked Cheese Cake Factory. From the menu to the to go boxes and bags. Not that it was a bad thing...just a fact.So about the manager. I ordered a bloody mary and it was GROSS. The waiter barely ever came by to check on us so I waited till we asked for the check to tell them I didn't like it and wanted it taken off the bill. Well the waiter said he had to get a manager to do that....ok fine. So the manager comes over and I told him that it was gross and I would appreciate it if he could take it off the bill...He replies, "I will do that for you, but next time you need to tell us when you get the drink and realize you don't like it." WHO THE CRAP speaks like that to a customer. I would expected him to be apologetic and nice, but nope...onree asshole is what I got. All the tables are super crammed together and it was really packed when we sat down (at around 12 o clock on a Sat). I've eaten here before, but I don't know if I'd do it again.
3	Owned by Cheesecake Factory, we figured it was sketchy at best. But decent for a quick lunch before an afternoon of shopping. Surprise! It was actually quite good. Ahi tuna burger, rare the way I asked, and quality tuna. Wasabi cream on the side. Side salad sub'd instead of fries, and it had amazing yummy bleu cheese on it...and a light dressing.Bread...ooohhh try the wheat, delivered warm to your table, you slather on the butter and think you're in heaven. Okay service. Lots of iced tea refills and fab girlie convo...welcome to Vegas.
4	Who woulda known there was quality 24-hour dining anywhere on the strip??Thank goodness for that.. It's also a trip having hangover food after a night out and seeing all the old people reading the next day's paper, having their morning cup of coffee...
4	I went to the one at the Venetian... It had a nice ambiance, and I was seated on the patio so it had sort of an outdoor-cafe feel, even though I was facing the slot machines. Nice for people watching. I went at lunch and had a really nice server named Adam L. (at least that's what the receipt said). I recommend the WARM baked-to-order chocolate chip pecan cookies. You can eat some and take home some to eat later. The smell is so rich, and they bring them right out of the oven already nicely packed in a box. I brought some back to my hotel, but the cookie monster ate my leftovers the next day. :( I was sooooo sad... a little consideration would've been nice. I guess the cookie monster really liked them. I was SOOOO looking forward to eating one the next day.Only gave them 4 stars because I'd have to go back to try something else off the menu worth raving about besides the cookies. Oh yeah, their cafe latte is EXCELLENT with the cookies. No sugar needed if you have the latte w/ the cookies. It's a nice balance.
5	I went to the one at The Venetian and I must say I love this place and I would definitely come here again. It's just like the Cheesecake factory but service was way better. There was at least 25-30 of us with one waiter. He was able to accomodate everyone without any hesitation and we didn't even have to wait that long for our food to come. Their portions are HUGE. I had the chopped steak and I wasn't able to finish it. Actually I don't think anyone really finished their food=P
3	We were at the palazzo, emaciated and looking for a place to eat. my starving boyfriend suggested Grand Lux Cafe, saying that it's the same as cheesecake and that they have huge portions and the menu extensive. being a wanna be foodie, i still wanted to look around to make sure we weren't missing out on anything. so we walked and walked, checked out the menus and in the end, we weren't too excited about paying a crap load of money on a chance (mind you, we didn't yelp any restaurants at the palazzo before heading out there). so we ended back up at the grand lux.we ordered the goat cheese beets salad, the lunch enchilada and the prosciutto pizza and shared everything.portions were huge and the food was good. the ingredients weren't as fresh as a high end place but you're also not paying for it...though the prices weren't that cheap either. it's one of those places you go to when you have no idea what to eat because they offer everything under the sun.
4	The Grand Lux Cafe has become the Zippy's of Las Vegas to me.  Always open and always consistent food.  It's always got a HUGE selection of food to choose from and the portions are equally large.  The best bang for your buck for spur of the moment hunger attacks.  One thing I don't understand is that no matter how many times I order the Strawberry Cheesecake, it just doesn't taste as good as the ones from their sister company (Cheescake Factory).3 stars because you were  too drunk to give a proper review Maritel?  Gimme a break.
3	I was impressed with the service but not so much with the food.  The bf ordered eggs, bacon, and toast (his stable brunch food) and I ordered soup, salad, 1/2 sandwich lunch.  The 1/2 tuna sandwich had a measly scoop of tuna and the slices of wheat bread fell apart in my hands.  The cream of chicken with mushroom soup reminded me of Mimi's Cafe, which isn't exactly a bad thing.  The cappuccino I ordered before the meal ended up arriving after the meal and there was a strawberry? smudge on the rim.  The waiter got me another one (in a to-go cup), no problem.  We might as well have eaten at the coffee shop in our hotel.
4	I went here last year with some friends - we had arrived in LV pretty late at night and after throwing everything into our motel, we headed down the strip, trying to find a place to eat dinner at 11 pm. Unfortunately for us, all the buffets were closed, so we wandered into the Venetian and found Grand Lux Cafe (I think a passerby recommended it to us, actually).We walked in, and just like everything else in Vegas, were impressed by the splendor of the restaurant. We were promptly seated, and began to browse the menu.I no longer remember the names of the dishes we ordered, but I'll put up the pictures of them. I personally got a salmon and eggs with onion dish. It was delicious. One of my friend's dishes took forever for it to come out, and the staff kept apologizing but said it was the chef's favorite dish. Indeed, it was really good, and worth the wait. Portions were definitely filling.I had this drink with pineapple, mango, and passion fruit - my 3 favorite fruits! It was non-alcoholic, but SO GOOD. I'd highly recommend that one. =)I don't remember exact pricing but do remember it being affordable. I'd definitely go here again. =)
3	Pretty good food, not excellent, and quick service make this a great breakfast or lunch spot. Definitely take advantage of the other great restaurants in this hotel for dinner. HUGE menu, lots to choose from and HUGE portions. I had a salad and it was enough for 4 people, no kidding. Go for lunch and share!
5	BIg BIG BIG portions. If you love cheesecake factory this is the place to be. The place is awesome with a huge menu. If your hungry this is the place to go to.
3	since everyone else mentioned it, i guess i will too......i went to the one at Venetian....after a night of drinking and partying up at Tryst, we were all craving for some Pho....yes....PHO! and knowing there probably isnt a vietnamese restaurant open at 4am, we decided to come here becuz we knew they had a dish that was similar to pho. its called Zen Noodles. it was actually pretty good. although they didnt give us enough broth, more noodles and chicken which i thought was quite strange. and when we asked our server to give us more broth, she said she will see if anyone else ordered the same dish and if the chef has extras. i guess they dont just have a big pot of broth in the back ready for the next order. but luckily they did have more for us.we also had the vietnamese spring rolls which were absolutely delish!!! and we totally killed the basket of warm sourdough bread they gave us too! the only gripe i have is that the bowl of noodle soup cost $13! oh well! i guess when youre drunk and hungry, you'll pay just about any amount to satisfy your cravings!
2	after a night of drinking, we were looking for a place to eat, the only place still open was the grad lux, its just like a cheesecake factory. The food was actually pretty good, I got the chicken salad sandwich, which came with lots of chicken salad. Other people ordered steal, duck dumplings, fried chicken 7 waffles, breakfast food, no one complained about the quality, the food was wonderful. I knocked back a lot of stars because the service was ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE. we were waiting for our food for an hour, and one of the servers dropped my friends steak on the floor and had to go make another one, but they said they would not charge for  the steak since it took them so long to make it and the accident. So the steak took another 1/2 hr to come out. after we finished our food, it took them another 45 minutes to bring us the bill, it was the most waiting ive EVER done in my life for food and bill. and on top of that they charged us 2 times for the steak and the waiter apologized but then told us he had to "ask his manager" to take off the steaks. First of all, we didn't order 2 steaks, and we shouldnt pay for both, and 2nd they said it would be comp'd so it should of been. we waited another 30 min for them to take it off the bill. it was horrible service, I would go back to this place eventually, but it wont be for a while.
4	It's a Cheesecake Factory with the Venetian decor.  Plain and simple.I think the menu itself is being published as a novel in late 2008.  Get ready to spend about a half hour looking over the menu if you read every item.  Do not come here if you are indecisive; it could take you an entire day to decide.I tried the mashed baked potato spring rolls and they were fantastic, but the portion was large enough to split for 4.  My lunch-sized Southwest Salad was also delicious but a bit too large.  It makes me sad to think about how much food they must waste here each day.I didn't have any problems with the service being rude/incompitent.  If anything, our waitress was a bit TOO friendly; checking on us every 5-10 minutes.
3	What can I say?  Beggers can't be choosers.. it was late..  we were hungry.. we came.. we ate... we left.. and wen't back to sleep.  Where else would I go at 5 in the morning after shakin' my bootie at Tryst all night?  It was a bit of a trek, as we had to navigate our way through the lovely canals of Venice, with the gondolas idly sitting in the waters, as if to remind us what time it was.  And, it was a little surreal... I was headed to breakfast and the sun was coming up when I really should have been going to sleep. But, then again, this is Vegas, the city that never sleeps.  The menu was nice.. the service was okay..  We had the mashed baked potato spring rolls.. yummy...I had a chicken sandwich with a side salad that was entirely forgettable ..  I ate my friends french fries- I give them 4 stars for the ranch dressing, though.
4	I guess the comparisons to cheesecake factory is fair.  But I think the food quality is better and their cooks aren't as sloppy.  I drove the herd here on a weekday morning for breakfast.  Just beat the morning rush hour....10am-ish. Started with a "Paul Bunyan" sized Latte.  Very good.  Then I ordered the corn beef hash and eggs.  HANDS DOWN, the best CB Hash i've ever had.  Sure its pricey, but its rare to see REAL chunks of shredded corn beef.  Not minced and ground like mush, but chopped strips of beef.  Damn....it was that good.  Throw in a couple of fresh eggs over easy, and wheat toast with preserves.  Definitely in my top 10 breakfasts of all time.I really liked the decor and seats.  All oversized so it was a big thumbs up for me....especially for those who are 6FT and over.... I was comfy.Service can be spotty.  Servers can get preoccupied with shop talk, and they get distracted by other customers.  Otherwise, they were quite friendly, but hard to flag down.Looking forward to trying their lunch and dinner menu someday.  It looked pretty amazing.
2	Food is good. But as Ally K. mentioned, the service SUCKS... jus tlike any other Cheesecake.We came here only for dessert and I guess our waitor thought we weren't worth his time. So he didn't come at all to check up on our desserts or anything. We got the strawberry shortcake. They have this at Cheesecake as well, but it's a little different at GL because they have sugar on top of the shortbread.I also tried their strawberry smoothie. It has coconut in it. It's just like Jamba Juice strawberry's wild with coconut.Their creme brulee comes with regular and chocolate. The chocolate one is VERY rich in chocolate.  For 6.95, it's not bad for two large servings. Just don't expect great service and you'll be fine.
3	Not bad if there aren't any options open (emphasis on "if there aren't any options") since the place is open 24hrs. and has the biggest menu known to man. It has it's commercial appeal since this restaurant is affiliated with the Cheesecake Factory. Still, some of the flavors didn't have much thought  put into them or weren't very calculated since the hash browns were too salty, the orange juice seemed concentrated, and the salad we ordered was drenched in dressing. Maybe I'm just a picky eater but I think this restaurant has mass appeal and is a safe choice overall.
4	Maybe I've just been lucky, but I've had excellent service each time I've been here.  Staying in this part of the strip, my pals and I are always looking for a quick bite in a sit-down restaurant and we haven't found anything as tasty and convienient as the Grand Lux.  Even if the line is long the wait is usually less than 15 minutes.  The menu is huge and there should be something for everybody.  The portions are big and the food served pretty quickly.  The place is huge too!  It must hold hundreds of diners.   My only complaint is having to navigate through the people-movers, escalators and stairs in the front of the Venetian.
4	Hotel Cafes were once the place you could get the *** $7.77 Steak and Lobster special *** "after Midnight till 3 A.M in many casinos.The cafes were decorated with cheesy looking palm trees and cheerful wall decor.The casino Cafes have certainly evolved since then.After 130 reviews for the Grand Lux, I can only add that I think this is one of the finest Casino/Hotel cafes in Las Vegas.The Venetian goes the extra mile to ensure that this dining experience is as good as any other in the hotel - even though the price is much less than some of their gourmet facilities.The service is excellent.I had to wait on a second draft beer for a while - and the manager brought another to me " on the house.""We apologize for the wait" ......Excellent treatment Supurb food........  Supurb serviceWe had the Southwest salad - of monster proportion, along with the BBQ sandwich.More than all we could eat.Nice "people watching" views from the "indoor patio" area.Once again - you get what you pay for .....it is not gourmet ......but it is well worth the stop.Grand Lux  Cafe ........ it is grand
3	Food is Okay. Breakfast wasn't very good (which is very disappointing when you are hung over) but their salads and sandwiches were decent. Can't really complain too much since it is open 24 hours but its not super special.
4	two words:  cheesecake factory
5	I'm not a real big fan of The Cheesecake Factory...but their Grand Lux Cafe at The Venetian is pretty great!I ate breakfast at 3 A.M. here after having gone to a show and done some gambling.  My breakfast was very good.  I had eggs with bacon and hash brown.  It was delicious.  My husband had the New York steak with eggs and hash broown and he was surprised that his steak was so good (the menu states that it's certified Angus beef).  I don't make it a habit to eat at this hour.  But after such a long day, it was great to be able to have breakfast at this wee-hour of the morning and not have it be a meal from Denny's.
5	perfect. same as here in LA... good, clean, well-priced, friendly & knowledgeable staff. no complaints.
2	It is what it is.  A big ol' Cheesecake Factory type place.   (shrug)   Actually I think the menu may even be near double the size of your average CF.   That's quite a feat.We ended up here out of convenience one hungover (shocking) afternoon.  Service was slow but the typically large menu is helpful for any particular cravings you might have.    There really is something for everyone.  We had to try the chili because it was made with short ribs and freakin' kobe ground beef.  Hard to pass up.  It was good but ridiculasly salty.   Also tried the patty melt on parmesan bread.   TOO greasy... even for a hangover... but if you like that sort of thing, get after it.  If you're looking for a really great meal this is not the place for you, but it is convenient and good for families or large groups.   Just don't come here expecting greatness or anything.
4	Great food, huge portions at decent prices!  This is the upscale version of Cheesecake Factory, so you will notice that the decor and menu is very reminiscent of Cheesecake Factory.  I love the food here and I love that it's open 24 hours!This restaurant is located on the bottom level of The Venetian.  My friends and I were starving and got here around 1am to a short line.  Their menu consists of a section for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and late night.  Dinner lasts until midnight and late night is from midnight to 6am.  Lucky for us, they said they were still serving up dishes from the dinner menu when we got there so we had a wide array of options to choose from.My friend and I both ordered an "appetizer salad".  I got the Greek Salad and added chicken.  My friend got their spicy calamari salad.  When we got our plates we were shocked because it was still a huge portion!  I added chicken to my salad because I didn't think I'd be full off just greens, oh how wrong I was!  Neither of us were able to finish it.  My two other friends split an entree salad called the "Sheila's Dream" and it was sooo good!  Seriously, a party in your mouth.  It had an eclectic blend of ingredients and the dressing was top notch, I'm gonna get that the next time I come.  So worth the $12!Even though everything on the menu here is delish, I'd strongly recommend the Miso Glazed Salmon - best dish on the menu!!As far as desserts go, their strawberry shortcake dessert here is excellent!  I'm inclined to say it is the best ever - it's fresh strawberries, shortbread, and cream all thrown onto a plate together so it isn't a sliced piece of cake like you'd find at other restaurants.  You just have to try it for yourself.  Drooool...
4	One of the best things about Cafe Lux is that it is open 24/7. I first went there at 3am, expecting a "Denny's type" experience. I was soooo wrong. The food is wonderful anytime of day.
3	The portions are really really large.  In my recent visit here my cousins and i had tons of food.  We shared the Crispy Ahi Sushi Roll it was good but they used regular rice instead of sushi rice.  I was going to get the corn beef hash but as a waitress carried out an order of Chicken and waffles i quickly changed my mind.  It was basically a higher end version of Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles ... LOL.  Still yummy though especially with the added pecans :o)My cousin Ha N. had the Seared Ahi Salad,  Anna had a mushroom burger and Phuong had a BLT.  All looked really tasty but i was pretty stuffed so i didn't have a bite of the burger or sandwich.  I did had a bite of salad to offset the lack of veggies for the weekend.  The Ahi was perfectly seared and fresh :o)I can't believe i didn't save room for the creme brulee this time.  It's sooooo yummy here and made to perfection.  Now i'm a little sad :o( Not only did the Craps table at the Venetian take my money but i didn't have my creme brulee :o\
3	Stumbled on this place walking through the Venetian.  This is a Cheesecake Factory twist.We came for breakfast, then were told we could order from the menu or we could catch the buffet.  Pretty basic breakfast buffet with an omelet station, waffles, eggs, bacon, sausage, ham, etc.Very good selection of fruits & pastries.For the price, not a bad deal for breakfast!  I wish all Cheesecake Factories had this on the weekend.
4	There are 2 Grand Lux Cafes in the Venetian so I'm not sure which one this is. We stayed at the Platinum Hotel [awesome] but needed a late night eatery that wasn't Denny's or Micky D's. We were all very satisfied with Grand Lux because they have a late night menu that consists of breakfast food, salads, soups, appetizers, pastas and even plain greasy pizza. We had 8 hungry girls that had just gone through a long day of driving, surprising our bachelorette, and some car trouble. The Grand Lux that night was like heaven to us. We ate heartily, and then crashed. Some of the things we got:Seared Ahi Tuna SaladMushroom PizzaEggs, sausage, bacon with toastOmelettes
4	Big portions. Big portions. This rating is for the Grand Lux Cafe in the same area as the Phantom show. It's very convenient if you staying at the Venetian. We ate there for lunch one day and as an early dinner before our flight back to NY. I ordered the regular portion Cobb salad for lunch. It was HUGE!!! One word of advice, they salt and pepper their salads in addition to pre-tossing your salad with dressing before severing it. Therefore, it was very salty. I would advise you to ask that they not top off the salad with salt and if you also prefer, dressing on the side. I found this out wehn the manager came by to apologize after I asked if they could make me another salad with less dressing. The dressing was fine it was the extra salt. I wouldn't image why they would do that. Isn't that was the salt dispenser on your table is for? My girlfriend ordered the Chicken pot pie and beware..that thing can serve (2) people so don't order it if you don't have someone to share with. When the waiter was serving it to us...everyone couldn't help but stare at how BIG that thing was.
4	I've always wanted to try this place but never got to until I went to Vegas. It's pretty much like the Cheesecake Factory. It has a huge menu, with many different foods and everything we ate was delicious. The portions were huge though, so make sure you're hungry.
3	i normally just think the cheesecake factory is so-so. i had the miso salmon here at the Grand Lux and was surprised at how good it was. Really tender and cooked perfectly.  Everybody at the table tried it and loved it. I have to go back just for that next time.
4	this review is more for the to go part of the grand lux cafe (off to the side where the line starts.  great coffee and pastries are delicious.  my blueberry lemon curd pastry was a great way to start my morning.  the blueberries were sweet and looked like they were picked that morning.  they were way better than the pastries at the wynn coffee shop/cafe.  the tea selection is so-so, coffee is good.i was tempted to just sit down and eat at the cafe, since i do like the one in la, but i wasn't in any mood to wait any longer to eat.
4	Upon hearing that this restaurant is owned by the Cheesecake Factory, I immediately tried to find a way out. It was too late, though, as I had already sat down and ordered my food.What did come to our table did not contain beef that had gone bad days ago, nor was it a sandwich stuffed with offal. In fact, the Grand Lux makes fairly good food in spite of being attached to the Factory's name.And it's more than affordable.What isn't good is the breakfast. Stay away during breakfast hours!
4	A miniature version of cheesecake factory. Kinda like cheesecake  factory's little brother.. Located inside the palazzo.  I'm not making that up, it really is from  the creators of cheesecake factory.  In fact, I ended up liking this place better than CF. times ten.Has a wide range of entrees to choose from but not as much as big  bro.  They have some things that are similar, like some of the main  dishes, salads and desserts. But what cheesecake factory DOES NOT have are CHEESESTEAK ROLLS.  What it is.. Philly cheesesteak with cheese and mushrooms rolled in to a little, yummy appetizer. Crispy outside.. And warm philly cheesesteak inside.. but bitesized. (kinda like an egg roll..but not.. it's better.)   I had to rave about it because I liked it so much.They also have comp bread n butta which was pretty good.  not the same bread as cf's.. equally as good as my favorite molasses bread.I ordered the chicken with sun dried tomatoes & mozzarella pasta and added  grilled shrimp to it.  It was screwdriver shaped pasta with creamy sauce, full of flavor.  I liked it!  Really really big dish, I ate alot and still had plenty of leftovers.people in my party ordered salmon dishes.. one miso salmon dish (which tasted good, better than CF's) and one called "salmon 3 ways"  (which had 3 different flavors of salmon).. another ordered the combo of ribeye and shrimp scampi w. mashed potatoes.A big plus is that it's open 24 hours! Well, it IS vegas.  soo coming back to try the late night menu next time i'm there.
4	One word: Dependable!We ate here 2-3 times on our business trip to Las Vegas. We always seemed to gravitate to this restaurant...we couldn't help it. It's dependable. The food is good and this place always seems to be open!The first time I came here, I was having lunch. I ordered the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich. It wasn't the best I have ever had, but it was good. It just was a lot of breading and a lot of bread to eat at once. The second time I came, it was after a party...so everyone in our party was looking for a late night fix. I ordered a ham and cheese omelet. It was pretty good.Nothing TOO much to say here. If you have been to the Cheesecake Factory, it is pretty much just like that. it is a dependable place with tons of choices for everyone in your party.
5	this place is definitely as good as it gets. i must remember so that i can come back everytime i'm in vegas. this place is a sister of the cheesecake factory, and what you get is a huge portion of good food at a good price. quantity, quality, price, service, awesome! you might have to wait in line for awhile, though. but this place is HUGE and usually packed with people.i couldn't stop drooling while reading the menu. there's a LOOOOT of choices, and it was hard to choose. i decided to go for one of their "lunch specials," a lunch portion of pasta (choice of pasta pomodoro, pasta fresca or pasta telephono) and a small house salad. first off, the pasta could have been for dinner! it was a good, big portion of gemelli with roasted eggplant, tomatoes, asparagus, broccoli, peppers, sun-dried tomatoes, kalamata olives, and garlic. SO. FRICKIN. GOOD. and the salad that had a delish roasted tomato-caramelized onion vinaigrette. it's too bad i just couldn't finish all this yummy food. they definitely don't skimp on the quality of the food!fellow, veg buds, this is a great place to load up on great food. another note: the fresh mozzarella pizza is fantastic. it's got roasted tomatoes, spinach, artichokes, and garlic. and my dad loves their spaghetti with clams -- a great portion for 17 bucks. oh great...now i'm getting reeeeally hungry for some grand lux.
4	Basically a smaller version of Cheesecake Factory (well they ARE owned by them hahaha..), but for some reason a whole lot better! I've been to Cheesecake Factory plenty of times, and I felt that it was relatively over-priced for the measley portions they offer. However, Grand Lux shares just about the same menu, but pricing and portions are worth the cost.While my friends and I were staying at the Venetian, Grand Lux Cafe was basically our go-to spot for food, regardless of time or circumstance, since of course it's open 24 hours. Incredibly convenient, especially for a city like Vegas!I tried a couple different things I don't often order at restaurants, the Braised Yankee Pot Roast and the Veal Saltimbocca. Now, you can get pot roast just about ANYWHERE, but Grand Lux prepared it so well. Normally, at your run-of-the-mill restaurants, the Pot Roast description says "slow-roasted until tender" and ends up being all dry and chewy. Grand Lux's version was a different story; I could've sworn the meat was as tender as butter and as savory as can possibly be. The vegetables were fresh and buttery, though I wasn't too fond of the yams. (Not a yam guy, so sue me.)The Veal Saltimbocca was pretty much like a Chicken Cordon Bleu, but with a nice twist. The veal was done just right and the prosciutto and Fontina cheese complimented it well. Throw in a well-balanced mixture of Parmesan breadcrumbs and herbs and you've got a classic mainstay dish on your hands. The angel-hair pasta with wine sauce grounded out the dish very well, though I personally thought it was a little too oily.I believe Grand Lux is one of those restaurants you just have to stop by if you're ever in Vegas, especially since it's open 24 hours. So whether you need some food to sober up after partying a little too hard at Tao, or would like a nice breakfast to talk over plans of the day with friends, I highly recommend Grand Lux Cafe!-- Quan
4	I had the honor of tasting 14 dishes in one sitting... and then some! I must say, it was all GOOD. We had a party of 14 girls. Basically we just had a bite off of every   entrees. Surprisingly none of the dishes were disappointing.  We dined there when we landed... and before we departed. After stumbling around looking for a place to eat before our flight, we decided we can't go wrong with Grand Lux Cafe and it was STILL good.
4	I'm not  a fan of chain restaurants -the food is always mediocre and the service is never good BUT I liked this place. We were recently in Vegas with six friends and couldn't decide where to have dinner. A friend suggested the Grand Lux Cafe....   The restaurant is located inside the Palazzo at the Venetian Hotel.  It's very casual-- has the feel of an upscale diner with booth seating and Fluorescent lighting. The menu is several pages long and includes everything from Thai Spring rolls, pizza, burgers and fries, all day breakfast, Chinese noodles, etc. Normally these places scare me because they try to do everything but end up doing nothing well.  This place was an exception.  We all enjoyed what we ordered, the service was attentive and the food was solid. Order the vegetarian chop salad with peas, lentils, beets, asparagus and cheese. Very fresh and filling. Note the portions are huge so you might want to share with a friend!
5	was able to get a table for 12 in minutes... after our seat was given away at another restaurant after being 5 min late... anyway...i've been to the grand lux in beverly hills and this place was also great!! great service, very good food... what else can i say? i love this place.take a look at my photos, i'm drooling already.
5	Ohhh my goodness!!  I'm in love!!!  I was in Vegas last week and as usual we were going to Tao to party.  We wanted to have dinner in the same casino and I've heard rare reviews of Grand Lux so off we went.  I have to admit, I'm not a Cheesecake Factory kinda gal.  I've never liked it... but this sister joint?  AWESOME!!!My friend had the swordfish which was sooo good and I had the chicken lasagna.  Both dishes were soooo good and very good portions, we couldn't finish them.  On top of the food we both had strawberry martini's which got the night started right. I hear there's a new location in Scottsdale so I will definitely be checking that out SOON!
3	we stumbled here after tao. i ordered lentil soup.  but i passed out.  i guess it was good.
3	Grand Lux Cafe is definitely reasonable for lunch considering that you're in upscale casino hotel like the Palazzo/Venetian. However now that other people have mentioned that it is owned by Cheesecake Factory, I'm personally a bit disappointed especially since it's in VEGAS and AT the Palazzo/Venetian.In terms of the food, they give you healthy portions which is good if you're hungry. One of unusual menu items I first noticed was the Asian Nachos??? Anyways, I had the Max burger which was okay imo. This is a good spot for lunch but avoid this place for breakfast. It's overpriced for breakfast.
5	What a pleasant surprise. It was really really good.Ok. This Grand Lux Cafe is located on the casino level of the Palazzo. It is open 24 hours, so I didn't really think it was going to be THAT great. After fumbling around the casino with our stomach lining stuck to the spine, we decided we will settle for this place, not knowing what kind of surprise we were in for.We ordered Caprese Salad, and I ordered Chicken Parmasan. (I forgot what my guy ordered. uh oh =P) The caprese salad was probably one of my favorite caprese salads I've had in a while. Instead of getting a neatly cut tomatos and cheese, we were greeted with a bed of lettuce and chopped tomatos, smothered in cheese and excellent dressing. Oh man, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. Then the chicken parmasan. When I was ordering this dish, the server asked if I wanted the dinner size or lunch size. I ordered the lunch size, bit worried if I ordered enough food, but then this humongous chicken came out on top of spaghettini lighly tossed with tomato sauce. Oh man, it was probably one of the best I've had, but since it was so huge, I could only eat half of it. I wonder what the dinner size would look like, but I am sure it could be able to feed 2. We came back home to LA after a lovely stay at the Palazzo. When we were passing by Beverly Center, then that is when we realized that they have another Grand Lux Cafe on the 1st floor of Beverly Center. Oh man, we are glad to know that we can get their food right at home. (Assuming they serve the same stuff)
4	I have to say that this was by the far the most reasonable cafe to have breakfast, lunch and dinner within budget and leaves you pretty damn full and satisfied. The boss and I went here for lunch finally without feeling rushed and having to washed down everything within 5 min. and run back to the booth and hopes it digest! We made the effort to get replacements so that we can finally have a civilized sit down lunch for once! We sat next to this sweet elder couple who was enjoying their lunch. I was sold when I saw what the man was eating. A bowl of chili with this scrumptious corn bread and I just had to have it! I wanted the chilis but wasn't sure how that was going to sit in my stomach for the next 6+ hours so decided not to get that. Instead, went for this shaky beef and I swear they had chopped down every scallions in the fridge because my plate was loaded with scallions and onions. Let's just say that after lunch, I was literally brushing my teeth and tongue with altoids. But OMG, the cornbread was divine! It was so moist, it was like eating a moist sweet yellow cake with corn kernels. It was so moist, that it had to be eaten with a spoon because it kept falling off my hands. But it was the best cornbead i've ever eaten. The service was decent, the environment was very similar to the cheesecake factory except it's not a chain restaurant? Er, at least I don't think it is. Another reason I find it endearing is because when I got up to use the restroom, the nice elderly couple asked my boss if I was her daughter. My boss said no but sometimes she has to play the role of a mommy to me. Well, the lady complimented me and said that I was very pretty. *Blushed*
4	I went here twice during my last trip. Sometimes what is lacking in Vegas is a middle ground restaurant, especially in Venettian. You want a restaurant atmosphere, but don't want to pay $200 just to have a meal for two. Yet, you don't feel like paying $15 for a greasy Philly Cheesesteak at the food court. Grand Lux is your middle ground restaurant. Its owned by the creators of Cheesecake Factory and its basically the same to me. Different menu, but still diverse and extensive. Perfect when you need something casual and have a lot of mouths to feed.My first experience was very pleasant. I had the most attentive, kind, and honest waiter I've had in years....and...he was new!  When I first ordered, he made sure my party knew that the portions are generous. Personally, I like it when they're honest that the portions can be too much and sharing is encouraged for people with smaller appetites, even though it could affect their total tip.I ordered a pasta and requested for no olives. The kitchen made a mistake and added olives so they had to redo it. I never saw the plate with the olives because my waiter caught it before it was delivered to me. He apologized repeatedly for the tardiness, but I was fine since I wasn't in a hurry and he was just so nice...its hard to be upset. The manager also came over to apologize at one point. Finally, I got my pasta. I just wish they would clarify that it was chicken chorizo on the menu, it makes a difference since I was expecting large chunks/slices of chicken.I ended up tipping the guy almost 25% in cash and wished him luck before he left. He was such a doll, I would take him home.Second time I went? Disaster! Snobby waiter who was giving us horrific service. Ignored us most of the time, didn't like the fact that a couple members in my party wanted to share a meal. When he was passing the meals over, he wouldn't even lean over to hand me mine, he just held it up in the air and I had to reach for it. Didn't refill my drinks until I was getting ready to leave! What's the point then? Didn't even give our party a basket of bread unlike the tables surrounding us. Lazy!However, I think he's just the bad apple of the group. As my previous waiter was great and the manager wasn't bad either.I would still go here just because it is nice to have something in the middle for dining, plus the menu accommodates just about anyone that's with you. I just hope my service is as good as my first visit.
4	Mmmmmm....we always make a trip here when we're in Vegas, although now there is one in Scottsdale so that takes some of the excitement out of it.  I'm usually in a group of 6 or more, and we've never had to wait more than 20 minutes for a table.  Service is good, which can be hit or miss when you're with a large group.  They start you off with warm bread, and will refill it if you ask.   I order the Pasta Telephono, it's amazing with toasted bread crumbs on top.  It's a big portion, so share or don't eat the whole day in preparation!  I've also had the Caprese Salad and the Greek Salad - two of my favorites.  The atmosphere is nice and is a great start or finish to a night out....we are never disappointed and always look forward to the next visit!
4	went here right after partying @ Body English since we went bak to da venetian cuz dats wer we stayed. went wit a group of friends and we enjoyed  it. portion is big...and service was great considering we wer all drunk (probably annoying too haha) our server was very patient. good place to go after clubbing in vegas.
5	same company as cheesecake factorysame kind of food, but with a fancy twist , and no cheesecakes heregreat food, huge portions, big clean atmosphere with friendly staff
4	I love this place! Always open and always reliable! Everything we ordered was good. My favorites are the salads because their HUGE. I usually get the Ahi tuna salad, but when its a weekend, I get the breakfast buffet. Waffles, sausage, ham, eggs, danish, and fresh fruit for $15.
4	Love it.24-hour cafe, but it tastes WAY better than just a cafe.  The interior feels spacious with their high ceiling, and the food is really tasty.  I know there are so many "fine" restaurants in and around the Palazzo.But this place is priced reasonably, and will satisfy your appetite.  You can spend $18 for a bowl of Pho (at the Asian restaurant in the Palazzo), but why the hell would you?Come here with an appetite, and I am sure that you will go away feeling good and ready to hit the tables again!
4	Located right in the casino at The Venetian, Grand Lux Cafe is easy to find. There are even signs posted directing you to the door. Once you are there, seating options are inside the restaurant or at one of the tables that is out in the casino. My only complaint from the trip was what I imagine to be the only complaint I would ever have with the Grand Lux, the iced tea was not very good. My dissatisfaction goes no further. In fact, from there my satisfaction actually grows rapidly. I believe on the menu it is listed as Creamy Spinach and Cheese Dip...though more commonly Spinach and Artichoke dip...and it just might be the best I have ever had. The dip is served with plenty of tortilla chips, so you never have to worry about running out of things to dip, a problem I frequently encounter at other restaurants. If you are familiar with the menus at The Cheesecake Factory, then you understand how overwhelmed you can feel at Grand Lux Cafe as well. So many items on the menu and they all sound good. There just aren't enough hours in the day for a menu like that, but you have to start somewhere.I ordered the Fried Chicken. The meal I anticipated, a breast/thigh/leg with a side of mashed potatoes, would have been right for how hungry I was. The meal I got, a veritable mountain of chicken strips with a side of mashed potatoes, was a bit more than I could handle. I think the chicken was like $13-14. You cannot beat that. Grand Lux has locations in Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Dallas, Houston and Chicago with two future locations of Garden City, NY and Sunrise, FL. At least in the cities where there are currently locations, there are so many restaurants and I always try to not go to the same place twice when I travel since there are so many options. I will have to fight to stick to that when I have the option to go back to Grand Lux Cafe. The place is even open 24 hours (in Las Vegas)!
3	the place to go for a decent meal in vegas. Ill go at least once every trip im there. Usually for breakfast brunch or lunch. They made my girlfriend something off the menu. We appreciated that. Ill be back there for sure.
4	I give this place 4 stars cuz they cater to customers at anytime of the day and night.  After a hard night of drinking and clubbing, they will take your order for either breakfast, lunch or dinner at anytime.  You want to take it with you to your room, go ahead.Myself I had breakfast at 5 in the morning...it was good don't get me wrong.  Probably not the appropriate thing to be eatting after vomiting due to alcohol poisoning.  It was good though.Sunnyside up eggs, hashbrowns, gourmet style...The last day in Vegas we ate here.  i ordered Chicken fingers.  Now you would think 3 strips of chicken.  Lets try pieces with veggies and mashed potatoes.  No I didn't finsh it, I shared.  other dishes my friends tried was linguini with mussels (funny picture for this dish of me and my friend sharing a string of linguine) in a white wine sauce, flautas, and steak.
3	we made reservations for 12 people and they were really cool about it when it ended up being 10. the food is hit or miss and similar to the cheesecake factory menu but not an exact match, although they do serve a select variety of cheesecake factory cheesecakes. my comments on the dishes i tasted:-the clam chowder was total fail. not only was it lukewarm, it was devoid of any flavor, clam or otherwise, and just tasted like watered down cream. -vietnamese fried spring rolls were pretty good-chicken lettuce wraps came with a HUGE bowl of filling. we had to ask for more iceberg lettuce because we ran out 1/4 of the way through the bowl. the flavor was decent although on the salty side.i like that they're open 24 hours, but for a late night meal, nothing beats noodle asia! (see next review)
4	Ah, the Grand Lux. The service is slow, and you may need to wait a while to get a table in this bustling joint (whose interior looks something like a scene from Alice and wonderland ... why do the booths look like mushrooms?), but I really love coming here the first night of a trip to Vegas. First , you need to run all over the strip taking in every sight, drink, and game of chance that Vegas has to offer. After exhausting yourself thusly, head to the Grand Lux and order the Grand appetizer platter for the table (try to do this around 3 or 4 am). This is way too much food for two people, but it's affordable and tasty (I especially love the Asian inspired items on the plate). While you wait the 45 minutes for your food to arrive, take in the sites: pretty and polished Venetian clientele dressed up and popping energy tablets with their wine (I think they're in from LA). Sitting here is reinvigorating! It makes you realize that you can stay up and play some more poker! You can drink five more $1 Miller Lights at O'Sheas! You can play two hands of Blackjack and double your money! But don't think you can win on those slot machines at the Venetian. You can't.
5	We had a couple hours before going to see the Blue Man Group...we wanted dinner..and stumbled upon this place...we scanned the menu and went inside...Got seated quickly...the place had a relaxed atmosphere...we had no idea what to expect when it came to the food...we knew absolutely nothing about this place.  WOW!  I ordered the crispy thai springrolls...they were SO GOOD...the service was excellent along with the superb food..out entrees were brought out of the kitchen by two different wait staff at the same time...and the prices are fair.  We were quite impressed...even looking at what people next to us had ordered and wishing we could try that too...no room for dessert...its a good thing we didnt order dessert...we saw 2 dessert plates being delivered to a table nearby and they were huge and looked to be sinfully delicious.  This place was so good I will make a special trip back to the Venitian just to eat there again..A+++ Grand Lux Cafe
5	Wow.  I can't say enough about this place.  The prices for good food on the strip are relatively steep, but the prices here were downright reasonable.  And the food was great.  The wait staff bent over backwards for me, and quite frankly, I ate most of my meals here over 5 days.  How could I do that?  The menu is HUGE, man!  I would strongly recommend this restaurant.
2	Denny's.....slow service, ok food....expensive prices....but cheaper than a fine dining experience.....I won't be back.....I'm a foodie, and I prefer to spoil myself on places like N9NE
5	Can't brag enough on the Grand Lux Cafe inside the Venetian.  Great food at reasonable prices and above-average service.  What more can you ask for.They have a very extensive menu.  I had the Chicken Madeira and Asian Nachos.  Both were excellent with large portions.  My companions ordered similiar dishes which were also outstanding.  This was probably the best meal we ate during this Vegas trip.  Can't wait to go back and try some more selections from their tempting menu.
3	This place is good.  Good food.  Good service.  Good prices.  Good wine.  The only thing that is really great is the portion size.  You can easily share a meal.  The cheesecake factory owns this place and it runs about the same.We got a side salad (as opposed to the meal salad) and it was huge too.  One side salad and one main course = dinner for two easy.Only complaint was that when we asked if pasta was made fresh on premises we got an evasive answer.  He should have just said no, it was not made fresh on premises.  He said it was all made "for them" and some other language that appeased us at the time, but disappointed us a bit when the food came and the pasta was obviously not fresh.  I know, we were dreaming to think we could get fresh pasta made that day for that price, but we were in Vegas, where my sister eloped and dreams come true, right?  On the upside, the pasta was not over-cooked and limp.All in all a solid meal and I would go back, especially if I were trying to get decent food at a decent price on the strip.  This is almost as low a price as a place like Nathan's Famous hot dogs, especially if you share a main course, which the portion sizes will definitely let you do, but here you get to sit down and eat a nice meal.  For us especially nice, because my new brother-in-law bought us dinner.   Thanks Paul!
3	So your staying at the Venetian and your hekka tired from getting your freak on over at TAO all night. Are you with me?? It's like 4:30 am and they have a full menu!! Got it?? This is not your average Denny's no sir. We were a pretty large party of 11 plus 1 giant banana named Ben. *see pic* It being so late or early depending on how you look at it I guess. It is Vegas after all but that's not the point here. We had to wait awhile before being seated where there were maybe 3 other occupied tables in our section so I wouldnt say it was busy by any means. Our waitress her name escapes me. Sorry, late night!! But she was AWESOME!! Seriously 11 drunktards and she was hekka cheery chatting mith us, taking orders, making suggestions, playing with Ben ,etc. I cant remembered what everyone ordered but I don't think anyone was too impressed with the food, nothing stood out and a few people had to change their orders for they ran out of some things. I on the other hand always order my good ole Vegas stand by bagel & lox, well you cant really mess that up too much now can you?? So in summation basically if there is nothing else open, you dont feel like walking, and the elevator to your suite is right next to this place I would definitely go again!
4	A trip to vegas has to have a stop @ the Grand Lux Cafe!!!  I have nooo idea why i am so drawn to this place?!?!  After my bff took me here on my birthday trip I fell in love with this place and I can't wait to go back.  Sometimes I think of going to vegas just for this...but then with the help of wonderful YELP I found they have one in LA!!! I am going there the next time im LA ...which will be verrrry soon.  However I LOVE the food here everything comes out soo yummy! *APPETIZERsbuffalo chicken rolls, edamame, creamy spinach & cheese dip*SALADSpicy Calamari Salad*MEALSSunday Night PastaPasta w.chicken sun dried tomato & mushroomLemon Chicken Piccata (omg!)Salisbury chopped Steak ( this is gross anywhere else but SO yum here!)& there STRAWBERRY LAVA COLADA is sooooo yummmy!!!!!everything is so delicious.  One time we went with a party of nearly 20 and everyone was loving the food...!the NEGATIVES...-the food i love isnt served all 24hours soooo if I came late nite (ok fine like 4am) theres no chicken picata or salisbury steak =(  however u can ALWAYS find something goodthe entrance is EXTEMELY slippery!!!!! in fact the entire restuarant is really hard to walk on esp. with heels...its really insane how they made the ground however even if it means havin to fall on my ass and expose myself from my skanky vegas gear im all game...so yummmy!I dont know I guess the good food confused me but I didn't know it was connected with cheese cake factory! and ben f. made fun of me for not realizing!! im not to fond of cheesecakefactory but this place O M G
3	I went to this place a few months ago and really enjoyed my dinner but I just came back from Vegas and visited this place once again and found that this time around, my experience wasn't as pleasant.  5 of my girlfriends and I decided to eat here the next morning/afternoon because we were pretty much too hungover to venture outside the hotel (we were staying at the palazzo).  To cut to the chase... here are the pros and the cons:Pros:-the food is pretty good - i've had the miso salmon here before (a while back) & the seared tuna appetizer was a perfect blend of flavors to keep you mouth-watering satisfied.-it's a fairly reasonable place to dine that won't empty out your wallet.-the portions are pretty big.-free bread.-freshly baked cookies. =]Cons:-I have to agree with Carolyn C., the floors are extremely slippery! I thought I was going to fall walking in and out of the restaurant!-the servers tend to disappear on you for long, and i mean LOOOOONG periods of time-they say they have a "soup of the day" then return after about 15 minutes of you ordering it to tell you they ran out of "soup of the day" at around 7pm.  -food takes a long time to come out, and the refills for your drinks take just as long... except when the manager comes to your table, the server shows up instantaneously to ask what's wrong and why the manager was at the table.-my friends that ordered the BLT sandwich and the mashed potatoes weren't thrilled with their meal... as they put it, "it wasn't that great"
3	This message is brought to you - FYI.  There is only 1 place open for dinner in the Venetian after 10pm throughout the week, yup, this is the place.  The portions were great, we had a salad and an appetizer, that's all I remember.  It was late, we were hungry and had a little to drink.  We split everything and were perfectly content.  Personally, get a booth in the back.
3	Open late for when someone's boyfriend wants ice cream at like one in the morning.  They also have good pastries and make a decent cup of coffee.
4	ate here four times in three days on my last weekend trip to vegas, mostly while faded.  the place is just so convienent if you're staying at the Venetian or any of the connected hotels.  probably the best fries on the strip (crispy and super salty) and the sloppy joe sandwich is the perfect way to end the night...at 5am.
4	Ya Ya its a chain and I normally don't do chains... But, when in Vegas and you are done partying and its 5-6-7 in he am and you are hungry you can always rely on the grand luxe.. Ive spent many drunken nights here with my gf's this is the place you usually bump into everyone at every time I come here I always bump into friends or somebody I know eating..  The Service is fast the drinks are good and the food is typical Cheese Cake Factory kinda food big portions always good.. So if ur in Vegas when Im there you will most likely see my drunk ass there after the clubs close...
4	OPEN 24 HOURS? Yeah you know it, this place is where to be at and be seen at after partying over at Tao. This has a big inkling resemblance to the Cheesecake Factory and that's only the case because it is a spin off of the Cheesecake Factory -- go figure! Their menu is HUGE. It would take me a good 5 minutes to read everything and decide what I want but the first time we came here, we ordered from their take out area, and the second time I came here, we just ordered desserts. Their cheesecakes do not hold a candle to the ones at the Cheesecake Factory but it was still okay at the time. I was more interested in the complimentary white and wheat breads to cure my hangover and fill my empty belly. The lady at the table next to use ordered Grand Lux's pot pie and the pot pie was bigger than her head. It was MASSIVE! I laughed when she tried to eat it. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm definitely paying a visit to the Grand Lux Cafe. And did you know there's one over in the Palazzo too? Because I sure didn't. We trekked over from the Palazzo to eat at the one in the Venetian -- hahaha . . .
3	I was surprised to find out the Grand Luxe was a chain restaurant tied with Cheesecake Factory.  I personally don't care for Cheesecake Factory so this was a pleasant surprise that their menu vastly differs from their counterpart.  Their menu was pages and pages in length.  I wanted to order so many items!Staying at the Palazzo in December had led us (6 girls) not want to venture out much in the cold and just dine in primarily The Palazzo or the Venetian.  It so happened that we ended up here for both breakfast/lunch and dinner this past trip.  For breakfast/lunch they offer lunch specials for a reasonable price and from the looks of what my friends ordered, the portions seem filling to the point of having leftovers.  After a night of drinking, I always crave soup.  My friend mentioned pho earlier and we read the zen noodles description which sounded like pho so I thought to give it a try.  It tasted similar to pho, but lacking flavor.  It did come with chili, basil, and bean sprouts.  It did the job and hit te spot- and was enjoyable.  For dinner, I had an ahi appetizer which was fantastic.  It tasted very fresh and was accompanied by 3 types of salad: carrot, cucumber, and bean sprouts.  The cucumber and bean sprout salads were delish but the carrot salad really didn't have much flavor.  I could say that I enjoyed both my meals and that I wouldn't mind coming back.On the other hand, some of my friends cared to disagree.  For lunch, my friend wanted a pickle to add to her sandwich but they said they didn't have pickles.  Not a big thing to me, but this displeased my friend.  For dinner when we came back, they had 2 soups of the day: cream of chicken and clam chowder.  3 of my friends ordered the clam chowder and maybe 20 minutes into waiting, the manager had to come up to our table to apologize and say they ran out of clam chowder.  What a disappointment to hear that the chowder was the special but they didn't have any left because they ran out of clams.  On both lunch and dinner meals, service was lacking.  It took at least 20-30 minutes+ wait for food.  Water was scarce and so was the waiter.  Food was good but questionable if worth the service/wait....
4	Its a 3.5 rating for me. Very close to 4; Ryan and I were having a Mini Vacation out in Vegas December 14-17th; My friends always come to Vegas (my best friend is Dating someone from out there) and I had only been to Vegas once in my entire life for a little less than a day. I decided that since I've stepped into this town without the faintest idea of what I'm doing, I'll holler at my friends who are no strangers. They suggested Grand Lux; I had never heard of this place before even though its a chain and I didn't even know it was part of the Cheesecake Factory family until I Yelped it (Like the good yelper I am, I referred to my iPhone app to spy on this place before diving in)* and was relieved to find that it got pretty good reviews. We ate here twice. First time was yum nummy.Lunch: --Buffalo chicken rolls HOLY COW good; --Ryan's Enchilada lunch special was very good--My chicken salad/house salad/chicken and mushroom soup was.. a little bland, it was okaaay, but It needed SOMETHING. Finished my salad the vinaigrette was good. They have some pretty good lunch deals which are HUGE servings even for lunch. The Buffalo chicken rolls were soo good, I crave them all the time. Dinner (the next day) --Ryan got Crispy Caramel Chicken with Rice which was pretty good although we were a bit apprehensive about the caramel part. ++Now here's where they lose points++--I got the flat bread spicy chicken sandwich which was HORRIBLE! Bland Bland; Flat bread was tough and tasted like cardboard, chicken was bland and tasted like Subway "roasted chicken" the spicy mayo was gross and the fries were way too crunchy & COLD. I was so disappointed. --Good thing I was able to get a little full from the Buffalo Rolls we ordered again. It seemed like I got the short straw here.. My food was never that great, but Ryan's was waaay better. Almost like a different place. Put I do give it points for having some good things on the menu, but I have to take some away for being kind of inconsistent. So I struggle with the stars here. I wouldn't kick GLC out of bed though. I'll come back here again because for two 21 year old struggling college students, the prices weren't bad at all. I'll come back. But I just wish the place was consistent. **Yelp actually saved me from a lot of places out in Vegas. You could be a big name four star restaurant, but if Yelp gives you bad reviews I'm taking its word for it. I love Yelp.
4	The Food Is Great, but a little pricey$-$$ especially for lunch.  One other slight negative. Expect to Waite in line and because it is always busy, it can be noisy
4	Great place to eat after clubbing at TAO or any other LV club. My friend and I was making fun of Grand Lux because we thought it was a total bite of Cheesecake Factory. From the decor to the take out bags. Until a day later we realized it was created/founded or whatever by Cheesecake Factory. That was a lol on our part. Service was mediocre that night because all the clubbers were heading here to eat their early morning meals and absorb as much alcohol as they can.  A handful of drunktards... including us. Food: I was not hungry that night so all I got was a super small salad for a premo price. A couple friends ordered Zen Noodles.. aka the Hangover cure... that came wayy late. We were done eating already. We let the server know and he galdly tooked it off the bill. After our meal, the manager came by to apologize and explain why it took so long. In addition to the free Zen Noodles, he gave us two orders of desserts to go. We thought it was a really nice gesture by him even though it was super busy that night. I'm a fan.
4	We ate at the Grand Lux Cafe at The Venetian in Las Vegas and it was our first time.  The only thing that I heard about this place before we went was that it was a spinoff from the creators of The Cheesecake Factory.  I figured it would probably be good.We went for breakfast one morning and took our two kids.  My wife opted for the 'Express Breakfast", aka the buffet.  They had all sorts of fresh fruit, pastries, yogurt, bacon, sausage and breads.  They also had cook to order omlets.  My wife enjoyed it all.  Pretty good for being a buffet.I ordered the Chilaquiles off of the menu.  I couldn't have made a better choice!  Delicious ranchero sauce, cheese, scrambled eggs, tortilla strips and I'm sure other stuff. All I remember was that it was heaven.  My wife thinks I'm crazy because I kept talking about how good my breakfast was the entire day.  In fact it was so good that we went out of our way to go back the next day for breakfast.Unfortunately I can't comment on other menu items but the menu was large and varied as others have already mentioned.  Also, the portions are big.Great food, I'll be sure to stop by whenever we are somewhere that Grand Lux Cafe is.
4	Cheesecake Factory is my favorite, or rather, the only chain that I like.  Grand Lux Cafe is the spitting image of its sister, from the wait to the menu to the quality of food and service.  I've also eaten at the one in Beverly Hills.  All consistent.  It was Christmas dinner time in Vegas, and we were headed to the one at the Palazzo, but we came across the one in the Venetian first, and since it was only a 20 minute wait (unheard of in Cheesecake Factory land) we stayed.  Our server was nice and we got apologies from both her and the manager for the long wait of our food.  Hell, I didn't care as long as I had my pomegranate martini ($13) to sip on, and some warm bread and butter to munch on.I had the spaghettini w/ clams and rock shrimp.  Very garlicky and yummy.  I thought the pasta was a little on the dry side, until I got down to the bottom of my plate (yeah, it's a lot of pasta), where all the olive oil and white wine goodness had coagulated, probably from sitting under a lamp for awhile.  Anyways, it was good and I'd order it again.My petite friend ordered the "max burger" which had everything on it including bits of beef shortrib (are you serious?!).  She managed to eat half of it, said it was great, but suggested that seasoned and/or curly fries would have been a better partner than regular fries.  Someone else ordered the fried chicken which looked like it could have fed our whole table.  It was served with mashed potatoes, snap peas, broccoli, and sweet potatoes.  It must've been delish cuz she ate all her sides before getting to the chicken.  The least favorite meal at the table was the pasta carbonara.  Bland and made with cherry tomatoes, which she didn't like.  I took the little cherries and added them to my dry pasta which was actually a good pairing.  And just like the Cheesecake Factory, we didn't have room for the cheesecake or any other dessert.  That was my bad.
3	This is your Denny's option if you have the alcohol induced munchies after a long night of foolery in the Venetian.   I have to give much props to the server who helped out the homey with a homemade cure all for a stomach ache.  I don't think it worked but how many servers would even try to lend a helping hand.  Portions are big so be prepared to be full or split with another person.
3	This place is 24/7 in the Venetian.  There can be a line, but we wanted maybe 10-15 minutes around 3:30am on a holiday weekend.We came here just for a small snack.. We tried the french fries, and the Boston cream pie.There is free bread and butter.. it's pretty average.. maybe one notch above the cheesecake factory.We had the french fries.. eh,  they were a little different than cheesecake, but almost the same. They weren't as crisp as we usually get at cheesecake factory. The portion was small, and they cost 4.50.. still better than most other diner cafes at this hour.The boston cream pie was decent.. The burgers sounded good, and knowing they're good at the cheesecake factory, they better be damn good here. They also have a nice selection of steaks. We were too full to try them, but I wasn't too impressed by this place.   I'd only come here for late night..
4	Great for late night dining! After Tao....this is the spot! My fiance and I ordered buffalo wings and fried calamari at 3 am. The food was good and definitely hit the spot! Since we were staying at the Venetian, we ate here again for a late lunch the next day. The lunch portions were a perfect size. Food is good, you won't be disappointed.
3	I wanted to eat here during the summer but didn't have an opportunity.  So I jumped to eat hear the next time I came to Las Vegas.  Was here for lunch on a weekday between Christmas and New Years and was seated rather quickly near the bar area.  The waitress explained the offerings were large and there were lunch portions available.  I ordered the Strawberry lemonade and Hot Brown.  My friend ordered the Pasta Del Sol and a Spicy Bloody Mary.   For an appetizer we ordered the Fried Shrimp, Calamari, and Vegetables.Drinks came out and Strawberry lemonade came out a bit sweet and I had to water it down with some water.  The Bloody Mary tasted nice and spicy and no hint of booze!The appetizer came out quick and it certainly was enough for 4 as an appetizer.  Eat this quick as it will get greasy towards the end.The waitress checked up on us and said the mains should be ready and after a small delay they came out.My Hot Brown which is an open faced turkey sandwich on thick toast with cheese sauce was larger than expected and served separately with a side of fries.    The sauce was very rich and was slathered over the entire plate.  I had to dig into the bread and fries to cut the richness of this cheesy sauce.I cannot comment on the Pasta as I only had a small bite.Service was exceptional as the drinks and water were refilled well and the waitress even help box the rest of the uneaten Pasta Del Sol.  When asked for dessert, we declined, but the waitress did mention that they were open 24 hrs.The group seated next to us ordered the lunch portions of salad and they certainly were sufficient for lunch.  I certainly would go for a lunch portion next time, if you aren't completely famished.
3	We had two (three?) meals here during our stay at the Venetian hotel. Decent, but the experience and food quality reminds me a lot of the Cheesecake Factory (who also own the Grand Lux). They serve your usual rote of bland (or over-salted) American standards: pastas, giant burgers, monstrous breakfasts. On one meal, my husband's Grand Lux Burger was relatively dry, I enjoyed the Shortrib Grilled Cheese, which made for good hangover food, but really nothing to write home about. During another meal I had the corned beef hash, which was nice -- not your typical Denny's canned fare, but the over-easy eggs that I'd ordered were slightly overcooked.It's relatively inexpensive sit-down fare (by Vegas standards, anyway) - not bad if you want to grab a fairly quick bite in between gambling runs and don't feel like leaving the hotel or patronizing the food court.
4	Grand lux, how i love thee. The step child of the cheese cake factory and you never seem to disappoint me in any meal. Good cheap good, great service and huge portions. Grand lux is probably our default decision whenever we can't decide on a restaurant to go when were in Vegas. It should be everyones! SHIT WHY NOT! Huge extensive menu, that serves a great variety of cuisines! Cheaper than any other restaurants in the hotel!
4	If there's a book on how to run a large restaurant efficiently, serve decent food in a nice atmosphere, and get the orders right, then these folks wrote that book. Even though it's a large establishment inside a casino, the waiters don't treat you like you're a tourist at Disneyland.There are, in fact, multiple Grand Lux cafes, with identical menus -- one  inside the Venetian and one at the Palazzo (the two casinos are seamlessly connected). And there's also a mini G.L. serving coffee and pastry.This is a great option when you're looking for reliably good food served quickly -- but not in the mood for a) the food court, or b) a high-dollar, celebrity-chef inspired, fine-dining "experience". I ate at Grand Lux twice this weekend (once at V and once at the Palazzo), and the service was exceptional. For breakfast I had the best French toast I've tasted in a long time -- not too soft, gooey, or sweet (made with Brioche). (I rarely go out for breakfast, but for this place I'll make an exception; so many places seem compromised at breakfast, like everything is being done by the B team, which I suspect it probably is.) At lunch, I had the chicken enchiladas (available in two portion sizes -- the lunch consists of two smallish enchiladas, plenty of food unless you are really hungry). The sauces were spicy and flavorful -- a nice dish and only about $11. Hubby had the appetizer-portion Greek salad, also good, and quite substantial. We had a side of fries, and they were good. The staff made sure our water glasses were filled, not making us feel rushed, and the time we spent there was exactly right (they keep the music up *really* loud to keep those tables turned... but in a nice way). Compared to the iffy service and cramped quarters at the Tintoretto bakery / cafe near the Grand Canal Shops, this place is a Godsend.
4	This place is great because it is open 24 hours. I've tried the calamari. I would say Ichiza has better fried calamari. The zen noodles is pretty good. It is somewhat like pho, but not pho. Santa Barbra sandwhich is pretty good in my opinion. I would ordered that again. The waitress was nice and overall, this place leaves a good impression on me.
5	This place reminds me of The Cheese Cake Factory (maybe because it's by the same company) and the caliber of food is top notch, like that at the Factory. We went for an early dinner on Saturday night at the Venetian before heading to Jeopardy and were going to skip this place when we saw the mass amounts of people waiting to get in. They handed us a pager and said 5-15 minutes and we thought there was no way, but within 10 minutes we were being seated. I had the Spicy Buffalo Chicken Sandwich that was heavenly. The chicken was super moist, the bun perfect.... it was perfectly flavorful, The fries were pretty damn good, too. I generally think fries are fries but these were crispy without being super oily. I was very pleased with my entire meal. Mike had the Pasta Telephono. I'm going to cut and copy from the menu now: A Rich Tomato Sauce with a Dash of Cream and Melted Mozzarella Cheese. Baked and Topped with Toasted Bread Crumbs. And yes, it was divine and we ate every single bite. Very yummy. We decided to splurge on some dessert (although we barely had any room left...) and went for the Candy Bar Pie. HOLY CRAP. I wanted to be bulimic right about now to fit this sinful plate of sweet goodness in my belly. Overall, a scrumptious meal worth every bite and every penny. Bonus: the CES convention was getting out just as the Adult Entertainment expo was beginning-- so of course, I got my picture taken with a male porn star. Surgically implanted horns and all. Nothing like dinner and a show...
5	Definite spot to hit up in Las Vegas, especially if you just came from or going to Tao Nightclub.This place is a reason to book a room in the Venetian.All I will is that it's your favorite diner times 10.Check out the website for all the details you need:http://www.grandluxcafe.com/Everything is pretty good, but I would just stick to the appetizers if I had to.You must order this:Double Stuffed Potato Spring Rolls Might as well get this:The Grand Appetizer PlatterThe food is too good. The wait isn't too long. The place is always open.I am sure that you will probably take a picture of your food too.Don't ask questions, just go and you'll have a new place to tell about when they plan a Vegas trip.
5	Well like always my drunk ass was there at 4 in the Am and we all got the Kobe Beef Hot dogs...  YUMMMMMMY  They were so good...    Also every night my friends would go down and pick up a Pizza the Pizza is really good also.. Perfect drunk food!!
1	This place is not for people who want to lower cholesterol.For a grand hotel it sure has a crappy overpriced cafe. The menu at The Grand Lux, Palazzo AND at the Venetian is just so SALTY!  From Appetizers to Dinner Entres to the Late night dinner menu! I had to drink a sip of water after every bite. Maybe they think people will drink more alcohol with salty food? And it's not like anything is really cheap. The least we spent was about 25-40 bucks for a light dinner.I was REALLY mad AGAIN having eating at the Grand Sux. GEEZ!
4	I was recently in Vegas for four days and seemed to keep ending up here every night (or morning around 5am).  Since this is owned by the Cheesecake Factory, the decor and many choices and the menu had much the same flavor.First visit (5AM)-Fried chicken and waffles.Second visit (5PM)-a huge Max Burger.Third visit (4AM)-corned beef hash and eggs.The late night menu was very extensive and there's pretty much something to satisfy every craving.  The corned beef hash is real strips of corned beef, not that dog food can stuff you get at Safeway.  That meal was the least favorite of the three.  Fried chicken and waffles were good.  Burger was great.Service was quick and filled water and drinks often.The floor was really slippery like someone dropped a bottle of olive oil and the cleaner spread it around the entire joint.  At one point, a lady fell as she was exiting.  Note to restaurant:slippery floor+tons of drunk people at 5AM=accident and lawsuit waiting to happen.We ran into Ron Jeremy in the waiting area-the legend of something.
5	This GLC gets 5-stars as opposed to the 4-stars I gave to the LA location for a few reason. And for those familiar with both locations, you'll understand my sediment. First, GLC in the Venetian is 24/7/365 in Vegas... cant get better than that. I think I have gone there EVERYTIME i've gone to Tao on a fri or sat night (which is kinda scary if you think about it). It was a meeting spot after all the night's festivities and I have very fond memories of the place. Second, on one such drunken occasion, I was falling asleep at the table and knocked over a pitcher of water that fell on the floor and broke, and the waiter was kind and patient with my drunk ass. and lastly, though, the prices are a bit steep for upper-end-diner food, I'm willing to pay for it after the 100s of $$$$ that i lost or won in vegas... In L.A., it just sux to pay for expensive food.  (see L.A. grand lux review)moral of the story.... everything is better in Vegas
5	Do yourself a favor, sit at the bar to have dinner and drinks.  The restaurant is typical, but the bar service is ALWAYS excellent!  My favorite is the Miso Salmon  It's always a challenge to order because everything is great.  If you're not impressed the first time, give it another try.  All their drinks are hand made with fresh ingredients.
4	They say this place was created by the makers of the Cheesecake Factory. My biggest complaint about Cheesecake Factory is how damn touristy it is. It's nearly impossible to have a peaceful, easy lunch there without the place being ridiculously busy and having to wait an hour. But what if there was a place with Cheesecake Factory food, minus the hoards of tourists?? Lo and behold, that is Grand Lux Cafe. It really is too bad it's in Vegas and I only frequent that town about every other year. The food was delicious, and arrived quickly. We had good service, even though we sat in the bar. It absolutely reminded me of Cheesecake Factory in the menu options and flavors. The only sad thing was that I wasn't able to eat all my pasta and I wasted it, since we left the next morning. Okay, okay, I'll admit it, we visited this place after midnight and a bottle of wine. But honestly--it's really good. I'm sure it wasn't just the wine.
4	Grand Lux Cafe...      Thank you Grand Lux Cafe or I would have not survived Vegas for a week. My boyfriend and I stayed at the Venetian on our New Year's Vegas trip. I ate here at least 3 times; the first time was at 3 AM on our arrival night. I ordered a club sandwich, which was pretty good on an empty stomach from my 5.5 hrs drive from LA to Vegas. I ordered the sandwich from the bakery because the line was long for the restaurant itself due to club goers. I was disappointed when the guy at the register told me that the wait time will be 40 mins. 40 mins for a sandwich! He was lucky I was hungry!      A few days later I grabbed some lunch from the bakery, I had ordered a BBQ chicken pizza and a Caesar salad. The pizza was really good and satisfying. The salad was fresh and the dressing was tasty. My friends had ate some lunch from the cafe about 30 mins earlier, when my boyfriend and I arrived at the suite we were luckily to have some of their calamari. The calamari is to die for!! It comes with an array of dipping sauces and in the mix of calamari - there are some pieces of zucchini. After bites and bites of calamari, it's refreshing to take a bite of the soft zucchini. It helps balances the taste of the calamari. Especially with fried foods, after a handful I'm usually sick of the greasy taste in my mouth. The calamari at Grand Lux is fried perfectly and keeps you wanting more. The portions of the food is pretty good too.      On my next Vegas trip, Venetian and Grand Lux are definitely on my hit list.
5	We were staying at the Venetian for a wedding and had lunch at theGrand Lux . The food was amazing I never thought I would give a 5 starreview to a chain restaurant but this place deserves it.We had the Mini Kobe beef hot dogs topped with chili and cheese .They were as good as Pinks hot dogs in LA SOOOOO GOOD.The spicy calamari salad was the best I've ever had and I love calamari.Sis had the pasta carbonara and Ed had the huge fish n chips allamazing.The prices are great it has to be the most reasonable place to eatin the Venetian hotel.Our bill was like $60.00 bucks for all the food we had drinks included.I only wish we had time to go back for breakfast so I could have triedthe fried chicken and waffles. Oh well next time.....
4	This place is definitely GRAND... as in HUGE! This restaurant can house plenty huge groups of people especially at 3-4am when we are all starving from a night of dancing at Tao or Lavo.Food is good and it's open very late (Great for clubbers!). Their cream of chicken soup is rich and tasty, not watery at all. The portions are huge and I get stuffed with just half the sandwich. I've been here 3x already. Breakfast, lunch and after hours. All 3x have been good experiences. Service is excellent especially during the after hours meal we had... but that could also be because we were a group of girls in our clubbing outfits ready to grub after a long night of shake shake shakin it @ Tao ;P
4	first impression of this place when we came in was that it was going to be overpriced and run of the mill diner type food with a little twist.after checking out the menu, we couldn't help the similarity with cheesecake factory (which i think there is some correlation or relationship at least).anyways we opted for the calamari salad and the sloppy joe.once the meals came and we dug in, we were instantly hooked. we terrorized each plate to the bone. the calamari salad was realllllllly good. very flavorful and the fried calamari really went well with it all. the sloppy joe very flavorful and complimented by the criss cut fries very wellour waiter suggested we try the beignets and swore that they were the shit. we ordered some and were kinda disappointed. they tasted like bland donuts imo. but whatever that calamari salad was so good. i was very impressed and pleased with the service atmosphere and quality of food. thank god there is one in la as well. this place is definitely worth a shot.
4	My bf and I came here for a late dinner and we were pleasantly surprised at how good the food was. We yelped it and apparently this place was created by the owners of Cheese Cake Factory, so we thought okay this should be decent. My bf got the Chicken Parmesan and he is still talking about it days after we ate there. I got the Pasta Fresca which I normally wouldn't have ordered but I was feeling extra crappy because of a bug I caught and didn't want to eat any meat, so it was perfect for me at the time. I would definitely go back. Too bad they don't have one in SF. Good food for a decent price at a place you wouldn't expect it - at the Venetian!
5	You can get the breakfast buffet or order off their menu. They have scrambled eggs, sausages, ham, hash browns, fresh fruit, cereal, unlimited orange juice, milk, oatmeal, bagels w/cream cheese... your choice in many different breakfast foods but it's all normal.They have non-alcoholic pretty drinks for the morning if you don't feel like drinking alllllllll day :) Love the sweet breakfast dishes especially while the savory ones are just okay. It can get a bit busy but at the most, you'll wait about 15 minutes to get seated. Most of the time you'll be seated upon arrival. The atmosphere is very dim (probably for the hungover people)... Service is usually pretty good although it is a rather large restaurant so it gets a bit hectic. The coffee is amazing. Maybe because it's Italian and we're by the "venetian" =P
4	Seriously the best chili I have ever had...EVER.  Braised short-ribs and angus beef, and the cornbread muffin...don't get me started!!  When I told the waiter that my chili was the best ever, he told me it's his favorite, too!  The portions are very large and my husband's buffalo-style chicken sandwich was very, very good, also.  We travel to Las Vegas about 4 times a year and the Grand Lux Cafe will definitely be added to our restaurant rotation!!
3	wow! this place has been a 4.999 star for me. always stoppin here to eat on EVERY vegas trip for the past few years...this trip we ate our first  nite dinner here... too bad the waitress fucked up our mood. when we were at the bar watchin the laker game we were told we were gettin the table there but when i asked the waitress if we could sit she replied a rude "nooo, you cant just SIT" well whatever we just did...later she had mad attitude slamming drinks down, when she came out with our appetizer she waited and stared at my friend, when my friend eventually looked up at our waitress she replied...RUDELY " can you MOVE the STUFF " along with a looooooong sigh which she then tossed our spinach dip down...her rudeness continued through the nite. and my salisbury steak even came out just..ok.....not like how i remembered it.  towards the end of the meal the girl comes out ALL nice...totally 180 switcharoo as im sure she realized she'd have to start acting normal again in order to rake in some tip...crazy crazy girl.... u need help...
3	Located inside The Venetian is the Grand Lux Cafe. You cant miss it! It is right by the escalators leading up to parking lot where valet is done. I would describe Grand Lux Cafe as a upscale Cheesecake Factory, but a little bit more expensive. It seems that every single time that I am in Vegas, I end up here. From prior experiences, I would have rated this place a 4-5 star, but it did not meet my expectations this time around. It will definitely make me hesitate whether or not I would want to dine here the next time around. Did my eagerness and excitement for this place finally die? We arrive and sit in a booth in the bar area because we wanted to watch the Lakers game that was on. Being in the mood for a burger, I ordered The Max Burger which had certified angus beef topped with cheddar cheese, Applewood smoked bacon, sauteed mushrooms, onions and roasted short ribs, with Fries. It was good, but not good where I was jumping with joy. Our waitress Jina was on PMS the whole night. She was rude and the gf kept noticing it. I was paying attention to the game so I dont know what exactly was going on. I can tell you what I heard from the gf though. She was working as if she hated her job and did not want to be there. She would roll her eyes whenever we wanted some more water, drinks, etc. She was throwing some of our dishes onto the table. She was telling us to move our drinks out of the way in a rude way so she could set down our dishes. She was fat. She was ugly. She was Jina.
4	I have eaten here 3x and tried several dishes here, and most of them have been really good. It's a money 24 hour place for late night Vegas, and it's not as pricey as the fine dining, yet the food is usually as good. It's owned/affiliated with Cheesecake factory so I'm told, and the big menu, portions, and solid food quality reflect that. I actually like it more than Cheesecake Factory though because the menu items are more to my taste and a little more creative and fun in my opinion.
5	I played the Venetian Deep Stack poker tournament all month, and I ate at the Grand Lux nearly every day.  Every meal is awesome, I swear to god.  Portions are huge, prices are decent, service is friendly, what more can you ask for?  My favorites are probably the Santa Barbara chicken sandwich and the chicken parmigiana.
4	24 hours. affordable and good food. perfect pit stop when you're leaving the clubs especially if you're staying at the venetian. love it.
2	Well... uh, ok, I hate to be the one to do this but I'm basing my review off of what the server man put in front of me. Ok, here we go..... Had just arrived at this casino, met my sweetie, was real late and neither one of us had dinner so we head into the Grand Lux Cafe. I'm in the mood for soup, didn't like their soup options so I decide to have their Zen Noodles. After reading the menu description, I realize they're talking about pho, I say yes, that's perfect, definitely will hit the spot. So our server brings my noodles and I immediately notice that the bean sprouts look not so fresh, so I poke my finger into them and eeeeew!(mushy). I spoon a taste of broth and OMG! Are you kidding me! This tastes like chicken broth out of the can. I say whoa now! I am so not going to eat these noodles. So we call over the waiter asking him to send it back and to bring back a menu, (I said please) I felt bad for doing this but I usually pay around $5 for a good bowl of pho in the bay area and they were charging $14. The manager came over and apologized profusely and took care of us from there on, (good manager) Obviously the best thing here on out is if I want a bowl of Pho then I will only order from a noodle shop.
3	Ordered the Jambalaya. It was good, definitely not at the top of my list though. But it was surprisingly better than I had expected cuz I wasn't expecting much. Take it from a clam chowder connoisseur, don't order the clam chowder. It's watery and the clam and potato pieces are teeny. It's still edible though. Service was not very attentive - I am seeing a pattern with these Vegas restaurants. The mimosa's are good but not worth the price. The upsides: portions are HUGE, the corn beef hash is made from real corn beef instead of can, and the waffles...OMG! The best I have EVER had and that's a hard thing to achieve because I'm not a huge fan of waffles. I'll be going back to Grand Lux just for the waffles.
3	While it has its Cheesecake Factory roots, I'm  not a big fan of the limited menu.  The service and quality were great.  Holy Kobe, did I really just have Kobe beef chili dogs?  The Kobe dogs were good, but the hormel chili they spilled over the top was not a good choice.  The Kobe hot dog appetizer, you must try just to have something to talk about with the hungover group at the next table.  Maybe if they open a location in Hawaii they can have Kobe spam.
3	The $16 breakfast buffet is pricey for what you get, but it's fast.  Scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, hash browns, fruit, pastry and cereal surround the custom egg station where you can get omelettes or eggs cooked anyway you want.  I had the buffet one morning and the second morning opted to try the fried chicken and waffle.  The waffle and pecan butter syrup and maple syrup were really good. The chicken was a surprise. It was just 4 breaded fried chicken fingers like you would have in the sports bar.  No bones. The flavor of boned fried chicken is much better than breast meat strips battered and fried.  The bones give more flavor that was missing in this meal.  Next time, have the waffle and hold the chicken.
4	So this is the Cheesecake Factory in Vegas. I don't remember what we did that made us so tired and hungry (gambling, probably...) but I'm glad we made a stop here.  If you're tired of all the other cafes that open late at night with the Hot dog + pizza menu, I'd definitely come here. I think they have a decent menu for a cafe that opens until the wee hours of the morning. Our server was super busy (on Sunday @ 2AM), and was late bringing out our food, but the manager came and apologized for him and then offered us more food to tide us over, but we declined his kind offer.  I had the Max Burger and thought it was worth every penny.  What a giant mess!  I ate it in 2 meals. I know, I came to a cafe and ended up getting a burger anyway, which I could have gotten down the street at Sonic's, but I still maintain that this place is better than the other cafes.  I would definitely come back, considering the variety of options and non- fluorescent atmosphere and esp. the fact that you pay the same price, but get more for your money here.
4	This is a really GREAT place to come for really decent food at a really decent price!We ate here three times on our trip (breakfast, lunch, dinner) - not all in the same day! But all three times the food was better than expected and the service was really good!Try the pasta dishes!It's a little bit loud, because it is a really large restaurant, but the menu has something to suit anyone and the staff is excellent!  Plus, you get free bread with every meal!
1	This is my rant and is as accurate as possible.  Times are approximate.  What you are about to read is detailed.  You may want to turn away now especially if you absolutely love Grand Lux.  My friend Yin was set on going to the Grand Lux location at the Venetian.  We probably should've gone to a buffet instead.A haggard server took our orders and pleasantly answered our questions.  She suggested a vinagerette on the side since I wasn't sure about whether I would like it or not.  Omelette and Hash Browns, two Pasta Carbonaras, Fried Chicken and Waffles (Boneless fried chicken and one Belgian Waffle - why it's plural on the menu is misleading) and Cajun Shrimp & Chicken Jambalaya.  She even recommended lunch portions of our Carbonaras because they serve HUGE portions.They switched servers to a perky young lady who seemed eager to take our order.  Sharida was her name, I believe, and she had curly hair.  She was taking over for the previous lady.  We were glad to have her.After about 15 minutes, the first server surprisingly came back with the duck potstickers (delicious by the way) and a boat of my salad dressing.  In addition, a scalding hot loaf of sliced sourdough bread came a few minutes later.  Within this time, Grand Lux Cafe seats about six guys with luggages by their side to my right.  Soon thereafter, a family of five sits to my left.15 minutes after getting our appetizers and bread...The table of six guys gets their order of cold sandwiches and other quick-fix dishes.  "Hmmm..." we think to ourselves.  "They get their order before us but they sat later.  At least we got our potstickers and bread to tide us over.  Besides, it probably takes quicker to fix their lunch than ours does.  What am I going to do with this salad dressing without salad though?"  They take our appetizer plate and small dishes away.  20-minute mark from the time they delivered our appetizers...25-minute mark...The family to my left gets their orders.  I noticed some had fried chicken, others pasta, still others, hot and tasty dishes.  Okay, something was seriously wrong.30-minute mark..35-minute mark..I try to flag down our waitress who went from one of the bar tables and goes to six-guy table to my right and asks if everything came out alright.  I try to catch her attention through her peripheral vision, but she clearly makes her way to the kitchen.  40-minute mark..My cousin gets up and seeks out our waitress.  He follows her, calls out, but according to him she ignored him and bolted for the kitchen.  The two ladies at the end of the bar simply tell him, "You don't look so happy.""I'm not," he says, but with a smile because they're girls.  He was hiding his frustration.  He sits back down with us.45 minutes after getting our appetizers...All of us are so hungry and waiting there.  I lost my appetite.  Our drinks aren't even filled.  My cousin says, "Let's get out of here."  I on the other hand didn't want to leave without at least paying for the potstickers."Let's just leave," he repeats standing up.  "I don't need this.  We should just go somewhere else.  Clearly the other tables got their food and we didn't."  He pointed out the bar area also got their food right away.  I was beginning to suspect a number of different factors as to why we didn't get ours, but I had enough of it too.  I stood up too looking around for any server.  Yin makes her way to the hostess to try and flag a manager.  My brother stands up. Our table is empty.  Just as the last of our friends agrees and stands up ready to leave, several food servers come out with our dishes.The cheese on our carbonara was dried and hard from the prolonged heat.  The fried chicken wasn't fresh.  The waffle was on the verge of being burnt.  The omelette looked rubbery.  In spite of it all, I liked my creamy pasta and I think the bacon saved it.  I just had to move the cheese.  I was so upset I only ate half of it and didn't enjoy it as much as I could've had it been fresher earlier.  You can *definitely* tell all of our food had been sitting out for a while.  Salad greens were wilted and had dark spots and tomatoes were mushy.The manager, Marty, kept asking how she could make it up to us...crap 5000 word limit-We understand restaurants tend to get busy especially during Sunday mornings and afternoons in Vegas, but clearly, there was some miscommunication between servers and the kitchen.  Maybe it was Sharida's first day.  There are legitimate reasons as to why service (albeit friendly) was abhorrent.  Our server could've at LEAST periodically come by with a status.I've never ever come across service like this.  I guess it was bound to happen sooner or later.  I'd go back to Grand Lux Cafe out of mercy, but never will I set foot at this location again.  We had as much fun on our dining experience as you had reading my rant.
4	Grand Lux!!!! i love you. great food for decent prices...very rare in vegas! we were originally going to go to the pool deck to have brunch at the palazzo but they stopped serving breakfast at noon ...pretty bummed so we headed to grand lux at the venetian (we didnt realize there was a grand lux at the palazzo..but there is.. which we went to the next morning) they stop serving their full breakfast menu at 11am but they still have a few breakfast items on their menu after 11... i got their omelette with bacon, mushrooms, cheese and onions. SO fluffy and so yummy.definitely hit the spot. oh and their coffee was really goood...dont be deceived if the line seems long... it moves pretty quickly because theres a lot of seating inside.
4	A MUST STOP WHEN IN VEGAS!!! ONE OF MY FAVORITE PLACES TO EAT IN VEGAS!!!I've been coming here for several years eversince a bellhop from Caesar's Palace recommended to me and my bestest gal pal one late night back when I was 21 yr old young buck. - Love the beautiful atmosphere (appropriately located in the Venetian)- Love that it is 24 hours (good for breakfast, lunch, dinner, or late night snack)- Love that is from the makers of the Cheesecake Factory (Lot of similarities)- Extensive menu (so much to choose from it can be overwelming)- Great food (Most of the dishes I've tried are pretty good)- Excellent food presentation (kinda that fancy smacy stuff that you get wooed by)- Good portions (wooh....don't think I've finished a whole meal)- Decent prices (avg meal range anywhere from $8 - $18)****BUT...I am tempted to give it 1 less star due to my experience the week before heading Vegas. I called to two seperate times to make reservations for a group of 20. I was put on hold for over 10 minutes and just hung up since I was so frustrated.Nonetheless, due to convenience our group decided to still  eat there since we were staying at the Venetian over the weekend. When calling from the hotel room (making sure to emphasize I was a guest at the Venetian), I quickly got reservations and hardly waited. A bit shady.....guess that have high priority for hotel guests. Good thing to know in the futureWhen we got there, we got a long table in the back where they usually have big groups. One long table and it was spacious and private for a bit. SERVICE was excellent. They had two waitresses serving us. So Grand Lux  I guess I forgive you just this once better not let this happen again ; ) ******Just to note: My friends ate here 3 times when in Vegas since it's the best deal around in the Venetian and still one of the nicest and most decently priced places on the strip.IF YOU LIKE THE CHEESECAKE FACTORY (AND AREN'T THAT INTO THE CHEESECAKE), YOU'LL LIKE IT HERE!
5	Hands down. The best bang for your buck!Just like the cheesecake Factory, this place is one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas maybe even the country.The portions are great. The menu is awesome. The service is excellent. What else could you ask for?My personal favorite is the shrimp scampi, you cannot go wrong with this dish, just perfect. The appetizers are delicious and imaginative. I do not think it is possible to have a bad meal at this place.
5	It's like a glorified Macaroni Grill or Mimi's Cafe..... it's "Grand"! Which means that it tastes better too. . . ok, so this place has been reviewed 244 times before, and the most recent was from a couple days ago... so great food? Check. Great service? Check. Great setting? Check....Well that was easy. I'll be checking you out on the next yelp review of Vegas. Enjoy and Thank you, I'll be here all month!
4	I had the Chicken Fusilli pasta with the sundried tomatoes and it was pretty good! ...Minus the gallon of ORANGE OIL that the noodles were drowning in.  I'm sure that's probably why it tasted so good, but when you are hungry, what isn't good!  I also tried their pepperoni pizza which was NOT tasty at all.  I was buzzed and it was still WAY too greasy and slimy for me.  It didn't even have a crispy crust!  It was so soggy from drowning in orange oil as well.  I just started nibbling on my friend's salad just to try to make myself feel a little healthier.  The food here is pretty similar to the food they serve at Cheesecake factory.  You get pretty big portions for the price you pay and if you play a lot, you can even get your meals comped! If I went to Tao again, I would probably eat here again, just out of convenience.  Still, not too bad and not too expensive for somewhere in Vegas!
3	So it's about 6 in the morning and we are leaving Tao Nightclub. LONG night. Starving. We walk all the way from the Venetian to Palazzo to eat at Grand Lux and find out that we have to go all the way back to Venetian since Palazzo's location was closed and the Venetian location is the one that is open late. I ordered the Kobe Beef hot dog, and it was a great portion for an appetizer, though was a little too big. I almost would have prefered tapas sized portions for this one since it could hardly fit in my mouth, and it came with three hot dogs!One of my friends however, ordered mac and cheese, and it was SO GOOD! SOOO GOOD! I definitely ordered it again when we ate for a second time at the Grand Lux Palazzo right before we left Vegas. At 6 in the morning, this place was PACKED! It might have even been 5AM, but they had a list, and a wait to eat here. Crazy! I was really disappointed about the Kobe hot dogs so I had to knock off a star for that reason, and I really preferred the Palazzo location in general.
5	We decided to take a day trip to Vegas....cause that's how we Angelino's roll..4:15 PM- Get the lunch size chicken parmesan...which is HUGE4:15 AM- Get the dinner size chicken parmesan...which is even HUGERI was in Vegas for less then 24 hours and Grand Lux was the only place I ate at.No lie...2 days later I went to the Grand Lux @ the Beverly Center and had another go at the chicken parmesan....it's THAT BOMB!!!
4	This was a 5-Star place for years but they have slipped to a very respectable 4-Star.  The service, selection, quality and value have always been very good.  My meal (pasta del sol) was only ok this time but my friends all enjoyed their plank salmon, orange chicken, surf n turf and salads.  Tasty martinis, too!
4	service here is great, i remember we had a waitress who was making jokes and recommending food for us, pretty cool. The creme brulee duo here is decadent with two flavors one vanilla and the other chocolate. Has a crunchy sugary hard shell ontop and once you break that, there is a smooth, warm, and silky creme under that, so good, me what some right now! I like that they have a large selection of food on their menu. Also the decor remind me of Cheesecake factory, i know that they are both associated with each other, that's probably why. Can't wait to come back here!
4	I dunno maybe it's what I ordered or something was different with this visit.... I dropped a star because afterwards I didn't feel really good. Like the food was good, but the walk back wasn't very enjoyable, might have been the load of bread and butter I had before I ate.... I dunno.I will say that illness aside, still a great place to eat, the special was a salmon dish and the soup du jour was clam chowder (shou-deir) and that was rich and creamy. I also had the short ribs and those were really really good, only two ribs, but still tender and juicy. And also great service as usual. So please just cause I dropped a star doesn't mean don't go back and enjoy a steak, because I might go back again later this week.
4	After a drive from so cal to vegas, my boyfriend and I decided to have lunch here since it was next to the elevators after we came down from the hotel room.  This place was pretty good!We got seated right away but then again, we were having lunch at 2pm. The host that led us to our table was completely rude but our server was extremely nice and knowledgeable!We started off with the Crispy Ahi Sushi Rolls which was an excellent recommendation from the server!I got the lunch portion of the Miso Salmon and my boyfriend got the Chicken Pot Pie!  Both portions were huge!  I think it would have been best if we had gotten one and shared!The miso salmon was good!   A bit oily since everything was stir fried!The chicken pot pie was good and creamy!  Order this but beware mushroom haters, the cream is really like cream of mushrooms!  The taste of mushrooms is pretty strong!
3	whats a trip to lv w.o a stop @ grandlux?????we got here early (vegas time) saturday mornin (fine noon) for some brunch. the girls and i got seated fairly quick compared to their dinner waitour server was slow as heck. she kept neglectin our table.i got a strawberry waffle...do urself a favor! dont order this...soo not worth it.  on the other hand my friends salad/pasta combo cost the same as my waffle and her chicken carbonara was AMAZINGLY dELISH! the portion was reaaaaallly good for the price too..i swear u hafta stick with the pasta here. u cant go wrong with that!
4	Dear Grand Lux Cafe,Can you please move up to San Jose and replace the Cheesecake Factory? In fact, get rid of all the Cheesecake Factories in the South Bay. Thank you.------------------------------Even though the Cheesecake Factory is owned by the same company as Grand Lux Cafe, the difference between the quality of food is like comparing day and night. Grand Lux has WAY more flavor and pizazz than it's sister restaurant, but I guess it's not that surprising as it IS Vegas and known for their famous chefs from all over the world. Sighs* ---------------------------------The Spaghetti Cabonara was soooo good with just the right amount of sauce and flavors. The generousity of the amount of panchetta was cooked perfectly with a little crisp and not too salty at all! Also split the Ahi Tuna Salad with my friend. AHHHHHH! Ahi tuna with FRESH nori (seaweed) wrapped around it. We both loved that dish; however, a little too much dressing on the bottom of the dish. Maybe next time I should ask them for dressing on the side. Our two other friends enjoyed their dish as well. ----------------------Grand Lux Cafe, even though you didn't have me at hello, you regretfully made me say goodbye.... but you'll be seeing me again.
4	This is the restaurant I would recommend the most in Vegas.  Plenty of fancy-pants restaurants in Vegas, but I think Grand Lux gives you the best bang for your buck!  Super cheap compared to other vegas joints...Portions are giantnormous and food is overall very delicious.  I ordered the Spaghettini with Fresh Clams ($16...see the pic i posted) and had enough to take back to my suite. Waitress warned me it'd be garlicy...which made this garlic lover's eyes light up :).  There were at least 20 clams in my pasta...almost TOO many if you ask me!  Leftovers made for the best 4am after-clubbing-meal one can ask for! I hate the Cheesecake Factory (except their cheesecake), but loved Grand Lux (and since they SERVE Cheescake Factory cakes, doubly-awesome!!)
5	I had not heard of the Grand Lux before my first visit.  I was not disappointed.  I had the best Patty Melt and fries I've ever had.  Hot and crispy, juicy and cheesy.  Yum.  If sex were a food item, I now know what it is.  The Creme Brulee was awesome.  They give you both Vanilla and Chocolate.  Crispy, opening up to cool creamyness.  I will definately go back to try other items on the huge menu.  You may call me a man-whore, but that Creme-Brulee is mine everytime!
4	Hello, best bellini I've ever had.
5	FIVE STARS you say? FIVE stars for the Banana Republic to Cheesecake Factory's Gap?Yes gentle readers, FIVE STARS it is.Grand Lux is pretty underwhelming on an objective level, sporting all the expected elements of a Cheesecake Factory-esque restaurant (giant menu, dim lighting, carbtastic breadbasket, etc.) with one great FIVE STAR exception: it's opened super late. Billions of kudos to the genius who decided to bring a menu of varying selections and super-sized portions to the extremely inebriated (one demographic in dire need of such a gift). I have only been here after midnight and yes, that is when MAGIC happens. The waiters are usually fast, attentive, and accommodating. Once I ordered only a variety of BREADS. Another time, an egg white omelet. But of course the best part is people watching while the lighting is dim, your brain is fuzzy, and inevitable awkward eye contact with fellow diners awaits. My personal favorites include: girl who yakked into her napkin while her friends heartily consumed their meal, guy who got lost and walked by thrice, and girl who passed out face first onto a table.
4	So i came here about 3 times total the whole weekend i was in Las vegas. Its convieniently located inside the Palazzo where we stayed. Its open late and everything that I tried the 3 different times i came here were really good except for the BLT sandwich. That was a bit dry. Other than that you cant really go wrong with anything else. I tried the pizza, chicken and waffles, pasta, grilled chicken sandwich, shaken beef, calamari, crab cake. and the raw tuna. My favorites were the pasta and crab cake!! You have to try the crab cakes here, they are delicious! great food! HUGE portions! and open late! i would agree with the other reviews and say its better than cheesecake.
3	I had a late night meal at the Grand Lux Cafe shortly after rolling into town last Friday.  It's interesting when you step up to a hostess stand at 1:30AM and have to wait ten minutes for a table.  The Grand Lux is owned by the Cheesecake Factory, so if you're familiar with that style of food then the concepts are pretty similar.  The late night menu was trimmed down a bit, but they still had a good assortment of burgers, sandwiches, & finger foods, plus you could get breakfast dishes if you wanted them.  I just went for a grilled chicken sandwich and a beer, they were fine but our service was slow, and I didn't appreciate that the Grand Lux uses the same seating arrangements as the Cheesecake Factory where they'll seat you uncomfortably close to the next table.  This is especially annoying in Vegas, since the people sitting 18 inches away from us were totally wasted and loud.  If it's just you and one other person try to sit at the bar to avoid that and you'll probably have a better experience.
5	Honestly, The Grand Lux Cafe is one of my top five favorite restaurants and has held this prestigious honor since it opened up.Here is my top 10 list as to why The Grand Lux Cafe deserves the honor:10. The menu is huge. If you can't find something that you utterly enjoy on it, go back to McDonald's.9. The wait staff is always accommodating. You can substitute things and it will still come out the exact way you asked, on the first try. ( I have a picky mother-in-law and there are ALWAYS substitutions when she orders her meals)8. If you are lucky enough to snag a seat at the bar and want to eat there, they set you up right with all serving utensils and place mat. Plus, you get your drinks faster, score!7.Seating. We never have a bad table, and comfy seats.6. Plenty of tables. When a restaurant is as popular as this one, they need lots of tables and The Grand Lux Cafe has plenty. I have yet to wait over 10 minutes  for a seat, even on a holiday weekend.5. Artichoke Dip. This is my favorite appetizer ever and the Factory does it well. Spinach, artichokes, cheese=Heaven.4. Avocado Egg rolls. Really, I have no need to say more.3. Cheesecakes! In every flavor imaginable. And they all rule! They even have sugar-free ones for those of us that can't have sugar. Yes!2. Blue-cheese stuffed olive martinis! These little morsels rock and The Grand Lux Cafe hand-stuffs them. Mmm...1. And Finally, Miso Salmon. I can't even find the words as to how great this dish is. The fish, the sauce, it is so freakin' good. I have been to the restaurant when they were all out of it (it has to marinade over night and they only make a certain amount) and I think I cried. Thank goodness there are so many other delicious dishes but the Miso Salmon, just might be my request for a last meal.
5	This is the official mecca of my friends and I when we go to Vegas!! We been coming here for 5 years, that's saying something. The place is pretty damn nice. The atmosphere is not too crazy but you know you're in Vegas. The place is always pretty crowded but you will get seated fairly fast. But anyways, to the food. I love the Mango Smoothie, by far their best smoothie worth the6 Dollars. My favorite appetizer from this place is The Fried Calamari and Shrimp. Fried to perfection and the tartar and tomato sauce are the perfect combo. Their burgers are pretty good. Specially The Max Burger. This has one of the biggest patties on a burger I've ever eaten. But my favorite main dish for sure is The Shaking Beef. Tenderloin Beef with red and green onions and spicy marinade and steam rice . I get the plate almost every time. But there's something for everyone. My favorite Vegas restaurant by a mile. You feel like a million bucks when you are here. The food is beyond expectations.
4	I'm not sure why.. but I like this cafe over the one at the palazzo. It stay open 24/7 and the one in the palazzo close at 2am. The food is really good here and the price is decent. You know how food in Vegas is totally overpriced.My gfs and I came here plenty of times on our last trip bc it was convenient.  I LOVE the ahi... we ordered this a couple times we were there. The buffalo wings is different and veryy gooood after a late night drunken partying. welll it was good overall. The crab cakes is VERY good =]. you have to try it! I really like the shaken beef. I was iffy at first because its a asian dish and this is an american place. but it was actually very good with a little twist. THey have such a big menu.. which is always a plus!! You can get anything from your regular american food to asian cuisine =]
3	Basically a cheesecake factory in Venetian.  So if you like cheesecake factory, you will like this place.  Has most of cheesecake's signature dishes like the awesome madeira chicken.  The ahi tuna sandwich was good too.  They skimped on chicken in the lettuce wraps though, mostly just water chestnuts and other veggies.  Other than that, its a decent relatively inexpensive place to eat in the Venetian
4	i come to the grand lux cafe everytime i visit las vegas! i love how it is conveniently open 24 hours & the food quality is fantastic! so for all the clubbers / late night gamblers, this is the place to hit  up! i ussually like all their pastas and their ahi tuna is soooooooooooo delicious!! They offer a lot of different types of dishes on their menu. Great place to eat at if you have picky eaters, because there is something different for everyone's own personal taste.
4	The Cheesecake Factory is one of the few chain restaurants that I actually enjoy. So a 24 hour Cheesecake Factory in Vegas? I'm all over it! The menu at the Grand Lux Cafe is pretty similar to that of the Cheesecake factory, but with some different dishes as well. We came here a couple weeks ago and were not disappointed. This was the cheapest meal we had in Vegas that weekend, and one of the better meals. Service was fast and friendly, and we will definitely be coming back in the future.
4	Opened by the same creators of The Cheesecake Factory but I think their food is a lot better.  Love that Grand Lux is open 24 hours so you can come whenever.  Their portions are ginormous!  Two dishes is definitely more than enough for two people.The boyfriend and I shared:~ Fried Calamari: appetizer with rock shrimp, zucchini and onions.  One of the best fried calamari dishes I've ever had.  Batter was super light (almost tempura-like).  Also liked that they threw in some shrimp and veggies for some variety.  Yum-O!!~ Cajun Chicken Jambalaya: ordered the lunch special (which is supposed to be smaller than their regular portions but still huge!).  Tasted more like a Chinese stir-fry to me than a Cajun dish but it was still alright.~ Half BBQ Chicken Pizza & House Salad: another lunch special with ginormous portions~ Creme Brulee Duo: two huge creme brulees (vanilla and chocolate)...still liked good ol' vanilla better.We had so much food leftover...we ended up eating it for dinner.Our server was really friendly and helpful.  Definitely would come back next time we go to Vegas.
4	Came here before going to the wax museum for a late breakfast/early lunch around 11:15am....I ordered a belgian waffle with strawberries and my friend ordered an egg white omelet with hash browns and wheat toast...super yum!  Lots of food, very fresh, fast service, reasonable pricing.  Pretty much the same as cheesecake factory, but I'm impressed that they're open late night, so next time I'm out late in Vegas, I'll know where to get some afterhours grub----definitely recommended!
5	A pleasant surprise in casual dinning. We were looking for a light snack and found this restaurant in the Palazzo. The prices are very good and the food even better. It's a small place with a limited menu but the portions are quite large. I had one of their pizzas and I was quite satisfied. The duck pot stickers are excellent.  Very nice establishment.  Our waitress was very nice and provided us with excellent service.
5	This one is located in the Venetian. Went here for breakfast/lunch. Cheesecake factory is one of my favorite restaurants, they have such an extensive menu. So when I found out they owned this I was all over it. Got here, got seated quickly and got a basket of sourdough bread. Then I ordered the fish and chips which were melt in your mouth crispy deliciousness on a plate. :) I don't even remember what my boyfriend got, I was too busy savoring the fish and their homemade tartar sauce. The service was ok, we had two different servers. A must go if in Vegas.
4	Fantastic food, great spot for people watching at the Venetian, and overall, a fun and casual place to eat, while in Vegas.
5	It's just an extension of Cheesecake factory, and I'm not even a big fan of CF anymore, and it's also basically just a hotel resto, but I love the Grand Lux Cafe!  Everytime we are in Vegas, I find myself longing to dine here.  Sadly, I always end up getting the same thing, but it's just because I love it so: the sunday night pasta.  Just thinking about it now makes me kind of want to make the four hour drive from OC.  There are of course nicer and fancier places to dine at, if that is what you are looking for.  For just plain good casual dining in between craps and slots, this place is spot on.
4	Paid this reliable and consistent place two visits on our latest Vegas trip.We love the fried calamari plate... comes with shrimp and veggies as well. YumFukinYum.I agree with the similarities to the Cheesecake Factory when it comes to how the courses are delivered, but food quality blows CF out of the water.Aside from the calamari, we had the Rustic Lasagna, Chicken Royale and Shaking Beef - all delicious. One thing to keep in mind is that the portions are huge. For those (like us) that don't have the appetite to match, it's appropriate here to split the entree and maybe have a couple appetizers. If you do end up enjoying this place the way we did, it's definitely worth a trip or two back to sample the many choices on the menu.
4	What a treat!  I took my party of 8 here before our big night out before we went to club Jet.  That don't allow reservations but we were seated right away at great table.  I love this place, huge 25ft + ceilings, dim lighting and a rich, tastefully decorated dining room.The food was wonderful, all eight of us were enjoying every morsel and the prices were quite resondable for the quality.  I had the chicken Madeira which is such a savory delight - I would recommend it to the pickiest of eaters.  It comes with rich, creamy mased potatoes and perfectly grilled asparagus.We were all eyeing the desserts but no one dared to take the plunge because we had a long night of dancing ahead of us.Only minor complaints - first our waiter spilled part of a pomegranite martini down the back of my freinds dress - good thing for him the dress wasn't white... could you imagine!  And for some reason the floors were super slick, it was like someone had waxed them with Crisco.  I kid you not, you had to hold on to something to keep from slipping.  Whoops! I smell a lawsuit.BOTTOM LINE:  A superb restaurant for just about any occassion.  If you're a first timer go for the specialty items, you're sure to find a new favorite dish.
4	Great place to go for an after clubbing snack! I was afraid it would be expensive, but all the food was reasonably priced. I had the gemmelli with sun dried tomatoes and chicken which was delicious. They also did not seem to mind when we started to break out into song to Miley Cyrus's "The Climb":)
4	When sleepless in Vegas... and hungry..........This is the perfect spot to unwind after a long day. We arrived at the cafe at 3am and ordered a couple of drinks appetizers and salads. The service staff was very attentive and polite. The atmosphere was one of the most memorable settings of our dining experiences. Iron patio railings, antique lamp posts and beautifully painted sky ceilings all created the perfect little Italy at 3am.
3	I feel a little unfair giving them only three stars since I've only been here once and it could have been an isolated incident but 3 stars is still "A-OK"We stayed in the Venetian and the Grand Lux is as convenient as it comes for Venetian guests. Right below the rooms, around the corner from the guest elevators and open all night.When we went, it was 3:30am, we were all buzzing, tired and STARVING. We were sat rather quickly, despite the line, served water and menues, had our orders taken, then left alone... For forever. After about twenty minutes, a waitress swooped by and dropped some bread on the table. We get bread?? About forty-five minutes after that, we're all falling asleep on our table and our waiter comes by to apologize for the wait. He said everybody ordered breakfast all at once and the cooks are overwhelmed. Understandable enough... Until we looked around and no one in the restaurant is eating. If they're cooking, shouldn't SOMEONE be eating?Fast forward another half hour and we decide to cancel our order with the waiter and go upstairs, right then, of course, our food shows up. Now, there are 260+ reviews that will tell you the same thing, but just to be another to say it, the food was delicious!! Of course it was delicious! I was a little sad that I couldn't finish it all. I got the Chicken Flautas, they were crispy on the outside, creamy on the inside and the avocado sauce was just spicy enough. It's apparently one of the more popular late-night orders, along with the Buffalo Eggrolls, which I was told were also kind of perfect. My friend that ordered the Egg White Omelette said it was THE BEST omelette he's ever had. That's as good as it gets, literally! So I don't know, is the amazing food worth an hour and a half wait in the middle of the night? Your choice. Be drunk enough to not care or not hungry enough to notice.
4	this is pretty much a cheesecake factory but with a different name.  at first glance, this place seems tiny, but when  you actually walk inside, it's huge.  this is a great place to go when you don't want to pay the expensive prices of a 5 star restaurant or want something more than the everyday buffet.  i would have given this place 5 stars, but it was busy and packed.  our waiter concentrated on the group of bachelorettes.  i don't blame him but there are other people to focus on.  other than the service and the wait, i'd definitely come back here.
4	Yummy, yummy, yummy!!  Grand Lux Cafe is the PERFECT place to hit up after the club, when you're buzzed and hungry!!  ESPECIALLY when you've just finished clubbing at Tao because it's in the same hotel!  Fortunately for us, we stayed at the Venetian so Grand Lux was always a few minutes walk away.I ordered their cheapest item, which worked out perfectly because I didn't know I would enjoy a burger so much!  It could be the alcohol talking but I really enjoyed my burger.  It was huge!!   I only ate 1/3 of it and saved it for later and was SO SAD to find that someone else had devoured it before I got the chance to =(They also serve sourdough bread!  Smack some butter on top, sprinkle with some salt and pepper (a trick a dear friend of mine showed me) and it's an orgasm in your mouth!!!Grand Lux is so good, I had multiple groups of friends who dined here who didn't even stay at the Venetian!
4	get the chicken and waffles. it's amazing.
4	I was really leery of this place, knowing that it's run by the same folks that give us the way-over-the-top Cheesecake Factory that generally stuns me with its mediocrity.  Not expecting much, I came away really pleasantly surprised.I had a nice seared tuna "burger" that was cooked perfectly and honestly juicy.  My wife had the fish of the day, which was a white fish (can't remember which) done picata-style with lemon, mushrooms, and capers.  Both were satisfying and tasty, and well prepared.  The fries with my sandwich were fresh cut and crispy.Grand Lux is reasonably priced, and does pretty well in spite of the huge menu.  Definitely workable for a family meal or a casual lunch.
4	This place gets 4 stars for being open 24 hours a day, serving Cheesecake Factory food, and being consistent.  If you are hungry, no problem.  The portions are HUGE.The location is inside of the Venetian hotel, just near the elevator bank.  The prices are reasonable, but there might be a wait.  You can order food to go.
4	HAD THE MAX BURGER!!!! OMG! SOOOOOOOOO F'IN GOOD! Certified Angus Beef Topped with Cheddar Cheese, Crisp Bacon,Mushrooms, Onions and Roasted Short Ribs. Served with Fries. WHAT?!?! a burger with roasted short ribs?! I should've added avocado on that thing! one of the best burgers I've had...and it was a nice big burger. I couldn't finish it (I normally finish all my food and then some). Downfall is...it took a real long time for them to get our food out. Our waiter was nice...but he never gave us bread! :( I'd come back though and have another Max burger!
5	2 things are MUST have... buffalo chicken rolls and the patty melt are to die for!!!!
3	This place is really nothing more than a Cheesecake Factory superimposed in swanky Vegas hotel.   And of course, in true Cheesecake fashion, the glossy, voluminous menu book puts any children's storybook to shame and the offering always seems better on the menu than on the plate. But then again, when it's 3.30AM, you've blown $600 for either an overpriced champagne at a club or at the blackjack table with impossible bets, and you're dying for some post-party munchies, none of the above matters.  All you care about is the unlimited serving of warm bread with butter, carb-heavy dish big enough to feed a family of 4 in a third world country, and a glass of ice-cold coke to wash it down with.  Budget-friendly comfort food.
4	everyone and their mother comes here! lolive been here numerous times and here is whats good.indocrine chicken - phenomenal! very different, fusion taste.. good if u want chicken and rice... with an asian indian tastesun-dried tomato pasta - sometimes they dont make it good but make sure u tell the waiter to make it extra good and  not to fuck it up or its free! ahahhaBRUNCH! - super good... i kno it sounds crazy but the OATMEAL is the shit here! hahahahSmoked Salmon Platter - Super good, cant go wrong.Finally FROZEN PEACH BELLINI!!! always!
5	Three words: CHICKEN AND WAFFLES!! Two More: EAT HERE!      I'd heard of Grand Lux being a Cheesecake Factory owned chain, and saw one last weekend in L.A off of Wilshire. I  yelped 24 hour restaurants in Vegas and the second one that shows up was this one. We arrived at 11:45 p.m this past Thursday and everyone from the hostess that answered our questions on the phone to the bus boy that gave us water was nice, professional, and attentive!! It's hard to find good food and excellent service during normal hours of the day let alone at midnight! Only in Vegas, I guess. Our waitress was so nice and gave us some suggestions on what clubs are hot at the moment. We loved it so much we went back the next night at around 10 p.m. (would've gone three days in a row, but no time!)and same deal except this time we noticed they offered chicken and waffles on their menu. GOURMET CHICKEN AND WAFFLES! TAKE THAT ROSCOES!! For dessert we got a dozen pecan chocolate chip cookies to go for something around $6.00 and they were made fresh!! You can't beat that!!Grand Lux is better than Cheesecake Factory! Trust, I went to one at Caesar's and everyone there thought they were too good to work there or threw their dirty laundry with other workers out in the open with us. Not classy.     I urge you not to waste your money or time on crap late night food cafes that over charge you for undercooked food and bad service. Grand Lux is better than Cheesecake Factory!
5	This really is my all time favorite cafe to eat at on the Las Vegas strip.  Whether it is for breakfast, lunch, dinner or late night it really hits the spot for every meal.Best part of this place has to be all their pasta dishes.  I haven't ordered a pasta dish yet that I haven't liked.  Everyone defiantly has to try the pasta dishes if you ever get a chance to come out here.  I've also had  a chance to try some of their appetizers and breakfast food and it was delicious!  A couple of the YELP reviews below were complaining that it was a Cheesecake Factory owned place.  Doesn't really matter to me since their menu is completely different than Cheesecake Factory.  Overall a great cafe to try in Las Vegas.
2	They wouldnt seat us until our entire 20+ party arrived.  I've never understood this policy and it's bullshit.  If seated, we would have drank more while waiting for the few stragglers.  Plus, when they did seat us, the floor was incredibly slippery and even the guys in their flat rubber bottomed soles were sliding.  Real safe.  The food was okay, although I think my salad gave me a serious case of the runs later on (my friend had the same salad and felt sick the next day).   Our waiter was great, though, and she did a good job with our large table.  Drinks were watered down, which also sucked.
2	Like the two star description says. Meh. I've experienced better. You think you are in Cheesecake Factory, minus the cheesecake. Same huge ass menu, comparable prices, but the only difference is that the Cheesecake Factory has better food. I have been three times to this one in The Venetian and each time the food was just eh. Granted the last time I went I was bombed and don't even remember what or how I ordered. I got some sort of burger with Thousand Island on some sort of bread that resembled 10 grit sandpaper. I have scars in my mouth to prove it. There are two redeeming qualities for this location only: 1) It is in Vegas, so at least that means I am there and that always puts a smile on my face & B) One trip we were fortunate enough to observe a drunken woman get into an argument with another table from outside the restaurant. Said woman proceeded to grab plates from an empty table and hurl them toward the other party involved in the argument. She was subsequently carried off by security.
5	I officially LOVE the Grand Lux cafe. Over our four day stay in Vegas (The Palazzo) we ate here four times. I know, lame, right? It was just so good and consistant, too. The service was great and super friendly. They have late night eating where most places stopped at 10 or 11 pm. The prices are decent, too. Apparently Cheesecake Factory owns this chain, too and I would definitely say I like their food much better than the CF. Also, a plus to that is that you can order CF cheesecake for dessert.We went one morning for breakfast. I had blueberry pancakes - whcih were insanely delicious and my husband got the buffet. I believe the buffet was around $17 and he was particularly impressed with the soft waffles and chocolate chip toppings for them. (I took a few pics which I will upload)The other menu items we tried were the ruebin, BLT, and chicken parm - all great!We visited from Sun - Wed and never experienced a crowd or a wait. I'm sure that on the w/e that might be a different story.
5	Grand Lux Cafe is one of my favorite restaurants on the strip! It's like an upscale version of Cheesecake Factory. Really good food, huge portions, and a decently priced menu. The first time I was there, I ordered the Max Burger, which had certified angus beef, smoked bacon, and roasted short ribs in it. So good! I highly recommend that you try it! The service is great and I never had to wait long to be seated and served. It's open 24 hours, so stop by anytime you're hungry!
5	If you like Cheesecake Factory you'll love this spot that's by the same creators of Cheesecake. The menu is obviously similar and they didn't make any drops in quality. I've been here four times and have had:Caramel Thai chicken - delicious, thick sweet caramel glave on top of chicken breast bites. It's a humongous plate that should be shared. The sauce is just amazing and the chicken is juicy. Spaghetti Carbonara: Real melting cheese silces on top, high quality bacon, perfect texture.. I've been to Italy and had the real deal and this is the same if not betterGrilled salmon - as good as expected.. put a hint of lime on it and you're good to goI've had the breakfast platter (saugage, ham, eggs, etc) and it's very good too, but not that amazing nor unique (overpriced too).The service is friendly and also make sure you get the smoothies. They're about $6 but worth it. Huge glasses of perfectly blended fruit, mango and rasberry are fantastic!
5	this place rocked my socks off!! great food for a great price.  Open 24 hrs!!!  I was totally hammered and came here to eat and was sobering up by the time i left....Thanks grand lux   see you in august.
4	Huge portions of good food at very affordable prices!  The asian nachos that we got for an appetizer were great and unlike anything I had had before.  Had the chicken and short rib combo for my meal and finished maybe half of it.  It is a little silly that they give you such huge portions since most Vegas hotels don't have mini fridges in the room, so all that extra food is going to waste.  Be sure to check this place out if you're tired of the buffets or overpriced mediocre restaurants.
4	Really good food, friendly staff, and decent prices.
4	Helloooooo Grand Lux!!!You were our saving grace for an affordaable breakfast buffet as well as a late night drunken food binge. We were very happy with your kind wait staff and caring managers. The breakfast buffet was just what we needed and for $15 that was great! The late night, giant grilled cheese for $6 was out of this world. The turkey club sandwhich was really terrible though, so thats the one thing I can say needs some work ont he menu. New bread, cut it smaller like a club and use a juicier thinner sliced turkey. Honestly thank you for being around and adding a good option to all the choices in Vegas.
4	Oh the chicken and waffle...YUMMY! Pecan maple syrup for the waffles, then dip the chicken in the garlic ranch dressing. Nothing in life is better. The service could of been better. We waited a bit for our order and we didnt get bread like the other tables did. But I will over look that because the chicken and waffle was worth it!
5	Grand Lux is the higher end scale of Cheesecake Factory.  Their menus are quiet similar yet very different.  I love all their food especially the chicken flautas and strawberry lemonade topped with creme brulee' dessert.  The only downfall is that it's inside The Venetian resort and I'm not a fan of the strip on my days off. XD
3	Went here with a friend of mine on a slow thursday night. We were promptly seated. The outside of the establishment is misleading, it look like a cafe setting, but once you enter the main dining room, you feel the Cheesecake Factory-esqe decor. Service: The bus service was attentive and pleasant. The waitress we had was rather sluggish, and mundane. A little personality goes a long way. I brushed it off because there were multiple tables she was serving and some of them had annoying little children. Food: The food was decent. Just what i'd expect from a place like this. Huge portioned, comfort food. I ordered the "Max" burger. It is essentially a bacon cheese burger topped with short ribs. It was pretty good, and the cook prepared it just as i asked. Next time i think i'll try something else. I prefer the BBQ bacon Cheeseburger at Cheesecake over this one. While overall a good experience with decent quality food at a reasonable price, i don't see myself going out of my way to come here. I'll probably stop by after a drunken night at TAO, but then again nothing hits the spot like a "Jacks with a Kicker" from Terribles.
4	I admit the food at the Cheesecake Factory is a lot better. But the place itself is still pretty nice and the food isn't bad either. I ordered the Pasta Telephono with sauteed chicken and it was pretty good. sorta reminded me of the Four-Cheese pasta at Cheesecake. The server was really nice and very attentative even though we were a big group of ten. All in all, it's a nice place to have dinner at. Keep in mind though that the portions are HUGE. I had so much leftover from my dinner, it could've been my breakfast and lunch for the next day :x
4	When staying at The Venetian- the Grand Lux Cafe is a lifesaver! I just recently stayed at The Venetian with 7 other girls for a bachelorette weekend and Grand Lux came in handy on SEVERAL occasions. We had several other meals planned out, but between staying at pool parties too late and needing disco naps before heading out for the nighttime, we didn't make most of our dinner plans...so this place was the answer! We would call in the order, go down in our robes (quite the site, lol), pick up the food, take the food back up, and feast in our rooms :) We had everything from pizzas, to potato spring rolls, to salads, and everything was great. The best part was the price...for 8 girls to eat, the total was only $96! That's less than lunch cost us the first day at one of the panini cafeterias across from the Grand Lux...if only we knew! We also used the Grand Lux for breakfast one day as we surprised the bachelorette with a Lingerie party brunch in the room...we had the waffles, scrambled eggs, hash browns, bacon, and fruit salad (along with some bottles of bubbly and OJ we picked up from different places around the hotel...Afterall, what's a brunch without mimosas?!) and we all loved every breakfast item we had. Some of the girls also used this spot as a late night (OK fine, early morning) spot to snack before hitting the sack, but I didn't...I was more concerned with keeping my liquid diet going ;)
5	I absolutely looooove this place!!! Everything that I have ate here is absolutely delicious..even the tap water tastes good. Ive stayed at the Venetian for one of my most recent trips to Vegas for a week..and just about every meal I had was from the Grande Luxe!What Ive had:appetizers:Mini chili cheese hot dogs: hit the spot after a night of dancing and drinking at Tao, but dont u dare eat em if u cant hold down ur alcohol and food!Duck pot stickers: very yummy, dont really taste the duck meat due to the spicyness of the Hoisin sauce. Asian Nachos: such a cool play off regualar nachos. the chips are made from wontons and there is peanut sauce which is spicy and sweet! there is also wasabi cream which is daring but sooo good. This appetizer is good with a beer!Burgers:The Max Burger: Omfg!! burger effin heaven, I swear to you! Angus beef topped with short ribs, bacon, mushrooms and cheese! So delicious, I wanted to order another..but there was no way I was going to finish it! Santa Barbara Chicken Sandwich: Delicious, but nothing will top the Max Burger. Entrees:Jamaican Pork Tenderloin: The presentation is so pretty, you dont want to eat it, but then your senses kick in and you start grubbin! With every bite of the tenderloin top off your fork with a little of the sweet mash potatos and mango salsa..your tongue will thank you!Fried Chicken: An overload of delicious chicken tenders! Crispy Caramel Chicken: Spicy from the thai sauce, but there is caramel that blands down the kick of the spicyness and makes it a bit sweet. Chicken Royale: if you want to play it safe, go ahead and pick this. simple and delicious.Pizza: Margherita: Yummy with a huge beer! The pizza bread is very thin and super crispy.Simply put, the food is delicious. Be a risk taker and order something that sounds daring with the fusions of sauces, you wont regret it. The presentation for all the plates are lovely.Super Pro:Open 24 hours!!
3	This place had great service and everything was quick and fast with the refills on the bread and on the drinks, which is awesome and what I expect when I'm in Vegas ! :) The food though isn't that great in my opinion. I had the Miso Glazed Salmon because I wasn't feeling good at the time and didn't feel like eating lots of beef and heavy meat soo I ordered the salmon. The dish was soo huge and the piece of fish was gigantic, so big I took only a few bites and I was done!! I should of shared with someone which was downfall. If you want to eat here, you should have a really big appetite !!
4	Simply amazing I'd say.  It is every bit tasty and delicious just like Cheesecake but the prices aren't as high.  After a good night clubbing and walking down the strip for a late night bite, coming to Grand Lux is exactly the place to be.  Although the wait can be long especially for the late night crowd, this place gets pack so be ready for a long wait if you have a big party like ours.We couldn't decide on what to eat for the longest time but the server ended up deciding for us on a pasta w/ sundried tomatoes, mushrooms, chicken with some sort of alfredo sauce.  I have to admit that the first bite took me to the Pearly Gates and back. This is an unforgettable place and I'm glad the recommendation lived up to it's hype.  =)
4	Wow, this place way surpassed my expectations!  We were all tired after going out dancing and drinking, and just wanted somewhere to eat that was open late.  At that point, we were not being picky, but boy were we in for a surprise!  First of all, the menu has everything!  A huge selection, and definitely something for everyone.  Secondly, the most amazing part was the fresh bread.  It was SOOO good, one of the best breads that I have ever eaten.  In fact, I almost wanted to cancel my order just so I could stuff my face with it.  It was warm, chewy, crusty on the outside, with the butter melted... ahh!  I wish I had some now.  But on to the main food...I got a chicken sandwich, but the portion was humongous, and it was really good.  The fries were delicious too.  Everyone looked happy with their food, and the waiter was really nice.  I would definitely go back just for the bread.  Reasonable prices too, esp since you can share and still have some left to spare!
4	Grand Lux Cafe is probably the best 24 hr cafe on the strip.  It really is the only restaurant I look to when I'm up past midnight.  It's essentially The Cheesecake Factory since they have almost identical menus, and that's a good thing because I love CF's diverse menu.The last time I came here was at around 1:30am, and I needed a big meal to absorb the alcohol I had earlier.  I ended up ordering The Max Burger ($13), and I wish I had taken a pic of it because that burger was huge.  Angus beef, cheddar cheese, bacon, onions, mushrooms, and braised short ribs.  You know it's a serious burger when more meat is used as a condiment.  When the waiter brought it over, my jaw dropped.  It was so good, and I must've had a serious hole in my stomach because somehow I finished it.I would come here pretty much any time during the day, but this is definitely the place go when you've got the late night hunger pangs on the strip.  The menu is huge and affordable, plus the entree portions are very generous.
2	We wanted to go to Bouchon for brunch and got there about 10 minutes after they stopped seating.  We had about an hour and a half to eat and get back to the hotel for check-out, and this place had eggs on the menu (although it was the lunch menu).  It's owned by Cheesecake Factory, so if you want to know what to expect, then go to your local Cheesecake Factory and order your usual.  I found the eggs to be too greasy and J's sandwich was mediocre at best.  The waitress who took our order was impossible to track down, and we almost missed check-out because it took over 1/2 an hour to get our food (the table next to us ordered later and got their stuff on time).I guess the place is okay, the service not so much, but with so many other options, why go to a more pricey version of Cheesecake Factory?
5	What can I say, it's nice that this is within my hotel (Venetian) and that there are so many options to eat. I love the fact that the menu is very diversified and there are so many options. Whether it's the Asian Nachos, a hamburger and fries and more - this is such a great treat and I believe it's 24/7.
4	The portions are HUGE, so share something with your friends so that you have room for dessert. Definitely amazing service, amazing food and a must try when you visit Vegas! I forgot my hotel key and had to head back to MGM to grab it, so I went on Yelp from my Berry and checked out the other Yelper's reccos and I told my friends to order for me, asian nachos and caramel thai chicken. THANKS! YUM!
2	Disappointing that such a large chain would have such a limited gluten-free menu and the wait staff are uneducated about what gluten is.Enough said.
5	The Grand Lux Cafe is the better looking younger sister of The Cheesecake Factory.  And me and my friends LOVE IT!  Similar menu but they offer some different fare. The Asian Nachos are killer!!!   The Breakfast Sandwich is pretty good too... Matter of fact I can't think of anything I haven't enjoyed. Try it - you'll like it. They need to open one in San Diego - like now!
3	Me and my GF ate here late one night during our recent trip to Vegas in August. It's very convenient that the Venetian Lux is 24 hours, and it was located right next to the elevators to our room. We decided to share some appetizers for our late night snack. We ordered the Fried Calamari and the Lettuce wraps. I have eaten at Lux before and liked what I ordered the last time we were here but this time I was just kinda meh. The Lettuce wraps were just ok, the filling was a bit too salty. The fried calamari was ok, it also had shrimp in it, I thought it was decent but I know it didn't sit well with my GF. Within 30 minutes after we left, my GF had to make a deposit at the Wynn and it was not a cash deposit. We think it might have been the dipping sauce. Overall it was just ok, can't really complain too much as it's really convenient they are open 24 hours. I like their breakfast a lot better and will be back for that in the future.
5	Highly recommend the indochine chicken and shrimp. Was surprisingly good!Favorite lunch item on here is the spicy flatbread chicken sandwich. Very tasty.There are like 400 reviews for this place, just go, there's something for everyone here. For all you new yorkers, this is the cheesecake factory of Las Vegas, except for the cheesecake factory at Caesars :)
4	So this is Venetian's 24 hr restaurant and I really like this place. For one, there's always something for everyone. This is a sister restaurant to the cheesecake factory, so some of the menu items are the same. The decor looks almost exactly the same as the cheesecake restaurant as well. Very clean and quick service too. I always order the chicken pot pie. I always have to get this because it's really good! Lots of big chunks of chicken breast and veggies with a flaky pastry crust. There are also a variety of other things like pasta, burgers, salads, soups, sandwiches, etc. There's basically something for everyone. Portions here are huge, def. enough to share with someone. Service here is great...esp the waiters at night. We had came back here after a night of drinking and the waiter was very patient with us and we were able to get some food in our tummys! Just a warning though, the late night menu is not the same full menu that they serve during the day time. Still plenty of delicious choices!
5	My favorite 24 hr cafe...related to Cheesecake factory (notice the similarity in the look of the menu?)Yum: Veal Saltimbocca - Tender Veal, Fresh Sage, Proscuitto and Fontina Cheese Coated with Parmesan Breadcrumbs. Served with Pasta and Wine SauceChicken Pot Pie- omg, this is HUGE! It could feed 2-3 seriously with big chunks of chicken and veggies.Best on the menu: Mediterranean Mahi Mahi-Crusted Fresh Mahi with Roasted Tomato, Artichoke, Capers, Basil, Olive Oil and Balsamic Vinegar over mashed potatoes.Yuck: Asian nachos--wayyyy too sweet, I ate half a chip and fed the rest to A.Rib eye steak: A ordered it and well, its the quality of a cafe-if you want steak just pay and go to a steakhouse
4	This place has something for any craving.. and the best part is that it's open 24 hours!  :)  I've eaten here a few times and it's always a must visit when I am in vegas.  Things I've tried:The Max Burger: Certified Angus Beef Topped with Cheddar Cheese, Crisp Applewood Smoked Bacon, Sauteed Mushrooms, Onions and Roasted Short Ribs. Served with Fries. - This was a whole lotta burger!  I only got thru a 1/4 of my burger, next time I get this I plan to share it.Chopped salad - This was average. Pasta Carbonara - this was very good!  A nice serving too...Jamaican Pork tenderloin - DELICIOUS.  try this.I really think you will enjoy anything you have here.  Give it a try!
4	This place reminds me exactly of The Cheesecake Factory. In fact, I think they might be the same company. I believe this place is open 24 hours so you can come here anytime to satisfy your late night cravings. They have a huge menu, but it's heavy on the selection of pastas. I got the pasta carbonara if I remember correctly. It was good, but heavy on the cream, which might not have been the best idea, but I was too hungry to care at the time. The portions are huge and I could barely finish half. It was not that good the next day to say the least. The butter cream had solidified into a chunky rock-like state. I also tried the chicken and waffles, which was also good. The service here was very good as our waiter was helpful in suggesting my pasta plate. I guess it never hurts to be nice when your restaurant is located in a casino and you just hope you run into a lucky patron who is feeling generous. Unfortunately, I had just lost all my money a few moments earlier.
4	Do you LOVE noshing on summer noodle spring rolls and club sandwiches, while sipping white sangria and espresso martinis, at 3am on Thursday? Do you LOVE The Cheesecake Factory, but never get the opportunity to go? If so, then hit Up GLC at The Venetian when in Vegas.We needed to grab a late night meal after landing into McLarren post midnight. We were seated right away, excited by the extensive "Late Night" menu options, and enjoyed every bite and sip. Sorta pricey, but hey, it's VEGAS!
4	Good eats! They have quite the extensive menu so it's sure to full-fill whatever you're craving for whether it be breakfast, lunch, steak or what not. I'm a fan of their tuna ahi salad. Hugh portions and really fresh sashimi. They weren't cheap on the servings of tuna either so that's probably why they charge you $17 for it! Well worth it though given the serving size and the quality of the fish and also it being Vegas. I wasn't feeling too good that day so having a bowl of their creamy chicken soup was comforting. It's interesting how they brought it out. They didn't just bring me out a bowl with the soup in it like you would normally get, instead they brought me an empty bowl and pour the soup into my bowl from a little metal flask that kept the soup piping hot when it was served to me. Nice touch! The place was pretty packed when we went and our server was always attentive.
4	I enjoyed the food here.  The menu was pretty wide-ranging, although not quite as unique as I might hope.  The prices were reasonable (for Vegas) and the service was some of the best I experienced on my trip.Typical of Vegas, they served me way too much food and I couldn't even come close to finishing.  I also upgraded to a large beer, which was a mistake when I couldn't finish.  Oh well.This place is run by the same folks who run the Cheesecake Factory, and I the food was basically along the same lines.  The ambiance was fantastic tho; people watching at the Venetian is a wonderful way to spend an hour munching on pasta.
4	I think this four stars is for food, and not for service. I am an absolute fan of Grand Luxe Cafe when it comes to food because they're DELICIOUS and the plates are huge! They have good opening hours and it's a nice casual cafe to kick back and relax after a day of activities, gambling, drinking or an all nighter ... However, because this is in the prime spot of Las Vegas i.e. Venetian and it's right by the entrance and one of the only cafes in Venetian serving this type of food, this place gets extremely packed, extremely fast! I came here for lunch at 11 am and it was already overly bustling with people, waiters and plates and forks everywhere. They have the hugest most extensive menu of any cafe I've seen yet and all of it comes out looking delicious and tastes so as well.I had a chance to have a go at their breakfast menu and it's great, they do serve some breakfast items all day but also have a specialty breakfast portion until 11 am. Great place to stop by for some variety in Vegas that's casual and comforting aside from the terrible service.
3	Nice atmosphere but I think the food is overpriced. It's a nice restaurant for a group though
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. While it is a chain, it is quite good. The food was excellent. Breakfast (a great omelet), lunch (soup and sandwich combo), dinner (asian noodles), and late night  (one of the best hamburgers ever). The service is also very good. Be warned that the portions are giant, but this adds to the economy of the place: if you share, it's even cheaper. Desserts are also excellent.
2	We came here for a quick bit.  I was not impressed at all.  The food was fancy American fare, but was only ok.  The drinks were off.  The menu was big, maybe there are just too many items for them to be good at something. It was an ok dinner, but I just don't think why I would come back.  It was not cheap also.
1	I stayed at the Venetian and had brunch here one morning- the service was terrible (Sally has got to be the worse server in the city), as for the food? It was nothing special, in fact I gave my toast to NHL to use as hockey pucks because I certainly couldn't eat it.
4	My friends and I visited Grand Lux twice during our weekend trip to Vegas because we were staying at the Palazzo. Funny, because we would never think to go to the LA location. But my experience here may have changed my mind. Both times we were lucky enough to be able to dine 'al fresco' - meaning a gorgeous view of the casino. But hey it still felt cool!The first trip was a woozy breakfast after our first night out. We shared a bruschetta style breakfast dish and a couple of other egg dishes. I love that they serve real hash browns instead of home fries - so much more satisfying! The service was awesome, a cute little Asian man (I can say that because I'm Asian and he reminded me of my dad) who was totally attentive and fine with bringing us extra place settings and plates so that we could share. The second trip was late at night after a trip to XS. This was an entirely different kind of meal, a ravenously hungry, get me some comfort food now before I fall asleep at the table kind of meal. One of my friends actually may have nodded off while waiting for our food. Again, we shared, this time the zen noodles, a yummy asian noodle soup with a lemongrass broth, and the pasta carbonara, THE BEST pasta carbonara I have ever had. The service again was commendable, considering it was about 2 in the morning and the place was filled with obnoxious patrons. The waiter was super nice and even reassured us when a loud alarm went off in the casino and we got nervous. Perhaps my two favorite meals of the trip - a pleasant surprise!
4	Great food.  Huge variety. Open 24/7. Generally good service...  But can be slow at times.  Will eat there every time I'm in Vegas and at the Venetian...  Which is a little more often than I should.  ;)
4	Looking for a place to grab a bite in the Hotel, and this place looked like it could handle the party of six (6) without much trouble. They have a huge menu, just like the Cheesecake Factory, tons of stuff to order. The other five (5) ordered these spicy bloody marys, man they tasted great. Hot and peppery, with pickled asparagus on top. After taking a taste of the g/f's (can't use her name) (actually don't know why I can't) I wished I had ordered one too. But I went with the old standby, ice tea, boring but thirst quenching. Two in the party went for the breakfast sandwich, it was stuffed with ham,bacon,scrambled eggs, cheese on thick cut toasted bread. They devoured them like finger food. I had the Manhattan salad with shrimp and chicken. It looked better then it tasted. I'm not sure what it was missing but I wouldn't order it again. Service was good, food was hot and fresh, and they refilled my ice tea several times without asking for it. That's always a plus for me, I love to get bloated on ice tea while I eat.
4	Yum yum yum!We wanted to eat dinner and we were at the Venetian after going to Tao beach.The security guards said that there was something for everyone here and it was great food!I love the cheesecake factory and I love this place.  The chicken Madeira  was HUGE and delicious.  A wonderful experience.  The service did take a long time though.  Everyone had more than enough food and it was definitely worth the price, you pay for the quality of the food and you definitely get what you pay for.
3	Went here for the first time during Labor Day Weekend. Portions are huge! I got the flatbread with salad. YUMM, hit the spot after a drunken Friday night. I wish I had room for the cheesecake. Definitely going to be on my list to go here for food when I go back to Vegas for Halloween.
4	I've been traveling to LV with the same group of guys a couple times each year for the last 10 years or so. The last five we almost always stay at the Venetian and the Grand Lux Cafe has become our favorite place to eat.Mind you, we in no way ignore all the great steak house near the strip or in downtown, but for some reason we love this place. On one 3-day trip, we ate their six times. One day, we ate every meal there!What amkes this place so great? Its variety and the quality of the food. But there's a clincher for us. We always choose to dine in the patio area that overlooks the pathway between the casino and the elevators to the rooms and the stairways from the ballrooms because all the pretty gals in their evening dresses walk by past us. Good food, good friends and lovely ladies. What else could you ask for?!Regarding the food, GLC makes great burgers, awesome pasta and delicious NY cheesecake. One of my friends loves the jambalaya and another likes the orange chicken. Breakfasts are good as well, and their salads are tasty and bountiful. The iced teas are enormous. They taste unlike any other iced tea I've had and at first I didn't like them, but they've grown on me.The staff is always friendly and obviously have eaten all the dishes because they never lack for enthusiastic recommendations when we ask.The portions are quite large, maybe not Claim Jumpers huge, but still big enough to illicit groans from some in our group that they need to go up to the room and lie down. It's also a good thing the restrooms are directly across from the the restaurant. If you need to make room for desert you can just hop the fence and be back right as it's being served.If you ever stay at the Venetian give Grand Lux a try. Sometimes the lines are long, but they move pretty quickly. Sit in the patio, relax and enjoy the scenery.
5	Thank you Yelpers for this culinary treat in the middle of the night!  I didn't even know this place is a sister restaurant of the "cheesecake factory" chain.  If cheesecake factory tasted this good, I'd go more often.My fiance and I went exactly at Friday 12:01am.Pros:  A sign of a healthy and good restaurant are full tables even at midnight.  After getting of the plane starving for something good, my fiance told me Yelpers recommend this place.  We were staying at the Treasure Island and this restaurant was located inside the Venetian across the street.I loved our waiter Abraham.  He made us feel welcome, recommended some great dishes for us to try, and even went in the back to ask the chef the secret to preparing those wonderful mashed potatoes spring rolls! (I'm not imparting the secret, you'll just have to go ask the restaurant yourselves).We tried the aforementioned mashed potatoes spring rolls, their flautas, and an order of their prime rib sloppy joes.Everything was delicious!  I was all rejuvenated and ready to go back out there and gamble some more!Cons:  So many choices, such a small stomach.  I couldn't have thought of anything wrong with the meal.Bottom line: Next time I go back to Vegas and am craving a midnight meal, I'll so go back to the Grand Lux!
2	Came for lunch and was unimpressed. Looked nice at first, until it took half an hour for any food to arrive. Strongly disapprove of the pricing too - $5.95 for a little wine glass of orange juice? Why don't you just go club a baby seal while you're at it. I got the lunch salmon - grilled salmon served on a bed of mashed potatoes surrounded by some sad looking string beans. Not much to get excited about - everything was average except for price and how long it took to cook.
4	Grand Lux Cafe is an upscale Cheesecake Factory. They are owned by the same company so the two restaurants are very similar. Their food is pretty standard, decent quality but nothing amazing. They have huge portions for the prices that they charge, and the service is decent too. Grand Lux was convenient and right inside our hotel, so we went twice. I had an omelet with a side of hash browns that was pretty good and then we went back after clubbing for zen noodles. Chicken broth with rice noodles after a night of drinking? It's not pho but it will have to do. Yummy!
5	A large menu and great to eat at with a group since it offers something for everyone. The Sunday Night Pasta is great!  We had the buffet breakfast and found it to be a reasonable price compared to the other buffets that cost more and offer way too much food. It is open late which is a plus.  We looked all over the Wynn and Encore for someplace to eat and nothing was open late.
4	Note: This review is based on some very hazy memories of incidents that occurred at around 2:00 AM.It was a bit pricey, sure, but the silverware was quite professionally bound in a white linen napkin. Mmm. Linen. I also remember the clear glass plates. How awesome is that? Who uses glass plates these days...apparently only the cool kids at the G-Lux. I had one of Hannah W.'s fries. It was utterly perfect, dipped in cold red ketchup. Expect nothing but the freshest, purest ingredients when you first taste the banana creme pie, as well as the two flavors of creme brulee.It was really dark in there, for some reason. It made me sleepy. But we had also arrived just in time to beat the clubbing crowds who were hunting for a last-minute snack. I love it when that happens.
4	When you're hungry at 4am and you don't want to roll over to In N Out or Fatburger (good luck getting a cab back if you do), Grand Lux Cafe has got it all.Even in the middle of the night/morning, the place still bangs out appetizing late night food (at a Vegas price, of course).  Taquitos, Fries, Potstickers, all good.The only thing missing from the late night menu are the Asian Nachos.  They're a must-try, not because they are tasty, but because where the hell else are you going to get "asian" nachos?
5	Open 24 hours a day, gigantic portion sizes, and a relaxed atmosphere...Grand Lux Cafe was the perfect late-night place to go after dancing!  Since we were staying at the Venetian, we stumbled upon this place all three nights we were there and it never let us down.  We were seated right away, the waitstaff was very attentive, and the place always had a pretty good crowd no matter what the time.  The menu is huge (and again, seriously, the portions are too), but we managed to navigate some delicious food...calamari, pizza, and potato spring rolls were among some of our favorites!  This place is a must for anyone looking for a late-night snack.  I'll definitely be back...
4	Since we were staying at the Venetian, this cafe was convenient for a late night meal after doing some serious gambling.I am somewhat torn on a rating though so I have actually averaged the food and the service.We ate there three times during our stay. The food was always top notch. I had the Lux Breakfast Sandwich twice and a burger once. I have to give the food 5 stars.The service on the other hand was poor, 2 out of 3 times. The first night we had a female server who was prompt, courteous and kept reappearing to fill up my water glass. The other 2 times, the male servers would disappear for long stretches. I had to repeatedly ask for more water and once they refilled my glass but not my wife's.I would eat here again if I was staying at the Venetian but wouldn't make a special trip since the service is lacking.
5	5 stars- Open 24 hours- Nice cafe, looked more like a 5 star restaurant! - Prices were reasonable for the quality of food, many under $15- Fresh baked pecan chocolate chip cookies a dozen for $6.95- The duck potstickers are off the chain! In other words, they are YUMMY. I'd eat this for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and as a midnight snack lol.- It was 4 am in the morning, we had a party of 8, and we had one waitress whom provided exceptional service. Do not eat here without ordering the duck potstickers!
4	what can i say other than it was great.ok, it's a chain, but the food is really good.crisp service.  good pricesi had the sinapore chicken/shrimp.  it was great.my friends had the fish and chips and the chicken parm, both loved it too.it's my second time at grand lux and i'll be back.  two thumbs up.
4	Located @ The Venetian Hotel so it's convenient for hotel guests, casino patrons, party peeps to satisfy early morning, lunch, dinner, late night munchies. Yes, open 24 hours. My friends and I ate here for an early lunch (about 11am) & late night after clubbing @ Tao. Wait time was not too long prob. about 5 minute wait. The service is just ok. Seriously...too...slow... The company that owns GLC owns The Cheesecake Factory. Good food, nothing too special. Huge portions, Vegas priced though. I ordered a breakfast plate for lunch with hasbrowns, egg & bacon. I didn't even finish the whole thing. Just your basic breakfast food. For late night, I wasn't too hungry and just ordered a slice of Red Velvet Cake. :) The slice is about 2 average slices combined. It was good red velvet but I had better. :)
4	Joe's Special doesn't get better than at Grand Lux Cafe.  Or the Crab Louie salad, hold the scallions, with olive oil and vinegar on the side. Or the egg white omelette with olives, tomatoes, and onions cooked in a dry pan.You get my drift - Grand Lux Cafe (from the people that brought you the Cheesecake Factory) will do it your way and in family sized fashion.Now that I think about it, of all the times we've been there I've never made it to dessert.
4	love the fact that it's open 24 hours - great food, large portions at a decent price.
3	Stayed at the Palazzo over the weekend, so the Grand Lux was a decent spot for a late night meal/early breakfast.  I sampled the breakfast sandwich.  It was quite tasty, as were the hash browns.  Scrambled eggs, bacon, ham, tomato, cheese and dab of mayo.The server was attentive but not on a first name basis with my group.  What I mean is, when drink levels got low, he came by with a new one.  Everyone seemed to enjoy their meal.  I tried a bit of the Lentil soup, it was just right.This is a chain so, it would be impossible for this place to receive anything higher than 3 stars.  If you're staying at the Venetian or Palazzo and you've just left Tao or Lavo, then this is the place to exorcise your demons.Fresh to def...
4	Reading some fellow Yelp reviews I persuaded myself to check out the Grand Lux Cafe since I was visiting Las Vegas for a week and staying at the Venetian. I ended up coming here for food time and time again. I drive past the location at the Beverly Center all the time and never once thought about going to eat here. Well, I dove in and was pleasantly shocked. The food was all delicious from the appetizers and full meals I ordered along with all my guests. We loved it so much we came back twice more during the week. The place is open 24 hours, always has cute hostess (no servers I found), has reasonable prices for Vegas Casino inflation, and has huge portions. The bread they bring your table isn't shabby either and one thing is guaranteed that you will walk out of here feeling like you just tackled every item at a Vegas Buffet. The concept here is to put you on the brink of a food coma so you plant yourself at a roulette game after eating and you just play for hours because you cannot move. The only thing that stopped this place from going 5 star is the slow service. The place is always busy so if your in a hurry to dine then steer somewhere else. If you have a minute to kick back and recycle some energy then this is your place.
4	The Grand Lux Cafe was very good.  I am not usually a big fan of eating, because the food is just too hit or miss.  NOT HERE!  PUT THIS ON YOUR LIST.  I ordered the Top Sirloin and Shrimp combo plate and the steak was cooked perfectly.  This was one of the best dining out steaks that I have had in a long time.  Everything on the plate was prepared very well.  If you are visiting Vegas and want a good place to eat, this place is one to add to the list.
2	Food is OK. Nothing special. It's super greasy, tho. If you wanna gain extra lbs., this is the place to go. Server - they gave me a headache. I asked him to wait for 15 min to bring  the desert that I was ordering - but he brought it right away, like in 1 minute. You know why? It was right around time for him to leave - and he just wanted to get tipped before he leaves - He even complained about it to me- don't do that to me, man. Talk to your manager.  Also, it isn't that great to see servers counting tips in front of customers. Ha ha.
4	Open 24 hours in the Venetian.Good food for a 24 hour joint.  Better than I expected.  Wouldn't even give a second thought to eating here again.
5	We decided to eat here after we ate dinner at Woo's and left hungry.  This place is very reasonably priced and the staff was very friendly.  Open 24 hours and perfect if you are staying in the Palazzo hotel.  We also ordered food to go and brought up to our hotel room.  The guy that helped us made sure we had everything we needed so we wouldn't have to come back down from the room.
5	I love the Grand Lux at the Venetian. I've been coming here for years when I visit Vegas and the restaurant has remained consistent. Great food that's creative and you can enjoy that meal in a very impressively styled dining room. It can tend to be loud at peak times, but it isn't enough of a con for me to even consider knocking a star off. The menu is massive and can make it difficult to make a decision. Their shrimp scampi is my Dad's favorite meal of all time. I enjoy their pizzas, and the grand lux burger melt is hard to beat.
4	I don't usually eat a big greasy meal before hitting the clubs but on this night it was necessary.  I ordered the fried calamari.  It came with a couple of different dipping sauces, some fried zucchini and shrimp.  I had a bite of the carrot cake that someone ordered.  It was very rich but yummy, a bite was all I could muster after eating my calamari.  Our food came out pretty quickly and Wes our server was a sweetheart.  No complaints here.
3	Dude, I fell into the bizzaro beignet trap...AGAIN! (Reference my past review on Boulette's Larder, Ferry Building, SF)The Grand Lux Cafe offers piping hot beignets on their breakfast menu - they emphasize that it takes 10 extra minutes to arrive because they are made to order.  So of course like a damn sucker, I fall for it and order up.Do I get the delicious doughy pillows covered in powdered sugar - reminiscent of the delights of the Cafe Du Monde in New Orleans?  Hell naw!  The server brought out these round poofs filled with eggy mush and covered in cinnamon sugar.  WTF?!Sigh, at least the eggs florentine w/ crispy shredded hash browns were delicious, and the service was good.  Otherwise this would have been a travesty.
5	Yes, Grand Lux is a chain, but with food and libations like this, who cares?!?  We started with cocktails.  The Carmel Apple Martini is KILLER.  Now that they no longer offer their White Cosmo, this one is my favorite.  Two of my dining companions had Bloody Marys that were made just right -- spicy but not too.  One had a frozen Margarita that was well made and not overly sweet.We stuck with appetizers on this trip, and the best of all were the crab cakes.  No doubt the best I've had with lumps of crab in a well seasoned mixture lightly grilled.  We ordered the appetizer combo and enjoyed the following:Vietnames Spring Rolls with chicken and fresh cut veggies in a steamed, cold wrap served with peanut sauce or spicy sweet and sour sauce.  Philli Cheese Steak spring rolls with diced steak and cheese in an eggroll wrappper fried and served with chipotle mayonaise.  Also eggroll style was the buffalo chicken served with the absolute best bleu cheese dressing I've ever had.  My husband's favorite were the steamed duck dumplings.  The Spinach Artichoke dip was creamy with plenty of artichoke. For dessert I had to revert to my all time favorite creme brulee duo - one vanilla and one chocolate.  Best ever!It was 11:30 on a weekday.  Seating was immediate and service was outstanding.
4	I wanted some casual dining places options on my trip to Vegas and my girlfriend had been here and liked it. After having read some raving reviews...I figured this would be a good choice.Hm..I have to say, I was really overwhelmed with the menu. Where to start? What to choose? There's breakfast food, sandwiches & burgers, and even "comfort food." It was so hard to choose from...I went with the half sandwich, soup, salad combo and it was a great deal for $10!I'll def make a pit stop here when my tummy's growling on the strip. Affordable casual foods at super great prices =) Also...open 24 hours! Theres nothing like this opened 24 hours at Wynn/Encore..so just walk on over to Grand Lux in the Venetian!
4	I've eaten here twice and loved it both times. It's a very nice and cozy place to eat at when you don't want to spend too much money but still want to eat some decent food. They have very great variety. The menu is pretty overwhelming because they pretty much have every food possible (that's American that is). The first time I came here was for after hours food, and tried some of their desserts. The strawberry shortcake was amazing =) My friend also ordered the sloppy joe, which was pretty good too. I'm a huge fan of dessert though and I think this place definitely has pretty yummy desserts.The second time I came for lunch and just had their grand lux burger sandwich and frieds. It was a pretty filling meal and tasted pretty good. I was craving a burger at the moment so it was awesome to me.Personally, I'm a huge fan of the Venetian because I love the whole Venice architecture of the hotel, and the cafe definitely lived up to that feel too. Open 24hrs, cozy place, nice ambiance, good food, and decent pricing...I'd definitely want to come back here everytime I go back to Vegas again =)
3	SERVICE: 1/5.  Some of the worst service I've ever had, and it's such a shame because I would have given this place a great review.  Our server took forever to get us our food (despite the fact that it was 2am and the tables were mostly empty... he could have at least come to us to apologize), he didn't once stop by to check on how our meal was going, and we sat there for 15 or 20 minutes with empty plates before he brought our check.  In fact, he only brought the check because my boyfriend yelled and got his attention.  THEN, it took a while for him to bring us the check and return credit cards.  We were all pretty irritated.VARIETY: 5/5.  Lots of late-night options, which we appreciated.  Everything from burgers to omelets to desserts.FLAVOR: 4/5.  Pretty good.  I enjoyed my winter vegetable soup, the beignets were deliciously fluffy (though I thought the sauces were unnaturally sugary and preservative-laden), and the burger was flavorful and well-cooked.VALUE: 4/5.  Considering it's Vegas, not too bad.  My soup was around $5, burger around $13.It's a good thing I waited 2 days to cool off before writing this review... I had originally been considering giving it 1 star!  But in retrospect, the food really was pretty good.So if you're ready to face the prospect of unapologetically slow service, I'd recommend coming here.
1	By leaps and bounds this was the worst experience of my 5 days in Vegas. I consider myself a somewhat optimistic person, but I am at a complete loss for positive things to say about this place. I went here at brunch/lunch time to grab a quick bite before heading back to a conference, and I now wish I would've made the walk to McDonalds so I would've had some quality food and service - you heard right, McDs is quality compared to this junk.My friends both ordered omelettes and I went with a chicken sandwich that involved avocados. The food wouldn't have even been all that bad if they wouldn't have... A) taken 25 minutes to deliver the goods, B) forgotten to tell us that they messed up our order and needed a few extra minutes, C) neglected to explain their mistake, D) placed my food under the warmer so that my bun became burnt and my lettuce an ever-appetizing wilty black, E) neglected to say one more word to us the entire meal - not even thank you.Sometimes a restaurant delivers crappy food but the service makes up for the mistakes, and sometimes a black hole emerges in the kitchen and maliciously sucks in every hint of good service and humanity of the entire staff. I probably should have expected all of this knowing that the restaurant the bastard child of Cheesecake Factory, but that damned blind optimism got the best of me. Spend the extra cash and go somewhere else, or go to the food court and get a respectable panini, or just don't eat and get a martini instead - any option is a step in the right direction as long as it is a step away from Grand Lux.Also, a side note - there was something like 200 items to order from on this menu, meaning that I can rest assured that the entrees have been frozen longer than Ted Williams, yum yum.
5	best. drunk. food. EVER!!! it's right next to tao and its open really late which is perfect if you're hungry after sweating off all the alcohol you've consumed during the night. i've been here twice and never had to wait...but then again it was like at 2 or 3. BUT, there were still a ton of people there. i got the chicken and waffles...which was heavenly. i shared it with my friend and still had some to take home, so the portions are definitely huge. I also had some of my friend's chicken flautas...MAAAAAAAAAN with the green sauce. SOOOO GOOD!! we took that home too. to me, grand lux cafe is like a less classier cheesecake factory. its a lot cheaper, but the food is still just as good in terms of quality and taste. and our server was so nice. I can't imagine having to serve a bunch of drunk annoying asses all night. if you're gonna eat unhealthy after a long night of drinks, might as well come here and pay a few extra dollars and have the most orgasmic drunk food ever, rather than go to mcdonalds or some other fast food place, just saying!
4	This is merely a glorified Cheesecake Factory, but more pretentious. The food was of course good, but it was pretty much the same thing you can get at any mall that has a Cheesecake Factory, including the bellini and the strawberry shortcake. If you are on vacation, I'd suggest going somewhere a little more unique.
4	Its just like cheesecake factory and its so convenient when you're hungry in the middle of the night.
4	Extra star just for being open 24 hours.  At 1 am, there aren't too many better places to eat at.
4	So after a journey around the Venetian, the girls settled for Grand lux Cafe because it's like a sibling of the Cheesecake Factory. I ordered the parmesan chicken and shrimp scampi combination platter. It was yummy and it filled me up. Our waitress forgot to bring a coca cola and my hot tea so she did not charge us for it. Really sweet .. Along with quick and excellent service.
4	Talk about a burger! Order the Grand lux burger and it was so big that you need 2 people to finish it.  Everything we ordered at our table was pretty good overall.  The food was great and they gave large portions too.  Definitely one of the best cafes in Las Vegas for a quick bite.
4	One of my fav non-fancy schmancy places to eat is the Grand Lux Cafe. The menu is similar to the Cheesecake Factory but better. They have everything I love for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  During our very first visit, I got the Spare Ribs Grilled Cheese Sandwich and my husband got the Spare Ribs Sloppy Joe.  We also shared New Orleans Beignets which were also delish. It came with 3 different sauces and my fav was the vanilla.  I forgot what the prices were but they were similar to what you would see at the Cheesecake Factory.
4	Yeah, I know it's just an upscale Cheesecake Factory but it's a hell of a lot better food and service. My friends and I arrived here at about midnight and the place was still pretty packed. We were seated right away in a booth in the corner of their main dining room and it was perfect for us. Our server Javier was perfect in every way. He knew the menu and helped us along with our choices. He was always polite and made sure that everything was taken care of, he was very sociable and made us feel comfortable the whole night.We ordered the Sunday Night Pasta, Chicken Pot Pie and I had the Chicken and Waffles. The pasta was OK, the pot pie was pretty standard and the Chicken and Waffles are not what you expect. It's actually boneless breaded chicken not your usual chicken wings. It was actually tender and juicy and flavorful. The waffles were absolutely perfect but the best thing was my Vanilla Honey Latte it is quite possible the best latte I've ever had!One things for sure, I'll be back for some more!
3	Pretty sure that we ate here after wandering out of a club at around 5am, it took many helpful security guards and random employees to guide us to food (as all we asked was "where's food?" then insisted on taking pics with everyone who helped us.)  The Baja omelet was exactly what I needed at that point, filled with avocado, green peppers etc.  My friends food all seemed to be pretty tasty as well (tasted the Pasta Telephono which was excellent to my drunken taste buds).  The food was all decent but I can't gauge fairly as I was not quite in a discerning mood, the service was a tad slow and forgot a few things but nothing unforgivable.
5	On my first visit to the Grand Lux Cafe during a stay at the Venetian many years ago, we walked in expecting an entirely new experience. The ambiance and menu looked and felt strangely familiar until I saw the Carribean Skirt Steak, and instantly I figured the connection. If Cheesecake Factory had an older sibling, GLC would be it. The menu items are different, but nevertheless it possesses the great quality of CF, and although the experience is not "entirely" new, it is an absolutely enjoyable variation... I love it.GLC feels like it is a step higher than CF, or perhaps it's just the Venetian. So, if you like Cheesecake Factory, there is little doubt that you will love Grand Lux Cafe.
5	Love the one in Los Angeles and LOVE this one too. Our waiter went out of his way to complete what I ordered which was not on the menu. Seared Ahi tuni steak in a lemon butter sauce. It was amazing and made perfectly. We brought some new friends with us and they loved it too. Never disappoints. Love the buffalo chicken rolls, potato spring rolls. crispy ahi rolls and the Grand Lux Melt Burger :) Its all sooooo good !! PICK THIS LOCATION NOT THE PALAZZO LOCATION
4	Big portions like Cheesecake Factory in Cali but tastier and more Vegasy since it's in... Vegas.
5	This place is basically the Cheesecake factory...in Vegas! (Which makes a lot of sense since it's owned by the same people as noted on the menu).But, don't be sad that it's a chain...because it's pretty dang good and quite a value for a Vegas casino!---FOOD---This place has a HUGE variety of options on the menu. Here's what we got: 1) Ahi Tuna Burger, $15ish- It was HUGE!!! The tuna was seared perfectly well and coated in a spicy grounded pepper mix that paired really well with the aioli they served. My favorite touch to this burger was the thick whole-grilled red onion slice. The burger also comes with fries, but you can opt. for a different side: I opted for the steamed brocolli that is NOT slathered in butter (thank goodness) -- they steam whole heads of brocolli for you. How unique. Ha. 2) Polynesian Salad, $14ish- VERY huge and fresh tasting. Sweet, tangy sauce over greens with chicken slices and lots of other excitement I can't recall..- Loved how they top the salad off with whole pieces of fried wonton instead of mixing in bits and pieces into the salad. It's great because it gives u the option of NOT eating the friedness (cuz...u know...it would be healthier that way) and makes the presentation look cooler simultaneously!3) Sunday Night Pasta, $17ish- VERY VERY huge! Meaty! Very savory! My friend could only eat 1/3! =P4) CREME BRULEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, $7.50ish -- GET THIS!!!- For this price, you get TWO huge servings of a vanilla and chocolate delicacy with a waloop of whipped cream that easily satisfied 3 people!!! SO GOOD!!!!---SERVICE---Friendly, attentive, efficient. We didn't have to wait at all for a seat (Friday night, too!). ---AMBIANCE---The place is huge! And the decor is pretty much...Cheesecake factory. I love how it's so casual, yet still elicits an elegant feeling. ---VALUE---For a restaurant in the middle of one of Vegas' most popular casinos, it's definitely a winner!
5	This is the spot. The Grand Lux is the Cheesecake Factory of Vegas, except, it's better. A lot of things on the menu are actually cheaper than Cheesecake factory, the food is better here at the Grand Lux.When I was staying at the Palazzo I had 2 meals there and a very late, late night snack. It was like 3 something in the morning, my brother had won some money so cheesecake was on him (w00000t). If you're in Vegas and sick of Terrible's and buffet food, and want a good quality, not so expensive breakfast/lunch/dinner/late night snack, hit up the Grand Lux.
2	So I'm updating my review and subtracting a few stars.  =(  Sad.This review is actually for the Grand Lux Cafe on the side where you order togo.  This was my first time ordering togo at Grand Lux so I was surprised to see a few really cheap items on the menu.  Chicken or tuna salad sandwiches were only about $6!  I ordered a tuna salad sandwich and a Caesar Salad for $4.95 and instantly received my food because they were both premade.-Tuna Salad Sandwich: just your regular bread with lettuce and tomato, stuffed with tuna salad that was below average.  I've had premade tuna salad sandwiches on campus at UCSD and they were a lot better.-Caesar Salad: crunchy lettuce is a plus!  But the ranch looked grainy and tasted spicy!  Wat the eff?Please up the service and quality of food, Grand Lux.  Or else you don't deserve to be serving Venetian customers!
4	Pasta Fresca YUMHouse Salad YUMSloppy Joe YUMRasberry Iced Tea (too sweet)The food is pretty good here! I ended up going twice in one weekend, so that means something. The first time I went, the service was excellent, the second time, not so much.  Both times that I went, there was a 1-3 minute wait. I would definitely go back.
5	Good stuff at the Grand Lux!A group of us, maybe a dozen or so, ended up here for lunch the other day, and it was great! I had the BBQ Pork Sandwich and it was amazing! Could have come with a few more fries, but no complaints. Food came pretty fast, and we were able to relax and enjoy our meal and chat.
4	$100 got 2 people a great bottle of wine, a delicious meal (with very fresh ahi tuna), friendly & attentive service, and a nice setting.  It's surprisingly nice for being just off of the gaming floor, and the food delivers.
4	I read about the Grand Lux on Yelp so I was eager to try it  soon as a I got to Las Vegas. When my sister and I got to the restaurant we were seated right away which is always nice. As everyone knows the restaurant is very similar to the Cheesecake Factory so I had somewhat of an idea of what might be on the menu. For the drink I got the peach bellini - loved it!  I ordered the chicken and waffle, which I was somewhat hesistant about at first since I read on Yelp it's not actual chicken wings, but chicken tenders. Luckily my food was great! The waffle was just how I love it, thick, crispy and sweet - as a bonus the waffle was topped with pecans and powdered sugar. The chicken was crispy and delicious, although it could have had a tad more seasoning. My sister got the pulled pork sandwich which she liked; it tasted very similar to the pulled pork sandwich at Cheesecake. Overall the food was great and I will go back on my next trip to Las Vegas.
4	I've eaten at the Grand Lux Cafe at the Venetian for lunch on my past two trips to Vegas.  It's the perfect lunch spot!  Prices are reasonable and portions are really big!  It's owned by Cheesecake Factory so it gives you an idea of what to expect on the menu - tons of choices (minus the cheesecake).Breakfast is offered until 11:00am but there is a separate breakfast menu if you want to order breakfast after 11:00am (limited menu).  I never realized how big the restaurant actually is and it seems very popular so it can get tough to get your server's attention.  It took forever and a day for us to get our bread and other requests.  The bread is REALLY fresh and yummy but it's served with hard butter (sigh) so I forgoed the butter.For this past visit I tried the Santa Barbara Chicken Sandwich (grilled chicken breast, bacon, avocado, cheese, lettuce and tomato) with fries on the side.  Both the sandwich and the fries were delicious!  Generous portion of fresh avocado.I'd come back. =)
4	Nice breakfast good food and service they even have a little breakfast buffet i also like dinner here too all around a good place to eat!
3	It's owned by the Cheesecake Factory and it's open all the time.  It's a perfectly fine place.  If you want haute cuisine, you should know better than to patronize here.  But for a decent meal, it's just fine.My absolute favorite thing at Grand Lux is the mini hot dogs with kobe beef chili.  The buns are divine, chili is excellent, and a fabulous mustard comes on the side.  It's the perfect drunk food.
4	This place was brought to my attention by my coworkers. I will have to say that I am very glad I joined them. The atmosphere is great and there are about a million options to choose from on the menu. I tend to think the larger the menu, the lower the consistency and quality of food. I proved my self wrong here. The strawberry lemonade was very refreshing, but it is also VERY sweet. I then moved on to the duck pot stickers and finished with the seafood salad. The portions are huge and the price is good. If you want an reasonably priced alternative and don't want to leave the Palazzo then this is a good bet!
4	We ate the Grand Lux Cafe on two separate days.  One was before clubbing and the second was after clubbing.  There are too many options on the menu that you would have to ask the waiter to give you extra time to choose which one will satisfy your appetite.I had a plate combination of shrimp scampi and sirloin steak for dinner.  The scampi was really good that I intend to try and make it at home.  I requested for my sirloin to be medium rare. I wished it was redder.  I probably should have  asked for rare. But it was just sirloin so I guest that was okay.  If it was ribeye or filet, I'd throw a fit!  Price is reasonable.  I don't quite remember what happened when he we had breakfast here, which was after clubbing,  I  know I paid my bill though...haha. Reserving a table before coming to the restaurant would be best.
1	Grand Lux Cafe is the only thing wrong happening at the Palazzo/Venetian. If I wanted to eat at this kind of place I would be hanging out at a Lakewood strip mall, debating Chili's or TGIF's. The menu is huge and they can do that because just like Chili's, or Friday's or any of your other dime a dozen national franchise restaurants nothing is really that fresh except for maybe the salads. All the sauces and seasonings came out of a bottle shipped from their main plant in Kentucky or somewhere else absolutely no wear near the kitchen that prepped your meal. As if that kind generic nastiness isn't shameful enough on the strip, myself and several friends, on completely separate occasions have gotten sick after eating here. So many Vegas trips, so many hangovers, and nothing has ever compared to waking up the morning after a late night meal at Grand Lux. I've only had to drive home from Vegas one time, I'm always the passenger, like an older Asian woman, nobody trusts me to drive, except the morning after the night my bf/driver ate a Grand Lux sandwich. Luckily for me, I tasted the chemical yuck and only took a few bites causing low grade discomfort. He unfortunately is a guy and as such will eat almost anything served between two slices of bread. He suffered the consequences, he wasn't right for a good three days. I went to town eating all kinds of good stuff while he sat there watching regretting each and every bite of that rancid sandwich. If you think I'm just hating on Grand Lux I dare you to just buy a sandwich and take it back to your room and eat it. As soon as that Styrofoam container hits your room, everything clean and hotel nice smelling about your room will dissipate; instead it will smell like somebodies armpit. Dare to leave that thing in your room over night and it will evolve into armpit mixed with gym sock. AWFUL!
3	I'm giving this place three stars because of the service. And becuase it's by the Cheesecake Factory.We stopped in for an early dinner to get some food in our guts and water in our veins so I could start drinking. We ordered water from waiter David F. and he seemed to instantly peg us for poor people or something... Anyway, his attitude from that point was to ignore us throughout our entire meal. Waiter didn't serve us our food, and someone else refilled our waters. The place wasn't busy, so I don't know where he was the whole time. I ordered the Grand Lux Burger Melt which was awesome. It was a spin on a regular patty melt, but was on parmesan bread instead of rye and had lots of melty cheddar. It was delicious. My man ordered the spicy chcken on flat bread. It was ok, but not spicy at all and it didn't hold together well. Stll no waiter. Waiting. Getting pissed. Oh, here he is filling  our waters. Not looking at us, but instead scanning the rest of the place. What's he looking for? Someone to come pull up his sagging pants and comb ihis ridiculous hair? Gone again. Comes back with the check. No talking, just drops it on the table. Meanwhile, I'm looking with envy at another table that has a good, attentive waiter. I scratched out the tip section and was going to write a note telling him that if he wants tips he ought to engage his customers in small talk or at least be polite. I almost complained at the hostess desk, but thought better of it. In rerospect, I feel bad not leaving a note explaining why he didn't get a tip, because know he probably REALLY thinks I'm poor (which I'm not).
4	Yet another favorite place of mine when I'm in Vegas.  The Grand Lux cafe totally reminds me of the Cheescake factory.Decent food and service.  Defintely a good place to dine.I will be back the next time I'm in Vegas
3	Wait a minute...am I at the cheesecake factory?
3	I just noticed the previous review and felt inspired to inform: It's little known, but Grand Luxe Cafe actually started as a collaboration between the Venetian and the company that owns Cheesecake Factory, because at the time they were not allowed to open another CF on the Strip (this is what I've been reliably told). Ironically, Grand Luxe took off and became one of the most, if not THE most successful restaurants in the original Venetian--which is why there are now two. And there's a big Grand Luxe in LA as well. And probably more elsewhere. I haven't eaten here in a while, but I certainly believe this restaurant fulfills the phrase "it is what it is" better than anywhere.
4	I've gone to the Grand Lux Cafe in Palazzo and Venetian and had a good experience at both.  They are apparently in a few different states.  If this seems similar to Cheesecake its because it is!  Its part of it. The portions are HUGE.  You hardly ever have to wait for a table.  Its pretty casual yet the decor is very GRAND.  There are so many things on the menu that someone is bound to love something.  They are quick with service and its the go to spot if you want something better than the McDonalds, Chipotle and less expensive then the places in the hotels where you HAVE to make a reservation. You would never think such nice expensive hotels Venetian and Palazzo would have something like this but it does exist!  I'll come here ONLY after I've gone to the Buffet at least once during the trip. hahaOh PS the wait staff is super friendly.  The waitress is giving my friend a super hug. haha. So Vegas
4	Grand Lux is a crowd pleaser. There is something for everyone. Service is friendly. Food is good, everything from the buffalo chicken rolls to the wedge salad, to the chicken parm or schnitzel.
3	Did I miss something here?  I've been to the Grand Lux Cafe in Chicago along time ago, but I remembered that I absolutely loved it.  I have also never had a bad experience at the Cheesecake Factory.  I went to the Grand Lux twice during my stay at the Venetian.  The first time was for the breakfast where I got the breakfast buffet option.  The orange juice was really good and it tasted like it was freshly squeezed.  The fruit offered at the buffet line also tasted fresh and there were a decent selection.  The other buffet offering were pretty standard.  They offered hash browns, scrambled eggs, sausage, and bacon that was way too oily.  There was also an omelet station, but I did not get to have one made because the line was too long and I was hungry!  They also had an assortment of pastries, but I would have rather seen pancakes and waffles instead.  I was also disappointed to see that they did not have cottage cheese, which I thought was a breakfast buffet staple.  Everything cost $20 including tax and tip, but for that amount of money I would like to see more buffet options.The second time I went was for late night dining.  I started with the broccoli cheddar soup which was RUNNY and BLAND and did not come with crackers or bread until I requested it.  I got the chicken and waffles as my main dish.  The waffle itself was pretty good.  It had good crunchy texture and buttery taste.  The chicken was also decent, but I should point out that these were chicken tenders and not fried chicken with the bone.  It was served with a pecan maple syrup.  I've never had authentic chicken and waffles, but I have a feeling that the original would have been a lot better than GLC"s upscale version.
4	Quality 24/7 food in vegas. Pit stop, fill up, drink up, back at the strip!If you want good portion sizes, a meal thatll keep you full, and want to pass up on mickey Ds and Dennys, hit this place up.
5	WOW, huge portions. Like BIG! Bigger than my. . . . . .After Tao, best place to eat is at Grand Lux. Ordered the burger for $13, and the size was BAM! I ate the whole thing!The misses ordered a breakfast item and the portion were enough to feed 3. My favorite part while waiting for a table was "WHO DAT? WHO DAT? Who will beat them Saints? This was cheered by people waiting in line before the Superbowl. What a nice atmosphere.  I joined in and cheered also.
4	This was the last meal we ate in Vegas because we were sick of eating buffets by then. Didn't do any research on non-buffets so we came here at the recommendation of my aunt. Place was a little hard to find because the signs at the Venetion/Palazzo weren't too helpful. Even though the casino was packed there was no line when we went in so we were seated almost immediately. The waiter forgot to bring us bread so we didn't get any until after our main courses arrived. I ordered the Sunday night pasta, which is basically spaghetti but with steak and short ribs in it instead of ground beef. Don't get me wrong it was pretty good, but not really something I would pay $15 dollars for. You can't really tell the meat is better since the pasta sauce has a stronger taste. My dad's dish, on the other hand, was excellent. He ordered the slow roasted short ribs and they were fantastic, full of flavor, juicy, and tender. This place really deserves 3.5 stars but I guess I'll bump it to 4 since the decor is pretty nice.
5	Seriously...Is it sad that we ate here 3 times during a Vegas weekend.Vegas - city full of different & delicious restaurants.We couldn't help it. This is the most convenient and semi-affordable place when you are staying at the Venetian suites.It is always filled with people for good reason.All their food is DELICIOUS. I haven't tried anything that disappointed me yet.Good and safe bet to satisfy your hunger.
5	There's 2 Grand Lux Cafe's - SO CONFUSING!  (Venetian and Palazzo)Confusion when our two groups claimed to be at Grand Lux yet we couldn't find eachother.  *heh...I love dining at Grand Lux.  Breakfast - Lunch - Dinner - Late NightIt's VERY affordable and they give you generous portions.  Service is always excellent and the place is huge (the one in Venetian anyways) so there's never a long wait in line.  They have a breakfast buffet (but it ends earlier than I'm usually awake.. like 11am?) and a hefty selection of lunch/dinner dishes you can order anytime.  The food isn't anything spectacular but it's yummy and you can't beat the price and amount of food!  (Their french fries r yummy...and they give u a heaping plate full of them :D)HIghly recommend.  I LOVE VENETIAN DINING x 2!
4	This was my first trip to Vegas, and I was visiting on a limited budget, so I searched Yelp for affordable eateries and found Grand Lux Cafe.  Since I knew it was owned by the Cheesecake Factory, I kind of had an idea of what I could expect.There was a little bit of a wait, but it didn't take too long to get seated.  There seemed to be a lot of empty tables, so I'm surprised it took as long as it did, but no biggie. I had the Wild Mushroom "Burger," one of their vegetarian options. It was surprisingly delicious, and the fries were good too. My lunch buddies ordered the lunch-sized salads, which they really enjoyed, and were still very generous in size. On the way out, I passed by a table that had ordered some kind of pasta, and the portion size was enormous.There was something a little cheesy or forced about the waitstaff ... but no more cheesy than everything else in Vegas, I suppose.  Overall, a decent place to stop and grab lunch for a reasonable price.
4	Yummy Pasta Telephono! Huge menu, so many choices! Lots of leftovers! It came with a "small" side salad....their small is the large size salad at most restaurants lol. They took pretty good care of my large group. This place was suggested by my Aunt, so glad we went! Will definitely visit again!
2	So it's after midnight, you're staying in the Venetian and realise that since you slept in and thus had lunch at 3pm, and then had tickets to a show at 9pm so didn't eat beforehand, you're now starving and there's not a lot of options.  You could walk down the strip to one of those $5 steak-and-eggs places, or the $1 hot dogs, or you could stay in the hotel and go to the only restaurant that's still open.So you make the obvious mistake.  It's not really a restaurant, it's actually a slightly-modified version of the Cheesecake Factory.  Any place that has the word "factory" in the name isn't a restaurant.  They're serving you something that might once have had something in common with food but was sent to a factory, fried and then frozen, and then shipped out all over the US to be heated up in microwaves.  They're serving you food that is actually worse than Hot Pockets.My waiter was totally stoned.  I don't just mean a little stoned, I mean falling over himself and barely able to walk upright.  Everyone seated in his section kept on looking at each other and rolling their eyes at him.  He thought he was suave and pulling it off, and was so stoned that he never noticed the giggling from everyone who had to deal with him.  Even the busboy was making fun of him.The food is just what you'd expect from a Cheesecake Factory: fried food in massive portions and completely lacking in flavor.  It's totally quantity over quality.  It has exactly two redeeming qualities: it's available at 2am, and it doesn't require you to leave the hotel.  But next time, do yourself a favor and walk down to get the $5 steak-and-eggs.  You won't hate yourself so much afterwards.
5	Great little spot for breakfast.  Fast courteous service and awesome food.  I had the Tuscan Farm Eggs.  Highly recommend you try these if you decide to give this one a try.
4	This cafe is just as good as The Cheesecake Factory given that they are both sister restaurants. It's a good place to come to after-hours when all you want to do is eat to avoid a hangover the next day! A group of my friends and I went and didn't have to wait too long. The inside was nice and big. One waitress took care of our big party with ease and seemed very friendly. I ordered the fettuccine alfredo since I was craving pasta. My thing is, if a restaurant can serve you a simple entree and make it taste delicious, then that's all I need. Noodles weren't over-cooked, sauce had a rich, creamy consistency, and the chicken I added tasted tender. Ooh, I also tried some of the red velvet cake.. my cherry on top! No hangover the next day and was ready to strut down the strip for another nightly palooza!
4	Great service! Open 24 hours! I had the lettuce wraps! Loved it! Refreshing! Just enough crunch factor, the mustard soy sauce gave it a nice touch!  Zen noodles are okay not like the real pho thing but average. My hubby hada a meaty pizza average he said. Extensive menu.... would come again.
4	If you're staying in The Venetian, I highly recommend this restaurant.  The decor and dishes are very similar to The Cheesecake factory since it's owned by the same people.  We didn't have a reservation on a Friday night but we didn't have to wait long before we got seated for dinner.  They have a decent cocktail list and the portions are pretty big.  This is a great place to come if you don't have reservations anywhere and want a good place to eat with a nice atmosphere.
4	The Grand Lux Cafe was packed when we got there but the line moved fast and we got seated. The decor and menu looked like I had seen it before. Come to find out it is owned by the same people who own The Cheesecake Factory. Nonetheless the menu had a lot of great choices and the service was great. I spent $45 on breakfast! Only in Vegas...I ordered the Joe's scramble along with a delicious blood orange mimosa. The food and drink was fantastic. For a splurge once in a while this was definitely worth it.
4	This is the spot to eat at after Tao. I don't remember exactly what I ordered but I been here twice and the food was good. A little pricey but worth it!
2	I hadn't planned on eating here. The only reason we went was because I had a huge hangover from the night before and it was the closest restaurant to the bottom of the elevator. We headed in at about 2 in the afternoon for a nice breakfast to get the morning going and the restaurant was virtually empty. We were a party of 8 and we were sat immediately. We were "that" table and our group kept growing by one or two people but the wait staff was gracious enough to let us slide a couple of tables over to accommodate. The service was quite good. As soon as I sat down the waitress asked me what I wanted to drink and took my order as soon as I put down the menu. I'm not sure if anyone asked but she also took the liberty of separating all our checks to simplify the paying process (although I know it made it much more difficult for her).  The food took quite a while to come out which is pretty standard for any large table (about 25 min from order to table), but the manager came out and apologized for the long wait and brought us some warm bread to tide us over until the food came out. The food was pretty solid. I got a burger and thank God this is one of the few places that will actually serve you a burger rare. The meat was perfectly cooked or not cooked depending how you look at it. The fries were acceptable.  While I was sitting there feeling like death I kept thinking that the place looked like a more spacious Cheesecake Factory. Little did I know that the restaurant is actually from the same people who made the Cheesecake Factory. I guess alcohol makes you more perceptive.
5	When we're in Vegas, we stay in the Venetian 90% of the time.  Having the restaurant right near our elevator is a plus, just a short walk and you'll get some great food.  My wife and I already enjoy The Cheesecake Factor, so with this being a sister company, I was sure we'd love it (and we did).During our last visit a few months ago, where we stayed for 4 days, we at there at least once a day.  We ordered pizza, steak, italian, burgers and always had a very enjoyable meal.  The staff has always been helpful and friendly and we'll be going back again and again during each future visit!
4	I ate here once last fall and I was extremely intoxicated so I don't remember much.  I do remember that there were quiet a lot of options on the menu, even at 4 am, and I do remember that what I ordered was good.  I remember my friends' dishes being very good too.  The only thing I can remember ordering were potato egg rolls and they were delish.  I'd come here again and hopefully will remember what I'm eating next time.  Sorry if this review isn't that helpful...I was drunk.
5	Late night eating = Chicken and WafflesI love eating here. They have a variety of dishes to choose from so I doubt that you won't find anything your tummy won't want.Oh, and the bread is so good.
5	Delicious cajun ribeye! Fast service!
5	Came here for lunch and while I've been to this place a few times, I finally found something great to look forward to and will come back here every time I hit L.V. We started with the Stacked chicken quesadilla. It was crispy and savory and stuffed with whole black beans, green chiles, tomatoes, tender moist chicken, melted cheese and sprinkled with kernels of sweet yellow corn *sigh*... really it was that good. I went with a lunch special. Had the pasta carbonara and a small house salad. The salad was, well salad. The dressing was tasty and the greens were crisp. The pasta was wholesome, rich and loaded with smoked bacon, peas, mixed with creamy blends of cheese. it was very fulfilling. After eating a slice of bread or two and a wedge of quesadilla I could only eat about half my pasta before I was full. Baby had the Burger Melt. It sat on some sort of garlic parmesan bread, had lots of cheese and grilled onions, I had a bite. It was very big and intimidating, great if you like meat. The fries were crispy and and not overly salted. They told us about their fresh baked desserts which we didn't have the pleasure of trying. Now as to the best, yes I'm saving it for last. The Grand Lux Peach Bellini *moan moan moan* OMG, seriously orgasm in my mouth. I could taste the bubbly but it didn't overpower, had a slushy like consistency, a nice big amount of peaches and a big ripe red strawberry to top it all off. I could've drank ten. Best ten dollars I've spent in my life. So fruity and refreshing and just a burst of joy for my taste buds, I'm going back for a few more as soon as I can. The food was good it deserve a three and a half but I'm giving them a five for the Bellini itself. Peach Bellini for breakfast? Yes please!
3	So apparently, I had to go all the way to Vegas to eat at the Grand Lux, seeing as how I've never been to the one here in Chicago. I was hoping to dine somewhere a bit more high end - but thems the breaks in Vegas. The cash tends to ebb and flow. Or in my case, just ebb. That brings me to Grand Lux. A good meal, with awesome portions at the right price. Yanette M (partner in crime) and I started with the seared ahi. We both loved it, and she's not a fan of raw fish. The wasabi cream was worthy of plate licking. I probably would've done it if we weren't seated on the "patio". For entrees, she went with the Cedar Planked BBQ salmon. Holy crap that was a huge portion. Tons of veggies, mashed taters, and onion rings. I took some nibbles from her plate and everything was very well done. I went with the pasta carbonara and side ceasar. The carbonara was delish. Done with applewood smoked bacon as opposed to pancetta. It was fab - but really you can't go wrong with bacon and a butter cream sauce. Just sayin. The salad was good and nice to look at, but a pain to eat. Once you coat romaine spears with dressing, they tend to slide around on the plate while you're trying to cut it. I'm a lazy eater. It's why I don't order crab legs. We each had a glass of wine with lunch. Overall, everything was really good. Service included. Except that it took way too long to get our app. I mean, 20 mins for seared ahi? That's not even cooked really. Also, the place wasn't crowded at the time - so what gives? Check came out to about $50 before tip. Definitely worth it.
2	Not so "Lux" (2.5 - I'm not a fan of commercial chains and it definitely wasn't my choice to come here). Value wise, it sux's because It's in Vegas. It's pricey for what it is which isn't much. If it was in suburban Hoboken this would be a happening spot. I can just picture some Jersey chicks chain smok'n and downing the best eva' flat bread sandwiches... oh my gawd.
3	I'm surprised that this place is by the makers of Cheesecake Factory, because I much prefer Cheesecake Factory.  I liked the Asian nachos, chocolate cake, and artichoke dip.  What I wouldn't order again: chicken & waffles or shrimp scampi (delicious shrimp, yucky sauce).  The prices are on the high side, so you can end up really disappointed if you get something that turns out to be not-so-delicious.
4	We ate here twice and loved it both times. I normally seek out unique foodie experiences and avoid chain restaurants like the plague, so naturally I assumed when the family wanted to go that I would have to settle for it. Boy was I wrong...The first visit we went for brunch (Sunday am, seated right away). Two of the kids got Belgian waffles with strawberries and whip, the other, the Italian Market Sandwich. The waffles were good, but the sandwich was amazing. My son generously offered each of us a small bite and agreed it was the best sandwich ever!  "Thinly Sliced Prosciutto, Pepperoni and Salami, Topped with Fontina Cheese and Arugula on Rustic Bread with Sun-Dried Tomato-Basil Aioli". My husband and I both ordered the egg breakfast which was prepared well and included Niman Ranch bacon. The orange juice was fresh squeezed (really, not like other restaurants advertise), and the fresh fruit actually ripe and flavorful. We were very impressed with the quality of the food, but also the inventiveness of the menu- not your standard chain restaurant fare. Everyone was very happy all around. After much debate about where to go for dinner  (we were there to go to Dos Caminos or Bouchon), we all decided to go here again. We ordered: a BLT (yummy bacon and bread), the Max Burger (has short ribs on it), Sunday Night Pasta (daughter said it was the best past she has ever had), Chop Salad (the only average meal we ordered), and a Top Sirloin steak w/fries ( I had my heart set  on steak frites, but every restaurant in Vegas starts steak at $40 + $9 fries- ridiculous!) The steak was tender, flavorful, and well cooked. At $28 for the 8oz steak and $4.95 for the fries I was very pleased). Again, a great experience all around. Bravo to Grand Lux for bringing quality dining at a reasonable price. The atmosphere is fine, and simply elegant (but really, does every restaurant have florescent lights now?), but a bit noisy. Compared to fancier places with big names and higher checks, this exceeded our other experiences.
5	One of my fave restaurants! They gave such an amazing variety of flavors. My personal favorite is the  Asian Nachos and for dessert the made-to-order beignets! This cafe is operated by the Cheesecake Factory folks so you'll see may similarities in the menu as well. We prefer to go to the one at the Palazzo as the one at the Venetian can get quite busy and loud. We're usually able to just walk into the one at the Palazzo. Beware, most portions are sharable!
5	all you can drink mimosa's cures any hangover.
4	Ah, grand lux is gonna forever remind me of some good times in vegas. Me and my friends came here at 2am-ish friday night (or saturday morning i should say) after a long drunken night out. I really like that it's open all the time, that its right next to the elevators up to the rooms and that we didn't have to wait very long for seating. We ordered the calamari, some kind of sandwich and spinach artichoke dip. The calamari tasted soooo gooood, spinach artichoke dip was really good, and I dont remember much about the sandwich but I'm sure it was fine. We came here saturday night too, also after a long night out. This time we came with 12 girls so we had to wait a little longer for seating but it was still pretty fast (also probably because it was 2-3am in the morning). Our table split chicken and waffles, calamari (yes again because it was so good) , some kind of pizza and some other dish with egg or something but I didn't get to try it. Everything was pretty good from what I can remember. I think we ordered maybe 7 dishes in total and the bill came out to 100 something dollars.If you do go there, I'd say get calamari for sure because its really delicious (cant go wrong with fried stuff). Spinach artichoke dip was also really good but I think its usually good no matter where you get it. Chicken and waffle (one big waffle) were just eh. Grand Lux is affiliated with cheesecake factory and I can see why, it really does remind me of a more expensive cheesecake factory. But still, if youre staying at the venetian, its a great convenient place to go after a night out.
4	Went here over the weekend for dinner.  I really like this place because I think it's decently priced food on The Strip in a nice hotel.  You get the feeling of dining in a nice place for a little cheaper than other restaurants located in big hotels/casinos.  I also like the variety on the menu.  Maybe I'm on the short bus but is this place sister companies with Cheesecake Factory?  They have similar decor, similar menu items, etc.  I ordered the Spaghettini with Clams.  It was yumm.  A little bit spicy for me because there was red pepper flakes which I didn't expect but it was still good and loaded with clams.  My husband had the Fried Chicken.  It was really good and a huge portion with a mound of mashed potatoes, mashed sweet potatoes, glazed carrots, and steamed brocolli on the side.  The Creole dippng sauce that came with it was the best part.  The service was really great, quick, and friendly.  I love that this place serves a pretty big variety of food on their late night menu (12-6am) too, so when you get out of the club, you don't necessarily have to eat greasy crap at 4am.
4	The hours and service, very large menu even in the middle of the night, plus I can get chicken and waffles whenever I may need to? YES YES YES, but specifically what triggerred this review was the MAX BURGER. Do you appreciate a good burger?? Do you seek out deliscious burgers and when you find one that is so superb you never forget it you are deeply pleased?Then order this-NOW! The burger alone gets 5 stars!!!ALSO, the Venetian has 2 locations in the building! YES!!!
5	I was craving calamari for a week before we came here. My boyfriend asked around to see what restaurant had calamari and a couple people directed us here. We were seated very quickly and given water and bread right away. I already knew I wanted calamari, so we ordered that once we were seated. It took us a while to decide what we wanted since the menu had a big variety. I guess that's why the website says "something for everyone!" So true!We finally decided upon the Crispy Caramel Chicken because it just sounded so good! "Crispy Battered Pieces of Chicken Breast in a Spicy Thai Caramel Sauce with Mushrooms, Onions, Red Chile Peppers, Garlic and Ginger. Served with Rice."The calamari came and it wasn't just calamari. It also came with Rock Shrimp, Zucchini and Onions. Served with a couple dipping sauces. It was all so crunchy, just the way I like it! I loved that they added in the shrimp, zucchini, and onions. It made it all the more better!The caramel chicken came and we were ecstatic! IT looked just as it was described in the menu, maybe even better! Our first bites had us melting in our seats, it was so tasty! The chicken was breaded perfectly and the Thai sauce was just delicious! It didn't have too much ginger either, which is a surprise since a lot of dishes with ginger tend to have chunks of it. All in all, perfect experience! The portion was perfect to share, we didnt even finish, so we had some yummy leftovers the next day :)
3	consistant
3	you can expect to get large portions.  food is decent and good for large parties.  came here for lunch and got a lunch special and was satisfied.  like this place and cheesecake factory I don't understand the hype.  it's a good quality chain restaurant, but nothing overwhelming for me.
5	Great food - great gluttony - great times.
5	Maaaaaaaaaaaannnnn...I can have this place all morning, all night, alllll dayyyyy long!!!EVERYTIME I'M IN VEGAS it is a TOTAL MUSTTT to have Grand Lux. The breakfast is delicioussss..the caramel chicken is to die for, the chicken flautas are tastyy..the chicken and waffles was interestingly and suprisingly GOOOOD!!!!I loveee the service, they have a wide selection of food and open late after those late night club hopping nights...The one in Beverly Hills totally sucks but this is the place to eat if your gonna be in Vegas..I have to say I would do Grand Lux over any buffet in Vegas anyyyday!!!!
3	The big chicken pot pie is huge here! It pretty good actually...This place is a good place to share your food... we came here with 8 people and ordered like 5 dishes and everyone was full... The service kinda sucked, the prices are alright, it's good if you split it up with everyone...
4	I go here at least once everytime I'm at the Venetian. Their prices are good (for Vegas), services is great, and food is high quality. I'll had the BBQ Cedar Plank Salmon more than once. I know that it sounds like a kinda-strange dish, but if you just like fish (not love fish) I think you've find this dish to your liking! It's moist and smokey. You'll find the BBQ sauce a nice flavorful touch. Lastly, they open at 6AM so check them out for breakfast instead of the cheap buffet or stale coffee shop.
4	Open 24 hours? Ka-Ching!Grand Lux is very similar to Cheesecake Factory in style and portions. (i think they are owned by Cheesecake in fact)the food is good with a wide selection to appease anyones cravings, decent prize, and a large portion. not much more you can ask for. and did i mention theyre always open! great place to go after a late night of drinking.
4	Went here on Saturday night after a long night.  The waiters are so nice and accomodating!  My half of the table ordered a vegetarian pizza, fried calamari, and spinach and artichoke dip.  All were delicious!
3	Average Breakfast - Little Expensive for what you get. I hosted 4 people for breakfast and most ordered a traditional Eggs, Hashbrown, bacon/sausage and toast meal with Coffee or O.J. The service was fairly quick, no waiting to sit down, and the food was average - no surprises. Bill was a little high topping over $20 per person.
3	I've only eaten here for the breakfast.  So it may be difficult to gauge since I've had the egg white veggie omelette one time and Joe's scramble another time.  There wasn't anything special about my meal.  Although Joe's scramble could have been a little less saltier with the ground beef.  The toast is served a little too toasted and crunchy.
4	Working at the Guggenheim for almost 5 years, I spent many lunches at the Grand Lux, along with getting lunches to go. I could go on and on about the many great dishes they have there, but i will pick the one i liked the most, the pasta telephono. This is its description on the menu "A Rich Tomato Sauce with a Dash of Cream and Melted Mozzarella Cheese. Baked and Topped with Toasted Bread Crumbs." I really cant describe it's taste, other than its AWESOME!!! Portions are nice sizes as well. A meal can be split between two "not so hungry" diners. Service is ALWAYS GREAT!!! This place is busy, a lot of the time, so it becomes pretty loud. I suggest if you're planning to try and work or hold a meeting, pick another spot.
5	Love love love their clam chowder. Unfortunately, they only have it on Fridays! We were in here a couple of times during our trip here. We always had great servers. The food was good too.Try their french toast.. Even if you don't like french toast, you'll like it after this!
4	Big portions, good food, open 24 hours.Never had to wait longer than 10 minutes for a table here.  They have a really yummy, and huge Chicken Parmigiana.  Meatloaf was also good.  I'll keep coming back here for late night dining!
4	What a great meal for your value! I LOVE Grand Lux and has become the staple for a MUST VISIT every time I'm here. Sunday night pasta was pretty good. It was spaghetti with bolognese sause and mushrooms. Nothing too fancy, but definitely hit the comfort food spot. Shrimp scampi is also good here. The shrimp are ginormous!!!The asian entrees is way too salty thought, but if you're into that.The Chinese chicken salad is good. Vegetables are fresh and they give you tons of chicken! Winner winner chicken dinner!The Cabonara is always a winner and SO good.I can't wait till the next time!
5	Fabulous!I needed an order for take away and fast. Not only did they whip up a Santa Barbara chicken sandwich and my beet salad super quick, but the manager even made me a special fruit cup with strawberries and pineapple chunks, because I don't really care for the mixed fruit cups with grapes and melon.I appreciate the "custom" customer service experience, the efficiency, and the quality of my meal.This place gets a ton of traffic, being in a casino, but they really went the extra mile for me.Although I did not try them, the desserts looked impeccable! They have a  beautiful lemon meringue tart that is about 7" high!
3	My wolfpack was ravenous.  I ran into a girl in the bathroom that had leftovers from this restaurant that said it was cheap, pretty good and had BIG PORTIONS... and was just around the corner.  Sweet!It was kinda like eating at Cheesecake Factory.  Which makes sense, since it's owned by them.  The food was nothing special - pretty good, and we all finished our apps (buffalo chicken rolls), entrees (patty melt, ahi tuna burger, chicken salad sandwich) & a dessert (apple pie) without blinking.BTW, when I ask for my ahi tuna burger to be cooked raw, I don't expect to receive an ahi tuna burger that is medium well.  But I was so hungry that by the time I realized I should've said something, it was nearly all gone.  It was still pretty tasty though.So... yes, we'd all eat here again. Especially if we were drunk or hungover.
4	Went here before seeing Phantom at the Venetian. Ok first the bad. We went to be seated and they were very insistent that our whole party be there before they put us on the waiting list. Guess everyone has to be present to share in the punishment wait because the dinning room had plenty of open tables. After the punishment wait was over we were seated and the menu has tons of different options. THe service was very friendly and attentive. When the food came the first thing I noticed was how big the portions are. I mean that plate was full. Although my stomach was ready to blow I had to had a piece of the cheesecake. Sense it is from the cheesecake factory it was also excellent. While a bit pricey the food here is well worth the money and the portions are more then generous. I highly recommend dinning here when you are in Vegas.
5	Great place to go 24/7.After being out until four in the morning, we were famished. All we wanted was somewhere to plop down and eat. Wow did this place do the trick!Delicious food with great ambiance, just like the Cheesecake Factory, and guess what? The Grand Lux Cafe was created by the Cheesecake Factory!Good: Delicious food 24/7.Bad: It's not gourmet....meh. Final: I stop by this place whenever I can.
2	You realize that this is a glorified Cheesecake Factory don't you? Actually, I like CF better for some reason.We came here for brunch and our server was rushed and to the point. It was hard to get a hold of her for the majorty of our meal. I had a BLT and the bacon was really thick but overcooked. I could get the waitress to fix it. I'm glad that at least my friends enjoyed their meals.
2	I usually enjoy my food at the Grand Lux Cafe in LA, but I went here late Friday night/Saturday morning with a large group and we were all disappointed.  All the food we ordered was either bland or lacked real flavor.  The zen noodles were very hot but tasteless.  The pasta carbonara was creamy but bland. The pizza was bland as well.  C'mon, did they run out of spices or something?!  The "best" we got was the burger, which was actually decent, but would be forgetable in any burger joint.  In short, the whole experience was BLAH. :(
3	There is a Grand Lux in Chicago but I had to come to Vegas to try out this restaurant chain! Unfortunately for us, the experience was only ok.  We arrived around 11:30am and were seated immediately.  We placed our order at 11:40am.  Our waiter took the orders of the table behind us AFTER he had taken our orders, but their food came out BEFORE us.  I was not happy.  Our waiter stopped by our table at least 3 times to tell us our food was on its way out.  I seriously wanted to tell him to not come back until he had our food in his hands!!! Strangely when our food was ready, another person brought out our food. Maybe he was afraid of us?I had a pasta dish which I was really looking forward to, but it only tasted ok. The pasta was dry and hard.  Really lacking in flavor. I was disappointed.  My friends ordered the breakfast dishes.  They tasted pretty good. Maybe I ordered the wrong dish? I'm going to have to try out the Grand Lux in Chicago just to see how things match up.
4	Yep.  Definitely owned by the Cheesecake Factory.  Large portions.  Varied menu.  Some of the salads come in "small" portions which is great for a normal size meal.  Can sit out on the patio and watch the casino go by or inside.  Outside tends to be noisy as you're right next to some slot machines.For breakfast can get a standard breakfast or their version of a buffet.  Really an omlette station, fruit, bagels and croissants, breakfast meat, and includes drinks.  Not a bad deal for $14.99.
4	They have a very extensive menu at very modest prices.  The atmosphere is best described as Italian Cheesecake Factory as well as the menu.  And it is located right in the casino.  We had a few lunches there with up to 12 people and everyone was pleased with the food for the price.
4	This place was perfect for the big dinner for my sister's bachelorette party of 21 girls.  Unfortunately, the special events manager didnt record my special reservation and when we arrived they didnt know what I was talking about.  But much to my satisfaction, the manager on duty got our table ready within 10 minutes (at 8pm on a Saturday) and we had a great spot for all of us ladies! The food was delicious and service was pretty quick.  Me and my sister shared the parmesian chicken, it was the most delicious I have had in a very long time.
5	I was in joy when seeing the sign while wandering around with the bf. we're seated immediately at the comfortable table. As usual, I did the ordering, and my eyes are always bigger than my stomach. We had chicken and waffles which was something different to try, but tasty,  steak sandwich - very good, fried calamari with rock shrimp - an excellent dish, salad & soup combo which was nothing special, we didnt  even finish half of it. However, each portion was way bigger than I thought. For the drink, my bf had beer, while I got orange & strawberry smoothie in a big glass was super good that I kept drinking instead of eating food, but still couldnt finish, therefore I had to ask my bf to suck it up 'cause I didnt want to waste it. I love the service here, my waiter was nice, friendly & attentive, he came by few times to ask if everything was ok, and another gentleman which I guessed its the manager came over to check on us making sure we're well served. With an awesome service & food like this, I would love to come any time.
4	I would have given them 5 stars but the wait was unreasonably long and the first server was somewhat sullen. My cousin, sister and I went there for breakfast during a recent weekend trip to Vegas. The wait was so long and we were absolutely starving by the time we got our food. It was a good 45-50 minutes after we ordered. They didn't seem to have many servers working but you would think noon on a Saturday they should be pretty well staffed. As for the quality of the food, it was very tasty. I had scrambled eggs, bacon, hash browns and toast. The hash browns were cooked perfectly. My sister and cousin also ordered similar breakfasts and were happy with theirs as well. The service was only ok. The first server was kind of uninterested and never came back to let us know how much longer for our meals. Then there was a shift change and the second server came over and refilled our drinks and kept checking on the wait for our food. We were much more satisfied with him. The menu is a little confusing, it is kind of long. And there's a section that says they only serve breakfast in the morning, but in the other sections it shows a different breakfast menu under lunch and late night which could be organized in a less confusing way.  All in all the meal was cooked well and we left happy and full.
3	This is the Grand Lux Cafe located inside the Venetian. There's another one in the Palazzo but supposedly this one is better. The only other Grand Lux Cafe I've been to is the one in the Beverly Center in Beverly Hills and in comparison, they're pretty similar in terms of ambience and food, but this one is open 24 hours!!We had a huge group of about 15 and we were lucky enough to get seated right away even though it was peak dinner time and we didn't have reservations (you have to make them 2 hours in advance). My friend and I shared a sausage, pepperoni, and mushroom pizza. It was super doughy (a little too soft for my taste). I couldn't even break the pieces apart cleanly without all the toppings and cheese falling off all over the place. But the CRUST was delicious! My friend and I found ourselves just eating the crust off of each slice towards the end. They have all kinds of food here--it's really similar to Cheesecake Factory because it's the sister restaurant. But I'd avoid the "asian" food if I were you, especially if you're looking for something authentic because you're probably not going to find that here.
3	If you have eaten at a Cheescake Factory, then this is the EXACT same.  Large portions and huge menu.  Decent breakfast (including a buffet).  Inside the Venetian casino.
4	Open 24 HoursGood PricesGood FoodSince I was staying at the Venetian, our group made plenty of stops at Grand Lux. Whether it was the 2pm after partying the night before or the 5am after the club meal, Grand Lux was there to fill our tummy's whenever we wanted!  I will be back multiple times, since The Venetian is my goto hotel in Vegas!
3	I think this is the only restaurant in Wynn that is open until the wee hours of the morning. We rolled in with a group of 7 and were seated in less than ten minutes. I got the short rib sloppy joe. I had high expectations as I love sloppy joes. Every once and a while, I get a strong craving for a good old fashion joe...you know the ones that were served in elementary school. The meat was okay. Nothing to rave about. It could have been ground beef for all I know. The sloppy joe could have been improved in two ways: 1) more sauce and 2) hamburger bread. I did not enjoy eating a dry sloppy joe on a toasted piece of bread. Towards the end, my entire party crashed, while I handled the bill. Service was friendly but a bit slow. I struggled to stay awake, while I waited for what seemed like an eternity for the waitress to return with the receipt.
5	One of my favorite places to eat while in Vegas. I can eat here in the morning for breakfast and feel like a champ. I can eat here for lunch and feel fantastic. I can eat here for dinner and feel like a winner. But of course, I wouldn't do that!! Too much yummy foods!! My favorite meals of the day here is breakfast and late night. I'm not a big fan of cheesecake factory, but why do I love their sister restaurant oh so much?
2	Listen up y'all. This is the sister/brother restaurant of Cheesecake Factory. If you like that type of food, then this is the place to go. But for me I wanted to try something that was a different experience. So I came here with a group of people (7 people) and we all shared our entrees. **FOOD:- We ordered the Grand Italian pizza and according to my brother, it tasted like something that you can get from the frozen aisle at a Ralphs.- Pasta with Chicken, Sun dried Tomatoes and Mushrooms and Pasta Carbonara was too CHEESY!! After a few hours, the boy and I got a tummy ache. I would not recommend the pasta entrees. It isn't great (my opinion). - The Sonoma Salad was probably the only OK entree. I mean you can't go wrong with a salad. - The other entree was a bake chicken with mash potatoes, no bueno. My cousin said the chicken was dry. Overall I would recommend this restaurant if you do like the American type of food and if you're on a tight budget (entrees range from $10-$20) . But I would definitely not come here again.
4	We end up eating almost every meal at the lux. Great food and very generous portions. We love the salmon and they have the most amazing burgers! Something for everyone!
3	It's my own tradition to come here when I come go to Las Vegas, which is anywhere from 2 to 3 times a year. I come here for 3 main reasons:The buffalo chicken rolls are perfection, it's open 24 hours, and I like to sit in the patio area so I can watch stupid drunk people passing by. As much as I enjoy coming here I think giving it anything more than a 3 or 3.5 would be generous. Their fries are always dissapointing and the rest of the food is okay. For me, its main charm is the fact that it's open 24 hours and it's in my favorite hotel to stay at.The buffal chicken rolls are reason enough to come check this place out.
4	I go here every time I'm in Vegas. (the one in the Venetian of course, the one located at the Palazzo is HORRIBLE) The prices are amazingly cheap and the portions are HUGE! the salads are excellent. I really love the Italian Market sandwich. The calamari is great too.
3	Am I missing something here? There're are three grand lux cafe's on yelp? They all seem to be the same place though. Anyway, the food here is average, expensive (18 dollars for a simple salad with a little ahi tuna?? Seriously??). But the waiter we had was fast and efficient and checked frequently to make sure everything was okay. The place would be better if they would drop their prices to something more reasonable.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place.  I really like this place.  Portions are massive.  The food is good.  The place is beautiful & clean.  The chicken pot pie is delicious.  Their chicken sandwiches are also nicely done (pick any one of them and you won't be disappointed).  The fried chicken strips are also fantastic; they're not overly fried and they're perfectly tender.
4	I really like this place! If you go in here and noticed the resemblance of the Grand Lux Cafe and CheeseCake Factroy, it is not a coincidence! They are sisters, sisters! Owned by the same people!I ate here in January 2010 & went back on August 2010.We went here on Thursday night and Friday morning too!Everything that I've tried there is so good.We love the crispy chicken flautas, you will find them under the things to share category, those flautas are HUGE! I'm thinking like 9 inches long. You get four of those per order so with 1 -2 you are done! So don't be stingy and share!I also got to tried some pasta, I forget what it was called, but it was delicious!They have great burgers also! I used to be grossed out about medium rare meat, but I was wrong! That's the best, it brings out the flavor and juices of the meat.We also ordered the half chicken salad sandwich, salad and soup--The Salad was delicious-Asparagus soup was the best, I've ever tried-The sandwich, good but I wouldn't order it again. Highly Recommended :) Will I go back here? HELL YEAH!
4	Nice spot to grab a quick bite
4	This is one of my favorite late night spots in Vegas. I love stumbling here at 4am and get my favorite ZEN noodles! It's like PHO but with an american twist. YUM. I also love the fact that this restaurant is open 24/7!! The sandwiches here are also really good.Watch out ladies for the slippery floor! Drunkeness + slippery floor = no buenos
2	Very disappointing overall. My friend's sandwich was ridiculously greasy and my tempura fried ahi roll (I know, my fault for ordering that after midnight) was just not very good. Quite unhappy with my margarita too...waaaaay tooo sweet....if you leave a half drunk margarita at a table then you know something is not quite right.It's not all bad news hence the 2 and not 1 star rating, it's open 24 hours, the service was solid and even the late night menu is as extensive as anything you'd find at the Cheesecake Factory.
5	I only had drinks, the staff was friendly and knew how to make great drinks! Great place to chill after a concert. My favorite drink stop
5	Great spot to eat - I've been there a few times and I've never been disappointed! Its in the Venetian hotel, just downstairs from Tao nightclub so its really convenient for after clubbing munchies! The menu is great - similar to the Cheesecake Factory. Their pastas are delicious! and they have a great dessert and drink selection. It's not a huge place so there can be a wait during busy hours, but the slots/tables are right next to it so you can kill time playing.
5	Every time my friends and I go to Vegas, we visit Grand Lux at least once. There is another Grand Lux Cafe in the Palazzo but usually the Venetian is a lot closer for us to go to. They have a large variety of menu items that range from classic American food to different takes on various ethnic dishes. You also get bread and butter when you sit down. The reason why I like the Venetian Grand Lux Cafe more is that we get seated quickly. It doesn't matter what time we go or how big our group is. If you've noticed that Grand Lux and Cheesecake Factory have similar menus, they're owned by the same company.When you order food, be prepared to eat. Their portions are big and you have enough to take back to your hotel room (if you have a fridge that is empty). I've ordered their bomb Caesar salad and I usually try different dishes when I go here. I had the Shaking Beef with Rice and that was pretty good. I usually get the Caramel Chicken and I can never finish it. When I recently went here with my family, my sister ordered the Beef Short Rib Sloppy Joe sandwich. It looked pretty good and it tasted pretty good. Usually all burgers come with fries. Service is always top notch. The last time I went here we ended using a Visa Gift Card that the server botched when he put in the amount. He ended up resolving it but was super nice about it. He wasn't giving us attitude. Their servers are always attentive and ready to ensure that your order is correct.  Find parking in one of many parking garages in the Venetian parking lot. Order one of their signature lemonades and you won't be disappointed. They also have sodas and a full bar. A couple of years ago, my friend ended up ordering a double shot of Tequila for his drink at dinner. Bring a group, prepare yourself to eat and have fun in Vegas!
2	After a night of lots and lots of drinking and waking up with somewhat of a hangover, my buddies and I head down to the pool for a few hours before we picked ourselves up to find something to eat.  After returning to the room and talkin' it over, 2 of the 4 insisted that the Grand Lux at the Venetian would be the best...or supposedly so.Making the trek to the Venetian, we walked in and from the outside, the restaurant looks decent...nice decor, ok setting (not too noisy from the casino area although very close by) and clean, we were seated by a friendly waiter.Surprisingly, the restaurant wasn't crowded even though we arrived shortly after noon time.  Moving on, we got to our table and the waiter handed us with our menus.  My friend asked how much the drinks from the bar would cost and he responded as anywhere between ($7~11)...fair enough...it's Vegas...you're gonna be charged quite a bit....Thirty minutes down the line, we finally got our food....and unfortunately, not that impressive...would've gotten the same deal elsewhere at a much lower price.Toward the end, the waiter wasn't very friendly with service.  Overall, I know that there are so many other places in Vegas to eat...buffet/upscale restaurants available, and I choose not to come back to this place ever.  It's too pricey, and the quality of the food isn't as impressive as first thoughts.
4	The pepperoni pizza was very good.  Wasn't expecting much from this restaurant so I was happy.
3	Grand Lux is a Cheesecake with a fancier name, but when my family wanted to sit down and get breakfast on our way out of the Venetian, the place was right there.  This Grand Lux probably gets more business than the one we have back home in the Beverly Center, but it is more or less the same.  The ambiance and service are pleasant and uninteresting, and the food is unmemorable.  I do take issue with there being no bathroom within the restaurant.  The space is huge, and I fail to see why you have to go into the casino to take a leak.The good thing about Grand Lux is that the menu is varied to suit all tastes, including very young ones.  We split chicken and waffles, strawberry French toast, and pastrami hash and eggs.  Nothing stood out, and the waffles and French toast probably tended towards bad, but everything was edible.  Grand Lux is nowhere to go out of your way for, but if you're hungry and it falls in your path, there's nothing to avoid at all costs either.
4	I was on a conference trip in LV and staying at the Palazzo. Co workers and I arrived LV with hunger pains and we were ready to fill the lunch void. My co-workers and i decided to hit up the Grand Lux Cafe, a cousin of the Cheesecake Factory. It was my first time, the food was surprisingly good; I am not a big fan of Cheesecake Factory entrees, but i was real satisfied with my meal at Grand Lux--salmon piccata...mmmm, yum! Their bread is bomb good (i am picky with my breads. So, bomb good is bomb good!)  If your taste buds are feenin for something different they have "world" dishes.They've got Comfort foods, such as chicken and waffles, to tend your hang overs.Basically, Grand Lux provides more on the menu than Cheesecake Factory-- you have a wider variety of good stuff to choose from, and of course, cheesecake. For you late night to wee-hours of the morning Vegas goers, I am pretty sure they're open all night. They'll serve you up some breakfast, lunch, and dinner meals. Whatever you want. YAY!Service is okay, if your waiter is not around you can flag down someone else wandering. I am definitely coming back to this place during my next visit.
4	service is excellent here. even though its not a fancy restaurant. the servers here are really nice, attentive and on top of things. we came here for a quick dinner before we pre-gramed it with some hot guys we met the night before. we all had different pastas and they were all delicious. two of us had the pasta fresca it had lots of veggies with penne pasta, it was so good. and two other girls had a different pasta that looked good, but i didnt try it so i can't say much about it. decently priced....pasta rangeds $10-14 a plate and its a huge portion!
3	I find that much of the food tastes the same; not exactly the same, but the same in that 'massive chain' sort of way.  But, it's still a good option for early morning or late night food.I like the one in Palazzo better.  This one is open 24 hours a day, which is important, but it's sooo huge and sooo busy that the service kinda sucks.
5	I had been to this location once after clubbing and the one inside Palazzo for breakfast before so decided to stop by here for an afternoon snack after arriving in Vegas when we realized Riva was closed already (missed it by half an hour). Two of my friends and I just wanted something light so we wouldn't spoil our appetite for dinner that night. I ordered a mojito which was made just right. The one that my friend ordered was good too, I can't remember the name of it but it was yellow. We also ordered the mini chili cheese hot dogs and the crispy Thai shrimp and chicken spring rolls. The chili cheese hot dogs were so cute! It was a little salty for me but it was still good. The way you eat the spring rolls is to wrap it inside  a piece of lettuce along with mint leaves, carrots, and their sweet chili sauce. It was pretty good as well. You can never go wrong with grand luxe cafe for breakfast, a quick snack, or late meal after the clubs.
3	3.5 starsNeeded to grab a quick bite before going club, decided to To-Go a sandwhich from Grand Lux.  Definetely super convenient to be staying  at Venetian and to have a 24 hour cafe downstairs, although the walk from the hotel room to the cafe is very very long at times, ....and sometimes not even worth it if you're too tired.My sandwhich was good and I wish i was more adventurous to try other things, but I jsut needed some food in me before filling myself up w/alcohol! This place is good though, and I would come back!
5	This is it!  Michael Jackson isn't the only one.  This place is so great...every aspect of it.  What carne asada fries are to drunks in San Diego and what Paisano's Pizza is to drunks in Hermosa Beach, Grand Lux is to drunks in Vegas.  The beauty of this place though is that it is for classy drunks and not even for only drunks.  The food: perfection.  They have THE BEST Chicken Parm I've ever had. They use a number of different types of cheeses that add to the tastyness of it.  They also lighly bread the chicken making it more tasty.  Unlike other places where all you taste is fried batter.  You get the flakeyness and deliciousness of the breading here with the juicyness of the chicken.  Now let's move on to the next entree...shall we?If you order Buffalo ______ at Grand Lux, it's a safe bet to be amazing.  Anything Buffalo is good here. Their buffalo chicken roll appetizers are some of the best appetizers I've ever had and their spicy buffalo chix sandwich just adds to the buffalo goodness.  Sometimes I order both and I may get a look from the waiter recognizing my buffalo filled meal, but all that subsides after the first bite.  Now to breakfast...I tried their breakfast buffet here for the first time 2 weeks ago, and it was $15.95 and it included juice.  Very good breakfast selection of eggs, bacon, omelette station, fruit, waffles, etc.  The only thing missing was pancakes.  What i did though was made a nice dessert out of the waffles by taking some hot waffles and adding some of the chocolate chips they have laying around and put a nice dose of whip cream on top.  And if I'm feeling good, add some fruit.  They also have hash browns, which were some of the BEST hash browns I've ever had.  They weren't dry at all.  It was just great.The greatest part is that they have 6 cheesecake factory cheesecakes (b/c it is the same company) and a whole bunch of other awesome desserts that I am sadly usually too full to eat.  I can't recommend this place more!
5	This restaurant is delicious, and so different from other in-hotel restaurants by the fact that it doesn't suck! We had wonderful food and great service. It was seriously refreshing. I've been there late night after the club, and in the morning for breakfast, and have always been impressed. It's amazing how there is such variety on the menu, and it all tastes so good!
4	I am pretty much in LOVE with their Cajun Ribeye here. It's so flavorful and I always try and come eat at Grand Lux when I'm in town. The fries that come with it are good too, hello skinny fries! Try the steak! Also tried the Pot Pie, which was huge and good too! A side salad is big enough to feed two, so don't get full off that and bread.  Prices are normal, like Cheesecake Factory. Good service, cute place, right on the casino floor...overall...good place to try. Yum!
4	Boston Ice Tea (Cranberry and Tea) - YOU'RE WELCOME - ask for it by name. I want to get this added to the menu so help me out.They also make a cranberry juice and lemonade with a sugar rim that is sofa king great.Food is good, service is good. It can get pretty packed during regular meal times and after 2am.
4	Four words: short rib grilled cheese. It was magical. Four out of 8 people at my table ordered it and the other 4 wished they'd followed suit. The Grand Lux is a good choice when you're trying to eat a good meal at a good price, but don't want to be all cheap and McD's about it. The prices are fair for the portions and quality of the food. The service was off in one instance where everyone got their food except me because of a kitchen error (I think my plate was sent to a different table). However, I'm not bitter because the server was straight up about it and very apologetic. He vowed to get me my grilled cheese right away and even offered a side to hold me over. When I said I didn't need a side, he insisted, so I went with french fries and he brought me the a huge bowl of fries. I'm talking 2 or 3 times a normal meal portion. Not necessary, but I appreciated the gesture. Oh, and I definitely appreciated that grilled cheese!
5	It is tradition to go here every time I am in Vegas.  The service is good, but the food is even better. I will always get the Chicken & Waffles... it is quite interesting on their rendition of an old favorite.  It is open 24 hours and is great after going to TAO after drinking.  I will always go here whenever I go to Las Vegas.
2	The short rib grilled cheese sandwich is not good.  The sandwich is greasy as fuck, and this is coming from someone who eats large slabs of pork belly on the regular.  Combine the grease with congealed "melted" cheese, and you have a regret-filled walk on the way out of the casino.The calamari salad is a little bit better, but I kept getting a slightly burnt flavor in the calamari.Luckily, you can get a chocolate croissant from Bouchon bakery on your way out to cleanse your palate.
4	I really enjoy coming here to eat when I'm in Vegas, and even if I'm not staying at the Venetian, I'm willing to make the drive from Mandalay Bay.  Yes, it's a Cheesecake Factory spinoff, but lunch is rarely more than $15 per head, and if you can find a better deal, please tell me because I think this place is a bargain.  If you're in a hurry, you can eat at the bar - they serve the full menu and you always get great service since the bartender is never more than a few steps away from you.  The Venetian is too fancy for a buffet, so this is the only buffet you'll find in the entire hotel, and it's breakfast only.  It has a pretty nice variety of small muffins, bear claws, croissants, English muffins/bagels/toast, bacon, potatoes and a made-to-order omelet station.  The line can be pretty long, but those guys work pretty quickly.Lots of the entrees come in a smaller lunch portion, and the service is always fantastic with drinks frequently refilled and servers coming to check on you.  I've never had a bad meal here, and when you consider how much food this kitchen turns out, I think they are pretty much hitting home runs every night.
4	I liked the service and ambience from the start..they bring out sourdough and butter which is great. I ordered a texas tea to drink. Good amount of alcohol and still tastes refreshing. I ordered the spicy buffalo chicken sandwich. Both the fries and sandwich were great..
4	Didn't have to wait in any long lines and got seated quickly. The server was kind and quick also. The food was awesome and I will love to come back. Happy customer.
4	Thank goodness this place is 24hrs. The service is always over the top... but that's to be expected because it is connected to Cheesecake Factory. The waitstaff is extremely attentive, available, and on top of everything! I frequently come here with my bf in the wee hours of the night (er... day?) and I always see large groups of over-clubbed 20-30somethings no matter what day! Oh wait, that's Vegas... ha!Well my favorite item on the menu so far is the Ahi Tuna Burger (not sure if that's the exact name, but it's the only Ahi Burger on there?) I get it just seared, and raw all throughout the center... THE TASTE IS JUST WONDERFUL! Cooked through, or not, I would still say the flavors that pull through it are amazing. Too bad they don't have any other sides besides fries you can get with it.I have also tried a few of their Asian-inspired dishes and have not been disappointed yet! It's on the strip (boo!), but still worth going to if you're in the area. Prices may be a little higher than the local joints, but it's your friendly, sit-down LV Strip eatery.
5	Excellent!! they have good from from various parts of the world
3	Inside the Venetian hotel, this is where you go to eat if:1. You don't want to pay an arm and a leg at the higher end, celebrity chef restaurants2. You're losing but you don't want your S. O. or family to know it3. You are broke, but you don't want to eat Mall food in either of the 2 food courts4. The dinner show was sold out5. Cheesecake Factory is your favorite restaurant6. You want to stay close to the "Wizard of Oz" slot machines in hopes of getting one when it opens up7. You are tired of walking from the Sands Convention center all the way to your room, so you stop here to rest and eatThe Grand Lux Cafe is a moderately priced, large and usually noisy restaurant at the hub of activity in the Venetian. It is between the room elevators, the escalators to the self-park parking garage, some shops, an information and ticket buying booth for shows, and the casino floor, and near the grand walkway to the lobby.It has a large menu with something for everyone, with most entrees around $15 - $25.  Very much like the Cheesecake Factory, since this restaurant was designed by the creators of the Cheesecake Factory, that ubiquitous faux fine dining restaurant so popular with the suburban mall rat crowd.Actually, I had a pretty good salmon entree here, well presented and not too expensive. The two Gin and Tonics helped my enjoyment. Service is slower, though, but you should be able to find something reasonably tasty to satisfy your poor, tired soul here in the town that wasn't built on winners.I forgot to see what Cheesecakes they offer here.
5	Things you should do in Las Vegas:  (1) Buffet , (2) Gamble, (3) Club/Adult Entertainment/Events, (4) Drink/Getting crazy loaded, (5) Late Hour DiningService - Excellent - See belowCleanliness - Excellent - it's in the Venetian so the place was pristine.Price - $94.14 (including tax and tip, 3 people ordered)Seafood - Yes, Calamari, ahi, etc.Meats - Yes, beef, chicken, pork, duck, etc.Vegetables - Yes, saladsDessert - Yes, variety of cakes, pies, cupcakes, etcFruits - YesOther - (1) Located on the First Floor of the Venetian Casino floor between the Casino Cages and Food Court, (2) Review is for Venetian-side Grand Lux Cafe--not Palazzo-side.  (3) Grand Lux Cafe was created by David Overton (founder of Cheesecake Factory Restaurants), (4) Accept all major credit cardsWhat was ordered:Customer Service (Complimentary) - Excellent - Jessica K was our server for this Wed 11:30 pm dining session.  Jessica was very personable and made great small talk about why we were here.  I was taking pictures of my friends and she offered to take a picture of me as well.  I declined, but she snatched my camera and proceeded to take my picture stating that I got pictures of my friends so it was only fair that I get a picture as well.  Jessica then offered to take a picture of all 3 of us afterwards.  Other than that, brought us everything we needed with a smile.  Nice gal.Rib Eye Steak ($30.95) - Excellent - Cooked medium rare rib eye steak served with 2 onion rings, sprig of greens, and French fries.  Let me deconstruct the meal while I deconstruct the meal:Rib Eye Steak - Excellent - Per Grand Lux Cafe menu "We serve the finest Certified Angus Beef, corn-fed and aged up to 4 weeks for flavor, then seasoned and broiled at 1600 degrees to seal in the juices."  Quantity: Nice, large slab of meat.  Approximately 9 inches in length, 4.5 inches in width, and 1 inch in thickness.  Quality: Excellent.  The steak came with some fat, but it was quite meaty--I ate the fat because it's delicious (don't judge).  They cooked it to perfection with a nice pinkish middle and still juicy.  The steak pretty much melted in your mouth like butter.  Flavor: I don't know how else to describe it, but as "Awesome and delicious!"  Very flavorful beef that I was tempted to order another.  Other: My friend M ordered the same thing, but cooked medium.  He could not stop "ooo" and "aaaahing" about the steak.  He even declared it the best steak ever.(2) Onion Rings - Excellent - Quantity: 2 onion rings.  Quality: The BEST ONION RINGS EVER!!  The skin was perfectly golden with a nice crunch yet light when you bite into it--with very little oily feel.  I hate fast food places, chains, mom & pops serve these onion rings that have hard crusts and extremely oily.  Flavor: You really can taste the onion goodness here--it isn't hidden by the batter.  So good.Sprig of Greens - Excellent - Quantity: A sprig.  Quality: I'm amazed about the attention to detail here.  If you think this sprig of greens is just garnishment, think again.  They actually put dressing on these greens--meant for consumption, not looks.  Think of it as a mini, mini, mini salad.  Flavor: Great flavor--sweetness and citrus acidity pop from the dressing and refreshing flavor from the greens.  The greens actually refreshes your mouth after consuming such bold flavors from the beef.French Fries - Excellent - Quantity: Approximately a 5 inch diameter bowl of fries--4 inches in height.  Quality: Nice golden brown color, perfectly crispy, and not oily.  Flavor: Tasted like good fries.  Seasoned well with a nutty flavor to them.Let me check off my Las Vegas Checklist:(1) Buffet - Nope - maybe Thursday morning(2) Gamble - Hell NO - I despise losing money(3) Club/Adult Entertainment/Events - Check - My Sac Kings lost to the Lakers.  Not going to make it rain this time.(4) Drink/Getting crazy loaded - Check - Gentleman Jack is your FRIEND. http://media1.px.yelpcdn.com/photo/yZI0fAgC2XtddriDX2i3rA/l(5) Late Hour Dining - Check - Grand Lux Cafe is "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"
5	I'm a frequent Vegas visitor and my family and I have made this one of our regular places to eat, whether it be breakfast, lunch, dinner, or late night. It is good food 24/7! I've eaten here at all times of the day and it is really good food. Some stuff is pricey but totally worth the price! One of my favorites was the fettucini Alfredo, the sauce was mmm good :) loved the Belgian waffle, oh and order a side of bacon! Most delicious bacon! This is the place to go when you don't know what to eat because their menu offers a wide variety of cuisines and because the food is always tasty :)
4	Great Food, Great Variety, Great Price.  24 hours.   What's not to like.
3	Ate here for my cousin's birthday since we were staying at the Venetian. There was ahi tuna on the menu and of course, I ordered it. I wanted to get something light because we were gonna head out to Tao afterwards. It was pretty good but I've had better. I couldn't really taste the meat of the tuna. My friends ordered pasta and they were pretty satisfied afterwards so I'm guessing it was good. That's all I really can say about the food...The place is really nice and it reminded me of CheeseCake Factory and to my surprise, I guess they're sister companies so yea.. and the service was good. Our waitress was really nice and our food came out pretty fast.Just watch out for the floors if you're wearing heels.. it's slippery!
5	If anything, I give this place 5 stars for good memories. Friends in a drunken stupor, sharing large portions and satiating your after-party cravings.The food style and decor is exactly like many others have said: a replica of The Cheesecake Factory, down to the to-go bags. Try the Rustic Lasagna and the Cajon Shrimp and Chicken if you want something hearty or the Grand Cobb Salad for a lighter fare.The service at Grand Luxe simply can't be beat. Every time I've visited, our waitresses or waiters have always been superb -- helpful, patient, cordial and friendly. I love it. Last week when I was there, the manager came by to check on us and started telling (bad.. like really bad) jokes. A+ for effort!If I wasn't saving my stomach for the Vegas buffets, this would be the next best thing.
3	Food was awesome but service wasn't as good, maybe because it was real late but still. It seemed like our waiter was trying to rush us out. I do love the fact it's open all night! For those after the club cravings!!
1	It's like the servers get fucking retarded after 2AM. (1) Our server was going at a snail's pace. We knew what we wanted to order, had our menus closed, and where the fuck was she?! (2) She talked to us like we were stupid. Don't assume I'm ordering something wrong like I'm a drunk dumbass. It's probably your fault you can't hear me, so just ask me to repeat myself(3) Party of 9, yes we fucking know there's gratuity added. It's on the bill. But when I ask for 10 dollars on my card, it's because we rather you get a cash tip asshole. Don't fucking run my card and tack on gratuity! (4) I'm going to stereotype my own race, we were all Asian, we know how to fucking do the math. We aren't going to shiest you on your bill, so don't fucking tell us that we're short 57 cents! WE'RE SHORT BECAUSE YOU DON'T KNOW HOW TO ADD. Our server had to pull out her OWN wallet to pay me my money back. EMBARASSING.Denny's does a better job than you and they're not even high end!FUCK THIS PLACE
5	After 3 days of convention and fast food, I decided to dine in and eat real food. Hence the Grand Lux, a great place to have a casual meal in a clean and spacious restaurant with stylish decor (yes like Cheesecake Factory).I ordered a soup and salad that came with sourdough bread. The soup of the day was chicken tortilla, simple but very flavorful and filling. The sourdough was probably the grossest (is that a word?) I've ever had. The ceasar's salad was nothing special.I also tried their chicken and waffles, which comes with no sides so I ordered fries as well (fat @ss!). The dipping sauce for the chicken is really what enhances the dish and the waffles were just as delicious.The service I received here was better than mediocre, our server was friendly enough and the food was quick. Great food, good service, extensive menu and a nice looking restaurant. I will definitely return again.
5	this place was awesome!!! I came here this past weekend for my birthday and had a very good (and large) white wine clam spagetti. It was pretty good. perhaps a little dry for some but i thought it was fine. the service was great and even had a nice little dessert for our birthday.
4	I've been to this upscale version of Cheesecake Factory twice. The first time I had a sashimi appetizer and grilled cheese and short rib sandwich. The sashimi was quite good and the sandwich was greasily delicious. The short ribs were insanely flavorful and moist and really went well with the cheese and bread selections. Despite being very busy the service was exceptionally attentive.
3	I ate breakfast there on weekday morning.  Normally I wouldn't goto Grand Lux with so many other options in Vegas but I wanted to try something new and the situation at the time didn't allow for anywhere else.  Service was slow even though the restaurant wasn't that busy.  Although the restaurant is open 24 hrs, they aren't very flexible about fulfilling requests.  Tried to order a house salad but they said they couldn't meet the request.  Not a big deal, but it was late in the morning you would think they could throw some lettuce in a bowl especially for a restaurant that's open 24 hrs.  Like I said, not a big deal since they aren't a diner.  Ordered the corned beef hash and eggs.  Portions are huge just like the Cheesecake Factory.  It was good, nothing outstanding however.  Prices aren't outrageous, besides the typical Strip markup.All in all an OK experience.  I wouldn't eat here again unless it's 4AM but that's only because there are so many other dining options in Vegas.
4	I had a Caramel royale macchiato, and it was quite awesome. Great break from gambling and slot machines and all the good stuff. It's really small, so I could easily imagine people would overlook the location unless you're explicitly looking for it.
4	Open 24 hours! You can't beat that!My girlfriend and I ate here before the Pacquiao-Margarito fight. I got the BLT which was surprisingly good. The bacon was crispy and thick but not oily and the whole wheat french bread was soft and crusty. I hate it when tomatoes make sandwiches soggy but my sandwich wasn't soggy at all. The complimentary whole wheat french bread was really good.I came back later that night after clubbing. My other friends hadn't eaten so we came here again. I ordered a cup of cream of chicken and mushroom soup which was soooooo satisfying after dancing for hours. My boyfriend wanted to get the short rib grilled cheese but they were out :( Instead he got the patty melt which came on cheese toast. YUMMY. I highly recommend! Yeah, it's like Cheesecake Factory, but the menu items are slightly different. I'm so a fan.
4	The venetian is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas, play in the poker room long enough and you'll get comped and will most likely end up eating at Grand Lux.  I love this place, the food tastes good, the service is wonderful and they have a very diverse menu.  they have asian nachos which i didn't try but definitely will next time. You have to check this place out and it's open 24 hours, what's better than that??
4	There is not better place in Las Vegas for drunk, late-night, affordable food.  Grand Lux is good for breakfast, its good for lunch, its great for late night, and we will always come back here when we need a food fix and don't want crappy food from some dumpy strip location.
4	Ohh my ohh my, this place is highly recommended... .. Despite having the most miserable waiter EVER!! I believe that there are 2 of those restaurants at 2 hotels next to each other so my friends and I had a funnydrunken mix up with meeting up for a 6am dinner... (Hmmm Oh so typical Vegas huhh) Anyways, I've ended up being at both locations the last time I was here. Both experiences were great. The service was good (minus the miserable waiter of course), the food was good and had a great variety. It is a shame that you can order from certain menus at certain times, but we managed to find something... Both location were nice and clean and we were seated quickly.. MOST important in Vegas in my opinion... Especially when it's whilst partying, right...Don't think I have much else to say about this place... It's very "Cheesecake Factory" kind of place.. Which is a good thing... ?????? I guess....
4	3.5 stars... really just for the fact it is 24hrs and it's nice inside. I had the Ruben sandwich. It was huge! And yummy. My boyfriend had the eggs, hash browns, with ham. They were just ok. Kinda bland and needed some salt and pepper. My sister had the chopped salad that was drenched in dressing... she forgot to ask to hold the bleu cheese... didn't like it too much. We also shared the calamari with shrimp. It was pretty good minus the fact it was a little too oily for me. Overall it's a nice place (it's a Cheesecake factory). Service was nice, but a little slow. We ordered simple food that seemed to take forever. Would be back again... only if staying in the hotel... otherwise would head over to the Cal for Hawaiian eats.
4	Before I decided to move to Las vegas, this is probably one of the casual dining restaurants that we visit the most often when we are in town for CES or bachelor parties.  I know it is pretty much just a Cheesecake Factory with a different name, and you can get pretty much get the same food and cheesecakes without flying/driving all the way out to LV, but everytime we ate at this Grand Lux Cafe, the experience has always been a positive one.The food overall is pretty good, decent sized portions and fairly priced for a restaurant located inside one of the busy Strip casino. The menu selection is huge, and can be difficult to decide what to order if you are not familiar the menu, but the staff is quick to offer suggestions.On my most recent stop here after catching Jersey Boys, we didn't have to wait long to get seated.  The food I ordered that time was just okay (but I have enjoyed what I ordered previously, which was mostly pastas, instead of the special being promoted).  Service was good, frequent refills on my iced tea, and when we were ready to settle our bill we didn't have to wait too long for that.The only thing I didn't like was the appetizer platter and most of their Asian-inspired appetizers, which I thought were mediocre at best. But all of their pasta entrees that I have tried have been good, and I will drop by when I am in the mood.4 stars.  And during AVN/AEE convention in January, we can do a lot of people watching while waiting to be seated, since a lot of the adult entertainment stars come down the escalators in front of this Grand Lux Restaurant.And the big draw is the fact that they are open 24 hours a day, so a decent grub is available all the time if you are in the Venetian.
5	Our group ate here are three different occassions from the same weekend trip and although it was only great two out of three times, I still loved this restaurant enough to give it five stars. Let me tell you, the service has a lot to do with it. First trip was during a late dinner after arriving at the Venetian. Menu was HUGE, as in Cheesecake Factory-esque HUGE. My fab buddies shared their Asian nachos which we all swooned over. My shrinking beef was a bit of a disappointment in that it was mostly onions and green onions rather than beef. What saved this dinner for me was our server Julian. Even through the drunken antics of the guys, he was gracious and continued to serve our party extremely well.Word of advice: Skip the "breakfast buffet" Totally not worth the $16-something price on it. Not enough selections and the quality was mediocre at best. I was really disappointed with it. Just order from the regular breakfast menu.
5	When I lived in Vegas, I heard a story about the owner of the Venetian wanting a Cheesecake Factory in his hotel, but because there was already a Cheesecake Factory located across the street at Caesars Palace, it was a no-go. Instead, they came up with a concept for a new restaurant, and bam, you've got Grand Lux Cafe.The menu is similar to Cheesecake Factory's, better actually, so if you like CF, you'll love Grand Lux Cafe. I've never ordered anything here that I've disliked. It's definitely the best 24 hour restaurant I've ever been to.The food is delicious, the prices are right, the service is always great, and I love the ambiance. Take my advice, if you're going to eat at a hotel and you're on a budget, eat here! Our group ate at the Caesars Palace food court (Cypress Street, check out my review), and we ended up paying the same, if not more than Grand Lux Cafe, and the food at GLC, is 10 times better!
5	The bacon is always so good, nice and crispy. I also love their orange juice because it's freshly squeezed!
3	Put me in Grand Lux Cafe or a Cheesecake Factory location and slight decor differences aside, they are pretty much identical. Whether it's the atmosphere, the decor, the staff and the menu, these two are pretty much identical. It's weird too, because as I entered the Venetian and was seeking for a place to eat that was affordable and quick (I had to head to the Blue Man Group show and only had one hour to eat), everyone told me that this Cheesecake Factory-like restaurant was around the corner. When they said that it was similar, I had no idea what I was in for and how much of a clone it really was. Stunning but neat.So we proceeded to walk in and get seated and a very friendly waiter took care of us. We ordered some stiff drinks, 2 Scotchs, on the rocks. Then while my grandfather 'carbed up' with a clam pasta dish, I went for one of their big salads; in this case it was their Chopped salad - grilled chicken, bacon, tomatoes, blue cheese, avocado, egg and mixed greens. The whole thing was tossed in a vinaigrette. The food came out from the kitchen in under fifteen minutes. The clam pasta dish according to my grandfather was very tasty and the clams very fresh. The salad was large and despite my best attempts, I could not finish it. The dressing complimented the rest of the ingredients well and I didn't feel heavy from eating it. The service was great and the prices were great as well.Overall this place is a nice addition to the Venetian. It provides reasonably good food at good prices and with good service. It's reliable and their menu is varied enough to satisfy all kinds of appetite. I didn't however find it to be as good as any Cheesecake Factory location I've been to. It's less tacky though which is a good thing.
4	It's an awesome drunk food destination.  I came here and got an amazing burger that filled me up.  The menu was extensive and prices were reasonable.  The service was excellent and the location was convenient if you are in the casino.
5	This restaurant is everything a restaurant should be.  Great food, great service, great value.  First, they made a simple omelette amazing wiht freshly roasted vegtables, home-made (real) hash brown potatoes and even a great bagel.  We each had a spicy bloody mary which was really amazing.  Lastly, we had the beignets as breakfast dessert.  The service was really great.  A very relaxed and enjoyable experience.  The rest of the menu looked great and can't wait to come back again soon.  Run don't wakl to Grand Lux Cafe.
4	Good place for lunch if you are looking for something that is moderately priced with lots of selections.  The lunch specials are a good value and thoughtfully sized.  Had the chopped chicken salad, which was delicious.
4	The Cheesecake Factory is like a normal cafe on steroids, and Grand Lux, being even bigger in size and portion, is like the Cheesecake Factory on crack.Seriously, I don't know where the dining area ended because it just kept going and going and going like an aging, withered Mick Jagger. The portions are so ridonkulously huge, you could easily feed a herd of elephants with one dish.I had the Zen Noodles and they were so much better than I expected. The broth was light, chicken stock and lemongrass goodness, accompanied by a grocery store of choices like basil leaves, bean sprouts and jalapeno pepper. It was soupy wonderland. I wanted to bathe in it.Service was fantastic too. Definitely come here for an affordable meal on the Strip.
4	Just finish ribs and a glass of the house red, cab.  Not bad for a meal late at night after just checking in. Price is reasonable, but not dirt cheap if that is what you are looking for.  The ribs were tender and fell off the bone.  But it's like a cheesecake factory, all is good, it'll be difficult to order something that doesn't taste good and not too expensive.  Certainly not ans dining experience restricted to vegas but I'm here on business.
4	In my opinion, this Grand Lux Cafe's food was not as good as the Cheesecake Factory's, but their service and atmosphere was better. For one visit, I think a 4 star rating is adequate for the food and service. I had a quesadilla and my mom had a shrimp basket. Both were good. The quesadilla was a little strange though. It was like a quesadilla that had the chicken and cheese between two soft pieces of bread, then there was a third hard piece of bread by itself. The service was fast and friendly. The atmosphere was more intimate and formal feeling than Cheesecake's. Most of the meals ranged between $10 an $25 and the portions were huge. This is a great deal in Vegas!
5	Same company as cheesecake factory, almost similar decor. No lines though (at 1030pm anyways) and different items on menu. My friends and I had a waiter called Javier. He was super helpful and friendly. I asked if they had veal Parmesan off the menu, and he suggested the veal saltimbocco. That was like food from heaven. It's not on the menu yet but ask for it. Super tender and delicious. Awesome recommendation, awesome food, awesome service. I am a fan. Next time I am in Vegas and close to Venetian, I might drop by again. My friends ordered pastas. I tried those too, but I think the veal was a better choice. The pasta was more of a 3-4 stars calibre.
3	So the food is very good for a chain restaurant. LOVE the asian nachos and potatoe rollers things. I want to try the Begniets and see how they stack up to New Orleans. I will say one thing that has miffed me there the last 3 visits is that I never get bread unless I ask. Are you saving the bread for something GLC?? I would give a 4 if it was not for the bread begging.
5	5 stars all around! This place has everything you would want in a meal, taste, quality, quantity and price.  I see that many have mentioned that the food is like Cheesecake Factory but i think this place is much better and the portion size is ridiculous. Every entree can be shared between two people comfortably and the best part? The price is just right. Came in here with a group of 6 on a Saturday night around 7:00 PM and was seated within 5 minutes. Next came the complimentary bread- omg, probably some of the best sourdough bread i've ever had. The bread was warm, the inside was soft and the outside had just enough of chewiness and crunch. Our group ordered the lettuce wrap, the pizza, the salmon and chicken terriyaki, the fettucini alfredo and another pasta dish. Eveyrthing was delicious and none of us spent more than $15 dollars each(with tax and tip already) - not to mention we all had leftovers for after-clubbing grub at 4 AM. To top it off, the service was awesome. Our waiter was honest with us about the portion sizes and encouraged us to share- not like the typical waiters that roll their eyes when they know you are sharing. He also offered to split all of the checks for us and even went above and beyond to split the shared items among the pairs. There was a 18% gratuity charge on our check but almost all of us left him extra tip because he was so awesome!!!! Thanks Grand Lux Cafe for a great meal!!! I'll definitely be back. Oh, they are also open 24 hours i believe :)
5	This is basically the Vegas version of Cheesecake Factory, and I'm not complaining!ATMOSPHEREIt looks just like a Cheesecake Factory-- elegant and beautiful. There seems to be a more regal air to it though since it is in Vegas.There is ample seating and I love the high ceilings. It made it seem like it was an even bigger restaurant than it already was.FOODThe food was delicious. I ordered the SHRIMP SCAMPI WITH ANGEL HAIR PASTA, which was way more than enough for 2 people.That's the great thing about this place: the portions are HUGE so you can easily split food amongst you and your friends.I expected the dish to be very salty, but it was actually cooked perfectly! The shrimp was plump, succulent, and had a little crispiness to it that was unexpected but tasty. The sauce was divine and the diced tomatoes complemented the dish perfectly. The pasta was cooked just right and balanced the dish's flavors.I would definitely come back again because:a) It's convenient (located in the Venetian)b) They serve tasty and high quality dishesc) They are generous with portions!
5	Thank youuuuu Venetian for hitting up Mr. Overton, founder of The Cheesecake Factory.  I wonder how many meetings it took to concoct the greatness we know as Grand Lux Cafe.  I make it a point to stop by whenever I come out to Sin City.  In fact, we ate here two nights in a row during the last trip.  Just doesn't get old!  So convenient after a night out if you're staying at the Venetian.  The location is RIGHT next to the guest room elevators.  You can't just pass by Grand Lux and not eat on the way back to your room.  That's preposterous!  Come here to satisfy your drunken munchies, soak up that alcohol with their complimentary bread n buttah, or even order a few more drinks.  I don't know about you guys, but I need something crunchy and guilt-ridden when I got the drunk munchies.  The crispy flautas from the appetizer menu is a blessing from above.  Just check out my picture (http://media4.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/uoo08O3ZAgdWMET_-M-cHg/l).  With the avocado sauce it comes with, this lil snack can be enjoyed intoxicated or not.  SO good.  If it doesn't tickle your fancy..there's still so much to choose from the late hour menu.  It's not as extensive as the daytime menu but you still got your breakfast plates, sandwiches, salad, pasta, etc.During normal hours, I absolutely MUST have my spicy flat bread chicken sandwich.  Grilled chicken, pepperjack, and all the usual fixings on a pita-like bread split into 4 quarters.  Its corn salsa is the perfect topping.  They lay on a little bit of the chipotle mayo sauce, but I always ask for more for the side of fries it comes with.  You guys really gotta order this at least once.  It's a pretty large amount of food -- I always gotta half it with someone.Service is always great & I've never had to wait over 5 minutes for a table, but I may have been lucky each and every time.  Wish I had the same kind of luck at the adjacent slots and black jack tables. Hmph..
3	This place is like Cheesecake Factory.I ordered a Chicken Pot Pie, which looked big with the crust on top, but it was just a teaser.  The crust itself wasn't good at all and the filling was just okay -- not too much flavor.  About 4 - 5 years ago, this place had a Lobster Pot Pie -- back then the crust was a puff pastry with lots of lobster chunks....those were the good ol' days....I tried some pasta and it was definitely better than the pot pie.  Prices are very reasonable for Vegas.  I'll come back here and try something other than the pot pie next time.
3	This place is decent.... I went here for a "work function" during the eyewear expo. This was a buffet style event, so I might be limited on what I'm able to share... the food was decent, but the place is nicer than the quality of food. Now, don't get me wrong, the food is good just felt like more attention went into the decorations... I'm picky!
5	I've always walked by this place since my ripe age of 21 &&we were staying at the Venetian. Finally tried it this last time around &&got the Thai Lettuce wraps at first, which were delicious, especially with the 2 different selection of sauces instead of just one. The second night we ate at the one @ the Palazzo, which was just as good and I had a breakfast meal with the bf. My girlfriend had something of a sun dried tomato pasta which was absolutely delicious and I will be getting it the next time I'm in town. Awesome service, minus the wait for having a party of 10+ each time and being a little inebriated.
5	Grand Lux Cafe, this place is da bomb. Everyone in my group who came here did not have a negative thing to say about it. Satisfies you like a restaurant should, by giving you bomb ass food. Their breakfast menu takes the cake, you can try ordering other stuff on the menu but I havent am im content only knowing the breakfast menu. Located inside the venetian. Kind of like cheesecake factory in that it has other ethnic food like pho, but dont order anything thats not American, will cause you to dislike
5	Seriously forget about the other fancy wannabe restaurants that charge twice as much for food that they can't even cook well.My all time fave is the jumbo shrimp pasta. And this dish is huge enuf for two and less than $20. That is why Cheesecake Factory Co rawks! You will not miss it when staying at the Venetian cause it is located right next to the room elevators and you will not mind going more than once because there are a lot of dishes to try and their desserts are great too.And service is impeccable. No snotty waiters nor waitresses. Fill you up and go easy on your pocket and will not let you down kinda restaurant ... yea!
4	5 Stars for  - Breakfast. Late night snack! Carrot cake!!!!4 Stars for the rest of the menu.3 Stars because they don't serve breakfast all day - come on this is vegas! 2 Stars for how slippery the floor isWe ate here like 3 times in two days and it was just fine, but they need to have the full breakfast menu all the time.
3	Yes, I'm admitting it, I'm a cliche. I had a date to meet my guy at the Grand Lux. I didn't think I'd need to specify which one, although I did (which he denies). Haha. As you can imagine, the obvious error occurred. I was sitting outside the Grand Lux at Venetian (with no cell service, go figure) and I couldn't locate him. After 30 minutes I was finally able to locate a spot on the casino floor where I could get service. I called my man and tried to describe where I was in relation to him as he said he had been sitting inside the restaurant all this time. This being his first time inside either the Venetian or the Palazzo, was easier said than done. I finally convinced him to head to the other Grand Lux, which is where I thought I was. 10 minutes later, still no sign of him. Seriously? I was getting agitated. I finally got service again and was able to contact him. He described where he was and I was able to ascertain that he was actually at the Grand Lux opposite from me. Ooops, we were both at the same location from the beginning. I'll own it, that was my mistake. How he walked passed me without me noticing him on his way to the other Grand Lux, I'll never understand. As there are two locations at adjoining casinos, I have to hope that I'm not the only one this has happened to, or are we just that dumb? Finally, we're seated and ready to eat. I've been here a number of times before. Usually for some late night grub. The food isn't spectacular. I had a very regular omelette with no bells or whistles and my guy had a very regular sandwich. The food is standard cafe fair. I like the food ok, it's just nothing amazing. If I'm in the area, I'd probably prefer to go to First Food & Bar for their amazing strip views and fun bar foods, but this is a good alternative as well. There are lots of desserts, so check those out as well.
2	I am sorry, I use to really like this place, in fact, every time I come to Vegas I usually stay at Palazzo so I always eat a meal here, I like their breakfast.The reason for 2 star is for their retard and rude server, this guy give us NO service! maybe because we r 4 young Asian and he figure we won't tip him good? well after this kind of service he is definitely not getting any tip! Other people arrive later and got bread but this guy won't bring us any..wtf? When he bring out of paste, it is not hot! When we order drink, he didn't bring straw.. WTF x 3!I doubt I will come back again.. I will just go Bouchon, even there always a line but food and service always better!
4	My Husband and I heard good things about this restaurant in the Venetian, so we tried it out tonight. They served warm sourdough bread & brown bread with butter to spread. It was mighty good. I chose a fellow yelper's Pasta dish where there were bacon bits & green peas, not bad but you get sick of the dish fast. Need to add red crushed peppers and share the dish while trying out another dish. The pepperoni pizza wasn't too shabby either! :))  Even their ice water was great tasting! lol I definitely would go back again!
5	Good food.Fair service.Try the crispy sesame tofu if you prefer to not eat meat. along with a Santa Fe salad, with NO chickenPrices are fair for Vegas too!
3	I ended up trying this place twice.My curiosity struck me because I've been a Cheesecake Factory employee for quite some time now and haven't got to try the sister restaurant yet.First night: Mandarin Cosmopolitan and Spicy Calamari Salad.The salad sounded like a good option because it just tied together some interesting flavors. The vinaigrette seemed to be missing, but the spicy sauce had a kick. Mandarin Cosmo was made with an excess of sweet and sour. I have a feeling they missed the Mandarin part. If you pay $12 for a martini, it should be semi-decent. Because for $2 more in Vegas, you can pay a bartender who knows to make your drink...Service was not bad - our waiter had a lot of pep to his step. Red bull gives you wings, definitely.Second night: Buffalo Chicken RollsFor those familiar to Cheesecake, this is the Buffalo Blast's step-sister. Nothing great to note about the dish. Service was lackluster.Overall, okay - but nothing too impressive to note.
5	stumbling in at 3am being the only one in this palatial room being able to order any breakfast munchie known to man kind is way cooler than getting laid in vegas. on this particular sozzled night of mine, i happened to be craving maple syrup. i ended up ordering maple syrup with eggs, sausage, and hashbrown as sides. believe me, everything went into the syrup. ever dipped sausage into syrup? yeaa baby it's good. they were cool with that.this place is gorgeous. quality of food here is exactly what you should expect from the Venetian. and it's not expensive. unless you're poor.
3	Higher-end cheesecake factory. Portions are huge and you can't really go wrong with this chain.Stopped by with the pumas for a quick bite before continuing some epic partying. As we were being seated in one of the big booths, all I could think was "dang, that group behind us is HUGE (both in numbers and size)... how come that one guy looks so familiar?" We were all pretty pooped from the night before, so I wasn't completely on point. I kept wondering why this one dude looked so familiar (I don't have many --ie: any-- black friends who are uber muscular and good looking). AND THEN IT HIT ME. It was AP! In the flesh!Sadly, all my excited whispering to my friends ("OMG ITS AP!!!") yielded only blank stares ("AP? Who's that? A rapper?"). I was less than 10 ft away from Mr. Butterfingers himself, Adrian Peterson, and none of my friends understood my excitement. :(  I'm still upset I didn't get a photo with one of the best RBs in the NFL (and complete my collection of pics w/ Viking RBs). Sadness. Guess I know where I'll have to hang out for my athelete/celeb sightings hahah
5	Where else in Vegas can you find a restaurant on the strip that has great service, great food, at a reasonable price?I haven't found one except the one in grand lux cafe. I simply love this place and its a staple every time I come to Vegas.My favorite dish is the corkscrew noodles with chicken in cream sauce. Favorite dish of all time, place gets an automatic 5 stars for it.
5	I gave this place a 5 star rating because my server...I think I over heard her name was MaryJo. She was probably one of the best servers I came across while I was in vegas!! But the food its self was pretty AMAZING!! I wanted breakfast but it was about 11 so I decided on something else. I ordered the Polynasian Salad(I think thats what it was called) SO GOOD!! It had chicken(would have better if the chicken was warm), Mango, red and yellow peppers(would have liked the pieces cubed and not in strips), it also macadamia nuts. The dressing was sweet and and deslish!! I also ordered a blood orange mimosa...SO GOOD!! I would come back for that alone!! They had a great selection on the whole menu..I plan to come back to try something else. Minor flaws but didnt take away from how delicious everything was. I only waited maybe 5 minutes and the place was packed...but then again I was by myself awaiting my friends arrival.
4	this place is just like cheesecake factory. very good. to bad my service wasnt good. this rating is strictly on the food and atmosphere. the waiter was very rude and very odd. sun dried tomato pasta was very good.
4	A nice inexpensive place for in between the expensive restaurants. :)
4	DESIGNED JUST LIKE THE CHEESECAKE FACTORY! I had the club sandwich which was reallyy good & the boyfriend got the buffalo chicken sandwich, even BETTER than my meal! also great service!
3	It's really just like Cheesacake factory, but I don't think it's an upscale version of it... just more expensive. My waitress was nice & attentive. I think you get better value at the Cheesacake factory.
4	I hope I'm reviewing the right Grand Lux Cafe as there are two on the same street?    The place is huge and reminded me of the Cheesecake factory with it's many offerings, but on a grander scale and less "franchisey" than the Cheesecake factory.  Service was good, just a touch snobby as I felt they frowned upon us bringing a kid in.  Maybe it's just me.The short rib sloppy joe was great (thanks to my yelper friend Len for recommendations) and prices were reasonable.  I expected it to be much higher.   Overall, I would recommend this as a great place to go if you're in Vegas.  If I happen to be in the area, I would come here again.   There's enough choices to please everyone.
3	Nothing says we really just want you to eat at the buffet like beverage prices that approach 50% of the cost of the buffet.  After ordering orange juice and coffee, I could not, in good conscience, have ordered anything off the menu.  You see, the beverages become "free" when you select the buffet.  I was close to $9 in before I ever considered solid food, so fine, the buffet it is.Wait.  Aren't I in Vegas?  Shouldn't there be an entire room of food piled high with a veritable treasure trove of crab legs or shrimp in some far, hidden corner of the place that I only discover after I've clicked my heels three times and am too full for the succulent crustaceans?  This buffet is neither Grand, nor Lux.  It barely registers a mention on the Strip.  There is lots of fresh fruit, so fine, honorable mention for importing melons and pineapple.  Otherwise, it's standard liquid egg fare.  Go here if you're too lazy to leave The Venetian, but there are better buffet options, well, anywhere else.  The buffet is 2-star at best.  The friendly, prompt beverage service and strong coffee bump it up to 3 stars.
4	If you like the CheeseCake Factory, you will enjoy Grand Lux Cafe.  On my recent trip to Vegas I ate here twice.  The first night was at 3:30am, after clubbing heavy.  The food was great and just what I needed to bounce back.  My biggest complaint about Vegas is the lack of reasonable places to eat, that still taste good.  I hate buffets so that has a lot to do with why I feel that way too...If your looking for no surprises and a decent meal, here's the spot.
4	Going to school in LA, I was already familiar with Grand Lux so it was a nice surprise to see that they were still open at 3AM after a long drive to Vegas. They have a big menu with a wide variety of items to choose from. I ended up getting the braised short rib sandwich which was flavorful and toasty. Don't forget to order the beignets! (took me a long time to figure out how to spell that) Fresh hot balls of fried dough with 3 different dipping sauces.
3	I would rate this place 3.5 stars but a 3 because of my dish. My bf and I decided to try this place because it was across the street from our hotel which was the Mirage.The restaurant entrance is at the Venetian casino in the back. We walked in and waited 5 minutes because no one was in the front and then we got seated. The waiter took a while to come and get or order and took a while  to just get water. My bf got a lunch special which is the miso salmon, white rice and mushroom and vegetable side. It was really good!I got clam linguini. It looked good but it didn't taste good. It was bland and oily. I had to ask our waiter who took forever... (the staff like disappeared when i was looking for them.... no one was around) for some parmesan and red pepper flakes... i had to literally flavor the linguini with the parmesan which has a salty flavor and red pepper flakes to give it some flavor.So, this place interiorly looks nice but their food and service needs improvement and the price is moderate. But, I am willing to try another dish (in LA) because this place is related to Cheesecake Factory and I think their food is good but I just had a bad dish.
1	I was hesitant to be the asshole with the one-star review but as I recall more and more of my visit here, I feel the Grand Lux Cafe truly deserves a big ZERO.Let me preface that my nine friends and I came to this hole as a collectively quiet and borderline hungover group at around 5AM after a looong night. That is to say, we weren't even close to our usual rowdy level, but actually resembled a group of elderly men and women who were REALLY, REALLY SORE AND HUNGRY.We stumbled to the front desk to ask for seating for nine. There was no one there. We waiting for another couple minutes, searching for someone to help us and found a couple of the wait staff helping other tables (there were probably a total of five occupied in the whole place) and a few people chatting near the back. Once someone noticed the huge scattered group, they ambled over to ask what they could do for us. As if it wasn't obvious already, we asked for a table for nine. The hostess told us to wait while they could find an open table and the wait would be around 10-15 minutes. Seriously? As we waited patiently yet astounded, we saw her and a few people walking around... I assumed they were setting up a table large enough for us but wondered why it could possibly take so long with no one else waiting and hardly anyone dining. After what felt like an eternity in Vegas time, we were sat at a banquet-style table (how hard could that have been to put together if it took any time at all?) with menus dropped off at the edge of the table for us to pass down to each other. The waiter left. He came back to ask what we wanted to drink. We said, waters, please. The waiter left. When he came back, he sloppily poured us all waters and left some of us with half-empty glasses. After asking us if we were ready to order five times in just as many minutes, he didn't come back at all. We had to flag down a DIFFERENT waiter to take down our simple-as-it-gets breakfast orders. Once that was all situated, it was purely a waiting game. 10 minutes went by... 20... 30... by 40, everyone had forgotten why we were even there and I was straining to find ANYONE who worked in the place to ask where the F our food was. As if they decided it was long enough, by 50 or 60 minutes, our food showed up. Eggs, bacon, sausage, etc. You'd think with that kind of preparation time they could also get these beginner dishes right. Some dishes came with extra sides of meats that were never ordered but would later be charged e$$$tra; some came without the sides they were promised; and one or two dishes were forgotten altogether.When the bill came just as late as the food, we realized we had been had. The cheap dishes were almost doubled the cost on the menu bc the waiter never informed us of how much a side of three slices of bacon would cost, and some extras were brought out even without our consent. But we were over it. So, so over it. We paid the bill and left just as quietly as we came. Though I really wish we would have just dined and dashed (which is something my friends and I do not have the heart to do but it seemed so appropriate at the time).Never again.
2	This is basically a mini-copy of the Cheesecake Factory. In fact, they are somehow affiliated, because the menu is really just a subset of the most common things at Cheesecake Factory. Regardless, it's not a great copy. It satisfies the late-night cravings extremely well, but the dishes aren't quite as well put together as you'd find at their big brother.
5	Great food
5	There is nothing worse than raging the first night in Vegas, waking up and feeling so sick you have to sit the rest of the weekend out.After partying upstairs at TAO, the girls and I went back to our room, changed into our pajamas and then went downstairs to soak up the alcohol that was surely seeping from our pores.  I ordered the Fried Chicken and Waffles and starved as I was, it was enough for me and one other girl to share. I'm not sure if it was due to the fact that I was so hungry I could've eaten a horse, but the chicken was extra cripsy, not greasy or gross and the waffles tasted fab (Did I detect a hint of cinnamon?).  I've since had the Bacon Cheeseburger and Fettucino Alfredo, both were absolutely amazing and the servings out of control.  I'd recommend sharing a meal if you go.  It also stated that the atmosphere is dress but multiple times I have been here at 4am dressed in my pajamas and no one has said anything.
4	If you like large portions or if you have not eaten all day due to your winning streak, this is the place.  Their entire menu is decent.  Get a bloody orange mimosa.  Very tasty.  I ate some crazy club sandwich that was the size of my stomach.  The food is quality and the service is excellent.  The price is also right.
4	If you love love love Cheesecake Factory....you will love love love Grand Lux Cafe in The Venetian!  My favorites:  Jumbo Shrimp Pasta with lemon cream sauce and the Lemon Chicken Picatta.  YUM YUM YUM!!!  I can't get enough of this place!
3	We came in here after wandering around the Wax Museum and the Venetian for several hours so we ready for dinner and I wasn't in the mood for anything really special.  Luckily there was no wait so we got in right away.  I ordered a sun dried tomato pasta and my friend got the Madeira Chicken .  My pasta was bland and was nothing special at all...but my friend's chicken was really good and luckily it was huge so he shared it with me.  The service was O.K., again nothing special.  It's a nicely designed restaurant and you do get HUGE portions for the price.  I would probably split a meal here next time since taking food to go if you are staying in a hotel is not really option...and who wants to cart around a box of leftovers while gambling?  I liked the one in the Beverly Center more than this one.  I'd be back again if I was looking for some good food at a decent price.
4	Grand Lux is located in the Venetian on the first floor. There was no wait this time but the place was pretty full. The decor is nice with simulated patio seating since your indoors. It is a little loud with the casino right behind you but bearable. My favorite entree is the spaghettini with clams and shrimp. Grand Lux is always on the list of restaurants we want to hit when in Vegas.
4	OMG love the grand lux anytime of day or night!  Excellent service pretty much every time i go there!Creme brulee chocolate and regular are soooooo good!Chocolate espresso martinis are fantastic,.  Thai chicken pizza (i get it without the chicken) with peanut sauce is really tasty!
5	Amazing place to have lunch or breakfast, which in Vegas, can be any time of the day. And luckily, this place is opened 24 hours. Their omelets are to die for. It's all inexpensive and you get delicious big plates. What's not to love?
3	Loving the hours, the service, and the location (since I stayed in the Venetian).  The food, however, was just so bland.I was craving cheese fries, so even though it wasn't on their menu, I had it made for me.  It was okay.  The cheese was melted over the fries, but was kind of burned.  My friends ordered the Vietnamese spring rolls (I was actually impressed by the sauce), the Chicken and Waffles (totally disappointed - my friend said it tasted like eating air because there was just no flavor), and the wings (somewhat tasty, but not all that great).  I'd go back again just due to pure convenience, but wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
3	As pissed off I am about paying $14 for a sandwich, I have to give credit for Grand Lux in the "24 hour on the strip eatery" category. Surrounded by other sad options, this one is slightly less sad. If it's anytime late night and you are near it, this is a great option. It's not something to go out of your way for (unless in your late night drunken debauchery you enjoy adventure) but a solid A-OK to possibly great option depending on your BAC.I was sober during my visit so the bread and butter in the beginning were just bread and butter, served warm but otherwise filler. Our buffalo chicken eggroll was pretty good, so appetizers are promising. My entree was the short rib grilled cheese: bland cheese, too many onions (and I love onions!), oily greasy short ribs (and trust me, I love short ribs too!) and at least a quarter of my sandwich was missing filling altogether. Boo, disappointment. There is great people watching, I got to watch a lady clap in excitement as the server announced "Chicken Nachos!". I guess that's what I should have ordered...
4	good food, great service. The place is romantic and prices are reasonable. I do not eat at the cheesecake factory but I would eat here again! we had the avocado and chicken salad which was pretty good if you like oriental dressing. husband ordered the sloppy Joe which was really good but didn't expect it to be that heavy considering the waiter told us its lean meat!!
5	Duck Potstickers - tasty, meaty with a great soy dipping sauceMini Chili Cheese Dogs - one of the best hot dogs you will eat, covered with chili, cheese, and a delicious mustard cream sauce; my favorite item!Sloppy Joe - classic, delicious sauce, and great vegas drunk foodShort Rib Grilled Cheese - see: "joe, sloppy"Southwestern Salad - if you really need a salad, you really can't beat this; word of warning, this is two meals, easyCrispy Caramel Chicken - really nice asian inspired dishShaking Beef - really good riff on vietnamese shaking beef, with a really good sauce over riceIndochine Chicken and Shrimp - second favorite dish; it has a really unique flavor that is slightly spicy, sweet and creamy all over rice, plus it has chicken and shrimp; try this one it is worth itChicken Salad Sandwich - available at the take-out counter/cafe located near the main entrance of the venetian grand lux.Sooo, if you can't tell, I really like this place.  I go to Vegas more than is healthy (it's only February and I have already been 3 times, with my fourth trip next weekend).  A golden standard for decently priced, very tasty, and open really really late for post party food.  I love grand lux, especially their mini hot dogs and their surprisingly good renditions of asian inspired dishes.One word of warning: the dishes are huge.... but you get leftovers for late night snacking or early hangover brunch (if you are like me, I don't like waking up until 2-3pm post party night).Next time you are in vegas, try this place out, or if you are lucky, there is one in LA too.
4	Went there on February 12, 2011 for lunch with the girls. Wait time wasn't as bad as I thought, was just 2o minutes. Good atmosphere, staff was pleasant. Sort of reminded me of Cheesecake Factory.Had a burger there. Forgot what it was called though, but I do know it came with fries and chipotle sauce, which was fantastic. Bread and butter were serve upon waiting for the entrees to come out. Great filling place. Would come by again to try something new on the menu.
1	honestly.. the food is good. BUT the service is SO BAD! They take FOREVER to take your order. If you try to place it by phone, you will be on hold for 15-20 minutes before it hangs up on you. When you go down to place the order, the people working there seem to have a kindergarten education. SO slow!! The food takes forever to get done, and you wait, and wait and wait. The people working there could be just a bit slower and they would work backwards. Seriously.Once they finally get your food out, its the WRONG order, NOT what you ordered at all. For example: order 3 poached eggs and side of bread, simple right? One may think so. BUT after paying $15!!!!!!!!!!! for that crap i get after 30 minutes of waiting: Poached eggs, hashbrowns, no bread. Then they tell me they have no bread.I ask.. weird because I go here at least 3 times a week and order the same freaking thing EVERY time! They bring me toast. At this point, Im just so pissed off, and leave. Never to return again.thanks grand lux!
4	ASIAN NACHOS: IS  A MUST HAVE!!  affordable food, great for big parties!! just make sure you reserve ahead of time!
4	Very good. After a long day of travel to Las Vegas we were looking for a casual place to have lunch. We stumbled in to the Grand Lux Cafe as we waited for our room to check in.The hostess was nice and accomodating and our seat / table was nice. The service was prompt and the menu had a lot of variety. My wife had the seafood salad and I had the Asian chicken salad.Both salads were large and very good. The seafood salad had ALOT of crab in it. The "Louie" dressing did have a strong lemon flavor.We enjoyed our meal and it was what we were looking for.Update - We have eaten breakfast there 3 days in a row......Fantastic food, service, value. The best pancakes around. (see photo's on my profile)
2	Absolutely terrible service! Very average food! Coffee machine been broken for weeks and no signs of being repaired. Tea water comes out totally cold. Twice.
4	My must go LV stop!Good atmosphere, food, staff, what a good way to start a LV trip. Foods to pick:Cesar salad; it's huge! And delicious. Eat with chicken, I ask for extra cheese & crouton piece- so unhealthy, but who cares I'm in Vegas with all the alcoholics, smokers & sinners, cheese & crouton are the least of my worry. Lol!Jambalaya with rice also fulfilling & delicious. For flavor twist try Thai/Asian nachos. Tasty but not spicy yet has a small flavor kick.Seems pricey but really the portion are LARGE. Try it, you won't regret it!
1	Whoever cooks the food during the early AM shift is in dire need of professional development!!!  I ate here at around 4:30am after an epic night on the Vegas Strip.  Famished beyond belief and very dehydrated, we arrived ready to eat!  I ordered the chicken and waffles, expecting the best chicken and waffles of my life because the menu description made it sound ritzy.  Honestly, it was disgusting -- dry chicken coated in batter that was still gooey inside, a flavorless dry waffle, and synthetic tasting syrup and melted butter.  Even I in my disorganized stupor could not allow myself to finish this meal.  You're MUCH better off at Denny's in the early morning.
5	Seriously, the shortrib grilled cheese made the 5 hour drive from the OC worth it. It was all we could think about during the drive. Super greasy. Super oniony. Super good. Super duper.
4	Yumm...its ok... fun place to hang out though.
5	(For the one on the Venetian side, not Pallazzo) I love Grand Lux Cafe! [the sister restaurant to The Cheesecake Factory.] It is definitely a must go whenever i'm in Vegas. I've always experienced great service every time I've eaten here and don't expect anything less than the friendly and attentive wait staff. This is a great place to go for delicious affordable food and nice atmosphere at any time of the day. -- They're open 24/7! The burgers are absolutely delicious and are HUGE! I always cut them in half and end up eating the second half later on. They also have yummy pasta dishes and soup and sandwich combos. My favorite thing that i ordered was the spicy crispy chicken burger; just the right amount of spice with all the right toppings and served with their tasty french fries! I definitely recommend checking this restaurant out whether you're looking for a place for lunch after shopping and walking the strip or a place for dinner before a night on the town!
1	In a word ... HORRENDOUS!!!!  That's how I would describe the service staff during my last and final visit at the Venetian's Grand Lux.   The food .... I will give it a "slightly better than lousy".I have been a satisfied patron at both locations (the one at the Palazzo and the Venetian) several times before, however, this particular visit was just truly horrible.  Our waiter was absolutely dreadful ... he was about as useless as the guy at the Genius Bar at the Apple store when you're asking for help and you happen to NOT have an appointment.  Our food arrived way way late, in fact, the people on the table next to us were being served their dessert by the time we got our entree ... and they freaking arrived and ordered several minutes after us.  Our drinks were neither refilled nor removed once we were finished with them ... and none of our small appetizer plates were removed during the entire length of service.  I realize that this is no MIchelin star joint ... but come on we deserve better than that. As for the food ... well, it's difficult not to dislike it given the service or lack thereof.  The calamari was pretty much just eating fried batter or as my friend would describe it "deep fried tire parts".  The miso salmon was under-seasoned and just plain inedible .. as well as the shrimp scampi that I had the misfortune of ordering.  Funny thing is, I've had these dishes in the past and I know they can be good ... but this occasion must've been Amateur Chef night in the back.I will never go back to this place and I advise the rest to avoid this place the same way you would an unleashed dog that happens to be foaming at the mouth with it's owner nowhere in the vicinity.  If you really feel the need to ... check out the other location at the Palazzo (it's only a few steps away) ... at least the last time I checked it out, they didn't have servers who thought they still worked at the DMV!
5	This place was great.  We discovered it on accident and were very pleased.  Everything in vegas is so expensive and it was nice to find a place with good quality food and great service that we didn't have to spend an arm and a leg on.  The server was very friendly and checked on us often.  She told us the restaurant is owned by the cheesecake factory and to expect big cheesecake factory portions.  We both had burgers, the were gigantic and they tasted great.  I plan to vist the grand lux every time I go to vegas
3	Owned by Cheesecake factory so much like their sister restaurant you habe mediocre food with higher than average prices. Mind you, not expensive but not particularly exciting. I had the fettucini alfredo with chicken which was pretty average. Their french toast had large portions (6 slices) and was tasty.
4	Note: this is cheesecake factory's sister chain.This was a good place for lunch and late night/ early morning drunk food. Our group came here for both occasions and the food was equally as good as the other. Not only were there tons of things to choose from but they all were really appetizing. The prices were decent and it's something different from the fast food court. We came to this specific location for lunch one day and we all got different things. I ordered the half salad and pasta de telefono. The salad was a spring mix and was good, and the pasta was very cheesy but since I enjoy cheese it was delicious. The addition of chicken was a rip off but I needed some poultry with my pasta so I couldn't complain too much. Others had pastas, salmon and sandwiches which I heard were all good as well.
2	The atmosphere was nice and impressive. I myself ordered the Chicken Meatloaf which was very tasty. My partner on the other hand had the Chicken Royale which was very unsatisfying. It had no flavor and to be honest the green beans and carrots that were the side dishes had lots more flavor and were more pleasing. My waiter was attentive once the food came out, but before hand he was out of sight. I probably will not be back.
4	The minute we were seated, we were served water and bread.  From that moment I knew we had selected the right place!My friends and I had dinner at the Grand Lux Cafe.  We were all very please with the many selections on the menu. Pros:-Quick Seating-Reasonable Prices-Large Portions-Friendly StaffCons:- A little confusing to findIf you are looking for a place that is a bit casual and yet has a hint of fancy-ness give this place a try.
5	Fabulous! One of our favorite dining spots in Vegas this past weekend.The place was packed for lunch on a Friday noon, but service was *snap snap* QUICK and food was in HUGE portions. And delicious. For appetizers, we ordered these deep fried potato egg rolls (~$9), smothered in cheddar cheese and bacon pieces. With a side of sour cream. I wanted to die, each bite was filled with potato-ey, cheesy, crunchy goodness. Hubby ordered the shrimp scampi ($20) and I got the Sunday night pasta (~$16). We only ate about a quarter of it before getting filled up. Like I mentioned, the service was impeccable and seating was quick. Total win-win for Vegas at rush hour. This will be our new go-to lunch place! Or maybe even dinner...
4	This spot was our savior during our stay at the Venetian.  Service was good and the food was good as well.  Killer salad dressing made from scratch and the pizza and pasta we ate was delicious.  I would come back even if I weren't staying at the Venetian!
4	Ah, the Grand Lux Cafe! What a pleasure it was to dine here with friends and enjoy great tasting food and wonderful company. This restaurant serves great quality food made any time within their busy 24hr days.  I was truly amazed at how busy this restaurant was at 4:30 AM in the morning! Thus, the Grand Lux Cafe, if defined, would probably be stated as a magnificent illumination! After all, "lux" is the International System of Units (SI) of illumination.I highly recommend anyone to try this establishment. Even though it is owned by the The Cheesecake Factory, I would like to think that this is a much nicer version of it and with more proper etiquette and service and better food for 24 hrs/7 days a week! What's best is that' it's in Vegas! Where some do not sleep but must eat!May I just state that this place has THE BEST...or ONE of THE BEST vegetarian mushroom burgers that I have ever tried! I love that they give some sort of avocado-mayo for you to spread on you bun and you can actually taste the mushrooms. Their waffles are delicious and fluffy and their pastas are very flavorful. Their hot chocolate made my gambling night a little more edgy as it was ridiculously exquisite.Great atmosphere, quick service, friendly service, and good food!
5	I went to the Grand Lux cafe twice in one weekend. it was really good- solidly good, no matter what we ordered!The atmosphere is nice, outside or inside.The service is great! Their free bread is amazing.They have a very broad selection of dishes, even on their late night menu!
4	I had a business trip to Las Vegas a couple of months back and stayed at the Venetian. A couple of us went to the Grand Lux for some lunch and the service was horrible. Our server looked like he was hungover and trying to keep up. The only thing he did right was recommend the Max Burger which was AWESOME! Ranks as one of the best burgers I've ever eaten. It was so good I went back and had it again the next day. Just as good the second time. I ended up eating there a third time trying their Indochine Shrimp and Chicken which was also AMAZING!. This place would have gotten 5 stars had it not been for our smacked out waiter on the first visit.
5	Stayed at the Venetian and absolutely loved this place I heard it is owned by cheesecake factory and I really do not like cheesecake factory at all, this place however is awesome all 3 times I went the food was fresh and hot and delicious tried the pizza mmmmm fish and chips yumm and fries with blt definitely wish there was one of these in LA
4	Ahhhh, the last morning in Vegas. Why not a nice breakfast, eh? The fantastic coffee is served with fresh cream. The benedict was the best I had ever had. The fruit is fresh and the pancakes fluffy. Modestly priced from items off the menu, and the buffet they offer for those on the run was about 15 dollars. It included breakfast meats, fruit, hash, even an omelette station.We sat out on the terrace....Well, inside the casino, but outside the restaurant, It was nice, romantic.
4	FAVORITE: Turkey and (i believe it was) Havarti We stopped here right before we went to go see The Blue Man Group to grab a sandwich to take in...we went with this one and it did not disappoint it was a great sandwich and the cheese pairing was delish!
4	Been here a couple of times before. I've never been disappointed by the food that comes out of the kitchen, the service, or the view (last time here, saw Lebron James, Donyell Marshall and their posse). This appears to be one of the favorites of my close buddy and his family as well.The Venetian hotel is known for it's 5 star service and decor, that of classic elegance. The name itself evokes thoughts of royalty and class. The restaurant almost always has a line, especially at night as this is one of the few restaurants open late night with a full palatable menu.Environment: the restaurant had the main dining hall, a couple side sections and the "outdoor" patio. All are very open with high ceilings so that you never feel crowded. Given that this is in the middle of one of the more popular hotels in Vegas, ambient noise is a given. We happened to sit on the patio which is still inside the hotel but enclosed by a 3 foot high antique gate. Perfect for people-watching especially because you have a great view of the hallway leading to Tao nightclub. The tables are a little too closely situated together (I coupe clearly hear the conversation of our neighbors) but you're never hitting elbows. If you're a larger person, request the booth seating because the chairs are designed for people with a BMI of 25 or less.Waiter/waitresses: she made several trips to our table to make sure we were enjoying our dinner. Every time she came by, she had a smile on her face. Our water cups never went empty nor did our bread basket. Overall, impressive service and something you'd expect at a more intimate 4-star restaurant.Food: I just learned that this restaurant is owned by Cheesecake Factory. That explains the decor, bread, an much of the menu. The bread basket contains freshly baked honey wheat and sourdough. The crust is crunchy and flaky while the middle of the loaf is soft and chewy, the perfect consistency for bread. The honey aspect of the wheat bread is not overpowering but adds jut a hint of sweetness to enhance your appetite and clear your palate for the entree. For the main course I had the crispy caramel chicken. Basically, it's fancy orange chicken which is served with a medley of vegetables marinated in the sweet and spicy thai sauce covering the chicken as well ad a generous helping of either brown or white rice. The chicken's crust was a little thick, making it difficult to chew. The chicken itself was on the drier side and the sauce a little too sweet. In fact, the dish was more sweet than spicy. If that suits your taste, you may want to check this dish out.Drinks: just water.Recommendation: EAT!!!
5	Everything that I have tried on the menu so far is really good. I'm definitely a big fan of their appetizers. The spinach and artichoke dip, edamame and calamari salad. Service is always great, and they always serve bread and butter. But I ask for jams with my bread. There are only two Grand Lux Cafe in town both in the Sands Properties, Venetian and Palazzo. The Palazzo location closes at 3 a.m. and the Venetian has the 24 hour one.Best place to stop by if you're fiending for good food after clubbing at Tao or Lavo.
3	Stayed at the Venetian for my vegas trip so it was convenient to pop down here for breakfast with a suite buddy.We were not aware the we'd be charged like $5 bucks each for wine glass full of grapefruit juice and orange juice. I'll wave that off since we know prices get hefty in Vegas. I got the  Best Eggs Benedict with Ham & Hollandaise. The egg was cooked perfectly and the sourdough on the bottom was toasted well too but I guess i just didn't like the Hollandaise sauce. It was a bit too rich for me. Scraping it all to the side, the dish was made a bit more edible. Perhaps the style of egg preparation is just not for me. We also got the Red Velvet Pancakes. Those were better tasting when smothered with the cream cheese frosting otherwise they were a bit dry. I probably shouldn't have mixed the sweet and savory together as stomach felt queasy afterwards. I probably wouldn't come here again for breakfast but perhaps give it another shot for lunch or dinner.  I give it 3 stars still for I like the decor of the cafe and the service was nice still :).
4	A solid brunch choice in Vegas. You can tell that Cheesecake Factory plays a role in the food & decor. Service was quick and the food was good. I was feeling gross from all of the unhealthy food I ate the day before so I ordered the protein breakfast. Great, healthy option...sometimes you need that after a night out. There is a breakfast buffet until 11 but since we were seated at 10:45 it didn't seem worth it. My friend ordered hashbrowns, eggs and sausage. The sausage was the best, not too greasy. 2 entrees + drinks = $40. I thought that was very reasonable.
3	Ordered the filet mignon cooked medium. It came totally rare, but they put it back on the grill and it was better after that. Friendly staff, reasonable prices, large portions.
5	Love the pasta dishes!
4	The Grand Lux was the only $$ restaurant where I ate in Vegas, and although it was pricier than I hoped, it was worth it. The atmosphere befits the decadence of the Venetian itself, creating a romantic, yet casual feel. The waiter was strangely friendly and paused awkwardly between questions to create an uncomfortable feel, but nice, nonetheless. Our food was delicious, with large portions and sides. The meal begins with a plentiful breadbasket. I had the white eggs with hash browns and toast, which was a lot of tan-colored carbs, but around $8.95, and a huge meal. The burger with a side salad looked good. Overall, a little pricier, but nicer than fast food on strip.
5	My wife and I love the large portions, great service and nice variety of foods.  They have a great pasta dish that I now can't remember the name of, but it has a variety of meats and is awesome.
3	Last stop before we leave vegas back to Orange County.  We went to Venentian to get these macaroons and were so undecided on what to eat for lunch.  We just walked by and my friend chose it randomly.  The mojitos are great (Calypso is good and the pineapple one).  I was told to get the cripsy caramel chicken which is like orange chicken, and it was ok but the portions are HUGE. They didn't tell us how big the portions are. The lemon chicken picatta is really good, and that literally feeds 3 people NO JOKE.  If you can finish it all you are a champ.  Foods decent, and huge portions, and decent prices for vegas.  I wish i got another dish but the food I tried off my friends plates were good!
3	Decent price, decent food--excellent service.
5	We stayed at the Venetian and discovered this hidden jewel a little too late in our stay :( it was so good!!!!For the price, the portions are huge and the food was great. Service was amazing as well. Attentive and friendly. However, we got a too friendly waitress once and her accent was really heavy, my sisters and I nicknamed her Helga since she didn't tell us her name...Their fresh bread basket is amazing, it's not just bread, it's freakin AMAZING bread. their salads are HUGE, the pasta salad combos are a great deal and the omlettes,...make sure you are hungry when you order that baby. the atmosphere is welcoming and perfect for a quick eat after a night out or marathon gambling. Dont want to dine in? they also have a cafe outside for a quick to-go kinda thing.
3	Convenient location and pretty big portions--who can go wrong w/ that?Wasn't feeling the $3.00 tea but hey, I was in Vegas and I shouldn't expect anything cheaper lol....I had the Mai Tai for lunch--was delicious!Ahmm, I ate here 2x for breakfast and I enjoyed both meals....VERY filling and the staff is very friendly!
4	We usually will hit a buffet or try a quick spot whenever in Vegas for a bite but my bff highly recommended this place and said she preferred it over the buffet's so we gave it a try.  We first looked at their menu outside and I was confused because there were all these different times noted, so I wasn't sure if all the food was offered for dinner time but it was.  The menu is several pages so hopefully you are in the mood for something in particular or you may be there awhile trying to decide.  There were 3 of us and we decided to share the small chopped salad, margherita pizza, and double stuffed spring rolls.  The portions are plentiful which was great!  We loved the salad and pizza, the potato rolls were good but not our favorite of the things we ordered.  They give you a bread basket that was very good too.  We had plenty of food and took the leftovers.  We didn't get drinks ... overpriced.  The water tasted great ;-) Our waitress was very nice.  At first we got the impression she was a bit snobby but actually she turned out to be very friendly and helpful which only helped the experience.  We were seated outside and enjoyed being able to people watch as it was very entertaining.  If you go here, I would suggest you share everything and while it's tempting, don't get too many items!
4	Showed up with a party of 30 and they had us seated in about 15 minutes.  The burgers and pastas are really good and portions are freakn huge. I always recommend the Max burger but last time I got it, it wasn't that great. But when they get it right, its a seriously good burger.It's a bit $$ but not too much and worth it.
3	Damn good breakfast. Good service and fair prices. I've eaten here a few times on my way to work a show & the food is good, servings are large and service is pretty good.
4	If you are a fan of the Cheesecake Factory then a trip to the Grand Luxe Cafe should be on your list when in Vegas. Owned by the Cheesecake Factory so you will see the similarities. Solid plates served with panache but with a comfort food twist to it. Everything you get here is big, and tasty! Menu is large, and if you can't find something to eat here then you might as well just go get a candy bar. Plus, they have those great slices of cheescake made by the parent company.I love coming here for lunch and getting the half sandwich and soup special. Also comes with a salad. Great deal for $10, and you get more than enough on the plate to satisfy. Also, many salads, burgers, sandwiches and so much more to choose from. Decent prices for what you get here.Plus, the actual place is large and beautifully decorated. A lot of attention to detail went into the planning of this location. Another cool thing is to get a seat in the fake front outside patio area to people watch. Sometimes you can see a real freak show walk by here in Vegas where anything goes!
4	Customer Service here is a joke, but the quality of food makes up for it.I came here twice during my Vegas trip, once for a late dinner and once for an early lunch.Bad customer service = hostess with a bad attitude, a table without basic condiments such as sugar for coffee, waffles delivered on a plate without any strawberries or whip creamFood on the other hand was delicious. I had the avocado chipotle burger. Burger was cooked to perfection, tasted gourmet fresh. Avocado portions were fair, fries on the side and you are golden! For lunch, my friend had the chilaquiles (delicious, but light on the eggs) and strawberry wafflesBetter than Cheesecake Factory!
3	So, I'd love to give this place 4 stars. It almost should get it, but it doesn't. The primary reason for that is that my burger was overcooked. I asked for it on the rarer side of medium rare and it came out medium well. The fries were pretty good, but nothing special. The burger was HUGE though, so much so that I really couldn't figure out a good way to eat it with company around.I would not recommend that you order the burger if you are on a business meeting!
4	MMMMMMMMMM. SHORT RIB GRILLED CHEESEnever seen this anywhere else and it is AMAZING. seriously out of this world. Ate so many places while in vegas and this is definitely a stand out.Their hot sourdough bread and butter is also greatCame here 3 nights in a row at like 3 am.... short rib grilled cheese twice. Had the chicken avocado sandwich another time which was also amazing.short rib grilled cheese. you will thank me.
2	We were craving pho after Tao but too lazy to head off the strip so we came here instead.  Surprisingly, they had their own version of pho called Zen Noodles.  It was like a "fancy looking" pho, the broth was served separately on the side and it had more noodles than meat but it was good enough to satisfy our craving, although really not worth $14.The primary reason I'm only giving two stars is because the wait time was horrible.  We got there around 3 AM, which was well before the club crowd so we were seated immediately.  After we gave our order though, we had to wait an eternity to get our food.  It was like that for all the tables next to us too.  Our waitress was apologetic and kept reassuring each table our food would be out in a couple minutes but a couple minutes ended up turning into an hour.  I get that it's busy but I can't imagine how long the wait would be for the people that came after us who actually had to wait in line for a table.  In total we were there for 2 hours but only 15 - 30 minutes of that was actually spent eating while all the rest was spent waiting (for our food, for the bill, for them to take our credit card...).If you're looking for a place to grub after clubbing, I'd recommend going someplace else like Earl of Sandwich instead.  You can get a great tasting meal in a few minutes and for half the price.
5	Oddly enough I'm by no means a fan of the Cheesecake Factory, but with the same people behind it I remained sketchy about eating here. However, after the breakfast I consumed here I just maybe have found a change of heart.I had a baja omelette I think it was called. It had loads of sour cream, veggies, and really felt like I was chowing down on a fajita, but without the meat. My wife had chilaquiles which was certainly the best I have tasted and had a perfect blend of kick, but not overpowering. We went early morning so it certainly helped with the wait time as we got seated instantly. When we finished with our meal there was a giant line, but I think there was a huge party that was the root cause of that. Our waiter was amazing and very cordial during the entire meal which created an uplifting mood. I still get tripped out by saying (in the style of Arnold) "I'll be back"
4	they are open 24 hours!!! perfect for those that get hungry after long day of gambling or traveling!!! food selections are similar to cheesecake factory!!
5	Love this place! I ordered the fish last time and it was pretty good. I've been here a few times and ordered the pasta the time before and that was pretty good also! Lunch special deals are pretty good and definitely filling. I hear the chicken sandwich is really good.
5	Great food, open 24 hours and the place is very clean.
4	The food here was terrific.  I had the fish and chips and it was crispy and fresh.  What else can you say about Vegas?  The food is delicious and fresh.  My only complaint is the service.  The server felt fake too me when she kept saying this and that is so good.  Cmon lady, why would we ask for your opinion if you are going to give us some generic answer.  They have some Asian fares on the menu but I would stay away if you want authentic food.  Just go to Chinatown on Spring Mt Rd.
5	Unbelievable Shrimp Scampi!  Everyone in our party of 6 are raving about the food. Service is friendly and very good.  Worth the time and the money. Get dessert!
3	We enjoyed a large group (30+) dinner at Grand Lux after our meetings at a conference. Grand Lux was happy to help us out with a reservation on a Tuesday night. Despite our huge group, service was punctual but no effort was made to be friendly. Water glass was full and food arrived in a timely manner.The best part about Grand Lux is that there is something on the menu for everyone. From pasta, to steak, to fried chicken and waffles; yes, your picky eater will find something. Our table ordered several appetizers, and the crowd favorite was the asian tacos. A must-try if you're looking for just a tad bit of an adventure!And although my company was footing the bill, I was still peeved that many of the drinks (beers on tap, mixed drinks) did not have a price associated with them on the menu. I ordered a plain old (or so I thought!) caesar salad for dinner. It was under the "small salad" listing, but it was definitely large enough to share between two people and certainly big enough for an entree for one. I only ate half of mine. Overall, this was a great choice for a large group because of the diversity of the menu. With all the other great places in Vegas it wouldn't be my personal first choice, but certainly it's a crowd pleaser!
4	Lots of food for a decent price.  It's not the healthiest restaurant choice, but damn is their food good....I've always like the Cheesecake Factory for really one dish (Shrimp Scampi yay!) and one dish alone, and my initial impression of the Grand Lux Cafe was that they were a bit similar to Cheesecake Factory.  I didn't realize then, that they are owned by the same company...but I digress....At the Grand Lux though, I found more dishes that I like (Ahi Tuna burger, Double Stuff Potato Spring Rolls, to name a few).This particular location was located right at the base of the set of elevators to the Venetian hotel rooms.  And at the time, being a Venetian guest, it was just way too easy to keep coming back.  Was I mad about that?  Of course not, how can you be mad at good food within walking distance to your elevator bank?I also appreciated their long hours.  I guess being a Vegas location and all, it was easy for them to open early (early enough for me) and stay open later.But I guess do to the close proximity to the elevators and their long hours, they do get full fast.  Full enough to cause 2 long lines...which I never quite understood why there were 2 lines to begin with.  If you don't mind taking the food to go (which is the easiest thing to do when the line is too long) head over to the left area which kind of looks like a cafe.  You can order Grand Lux takeout from there.
4	Perfect spot for late night grub at 5am, after losing money at the Venetian casino.  There was a good amount of people dining (and a group of loud annoying yougins), but we had fast friendly service which made up for it.  It took a while to look through their massive menu, but I was happy with what I ordered.  I got me some Fried Chicken & Waffles, which was a very generous portion.  I was bummed I got fried chicken strips instead, but paired with the honey butter, hot syrup, and crispy waffle, it was pretty good.  Everyone was happy with what they ordered, from pasta to burgers.  Great place for large groups, large portions, and late night dining.
3	After walking around for what seemed like eternity, we decided to stop at Grand Lux Cafe for lunch. Right away, the cafe reminded me of The Cheesecake Factory. After doing a little research, I found out that Grand Lux Cafe was actually owned by the same owner as The Cheesecake Factory. Figures, because their decor is pretty identical.Anyway, their vast menu really gave me a headache. There was just too much to choose from. Shrimp scampi?! Barbecued pork sandwich?! Pasta with grilled chicken, tomato, basil, and mozzarella?! Enchilada?! They even had pho! It took me awhile to decide on the Madeira chicken, which was really good. It came with sauteed chicken breast with asparagus and mozzarella, topped with a mushroom-Madeira sauce. It was also served with a side of mashed potatoes. The chicken breast was surprisingly tender and the mashed potatoes were nice and creamy. It was pretty decent granted that it's a chain restaurant. I don't recommend that you get their pho though, my friend ordered it and it looked pretty gross. The bean sprouts and basil that was supposed to complement the pho were all wilted and browned. Pho would have been the last thing she would have ordered at an American restaurant, but she wanted some soup and there was nothing else soupy on the menu. Our waitress was polite, but she didn't come by our table often. It was completely understandable, as she had a lot of tables to tend to.
4	not much to complain about, lots to choose from and so far everything seems to be average to good. open 24 hours.wait, there is something to complain about. the zen noodles, sorry ass excuse for pho. if you're drunk and just left the club and need some noodle soup, I would recommend waiting a few hours until noodle asia opens up and get their roast duck noodle soup.
4	If you like Cheesecake Factory, you will love this place!! Its like going to CF but having different items to choose from! I love it! Stayed at the Venetian 4 days and everyday found time to eat here whether it was breakfast, lunch, dinner, or late night!! Another plus is that if you are staying at the Venetian, its right next to the Guest Elevators, and in between you have Gigi's Cupcakes and that other bakery so you can take dessert back to your room :-)
4	I always come here when I stay at the Venetian (or, like in my most recent trip, The Palazzo). Convenient and open late-night. At least the location in the Venetian -- the one in Palazzo is only open reg hours.I love that their portions are huge. Prices aren't exactly cheap, but they are fair for what you get.  My main complaint is their RIDICULOUSLY SLOW service, esp during the late night hours. Omg it was so slow. We were just two girls, but it was nearly impossible to get our check paid and gtfo to go to sleep at 5 am on a Fri night/Sat morning. We were about to fall asleep at our table. Both times we went to Grand Lux on this trip, we just grabbed a table in the bar area to avoid waiting, and both times service was super slow. But I really like the food, and the slow ass servers are at least very nice. The Asian bartender at the Palazzo location was awesome to everyone around the bar. He must have been especially friendly if that made an impression through my drunken haze.I would knock my rating down to a 3 for mind-numbingly slow service late at night, but I'll be nice because it's Vegas and everyone has a great time regardless. And when it comes down to it, I am a Grand Lux devotee!
4	Last time I came here, we had a feast.  We ate pizza and some other items.  They were so good.  This time I decided to eat more "healthier."  We started off our meal with the bread.  It's always good when hungry and free.  I got the Chicken Salad Sandwich.  I didn't like how the chicken came.  It reminded me of eating tuna, and the sauce they used to moisten the food sucked.  I also ate (off my friend's plate) the breakfast sausage, hash browns, and egg meal.  It was alright.
2	This review is for their breakfast buffet. Frankly it was TINY. Just an omelet station and some fresh fruit, definitely not what I was expecting. The omelet station had lots of choices of what to add in but I wish we would have gone elsewhere for breakfast.
4	With a such a wide variety it's hard to pin point anything that really really stands out.  I've had a few dishes from here and they all were tasty, fresh, and satisfying!Place is setup very nicely and has a nice dim lighting going on.  Good group of waiters/waitresses.Food sometimes can take a little while but not "I'm going to complain long".A place I recommend.
4	Being a huge Cheesecake Factory fan, I am always excited to see it's sister restaurant Grand Lux.  I was staying at Venetian so I was glad to have this so close to the elevators.The service is friendly, though it can be slow when all of the drunks come in.  Food is yummy.  I reccommend the Enchiladas as well as the Chicken and Waffles.  On Sundays (perhaps Saturdays as well), they do a breakfast buffet with some limited breakfast items and an omelet bar.  It's a good deal if you just want the basics.
4	i think it was about 6 of us that decided we were hungry after the club/bars and stuff. so we decided to eat here at around 4 or 5 in the morning, which was convenient since we were staying at the venetian. i dont remember what anyone else ordered but i ordered the bacon cheeseburger, it was btwn that and fetticcini alfredo(for some reason i was craving that) but the waiter told me to get that burger. that was the best order at the table for sure!! thanks to that waiter i had a really good bacon cheeseburger.. but i was kind of drunk so i dont remember it as much as i would of sober. this place is a good place to go too though!! check it out if your in LV at the venetian, hungry and maybe even a lil buzzed
1	What a disappointment. :(. lets start with services for breakfast. slow and not tentative at all. We were there this morning even though they were not busy the service was slow. The server told us about the breakfast buffet, honestly they should not have this at all, because it is not a buffet's review is for their breakfast buffet and their breakfast service. They had a omelet station and fruit station. Not a good selection. Now this review is for breakfast, the server only came once to refile our coffee, before we ordered anything, we placed an order for "benue" sp.. the server told us that it will take 10-12 minutes to get it. No problem since we had not even eaten yet. The server was MIA, since we could not get any services and i Finlay saw him and inquired about our desert an hour later, he told us he was not sure what happened since the food runners bring out the food and he though we already got the food. don't you think we would have liked some coffee or something to drink with the deserts? Not a place to go for breakfast.
4	margherita pizza.  drools.  Queen Margherita would be proud.  Grand Lux has one of the best margherita pizzas I've ever tried.  The lux is one of my go-to restaurants in Vegas.  Nice venue, great service, and a very extensive menu.  I've tried their seafood salad (delish) and garden salad (very refreshing).  Their garlic infused ranch is soooo good!  I would also give their omelet with havarti a gold star.  I've heard good things about their weekend breakfast buffet, including the omelet bar.  I shall try it next time I'm in Vegas!
3	Like Cheesecake factory, except not, and in a casino.
4	So we are sitting waiting for the 7pm Jersey Boys show to start and they say it's over 2 hrs run time. Hmmmm.....we are going to be hungry at the end so I pull out my yelp app. Based on the reviews it's an easy decision and thank you yelpers, I wasn't let down.  Tried a pulled pork grilled cheese sandwich that has me salivating just thinking about it.  Also tried their smaller bites of a mini pizza with spinach and burratta.....light and savory.  We didn't want to stuff ourselves so late at night so also opted for the duck wontons.  Yummy.  Drink prices were a little steep but the cocktails had a nice kick while still being easily sippable....well, gulpable....it is Vegas!!
4	Dined here for breakfast a couple of times this week while in Vegas. Really a great place, pages of menu items but breakfast is WOW. Grand Lux omelet was my fav. They also have a $15 "express breakfast" which is really a small buffet with an Omelet station, fruit, oatmeal, muffins, pastries, breakfast meats and toast. Coffee and juice also included so a good value. Bad thing about it was the "conventioneers" who descended in masses and lined up for this breakfast so to get an omelet took forever. Coffee was great also, very rich and yummy! We did stop in at their bar one afternoon for a cocktail, I had one, okay two, Clementine Crush cocktails made with orange vodka and fresh juices, delish!! We've also been to the one in Chicago so knew what to expect and this one did not disappoint!
4	Cheesecake Factory style, Very international food on the menu, which means good selection, and something for anyone.Prices are good too, its on the cheap side for Vegas ;-PI had the mushroom burger and my husband had the Ahi salad, both were Amazing. Service was good, the only minus is the "outside" seating area is within the casino facing slot machines, therefore the decor is so so..
4	If this place reminds you of the Cheesecake Factory...well, you are right!  I believe Cheesecake Factory owns this place as well.  I remember one of the waiters telling us so.  Came here with a group of people when we were in Vegas and food is good, no complaints!  I think everyone enjoyed what they ordered, even down to the alcoholic beverages.  I ordered their BLT sandwich and it was great and delish with just the right amount of everything...and oooohhh bacon...who doesn't love that?! Crunchy and crisp and complimented the sandwich just right.  Although get your bread not toasted otherwise the bread becomes too crunchy.  Eh!  Service was prompt and friendly.  Prices are comparable to Cheesecake Factory.  Although, if you are looking for the same selection of cheesecakes like Cheesecake Factory, you won't get the same here.  There are only a few selections of cheesecakes, so don't get disappointed if you are looking for a specifc flavor of choice.
5	It'll be open after your night of dancing at Tao which is probably its biggest bonus, meaning you're not going have your girl walking down the sidewalk to Denny's on her bare feet because the stupid uncomfortable heels she wore made her feet hurt.A cheese cake factory by any other name is still a cheese cake factory.
3	I was immediately sold on eating at the Grand Lux Cafe in the Venetian when Julius said one thing:  "They are owned by the same people that own the Cheesecake Factory."  It was ON like Donkey Kong.We scored a great seat on the outside patio - perfect for people watching.  It was breakfast time, so we ordered Bloody Marys, which we loved it because it was kick in your pants spicy!  I was looking for something savory AND sweet on the menu like a Denny's Grand Slam, but surprisingly, Grand Lux didn't offer anything like that.  So I ended up just getting the red velvet pancakes with cream cheese frosting and added a side of eggs.  These pancakes were basically red velvet cupcakes, but flattened lol.  Julius had the chicken and waffles, which he thought were good, but preferred the soul food variety (ie regular instead of Belgian waffles, and chicken wings & drumsticks instead of just strips.)Our food did arrive much later than everyone else's around us, and the manager was nice enough to come by to apologize.  He should've comped one of Julius' beers though, dammit!  So Grand Lux Cafe is pretty laid back and traditional (it's like the Cheesecake Factory's granny!)  If we could give it 3.5 stars, we would!
4	It's not the most original concept or location in the world.  But god damn if it doesn't have the biggest menu of all time.  You can come here with a group of 10 people who are all looking for something completely different, and they will all get a good meal.  Burger, Salad, Sandwich, Pasta, Chinese, Thai, Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner, Soup.  They have it all, they do it well.  Huge seating capacity as well.  Exactly what is needed in this particularly location.Great bread baskets too.
4	Zen noodles are awesome at 4am when you're drunk! Tastes like pho and the broth def helps make the drunk feeling go away. The noodles are a lil thicker than I'd like...I think deep down I would have rather had ramen :PAnd the bartender/waiter was such a nice guy to the stumbling drunkards that were trying to get some food, so while the food was a 3 at that ungodly hour, he gets that extra star.
2	Their breakfast buffet is nothing special, you can get this anywhere you go.  The typical hash browns, omelet, watery eggs, fruits, yogurt, cereal, make your own toasts, bacon, sausage...which also includes a beverage.  It was only around $15 for this or you could choose something from the menu which I did another day.  Their corned beef hash was the worst I could have possibly tasted, we were hoping it would taste the ones similar to Bellagio's room service or the one at The Cafe at TheHotel at Mandalay Bay.  We only came here because it is located in the Venetian Hotel where we had stayed.  I probably wouldn't go back, only if it were the last resort.
4	Oh Vegas, the way you make me feel in the morning is less than desirable.  Luckily there is Grand Lux cafe to make me feel a little bit better!They have a breakfast buffet if you want to go that route, or you can just order off the huge menu. Portions are large either way...Huevos Rancheros is highly recommended!
3	We came here after a failed breakfast attempt at Bouchon (who serves lunch at 10:30 anyway?). Yeah, it's a glorified version of the Cheesecake Factory. The hostesses seemed bothered that they had to actually earn a living by seating the likes of us; I actually think that they rolled their eyes when we approached. Conversation seemed forced, perhaps some requirement of Grand Lux (So, where are you guys from?), rather than genuine curiousity. I can't believe the waiter actually suggested the breakfast buffet. $15.95 will get you eggs, bacon, sausage, fruit and yogurt *yawn*. After previewing the buffet, I told the waiter that I preferred something 'not so basic'. I asked his opinion on the chiliquiles and the huevos rancheros. He said that the chiliquiles were good, but an Americanized version. I ordered the huevos rancheros. Freaking delicious, I tell you. The sauce was spicy and the black beans, onions and bell peppers were a fabulous addition. The waiter was helpful at first, but disappeared before our meals arrived. What the heck? Damn you, Bouchon, for stopping breakfast service at 10:30!
4	5am Sunday morning, tired and H.O. just like everyone else - it's Grand Lux to the rescue! All I remember from that night was gently putting my forehead down on the table for a quick rest which eventually turned into a few minutes of me falling asleep on the menu. Luckily my friends woke me up just in time to wipe the drool off my face and order a Grand Lux Burger Melt. I THINK thats what I ordered. I'm not sure, but whatever it was, it was pretty darn good. Thanks to my kind friends for not letting me miss out on that opportunity. Ok going back to sleep now. (~_~) zzZZ
4	While in Vegas for Mfest with my husband we kept seeing the ads for their stacked pancakes and the tuna salad so we had to give it a try. Though my husband was disappointed that he did not get to enjoy the stack of pancakes I ordered the Madeira Chicken and oh good lord it was amazing. The chicken was perfectly tender covered in cheese and served with mashed potatoes. I enjoyed it very much. I would defintely recommend trying out the Madeira Chicken if you pop by the Grand Lux Cafe.
4	If you want a sundae as huge as your head .... this is the place!!! Whip cream has no sweetness to it...
4	I'm not usually a fan of chains, but the Grand Lux is an exception. This restaurant is owned by the same company that owns the Cheesecake Factory, but the prices are so much lower and the food super delicious.I've been to the one at the Venetian and this one is at the Palazzo and haven't been disappointed either time. Our server was great, very attentive to our daughter's dietary restrictions and very pleasant to talk to.If you're looking for a good place to eat some good food, and don't want to get caught up in the Cheesecake Factory fad, this is the place. I wish they would open one here i Salt Lake City.Eat here and you won't go wrong.
3	Ever eaten at Cheesecake Factory? Then you've eaten here. Only difference is you will pay more.
3	I came here around 3 or 4 am pretty tipsy/ drunk and i have to say that i was not completely impressed with this placei ordered a club sandwich w/ fries and the sandwich came out super crispy.. the bread was like rock hard =/ someone in my group got their noodles and said that it was a tad salty although i did not actually try them myselfby the end of the night it didnt really matter whether the food was good or not because i yacked my guts out =(
4	I tried the breakfast buffet they have and it was pretty good for the price you pay. It includes your normal breakfast stuff: bacon, potatoes, sausage, eggs, and an omelette/egg station where they make your eggs any way you like. They have assorted fruit which was all extremely juicy and fresh! they have wheat and sourdough bread you can toast, jellies, bagels, cream cheese, and assorted pastries. And unlimited orange juice which i loved because they freshly squeeze their juice and its 4.50 a glass so i definitely had about 3 of them! this has always been a favorite of mine and it still ceases to disappoint me.
3	This place is just like Cheesecake factory, except Cheesecake factory is way better. I came here during lunch with my girlfriends. I ordered the Chinese Chicken Salad, A burger and some pasta. nothing stood out to me. I think this place sucks during their normal business hours but their late night menu is way better. I would only eat here from now on only if its during late night, preferably after a night of clubbing. My friend ordered the Portobello burger. it was so good and juicy. I cant remember too much of it because I was drunk. I'm sure it wasn't my drunk tastebuds but everyone else took a bite of it and thought it was pretty good. but then again all my friends were drunk when we had it. I don't know if that even counts. =/ I had their Omelet too. actually it was a leftover but I had it when i was sober and it was pretty good. but yeah, as I mentioned earlier, I would only come here for  super late night since it is 24 hour. other than that, No.
5	I forgot how much I LOVED this place until I came back to eat here on a recent Vegas trip!  Grand Lux Cafe is located inside the Venetian on the Casino floor near the guest elevators.PROS:-  Located inside the Venetian.  That's a pro in my book since no matter where I stay in Vegas, I always end up somewhere near the Venetian.-  Place is open late!!  Is this place 24 hours?  I'm not sure, but I love the fact that you can go clubbing and come here afterwards.-  Service is fantastic!  We got our food efficiently, everything came out for our group together, and she was attentive.-  Food quality is just delicious!  I got their Chicken Carbonara and it was so creamy.  Bacon bits in there were thick and juicy.  I could have licked the whole plate clean.  Bread they give you was also fluffy and chewy.  Yum!! -  Ambiance is beautiful!  It's like Cheesecake Factory but a notch fancier.-  There is so much variety with food selection, so this is perfect for if you are in Vegas with a group.  Everybody can find SOMETHING to order on the menu.CONS:I have none!  That's why this place is getting all 5 stars from me ;)
5	MY NEW ABSOLUTE FAVORITE CHICKEN WINGS. In all certainty.Slightly crispy, piping hot, yet with a spicy/sour/sweet/sticky sauce over the top that is absolutely great.Also tried the chicken sandwich and BBQ bacon burger -- everything was delicious.Favorite late night food spot in Vegas fo shoooo!
4	I've only eaten here once, so I don't consider my opinion the most valued or educated.  However, I can say that when I ate here a while back the food was fantastic.  The portions were huge, as is consistent with the Cheesecake Factory, which is in someway affiliated with the Grand Lux (again, not the most educated review).  I ordered the fried chicken and waffles.  It was basically a belgian waffle with chicken fingers over top of it, but the food made my night.  The bread they serve as an appetizer is also pretty delicious.  Overall, a great dining experience.  I can't remember the name of my server, or anything in particular from that aspect of the meal, which is usually a good thing.
4	I came here for a super late dinner with David G, Sarah A and Minh D on our first night in Vegas, and really liked what I had:Joe's Special - a huge serving of ground beef, spinach and onions, scrambled into eggs, add avocado.  Served with hash browns and a bagel with cream cheese and jam, this hit the spot for sure!I tried DG's Seared Ahi appetizer - a large piece of super dark red ahi, sliced thin and presented with separate little piles of cucumber, carrot and bean sprout salads. Yum dipped in the soy sauce with wasabi that it came with.Sarah's Short Rib Grilled Cheese brought back yummy memories of years ago when I tried it - and Minh's Lox & Eggs looked delish! I refrained from trying the red velvet cake, but I can't promise I'll make the same decision next time - my somewhat weak decaf coffee coulda used a little excitement!Service was pretty good and the people watching at this hour was super entertaining : D.
4	soooo accommodating to our dietary restrictions!!! As none of you know, i'm back on my vegan grind and though it is not tough when you're traveling, it can be inconvenient. Our waitress was a gem and patiently described what the chef can do and what he/she can't. So I ordered a pasta dish with marinera sauce and my hunny ordered something similar and the Grand Lux margarita (order it. it's dope). Our waitress came back a few minutes later and said that the chef is specially preparing our food on their backup stoves or whatever because he wants to insure that it is completely vegan. I was super touched by that because he def couldve just done whatever he wanted being that it was peak lunch time and the place was hella crowded. Thanks you guys!
4	Created by the founder of Cheesecake Factory, Grand Lux Cafe is like a more upscale European version of it's former self. Open 24 hours, it's a great place to sober up after the wild night.It's 4am and we're all hungry. Us being Lucy Y., David G., Sarah A., and myself. Having been here before, I recommended coming here for some early morning grub. We encountered some half naked drunk dudes standing around the restroom outside the restaurant. Good stuff!We were promptly seated and I was craving breakfast. Ordered the Smoked Salmon with onions and scrambled eggs, it came with hash browns on the side. Simple and delicate at the same time. Contrast of smoked salmon and eggs together created a good plate overall. Filling enough for bedtime.  Pricier than most 24 joints in the hotels, but the food and service is better also. Keep in mind only the late night menu is available after a certain time.
4	A solid 4.5 stars......This place is great. Located in the Ventian you really can't miss it because it's right next to the main gaming area. It's owned by The Cheesecake factory and it's very similar to the Cheesecake Factory. However, they have better food here. It's really good. Here are some of the items that I have tried that I highly recommend:1. Thai Chicken Pizza (very nicely done)2. Grand Lux Burger Melt (you haven't had a burger until you try this)3. Southern Fried Chicken (melts in your mouth)4. Southwestern Salad (excellent)I'm docking them a half of a star because every time I come here prices seem to rise.I have always had excellent service at this location and enjoy dining here. The Venetian is a great hotel in Vegas and this restaurant is an added plus. This place is really good and every time I visit Vegas I make it a point to eat here.Highly recommend!
5	My absolute favorite place to eat EVER! I always tell my parents to take me here on my birthday or any other special occasions. The virgin pina colada is delicious! I think its the best drink i've ever had in my life.We always get the buffalo chicken rolls. Its my favorite thing on the menu! Yum! I also love the shrimp scampi! And i've tried a few other things from the menu but dont remember the names. They were all delicious!
4	Great place to go after clubbing til the wee hours of the night! We got:Scrambled eggs, hash browns, sausage: The maple sausage wasn't quite sweet enough, but not bad. The hash browns I also thought were too thick and not crispy enough, but the eggs were pretty good.Crab cakes: YUM. I really can't say any more. Texture was amazing, plenty of crab, delicious dip...nom nom nom!Italian vegetable soup of the day: Very salty but plenty of veggies. Good after drinking so much.That's all I had/tasted. My other friends got a pizza that looked amazing and a seared ahi tuna salad that also looked great!
5	I've only tried one dish here, but it's the best I've had of its kind. BEST CHICKEN & WAFFLES EVER!I once ate this wonderful dish 5 times in one weekend. It's that good!
3	Came here over a year ago for a friends B day and heard it was just like the cheesecake factory only fancier so I said y not give it a shot.  The food is what you would expect form cheesecake factory just with a different name on it.  It's like if you go to a subway in Downtown and then go to another Subway in Santa Monica...same taste, different location.  I would come back just because there is a shorter wait then a Cheesecake factory.
5	Great dinning in Las Vegas.Yes, its true its like a better version of the Cheesecake Factory, only you only have to wait 5 minutes for a table.I have had the Chicken Madiera, Pasta Cabonara and many other dishes here. The portions are very large and the food is wonderful. I only wish I had room after eating the dinner to try dessert.I try and eat here everytime I come to Vegas, it really is that good.
5	Prices were good, big portions, and a menu similar to Cheescake Factory with the addition of a breakfast menu.  Not super high end, but great all around menu pleaser, nice decor, and good place to hit.  Brian C. was our server and very helpful.  INDEED, Brian found me outside the restaurant after we left to return my expensive jawbone ear peace I left at the table.  Great service and they deserve a thumbs up!
5	I returned this past weekend with my bff and this place was great again!  We rolled in about 2am.  I had the chicken flautas, my friend had their rustic veggie pizza.  We loved both dishes and they were so big, definitely big enough for sharing.  Prices are great (most dishes between $10-$12) and the food is so good you will want to go back to try new things!  Instead of hitting buffets or Denny's after a late night or daytime after the pool, try this place. ;-)
3	Crabs cakes were off the hook and the food was good. I wouldve gave it 4 stars but the floor was super duper greasy like it was coated in butter. Me and my friends kept on joking about it the whole time it was that bad,.. It felt like we were ice skating lol. Mop duty anyone?
5	I love this place.  I think they're open 24/7 but I'm not positive, although I did eat here around 4am.  Service is extraordinary and the menu is extensive.  They have a great variety, almost like a Cheesecake Factory kind of menu.I ordered the Calyptso Mojito and it was the most refreshing and amazing mojito.  Also, ordered the Duck Potsticker and the Pasta with Chicken, Sun dried tomatoes, and mushroom.  Everything was delicious and fit for a late night dinner.
4	It's basically like a Cheesecake Factory (actually I think it is part of the same chain) but with better dishes IMO. I got the pasta carbonara and it was food coma goodness! My bf got the burger melt and although it was greasy  greasy, it was so delicious! Burger melt with all the right cheeses and thousand island sauce - NOM! The fries were nice and crispy. We also got the duck potstickers which didn't blow my mind but was an interesting twist to regular pork potstickers. Good spot for dining at any hour of the day... that means thank goodness it's open 24/7 for your after clubbin' munchies!
4	After making it to TAO for our stamp and open bar bracelet, we ventured out to look for food. Whaat? Don't try to tell me you'd rather pay to go in and booze! We couldn't really walk too far since the girls had heels on and walking was really not an option. After a quick escalator ride, we found ourselves situated in front of the Grand Lux Cafe. I knew I bookmarked this restaurant but couldn't remember why and thanks to the awful AT&T network in Vegas, yelping it was not an option. (I remember now that I bookmarked it because it was good for late night snackin!) My friends and I were eager to try it since we were all starving! While walking to our seat, I couldn't help but feel like I'm in a Cheesecake Factory and what do you know.. it's from the same makers!Between Mr. Dubs and I, we ordered the ahi tuna salad, duck potstickers and burger.Salad and burger were yums but you can skip the duck pot stickers-- tasted like any other potstickers! From what I heard from around the table, the burgers were the best and judging from the few bites Mr. W. allowed me, it was yummy!Prices are good-- anywhere you can eat a meal for under $20 on the strip is good in my book.  I'll be back the next time I visit Vegas!
5	I was here 3 times this stay. The service was great all 3 times. The place looks great and is easy on the eyes. And the food, very good!!!I had the Maui Ribeye with my first order. I asked for a medium cooked, but came out to be almost well done. I sliced the steak in half and showed my waitress and she insisted that she makes me a new one. A few minutes later, the chef came out with a new steak and apologized. He gave me a plate of mashed potato and suggested I try it. The steak was sweet and flavorful with their marinated sauce, the mash was magnificent. The order was so good I came back a second night and had the exact same order. I was just here again today and was in the mood for some pasta. I couldn't decide between the spaghetti with clams or the pasta with jumbo shrimps. My waiter said it was a tough choice but did end up recommended the jumbo shrimps with the marinara sauce. And again, great service and recommendation. The pasta was phenomenal.. m... m.....
3	A lower end version of the cheesecake factory.  The casino seems to use it as a substitute for their own cafe.  I have been many times and am always disappointed with the food options and prices.
4	Ok came here for the late night munchies after a typical vegas saturday night.  I was just at their counterpart early that morning for breakfast and I was extremely happy with the food.  This time around the food selection is not as large at night, which was expected but the food was not outstanding.  I would normally expect the opposite since it normally seems that food is that much better after you've been drinking all night long.  Fries were, chewy, not sure if that is the right word but definitely looked like they just came right out of the fryer.  So maybe old, not sure.  Burgers were good but once again nothing special.  I still give this place a 4 stars since service was still top notch and food was still good for a late night joint.
4	The Cheesecake Factory's sister restaurant with an extensive menu of well-priced, well-portioned international items, located near the casino area in The Venetian, Vegas. Open 24/7, this place has something for everyone with Signature items for breakfast, brunch/lunch and dinner to tapas, espresso, dessert, cocktails and late night snacks.Coffee = Amazing. Highly recommend!It definitely makes my Top 3 for best coffee I've ever had. I take my coffee black, but this coffee was so delicious and flavourful that my girlfriends did as well. Defs worth a try!We strolled in around 5:20AM and shared the Vietnamese Chicken Summer Rolls (4 big rolls for $12) - a good healthier option of the late-night options.
2	WHOMP WHOMP.My family and I came here for breakfast two days in a row, and both days we had encountered a few bloopidy-bloopers.The first day, the service was alright -- a little slow, but not bad. Everything was going well until my boyfriend found something nice and crispy in his nachos... Green onion? Nope. Charred meat? I guess not. Oh, what was this -- a TOOTHPICK?! Holy moly, that could have been lodged into his throat if he didn't catch that sooner. We complained, got the dish taken off the bill. All was well.Day two. Now, this was crazy. We got some slightly creepy server named Valerie(?), who took forever to get us water. We must have waited 15 minutes maybe, and then we asked again for water, and she tried to blame it on the bus boy. Um, girl, he's a bus boy, not your water wench, so please, after several years of experience in the restaurant industry, if I was that waitress, I would have gotten my table water right away. That's pretty much a given in any restaurant. Even horrible-service Chinese restaurants give you water faster. And then my blueberry pancakes were blueberry-less... so I had to ask for blueberries, which came on the side. BAH. The food here is just okay... I was just reading that review before mine that says that this is Cheesecake Factory's sister restaurant... and I believe it. The Cheesecake Factory is not too great, and neither is this place. It's just well-priced with decently large portions, but it tries to cater to a variety of palates, and I think it tried a little too hard. If you're coming here during a stay at the Venetian, I will say one thing -- it's convenient, and if you're not that hungry and willing to wait a million years for just alright food, then it's all good.
4	This a great place to have a meal in vegas if you are not looking for a high dollar adventure meal and want to stay in the $15-30/person range but still get good food and full tablecloth service with something for everyone. Grand Lux is a small chain with restaurants in places like Miami and Houston, a deluxe version of the Cheesecake Factory with a giant menu including European, American, and International Fare. The smoothies are good. They have lots of sandwiches and pasta and breakfast all day and mexican and practically everything else. This place is giant and actually has two locations in this casino. The location is nice. I think it may be the original for the chain. You will have a more unique experience perhaps if you spend $60/person at a fine dining place on the strip but you cannot do that every night and Grand Luxe is great food for the price (especially for the strip) and everything will be quite good. For a similar price you can visit one of the many trendy diners in the strip casinos but not get the whole tablecloth experience and you will end up with more fried food and less sides and variety. You can also go to a buffet but that will be a bad move, as the food quality will be lower than Grand Luxe, and you will end up too full when Grand Luxe would definitely have offered more than enough food anyway without the temptation to eat 3 plates of low quality food to get your value.
5	The food was greater than I expected! I had the chicken tortilla soup and tried my boyfriend's clam chowder. Both so delish! There was no wait when we went in around noonish. I ordered the Sunday Night Pasta and it was good! We definitely didn't expect to get full so fast, so we had to box 2/3 of our entrees home. This place is in the Venetian. I never wanted to try this place just because the one in LA had really bad ratings, but for sure I really only go to the Grand Lux Cafe in LV.
3	So i heard this place is related to the Cheesecake Factory... it doesn't really seem like it.  The best thing about Grand Lux is that its open 24 hours!  Perfect for hungover late night snacks or recovering next day breakfasts.  When I went here, it seemed like it took a million years to get our food.  And when the food finally arrived, the bread on my club sandwich was so hard, it cut up the roof of my mouth.. Disappointed.  Oh well, I was drunk.French fries and being always open gets this review a few stars.
4	I've been here a handful of times already and this place always reminds me of The Cheesecake Factory with the ambiance as well as the design and dishes. I tried the chicken and waffles here and I must say, its pretty darn good and I would recommend it for everyone who comes here.Food Highlight: Chicken and Waffles
4	A lot of people compare this place to its sister restaurant the Cheesecake Factory, but I must say, the food here is much better than the food at Cheesecake Factory!For starters, this place is open 24 hours and on the ground floor of the Venetian...this means that this is the PERFECT place to go to before partying/clubbing and also after your post partying/clubbing activities when you're in a state of drunken stupor.Food definitely does taste 10x better when you're drunk! LOL.In any case, I came here for a late lunch one time, and I ordered what I expected to be a light snack - Asian Nachos - but as it turns out, the portions were HUGE.The Asian Nachos consisted of crispy fried wontons covered with chicken in a sweet-hot peanut sauce that was topped with Wasabi cream and melted cheese...and on top of that, there was fried rice in the middle of the dish. MMM....this dish was pretty yummy!!In addition to the nachos, I also had a Spicy Calamari Salad which consisted of crispy calamari, organic greens, carrots, cucumber and green onions tossed with a delicious spicy vinaigrette!! This salad also came in a large portion and could be easily shared between 2 people. I highly recommend this salad as it is quite scrumptious!I would definitely come back here again to try the other items on the menu!
4	This is another one of those restaurants on the strip that you can trust will be open after dancing the night away at one of the nightclubs or bar hopping on the strip.  You can also trust that there will be something on the menu that you're craving for or just something that will hit the spot unless you're craving for something specific like sushi or pho or something of that sort.  All of the times I've eaten here was after 2 am and you can bet that there will be a line forming any time between then and later until 4 or 5 am (on the weekend).   The quality of the food and service is worth mentioning.  The wait staff always are friendly and are very knowledgeable of what's on the menu.  One time a friend asked for no bacon in her salad and when the order came she noticed that there was some in it.  The waiter was apologetic and called his manager over and she offered the meal on the house.  It wasn't necessary to do all that since the restaurant was somewhat packed and were willing to let it go, but they were willing to fix the problem.  Some of the things I recommend are the flautas (appetizer) and the pastas are usually good.  From what I remember the prices are mid range/moderate.
3	Honestly, I wasn't impressed... I'd give it more of a 2.5, but to be nice I'll give a 3 instead of a 2 because it was a nice atmosphere... I guess I just had a better expectation with seeing how nice the restaurant itself looks and how big the menu was. Our waitress was nice, but she took forrrrrever! We were there for almost 2 hours... I know part of it was because one of our party was late, but still... we could have gotten our appetizer while we waited.I hope they wipe their table really good! I hated how the silverwares were just sitting on the table, not wrapped up in a napkin and not on top of a napkin, and not covered, they were just setting directly ON the table... then the waitress just puts the menu right on top of our plate and silverware, I'm not really a health/germ freak, but how many people's dirty hands have been on those menus? and now those germs are all over my silverware and plate that I'm about to eat with! Food was OK... The bread was pretty good. My husband got a chicken caesar salad and the chicken has some fishy taste to it, and half of the lettuce was soggy. I didn't really like it. We had a Chicken Quesadilla and although it was good and tasty, it was really greasy. One thing I cant complain about was their desert... Creme Brule... it was pretty good! You definitely have to have a sweet teeth for this though.
5	i usually only come here after getting fucked up at tao or lavo...but ive been here sober so it's safe to say its pretty good here mans...i usually get the same shiet but ive picked off food of my table buddies and i cant complain about anything here really mans...it seems as if im always drunk after reviewing my own reviews...buyt i promise you i am not...oh and all the waiters and waitresses seem to have a pretty good attitude...if i were them...seeing all these drunk hoodrats with no ass and guys with no swag...id be a bitch...but they all seem to have patience...esspecially the one time i was so drunk i accidentaly dropped a plate and it broke into a million pieces and caused a loud commotion...ooo the fried chicken and waffles are good too...ok so all you people in vegas come stop by to sober up
4	great food, great service ++ corned beef hash is awesome!  as well as their pasta garlic lemon cream sauce w/ jumbo prawns, calamari, chicken flautas, unlimited bread & butter =)
4	it is a great restaurant. International cuisine, great Salads ans stakes.exelent Brekfast and buffet every morning till 11:00 amit is very safe and fast to eat here. you are not going to get sick.
3	Huge menu which makes for a challenging selection. The prices are decent and so are the drinks. The food is very basic. Don't be in a hurry when you stop by, this place is a little slow.
2	Sooooo I've never been here and had just went and picked up the old man from work. It was almost 1am so he suggested here, I shoulda been against it (since his picks ALWAYS suck) but was like ok! So we get there and theres hella ppl! I was thinking to myself, this place has to be yummy!Boy o boy, I opened the menu and was like "WTF!" ok, lemme tell you... I'm a cheap date! I think its absurd to spend more than 10$ on a meal! Even though my bf was paying I was just irritated. I really wanted a club sandwich and seen one listed.. for 12$!!!! I scanned the menu and seen that everything was pretty much 12$+ and also everything they had on the "late night" menu didnt sound yummy. So I got the club.We both got it and it came to our table... OK, when I think of a club I think of a double decker sandwich... not a plain 2 pieces of bread sandwich! This thing was 2 pieces of bread, arugula, turkey, and bacon. Uhmmmm LAME! The fries were good, but I wasnt pleased with my sandwich. I left irritated and will probably not go back!! The server was nice, and the place itself is very beautiful, but like I said I'm a cheap bastard. I didnt think the quality of the food was worth it.
5	I came here after work with a coworker; we had to wait about ten minutes for a table, which was better than I'd expected. The service was great, the food was so unbelievably reasonably priced for the strip (we spent $62 total and we ordered 1 appetizer, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts). The food was delicious as well; try the lettuce wraps!!
5	Ok, this place is just really awesome.  Open 24 hours a day?  The most convenient thing ever especially in Vegas.Eating food after a night in the club is a definite must to let all the alcohol sink in.  The food here was absolutely amazing too.  Or was it only amazing because I was drunk?  No, it really was amazing.  Since I stayed at the Palazzo, I was reasonably close, and came here to eat for a meal for like 3 days in a row, and it was always delicious!  Meals also come with complimentary bread and butter..the bread was always warm, and very soft in the center. Yum.A few things that I tried...and lovedShrimp Scampi Pasta $20This came with HUGE pieces of shrimp and the pasta was extremely tasty..the cream in the pasta was not too overwhelming and they put in just the right amount so that the pasta was not swimming in pasta sauce.  The serving for this dish was huge..we split it among 3 girls and it was perfect.Garlic Shrimp Pasta $19Also delicious, but similar to the shrimp scampi pasta...size of shrimp was considerably smaller..also came with fresh heirloom tomatoes, and some asparagus.  Over all, a very delicious meal. Chicken and Avocado Salad lunch portion $12Vegetables were super fresh, the dressing that came on the side was very tasty, and serving for extremely large.  A healthy meal to counter all the alcohol that was consumed the night before.The only downside of this restaurant would be the fact that the wait time for the food was a little bit on the long side, but besides this..it is definite a great place to eat food for any time during the day.
4	beautiful atmosphere, very intimate, and very big! Whats so great about this place is the fact that you can get something fancy like a steak dinner, or you can get chicken and waffles! It looks like an expensive place but in reality its not at all. Theres a huge menu full of things for anyones specific taste and the service is very good.
4	Came here at 5:30 AM post club, post casino.Ordered quite a few appetizers... Can't remember all of them!Worth mentioning, the Duck Potstickers, really really tasty and surprisingly filling. Ordered the taquitos/flautas .... rather bland. AvoidThis wasn't my first time here, on a prior visit I tried the Chicken Piccatta that was a great dish. The menu is extensive, something for everyone, Cheesecake Factory affiliated, you can tell by the decor but I think the menu is way more expansive and the chef does a much better job here!Check this place out especially if you are looking for tasty food late night!!
3	Amazing chicken and waffles.  The bloody mary was alright, nothing special.  But at night after the clubs in vegas, great way to sober up.
5	I was aware that this restaurant was part of the Cheesecake Factory but oh wow.. was the menu extensive. So extensive I got overwhelmed but nonetheless ordered from the lunch menu. My sister and I had the Chicken Jambalaya. I went in with few expectations and not expecting to be impressed. Fortunately, I was. It was delicious. The waitress said that fans of spicy dishes loved this; therefore, I was reluctant to order it but I'm glad I did. However, there was waaay to much rice. My brother ordered the Margherita Pizza. I tried a small slice and it was very good. Dad had one of their burgers, I forgot which one. It was HUGE. He had to eat it with a fork and knife but loved it. Mom enjoyed her Chop House Salad. However, it was too big for her to finish.
4	Great place to eat at when hungry late late at night in Vegas. Their appetizer sampler is amazing but not available after a certain time. My friend ordered the lettuce wraps, another ordered potato poppers, and I being super asian and wanting comfort food ordered a noodle soup. slurped it all up though. bonus star is for our sensitive waiter who, without our asking, made sure my friend got some hot water and honey since her throat wasn't feeling too well.
5	I dined at the Grand Lux last night and I was simply blown away. When you walk in and you look around, you automatically (or at least I did) assumed it was the Cheesecake Factory, which, to me was a definite plus.The menu is very extensive. For a while, I didn't know what to order because there were so many dishes to choose from. I finally settled on a burger that I can't recall the name of. It was on parmesan cheese toasted bread and it was made to perfection.My friend and I also had a few drinks which were great, too!!When I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely visit again!!Great service, great variety and great hours. What more could you ask for?
2	Shoot. This place is owned by Cheesecake Factory.I try not to eat there when I'm in any big city. There's few late night choices in the Venetian so I found myself here a couple times. I got a very expensive seafood salad and ate every bite of it to get my money's worth. My jaw hurt afterward from chewing so many greens. Wasn't impressed with the service here in comparison to the ultra friendly service everywhere else in Vegas.
5	I had lunch here on the last day of my vegas trip.The prices great. menu very similar to cheesecake factory.Very delicious food and great decor.Perfectly place to grab a quick lunch on the go.
1	service sucks; they're super rude when you're inebriated (not that i was) and the food is mediocre. think big portions of deep fried blah food.terrible. don't do it!! (one star because i went 2x and the 2nd time was MARGINALLY better & i can't give a lower rating than one)
5	Every time we go to vegas, we have to go to grand lux. The service is great. The food is good. I always get the chicken royale. The caramelized carrots are amazing. The chocolate chip cookies are yummy. You have to go to grand lux when in vegas or in beverly hills. Its a sister restaurant with Cheesecake factory, fyi. O, and they're opened 24 hours.
3	The food was okay nothing really special on the buffet menu. Fast and friendly service though is nice.
5	My FAVORITE Grand Lux Cafe is the one inside Palazzo.  It's open LATE and the food is amazingly good for a casual chain restaurant.  Some of my favorites:  spicy calamari salad, shrimp scampi, miso glazed salmon, and caramel chicken.  Desserts are great too - can't go wrong with a batch of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies or the beignets with 3 sauces.  It's definitely worth the money.
4	Ate breakfast here twice and was very happy both times. Highlights were the eggs benedict, breakfast sandwhich and french toast. If you are a Grazie (venetian/Palazzo rewards) member your can skip the line (altough it moves pretty fast).
3	We got seated right away on a Sunday night. I was expecting the encyclopedic menu, a-la Cheesecake Factory but the menu was smaller. I ordered the sliders which were ok, little dry and too much cheese. The service was friendly but we did have to wait quite some time before the food came out. The good thing is that the portions are huge and you will be able to take home a little late night snack for later.
4	This is the place you go to when you're either a) wasted, and hungry after nightlife debauchery at TAO or b) hungover the next morning and don't feel like leaving your hotel to get food.Everything is good for the most part. The menu here might be a tad bit different from LA's location but the selection is huge and I've never been disappointed. The carnitas rocked my heels off and their burgers aren't bad either. For healthier options, all the salads are safe bets.Never a wait since this place is huge!
4	One of my favorite late night food place.  At the north end of the strip so its perfect after going out to a club as its open 24 hours a day!  The double stuffed mashed potato spring rolls are my go to dish and I don't think I could ever get enough!  It also soaks up the alcohol so less of a hangover the next day, and lets face it in vegas the sooner the hangover is relieved the sooner the next party begins!  (or you could just drink through the hangover...but that's usually for vacation, and its tough being a local!)One star deducted cause the wait staff isn't quite the friendliest, but then again i guess i probably wouldn't be all smiles if i was dealing with drunken vacationers all night long.  Despite that it is still always worth a trip after a night at TAO nightclub!
4	Excellent for breakfasts, which is all I've had here. Tough to go wrong. If you order the short stack of pancakes, it's pretty large. They do a nice lox and bagel platter, too. Recommended, but it's somewhat pricey, but a good value. Warning: if you're meeting people, they refuse to take a list to help others in your eventual party find you. Beware you may have to sit outside the cafe and wait for them. Their management is nuts in this regard.
4	Had the Express Breakfast since I was tight on time. Good, buffet-style breakfast with some selections. Three kinds of breakfast meats, scrambled eggs, waffles, fruit, pastries, and an omelet station. The surprise were the waffles. Very fresh, crisp, and not dried out from being in a chafing dish. Perfect with a little maple syrup.
5	You see that "R" by my name? I'm a regular here and I don't even live in Vegas. That's how much I've been here. Oh, do I miss the 7am breakfast after a long night... and I just got back from Vegas a few days ago. This was the closer of the night/morning. After a grueling night with the City of Sin, we, along with many others, find ourselves here at the Grand Lux Cafe. I think I've been here 4 times in 3 days. The food is surprisingly very good! I ordered the pizza lunch special on my first visit and loved it. It didn't get me stuffed but I was full and content. Better than eating a buffet, where I always over eat and feel like crap come dinner time. Came back the next morning... or some would call it... a few hours later and had the "healthy breakfast" which consisted of chicken breast, egg whites and some veggies. I did not expect it to be good, and it wasn't but it wasn't bad either... it was healthy (understandable). Had a legit breakfast here (like actually waking up in the morning and coming here). The breakfast buffet was excellent! The selection was very limited but the items that they have were all great. The hash browns were cooked to perfection, not burnt but not undercooked. The omelets were great too. Lastly, had one last breakfast, this time it wasn't legit (due to the fact that there was no sleep prior to this breakfast) Don't know what I ordered, could be my lack of memory, or we can just blame it on the night. Now to the service. It was excellent every time we were there (and I remembered). I must say though, our waitress for breakfast was absolutely wonderful. Definition of great customer service! If i knew her name I'd let you guys know... but the entire staff at the Grand Lux is amazing. Great service!
2	Um, I didn't get the hype of this place. I ordered their lunch special where it came with fettucine pasta and a salad. My boyfriend had the chicken waffles. I think they make the pasta themselves and it was all stuck together; when this happens, the pasta becomes undercooked in some parts (gross) and there's nothing special about the salad. My boyfriend's waffle was soggy when it should have been warm and crispy.Service was good though, but the food was subpar.
5	Love this place! Went to the one @ Venetian for Chicken & Waffles after the club. Then again for breakfast. I recommend the red velvet pancakes, mocha & eggs benedict.
3	Stopped by here with my wife after seeing the Phantom of the Opera at the Venetian.  I have never been a fan of the Cheesecake Factory so I knew walking in that I would probably have a similar opinion of this place.  Huge menu, daunting really, I had a tough time making any kind of a decision but finally settled on the lasagna.  Maybe I didn't read the menu well enough, but it came out with chicken in it?  Wasn't bad but wasn't great either.  Service was OK, nothing to write home about.
4	The hubs was hankering for a burger, I wasn't hungry.  It was early, 5? We came here, and we were seated ASAP.  The restaurant is huge and it was pretty empty.  Our service was great, he liked the burger.  Everyone was happy.
4	The wait staff was nice.  They ran out of food because they hadn't been expecting such a busy day after a holiday.  But what they did have was delicious and came in huge portions for a great price for the Vegas strip.
4	Really good food! Service was good. Non-smoking inside. Desserts sounded tasty but was too full after meal and caramel macchiato which was spectabulous. Recommend!
3	The Grand Lux is much akin to the Cheesecake Factory.  I genuinely think they are related.  I usually have a moral objection to the Cheesecake Factory, but when you need to eat in Vegas, and you need to get exceptionally full for whatever reason, this is a good place to go.  My addiction here is the seafood salad. It is enough to feed 2 normal people, or possibly a small island nation.  It's like a louie on crack.  I do find myself craving it, mostly because it's not the most expensive thing you can get in Vegas, and you know that you'll never finish it.  A perfect expression of Vegas...excess, and what's more nuts than shellfish in the dessert?
4	went for breakfast when i was staying at the venetian.  it was pretty crowded, but we got seated pretty fast.  service was a little on the slow side though, but ill give them the benefit of the doubt since it was busy while we were there.  prices are a little high, but it is vegas so they are average vegas for a sit down restaurant.  i had the chilaquiles, and they are by far the best chilaquiles i have ever had.  chips were very well seasoned, tons of avocado (probably like 2 whole avocados), really well seasoned scrambled eggs mixed in with the chips and strips of tortilla chips, a really good roasted corn salsa, fresh tomatoes, and cheese.  when i first got it, i was a little disappointed because the portion looked small, but it was very deceiving because there was a lot of food in the bowl lol.  tasted great, and was almost so much that i almost didn't finish it all.  my friends got various different pancake/egg type dishes, and they said they were excellent.  they didn't finish their stuff as the portions for those were huge also.  but i would recommend stopping by the place if you are looking for somewhere for a little nicer sit down breakfast/brunch
2	What I ate: Rustic lasagnaVisit date: September 24, 2011First time? Yes.I did like their bread; I'll give them credit for that. And, I guess if you're going in a big group, there is a good variety on the menu. But I should have known to stick to simple things (like fries) because Grand Lux is from the makers of Cheesecake Factory (of which I'm not a huge fan). I tried the Rustic Lasagna with Chicken. First of all, lasagna with chicken just sounds weird, but I thought, why not? It looked good when it came out, but it wasn't lasagna. It was cannelloni. Why not just call it what it is? It had the potential of being great -- meat, cheese (how can you go wrong with cheese?), spinach and mushroom. But, it lacked flavor!Other dishes I sampled:Salmon Three Ways -- It was dry and salty.Crispy Sesame Tofu -- The tofu and snap peas were good, but the Szechuan orange sauce was pure salt. Also, I'm not sure where the "crispy" plays a role.
3	Compared to the many amazing restaurants in Las Vegas, Grand Lux Cafe is nothing to rave about. The menu is almost exactly the same as what you can find at any Cheesecake Factory, only slightly more expensive and diverse. For the price, I'd recommend spending a little more and dining at a better restaurant. However, if you're DRUNK and just walking out of TAO nightclub, this is the place to grab a sobering meal while you wait for the taxi lines to shrink! They have a late-night menu that consists of dinner, as well as breakfast options. LATE NIGHT ONLY (1am-?):-- Open 24 hrs, I think. If not, they're only closed at the butt-crack of dawn ;)-- Late night menu (dinner and breakfast)-- Short wait. I usually dine in parties of 6 or more and we've never waited longer than 10-15 minutes.-- Drunk and don't want to wait in the long taxi line or gamble?! Sober up here!-- This is your last chance to get at some girls/guys. You're in Vegas, make it happen! LOL
4	Excellent food. Prices were very fair. This is better than Cheesecake Factory although with the same theme.Loved the Mahi Mahi. The menu is pretty big - lots of different items.Noisy and too many tables.
4	This place is a win.. it has everything you could want and more. Also, i think it tastes way better than cheesecake factory even though they are sister companies. Well done Grand Lux, Well done.
5	If you are looking to win big in Vegas this is your place. I eat here every time I'm in vegas and I order the same thing: pasta with chicken, sun dried tomatoes, and buffalo mozzarella. Other highlights:Open 24 hoursLarge portionsGood for large groupsUsually a very little wait time
2	Didn't wait very long to be seated. Very large restaurant.  Felt like a large cafeteria type dinning establishment more than a restaurant.Service was good. We ordered the chicken, basil, tomato, mozzarella pasta.Decent flavors. I thought it could have been more potent.  Four small pieces of chicken with a little mozzarella melted on it.  Some heirloom tomatoes.  A lot of pasta but again not much chicken for 16.00I was disappointed with the product quality and would not order this again.
4	Every time I'm in Vegas, I wanna hit this place up for a late night snack. The food aint bad, portions are huge, prices are not bad for Vegas, big, can accommodate large parties. I think it's the same owners of cheesecake factory...but I like this place!Lots of food choices, they even have good breakfast!
4	Nice ambiance, and open 24 hours. The portions are huge and its usually easy to get a table for lunch and dinner. Since it's one of the few places that serves breakfast, you have to get there early to avoid a wait in the mornings. The food is good, though nothing to write home about. Perfect place to go when it's late and you need food before going to bed.
4	Let's be honest. You don't go to Vegas and look forward to eating at the Grand Lux. I eat at Grand Lux because it's 5 AM, I'm blacked out, but I'm too fat to head up to my room on an empty stomach (the Lord knows I skipped dinner at normal human hours because eating is cheating).It's basically like a Cheesecake Factory. All of their food is above average. Their fried chicken is actually pretty bomb. I definitely got a greasy boner over that dish.
3	I heard that its a fancy version of the Cheesecake Factory -- which it is. Their bread is way better as are their dishes. I came to eat here to get a good drinking base around 7pm, which the bread definitely  provided. I ordered the chicken on the flat bread and it was awesome. Every bite was delicious, and the portion size was perfect. The edemame we ordered was well above par. Actually, they were the best edemame i've ever eaten!Why the 3 stars then?We ordered a sushi dish and it was terrible. It tasted fish (which usually means its not fresh) and it was completely dry! We ended up sending the dish back, and the Grand Lux refunded our money for it. The service was pretty crappy too. I'm not sure if it was just bec of the corner they stuck us in, or its the overall service here, but our waiter came to refilll our cups and check up on us every 20m - not ok in my book! Oh, and the fries that came with my dish were delicious!
5	I had to plan a bachelor party dinner for a group of 25 so I had to find two places (one for each night) that would accommodate such a group without any hassle.  Grand Lux sat us in their back room which was a really nice atmosphere and they dedicated 3 servers to us, which was a big plus!  So many times restaurants will only commit one server to a large group which only leads to delays and dissatisfaction.If you have to plan a large group dinner, I highly recommend Grand Lux Cafe.  The food is amazing, the prices are extremely reasonable, and they don't require any of that deposit/contract nonsense when you try to book for a large group.  Plus they are open 24 hours a day so you can book for whatever time of the day.
4	So this place is very elegent and very nice to check out the view and to have a meal in. This place really went all out, and why not, it is in the Bellagio, so expect nothing but the best.Enjoyed a very late dinner past midnight, and since i needed my fix of a steak we hit this place. I tried their Sushi Roll and Steak w/ mash potatoes and everything was deliscious.Since it is in Vegas, just expect to be seated with some very loud people and if you do not think they are, maybe you are the one that is loud. Hey it is Vegas right.Staff is polite and treat you right, place was some what packed, no waiting of course since it is a very large restaurant.So if you need a good meal or dessert or just want to relax and sit down and chat try this place.Hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
5	Crisanto was the best waiter I have ever had in my life! I would come back simply for him! He was more than helpful and superb at his job! It is owned by Cheesecake Factory so I was already expecting great tasting food! BUT oh my goodness was the food good! My boyfriend and I got the fried calamari for an appetizer which was soooooo good! huge portions too! I ordered a Santa Barbara Chicken Sandwich and my beau ordered the Modern Cuban Sandwich! BOTH TASTED HEAVENLY! Modern Cuban is a must! Overall I would come back here before anywhere, and if Crisanto is my waiter! :)
3	Found it to be aesthetically pleasing. Too loud for an intimate diner for two on a Saturday night. Seating was quick, waiter poured beer in a glass so that half the glass was foam and over flowed onto the table. Didn't come back to clean up the overflow, but did come back to pour the rest over the top once more. I had a chicken and shrimp dish with ginger and curry, the sauce was great, chicken and shrimp satisfactory. My date had chicken and shrimp jambalaya, the chicken was dry and shrimp was rubbery and over cooked. Overall experience was mediocre, not great not horrible.
4	Great place to enjoy a casual meal in Las Vegas. It's part of the cheese cake factory chain. I only wish they had the tropical ice tea like the cheese cake factory.
1	This place flat out sucked. First of all, the temperature was FREEZING.  They explained that it was the casino that set the temperature of the place, but the casino was where I dreamed of being.  I was shivering the whole meal with goosebumps and my am hair standing on end.  It was uncomfortable to the point that I almost went to the shops to buy a sweater.  Hmmm, maybe that was the point? The food wasn't good either.  I had the Sunday night pasta (short rib sugo basically) and it was not seasoned at all and had an icky taste.  Boyfriend had an Asian chicken dish that he ordered spicy, but it was sickly sweet.  All in all, will not be returning.  I wasn't shocked that this is related to the Cheesecake Factory, but I think this place is a step down (which isn't saying much).
4	This place is great for late night... basically any hour of the day and night since they're open 24 hours. It's not very fancy, very cozy or very "Vegas" but we've somehow ended up there quite a bit.It's comfort food and I like the food that's pretty much the same as the Cheesecake Factory :)But beware that the portions are huge so we always share when going there!!!!
5	Great place to eat, drink, & relax!!!!!! Always great service, so many drinks to try, and tons of food to choose from on their menu!
2	Vegas' Cheesecake Factory, which itself isn't that great. Pizza was pretty good and sustained the 4 of us, but only an 1/8 of the 3 pasta dishes were consumed. Meh.
5	UHM OH MY GAHD.BEST. HAMBURGER. MELT. I. HAVE. EVER. TASTED. IN. MY. LIFE!!!It was sooooo fackin' good! It's a toasted with a Parmesan bun, with melted cheese, caramelized onions, and Thousand Island dressing. I want some now too. OOH! So good.I asked the waiter to have them make it well done..a couple of bites in, I notice that it was still PRETTY pink inside. I let him know, and he gave me a brand new one....MORE FOR ME :D Their ranch was also perfection. Very nice staff..good delicious food..I MUST come back for more!
4	This place is just like Cheesecake Factory. Actually...it is owned by the same company! I like Cheesecake Factory so I liked this place. It's very very similar. The menu is a lil bit different and the price is about the same. The interior and decor is about the same also.Great place to dine if you have no where else to go. But this wouldn't be my first choice since there are other places that are better and is unique to only Vegas.
4	Basically like a cheesecake factory, but open 24 hours....Located in the Venetian, this is the sister restaurant to cheesecake factory so expect it to look the same- huge venue with a lot of the same variety and eats on their menu.  Just minus the big ass cheesecake menu, though they still have some on the menu.   I think this is a good place to hit up when you have a big party (came here for a bachelorette weekend) and you just want something casual.  I'm a cheesecake factory fan so I liked this place too.*Chicken lettuce wraps- It's no PF Changs lettuce wraps but it's still ok.  Huge portion too, I ended up sharing it with others.*Margarita pizza- can't go wrong with this and it was good here.*Sunday Night Pasta- meat sauce w/ chunks of beef short rib, mushrooms, onions, garlic and parmesan cheese.  This was sooooo good!  I'm drooling just thinking about it.  Wish they had it at the cheesecake factory in SD.
1	I went to eat here a few times.  The first time, I forgot what I ordered.  The second time i ordered pasta which was decent.  The third time i ordered the mushroom burger and it was disgusting.  They had the mushroom and the meat blended together.
5	I've had a couple of meals at the Grand Lux Cafe (on both the Venetian side and the Palazzo side) and have been VERY impressed with how quickly they move the patrons in and out of the restaurant so you are not waiting in line very long ... but you never feel rushed while you are eating.In my last experience, my waiter went above and beyond. Since I choose to eat gluten-free, I ordered an egg-white omelet and asked if I could substitute the toast for fresh fruit. He said I could substitute the fruit for hash browns, but not for the toast. So I passed on the toast, but did order the hash browns. It took longer than I expected for eggs (it was about 30 minutes) and he came back to my table just before my food came out and said "I'm so sorry for the delay in your food, but I wanted to talk to the chef before putting in your order to make sure the hash browns were ok for you ... just to make sure we didn't put bread or anything in them, because I know they're not just plain potatoes."I was SO impressed that he made that effort!While I was waiting for my food, I was watching the efficient wait staff bus and reset tables. As the man was resetting the table next to me for the next guest, he was putting out the side/bread plates and I noticed a piece of paper on one of the plates (like a receipt or washing instructions from a new box of china). I wondered if he would notice and as soon as he finished - he took one last look at the table, saw the paper, looked at it as if to say "what is that?" and not only removed the paper but also replaced the plate with a clean plate.What attention to detail! I have been VERY impressed with Grand Lux in every dining experience. Kudos!
4	The service was a bit slow, hence the four stars.  However, the place is very impressive.  My friends and I walked a long way with one too many drinks in our system and needed food ASAP.  Luckily someone pointed us to this place and it was a delight.  I had the Veggie burger here and it was delish.  Other items ordered were the philly cheese steak bacon burger, which my friend gobbled down w/o the veggie trimmings of course), and a chicken parmsean.  I dont eat meat, but I've never seen a chicken breast that massive ever before.  It was huge!  My friend loved it but it could've easily been shared between 5 people.
3	Expect big portions and huge calorie counts.  The chicken lettuce wrap was extremely salty and not very good.  The bread was yummy.  I got my order to go, it was quick and painless.  You can expect to feed two normal appetites with one order so it turns out to be a cheaper place to eat if you split the meal.  It's mass market food and that's a-ok if you go in expecting that.
4	Go there quite often when playing poker at Venetian. The food is really good, there is a nice atmosphere, staff is nice, they have a huge selection and everyone seems to always enjoy their dishes. I wish they had more choices for vegans and one vegan dessert but there are a few menu options that can be tweaked for vegans, so it works . Bonus for late nighters... this location is open 24 hours :)
5	I'm only a fan because after having walked around for about an hour, famished and cursing like heathen pagans for blindly assuming restaurants don't close in Vegas, this place was God sent when we saw it was open. Our order was taken as promptly as we had been seated and our food arrived just as quick.Unfortunately, and this is a trait I hate about myself, a trait I consider a flaw of magnanimous proportions: no matter how hungry, I'm still picky with food.I can't believe this place is compared to Cheesecake Factory. I understand maybe in architecture it rivals but at least with Cheesecake Factory and their giant menu, it was guaranteed that 4/5 things in each category would be appealing. No, this place was more like Elephant Bar. The food sucks, frozen entrees in Safeway could probably prove to be better. I can't complain since it was open 24 hours and I didn't try the entire menu but we ate there twice for the sake of convenience. Once for breakfast and 2 nights before, for dinner. I realize this place was just a hop and skip from Dennys placed on a notch higher simply because of the marble floors and ivory columns. Other than that, not much different: Their breakfast is fucking amazing and that's clearly their forte despite having 100+ options, much like Dennys.Service was phenomenal though :) can't complain there.Oh and prepare for your heart to sink to your toes since some of the meals you want are only served up to a certain time
4	Delicious, perfect sized portions and prepared to a very high standard. We were seated in the outside section which was perfect as we could sit and people watch (some real weirdos walking through the Venetian that night). The waiter was polite and friendly. Seemed to take along time to get any drinks. Brought to the table and the fact the drinks aren't priced in the menu is abit worrying. We had a starter to share, 2 main courses and 2 coronas and 2 cocktails. $89 . Quite reasonable considering Vegas and the quality of the food. Would I go back.... Yes. Only getting 4 stars due to the wait time for the drinks
3	Best chicken and waffles ever!?? Nope! Roscoe's in LA is soooo much better by far. I was pretty disappointed ): The salmon piccata with lemon sauce was good, but nothing out of this world. Overall, this place is good for groups. The menu has a lot of variety and the dishes are reasonably priced. But as far as quality and taste goes, I've definitely had better.
3	Ruby Tuesday's Food is more of the level I'd put this place on.  The Grand Lux Cafe does have a menu filled with a variety of items, but I didn't think any of them were super special.  The fried calamari was just okay.  The bread was just okay.  My chicken fettuccine alfredo was just okay.  We had a party of six and customer service was good.   We had some drinks at the bar.  The customer service at the bar was good.  This bar was one of the only places that carded us in Vegas.   I don't think there was enough flavor for the high price we were charged.
4	Probably one of the best burgers I've had in the last year or so.  Totally unexpected as I was just coming from the tables wanting a little late night snack.  We got a seat right at one of the bar tables.  The place was great, clean, and had the feeling of a high quality brasserie, similar to Absinthe in San Francisco.  I got the burger with Avocado and roasted peppers...mayo on the side and no cheese.  I tell you, without the cheese you could really taste the quality of the beef and the spiciness of the peppers...and then the coolness and texture of the avocado.  The fries were good too, very good in fact, but I was interested in the burger.  It was a well made burger and a very happy surprise.  Prices were reasonable too, and the service was great!  Highly recommend!
2	I was so excited about eating here for my half-birthday dinner.  What a disappointment!  Someone told me the calamari was awesome...  The calamari was mostly shrimp... Had  a texas tea to drink $10, didnt even give me a buzz. The other disappointment I had was that I went in person to make a reservation.  They told me "We will hold your reservation for 5 minutes" which I thought was pretty rude, but when I got there they didnt even have my reservation in the system! WTF?After all was done I felt sick the rest of the night and couldnt even enjoy myself @ the club.  Wont eat here again.
4	Love this place!I'm always going back, this is one of my favorite restaurants in town!The only reason why it's getting four out of five stars is because we've had a bad experience once which THREE dishes that had to be put back in the kitchen just because they could not get our order right. But other than that any other time it's been good: the food, the service and variety.
4	I had the yummy ahi tuna burger medium rare with fries and my wife had the superb cobb salad that was enough for two people. Our service was superior with Allison not hovering over us but occasionally checking in with us about water, brought us the fresh baked bread. Although a little noisy I could hear my wife and not the people sitting next to us the lighting is soft so you can read the menu. Once we finished our dinner our table was cleaned and we casually consumed our drinks. What a delight not to be pressured for dessert or coffee. Love the service.
4	Chicken fettuccine alfredo was delish, tasted very authentic! The service was fast & friendly, we had a large party (10+) and they had no problem accomodating us. No one at my table had any complaints so I guess that's a good thing. I think it was a good all ages / family restaurant...we didn't have kids with us but I saw some in there for those who are curious. I would recommend this place for quality food late at night.
4	Great food, great service in what is a chaotic environment. Attentive and helpful with children
4	Great food and always Open even after those long Vegas Nights of having fun!
2	Service SUCKED.  We had to flag down random waiters all the time for re-fills or utensils which is a pet peeve of mine.  I would understand if you're slow because it's busy but when I look around and see empty tables/empty booths....i now think you're just lazy & stupid.My friend got a sandwich and the bottom bread was soggy (not semi-soggy), it was inedible.  I am a huge fan of chicken and waffles so anywhere and anytime I can get it, I will so that's the only reason we stopped by this place.My review for the chicken and waffles: They need to use real waffle batter (i'm sure they can afford it).  The chicken was also super dry.Would I come back?  If I was drunk and it was the only place open....yes....
4	Yum. Really good late night drunk food. Please keep in mind that this review may be slightly skewed to accustom for inebriated tastes.Complimentary warm bread served warm butter. Yum. We ordered the Caesar salad, which, for some reason, was probably the best thing we had. Also tried the fettucini alfredo and pasta pomodoro, both of which were really good as well. Big portions. If you're at Tao or XS and want tasty late-night food after, Grand Lux is a good option!
5	Oh Grand Luxe, how much do I love thee?  Let me count the ways:1) You are open 24-7.2) CARAMEL CHICKEN is the perfect cure for anything I have to recover from in Vegas.3) Red velvet cake is the most luscious dessert to mend a broken heart.4) Staff is efficient and service is quick.5) Appetizer and starters  are as big as dinner serving.6) You always have lots of room for everyone.7) Full service bar.8) I can get seated even when I am in sleep clothes.  Purely by accident of course.9) Friendly and understanding staff10) It is located in Venetian, which is my favourite hotel!There you go.  Come hungry and you will not be disappointed!
4	Can I just say never would I have imagined I would fall in love with a "MUSHROOM BURGER" and I'm not talking about a portabello slapped between 2 pieces of bread.If you've seen ground turkey or veggie patty, that's how this burger was made.  And whatever was used to keep it altogether, was awesome!  My friend had the pasta dish but it was a bit dry.  Perhaps eating at 330am would be one of the reasons for dry pasa?  I don't know...but I would stick with the burgers at those times.I even had breakfast and was happy to see that their food was consistently good overall and went back to have another burger the next day.At a casino cafe, don't expect great service nor fast.  However, the staff at this location was efficient, quick, and tried to get to all customers as quick as possible.This location has a better setup than the Palazzo so if you were like me and stayed at the Palazzo, perhaps stay at the Venetian (shorter walk) and open 24/7.  I ate at the Palazzo location and the mushroom burger is the same at both but as for the rest of the food, you'll have to be the judge.I plan to try the LA location of this establishment.  Hopefully the food is up to par like in Vegas.
4	Most people know that the one chain restaurant  I am typical fan of is the Cheesecake Factory. Little did we know that this restaurant (and it's sister at the Palazzo, is in the same family as CF). We ended up here several time during our stay due to various reasons.Our first night here, we ended up having dinner due to the lateness of our check-in and simply being starving. We had a great waiter, and though the restaurant may be a sister to the CF, the menu is mostly different. The bread here is delicious and very crusty and basically a vehicle for butter. Great crust-and great butter. I ordred the four cheese pizza and added mushrooms and asked for the pizza to be cooked "well done".The husband ordered the chicken pot pie. When our meals arrived, the pot pie was in a GIANT bowl, covered with crust and my pizza was served Roman style (oblong not round) and was more chewy then I like. A few bites in, Kevin and I switched dishes. He loved the pizza as it was very flavorful, but texturally more to his liking. The pot pie had one of the most delicious crusts I have ever had, but the innards were kind of bland and boring. I had a crust and chicken dinner. We were too full for dessert.The second time we came here was for dessert after the Jersey Boys where we learned that the dessert menu differs from the same restaurant in the Palazzo and our group was disappointed because we dined at the Grand Lux for dinner(at the P)and had our hearts set on certain desserts that weren't offered here. We did manage to order the strawberry shortcake (yummy) the key lime pie (good but afterwards a bit too tongue tart and the banana pudding with home made vanilla wafers. The wafers were the best part of this dessert, but the pudding itself was cloyingly sweet and our waitress wasn't too excited for our table of 6 only ordering dessert and water.Our third and last time at this location was for lunch with 2 of my girlfriends from high school who flew in on my birthday day. They were starving and chose to come here since they were also staying at the Venetian. We came down a bit after they had been there and had already ordered.  I had the miso salmon (a staple order for me at the regular CF) and it was much better here than what I have had at any CF with more vegetables, no butter sauce and a little kick. Kevin had the lunch  size pepperoni pizza and salad and the pizza was actually small enough to fit on the same plate as the salad. I had a bit, it was too greasy for me, but that is because of the pepperoni. My friends' had a Cuban and a Carnitas sandwich both served with fries and they both loved what they ordered. Of course the meal was served with the good vehicle for butter and yes, I had my fill.This place is open 24 hours, with a late night menu, a breakfast menu a lunch time menu and the regular menu. If this was a place close to me, I would be a regular and not have shame since it was good.
3	Exactly as described a bit more upscale than Cheesecake Factory same theme.I had the chicken and waffles - they were only OK...
4	Just reviewed the Cheesecake Factory so it seemed only natural to also review the Grand Lux Cafe' while I'm at it tonight. Went to the one in Houston several times and fell in love with it (except the high-ceilinged bus station design and corresponding noise level), so was glad to find they opened one in the Venetian...and then opened one in Palazzo next door soon after. Kind of weird to have the only two GLC's in Vegas so close to one another, but they don't seem to suffer for customers, so that's a good sign. I'm reviewing the Venetian one because we've been there more, but both locations are equally good.I agree with the majority of the reviewers here- the menu is huge and caters to every taste (even vegetarians - and vegans - three items, I think), the portions are large and the specialty drinks are quite good. My favorite items are the chicken piccata, wiener schnitzel and Thai chicken pizza...even when here for brunch, actually. A couple of items are similar to the Cheesecake Factory (southwestern salad, Asian chicken salad, jambalaya, chicken parmesan) but are presented in a more upscale manner and larger portion size. What is definitely different from the Cheesecake Factory is the dessert tray- the beignets, peach cobbler, bread pudding, various decadent chocolate delights and fruit tarts are definitely tempting, but five types of cheesecake are also served here for "traditionalists..."As a Vegas local, I'm always on alert on the Strip for the all-too-common management vibe that says "We cater to tourists- and can cut corners because we know most won't be back no matter how good the service is." We come back here so often (both locations, but primarily the Venetian) because never has waitstaff ever seemed like they were anything but glad to serve. Sometimes there can be a backlog of orders and/or customers and things get delayed, but our server has always come over to apologize, give updates and the occasional extra bread basket, etc. Four stars rather than five because the prices for some items are indeed higher than other comparable restaurants on and off the Strip, and the wait can sometimes be 30-40 minutes...sometimes at times you'd expect (weekend evenings and Fridays) and other times you might not (a Tuesday evening in December, a Monday morning in July...) But if the wait at this location is too long any given day, it's a 10-minute walk to the other one in the Palazzo where the wait might be shorter...and vice versa.
2	DON'T COME HERE SOBER!  That is all.
1	My god, never, ever again.We came here at about 11:30 on a Tuesday morning for a late breakast/lunch. They were just putting away the breakfast buffet, so seeing that I decided to order from their all day breakfast menu. My husband is a chef, formerly at a hotel, and warned me that it would probably be the worst time of day to be ordering a breakfast since the cooks are winding down from making breakfast probably since about 5AM. Stupidly, I ignored him and ordered it anyway.I ordered the eggs anyway meal: two eggs, hash browns, bacon, and sourdough toast. Everything was bland and overcooked. My bacon was burnt and flavorless, the hash browns were dry, and my eggs tasted like rubber, and my toast was cold. I would have complained to my server if I could have found her. Unfortunately after a few minutes my hunger got the best of me and I ate the crap anyhow.My husband's vegetable soup was not any better. He found several vegetable ends in his small cup, and TWO bay leaves. I'd hate to think how many bay leaves the stock pot had in it if two ended up in his tiny cup.And as I intimated before, our service was AWFUL. We ordered at 11:40 and didn't receive our food until 12:15. And our server was nowhere to be found in the interim. I think she just waited in the kitchen until her orders were up, delivered them and went straight back to the kitchen to wait again instead of checking up on her tables.The food and the service were terrible, which is a shame since when we initially arrived I thought to myself that I wanted to get up earlier the next day to get their breakfast buffet. After this experience, I will NEVER go back.
4	Came here after a long day and night of dancing on couches and five inch heels. The Venetian is so pretty and inside is this gem. If you haven't heard , Grand Lux is a chain with Cheesecake factory. I love cheesecake factory, so I already knew that it was going to be bomby food. So I came here when it was really late which means that I couldn't order anything. There is a special menu area for late night guests and i guess special seating? I ordered the pasta with sun dried tomatoes basil and chicken. Freaking delicious, yes. Weird down side to this place, was that the floors were extremely slippery, I had to ice skate myself around. And the way they seated us was so weird because we were sitting so close to the people next to us, that we can hear each other's awkward conversations.  BUt I guess that is something you only see in Vegas. Come here!!!!!
4	Wow finally we got to try some good food in Vegas...and it was like our 2nd day here...after the so-so pastrami at Canter Deli in Treasure Island, the okay Earl of Sandwich in Planet Hollywood and the awful buffet of Luxor.....we finally tried something at 1am in the morning on Thursday - a really good burger and sandwich.So after watching the show Recycled Percussion - which would be my next review.....we hit the casino for a while...and decided to walk to Venetian to try the 24hour Grand Luxe Cafe we heard so much about. And you know what? The garlic- bleu cheese burger and fries were amazing.....even my slow braised short rib grilled cheese sandwich hit the spot. I have overloaded on bad white carbs yesterday and today but this was one of the times it was more worth it...and I'll do it again! =) service was wonderful and woohoo for 24hr restaurants that are GOOD!  It's far from our hotel but well the walk was worth it =D definitely recommend this place for some late night munchies and dining. =D I just wish had a bigger appetite to try their other dishes...which I heard everything on their menu is pretty good. The bill came out to be around $30 bucks for two and definitely much more satisfying than the places we have tried so far.
4	I had no idea this place had ties with Cheesecake Factory. Our group came here two nights in a row simply because it was convenient, reasonably priced, and open 24 hours. Had their chicken and waffles during the first visit. The chicken was perfectly crisp and juicy; the perfect compliment to the light and fluffy waffle. I wish I had been able to finish it. For night number 2, I had developed a strange craving for soup. Had a generous bowl of the vegetable and loved it from the first bite to the last. Probably some of the best veggie soup I've had...ever. Might have been the alcohol talking, but I stand by my judgement. Will be in Vegas a few more times soon, so I'm keeping this place in mind if I need a late night fix.
2	My sisters said that Grand Lux Cafe at the Palazzo was super yummy so right after checking into the Venetian, we went straight to Grand Lux in the Venetian. The food was okay but nothing to write home about. Home salad dressing was pretty good. HOWEVER, we did NOT get complimentary bread. Is it only for certain foods? or did I get cheated of some free stuff? I was also quite peeved that we waited 35 minutes for our food. My parents only got the sandwich/salad/soup special which doesnt take 30 min to make! No one came to check up on us until I was obviously upset, crossing my arms and made the grumpiest face ever.
4	Good food good coffee.
5	I am not usually into chain restaurants like this during trips.  I actually go here for breakfast and late night dining every-time I am in Vegas. Service is good. Hope they keep up the good work.
1	After 54 min from checking in on facebook, the food just came, even though 5 tables next to us each with 5 people on, got their foods 15 minutes ago. This place will not be visited by me again. This will be awarded the ESHEG award. Coming soon on www. ESHEG.com
4	One of the best veggie bugers ive ever had!  YUMMMM and the fries are good too!! thank god its 24 hr!
5	I LOVE The Grand Lux Cafe. I think that it is, HANDS DOWN better than the Cheesecake Factory. I didn't know there was a Grand Lux at this hotel but luckily my best friend spotted it on our way to our room. Naturally, after driving to Vegas (we were only coming from Los Angeles) we were hungry and thrilled to had found a Grand Lux.All the food was as delicious here as it is at the location in Los Angeles.Our waiter was friendly. He didn't seem to have very much personalities, he seemed like one those waiters who wanted to keep the dignity of the place. The decor is as if its such a fancy place, and he acted as if he knew he worked for a GRAND establishment and he was keeping up the proper persona. Nevertheless, he was very friendly and listened properly to our order.I'll be back Grand Lux, I love you!(btw we ordered the same thing we always do - the breakfast sandwich)
4	For those who don't know, this place is owned by the same people that own Cheesecake Factory (the decoration looks almost identical). Huge servings with great food. Their breakfast buffet looked quite fresh with your usual items to choose from.
5	A dream come true for night owls.  High quality food served all night for a decent price in a vary posh setting.  The service was great too.  Our server, a real sweetie, gave us lots of attention and the manager stopped by to help us figure out what to order off the excellent and creative menu. They are open till 6 in the morn', so no need to settle for some greasy diner.  Perfect score!
2	This place is all right.Asian Pear Martini: deliciousCalamari: I found this interesting, because the pieces I ate were the most unchewy calamari I've ever had. However, most everyone else had difficulty chewing theirs off the same plate. I'm suspecting some mixing of fresh and not-quite-so-fresh product...Asian Nachos (I think??): Very tasty, and had sesame seeds! (YAY!)Maui Marinated Ribeye: Bad cut of meat. Cut too thin to easily cook medium-rare, so it didn't have the right texture. Marinade was overpowering (Yeah, I get that it's marinated, but yuck.) The mashed potatoes were good, but nothing out of this world.Decent prices. Service was great if you were drinking. Switching to water meant no refills. Blam.
5	It's 4am and you just left XS, drunk, giggly, confused, tired...but most of all hungry. We tried to go to the GLC in the Palazzo but it was closed!! So we ventured to the one in the Venetian that is 24/7.Valerie G. and I were craving some carbs, so we decided to share the "Pasta With Grilled Chicken, Tomato, Basil & Mozzarella". I'm sooo glad we shared because the portion size is gigantic. We don't remember much (in fact it took about 10 minutes for us to correctly remember what we ordered) but what we do remember is that the pasta was amazing and totally hit the spot. Also the waitress was super nice and non-judging. Definitely a great (and possibly only) place to get some late night food especially after a night of BUR and pineapples...;)
5	The food was fantastic... The only thing better than my Asian Nachos was Julian, our server. I will come back and make sure to be seated in his section. 5 Stars
3	Came here three in the morning. Food was okay, nothing spectacular. Not worth going out of the way for.
4	Our waiter was so so friendly, Thai sticky chicken wings were meaty and gooey as they should be. And the duck pot stickers, mmmmmm!I highly recommend the burger with pastrami.. after a night in Vegas, this this is so amazing.. all your dream s come true..dreams you didn't know you had! Salads are fantastic!I loved this location inside the hotel/casino and was surprised how much more I loved it compared to the other  one I have been going to all these years in the building. This one is a little out of view so it isn't crazy busy, which equals no insanely unreasonably long wait for seating, waiter, and food. YAY Good find!
5	Definitely get the Pasta with Chicken, Tomato, Basil and Mozzarella dish. It was so flavorful and light at the same time. Pasta lovers what a delight! My fiance got the Caramel Chicken dish. This was his favorite until he tried mine :)
3	Grand Luxe's strategy seems to be to replace quality with portion sizes.  Everything here was mediocre.  Bread was dry and flavorless.  We shared a chicken pasta dish in a red sauce.  The pasta was surprisingly cooked to perfection.  Just to be overwhelmed by the sauce.  Oh, so close yet so far.  Shaking beef and caramel chicken combo was ok.  Chicken's taste was overwhelming and nothing special.  The beef was quite good but, in total contrast to everything else at this place, gave a tiny portion. My family loves this place so I will probably be back. Unfortunately.
5	The Grand Lux Cafe in the Venetian is amazing!!! The vibe of the place is really inviting and artistic. The service was really good and friendly. The sour dough bread with vinegar and olive oil is a great appetizer to start off with and it's free. This place is owned by Cheesecake Factory, but it's a step up in quality and price. Positives: The appetizers are just as good as an entree lol . We had some shrimp and fried calamari. The fried calamari came in a huge portion and it really filled us up. We didn't even finish it. The entree that I had was Fish and Chips. I know that you can never go wrong with Fish and Chips, and I was right about the quality of it. It was 4 nice big pieces of Alaskan Cod with fresh hot fries. Their Buffalo Wing Chicken wrap is good too. Negatives:It did take quite a bit of time for our food to come, but they did come at one time. My brother's filet mignon was kinda well done rather than medium like he wanted, but they did offer to take it back and re-do it but we were in a hurry. The price is what it is in terms of a fancy restaurant, but hey, it's Vegas and you want to eat like kings. Aside from the negatives, I still give this place 5 stars for the quality and service. We were never left in the dark in terms of needing service from our waiter. There are only 3 Grand Lux Cafes in the country, so they do have good standards and quality.
2	I usually go to the Grand Lux Cafe in the Palazzo, but since I was with a different group of friends this time, we went to the Venetian.  I can honestly say that I did not really enjoy my seared ahi salad.  :[  (Sad to say).  It might have been how it was presented on the plate as it wasn't at all how I would have pictured it to be.  I should have just stuck to breakfast food that day since they were having a breakfast buffet until noon or 1 pm.  The service was still good, but I wasn't impressed by the food.  I'm going to stick to the one at the Palazzo from now on.
4	The better sister between the two of Grand Lux and Cheesecake factory. Sad to say this about a chain, but this is one of my favorite restaurants. Another major plus about Grand Lux is that they're open 24 hours. Probably the best classy food you can get at 3 in the morning. Nice ambiance and pretty decent service overall. The best way to describe the food is traditional with a modern twist. Asian nachos- love the combination of crispy won tons and all the awesome toppings that come with it like chicken and wasabi cream. I tried the banana pudding and it was amazing as well. The banana pudding wasn't too sweet and it also came with chocolat dipped bananas sprinkled with peanuts. The vanilla wafers that came with it tasted home made, which I loved! I heard the caramel chicken is tasty. I will have to order that next time I'm there. The Beignets is probably my favorite dessert but they do not offer it at this location and only at the Palazzo one.
4	Grand Lux Cafe isn't your typical cafe with the typical diner type items. It's actually a classier looking restaurant that has a huge resemblance to Cheesecake Factory. And after speaking to our waitress, we found out they had the same owner. The food is similar too but in my opinion, the quality is much much better here at the Grand Luxe. For appetizers, the BF and I shared crabcakes which were sooo sooooooo goood! Loved the dipping sauce that came with it and the crabcake itself had perfect texture and flavor. Couldn't remember the cocktails we had but we loved them too - got us a pretty nice buzz going even before our main course.For our main dish, I ordered the Miso Glazed Salmon and the BF had the Pasta with Chicken, Sun-Dried Tomato and Mushrooms tossed lightly in a garlic, creamy, parmesan cheese sauce. Both were superb in taste! Best part about this place? It opens 24 hours! Woooohoooo! Definitely a big plus when we stay at the Venetian! Helps with my usual late night munchies =)
5	This is a sister restaurant to Cheesecake Factory so the menu is pretty much the same. I've been coming here for years. We would drive in at 11pm and head straight over for a great late dinner. We love the service here, although the last time I was here they sat us in the patio... wrong move. It's in the casino so, smokers keep walking by and it's more noisy. No patio seating unless you want to people watch and don't mind the smoke. If you're there for Brunch get the Blood Orange Mimosa, Peach Bellini,  and the Brioche French Toast with strawberries... YUMMY!! We love the Chicken Enchiladas and The Crispy Carmel Chicken is my hands down favorite although, it doesn't taste anything like Carmel. Sweet & spicy crispy chicken would be a better name. The Pasta with Chicken, Sun-dried Tomatoes and Mushrooms is also very good.
2	Went to the Grand Lux Cafe around 3AM after a great night of partying in Vegas. Walked in and noticed greasy and slippery floors. Out of curiosity, noted this to the staff and they acknowledged that it was a problem. Dinner - nothing to write home about. It was OK. Not very flavorful - bland. As were leaving, we made a friendly and light-hearted comment to a gentleman, who appeared to be the manager, regarding the slippery and greasy floors. The irate and condescending response was not something I was expecting. Apparently the grease makes it way from the kitchen on the serves shoes. I have NEVER seen this before. If you go there, out of desperation for food late night, please don't ask any questions regarding the place - or risk the wrath of some irate manager.
4	Went here after finding out that the palazzo one was closed for the night. The burger is HUGE!!! Pretty yummy too after a night of dancing!
4	Cheesecake factory-like restaurant.  I wouldn't say they have the best food, but it's good for what you pay for.  I would really give this more of a 3.5 star.  First time I was here, I wanted some comfort food that reminded me of home since we didn't check into the hotel till 2am!  I ordered their Zen Chicken Noodle Soup ( americanized version of pho).  Let me say, not good! The dish was presented nicely, with the soup coming out separately in a saucer, but I was very disappointed with the taste of it.  The chicken were all sliced chicken breast.  Ugh, I should've known better not the order noodle soup here.  I mean, some of their other Asian dishes are good, so I wanted to give it a try.  Nope, wrong! However, the server recommended the crispy shrimp and chicken rolls, which tasted excellent!  It was hot and crispy, and had a side of a tangy sauce.  Recently came here again and we ordered he rolls again, along with an order of their oversized burger and 2 pastas.  Dinner was delish and cheap! Left as a happy camper and would most likely come back again if I was staying at the hotel.
4	One of my first trips to Vegas, I somehow ended up here with friends and really enjoyed the Crispy Caramel Chicken. It comes in a large serving size, enough to easily fill up two people. Later that trip, I ended up back at the Grand Lux Cafe and again, endulged on the same Crispy Caramel Chicken. My most recent trip to Vegas (3 years later), I once again couldn't pass it up. As I expected the memory of the dish exceeded it's actual quality, but it was still pretty tasty and reasonably priced. This restaurant does a great job of accommodating large groups, the food comes out fast and is easy on the wallet.
5	We ate here 4 times during our most recent Venetian stay.  Everything was great:  Cobb salad had fresh chunks of chicken, the chicken salad was excellent, service was good.....reasonable prices.  They're owned by Cheesecake Factory so it's that style of experience.
4	Cheesecake Factory owned and operated (i believe). I usually end up here once or twice a trip after drinking as it is one of the only places open late at night. But for some reason it always hits the spot, maybe it's the big portions, but yea. Food is decent not gourmet, it's cafe food think of any other cafe in another vegas hotel it's the same type of food, but this IMO is better than most other cafes.
5	I love this place. It's 24 hours with great food and good service. I love the seared ahi appetizer and the volcano shrimp
2	I'm a fan of Cheesecake Factory but I don't think this place is that good... If you are a fan of Cheesecake Factory, go there instead.
5	Best food on The Strip. And the bartenders? Fabulous.After a corporate dinner at Sushi Samba and drinking, er, a few, everyone started gambling in the casino and I wanted a burger. Grand Lux was the closest restaurant, and thank the food gods it was-they have the best. burgers. EVER.At one in the morning I had the mushroom burger, and it was amazing. Came back 16 hours later and had the mushroom burger again (this time with a salad instead of fries-aren't you proud of me?) Came back again the next night for dinner and had the bacon cheddar burger. Outstanding. The fish tacos were also stellar, and my husband loved his avocado burger. Drinks were amazing too-I recommend the caramel apple and chocolate martinis. They are worth the splurge, trust me.Menu is huge and would have loved to try their brunch, but couldn't make it a 4th time with our flight. When I come back to Vegas, guess where I'll go?
3	Grand Lux Cafe is a good place to eat if you are indecisive on what to eat because they offer an extensive list of dishes. You want steaks, got it. You want Asian, got that too. You want Cajun, yessir!I had the Rib Eye steak with whipped potatoes and it was decent. It's not the best Rib Eye I've ever had, but for the price, it was tasteful. I requested a side of horseradish and mixed it in my whipped potatoes. Man, it was bomb...gave it a lil' spark (no pun intend), which I like.I stay at Venetian/Palazzo on most of my visits to LV, so Grand Lux Cafe will always be an option.
3	Just another typical American restaurant you can find in Los Angeles. Sister of Cheesecake Factory. If you have time, go to a nice restaurant you cannot go anywhere else besides vegas. Grand Lux saved us because we needed a quick meal before we went out. We were staying at the Venetian so it was convenient. The food is the same as the Grand Lux in Beverly Hills. We have a group of 9 and they sat us in about 20 minutes. The wait was quite long for it being already 8:30pm. I would def recommend this place if you want late night food. They do have a late night food menu esp for those who get the munchies in the middle of the early morning after drinking/clubbing.The food took a bit long to come out. I got the mushroom soup and it was just okay. A bit salty. Wouldn't come here unless I was desperate to eat. So many places to eat on the strip!
4	We weren't sure where we wanted to have breakfast, but my husband stated he just wanted to have a good ol' standard breakfast. Nothing frou-frou. We settled on the Grand Lux, thinking it would be adequate and standard fare. It was... but BETTER! The food was very good, the wait staff was attentive and we thoroughly enjoyed the meal. The wait was not as long as the line indicated it would be either. We're glad we stopped by for our "standard breakfast."
5	I love to eat here. The place looks good and they give good portions. I wish they would bring back the Chicken Venetian dish it was my favorite. You got to watch out that they include the tip in the bill sometimes. There shrimp scampi is yummy.
4	Went to both the Venetian and the Palazzo location. This one is the only one open 24 hours, with a 24 hour bakery where you can get great desserts and the regular menu items to go. Don't go to the front desk for to-go orders!This place reminds me of Cheesecake Factory, which is nice feeling kinda nice going to get food after a drunk night at 3 in the morning. They seated us pretty promptly the first night we were in Vegas around 3, got us drinks, and our orders were taken right after. Props on the service, especially the water guy, I never had a glass half empty, good for good mornings after. Got the deluxe burger, Just a normal burger with lettuce onions tomatoes and chipotle mayo with fries. It did take a while to get all our orders out, bread could only last us so much, haha. But the burger was bomb, and the fries, and my friends really enjoyed their food. they do have so very decently large portions, pretty sharable, so head up if you're not starving. Prices are cheesecake factory prices, so don't expect to get like 3.99 steak and eggs. For my burger and fries it came out to about 12 dollars with tax and gratuity. To go is really worth it since you get the same thing without paying gratuity. a little longer wait, but still the same quality food. Got the deluxe burger again, and they give you more fries to-go. I'm down!Definitely hit this place up f you're near the Venetian and need a late night meal. Hella good!
2	I thought this was the upscale Cheesecake factory?  The menu is underwhelming and the food is mediocre diner quality.  The need to redo the menu at this place and hire new cooks.  They are better off just putting a cheesecake factory in here.
4	One of my favorite places to eat at the Venetian in Vegas! Because I'm super bored, I shall recite a little poem for you:The ambiance is sublime, and your food is simply divine.The service can be a little slow, (-1 star)you'll probably be so hungover you won't even know,or notice because the breakfast buffet,is probably cheaper than Mandalay Bay's.Pastries, bacon, omelettes made before your eyes,"Is this heaven?!" you start to cry."No!", I must disagree,"You haven't even tried the fried buffalo rolls with cheese."The restaurant is open 24/7,am or pm, come at 11!Or go to the side that's enclosed,and order your scrumptious food to go!
4	late night nom noms, you are my saviorPROS:open late! pretty wide selectionCONS:took a while to get our food (granted it was a table of 8), but could've been cause i was starving...WHAT I ATE:- Asian Nachos: wonton chips with chicken, fried rice, drizzled with peanut sauce...and something else too.  but this was pretty delich. there was a little too much peanut sauce, but the portion was a pretty good size (shared it with a friend), and it was different- Brocolii & Cheddar Soup: i had to get this, cause i hardly find this at home (hawaii), and it hit the spot for me that night. not too cheezy.  i like mines with chuncks of brocolii (which it lacked), but it was still really good- Pizzas (i didn't eat this but my friends did): good size...you'll be full or definetly good to share.WHY HERE FOR YOUR VACA?:i wouldn't suggest it as "OMG you have to go here", but if you want that late night snack after tao, this place will be open, and you probably won't have to wait for a table.
5	Came here for a late breakfast/early lunch and was thoroughly impressed. This place is HUGE! So many cavernous twists and turns once you actually enter, so don't let any line outside discourage you.They have a ~16 dollar breakfast buffet, filled with standards such as omelets, bagels, jams, breakfast meats, etc.., but I had the lunch offerings. The Modern Cuban sandwich looked appetizing, so I ordered it and GOOD LORD it was huge, just like everything else in Vegas, except me if you get my drift : ( . AND THAT WAS THE LUNCH PORTION!The flavor was out of this world, too. Prosciutto, roast pork, Swiss cheese, and a sort of jalapeno mayo sauce made this sandwich delicious. My only complaint is that it was way too greasy, but luckily the flavor more than compensated. The fries served alongside it were pleasant as well - crispy and not too salty.My girlfriend had the lunch portion of some sort of Asian-inspired salad, topped with crunchy noodles and peanuts. I must say, I am afraid to know how big the "dinner" portion is... The salad was fresh-tasting, probably owing to the cilantro, and had good textural contrasts between the soft leaves and the crunchy noodles and peanuts.Another complaint besides overly-greasy sandwich is a general complaint I've noticed of Vegas eateries: overpriced juice drinks. You can get a sandwich that will feed a multi-generational south Vietnamese family for a fortnight for less than a nice T-shirt, but a small glass of fresh-squeezed juice will run you almost $6. Oh well. FOOD'S STILL GOOD GIT'R DONE.
4	Quick spot to get lunch during the Conf Cobb salad with Margarita
4	Feels like the Cheesecake factory back home! Good selection of by the glass wines and food.  Great service and value.Avoid the breakfast buffet.
5	You can tell me I suck for loving the Grand Lux Cafe, but I don't care! Judge me all you want, my feelings will not change despite your negative stares and belittling words. I am a devoted follower! While staying at the Venetian this restaurant became my favorite stop every single day. Like Vegas, it's open 24 hours a day so whether it's breakfast, lunch, dinner or you're completely sloshed at 3 am, the Grand Lux will be there welcoming you with open arms. If you've never been to the Grand Lux it is essentially an upgraded Cheesecake Factory with a slightly different menu. Same 471 page food and drink menu which takes a good 30 minutes to read through. My favorite thing to order is the pot roast with mashed potatoes as I like to pretend that June Cleaver is my mother and she's whipped me up a beautiful meal. My last memory of the Grand Lux Cafe is actually the inability to remember eating there. I woke up in my hotel room after a crazy night of clubbing for my friend's bachelorette party and groaned out loud: Me: "I'm soooo hungry! When are we going eat?"My girlfriend: "How can you be so hungry? You ate so much at Grand Lux!" Me: "We didn't eat at Grand Lux Cafe last night." My girlfriend: "Uh yes we did, you had two strawberry waffles and a pot roast." Me: "What?! And I don't remember a thing!" (Slaps hand to forehead)Me: "Want to go there again for breakfast?"My girlfriend: (Slaps hand to forehead)Yelp 365 Challenge: #173/365 (The Forgotten Meal)
3	If you like Cheesecake factory, you will like this place. Ambiance,decor, mass of people, the feel and the extensive menu to choose from. Ordered the Lux breakfast sandwich which came with bacon, ham, havarti cheese on brioche bread! YUMM!! You can also order a quick breakfast buffet for $16.50 which will cover omelette station, breakfast meats, fruit, hashbrowns, waffles (not bad) and the PASTRIES! These are made in house and are really good. Coffee is $3.95, but all places charge about that amount, but the quality is above any breakfast pastry I have ever had. Service is quick to get you back to the gambling floor.
5	Love, love, LOVE this place. Great waiters, nice place to eat, and AMAZING food. Recommendations for the Venetian location:Calamari: to this day, still hands down the best calamari I've ever had. Spaghettini + Clams dish: really really good! Simple ingredients, amazing flavor. Vegetable Pizza: yummy yummy in my tummy!Only "Con"They don't serve the molten chocolate cake here! CHOICE: Venetian or Palazzo?The Palazzo location has a better dessert selection, but the overall food quality and portions are better at the Venetian. Go to the Venetian unless you desperately need to have that molten chocolate cake :)
4	love the slow roast pork burger yummmy~!
4	please be aware that there are 2 grand lux cafes. one located at the venetian side and one located at the palazzo side. this is an excellent choice for breakfast (assorted pastries with drink).. FOR FREE! yes that's right i said FREE. i received enough free breakfast coupons at check in from the front desk for all 4 of us in my group to eat here every morning we stayed at the venetian for 5 days. this one is locatred on the first floor right by the phantom of opera theatre. we came here twice for breakfast (wasted the other coupons, sigh) and had the continental breakfast (valued at $8 per person on our bill but was $0 for us). it came with a drink selection and a small fruit dish with 3 assorted pastries that changed based on the day you came. the coupon also gave me an option of eating the buffet breakfast which would have been $10 a person with the coupon. the lines are never longer than a 10-15min wait although it may look like a super long wait, but that's also because i was here off season in december before the holidays. i think they have a line separate for grazie members although i didnt discover that til after eating there. (free to join). we just left tip based on the value of the breakfast. cheapest/best way to eat breakfast in vegas!
5	Seriously delish! The waiters are super friendly and fast. The food was yummy and fresh and it's owned by the same people that own The Cheesecake Factory so you know the menu is huge!  The cheeseburger I had was cooked to perfection and the fries were killer. We ordered several drinks for the table and I can say without a doubt that their alcoholic mixed drinks are all delicious but the Limoncello Lemonade is sooo good! It was a nice ambiance overall and the perfect setting for my best friend's 31st birthday party.The only con that I had was that the cupcakes on the "Build your own cupcake" menu are all chocolate. It would be nice if they had a vanilla option too.
5	One time when we stayed in Vegas for 5 days, we ate at the Grand Lux 4 times.  Yes, it's that good.  Not only is the food scrumptious, but the menu is as large as the average American.  It's causal, flexible, and you can have whatever you like, however you like it, whenever you like it.  Poached eggs and a burger at 2AM?  The Grand Lux can make it happen.The food at the Venetian location tastes noticeably better.  We had the Manhattan salad here once and the shrimp came juicy and grilled (which wasn't the case at the Palazzo location). My recommendations include the sliders, the miso salmon, the grilled veggie pizza, Chipotle avocado burger, the spaghettini with clams, and the calamari.  The calamari merits its own sentence--we're talking squid, rock shrimp (think mini shrimp tempura), zucchinis, and onions.  For the price, it's basically the best calamari you'll ever get.Now, the Palazzo location has better desserts (the dessert menu is almost entirely different).  I highly recommend the molten chocolate cake (see my pictures and you'll know what I mean).  The Palazzo location, at least during the afternoon, also had a smaller menu listing mini appetizers (around $5 or so).  We tried the haystack which was similar to the regular calamari appetizer, but stripped of the seafood--just onion strings and zucchini slices.  The result? A vegetarian delight and now one of my new favorite fried appetizers to get!  We went to the Venetian Grand Lux the next day hoping to order the same thing, but alas, no mini appetizers there.
5	I ate the Grand Lux Cafe located in the Venetian for brunch awhile ago and thought it deserved a good review. I was there with a group of about 15 people and the service was excellent, even though we had a large party they were quick to keep us entertained while getting our food out promptly. I ordered the Seared Ahi Salad and it was amazing! I don't recall what everyone else ordered, but there we no complaints about the food! I shared an oreo cheesecake type of desert with a friend and that was wonderful as well! Our waiter was the nicest guy. He thought one of the girls that was with us was cute, he brought her out a cute little dessert with some strawberries. Definitely plan on eating here again!
3	the service was meh... the food was made well.. nothing too special or  original about this place just so well make food..we had brunch it was nice to eat at a nice restaurant.. prob wont be coming back but not a bad place beside the place our  food on another person table... next to us... and they said it wasn't there so we took it they just remove the garnish but still.. not very good service but they did ask it we wanted remade.. we had a busy day so we didn't want to wait again..
3	Late-night meal fix (and I mean MEAL) with an extensive menu. I don't understand why but there's only one guy working the front when the demand is clearly high. This means we waited about half an hour for our food.But we were hungry at 4am. The burger my friend had boasted a patty that was an inch thick. At least. Another friend ordered a shrimp scampi with scarily large shrimp and my omelet had a 10-inch diameter...and we ate it all.Delicious but the wait during such a crucial time of need resulted in the docking off of 2 stars. Oh and it's pretty expensive for drunk munchies. Pro tip: The premade sandwiches are freaking DELICIOUS and only about $7, which is the best deal on their menu.
2	I've eaten at 2 different locations now (Las Vegas and Colorado) and both times have not been impressed. Both locations they messed up my food and it came out late. Our server at the Las Vegas location was not very quick / attentive with our table. When our drink glasses were empty, they were taken away and not once did anyone ask if any one of us wanted anything more to drink (very, very weird). Food was good, but the whole experience is what makes the restaurant. And the fact that my dinner, again, was messed up and they didn't even offer a drink or nothing for the inconvenience really annoyed me. Not sure if I will return since this happened twice already...
2	Oh Grand Lux, you're exactly what I expected you to be.  Massive portions to satisfy the hunger of 40-inch waistline Texans visiting Vegas.  Prices $3-5 more expensive than Cheesecake Factory despite only marginally better food.  Service that is at the best of times absent and the worst downright rude.  And yet, because of your location to the Palazzo suites and the lack of other reasonably priced restaurants, I must've eaten your food 3-4 times in a weekend.  I don't know whether to blame you or myself.  Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.
5	This isn't your average all night place in the hotel that serves marginal food. I came here twice, once around 6:00ish to catch a bball game, have a beer or two and eat a snack. My friend was not coming in until later and I could not wait. I sat at the bar and Raven is a banging bartender. Super nice and friendly. She hails from Madison, WI. They only have Sierra Nevada, Stella and some other beer on tap. I had 2 Stellas. I ordered the buffalo wings and they came out quickly. The manager brought them out and you could tell he was customer service oriented. He asked me, "Is there anything else I can get for you?" The wings were not enough so I ordered the clam chowder w/ bacon and sourdough bread. The soup was poured where I was sitting and it was delicious. Creamy, not too much potatoes and you could see the clams and taste the bacon. I noticed other dishes coming out and they looked hearty. My bill came to $36 which was fine by me.The restaurant seemed like it was for everybody. They had tables and stools in addition to being able to sit at the bar. You had a mix of 8 people sitting at a table, another guy at the 4 seat stool table on his computer to regular seating in the dining room. The full menu is available in the bar also.At 3 in the morning after LAVO only the late night menu is available. I had the cuban sandwich, my friend had eggs and bacon and the girls had a salad (one is a vegetarian) and the other one had sliders. The bill came to only $67 including 4 non-alcohlic drinks.I sat on the corner of the bar and noticed that all the servers were pretty cool and that they seemed to like their jobs. The foregoing is essential for good service. I will definitely come back here when I have the pleasure of staying at the Venetian.
4	Maybe I was hungry but I liked the food we had here.  When we got there they were going to seat us inside the main dining hall but I asked if we could sit in their patio area and they cleared out a table and sat us there.  It was Saturday night and the people watching (primarily girls in tight, tight, saran wrap dresses pulling down their dress every 5th step) was fun. We shared a mixed deep fried calamari, shrimp, onion plate which was quite large and very good.  I had a chicken sandwich with avocado, bacon, and cheese which was one of the better chicken sandwiches I've had.  Plus the fries were crisp, salty enough and just plain great.  The waitress was pleasant and took a dish off our bill when we realized we had over-ordered.  Very nice of her.  I just thought this place was really good and would go back for a simple bite any day.
4	Last time we were in Vegas, we had Grand Luxe three times because we stayed in the Venetian so it was convenient. This time, we were at Vdara, but we just had to go there for our late night munchies. Totally worth cabbing there for food.I love love love their Pasta With Grilled Chicken, Tomato, Basil & Mozzarella. (Their pastas are bomb!) The portion was HUGE. Although I was super hungry, I only ate about half of the dish. Good thing though because I woke up hungry still craving Grand Luxe and there was a good amount of pasta left! The sauce was flavorful and evenly distributed throughout the dish. Their chicken was A+. Chicken is my favorite kind of meat, so I am a bit picky about chicken in dishes, but the chicken here is DELICIOUS! It's not dry at all, and they give you a generous amount.The boys all ordered burgers, and when their orders came out, I wish I ordered my pasta and a burger. Alas, although it sounded okay in my head, it's probably not socially acceptable to order two entrees, huh? They are pretty busy at all hours, so you might have to wait for their servers a bit. We waited a pretty long time before someone came to take our orders. That was no bueno! But what can you do when this restaurant has a full house and a line at 1am?
4	This place is a pretty great restaurant, especially in comparison to many of the other places located within the Venetian. Don't waste your money on any of the restaurants located with the faux Venetian scene because the food is less than mediocre. This place is a pleasant surprise and is open 24/7.Try the pizza and pasta! If you are looking for a decent sit down restaurant in the hotel, this is a good bet.
5	I had the best sandwich of my life here! The beef short rib grilled cheese was out.of.this.world.period!
4	When I first came here I was like "this place looks like the Cheesecake Factory, but the food is better." Well, turns out it is owned by the Cheesecake Factory or something. But it is definitely better than the CF in many respects. First off, it is open 24 hours. So basically if you are wondering Vegas at 4 am you can go here and eat whatever you are crazing.Second, they have some bomb appetizers like Flautas and this crispy shrimp thing.Third, their Mojitos are awesome. Fourth, It is reasonably priced for the portions you get. You could easily split their entrees. Definitely a spot I try to hit up when I stay around the Venetian/Palazzo. I also believe there is one in the Venetian and one in the Palazzo.
3	During my 11 day work trip to Las Vegas (where I managed not to kill myself), I visited this Cheesecake Factory location a couple of times. Oh wait. This isn't another Cheesecake Factory? It's actually the Grand Lux Cafe?Wow. This place had me fooled.Regardless, this place features a friendly staff, good food, decent prices, and very flexible hours. Had I came here drunk, my rating might have been 4 stars.
5	Grand Lux  is one of the best 24 Hr. spots in Vegas.  The menu items and ambiance are really similar to the cheesecake factory, so you'll feel right at home if you are a fan of the factory!  I had lunch here with some girlfriends before my bachelorettte party festivities started.  I love that our server was so responsive and friendly.  I also LOVED that there are so many different options on the menu from cheap to really expensive.  I always think it's really important to have a variety of prices with such a large group.Pros:-Great food-Open 24 Hours-Wide array of pricing-Yummy cocktails-REALLY nice serversCons:-Wait can be long late night (depending on when everyone leaves clubs)
3	So, this is a Cheesecake Factory. They even admit it's by the same people. I'm not familiar with what CF offers to compare the menus, but I will say this is a fine lunch spot. At the recommendation of a friend, we had the Buffalo Egg Rolls...which are awesome. Buffalo chicken fried in to an egg roll and served with bleu cheese dressing? Yes, please.After that, I had a kind of tropical salad, which was good, but not great. The chicken was kind of tasteless, needed a little seasoning, and the dressing was way too sweet. It was served with a nice mix of lettuce, jicama, bell peppers, sweet peas, and other veggies, but it didn't need to be drowned in all that sweet dressing. The fried flour tortilla chips served on the side were drenched in the stuff, which made them like eating sopapillas.Price was...not appalling for being inside a casino, and service was friendly. I would probably go back for the buffalo egg rolls, but there are definitely more exciting spots to be had.
5	Every time I come back to the Grand Lux I get better customer service and pretty yummy food!!!I had to update my review because of the great customer service I received today, plus that the waitress that previously served me and my boyfriend the other day held onto my debit card that I totally forgot about on the table...the funny part was that I didn't even realize my debit card was missing until she asked if anyone of us had lost our debit card after she acknowledged that she remembered us from the previous day.
3	if you're looking for an upscale denny's, look no further. if you're looking for denny's, it's actually not that far from the grand lux. the short walk should not deter you! (right outside between venetian's and harrah's or HURRAH'S as some would say.)this place is great for group dining since there's hella seating available. average is about the best way i can describe the food though.it sure is convenient though at 2am when you'd rather not have little cards slapped at you or solicitation heading back to your room. ah vegas baby.
4	Great breakfast. I had the chicken and waffles, they were very good. Daughter had the red velvet pancakes, the child portion was big enough for an adult and it was delicious. Service was great, we were in and out in no time. Awesome menu, very hard to choose, I guess I'll have to go back.Every casino has their own little 24hr cafe type place, many of them seem very generic, this one is probably the best casino restaurant I've been to. You could put this place in just about any town as a stand alone restaurant and it would be a local favorite.
5	We stopped in after a long flight with a large group and didn't have to wait long, although it was 3:00 in the afternoon. Regardless, all of our dishes came out in an appropriate amount of time and were well cooked. Our waitress was attentive and kind and made sure our drinks were always full. We were pleasantly surprised by the median prices, Vegas can be quite extravagant, and the pleasant atmosphere. I will definitely be returning in the future, especially since they are open all night.
4	No matter if its 4pm or 4am, when I'm hosting guests on the strip and there is an impasse regarding where to eat, Grand Lux is the go-to choice.  For those of you who do not know, Grand Lux is the slightly more upscale sister restaurent of Cheesecake Factory, and you can expect to find a lot of similarities between the two chains.  You can sometimes hit a wait, but this place is MASSIVE and seating normally happens quickly, if not immediately.  The service here is always great, and despite how busy this place may look, the food always comes out quickly.The menu here is HUGE, and the worst part of the meal is generally trying to decide what you want to order.  The asian nachos are hands down my favorite thing on the menu, with the chicken and waffles a close second.  Those two choices alone should give you a sense of how diverse the menu is, with something for everyone's tastes.  One word of caution though, the portions here, like the menu, are HUGE, so be careful not to over order...you might want to dig well into your appetizer before thinking about ordering an entree.
5	This place is absolutely stunning.  The inside is an what I can only describe as an exact replica of Cheesecake Factory.  I told this to my friends as soon as we were seated.  And it turns out, that I guess this place is a chain since it sells trademarked Cheesecake Factory Cheesecake.  Once I figured this out, I knew the portions were going to be HUGE!  I ordered the parmasean crusted chicken.  After we ordered, we were given very fluffy and warm bread. We killed the first bread almost immediately.  Then I needed to use the restroom.  I hate how a lot of restaurants in Vegas have their restrooms outside and not inside.  It isn't convenient at all.  It took awhile for our food to come out.  We were hungry so we asked for another loaf of bread.  Yum, still warm and fluffy as ever.  Finally the food comes, and the presentation looks amazing.  The chicken was breaded very nicely and the edge was crispy as hell.  The inside was juicy too.  Although I thought the spaghetti that came with it tasted very bland in the beginning, I realized it worked really well with the parmasean chicken.  Eating regular meals in Vegas is so hard, especially for a gambler like me.  It's nice to sit down at a nice restaurant and have a hardy meal.
4	I love this place. It's owned by the same people as the Cheesecake Factory. I always go when I need a coffee pick me up and get the caramel macchiato. I also like to go for happy hour and get the sangria blanco. It's absolutely delightful and refreshing.Grand Lux is also the perfect place to go after a long night of gambling or clubbing. It's open 24 hours and the portions are huge! Great for groups so you can share and everything is very affordable.
3	This is a great place to get good, average food, that's still a little lofty in price (hey it's vegas right?). It's a cheesecake factory baby that feels a bit like an upscale diner to me more than the factory itself. We typically get breakfast here as i'm not going to pass up the awesome restaurants to get diner food when i'm on vacation.The menu is gigantic- which i hate.
4	Not bad at all! Portions were big, food tasty, prices were really reasonable, server was REALLY NICE (not the intrusive,fake, yapping too much type nice either) and he was easy on the eyes.cons:they really need to clean their floors
4	Came for their Fried Chicken and Waffles. I had no idea this place was owned by cheesecake factory. Once the waitress told me I realized that the place did look an awful lot like the same restaurant, but a bit more upscale. Good thing I happen to like cheesecake factory.The waffle was really really good. It was soft and fluffy and the honey butter sauce just made it perfect. The same thing can't be said about the chicken strips. They were crispy, but they were a little dry on the inside and they were bland. If not for more honey butter I might not have enjoyed my dish as much. Honey butter and chicken are just meant for each other. The portions were huge too. I barely finished half.Would I come back? Maybe. I think I like cheesecake factory better.
4	One of the more affordable meals at a very upscale casino (Venetian).... food is what  you would expect from the Cheesecake Factory family. Been here several times, my favorite dish is the Short Rib Grilled Cheese. Good service and good food. Huge menu!! (Can be good or bad lol). When you are hungry, everything sounds good, and there is a lot to choose from! Hard to make a decision.
5	Perfect place for a good bite after a long night!Drinks are good food is always good and fresh, yes it's identical to cheesecake factory and who doesn't love that!Had a delishh pizza with wild mushrooms and asparagus with their house salad which was delightful!
5	Amazing food and affordable!!!
2	Came here for an early breakfast with a couple of friends.  We came to Vegas too early where we couldn't check into our room yet.  We have heard some good things about this place but needless to say it was horrible.  We had breakfast food and did not experience it very well.  I got eggs, sausage, and hash browns.  My friends gotten the breakfast steak with hashbrowns as well.  Their food was plain and the hashbrowns were over cooked.  All our hashbrowns were hard.  No, it was not crispy, it was hard where it was hard to eat... My friends believe their meal was not worth what they paid, it was close to $20 for their dish and their steak was BLAH.  I hate going to Dennys but Denny's is better than this place.Oh yea, and our server sucked! Freaking disappeared for over 20 minutes, never refilled our waters, and took 10 minutes to get our check, and 10 minutes to get it back.  Service was horrible there too.  We will more than likely not come here again.Maybe it was a bad day where both service and food sucked but who knows.  I had my experience there and won't be back.
4	Ate at the bar, very good service, Mai Tai's were excellent.  Lettuce wraps, salads, lasagna were all very good.
5	What's so awesome about the Venetian and Palazzo towers is that they each have a Grand Lux Cafe.  Best idea ever!  This place is always crackin'!  Why? Because if you don't know what to eat, then this is your best choice.  They have an extensive menu, just like the one you would find at a Cheesecake Factory, but even bigger!  I love how you have options in every category of cuisine, and know that you will find something to your taste with the confidence that it will taste good.   And if it doesn't, you can always count on their endless list of small plates and appetizers, and their super yummy warm bread available in both white and wheat!When I come here I usually order a salad because their huge and it gives me the opportunity to eat about 3 baskets of bread.  I would have to admit that I actually come here for the bread.  But their lettuce wraps, egg rolls, and their Ahi Tuna Salad are some of my other regular orders because their good too.  But if you need to load up on some good carbs, and you love butter, come hither to Grand Lux to rid of your hangover after the nightlife on this strip because this joint will be definitely open and ready to serve!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (56/365).
4	Great "little" spot inside the Venetian. All references to "Cheesecake Factory" are correct...great selection and variety of food.  Came in for some steaks after my friends got lucky at the blackjack table.  Our food was cooked to perfection and the size of the portions were just right. If it weren't for their damn good bread served at the beginning, we could've finished everything!  We also ordered the fried calamari, which actually includes fried onions, zucchini, and shrimp...if you go, this is a mandatory side dish, it's THAT good!Service was phenomenal! I believe our server's name was Amanda (hope I got that right) and she was the best!The only knocks on this place is that the AC was blowing a little too hard and cold at our table. So, as much as we were enjoying our food, my friends couldn't wait to get back out into the Vegas heat because it was that cold in the restaurant.  Also, the marble floors all around the dining area made for iffy footing for my friends wearing high heels.Other than that, we enjoyed the Grand Lux Cafe and will be back whenever we come back to Vegas.
5	This place has great food and reasonable prices for vegas.  I had the Salmon 3 ways and they were all delicious.  I really don't have any complaints about the place.  The decor inside was pretty cool as well.  My friend comes here more regularly and says the mini pizzas are also great.  I would have probably paid twice as much for the same quality of food at other restaurants in casinos on the strip.  This place also has something for everyone with quite an extensive menu.  The service was friendly.  Good stuff.I came back the next time in Vegas and got the salisbury steak special.  Again- It was amazing.  Out of all the places I ate at over the weekend with my girl- this was our favorite by far.  Check this place out!!!!
4	You know a place is fabulous when:Your traditional I-don't-prefer-any-non-Asian-food (nor like any-cheese for that matter) father sits down to lunch, orders the Caesar's Chicken SALAD (which arrives complete w/ a generous sprinkling of parmesan cheese), and proceeds to rave about how it's THE best salad he's ever had.  Over and over again.  In between bites.Oh and my salmon dish was pretty good too.
3	I can understand why people have an affection for this restaurant (the fact that it's 24 hrs bumps it from 2 to 3 stars), but come on: it's a dressed-up Cheesecake Factory with decent but overpriced food. If you're sitting around your house on a random Thursday night and have a hankering for Cheesecake Factory then fine, go eat there. But if you're in VEGAS for G-ds sake and you want a tasty and fabulous meal, then why would you waste stomach space on this place? Or.. if you're drunk and you want food at 4 am, then go find somewhere really cheap to eat (like Earl of Sandwich! or even McD's) because you are drunk, and won't be able to tell the difference. Maybe I've just eaten at the Cheesecake Factory one too many times to be excited by this repackaged version of the restaurant. I mean, if I was staying in the Venetian and my friends were all, "hey, let's eat at Grand Lux" then I would do it. But I would secretly wish that we were somewhere else.
5	This is the best place to get some great food on the strip and it doesn't cost an ARM and a leg. They have a great selection on the menu. My favorite is the Sunday Night Pasta. It's freakin awesome. The portions are generous which is another plus.
4	An amazing find inside the Venetian not only because of the quality and the variety of the food but also because of the prices. Through my previous stays in Venetian I always tried to eat outside of the hotel due to every other restaurant being $$$ but then discovered this cafe. The food is delicious, cafe is located right below the elevators and priced at about half to a third of the cost of room service! As an added bonus they are open late & have takeout service.
4	One of the most moderately priced places on the Strip for this quality of food. Tucked in the Venetian, this place has a good atmosphere, many tables, and is open 24 hrs a day, Vegas style. I got a seafood linguine and my date got the salmon which came with tons of mashed potatoes and green beans, though you could substitute those for other sides. Both dishes were very good and well portioned. The price was 15-20 for most things I would say which is pretty good for a pretty classy place on the strip. Good for you budget Yelpers looking for quality eats and atmosphere!Service was nothing special, though the food came pretty slowly.
5	We went to the Grand Lux Cafe at the Venetian Resort to eat, I was looking for some really good GLUTEN FREE food.  Chef Craig Walter came out to visit with me and gave me some really good options.  I ended up ordering some huge prawns and veggies on a skewer that were on a bed of lemon/parsley rice.  Talk about yummy!  I couldn't even eat it all!.  Everyone wanted what I had ordered.  Chef Craig came out again to see if I enjoyed my food and I raved about it.  The restaurant was busy and he still took time to visit with me and fix me a special meal.  Beautiful restaurant!
5	Yummy
5	Great food for a good price. Shrimp scampi pasta was delicious!
5	LOVE when good food is open late.I came here after marquee, YEARNING for some food. The long wait for our food to come made me very very very very cranky. The bread they gave did not suffice.But the sundried tomato penne def was worth that wait. It is very garlicky, so any vegas hookup should come BEFORE eating this. There was so much flavor that I left no morsel uneaten. I nibbled off everyone else's other dish (shrimp scampi, the sandwiches, the burgers, etc), and nothing compared to my dish. WIN!
4	Been here twice. Perks are: beautiful people [employees and guests], open 24/7, fresh yummy food.I always know I would be satisfied when I come here, and the price isn't bad for the out of control portions they serve. I've yet to have dessert here but next time I'm in Vegas I'll make it a point to. :] I recommend this place for any party animal who's hungry and can't find a place open and is near the Venetian! Enjoy!
5	There is a lot of reasons why this place is a 5 but Ill give you the big ones1) Its open 24/7  2) Biggest menu I know of 3) Food quality is always consistent Even at 3amApp Jalapeno cornbread Main Sunday night pasta Dess  Warm sticky bun bread puddingBest 24 hour spot in Vegas
5	Starving for some breakfast, we came here instead of Canyon Ranch Cafe because there was no wait.  I'm not sure which is better, but the food here was amazing, so I think we made a good choice.Atmosphere:  Beautiful cafe in the Venetian hotel, we sat in the outside patio area and people watched while we ate.  The customers are the usual eclectic Vegas mix of business people,  groups of friends, and couples.  We enjoyed watching people hurry by with rolling suitcases while others are wearing shorts and t-shirts while drinking beers and giant margaritas.Service:  Quick, attentive, and on point.  We got our food quickly and our waters were refilled often.  Food:Huevos Rancheros:  I'd say this is the best I've had, it was flavorful, tasty, and the portion size was huge!  The eggs were cooked perfectly and the potatoes were seasoned so well.  I can't remember what my bf got, but it was a vegetable omelette of some sort, he liked it, but liked mine better I think.  Overall:  Huevos Rancheros are great here.
4	What an amazing find this place was! Went last week when we were on vacation.  We weren't really wanting a big dinner and so we'd passed all the trendy/pricey upscale places.  They're fine when you're wanting a nice dinner out but we just wanted something simple.We walked past this place and decided to give it a try. I'm so happy we did!There were several people in line to get a table and I was worried that we'd have to wait a long time for a table, but it's deceptively large and so it only took like 5 minutes for them to seat us.  We were seated at a table for 2 that one side is a long bench and the other side chairs.  So there were people next to us, but enough room for me to get in/out.  Even though we were close to the people next to us we didn't find it hard to hear each other and we couldn't hear anyones conversations except the ladies right next to us. That is such a plus in my mind.The menu has lots of choices - pasta, salads, sandwiches, chicken dishes, steaks, etc.  this is a perfect place in vegas when you're with several people and not everyone wants just sushi or italian.  They bring out nice warm bread (and butter) after seating you.My husband and I both opted for hamburgers. He got the Max burger (with short ribs on the burger, hello!) and I got the bacon cheese burger. They easily substituted cheddar for me instead of american.  Burgers were about $12-13 each and came with fries or organic green salad.This was the largest regular size restaurant burger I've ever had and also the best I've had. It truly looked as if when I ordered it, the guy in the kitchen pulled out some ground beef and made my patty by hand.  I couldn't even quite finish 1/2 of it.  And I can eat an entire red robin burger.  Seriously, it was just delicious. Service was wonderful. The waitress seemed to notice every time we needed a refill on drinks and was quick to check on how things were going and bring extra condiments we wanted.  This is a must eat place for me on any future trips to Vegas.  Next time though, we'll be splitting the burger, haha!
4	I wish I could give Grand Lux 4.5 stars! I love coming to Grand Lux because they have a large eclectic menu and the Venetian location is open 24 hours! Asian nachos are ammaazziinngggllyy gooodddd!! So is the Maui ribeye! And their sticky toffee bread pudding!! The food is consistently good whether its extremely busy or at its off hours...The decor reminds me of a higher version of cheesecake factory, and the service is prompt and friendly.
2	We heard this was a great buffet breakfast place and it wasn't.  Very limited selection and the only selling point is that you can have made-to-order omelet. Very disappointing buffet and on top of that it's 37 bucks for 2 peeps.  TOO OVERPRICED for so little.
4	Grand Lux is one of my all-time favorite places to eat at whenever I'm in Vegas! There's a beautiful spectrum of different menu items, something for everyone. I was kind of surprised to find that it is a branch of the Cheesecake Factory, yet it felt like it was a fitting piece of information. The interior design and the seating all seemed familiar.I've had breakfast, lunch, dinner, and late dinner here before, and I don't think anything has ever failed my taste buds. I notably remember the Shaky Beef with rice plate (which is Vietnamese Com Bo Luc Lac) and it was simply amazing, better than most Vietnamese restaurants I've been to (and I'm Vietnamese)! It was a steep price though, 20 bucks. But worth the splurge. When you're in Vegas, you just wanna spend money like there's no tomorrow anyway.Also, if you just want something on-the-go for that quick meal before you go out drinking, their sandwiches in the cafe are all bomb. I always devour those without hesitation.
3	We came here for late night munchies, or early morning munchies, whatever you wanna call it. The service was quick and the server was quite funny for 4am chit chat. Their menu threw me off because it had so many Asian fusion items. For example, I only wanted regular nachos, but theirs was Asian Nachos. We ended up going with the crispy spring rolls and the bbq chicken pizza. The pizza and spring rolls were pretty good, but  the spring rolls came with a bowl of carrots that we didn't know what to do with.
4	As a sister restaurant to Cheesecake, it has a very similar (giant) menu and ambiance.  The portions are similarly big.  The place is huge so can accommodate many people, especially large parties.  The menu has a large variety- burgers, salads, pasta, steak, Chinese, Mexican etc.- it would be a safe bet for diverse palates. The prices are medium, what you would expect at a diner-ish restaurant at Vegas.  The service is pretty decent too, but it's definitely a hit or miss.  I've came here at 3am before and my server took FOREVER doing everything or is no where to be found.  I've also came here at 8pm and they were fully staffed with multiple people attending to us and filling out water.Pro:Opened 24 hours! Con:Always have at least 15 min wait to be seated
4	Pleasantly surprised. Was expecting to be overcharged for mediocre food--but it turned out to be a very good meal. The Shaking Beef was great, perfectly seasoned and generous portions.
4	This restaurant is really similar to its sister The Cheesecake Factory.  I really like how expansive the menu is and the portion sizes are always enough for a small village, which since I enjoy the food so much, makes for good leftovers.I like that I can try something new each time, this time was the BBQ Asian Pork Tacos, which I highly recommend.  The service is really good, considering the size of this place is massive and its always packed.  The downsides are it's VERY loud and its hard to get great service since they are spread so thin.Upside, they are open late and inside the Venetian which makes it convenient.
5	Almost every time we go to vegas we eat here and its always great! I always get the chicken picatta and my husband gets the patty melt burger.... But the best thing is the caesar salad ...you gotta add blackened chicken!
4	I went on an all-girls trip to Vegas and this was my friend Audrey and I's first stop after dropping off our bags!I really enjoyed myself here. Audrey ordered a lunch salad for herself which turned out to be pretty massive. I ordered a pizza/salad lunch combo. The pizza isn't frozen-- it's made to order! I love it because I actually order my pizzas cheese-less (please don't hate). The balsamic dressing that came with my salad was delicious. My pizza was perfect!We were definitely well taken care of here and we both enjoyed ourselves.I paid about $15 for my lunch, this is definitely not bad considering it's Vegas and everything is usually expensive. The atmosphere was really great too. It is a great place to come to after spending hours traveling to Vegas.If you want a cute, relaxing place to have a meal whether with friends or a significant other, I definitely recommend it. It won't burn a whole in your pocket and you'll leave feeling satisfied.I don't know if this place is owned by Cheesecake Factory or not, but the place is really really similar. Food varies, but the general atmosphere is very similar to Cheesecake Factory. The service is better though!
4	Order the make your own cupcakes...so freaking good
5	Ain't going to lie, I love GLC. It has an extensive menu with everything being delicious and huge portions. I had the shrimp scampi pasta and delicious. It's definitely a fall back if you don't know what to eat and have a picky eater ;)
4	I love this place! Located in the Venetian is a fancy pretty restaurant always crackin' with ppl. Surprisingly its not expensive, $10 can get you a fat portion of food that can last you 2 meals if you wanted to. Its similar to the Cheesecake Factory but its in veeeeeegass and its open late nights for all the hungry drunkies! There's so much on the menu we didn't know where to start. Last year I had the cobb salad (wonderful fat salad) this year I went for the buffalo chicken sandwich. It was okay, wasn't spicy enough. My bf had jimbalaya and it was hella good. My friend really enjoyed his pastrami sandwich, finished all of it before we did. As for dranks, I had the patron paloma. It was so good I could barely taste the alcohol. My sandwich+drink was probably $25, pretty pricey for a meal but I had leftovers of sandwich and fries for later (which were never touched and left at Cosmo hotel room garbage). Hehe.Service was excellent, our waitress was funny, we tipped her well.
4	Higher end version of the cheescake factory! LOVE THIS PLACE! must try the buffalo wraps and the asians nachos are to DIE for! make sure you get there early because it gets super busy but well worth it. I go prolly 5-6 times a year .. The only thing.. service last time was kinda crappy but forgive and forget when you taste the food..:)
2	The customer service here is good but I was not impressed with my miso salmon with brown rice. The presentation was ugly and tasted ugly too. I had plenty of leftovers and left unfulfilled. The chicken broth soup it came with was at least good. I didn't see anything on the menu that stood out so I won't be returnig here ever.
5	I cant believe I have not reviewed this place yet. I call the Grand Lux my go-to place. Whenever in vegas and your stumped on where to go this place will have it. And its not that expensive either. Not only is it reasonably priced it has a massive menu and the portions are large. So come hungry. Now he thing that gets this place to my 5 star list is with all those aforementioned the food is good. Not spectacular what would typically take it off my 5 star list, but the fact that your menu is that extensive and you still produce a quality product that can be very good at times will always get you 5 stars. Open 24/7 and as big as a small casino there will always be room. Be prepared to have a long sit time from the waiting service I think they get lost sometimes because this place is huge and they have to cover alot of tables. But most of the time you get very good service.Where do we eat today??? 3 hours later your finishing your meal here. Because it took you 3 hours to decide on nothing and you come to your senses and go here.
4	If you want to enjoy a awesome b fast and listen to Phantom of the Opera tunes, this is the place to visit. Sit out front on the patio if you can and people watch.My B fast order - corn beef with eggs and sliced tomatoes with English muffin. This is one of my faves for corn beef due to the corn beef is in chunks and is awesome tasting. The chef puts bell pepper's and a small amount of potatoes.  Yes it's pricey at $13.95 but it's all about the quality here. My friendly waitress from Chicago Amanda was awesome and has worked here since  they opened - 13 years ago now. The Grand Lux is owned by the Cheesecake Factory and the menu reflects their similarities.
5	You know a place is awesome if the salad dressing is served in a gravy boat! With delicious food and extraordinary service, this Grand Lux at the Venetian is also open 24 hours! Note: the one at the Palazzo does close around 2/3 am..(and why do the connected casinos need 2 Grand Lux's on each end again?)If a breakfast buffet is what you're craving, this Grand Lux lays out a hearty display of hot and cold breakfast items + beverage for a reasonable $16.50 (served until 11 weekdays, 12:30 weekends) Though we were here during brunch hours and both the bf and I love breakfast foods, we wanted a filling lunch. I had the Pasta Carbonara lunch combo, and opted for the fresh organic side salad with ranch dressing IN A GRAVY BOAT! I've always been hesitant ordering Pasta Carbonara, afraid the overall taste of the dish will come out too sweet, but Grand Lux did their Pasta Carbonara right! It was so savory.. but not overly salty, and a hint of sweet from the bacon. I was in love with this ginormous entree!I've always heard the Grand Lux described as an upgraded Cheesecake Factory, so I was expecting higher prices. Surprisingly, the sister restaurant chains have comparable, if not identical, pricing schemes.Service here was top-notch! I don't remember our waitress' name, but she made us feel so comfortable. She came like every 5 minutes, but was the complete opposite from intrusive. She also kept apologizing for the wait (what wait? we didn't even notice that the food was taking longer than usual), and letting us know our food would be out soon. The manager even came to our table on a separate occasion, and apologized more for our food delay. There are so many great dining options along the Strip, with Grand Lux being one of them. Though realistically, I will not be eating here every time I visit Vegas, this is now one of spots on the top of my list!
4	I wish I could give this place a 5, but everything was perfect except for the salmon.This cafe has a great assortment, prefect for any party.  They have finer dining cuisine, more filling cuisine, typical casual sit down dinning cuisine, and stuff for the kids all in one place.They greet you with slices of French Baguette which was okay, and butter which was pretty good.The service is pretty nice.  The waiters are friendly and attentive.We ordered the Mahi Mahi and Salmon Trio.  They were both in the mid 20s price range, but the Mahi Mahi did not disappoint.  It was moist with a crusty top of Parmesan and bread crumbs, and flavorful veggies and capers accompanying it.  It was served over a bed of fluffy, creamy mashed potatoes.  The salmon was disappointing.  The fish itself was dry, overcooked, and not flavorful.  The accompanying veggies and sauces weren't great, either.  They came with a similar tasting batch of mashed potatoes.If every dish was as good as the Mahi Mahi, this place would have earned 5 stars.  It is my new favorite classier dining spot in Vegas.
3	Took a while for the hostess to seat us even though there were quite a few seats available, but hey no biggie. We finally get seated.        So right off the bf points out is it me or is the cutlery slightly greasy? Lo and behold there's a delightful sprinkle of it on the utensils. We ordered the whole egg omelet with spinach, mushrooms, bacon and cheddar. Eh it was okay I have had way better :/ for cheaper at More Than Waffles in Encino, CA. Belgian Waffles were pretty good but only with lots of butter and syrup.
4	Brian the bartender was the bomb! Mango margarita was the shit! Turkey club was very good. My experience was great!
3	In comparison, you might as well come here cause the food court next door is only a couple bucks cheaper but you get substantially more here.Plus you get a nice sit down, and friendly servers.Their bread is a little hard though so if you're getting a sandwich, think twice!
3	I really think they get more business in the middle of the night then they do during the day. It's open 24 hours which is the perfect place to go that's close by and on the strip after a fun night of clubbing. Everyone seemed to have the same idea as us and we must've waited half an hour for a table. We had a larger group though - of like 8 people. When we finally sat, I was already regretting picking food over sleep. When in doubt pick sleep always - just a tip. Haha. Anyways I wanted something light to settle my alcohol ridden stomach so I ended up getting the Zen noodles. Worse thing to get. Wow, I was hoping for halfway decent noodles but these were dreadful. The broth was thin and too lemongrass-y. The noodles were short and rough and the texture was almost too al dente. They put chicken in there and it's a bit rough and overcooked. At least they had the soy bean sprouts and lime and cilantro and all the other herbs on the side for me to add. I would day that was the most authentic part of my dish. And so overpriced at like $13. Crazy. I left unsatisfied and looking forward to just crashing. Other dishes looked ok like the flatbread pizza, sandwiches and breakfast. Yeah I just caution ordering such an Asian dish at such an American place.
3	We eat here a lot pretty much only because it has such a diverse menu with quite decent quality. You'll rarely if ever be blown away by anything, whether it be the service, food or drink, but you'll get a solid meal and everyone in your party will be satisfied.
4	I eat here so much because it's right there & has huge portions that I can save for later to eat. Take out portion are good too. I call in for take out cause sometimes there is a wait. I normally like the salmon piccata but lately the salmon is cover cooked. Dunno if they changed the chef or what but I haven't been happy.
5	I freakin love this place!! Atmosphere is awesome, service is perfect, and most importantly, the food is phenomenal. I've been here several times and with big groups each time. I've never heard a single complaint about the food from anyone in my groups. Everything on the menu is good - you can't go wrong! Even the bread and butter they start you off with is addicting. I always have to to eat here when I'm in Vegas - it's been set in stone.
4	I had the eggs over medium with hash browns and an English Muffin.  It was basic enough and was good.  I love how the hash browns are slightly beyond golden but not burnt.  Most places undercook their hash browns.  The waitress was friendly.  I would say the only thing wrong with my experience was that the coffee tasted odd; my husband thought it tasted watered down.  The waitress offered to bring me a cup of espresso but I was on my way to a meeting and didn't want to take in too much caffeine.
5	CARMEL CHICKEN.  CARMEL CHICKEN.  CARMEL CHICKEN.  Nuff said???I go to Vegas 4 or 5 times a year.  I've walked to the Venetian from the Luxor; monorailed from MGM; cabbed from the Paris, all to go to the Grand Lux at Venetian. Now, I mostly stay at Pallazzo; but prefer the Lux at the Venetian.  I've had the Fish & Chips (very good); the Chicken Enchilladas (wonderful); and their Chicken Madiera (exquisite).  But, I can eat their Carmel Chicken 5 days a week!!!  When staying at the Venetian or Pallazzo, you CAN have $50 steaks, or even $80 lobster at one of their restaurants.  But, you can eat WONDERFUL food for around $20 at the Grand Lux.  To be honest, I've never tried their breakfast.  I get room service, and if YOU do, add a side of their MAPLE BACON.  The Bomb.I keep seeing Yelpers talk about their burgers; salads and pastas, but IT'S VEGAS BABY.  Gamble a little with your palette!  When my sister and I celebrated our Birthdays in June, there were 7 of us, and 4 of us had this wonderful chicken!  We'd all had it MANY times before.  At the end of our meal, even though we had ordered deserts to share, they brought my Sister and I EACH a Birthday treat.  It was a dollop of sweet whipped cream with a Phyllo dough "birthday card" lightly cinnamon-sugared.  So if you go in a group, tell them it's someone's birthday (just don't tell them I told you to :)  Then we all shared the Black and White Creme Brulle.  HEAVEN.So, whenever I go to Vegas, no matter how many times, I ALWAYS eat 1 or more times at the Grand Lux.  Give it a try.(Also, the Venetian food court has a lot to choose from.  When feeling really daring, try the Bacon Cheeze Fries at their grill.  AWESOME.)
4	One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas when looking for a casual meal thats not incredibly expensive. It's simple American food with the traditional selections of hamburgers, sandwiches, and pastas that you would get at any other American restaurant. I stayed at the Palazzo with friends once on a trip and we literally ate here for every meal for three days. The reason why this is possible is because they have a HUGE menu. Two of my favorites are the chicken flautas and their corned beef hash. Grand Luxe is a sister restaurant of the cheesecake factory so their food is pretty similar in taste and style. One star off though because they don't have the brown break like cheesecake factory and thats always a disappointment for me whenever I go :(
5	I love it here! Every time I'm in Vegas I always end up eating here for several reasons 1) it's open 24 hours 2) great selection of food; from breakfast to late night dinner menus 3) prices are reasonable 4) portions are quite large, 5) great ambiance and 6) of course the food is good!If I had to choose I'd prefer this place over Cheesecake factory. They also have a Grand Lux at the Palazzo but I don't think they are open 24 hours. The place is pretty large. You hardly ever have to wait long to get seated. And service has never been a problem.
2	I'm shocked that there are so many 4-5-star ratings for this restaurant. Perhaps our server just hated my table. He was really rushing us for our order even though it wasn't very busy. It was Sunday, July 8, 2012 around 7:30pm. We were seated quickly, but our table didn't even have place settings for all 7 of us. Our server took the order and was pleasant enough, but that's where the service ended. It's like he disappeared for 45 minutes and our food was nowhere in sight. Our order consisted of 3 breakfast entrees, enchiladas,1 burger, 1 salad and one hot entree, nothing out of the ordinary or difficult. Once the food finally arrived, it was just ok. Not bad, but nothing memorable. I felt like the food should have been outstanding for how long we waited, but it was just so-so. I won't be going back to this place for long waits on mediocre food. Our server never even acknowledged that our food took over 45 minutes. Rude!The (only) upside: the prices were reasonable.
4	Yum Yum Yum. We stayed at the Venetian and were so hungover and then drunk again so we were too lazy to walk somewhere else and heard this place was good.We walked in at the perfect time and they sat us aaallll the way in the back corner which i thought was odd. But in the next ten min when i had to go make a phone call, the entire dining room area was packed and there was a line to get in. Waitress was nice and I feel sorry for her because were just not sober. We came here after going to the beach club at TAO so and this was the first time we ate all day....it was 5pm. HAWe ordered chicekn wings, sliders, artichoke dip, spring rolls with peanut sauce, my friend ordered the mushroom burger which was vegan. All was super delicious!! They give nice portions as well and it's fairly priced. It's just good food to grub on, great for lunch and dinner. I would recommend reservations if you have a large party.
5	Nice spin on the usual Cheescake Factory. They did not have as many options of cheesecake as the original Factory does, but they had all the good flavors. I ordered the filet mignon, and it was perfect. The drinks are delicious. The service is very quick. The price is also not too bad (I mean it is Vegas).
5	Where do i begin! this place, lets just say that in this place i had my first AHA moment in food !! yes, everything is good, and when i say everything i mean it. I went to Vegas last week and i tried this place like 4 times and it never disappointed me! NEVER! I highly recommend the turkey brie sandwich and the trout. You know what, i recommend everything !! and you know whats the catch, the place is soo cheap for the quality of food and atmosphere they offer!!please if you are in vegas and you happen to go to the Venetian,  please do stop by and send my hellos!
3	If you can deal with the poor service
4	Yummmmm! Have the chicken pot pie, its legit. I mostly ate off my sister's plate. I ordered the Pasta Carbonara and that was JUST ok. Its a nice cafe with comfy booths, perfect for slouching in after a night of partying!
4	I've only dined at this chain once before. Specifically, the one in the Beverly Center. And I clearly remember why I liked this place so much....they had brocolini. Perfectly sauteed. Leave me alone. I was on a brocolini kick. They earned an A from me that evening.I am glad to report that another gold star from me will be rewarded to the Grand Lux Cafe in the Venetian hotel. The morning of our departure, my wild romp companions and I decided to try their Sunday breakfast. A full breakfast bar. Complete with fresh OJ and hot coffee. Pastries, omelet bar, waffles, fresh delicious fruit, potatoes, more eggs, sausage, bacon, oatmeal, and even cereal. Too much. And all for 20 buckaroos. Everything I consumed (at a leisurely pace) was sooo good. And sooo very necessary after the nutrient deficient wild romp I had just endured. Service from our waiter was excellent. Well timed and gregarious. Their breakfast was the perfect start for my road back to reality.
4	Just loved it....  I will return without a doubt!The Buffalo Chicken Rolls are just naughty and one thing that I crave....  All pasta & pizza are great, the steaks are wonderful & the seafood as better than expected... The sandwiches are fantastic....  Just great food done right.  I will make the trip every single time I'm in Vegas!
4	The take-out bags, decor, and atmosphere mirror Cheesecake Factory. Same owners?Great diner for late night meals. Food is surprisingly good-had the "max" burger. Then again, I was starving.
5	My friend and I stayed in Vegas last weekend and ate here. The waiter was great, the food was great.  We ordered the filet mignon, mashed potatoes and a vege...everything was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Our waiter was so polite and attentive.  The room was large and even with a lot of people talking and eating wasn't too noisy so we could hear ourselves chat.  Very nice restaurant you won't be disappointed.
4	Gotta love a place that gets it right...good portions..nice decor..Sunday brunch..good options for lunch, dinner, late night snack, etcCan say enough about the service, which i thought was awesome! Had the Madeira Chicken which offered me a slice of chicken covered in gooey cheese goodness at every bite. Sampled the Prawns served on a bed of raosted potatoes and i have no regrets there eitherTwo thumbs up from this foodie
3	Not a bad place in Vegas, especially with most of the overpriced and overhyped restaurants there. With all of the the drinking and gambling, people do have to eat! The GLC was a very practical and reasonable place for those that simply need an outlet that wasn't trying too hard to fit in with it's surroundings. Great breakfast options, and practical prices.
3	Ate here 3 times in one weekend -____-Generally for Grand Lux, we head towards to location closer to Palazzo, but the two is exactly the same.  Since we stayed at the Venetian this time around, instead of venturing out into the hot Vegas summer, we stayed on the Venetian property for the majority of the time and Grand Lux is a favorite among my friends, which also meant we ate a lot of Grand Lux.  There is a food court, but we weren't really feeling it.  Grand Lux is good, especially for large groups because it is a huge restaurant and they can easily accommodate bigger groups.  The menu is also very diverse, from breakfast to Asian-inspired dishes.  It's owned by Cheesecake Factory, so I always thought of Grand Lux as a very expensive diner.Went for the Chicken & Waffles, Short Rib Grilled Cheese Sandwich, and a Lunch combo for my visits this time around.  The Chicken & Waffles is a favorite of mine.  Belgian waffle that's topped with fried chicken strips and comes with this great brown butter maple.  The grilled cheese sandwich was the first time, and while good, it was just a bit too greasy for me.  Lunch combo with salad, soup, and sandwich is a solid choice for a little variety.  Grand Lux always have good soups at all times, and this time, got to try the Chicken Mushroom Cream, as well as the Chicken Tortilla.  The Chicken Tortilla seriously tastes like liquidfied nachos!  It's pretty damn delicious haha.Also tried my friend's jambalaya.  Not even close to being the real thing, but not gonna lie, it is pretty damn tasty.  It's more like a stir-fried dish with cajun spices & seasoning!The place is open 24/7, which is another reason why we came here so many times in one weekend.  After a night out, Grand Lux.  Dinner?  Grand Lux.  Another night out, sure why not Grand Lux again.  Need to convince the others to eat something else next time.
4	I have been to the Grand Lux for dinner 4 times - twice here and twice at the Palazzo.  All 4 times, I've had the crispy caramel chicken.  It's an excellent dish with good tasting, deep fried battered chicken with a caramel glaze.  The glaze is a bit on the sweet side, but I like it.Last night, I stayed true to form and ordered that.  I had a choice of brown or white rice and I went with the brown.  DInner was very good.  My wife had the Madeira chicken.  It was served with very creamy, good tasting mashed potatoes.  We shared a piece of chocolate cake for dessert.  It was huge.Service was a bit slow last night, but we got here at the height of the busy time with people wanting to have dinner before going to see Phantom as was the case with us.  We had plenty of time and I didn't obsess with the time factor because I knew we were good.Our server boxed our leftovers--dinner tonight--and brought it back quickly.  I had time to walk it to the car in the garage and put it in the cooler I brought anticipating a take out box or boxes.  I wish they had more large small plates on their menu.  Or if they would just downsize any of their meals for a downsized price.My only complaint with Grand Lux is the level of the music.  It was not on when we first arrived. 10 minutes later, someone must have realized and they fired up the sound system.  At one point, it was so loud, I had to almost yell for my wife to hear me.  It got so bad, I downloaded an app for my iPhone and the decibel level averaged about 85 all the time we were there.  At times it spiked in the 90s and near 100.  That's just too loud!!  Turn it down!
5	Welcome to the Cheesecake Factory on steroids, dressed in expensive clothes, wearing $150 cologne, and driving a 2012 BMW 745li.My girlfriend and I went to this place numerous times and it's no secret to any of our friends that this is one of our favorite places along the strip.  The food is decently priced, the drinks are expensive (it's the Strip after all), and the menu is ginormous.  I've never had a bad dish here.  Seriously.  And I've ordered all sorts of stuff on this menu.  The food portions are not for normal human beings, but for 9 foot tall giants who work out five hours a day.If you like martinis then try the Calypso.
4	Great food and good service
4	You're in vegas. Wants to dine-in yet there is no time to go to a buffet, but refuses to go to a fast food joint? Grand Lux is the answer.  I think this is better than cheesecake factory. Despite the same ambiance, interior decoration, to-go bag color schemes, and menus, the food was a bit more tasteful than cheesecake factory.   I ordered the pork chops and I was very satisfied with my choice. When there is a mixture of apples with pork chops and mash potatoes and brussel sprouts- I'm in! The pork chops was perfect- not over cooked, not under cooked near the bone. I enjoyed every morsel that was left to the bone. My friends had a bite of my dish and agreed that they liked my dish.   The service was tentative. They were concerned with our experience which is surprising for our group of 13. Other places tend to neglect you knowing that they have a guaranteed 18-20% tip. Here, they asked if the whole party was happy with their choices. Perfect meal and now to go hit the slots and clubs!
3	We went there for lunch since bouchon was closing at 2pm and it was already 1:30pm. There was no wait, had feeling of cheesecake factory like other reviewers mentioned. I liked sweet potato side (who doesn't like sweet potato!?) but my pasta was... meh. I ordered pasta fresco (not sure about the name) basically pasta with grilled vegetable. It was lacking in flavor. Lots of olive oils though. I left more than half of dish... :/ Nothing amazing here I suppose but for the price I guess it's ok. (since everything in vegas could be expensive!)
3	I had the Asian Nachos and the Chipotle-Avocado Burger. The nachos were some of the best and most interesting nachos I have ever had, while the burger was slightly above average. Beyond that, the rest of the food was average at best and for $15+ a plate I expected a bit more. Overall, ,decent food, but nothing special.
5	Try the pasta telefono!  YUM! You get a great basket of bread before dinner with creamy butter. Very quick service and reasonable prices on everything.  One of the better meals I had in Las Vegas and they are open 24 hours.
5	Oh Grand Lux how I love thee. You are always there when I need you to be.You deal with my drunken habits, and your waitresses never look saddened."Avocado Omelet!!!" is all I have to say for you to recognize my favorite plate,from a great place, if you ever need to eat late, late, late.
3	Went here for our last brunch in Vegas.  This place is huge.  It does remind me of cheesecake factory. Got here and was seated right away.Coffee was ok.I wanted to check out the  chicken and  waffles as recommended here.  It was good but not great.It needed a sauce so  I was dipping my chicken in my sisters chipotle sauce.  That was good!  Ask for extra!  With the price and decent food... I see why people go here.
5	Super good food open 24 hours?!?!?! Seriously... This is Vegas. I had the Mediterranean Maji Maji and it was sooooo good. i was so sad I didn't have two stomachs and our stupid hotel room didn't have a fridge or a microwave. What a waste. Portions are huge (a la Cheesecake Factory), but I think the taste is way better than CF. Everything is good. My fiance also loved the chicken and waffles last time he came. yum yum yum. Come here any time... breakfast, dinner, drunk, or hangover... it will always suit your needs.
5	The food here is very good and the portions are very big. If you are with your girlfriends, you can share two dishes to three girls. This place reminds me of a cheesecake factory but more fancy. The prices are very affordable for the portions you get! However, if you have a big group, make sure to call for reservations so that you don't have to wait. We went here this past weekend with a group of 13 girls and there was no wait at all!
4	This place never fails me.  Grand Lux, you're like a good friend.  I can always depend on you.  You're always there to provide me with good food any time of the day. Even when I'm sleep deprived you help give me the energy to keep going.   There's always great service and great food here.  It always takes me a long time to decide what to order because there's so many delicious choices!  I've been here multiple times with large groups and smaller groups and its very convenient for both.The last time I was here, we had a group of 10.  It was a great choice for dinner since none of us could stomach a buffett.    I ordered the BBQ chicken which came with cornbread and cole slaw.  It was delicious and enough to prep for stomach for all the evening festivities.  Grand Lux, you're always on my list of places to eat in Vegas.
3	Had a very good breakfast at this place! Show and presentation are definitely in line here. Service was efficient, but not quick. It was busy, but not overly so to where we couldn't have been handled better. Enjoyed it overall however.
4	Went here on a Thursday evening and were seated quickly. The waiter was nice enough to give us some time to figure out what we wanted because so many things sounded so good on their menu. Luckily there's complimentary bread to help hold us over. We ended up with a glass of wine each and he had the salisbury steak and I had the prime rib. Both dishes came out fairly good and the sides were good also, which makes this dinner a winner. This cafe is a little more expensive than what you'd find at other hotel/casino cafes but their quality of food is better. Our 2 dinners, 2 glasses of wine and a side salad came out to about $75
4	Telephono pasta lunch portion is the best. Sat at the bar to take a break from the casino.
5	They bake you cookies to go with you! How great is that! FRESH BAKED COOKIES!!!funny part is that this place is known as "cheesecake factorys cousin"
5	I cant say anything bad about this Cafe, I was in a date two days ago in Las Vegas, and a friend recommended this place for us, it was amazingly great.Classy Cafe, service was perfect, when i was going in to the place, i thought it is too expensive, but i was surprised when i saw the menu, it wasn't that expensive, the prices were good comparing with the place, i ordered a cheese spinach dip as appetizer, and Cob salad for my date, and rib eye stake sandwich with fries for me, when we got the food, my date said just the appetizer could be enough, because the plates were huge, we couldn't even finish half of the food. Plus the taste was really good.I have a really nice memories in this place. hope to go back there soon, with the same person ;)
5	Do I love staying at the Venetian? Yes.Do I like Cheesecake Factory, Luxe's owners? Yes.Could it be that I'm biased in favor of Luxe?  Yes.ProsThis is definitely a nice place to eat with good food and nice ambiance.  Prices are ok.ConsWait can be long.Should you try this place out if you're in vegas?  Yes, but go during off hours to have the best experience.It's next to the escalators and the slot machines near the bathrooms.
2	You know, everyone raves about this place, and I can't see it. It's annoyingly loud, the seats are pretty uncomfortable and the food quality just isn't there. I just finished having lunch with a gf who loves Grand Lux and is in from out of town, so politely agreed to join at Palazzo. I ordered something different from the Asian Nachos which is the only thing that I have had there that I thought was extra good at one time, but the last time I got them thought they had gone downhill, so decided to switch today to the Rachel (sister to a Ruben). The meat was so greasy and bad tasting that I literally had to pull it from the sandwich and eat the slaw and bread alone which too was overly greased and dripping. I stopped eating at about half because I thought it would make my stomach upset if I ate more. Trust me, I don't usually walk away from a Ruben sandwich. With so many great places to eat in Vegas why bother?
3	Huge menu and a great place after a late night out. Pizza was a decent size to share for 2-3 people as a snack and was plentiful in veggies. Crust was thin and crisp.House Green Salad, Organic Greens and Heirloom Cherry Tomatoes Tossed in Our Roasted Tomato-Caramelized Onion VinaigretteFire Roasted Vegetable, Grilled Eggplant, Zucchini, Artichokes, Peppers, Onions, Tomatoes, Basil, Goat and Mozzarella Cheeses. Kalamata Olives
3	Huge menu and a great place after a late night out. Pizza was a decent size to share for 2-3 people as a snack and was plentiful in veggies. Crust was thin and crisp.House Green Salad, Organic Greens and Heirloom Cherry Tomatoes Tossed in Our Roasted Tomato-Caramelized Onion VinaigretteFire Roasted Vegetable, Grilled Eggplant, Zucchini, Artichokes, Peppers, Onions, Tomatoes, Basil, Goat and Mozzarella Cheeses. Kalamata Olives
4	It is what it is - cheesecake factory with a different front!I've eaten at this one in the Venetian more times than I'm proud to admit!It's huge, but generally there is a line - unless you eat at midnight!Bar is usually a good bet and the portions are huge!Staff is usually pretty friendly and helpful.
4	I manage a trip into the Lux whenever I get to Vegas Its on the casino floor of both the Venetian and the Palazzo. Its a great breakfast or lunch spot. Its often very busy, so be prepared to wait in line, unless you have the VIP card which allows you to enter without a wait.The food is great here. You get a healthy portion and no matter what you order, its always fantastic. The appetizers through to main courses are excellent, and the Chicken Venetian is highly recommended. Desserts are awesome, and the prices are very reasonable. One can eat there for 20-30 bucks with a drink or two. I don' t think I have ever had a bad meal there, and I have gone at least 50 times.Highly recommended. Come hungry, though.
5	Wonderful. Excellent service,  good portions and excellent food. Highly recommend
4	Every time I come to Vegas, I always eat here. Is it a preference? No. It's only because we always stay at Palazzo and this place is open 24hrs. Their prices are not too ridiculous. It's almost unavoidable. So on our recent trip this past wknd, we ate here for dinner Saturday evening and also breakfast Sunday morning. I ordered a chicken pot pie soup with crab cakes for dinner. And for breakfast, I had their red velvet pancakes. Everything tasted great. I've had their breakfast buffet too in the past and it's also very good for the price. I'm pretty sure I'll be coming back again..
3	Stayed at the Venetian over the weekend, so I guess we had to come try this place out.   Wasn't due to yelp this time, my friends just wanted to stop by.  Came here at 2pm on Friday with 3 of my friends, the place was not too busy.  But 20mins wait for the waitress to take our order was not cool.  Also the food took extremely long to get to us.  We must waited atleast another 20mins.  I ordered the Shrimps with pasta, the plate was $20 and it was excellent.  The food was quality was pretty good overall from trying out my friends dishes.  I don't know why the it took so long to serve us, really can't give this place anything above a 3star because of the wait.
3	4 stars for the food3 stars for the service (LONG wait time)1 star for the grouchy hostess with a MOLE on her face D:  (You're supposed to be the FIRST face we see when we come in! Lighten up!)After a LONG day of traveling, The girls n I are in search of FOOD! We were starving and since we had to wait for our suite, we decided to grab quick a bite here. The bite ends up being not so quick, and the food takes forever to come out, but once it does, It was worth the wait. Well, At least my dish was.. or.. maybe I was just starving ..The menu was excessively long, A section with breakfast, lunch , dinner, late night. all day.. with most of the same items posted over and over.. Suggestion.. maybe have one menu for each time of the day? I found myself finding something good, then looking at the time frame its served.. and then going back to the actual page I should be looking at and then getting disappointing its not there :( . eh.. small details.I ordered the breakfast sandwich with sausage instead of bacon. Breakfast is good, all day.... hasbrowns yummo.. crispy n tasty, I asked for an over easy egg instead of scrambled and the ooey gooey yolk dripping everywhere just made this sandwich everything I could ever want and more.. lolCorned beef hash - eh.. sorry, but I prefer the canned version over this one.. The corned beef was actually a bit dry and the overpowering bell peppers made this inedible for meBacon Carbonara - Although I am not a fan of Bacon, This pasta dish had excellent flavors . This is a must try for all you bacon lovers out there.
4	Holy Cow, I cannot believe they stopped serving my favorite sushi roll!!!!! Anyway came here after Da Vinci Exhibit ordered their Volcano Shrimp and it was delicious very light and crispy and the sauce was flavorful with a bit of spicy. I had the Ruben and OMG it was freaking delicious and pastrami was so good!!!!! My g/f had the BBQ pull pork sandwich (again!!!!) and it was the same as last time, very good, just have to say that the side of coleslaw was bland (agian!!!!). Can't go wrong here and for you breakfast sandwich lovers I suggest the Breakfast Sandwich Its my favorite it all of  Las Vegas.
1	Walked out due to unfriendly hostesses, and our server never showing his face for ten minutes! Hostess went to find our server, and he totally ignored our table when he came out. And, we are guests of Palazzo. BAD experience.
4	It's a little pricey, but almost everything is homemade. So good.
5	The "machine" was run well (they seat you efficiently and fast), service was friendly and fine, they handled my picky eating well (no mayo, add cheese), and the food was absolutely delicious.  The only real gripe is that it's loud, but we were on the "patio" which is basically off the casino, so it may have been quieter inside.  The mushroom "burger" is amazing - it has no meat, it's just made of mushrooms - and flavorful.  The new cuban sandwich is also phenomenal.
3	Late Night Cookies n Coffee onlyOK, so hankering for something of substance in the sweet department, we wandered over to Grand Lux Cafe. (There's one fairly close to my place, but I've never gone --- for what that's worth.)They offer chocolate chip/pecan cookies. In a box. Sounds good -- and they are. But, so ya know: Once we ordered them, the server told us it takes between 16 and 18 minutes. Verrrry specific. No problem. However, after not seeing them for, say, between 25 or 26 minutes later, I wondered what was going on...?Meantime, my double espresso came, and that was just fine. At last, the box o' cookies came and they were ..... pretty good. But only luke-warm. Now, of course, these babies have to cool. However, it's apparent they were ready, and cooled, and they simply didn't get delivered in a timely fashion. (Sigh) Not a deal-breaker, but certainly a bit of a let-down.They are served in a handsome cardboard. And it's fun to take the rest with you. Just next time, I'd really love them coming out HOT!
4	This is my wife's favorite place to eat and it is very affordable for a great experience. The place seems to be very high class and the food is good. I only wished they would bring back their Venetian Chicken. The reason it is 4 stars is because I think they always include the tip in the bill so there is no reason to put cash or write it in on the receipt because they include it already and you might end up double tipping. Seems sneaky and I am a firm believer of allowing the customer to tip themselves or that is like false advertisement or theft...
5	What a great place! This has always been one of our favorite places to eat while in Vegas. Not only are the portions HUGE, but the food is delish, there is a wide variety, and it is always quick. For this particular visit, we were seated by Matt, the Senior Manager. On our way to the table he found out we were from the Bay Area and actually from the same home town - small world! I mentioned to a friend how bad my heartburn was and how I was dying for a glass of milk. Literally, within a mintue of being seated, Matt was back with a tall glass of milk for me, and I hadn't even asked for it! Awesome service! I let him know I actually prefer Non-Fat but I was so thankful I would drink whatever, he insisted on bringing me the non-fat. That pretty much set the pace for the rest of the visit.We had the warm bread - Nom. The menu selection is so vast we each had something totally diff. I went for the Pasta Telephono = GREAT success. I was glad my friends weren't flying home so that they could bring my leftovers back, way too good to let go to waste. We had a great time refueling after a night at XS and a long day roaming the strip. Matt's hospitality was awesome, and he shared with us some of the other locations around the country that have other Grand Lux restaurants for us to visit.
4	Likes: Asian Nachos (crispy fried wontons covered with chicken in a sweet-hot peanut sauce topped with wasabi cream and melted cheese) - now if that doesn't get your palate wet I don't know what will.  Huge portions - yay.Dislikes: No napkins or eating utensils were at our table or given to us even after our meal came out so I had to ask them
5	Nothing "lux" about this place... but I still love it. From the same people that brought you the cheesecake factory... so expect the same exact thing. Even though there is nothing lux about this, we always eat here because we stay at the Venetian & Palazzo every time in Vegas (still the best hotel, after trying all the nice LV hotels, too!) so it is very convenient. I just don't like the tacky tourists... but hey, it's not GLC's fault! Lotsa people in here. I'm pretty sure this place is open very late as well.
4	Came here for lunch. It was recommended by a security guy at the Venetian where we stayed for the weekend. Such an awesome place, good food, great service. I wish I remembered our waiters name. He deserves a raise. He was very helpful, nice, and funny. So glad service was fast because I came in here starving. I ordered the glazed salmon with mushrooms, artichoke, capers and steamed rice. It was delicious, just the right size for my hungry tummy :)Highly recommended for the good food, service and reasonable price.
1	Long wait, food was weak. Even Ray Charles could see this meal was a fail.
3	They serve good food at this location just like their other locations.  I only gave it 3 stars because the waits are usually very long and it gets very crowded.  It is also closer to the casino where the smoke can get really bothersome.  We much prefer waiting without all the smoke.  They also did not make beignets at this location.  The location and atmosphere at the Palazzo is much nicer and the food at the Palazzo location is just as yummy!
4	This is kind of like the Cheesecake Factory. Diner-ish/gourmet food in a nicer environment than a diner. Once you walk in it seems as if the place is small and only seats 20-30 people but walk in further and it's huge. Good spot for quick lunch if you don't want to eat at  a buffet. Options range from burgers to salads to steaks. Breakfast is also served here and I believe it's all day, it should be served all day....c'mon it's Vegas!
4	I've been to the Grand Lux in Chicago a couple of times and was satisfied with my meal, so at 2:00 a.m. when I saw this restaurant was still open, I was happy.  Sooooooooo goooooood!!!!  I ordered the vegetable omelet, It was delicious, and I was pretty much open for anything at that time of the morning.  (Also I was totally sober!) Service was great, coffee was hot and fresh, food was delicious!  I was pleasantly surprised for a restaurant to be open that late/early and for the food to be that good!
4	I ate here with some friends right before taking off for the airport.  The portion sizes were huge for the price.  The service was a little too slow for us, then again we were in a hurry to make our flight.
4	This is for the G.L located inside the Venietian. I have eaten here at least 50 times and have never had a bad meal,or service. I always ask to be seated out in the antriem its alittle more airy,and great for people watching. First of all the waiter/ess will put down some warm bread with dipping oil. This itself may fill you up.  Quite often I order the baked salmon,it comes with a small portion of garlic potatoes,and green beans. I also enjoy their hamburgers as well as the sloppy joe's.  All in all I believe you will allways get a good dinner at a reasonable price.
5	Excellent food and good quick service. We had breakfast there, and I really liked the diversity of items on the menu - not just the regular "eggs & pancakes".
4	I ate at the Grand Lux Cafe (GLC) at the Venetian Resort this evening -- one of many visits to this restaurant since the top-rated Venetian opened in May 1999. I arrived around 6:00PM after cruising the G2E Global Gaming Show all day. The restaurant was crowded but, thankfully, there was no wait to get in.I was promptly greeted by a friendly hostess and was offered a seat in the Bar area rather than the main restaurant. (I'm glad they didn't seat me on the casino terrace as I don't like that area at all -- mostly because the scent they fill the casino with is obnoxiously strong there.) There are two TVs in the bar -- one was tuned to a sports channel while the other was tuned to the first presidential debate.The restaurant areas I visited appeared clean, fresh and well-cared for. My table and seating area were also clean and the table was set for two. I was given a glass of water, a 1/2 loaf of their amazing sourdough bread and a generous serving of butter within just a few short minutes of being seated.My waiter, Charles S., was very friendly and attentive and he wholeheartedly agreed with my choice of dinner: Pasta with Grilled Chicken, Tomato, Basil and Mozzarella. The large main dish portion was made with fresh ingredients and presented nicely on a large clean plate. There was lots of tasty, well-prepared pasta with a tomato, cream and garlic sauce; a generous portion of flavorful grilled chicken breast; and many appealing small orange and red pear-shaped "mini" tomatoes. The dish was garnished with fresh mozzarella cheese, grated Parmesan cheese and a basil pesto. The menu claims the tomatoes are roasted but mine did not appear that way. A very delicious and filling dish. The iced tea I was served also passed muster though the refill I was offered was a tad strong for my liking.GLC is owned by the same company that owns The Cheesecake Factory. I have eaten at many GLC locations across the country and I'm always happy with the facility, food and staff. The price for meals is a bit on the high side (my dinner this evening with tax and just over 20% tip was a tad under $26) but well worth it for the quality of the experience.-- 4.3 well-deserved stars
1	The restaurant reeked of cleaning chemicals and gave me and all my friends headaches.Brunch buffet options were scrambled eggs, hash browns, pancakes, a fruit plate, pastries, and an omelet station. In short, the exact opposite of what you go to a Vegas buffet for. For essentially the same price you could have gone to the Wicked Spoon instead - that place was fantastic.TLDR - compensates for a pathetic buffet by making you feel too sick to eat.
4	Been here multiple times over the past two years. Service is always very good, prices are more than reasonable - especially for Vegas, and has one of the best Hamburgers I've ever had
4	Grand Lux is for you if:--You're staying in the Venetian or Palazzo--You want to spend less than $15.00 per person for a very nice brunch/lunch--You want kind and helpful service--You want to be seated immediately--You want lots of options and choicesThus my four star review, which surprised me, since it's owned by the folks who own the Cheesecake Factory (which I consider the bastion of decent mediocrity).  Everything we had was uniformly good, and one item--the Duck Triangles (crispy wrappers filled with minced duck, onions, garlic, ginger, soy and sesame)--was absolutely stunning. We left feeling full and pleased.
4	This restaurant is seriously good.  Definitely a fan of their asian nachos & omelettes! Whenever I'm in Vegas, within the vicinity of Venetian, i'm down to munch here! Service is excellent. Though, it can get super busy on weekends!
4	My go-to for post clubbing food. Good food, decent service, reasonable prices, good portion sizes. No complaints. It isn't "OMFG! this is the best place ever," but I am a fan for sure.
4	Not sure if I'm reviewing the correct Grand Lux but... IDK. This place is bomb. I like that it's open 24 hours - perfect for Vegas.Their food is deliiciiious. It is basically Cheesecake Factory, same style of food, same decor. The food is good though, from pastas, to sandwiches, to smoothies and drinks. Never had a bad meal here!
5	I have been eating here since the first weekend they opened. I have had breakfast, lunch, dinner and late night snack and have never had a bad meal.It's owner by the Cheesecake Factory so you know quality and good food is there standard.There Asian nachos is one of my favorites dishes, crispy won tons top with cheese and peanut sauce served with fried rice. A dish you must try.They now have a small bite menu, a good value with nice size portions. BBQ sliders and Korean tacos are some of my favorites.The sandwiches and salads are also great.The desert, well like I said its own by the Cheesecake Factory so you know they are great.I will be back every time I'm in Las Vegas
4	Stumbled onto this place while at a convention and I have to say the service was OUTSTANDING and the menu was great.   Great selection if you just aren't sure what you are hungry for.Great selection of salads.Our food was great, I am sure we'll be back again!
5	Asian Nachos (6/5 NOMs). Holy fried wontons! This is probably one of my top pic in Vegas so far. Its Asian-Mexican fusion dish! I just ordered this appetizer as a full entre. And trust me such a big order that it will fill you up. Where can you find Crispy Fried Wontons as chips Covered with Chicken in a Sweet-Hot Peanut Sauce. Topped with Wasabi Cream and Melted Cheese. Peanut Sauce was very strong, maybe a bit too much, but I didn't mind it and ate the whole thing. Got to get this again!Waffle (5/5 NOMs). Waffle me up with thick waffle. Can never go rong with something so thick. Great way to start the day :) or continue late night of clubbing! Nice and thick, just the way waffle should be.
4	I was in town for a long weekend with and woke up Sunday afternoon with a craving for a burger. I Yelped the area and received several reviews.  You walk in to a familiar setting with the look and feel of the Cheesecake Factory.  The bugers my party ordered were cooked to our specifications and within a very timely manner.  Try the Grand Lux Burger Melt! If you like a good "melt in your mouth" beef burger, with thousand island dressing, melted cheddar cheese, sauteed onions sandwiched between slices of Parmesan cheese bread... you'll enjoy this.
4	Late night goodness. So the Grand Lux is open 24 hours but I only ever find myself here when it's past midnight. On this night, one of the people in my group was complaining how hungry he was. I instantly recommended grand lux because I knew that it had a million items on the menu. My favorite item is the potato egg roll which is basically mashed potatoes with bacon wrapped and fried and served with sour cream. Yum! One of our group got calamari which was surprisingly melt in your mouth at 3 am. The menu is very extensive and there is something for everyone including alcohol and even gluten free options. The location is convenient in the Venetian and the prices run around $5-$20 depending on what dish you order.
5	Spicy avocado burger. Enough said. Perfectly cooked medium and tasted great overall. Only bad part it was very greasy/juicy but that can be a plus if you like that. Service was great and fries were decent. Friend dragged me here after he kept raving about it and had to finally try it-wasn't disappointed. Would definitely recommend if you like juicy burgers at a very reasonable price ($13 for a gourmet burger in vegas not bad at a all).
5	I went to Vegas with my husband a couple of years ago and we ate here. I had never had chicken and waffles before, and I don't know what compelled me to order it, but I did. Since then, I have ordered chicken and waffles at countless other places. Nothing, NOTHING, comes even close to theirs. I dreamed that one day, we would cross paths again!When I finally found myself in Vegas again, the ONE thing I really wanted to do was go the the Grand Lux Cafe and eat chicken and waffles. Everyone who was with me on my second trip to vegas I have converted everyone to a chicken and waffle loving maniac.My friends got huevos rancheros (amazing), pancakes (amazing), chilaquiles (amazing).My only complaint about this place is that their cappuccinos are awful.
4	We enjoyed the breakfast buffet - not too large and overwhelming like some can be.. Good atmosphere and nice music played at just the right level!
4	I was seeking fried chicken and waffles and found Grand Lux Cafe on Yelp. I enjoyed it; though the fried chicken was under seasoned. My friends got various omelet which were very well made and good. The place is huge so we didn't have to wait too long for a table even though we waited in line when we arrived.
2	Wow I expected much more from one of the Venetian's flagship eateries.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=I4InWGszg4yUFN2ReYq_Ig&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwI stepped up to the plate as I was debating between the Grand Lux & the new burger joint Rattlecan. I opted for the tried and true and struck out several times. I had no wait to be seated and as I was guided to my table I almost wiped out as I slipped on the greasy floor in front of one of the kitchen door. STRIKE ONE!.After studying hard to read the menu in the very dimly lit back of the resturant I decided on several items for dinner.FOOD ORDERED:Salisbury Chopped Kobe Steak House Green Salad A guy (manager?) came to me about 10 min after I ordered and told me that the chef did not like the look of the kobe beef, and would not serve it customers. This tells me that they didn't have any kobe beef. Regaudless, I had to pick another choice now almost 20 min into the trip.  STRIKE TWO!FOOD Re-ORDERED:Chicken Royale and Shrimp ScampiHouse Green Salad WHAT I GOT:House Green Salad ...  my salad and it was very good the blue cheese dressing was exceptional (although they charged me extra for it)  4****Starshttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=VRVeFAfNVQtqdjvAZ23rQQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwChicken Royale and Shrimp Scampi ... I was pretty suprised by the entree it had lightly breaded shrimp in a citrius tasting cream sauce, masted potatoes grilled green beans and a thin piece of fried chicken with scallions. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=tvJj23joNXjio7SdhYC5QA&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwThis was not like any scampi I'd ever eaten nor was the chicken although tender very "royal".  Both tasted ok but I was not thrilled with what I got. The Mashed potatoes wer good as were the beans even though they were cold.I finished my meal, the buss lady took away my plates and I waited for my check. And waited, and waited until I finally flagged down another waitress who said she'd inform my waitress, and I waited some more. Finally after 15 min I got a check then had to wait 5 more min for her to run my card. STRIKE THREE! Grand Lux Cafe YOU're OUT!The Grand Lux Cafe is is a very nice place with great atmosphere, maybe a tad too dark but it needs to really work on the service.I will not return to Grand Lux Cafe.
5	decently priced, generously portioned meals, pretty extensive menu --  coupled with an excellent mixed drink menu, made by the bar adjacent to the cafe -- makes this place an easy choice for those seeking a no nonsense and no frills experience in Las Vegas of all places.
4	I never leave here not full. They offer humongous portions and flavorful dishes. I like the sunday pasta, it has everything in it (beef stew with vegetables with sauce). I can come here for a solid meal breakfast, lunch and dinner.
3	We ended up at Grand Lux because the Venetian was going to be compensating our visits to restaurants at the hotel, and so we figured we might as well try it. When we headed in, the restaurant was a bit dark, with a very comfortable atmosphere. The service, however, was decent but not really great. They were cordial, but not very attentive or friendly, which I suppose was fine since we were more interested in talking to each other anyway. To start with, the drinks aren't bad at all. There was always something good to drink, at pretty standard prices. The food is actually mostly decent as well. We tried some dinner/lunch food such as burgers and also a chili dog meal, and they were okay, though perhaps not the best. The desserts, however, were absolutely wonderful. Our favourites were the creme brulee (I'm a huge creme brulee lover, so getting to try two was pretty nice) and the beignets, which were amazing. If I were specifically looking to go out, I might not choose this, but when we were headed back from the casino or the club, or just looking for something to eat nearby, it was a trustworthy option.
4	This is usually one of my favorite spots in the Venetian to go to at odd hours of the night because it is open all night long. I always get the buffalo chicken rolls which are usually amazing but they were pretty dry this past time I went. I definitely recommend the waffle with fresh strawberries and whipped cream around breakfast time. The smoothies are pretty good too. I tried the fresca pasta for the first time this past weekend and it wasn't amazing but pretty healthy.
5	I dined at the Grand Lux last night.  The food was average.  I had the southern fried chicken with roasted brussel sprouts and  an asian style coleslaw.  The slaw was bland and the sprouts were a little too toothy for my taste.  The portions here are huge.  I could not finish my plate, that is saying something.  What made this experience amazing was our waiter, Jose S.   I have had good service in the past, but Jose S went over and above all expectations!  Not only did he gladly ask questions of the chef regarding dietary questions that I had, but he when the computer told him that they did not have the item I desired, he took the extra step and checked.  Who would have thunk it?  The computer was wrong (even though two other waiters came by and told my table that they were out of fried chicken.)  The waiter can make an ok meal great, or make a great meal terrible (see my review of Nundini's.)  This waiter made the meal amazing.  Even though he was working on Christmas day, he was happy to be there, glad to help and treated us like guests in his own home.
4	A very fun and inviting atmosphere really ties the experience at Grand Lux together. This is like an upscale MGM cafe....but with much better food. The service has been great every visit. I'm not sure of their hours, but is open late so feel free to stumble in after a few drinks. Oh, and the salads are great!
5	Holy cow! The food is fantastic.  We ordered the lunch pizza salad, 2 different pastas including spicy marinara. It is just the best Italian food I have had for the price in Vegas. Must eat if u can.
4	It's no wonder I like this place, as I really like Cheesecake Factory. Tons of options and rather large servings. Came here before when staying at the Venetian, as it's open 24 hours (or until the wee hours) so always a place to dine whenever you're hungry in Vegas.We came here for lunch on our first day, and I just wanted a small meal since we were eating dinner in a few hours. The lunch special of half a sandwich, soup, and salad stood out to me and was a reasonable $9. Their complimentary bread was not my cup of tea since it's not very soft, but that was better for me so I could save my appetite for my lunch. The butter here is really tasty though!Although the restaurant was not busy, our food took forever and a day to come out. When it finally did I was pleased with my dish, as it was a good amount of food for the price. The salad was tasty, and they brought my blue cheese dressing on the side. The chicken mushroom soup was pretty tasty, and they give you a huge cup of it! My BLT however...the bread was so badly burnt, I didn't eat any of the bread. Also, I like my bacon chewy, but these were burnt to a crisp. Stole some of my friends' fries and dipped it in their yummy ranch so I got my fill of carbs.They also brought out a complimentary birthday treat for my friend, and their whipped cream was light and yummy, and the crisp that came with it was also light and tasty as well.Overall, we all enjoyed our meals, but just wished service was quicker.
5	This my favorite breakfast place.  Too bad I don't live in Las Vegas.  Every time I come to LV I come here for breakfast.Bacon is thick and crisp.  I can taste it now!  Coffee is great.  The made-to-order omlettes are delicious.
5	I ate here with my family. Apps: We shared the chicken lime mango salad and buffalo chicken rolls. Both were amazing! Portions were huge.Entrees: for my entree i had the pasta telephono which was good. But the gnocchi were AMAZING! Possibly the best pasta dish I have ever had. Service: Our waitress was very nice and informative even suggesting menu items that turned out to be fantastic!OVERALL:food- 4.5service- 5total- 4.75 rounds up! (QUICK, RELATIVELY CHEAP, GOOD SERVICE AND EXCELLENT FOOD)
4	This place is an indecisive diner's worst nightmare! The menu is huge and features most everything one could think of!We experienced very good service here. The food is average but the portions are huge! Prices are relatively cheap, just be prepared to walk away with a doggy bag!
3	Exactly like the Cheesecake Factory. Ordered some food to go at the bakery side: the calamari appetizer and the margharita pizza and a whoopie pie. The calamari also included fried zucchini (I skipped on the onions). Both calamari and margharita pizza were pretty salty--downed my entire liter of bottled water during the meal. The margharita pizza was also pretty thick for a pizza I expected to be more thin crust. Both do not stand well for consumption the next morning. Whoopie pie was okay, though the cream in the middle was very heavy on the frosting.Portions indeed are huge. I probably would've been fine eating just the calamari appetizer without getting the pizza. Order was ready 20 minutes, so not too long of a wait. Pretty convenient for those who want a quick meal to take back to their room (restaurant is right near the hotel room elevators!).
3	A group of coworkers and I went there several times during a conference for lunch.We were seated quickly each time, but food always took a very long time to be served. Service was friendly, however.Food was decent, but I did love my Ahi Burger.This restaurant is a higher end version of the Cheesecake Factory, but if I had to choose, I prefer the Cheesecake Factory.
3	Went here for brunch on New Years Day. The restaurant is open most of the day and has the ambiance of a french cafe in Paris. Had the buffet for brunch. It had been raided and it was a bit of a mess. The food, especially the sausage, was tasty so ignoring the mess at the buffet it was a good experience. We told the waiter about the lack of food at the buffet, and she was largely ignorant. Not the service I expect at a place that charge you $20 for brunch.
3	Came here on New Years Day, mid afternoon. They seem to have their JV service squad on the floor today.  Our waitress seems to be bored and confused. She left our table unattended with 5 empty drinks, 2 empty appetizer plates, 2 empty bread baskets and all the butter gone for over 20 minutes before coming over to refill our drinks. However, food was DELICIOUS! And the waiter who ran out our appetizers was stellar, giving us ranch intended for his table and swinging back through the kitchen to get more for his actual table.
5	This place deserves 5 stars: 4 stars for the food and +1 stars for being open 24/7.Leaving the club at 3 AM and super hungry? This place has legitimately good food for a decent price.  Waking up at 6 AM to drive home and avoid the insane NYE traffic? Thank God for Grand Lux!I tend to eat here every time I come to Vegas, which is saying something.  Usually it's in the wee hours of the morning but I'm happy to say that the service and food has never failed me.  For breakfast I really recommend the Joe's scramble (Palazzo Grand Lux) and red velvet pancakes.  The hubby really likes the protein breakfast.  My friend ordered the Shepard's pie for dinner and said it was really amazing.  This place is owned by Cheesecake Factory so everything is going to taste pretty good, you literally cannot go wrong!  Tip: Only the Venetian Grand Lux is open 24/7.  The one at the Palazzo is not, but has slightly different menu options.
4	I came here for brunch and the wait wasn't as long as i thought it would be. The line was long but it moved really fast. They also have a breakfast buffet which I didn't try out. Which I believe is $17. I got the red velvet pancakes and they were really good. And it also comes with cream cheese frosting. They're also open 24 hours.
4	The Chicken Pot Pie is awesome comfort food to fortify you for a night of drinking and gambling.For breakfast, you can't beat their chicken and waffles.And at the wee small hours in the morning, a burger is always great.I have never had a bad service experience, always prompt and courteous.
4	3.5 stars! My sister ordered the chicken and waffles. The chicken was really dry and unseasoned, but the honey pecan sauce that came with it was very yum-o. It was the only thing that could save the dryness of the chicken. I ordered the egg white omelette with ham, spinach, onions, mushroom with English muffin. But they got my order completely wrong and gave me some omelette with cheese and wheat toast. But I forgave them because they were gracious about it and the adowobo manager apologized to me. It was $12.95, but the $16.95 buffet would have been more worth the price since that included custom omelettes as well. When my order came again, there was too much ham, but barely any spinach. Booo. They had typical but delicious buffet items. I will come back!
4	Ordered breakfast to go since we were out of time our last day in Vegas. Got this scrambled egg thing with hash beef, potatoes, and a bagel with cream cheese. We didn't get any of the ambience so I can't say much for that. For was okay, but we definitely need to come back for lunch or dinner. Service was superb.
4	Came here with my boss on a business trip as our first dinner.  As we approached the host, we were greeted with eye contact, a salutation and a hand beckoning us in.Imperial pint of Boddington's...Check.The menu here was extremely enticing and I found myself struggling to select just one dinner.  We decided to order a plate of nachos as an appetizer to start us off and quench some of the hunger within.  After drinking some beer and some nachos we decided it was time to get some dinner.Boss order a cheeseburger and I opted for the Grand Lux burger (with the spare rib on it).What was delivered was a vision of pure deelish.  I love burgers (I've done Collin's Pub, XXX, Red Mill, and so on)...and this burger definitely would give them all a regimental rodgering.I think I spent about 15 solid minutes just savoring all of the flavor of this burger.  Whatever they did to my burger I hope gets repeated into perpetuity because it was magical.Enjoy Yeeps.
4	We came here twice, which says a lot. Once for breakfast, the other for a fourth meal. Breakfast was generous in portion and tasty (omelette and smoked salmon). Fourth meal hit the spot: short rib grilled cheese and the spicy carnitas sandwich.
5	Probably one of the best 24 hour diner/cafes I have ever been too! ONLY in Vegas! Great place to get your munchies fulfilled after partying the night away. Food here taste like heaven! My girls and I have this routine where we wake up late, eat around 2 pm, get ready at 6 pm to go out....actually go out....then finish clubbing at around 3 am and by then...we're STARVING! So this place is so awesome that it is open all the time! The food isn't gross either. The portions are large and the prices are just right! They even give you bread while you are waiting for your food. I got the Modern Cuban Sandwich. Fresh fries and the sandwich was so good with the sweet meat and a hint of sourness due to the pickle and mustard. Really good! I couldn't even finish it and ended up saving it for the next day. Everything on the menu sounds good here. It was such a struggle for me to settle with the Modern Cuban Sandwich. My gf's breakfast  sandwich looked amazing! The egg looked so fluffy and vibrant next to the bacon, cheese, slabbed between two slices of bread. GAH. This place reminds me of a Cheesecake Factory! Their cake options looked so tempting...but we were already feasting late at night...we decided to have portion control. Need to come back here to try their dinner menu! Asian Nachos? Chicken & Waffles? All the food looks so good! Best all day everything. Good looking breakfast, lunch, and dinner, late night!
4	You have to try the Caramel Chicken. WOW! My wife and I love this place and try to have at least one meal here when we are in Vegas. they have a huge selection, portions are big and the food is great. I have always been seated pretty fast and always seem to get a good server.Highly recommended.!
4	This is the best value within the Venetian  in Las Vegas.  As I understand it it is related to Cheesecake factory.  They serve large servings and it was always good.  I ended up eating there several times.  I found it better then many of the celebrity restaurant on and around the strip.When your tired of spending too much for so so food, go here.
4	First time in Vegas.. first restaurant that I went to.Just below Tao is Grand Lux Cafe. They're open pretty late if not, 24 hours. My friend took me here for late munchies after TAO. I've only had their Fettuccine Alfredo which was delicious.The price is average. However, the service is not as good as you would expect it to be. I would assume it's because people usually come here at the wee hours and drunk. So, they don't need to provide excellent customer service.I possibly would dine here again, but I just end up at some buffet.
5	Okay, so this review is only about their Sunday Night Pasta, a misnomer since they serve it every day. We did take-out, thus we had no experience in the restaurant or with the servers. But based on their Sunday Night Pasta, I HAVE to give this restaurant 5 stars. It's amazing. The braised beef chunks are tender and tasty, the meat sauce is perfect (not too overwhelming), and the spaghetti noodles are nice and buttery. This dish is neither too heavy nor too light, and the portions are generous, enough for two people. I highly recommend this dish, and I would be willing to go back and try other things. Additionally, the prices are reasonable as compared to similar restaurants (the Sunday Night Pasta was $18).
5	Summary: Fantastic!  Better than I remembered of the one in Beverly Hills.  Great food, selection, service, and value.  Nothing to complain about; only compliments.My buddy and I were in town for CES and in need of a no-reservations-needed dinner at around 8pm on a Friday.  I had been to the Beverly Hills Grand Lux numerous times in years past and always enjoyed it, but it never really stood out as a great restaurant to me.  When I called this Grand Lux there was no wait time, so we made our way there from Caesar's and were immediately seated.We ordered a couple of drinks (I ordered the house Chardonnay, which was by Beringer and was a great deal at $7 and really good), looked over the menu and decided to share a few items.  The three we chose were:Short rib sliders - Four little sliders on brioche buns, stuffed with super tender and flavorful braised short rib and topped with a creamy horseradish sauce.  Fantastic!Avocado-Chipotle Cheeseburger - A pretty massive cheeseburger.  Messy and kind of hard to eat, but with delicious ingredients.  A nice kick, too.Spicy Carnitas Sandwich - An excellent mix of textures and flavors.  Crisp on the outside and super tender on the inside.  A great sauce was provided with this one and it was delicious.Each of the entrees came with a side salad, so for around $35 we had a great quality meal and were satisfied with the quantity of food, too.  Can't recommend this place enough.
4	Got the breakfast sandwich and it was great, as were the hash browns.  Price was reasonable and great for being in the Venetian.  Service was a little slow to refill waters but it was crowded.
4	After walking the strip to find a breakfast place without a ridiculous wait on a Saturday morning we stumbled upon Grand Lux Cafe in the Venetian. The wait was only 15 minutes and our waiter was incredibly courteous, knowledgeable and fast. They were offering a brunch buffet, and you could also order off of the menu. I ordered a mimosa and Eggs Benedict with hashbrowns. Everything was delicious and the eggs were cooked perfectly! The hollandaise was perfectly lemony and not salty - the menu said that it was "the best", and I can definitely see why. My boyfriend ordered the DeLux Breafast Sandwich (scrambled Eggs, bacon, ham, grilled tomato and havarti cheese on grilled brioche bread) and he said it was Awesome! Another plus - the prices were pretty good, given that it was Las Vegas. I would definitely come back here for brunch!
4	i heart grand lux, and was so happy to find one in vegas it was quality food at a good price and i already knew what was on the menu to persuade the picky eaters in our group .we had the short rib and perogies, seared salmon with pea sauce, and the indochine shrimp and chicken.  we were all very satisfied. the service was good and so was the food.
4	I have to admit, I am impressed with the Grand Lux Cafe.  When you're in the Venetian and looking for a place to eat, you got high-end, food court, and their Grand Lux Cafe.  Just from the gold decor, attentive well-dressed attentive servers, and the ambiance, you'll start thinking this is a pricey restaurant to eat at.  Nope...the Grand Lux Cafe is very affordable and the prices for their cafe/grill food mimics a local Denny's or IHOP.  But that's the just the prices that mimics these chain branded restaurants.  Food quality, presentation, service, and selection is all top notch here at the Grand Lux Cafe.  In other words, you cannot go wrong here.Grand Lux Cafe serves everything from breakfast to high quality meals like Filet Mignon.  Such a huge selection, I had to ask the waiter to give us extra time to decide.  In the meantime, we got our bread served and it was killed in minutes. For dinner, we shared the calamari which is also served with fried vegetables and fried shrimp.  I don't eat vegetables, but there's something about fried vegetables that makes it go down better.  The calamari was delicious, lightly breaded, and wasn't rubbery.  Yes..I've had overly chewy and rubbery calamari, but not here.  Cristina P. had a salad and I got the Crispy Chicken Sandwich with a bowl of soup.  Let me add that there isn't a Crispy Chicken Sandwich on the menu, but all you have to do is ask and sometimes you shall receive.  My chicken sandwich was exactly how I expected it to taste...chicken breast that's golden fried, crunchy, tasty, and perfectly sandwiched in a hamburger type bun. In all, I have to say that the Grand Lux Cafe is an easy stop if you're hungry, undecided, and in the Venetian.  There's plenty for everyone here and the price is better than most.
5	Good food, decent prices and freaking huge ass portions. Seriously, you can share a meal with a friend...or a linebacker. Yes, they give you THAT much food. Great menu selection, everyone in your party will find something they like. Drinks are awesome too. Bonus: they are open 24 hours a day!
3	Great soup but I would pass on the Chicken and waffles... Great hours (24/7) Better than Cheesecake factory.
4	I am really pissed they don't have the fresh baked pecan chocolate chip cookies anymore...... someone needs to be shot for this.
5	Three months later and my sister-in-law is STILL talking about how good her chicken pot pie was! Everyone in our party was extremely pleased with the food (Kobe Meatballs, Kobe Burger, Chicken Pot Pie, and a Sandwich) and service here! I was impressed with the price vs. quality of the food. I don't go down to the strip all that often, but I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone headed into or near the Venetian!
4	TWO WORDS!!!  Asian Nachos!!!These puppies are the most ridiculous food concotion I've ever tasted!! It would be my last meal for sure! Nice ambiance, can get quite loud, excellent passion tea!
3	Why they didn't call this place Cheesecake Factory baffles me, because it is the same thing! The menu is massive, the portions were some of the biggest I've seen in Vegas (outside of a buffet) and it's the same selection of cheesecake.But for me - that wasn't a problem, because I've never had any complaints about Cheesecake Factory. Our cab driver who took us to Mystere across the street at Treasure Island suggested we try this place. I'm glad he did because it was one of the most satisfying meals we had while we were partying. I ordered a spinach dip appetizer for the table and the chopped salad for my entree (which I couldn't finish it was so big!)Service was prompt and attentive. It was a great base for our last night out in Vegas.
4	After catching a show at the Venetian, my wife and I decided to head over to the Grand Lux Cafe.  It is a chain restaurant that I have visited quite often at other cities (i.e. Fort Lauderdale and Chicago).  And, at each locale, it fails to NEVER disappoint.Compared to other Vegas Restaurants, Grand Lux is reasonably price.  It is not gonna kill your wallet.  And, it still manages to provide a quality meal that lives up to a "vegas" standard -- if there is such a thing.Walking into the waiting area is a bit intimidating.  The hallways are crowded and cluttered with people waiting to get in.  When we got our "waiting" buzzer, we were about 20 couples/groups behind.  Fortunately enough, the wait was only 20 minutes or so.  As you walk in, you are surprised at how large the interior is.  In Vegas, it seems that everything is more grand (yes - even compared to the Grand Lux in Chicago and FLL).As we walk into the main dining room, everything seems very well spaced out.  I love this setting!!  With the larger spacing, it allows patrons to carry on a more private and romantic evening.  Kinda funny, even though it was a room full of people, my wife and I could clearly hear each other's conversation and not ONE peep from the other tables!  Now, this is quite a change!Since we ate early in the evening -3-4hrs beforehand, we decided that we would skip the appetizers and not have desserts.  Instead, we just ordered two entrees.  I had my usual, Pot Braised Roast.   And, my wife had her 3 way cooked Salmon.  By the way, if you do not know what to order, it is a bit overwhelming.  The menu is like 8 pages long with like a hundred items on them.  Think Cheesecake Factory.... !!  I think they are both owned by Cheesecake.  Their menus goes on forever.  When I first came to the Lux, I would just close my eyes and pick a row.  Somehow, I landed on Braised Pot Roast and it has been my favorite ever since!The Braised is cooked to perfection.  Tender and soft.  There is a lot of fat!  Yum!! LOL!!  My wife went healthy and got the salmon.  We made sure that we requested that the salmon be "undercooked".  So many places overcook the salmon.  At which point, it becomes very hard and difficult to eat.  The meal was awesome!2 nice size "fulfilling entrees", 1 diet coke, and 2 glasses of water rung up to $50.  With Tip, the check was $60 for 2.  Not bad!!I would highly recommend this place.  Enjoy!
4	Just like Cheesecake factory. Amazing food. I enjoyed their Chicken Lettuce Wraps here. Super light and filling.
1	I called ahead for wait time, the hostesses sounded like she was half sleep. When we got there there were 2 lines and no one knew what to do. I walked up and the half-sleeping hostess quoted me 10-15 minutes. We waited in line for 30 minutes and they sat us at 12:05. We had gone there for breakfast, the server refused to serve breakfast because it was 5 mintues past 12.
4	Woah so good! Or maybe that was the alcohol talking?I went here with my buddies after clubbing at Lavo. I was so hungry but did not want anything too heavy, so I opted for waffles haha! First of all, I'm so grateful to our server. He was so patient with us while we were all being drunk and breaking things (we're so sorry!) He was friendly throughout, so we all gave him 18% tip. Back to the food, WOAH those were some awesome waffles! I originally wanted chicken & waffles but they ran out of fried chicken (sad face) but I was definitely satisfied with their waffles & strawberries. Their serving was pretty big and the waffle itself tasted soooo yummy and fluffy. I'm usually very picky when it comes to waffles because ever since the first time I tasted authentic Belgian waffles as a kid I've yet to find anything close to it... I don't think Grand Lux's was close BUT it definitely was delicious. Have I mentioned the size of their menu!?? I guess it's because Grand Lux Cafe is related to The Cheesecake Factory. I've tasted one of my friends' slider and I was impressed at the consistency of their food. At other places, some of their dishes are hit or miss but after tasting my friends food, all tasting very good, there's a good chance that whatever you order here will be delicious.  So whenever I'm at the Venetian or Palazzo and hungry enough to eat at the casino I'll most likely to dine here =)
3	How can a place give two dishes, one so full of flavor and the other totally bland ?Let me say straight off, I really wish there was a Grand Lux somewhere other than the Venetian or the Palazzo, the casinos themselves are very nice, spotlessly clean, but the management insists on adding over powering fragrances to the AC supply, I know I am not the only one to find this annoying, but in my case at the minimum I am getting a bad headache from it.Anyways, the powers that be (wife) decided she wanted to pit the grilled cheese and short rib sandwich we had just tried at Fat Choy against the offering at Grand Lux.For me it is a no brainer, the Asian Nachos all the way.Order in quickly, food out quickly, the Asian Nachos, superb as ever (the only reason I brave the smell of this casino is for this dish, yes they are that good), the grilled cheese.Well totally tasteless, whoever figured it would be a good idea to use swiss cheese, please make them eat 20 of these things and then tell me it's good.The short rib could have been the saviour, but it seemed to me that it had be have been flavored in 78% nitrogen, 21% oxygen and a few trace bits thrown in for taste, well ok it's air..The meat had no taste either.So on one hand you have a great dish (the nachos), on the other a lousy dish (the sandwich).Oh well, live and learn, the service was good, my drink refilled quickly.
5	get the cream of mushroom lunch special! the soup is fantastic and it comes w a large sandwich of you're choice and salad for $10.95watch out for the lemonade and OJ prices lol $5 a glassdef good food and good service- they are always busy so make sure you go ahead to avoid lines
5	This place is amazing.  Every time I go I am never disappointed.  Started out with the short rib sliders that are so delicious.  The meet is tender and the bread is so fresh.  My boyfriend had the chile cornbread in which he said was the best cornbread he has ever tasted.  I had the chicken and waffles for dinner which was so good.  The chicken is not heavily breaded and very juicy. The waffles are served with a pecan maple butter syrup which is out of this world and the waffle has pecans on top.  My boyfriend had the Sunday Night Pasta which has tender short ribs, mushrooms, onions, and ground beef.  He is never disappointed with this dish.  The place is open 24 hours so you can go anytime.  I recommend at night when there are not that many people.  Enjoy!
4	You have to appreciate it for what it is, and it is awesome. When you're hungry, hungover, drunk or stone cold sober it's great. Not to mention they're open 24 hours a freaking day. They'll even pack your order to go, for those times you just need to get back to the room. Like right now. Sure it's not small batch, farm fresh, artisanal and spit roasted, but it hits the spot when you need good food fast. Done. Grand Luxe I lurve you.
5	owned by the Cheesecake Factory this restaurant offers an abundance of selections in their menu similar to the Cheesecake Factory only the food is a lot better! portions are big and the waitstaff are friendly.  if you go ask for Jin! the fried calamari was cooked to perfection not rubbery or hard.
4	Always worth visiting when I'm in Vegas.  They have 2 locations which is convenient.  I've never had to wait for a table.  They have a broad variety of options on the menu and give huge portions.
5	This is the best restaurant in Vegas.open 24/7. great menu, I had the Walnut something something french toast, its there signature dish.I also on another day had this taco avocado scrambled eggs thing, it was also awesome.The waiter told me its the busiest restaurant in America,  I dunno maybe he was just bullshitting me to get that tip. But its definitely the best I had in Vegas. and its convenient because I was staying at the Venetian anyway..Will certainly come back again.
4	I heard about Grand Lux Cafe through a few friends, and I am very surprised I have never heard of it before (considering there is a HUGE location right in Chicago that I passed by yesterday). But anyway, I decided to check it out as our last lunch/meal in Vegas before we had to board the shuttle. It was a Saturday afternoon, and the rush of people on the streets was insane, so it took us a good 20 minutes or so to get to the Venetian. I love that hotel so much - so gorgeous, but we didn't have any time to explore, so we rushed over to the Grand Lux (very easy to find) and got seated right away. It's a very big restaurant, with plenty of seating and a very "grand" and beautiful interior, but it was PACKED! With the little time that we had left, my boyfriend and I rushed through the menu and he ended up getting the Buffalo Chicken Rolls and I got the Spicy Flat bread Chicken sandwich - very good! My only concern was that the food took forever, so we literally had 10 minutes to eat and we had to go right away. The doggy bag came into good use when our plane was delayed for 5 hours... Anyway, this place reminds me so much of Cheesecake Factory, but that makes a lot of sense considering it's the same owners. With that being said, the menu is endless, so I will def be making my way back here next time I am in Vegas. I LOVE the fact that it is 24/7, and I wish I knew that when I was there Fri night around 4 am when we were starving and everything around Cosmo had closed. Service was good, but like I said, the food took way too long. I'd recommend this location and though it's a chain, the prices are very reasonable and there is def something on the menu for everyone.
5	In Vegas, when in comes to food, the grand lux cafe is probably one of the best when it comes to pricetag vs value/quality of food you get. Especially in Vegas when you'll be paying quite a hefty dollar for almost everything.I've had the all you can eat breakfast buffet, the chicken Parmesan, and the ribeye.Breakfast Buffet: 4/5 Honestly it's hard to mess breakfast up so this part of the menu doesn't stand out in my mind.Ribeye: 4/5 Again though price for value, it was a very good steak for the amount you pay. Cooked pretty well to what I asked.Chicken Parmesan: 5/5 The BEST chicken Parmesan I've had hands down anywhere. When recommending items I always recommend this item to my friends and family and never were their expectations let down. The breading seasoning is just the right amount, with just the right amount of crispness in each bite.Servings are also quite generous.Service is not too bad. Positive servers. OK wait time for food and as long as the back area is open, the wait time for seating is not too bad either.
2	I recently went here because I heard it was almost like Cheesecake Factory. However, what started off as good service (being seated fairly quickly for a large group) was a plus until we realize how absolutely LONG we had to wait for our food. Our server forgot about us or something? While everybody else around us was getting their meals, we were wondering what happened to ours?? We had to ask a person who was not even our server for BREAD. We were seriously all famished and were getting extremely grumpy. I guess the manager realized we waited long and as a kind deed, he gave us free orange juice. After waiting what seemed like hours, we got our food. I got the combination of the salad/fetucini alfredo and I was extremely eager to eat. Once I took my first bite into my pasta, I was disgusted with the amount of salt in it. I never taste such a salty pasta dish in my life! I thought I was the only one, but my friends tried and agreed it was extremely salty. My other friends ordered pasta/salad combo and it was super salty as well! I do NOT recommend the nasty salty fetuccini alfredo. It was so salty I didn't eat it anymore. I do not recommend this place, nor would I ever go back. I am sure other dishes were better, but I just had a terrible experience due to the long wait, our server who forgot about us, and the salty meals. Definitely NOT worth it.
4	Solid. Open 24/7 and large portions. Perfect for after the club or early risers. I love the Asian Nachos.
4	Nice breakfast buffet for $17.50
4	We always eat breakfast here and love the omlettes.  Lots of fresh fruit and healthy food to get your day started!  Love it!
4	I LOVE grand lux cafe.. it's a better cheesecake factory (it is owned by the same company)  The first one I ever went to was the one in Dallas.  I love how there aren't that many, so it makes it kind of special.  Make sure to get the beneigts.  mmmmm.... But the one in the Venitian does not have Beneigts because it was the very first Grand Lux Cafe.. just walk over the the Palazzo and enjoy some! :)
3	This is pretty much your typical Cheesecake Factory restaurant here. You know what you're getting into when you dine at a place like this. The food will be good if it's exactly how you thought it would be. If it comes out not exactly what you were expecting, then you're going to end up with a lot of leftovers. If you're hungry, don't want to spend an arm and a leg and just want some good 'ol comfort style food then this is your destination.
2	Most places in Vegas are overpriced. This one especially so.Ordered a burger medium rare. I don't know if the grind is especially fatty or if they cook their patties in clarified butter, but it wasn't good. I just can't understand how someone could let a burger leave the kitchen in the falling apart, bizarrely cooked fashion in which it arrived on my plate.Not a fan.
5	Came here twice during my trip to Vegas. That says something! The prices are so reasonable and the portions are very generous! The small/almost big plates are the normal size plates in NYC. They had a great menu, everything looked great! I love the fish of the day where you get two sides. I had trout with a side of sauteed mushroom and sauteed spinach. So yummy! Wish they have this in NYC! Definitely stop by. It's inside the Venetian Casino.
5	My sweetheart treated me to a special dinner, (date night) here and it was Amazing from start to finish! My first time dining here and the anticipation did not disappoint!The Ambiance is fantastic, classy and romantic dark it just made us feel so good!We had a sexy little booth to ourselves and it was romantic cozy!What we had...Complimentary bread basket! Yums!Appetizer: Buffalo Chicken Rolls Chicken Breast, Cheese and Very Spicy Delicious Buffalo Sauce all Rolled in a Spiced Wrapper and Fried until Crisp. Served with Celery Sticks and Blue Cheese Dressing.Liquor:Orange-Citrus Cosmo Grey Goose L'Orange, Limoncello and Aperol Shaken with Fresh CitrusMain meal:Chicken Pot Pie Chunks of Chicken Breast, Carrots, Peas, Pearl Onions and Mushrooms in a Creamy Sauce. With Housemade Crust.Main meal:Chicken Parmesan and Shrimp ScampiSide order:Green Chile-Cheese Cornbread Baked in a Cast Iron SkilletWow this meal was ridiculous good! My sweetheart said he wanted to take me out to a wonderful meal and he was not joking! He really spoiled me with this dinner!The service was Fantastic as well, our server was sweet as sugar and very attentive and full of great suggestions.The menu has so many items it was mind boggling trying to decide.I was pleased with what I ordered as I had the best chicken pot pie of my life!
4	We came here fresh off the airplane and starving.  I had the chinese chicken salad and it was a ridiculous amount of food.  That doesn't mean I didn't eat it all.  But I thought perhaps she had accidentally given me the dinner portion and I would have to debate it with her when the bill came.  But nope, lunch portion.  Whoa.  I also drank a crazy amount of water AND diet coke which she kept promptly refilling without complaint.  Our waitress was super nice and I thought this was a great way to begin our Vegas trip.
5	My siblings and I went to this restaurant late at night after the club and ordered burgers and fries! It was delicious! The fries were served fresh and huge. Dipped with ranch sauce. Bomb!! The burgers were moist and sooo good! I would come back again!
4	Come hungry!  You will definitely leave full.  If you don't it is your own fault.
4	I thought this place was great. Came on a busy Friday night around 11 PM and were seated very quickly, though our food had a bit of a delay that came with it, but the service was very friendly and apologetic. They have an unbelievably expansive menu and the prices are mostly reasonable for a high end hotel restaurant. The portions are ENORMOUS. Enjoy.
4	My last night in Vegas, I wanted some good eats within walking distance of my hotel. After checking yelp, Grand Lux fit the bill. My friend and I were seated immediately upon entering, and we got straight to ordering. I ordered a chocolate espresso martini to start followed by the asian nachos as an app and the chicken and waffles for my entree. My friend went with the chicken parm. Our server was really nice, and made sure coffee/ water was always full.If you like vodka, I would recommend trying their martini- that thing was strong! I switched to coffee and poured it in about halfway through. Asian nachos were great- fried wontons with rice, cheese, chicken, and two different yummy sauces on them. Entrees arrived soon after, and oh man, they were huge! There were probably 6 chicken strips on my waffle and my friend's chicken parm was easily the size of his 14 inch oval platter. Both meals were well rec'd- I took home the majority of my food (thank goodness for mini-fridges!). My friend said this was his favorite meal of our entire trip. So yes, more expensive version of The Cheesecake factory. So what's wrong with that? Absolutely nothing :)
4	would always eat here if i'm staying at venetian/palazoo.ur basically looking at a cheese cake factory clone, except that you're a 10 second walk away to blowing your paycheck right after dinner.tried most of the stuff on the menu and the only things i didnt really like would be their chicken salad sandwich and their pho-like noodle dish. can't go wrong with their burgers or their pastas. unless your on a diet.protip: get that grazie card, save me a 1.5 hour wait this past weeeknd. they have a separate line for grazie members. for any stingy readers, grazie club card=free. free=good.
4	This afternoon on a staycation with family, we ate in the Grand Lux Cafe.With a location in the Venetian, I felt like I was transplanted to a cafe in Venice.  Grand Lux Cafe is the upscale brand of the Cheesecake Factory. The restaurants are upscale with decent prices. They include a bar and bakery. The Cheesecake Factory website states that the Grand Lux Cafe came into existence when the Venetian asked David Overton, who was the founder of Cheesecake Factory to design an upscale restaurant for his resort. The story goes that he went all over Europe doing culinary research. The research resulted in the very first Grand Lux Cafe-where we had lunch this afternoon.   Our experience was that Grand Lux Cafe is upscale and affordable. Our table overlooked the extravagant Venetian.  In my opinion, where the menu shines is the lunch special. It is from 11 to 5. The lunch specials include Lunch soup/ salad ($10.95), Rustic pizza & salad ($11.95), Lunch salad ($9.95-11.95), Lunch enchiladas ($11.95), Lunch pasta & salad ($10.95-$11.15), and Lunch salmon ($13.25).  I was going to order the Lunch pasta & salad. When I asked the Waitress if the lunch portion is enough to fill you up, she answered that depends on your appetite. With that nebulous answer, I ordered the BLT with french fries. I don't think this was the kind of dish that David Overton was researching in Europe. Overall I was happy with the food.  I enjoyed having lunch in Grand Lux Cafe. I was off from work and with family. It is not too often that I get to have lunch in Venice. It was a change of scenery with good food that I appreciated. I am showing this appreciation with a 4 star rating.The Yelp 100 Challenge. Review 50.
5	My girlfriends and I visited this Grand Lux Cafe location in the hotel, Palazzo 3 times during a 4 night stay.  This is Cheesecake Factory location.  Loved Happy Hour menu with the appetizers and $5 drinks special.  I loved the blueberry mojito.  As well, each appetizers were $5 each.  We ended up ordering Creamy Spinach & Cheese Dip, Chicken Lettuce Wraps, Crispy Thai Shrimp & Chicken Spring Rolls, Vietnamese Chicken Summer Rolls and Double-Cheese Mini Sliders.   Everything was yummy!  I really enjoyed the Vietnamese Chicken Summer Rolls.
2	I had the gnocchi here. it was just plain and very oily. And I'll be honest, I was pissed that there's no prices for their beverages. I paid $12 for my pasta and $5.50 for a tiny orange juice. That's just ridiculous. Why not charge $20 while you're at it? The service was fine. I'm sure there are better items on the menu, but to have the balls to charge me half my meal for a few ounces of liquid and not show anywhere the prices, you guys get a rare 2 stars from me.
2	Food was good but the wait was way too long to get in. My wife ordered a hamburger well done and the waitress said well doe takes an additional 15 minutes. Are the now using sunlight with a magnifying glass to cook. Why an additional 15. I don't know but it took 30 minutes to get our food.
4	Came here two nights in a row with my ladies. Had a completely different experiences!First night (03/23/13), we had a server named Paul. I'd give him 2 stars or less. Food was 4 stars.Caucasian guy with red hair. Worst waiter I've ever had. He wasn't attentive. When we would ask for things...he didn't even let us finish our sentence but walked away already -_- I understand that he can hear us while walking, but at least make eye contact & let us finish our sentence!! Rude. And we felt he was kind of racist. What, just cause we're Asians you treat us differently? He was soo nice & attentive to the table behind us, they were Caucasian... Good food tho. The chicken on our pasta was very tender. They cooked it perfectly, but bad service by Paul. It was my first time there, I didn't want to come back.But we gave it another try tonight... (03/24/13)This time, we had Judith as our waitress.And let me tell ya, she's the best ever!! Most adorable & sweet lady we've ever had ^_^ she smiles a lot, very friendly, and most of all very attentive! We're soo glad we got her as our waitress. Ended our Vegas trip with a smile :)5 stars for her, 4 stars for food.The clam pasta we got was a little salty. Probably cause of the clams. Other than that, my pasta pomodoro with chicken was delicious!! :DDefinitely coming back for Judith :)
4	the 4th star is for the fact that they're open 24hrs and im usually a fan of eateries open 24hrs. apparently, this is an extension of The Cheesecake Factory. it was good and the service here is great, i love when the manager walks around and has a conversation with his customers. even the hostess was incredibly friendly and conversational. that's important.if you're in Vegas, definitely check this place out for a late night meal
3	I love brie. That's a fact, Jack. So when I quickly glanced at the menu, my eyes were set on the turkey & brie sandwich. Turkey, brie, cranberry-apricot chutney, & arugula made up of this sandwich. The one thing that irked me was the overdose of mayo. The side salad was also overdressed. The waiter was super spacey, and couldn't remember anything we said. He also forgot to charge us for drinks, so that was good for us.
4	Really good sandwiches & serviceThat is all we ordered so I'm not sure about the rest of the menu. I would assume that everything is just as good.
4	Very much enjoyed our late night eats here. The portions were probably 3x bigger than what we expected, so value certainly isn't a problem. I enjoyed my shrimp scampi which was good, but too creamy for shrimp scampi. Our service was very friendly and reasonably paced. We didn't feel rushed at all.
4	I always have to come here when I go to Vegas. I love their corned beef hash breakfast plate. I haven't found a place that makes corned beef hash the way they do. This dish comes with toast, eggs, and hash browns. It's a Huge portion so it's a good plate to share with someone.  The food is really food but it takes forever to come out. :( Food is worth the wait!
4	Good fresh food. A must go. Buffalo chicken rolls.
3	Have been anxiously awaiting my first dinner at Grand Lux for some time now.  Finally went my last time I was in Vegas.  was not quite as epic as everyone made it out to be but I enjoyed the food either way, definitely better than alot of spots on the strip. Got a short rib grilled cheese, which if you have never tasted the combination of juicy meaty, grilled short rib and grilled cheese than I suggest you do so.  This is still a good example of this love affair but Los Angeles has several establishments where they serve a better one, Grand Lux's was slighly dry.  Nonetheless, it definitely hit the spot. :DAlso ordered the Asian nachos, which was my FAVORITE thing of the evening.  Made like regular nachos but with an Asian twist, and with Won Ton strips instead of tortilla chips which I feel is one of the more unique and impressive dishes I have came across in some time.  Their grand Lux burger was also good but not everything my friends ordered came out as spectacular as say the Asian nachos.  Would definitely come back here if near here while im in Vegas.
4	Stayed at the Venetian when I went to Vegas last week and after a long time of trying to find something decently priced for lunch, we stumbled back to our hotel and decided to eat here based on one of our friend's recommendation. It's a 24 hour restaurant and is a branch of Cheesecake Factory. I think they also had an AYCE breakfast buffet for $20, but I went with the lunch special of a soup-sandwich-salad combo instead. There was barely a wait. The food was pretty tasty, but I still need to try more dishes in order to really judge the food. Everything came out to be around $14 with tax/tip, which I think is pretty cheap in Vegas. I'd definitely come back here for the decent price and food!
2	It's basically a cheesecake factory.The portions are huge which is nice and the price is appropriate.I was feeling steak so I asked our host how their steak was and about the aging process. He proceeded to tell me that the steaks are really good and that the steak is not old but fresh. I should have taken that as a bad sign and ordered something else.But no, I had to get steak and I hated myself for it.I think they completely forgot to season the steak. It was just meat without any sort of flavor. It was also overcooked.Not very impressed.
3	service is great~ food is ok~
5	Had the BBQ salmon and it was to die for.  Great place to eat when nothing sounds good because the selection is immense.
5	4 Stars for food, plus 1 star for great service!Located in the Venetian Hotel, this is a good spot to try some quick American-influence entrees. I've been here a couple of times with a party of four or greater - of course here on business. It's pretty relaxing considering how crowded it can be. During my visit, the wait staff was very attentive, kept our water filled at all times. And kept on bringing warm bread. One thing I found interesting is how they broadcast their recent health and safety inspection - a wall dedicated to letter A's. It's actually quite nice. Food was pretty good considering the cost, and I must say, wait times on food is exceptional considering the crowd. During a tradeshow evening, this place was jammed packed - and we got our food in about 15 minutes. Very quick considering the crowd. I had the Spaghetti with Clams and Shrimp. Good portions of food - although, I would've preferred less Clams and Shrimp. It seemed a bit much. I also tried the Keylime pie - it was much larger than I expected - so, consider that a warning for those who have a desire with dessert. If your crew isn't sure of what to eat, then bring them here - a relaxing atmosphere, where there something for everyone to eat.
4	Great food with veggie options that r tasty!
4	i really liked this place, but just under 5 stars cause of inconsistent service. okay, their service wasn't at a snails-pace, but it just could have been a bit better. other than that, no real complaints. solid prices for Vegas, minimal-to-zero wait, huge portions and really hearty, stick-to-your-ribs food, well above my expectations and previous review at Studio Cafe.
4	Yummy restaurant, but painfully slow service............First time we were there, it took forever to get the bread! That's after asking for it too. And our drinks...... Took like 20 minutes! 20!!!!!!! The food was good, my boyfriend had something with chicken, pasta and shrimp, and I had the spaghetti carbonara.The next day I ordered pick up and brought it up to the room. The pancakes are delicious, so is their chilaquiles. Perfect hangover food.
4	Very good spot for chilaquiles.This version of chilaquiles is:Eggs Scrambled with Tortilla Chips, Red and Yellow Peppers, Chiles, Onion and Tomato Covered with Ranchero Sauce, Corn, Black Beans, Avocado, Cilantro and Pepper-Jack CheeseWe had very good service and the ambiance is nice.
4	Do you love the Cheesecake Factory? If so, you will LOVE the Grand Lux Cafe. I have been here 50+ times since I moved here 3 years ago and I plan to continue to go here. The food is consistently awesome. I normally get a lunch sized salad and a cup of their soup. My boyfriend is a big fan of the sandwiches and the pasta dishes. I find that the regular size portions are too big for me, but the lunch sizes are just perfect. The appetizers are all very good as well. Try to avoid the weekend mornings as they are extremely busy. If you use MyFitnessPal for weight loss, many of their entrees are listed on there.
4	This is a lunch staple when we are doing conventions in The Venetian/Sands. It's close to the show floor, the food is good and the prices are reasonable. It's got something for everyone and is nice enough for a business lunch. The Pasta Telephono has never disappointed.
5	This place is so impressive.  The food was excellent!  The service was above and beyond my expectation.  Very fast service.  The pricing was surprisingly reasonable.  I will definitely come back on my next trip to Vegas.
4	Everytime I visit this location it is super busy but they always manage to get me seated right away! I love coming to this particular one rather than the one inside of the Palazzo. They are both a grand lux however I have always received not only better food but also service at this one! The Grand Lux Margarita has got to be one of the best margarita's that i've had whenever i've been to a place like Grand Lux! As far as the entree's I really like the Thai Chicken Pizza which was removed from the menu so I eat the Chicken & Waffles depending on the night i order it, it's either really bland or over seansoned. The fish basket is also another good choice.
5	The service made this experience a very pleasurable one. As far as Vegas eats go....there's nothing special here. If you are looking for a good sandwich, VERY FRIENDLY staff, and the calming tranquility of some beautiful decor, this is your spot.
3	Have you been to Cheesecake Factory? If so, you should know what to expect from this place. While they don't serve the exact same dishes, it's essentially the same type of food, portions and price.Like most places in Vegas casinos, it can be difficult to find. It's on the casino level near the escalators that connect the casino floor to the Venetian Shops. This is by no means a 'must eat' place in Vegas, but if you're nearby and looking for a meal that's better than Denny's but cheaper than Tao, then give this place a try.If I was rating this place based off of my most recent visit, I'd only give them 2 stars because our food took forever to come out and when it did it was cold. But I generously gave them 3 stars because the other times I've been there this wasn't a problem. Perhaps it was the time of day when we visited. I think we got sat in our server's section just as she was about to get off. Finally, other Yelper's said they had good pancakes, but sadly I didn't get to try them (despite my intense post Vegas night out cravings) because they stop making pancakes at 11am. But they do make Belgian waffles all day.
5	Everything about this restaurant is excellent! Price,quality, service!We always take our guest here! Never ate at the one in The Palazzo.Weve never had a bad dish!
5	this place is so wonderful! warm bread always, good food, service is amazing. I always have to come here first when I get to Vegas. Wish they had one in the Bay Area. I se people compare it to Cheescake Factory but this is way better but yet somewhat similar. Located in The Venetian Hotel.
5	If you like The Cheesecake Factory, you'll love this place. It was created by the Cheesecake Factory to be an upscale version and they certainly succeeded. The place is beautiful on the inside and has a pretty cool patio inside the casino where you can people watch as people walk in and out of the casino. Service is fast and courteous. I love the Pasta Telephono. Every time I'm in Vegas, this is one of the places that I need to stop by for a meal.
5	I see a lot of reviews say the wait was crazy long for food. I didn't get that because we went during an extremely slow time. So although that didn't happen to me, it looks like it is something to be aware of in case you are pressed for time. My friend got the veggie burger, and she said it was without a doubt the best veggie burger she has ever had! The portions are HUGE, so my other friend and I split a pasta dish, and it was INCREDIBLE! It had bacon and chicken in it with peas and a creamy garlic sauce. Honestly, I wish I could eat more because it was amazing. Our drinks were good too! Between the three of us we had the house red Merlot, Lemon Drop Martini, and Asian Pear Martini. All of it: perfect. Service was great too!
4	HUGE portion.Get ready to get stuffed. Make sure to NOT order too much...lol
3	Okay so, in all honesty, I don't remember much about this place because 7 out of the 8 of us were EXTREMELY intoxicated by the time we got here. I remember a very select few things about this place...those things being:-huge and varied menu...like The Cheesecake Factory-I think the portions were big.-I think I got a burger, I think I liked it.-My husband tells me he got the short rib grilled cheese...and he also thinks he liked his.-The server was very nice...and very patient with a very drunk group of 8 people-We had 2 birthdays in our party so they brought out some cute birthday thing with a candle... couldn't tell ya what the candle was stuck in...but there was a flame, that I remember! I think I want to go back sober.
4	This place has a very versatile menu and every time I go the food is delicious.There are two; one in the Venetian and one in the Palazzo. I think that the venetian location is more private and the tables aren't so close to each other compared to the Palazzo one.As soon as you're seated you are brought a warm basket of bread and butter to hold you over while you browse the full menu. This place wont let you down and is a must try!
4	The Grand Lux Cafe is located in The Venetian Hotel & Casino, Las Vegas. The Venetian for those of you who may not know, is a very beautiful resort. There are beautiful interior features and rooms, a fabulous casino and a lot of places to dine at. There is something for everyone, from high end restaurants to snack bars. To each his own and I'm sure that even the most demanding diner will enjoy one of the restaurants. For me, I love coming to the Grand Lux Cafe because it has an upscale feel to it without the pricey menus. The fare is reasonable for resort dining and it's a very comfy atmosphere. I came here for dinner on this particular evening and we were seated promptly. Upon being seated, the waitress took our drink orders, customary green bottle and water with a lemon wedge. A basket with fresh baked bread was also served. Next we proceeded to decide on what appetizer to have. We agreed on this creation called a Double Stuffed Potato Spring Roll. Let me tell you, it's awesome! Imagine a lumpia wrapper with mashed potatoes in it, served halved, crispy with melted cheese and topped with green onions, applewood bacon and a sour cream dipping sauce... I was absolutely in appetizer heaven! Probably not something you can partake in everyday, but a must when you are on vacay and enjoying dining out!  For dinner, I settled on the Ribeye and my dining companion had the Shrimp Scampi served on a bed of Pasta... I ordered the Ribeye medium rare, and that's the way I got it! Now that made me a happy diner. Now, it's not easy to prepare a Ribeye because you can't see it cooking inside, but they do a great job here. I was impressed because it wasn't a thick piece and the thinner they are, the harder they are to prepare. I glanced over at my dining companion and saw that she was happily enjoying her Scampi. There were lot's of generous sized shrimp and the pasta looked delicious! We enjoyed our dinner here and as for dessert, well, there wasn't any room left! Definitely a favorite whenever in Vegas, I shall return next trip!
4	On our last morning in Vegas, my two friends and I decided to stop by the Venetian to eat at the Grand Lux Cafe before driving back to San Diego. We wanted to fill up on some yummy food and be able to make it home without stopping to eat. Boy, did that plan work!After looking through the massive menu (you can tell this place is related to the Cheesecake Factory, so many choices), I decided to order the Chicken Parmesan lunch special. Advertised as a lunch sized portion, I figured it would be perfect for me to eat and not have too much left over. I'm still trying to figure out who the portion was meant for...a 300-lb man, perhaps? There was no way this little lady would ever be able to eat this in one sitting! In fact, I brought it home and made two more meals out of it!That said, the chicken parmesan was wonderful! Unlike others that tend to be dry, this was moist and flavorful. The pasta needed a bit more sauce for my liking (I like it dripping in it), but the waitress happily brought me a side of marinara. Priced at $13 or $14 (I can't remember), it was a great deal!Be prepared to wait awhile for your food but at least they offer complimentary bread and butter to snack on.
1	I have been to this place many times - over 10 times with clients.  Each time, we have enjoyed our meals.  However, on this specific occasion, I decided to take my wife, mother-in-law, and baby daughter out for mother's day.I have to admit that this was TRULY TRULY disappointing.  We arrived around 4:30pm and the place was not crowded (1/4 full).Our server sporadically came to our table.  However, much of the time, she ignored us.  She only came when we had to WAVE her down or ask someone to attend to us.  This is a definite no no for this type of restaurant.  The franchise owner should be utterly embarrass!If the service was bad, the food was downright awful.  My mother-in-law ordered the 3 way cooked Salmon.  She specifically stated not to overcooked the salmon.  Of course, it came out hard and not flaky.My wife ordered the Kobe Meatballs.  It was dry and hard to eat.  You can tell that it was microwaved!And, the third strike, I order my usual, Braised pot roast.  Usually, it is tender.  However, it was dry and inedible.  It was hard as a rock.  It looked like it was sitting out and someone decided to NUKE the dish.  It has been a while since I have ever done this at a restaurant, I actually had to ask them to redo the dish.  The second dish was better, but it was still bad. With appetizers and drinks, the bill was over 100.  It was 100 too much for the service and type of food quality.We were so upset after the meal.  In fact, there is no doubt that they have lost us as "regular" customers.  This is the last time that this customer will ever come here again.  Ugghhh!!
5	You can't go wrong with the Grand Lux Cafe.   They have a large, diverse menu and everything on it is excellent!  It's a takeoff of the Cheesecake Factory so - of course!  There are locations in both the Venetian and the Palazzo so if one's busy, go to the other!  My favorite is the Sunday night pasta, where they take short rib bits, sausage, steak, and other "leftovers" and mix it into their sauce.  Another favorite is their version of the Sloppy Joe... mmmm.  Very good.  They have good Thai food too (really, a pretty in-depth asian menu overall).  I highly recommend this place...
4	One of our favorite places to eat.  Asian nachos are the bomb.  Personal favorite is the chicken and waffles.  Dropped it a star because the seafood wasn't up to par for Vegas food.
1	Disgusting food, terrible service, dismissive management.Group was seated at 11:30 and greeted by our server about ten minutes afterward.  We were able to put in our order by 11:55, but the food did not arrive until 1:20.  Our table was not served bread.  We had to flag the server down for drink and water refills.  We watched entire tables of people sit down, order, eat, and leave in time while we were waiting for our food.Our server repeatedly assured us that the food would be served soon, and a manager named Lisa even came by (after about an hour) to tell us that our orders would be up soon.  When the food finally did come, it was cold, had clearly been sitting, and was damn near inedible.I had Zen Noodles - described as pho on the menu, but in reality it was canned chicken broth (cold by the time it was served) poured over a clump of rice noodles with sliced chicken.  I was so disappointed - no seasoning, no flavor...just a lot of bland, cold, blech.No one else in my group even came close to finishing or even enjoying their meal.  The "extensive menu" is full of previously frozen/processed/reconstituted crap.  The food was below Denny's in terms of quality or tastiness.  I think the icing on the cake was when we let our server know that we'd like the check.  20 minutes later, she delivers the check.  One in our group was leaving from the restaurant to the airport for her 3:30pm flight, so she asked if she could close out first.  The server said yes, grabbed the check, and we watched her go EVERYWHERE EXCEPT THE POS TO CLOSE OUT THE CHECK...checking on other customers, talking to another server...it was almost like she was wandering around looking for something else to do just so that my friend would miss her plane.  When we asked the manager, Lisa, for help, she walked away from me and told me that they were really busy and the server would take care it when she could.Would never come back.  Hope this tourist trap hellhole gets converted into a roller skating rink or a dog salon or something useful.
5	My parents have been talking about the ribs and ahi salad they got at the Venetian the last time they were there.  So last weekend, we do the walk from the Aria to the Venetian (really long walk) in search of this restaurant. It seems counterintuitive that this great food comes out of this normal looking casino restaurant, but it really was good. I've been on a pasta carbonara fix (trying to relive my amazing Rome dining experience), so I ordered it with low expectations since every other place has been terrible. I have to say that this was the best pasta carbonara that I've had outside of Rome. It was a very cheesy cream sauce and with actual thick cut bacon. The whole meal tasted like smoked bacon. The lunch portion was huge and since it was very rich, I couldn't finish it. My husband ordered the short rib burger (short ribs are a topping on the burger) and he liked it a lot. Dad ordered the ribs and mom the ahi salad, which they both loved just as much the first time. Unfortunately, there were some cons. My husband's burger came without any dressings/sauces, which is a little strange. He had to ask for mayo and our server said he'd have to go to the kitchen to get it. My mom asked for soy sauce and wasabi. Our server told us they only had soy sauce, which was a lie because they had a wasabi dressing for the ahi appetizer. I suspect the wasabi dressing was in the kitchen and our server didn't want to go back after retrieving the mayo.All in all, I'd definitely go back and I'd order the pasta carbonara (maybe to share next time) in a heart beat.
5	After a terrible dinning experience at the food court at Green Valley Ranch, I was pleasantly surprised by our dining experience at the Grand Lux at the Venetian.  I have been there several times and have always enjoyed it, but this was the first time we went with our 3 girls.  We got right in, had amazing service that went above and beyond to help make it a nice dinner despite having 2, 4 and 6 year olds with us.  The Cobb salad was as good a salad as I have ever had at a restaurant; fresh, high quality chicken, bacon and blue cheese.  Wife loved her smaller chop salad.  Girls devoured the edamame, volcano shrimp and sliders.  I spent twice as much on dinner as the night before, but felt like we got a bargain.  Can't say enough good things about our diner.
4	On the upside;-food was great! (Got the chicken and waffles)-great ranch and BBQ sauce!-clean-did not get charged when I had to change my order after it was made-manager offered me some more bread while I waited for my food to be corrected, very kindOn the downside;-out waiter this particular day was exhausted and thus the service lacked , not to mention we had to look at our food for 5 min because he forgot to give us silverware Overall do recommend. Their menu is great and has a great variety. The burgers are huge and the salmon is awesome!
5	Huge fan of this spot after TAO or LAVO!  Love their Garlic Shrimp Noodle or their Eggs, any style, Hash Brown Potatoes with Toast! =P  Used to come here twice a week.  Miss this place!
4	Someone told me the Grand Lux was just like the Cheesecake Factory and they were right.  Lots to choose from.  Breakfast menu served all day long, lunch and dinner.  I opted for the cheeseburger (pregnancy craving) with the sweet potatoe fries.  YUM YUM YUM.  Hubby had the chicken and waffles and he cleaned his plate! :)  But again, if you've been to a Cheesecake Factory, it's pretty much the same experience minus the decor.
4	It's been a while since I've been to Grand Lux Cafe at the Venetian.  To me, it's still one of the most reliable late night dining spots on the Strip.  Their late night menu is still pretty impressive with a vast selection of burgers, sandwiches, pizzas, pastas, and even some Asian and Mexican specialties.On the night that I went though, I wasn't too hungry, but I wanted to fill my stomach with something to cap of the night before going back to my hotel.  So I settled with ordering their Short Rib Sliders.Short Rib Sliders --  http://bit.ly/11dsW4pI was pretty impressed that it came with four sliders instead of the usual two or three.  And these sliders were pretty loaded with chopped up short ribs.  Good stuff and these definitely hit the spot and satisfied my late night cravings.Once again, the Grand Lux Cafe never fails to disappoint for late night eats.
3	I enjoyed bread and butter. The Greek Salad was ok but seemed to be missing something I couldn't put my finger on. The mahi mahi dish was cooked nicely btu also was missing something. It wasn't exactly bland but as said, missing something. But it was a decent enough meal.On a crowded night, when I thought they'd never get to my table to take my order, the waiter appeared, When I thought, where is my salad, it is quick to make!?!? it appeared, and the waiter was friendly.
4	Had several meals and were all pretty good. A glorified diner, but food was fresh and unique.
3	I went here for lunch yesterday with a friend. I had never been in the Palazzo before, nor had I ever eaten at Grand Lux Cafe, so I was super excited to experience both. The cafe is easy to find coming off of the parking garage elevators, it's a quick jaunt across the casino floor. We were sat right away by a pleasant hostess and received a booth as requested. The decor is beautiful in this cafe and the ceiling is simply stunning. It is a work of art, very beautiful.Here's some pros & cons during my visit:PRO's1.) Large food selection2.) Delicious, complimentary bread basket3.) Great wait staff - courteous, helpful and kind4.) Fantastic pot roast French fry appetizer (I recommend), yummy Manhattan salad and penne with a silky, smooth alfredo sauce5.) Huge portions, easy to shareCONS's1.) Food brought out wrong the first time and had to wait while they remade it2.) Very pricey - think upscale, Cheesecake Factory3.) Large food selection - I spent 20 minutes flipping through this huge menu trying to decide on something to eat4.) The server we got was not knowledgeable on the menu. I asked simple questions like "what pasta does this dish come with?" and he didn't know.All-in-all, I would definitely visit again for lunch, however I don't see myself coming for dinner service. I can see how this is a great spot for tourists or hotel guests though. Make sure you have more than a 1 hour lunch before eating here. It does take a bit of time.
2	I always liked this place over the years until last weekend,when our entire meal was horrible. and it took 15 minutes before our server even came to our table.I've always ordered the pot roast in here but thie time it was dry and pretty much burnt.I sent it back and they admitted they were having "issues" with it.The salad I ordered in it's place had  soggy tomatoes that just ruined it.The others in my party were not impressed with their food either.The worst part is we specificly went to the Venitian to eat there on my recomendation and nobody left happy.The manager did come out and  try to smooth things over but the bad taste was already in our mouths!Also while seated in the bar in a low booth we had a birds eye view of a overweight 40 ish woman in booty shorts,whose legs were spead eagle at  one the high tables across from us.When she wasnt showing everyone her goods she was rubbing her companions crotch with her bare foot! If I'd of been able to actually eat my food ,I'd of probably of thrown up!I wish I could still love this place but I can't anymore.
4	It was our first night in Las Vegas. We weaved in and out of casinos, losing track of time and space and after a few hours, our stomachs begged for nourishment. Our problem? It was 3am. We walked the strip, discouraged by the quick stop places that were open and even had the "Dennys" conversation but alas as we slithered through another casino it seemed there was a place open for business and that place was the Grand Lux Cafe. The restaurant could have used better lighting but then again it could be seen as "romantic" atmosphere. Perhaps so much so that the patrons at the table next to ours may have gotten so lost in their own world, they forgot other people around them can hear their bedroom conversations.  I've never met the woman before but I now have a great knowledge of her working woman parts. I did lose my appetite quite quickly and luckily we decided to take our meals back to the hotel but I can't complain too much, it's Vegas!Pros: Best fettuccine Alfredo I have ever eaten in my life. Open late. Fast seating and service.Cons: Can be very noisy. But c'mon, it's Vegas, baby!
3	Loved the Sunday Night Pasta dish. Good prices for Vegas. Nice servers & ambiance. Would recommend to travelers. A better version on Cheesecake Factory.
4	I've eaten a late night apring roll appetizer when our flight was delayed getting in to Vegas. The food was excellent, the services was so-so.Next morning, my husband & I had breakfast from the menu before I headed off to my  conference. I took 30 minutes to get our food. Again, the food was very good, but the service was so-so. Today, we had breakfast from the buffet and it was very good. Again, the service was so-so, except for the persons working the buffet area. The guy making the omelets there was excellent.It has not been terribly crowded on the times we've been there. Longest wait time to get seated was about 5 minutes. The wait staff just seem uninterested in their jobs...
5	BEST STEAK I HAVE EVER HAD.I got the Maui Rib Eye and it was totally worth it. The steak was perfectly tender and season. I got mash potatoes as my side and wasn't really impressed with it. But I can't ask for anything more since they gave me the best steak I've ever had. They decorated with a pineapple slice, which I wished I had known that it was just for decoration before I tried chewing on it. I soooooo want to go back for the steak.
3	Came here on a Friday morning because someone online said there was. A breakfast buffet . but there wasn't it was an old post.We got seated in 7 minutesOrdered the Belgian waffles with strawberries it was goodSalad and pasta pomodoro, pasta was toooooo saltyRibs and half chicken, ribs were really dry, but the chicken was decent with extra BBQ sauce.The only thing I can recommend was the waffle.Our server Kim  was on top of her game .
4	We got seated right away for breakfast.  I love the Grand Lux in Chicago, and this one is just as good.
3	I'm happy I finally got to try this place on a recent trip to Vegas! First off, I am giving this place a star knocked off because of the extremely slow and rude service!We were seated pretty promptly for amount the restaurant was already packed. We ordered our coffees, which was good, and we wanted to order brunch, but the server managed to not come around for quite a while. I got the belgian waffles with fresh strawberries - which were heavenly! The friends I were with ordered some mimosas, and they did not come for a good 20 minutes, so they wanted to cancel it, but the server mentioned that were already made. My friends refused to pay for it, and the server simply rolled her eyes and took it back, and gave us attitude about it. She made my experience here really not very good, next time i'll make sure she is not my server! Overall, good food, mediocre ambiance, and RUDE service! I mean you have to eat in Vegas, so I guess some will have to put up with this rude service - definitely worth the visit though.
5	grand lux cafe always been a favorite of mines always get the  crispy caramel chicken never fails but since they no longer have one in los angeles i cant go as much as i want until i go to vegas.
3	Located in the Venetian, this place is definitely value for money compared to the other dining options in many of the hotels. Plus is it open 24 hours......We walked in here at 11pm on a Tuesday and were greeted and quickly seated. Our server however, was not a happy camper that day. It took her 15 minutes to acknowledge our presence or ask us for our drink order. Since we were starving, this annoyed us a little more that day. Avoiding another delay, we ordered everything at once. Once she had our order, she huffed and puffed away. BTW I must mention that this place is similar to the Cheesecake Factory (or so I was told when we checked in to the Venetian). Based on the menu, I can agree a 100%. It was 10 pages long - you have small plates, almost big plates, big plates etc. and the prices seemed to match those at the Cheesecake Factory. It took me 10 minutes to find what I wanted to eat and that also after scanning through only half the menu - maybe that is why the service is so slow - they like to give you time to go through the entire menu :)Sourdough bread is complimentary, however it was hard and dry and not comparable to nice warm bread. Maybe this is something the restaurant can change. For our food, we got the Asian nachos (based on the yelp comments and reviews) and volcano shrimp to start off. The Asian nachos are a MUST TRY. The nachos are freshly baked, crispy, with a sweet sesame topping, chicken, cheese and rice. The chicken is tangy and juicy, and the cheese does not overload the nachos (which is usually what I find on most occasions). The volcano shrimp were fried shrimp (the regular) but the dipping sauce was interestingly tasty - Spicy Chilli Aioli. For the entree, I ordered the Indochine Shrimp and Chicken and my wife got the Pasta Pomodoro. Both these plates were good enough for 2 people each (so all in all we got food that could feed 4). I enjoyed my Indochine Shrimp and Chicken, even though it was on the sweeter side with raisins and really lacked the Indian spices it claimed to have. The chicken in this dish was probably a little under-seasoned but the shrimp counterbalanced the chicken in this case. My wife's Pomodoro was plain pasta in tomato sauce and nothing really out of the blue, other than a huge plate of food.We waited another 15 minutes after finishing to get our check before walking out satiated though not thoroughly happy. The lack of seasoning and flavor in the Chicken (Indochine Shrimp and Chicken) and pasta (Pomodoro), and the poor service makes me give the place a 3 stars.
1	SAVE YOURSELF! DO NOT EAT HERE (unless you like bugs)! After a long flight and checking into our hotel at the Venetian we wanted quick and easy food. My boyfriend ordered a 7&7 and after taking a big gulp he realized there were probably about 50-75 bugs floating in it! How the hell could this happen? I have no idea- but I am going to give them the benefit of the doubt that it was a horrible mishap and carry on (ASSUMING THERE WOULD BE COMPENSATION AND AN APOLOGY OF SOME SORT). We'll I assumed wrong. We went on with our dinner (I got the Gnocchi which was inedible and aside from all of that, I had dried food on the inside of my glass). Got the bill and we were charged for everything. Our server was very nice and sent the manager over. This guy, however, was a joke. He was extremely defensive and rude. He was annoyed by the entire thing and gave a lot of attitude. I'm sorry but I just drank BUGS ate YOUR restaurant. You could at least comp ONE beverage. He grumbled, walked away without saying anything to us to resolve it. Later the server brought us back our check with the bug drink taken off. I would recommend this place if you like extra protein in your drinks :)
4	Almost exactly like the cheesecake factory (sister co) except in Vegas on the strip. We ate here twice the last time we stayed at the Venetian. The food choices are excellent no matter when you go and they are open 24 hours, so perfect for that hangover cure.
5	Was a perfect dining experience!
4	For a large, casino based restaurant, this place is great. We have been here at least 20 times through the years. The food is nearly always very good and if there is a problem, they do fix it. The walk from the covered parking is a bit long so it will take awhile if you are in high heels.
5	Excellent food.  Open 24 hours.  Don't let them fool you by saying breakfast only gets served to 11am as they have an all day breakfast menu that is fairly large.  This place is just perfect for hangover comfort food.
3	We came here after our night out.  The food is Cheesecake style - large portions! Service was OK, except it took forever to bring our food out! The wait was crazy, and they just kept on bringing us more bread.  By the time our food came out, we felt full and honestly I didn't feel like eating anymore.  Hope they learn to staff better in the kitchen!!  They aren't that cheap either!
2	You don't get to take chicken strips from the lunch menu, put them on a very average waffle and call it Chicken and Waffles!!!!  Thesse were by far the worst Chicken and Waffles I've ever had.  They weren't even good chicken strips.  Please please please go find someone's grandmother's fried chicken recipe and start over again.  You should immediately take these things off your menu.  They were HORRIBLE!!!!Wow!  Ok!  Now that I've got that out of my system, The Grand Lux Cafe has always been a "Go to" spot whenever we've stayed at the Venetian.  It's the affordable dining establishment.  Overall the food has always been pretty good and they're open 24 hours.  I'm sure I'll stumble in again some time.......
4	This is basically a 24-hour Cheesecake Factory, but better, by virtue of it being IN THE VENETIAN.We kicked off our Vegas trip here, after arriving around 11. Definitely started the trip off right with some surprisingly tasty cocktails - the Pineapple Smash was so awesomely summer, and the Shoot The Moon beer cocktail was really great as well. For food, the waiter accidentally brought me the Spicy Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, instead of the Spicy Flat Bread Chicken Sandwich I ordered. BUT IT'S OKAY, because he apologized profusely and gave us a complimentary dessert at the end. The buffalo chicken sando itself was spicy and friend and huge and perfect, and I am certainly glad about his mistake. I also tried my friend's kobe burger and it was really, REALLY tasty. One note, though: don't come here when you're counting calories.For (free!) dessert, the waiter brought out a Warm Butter Cake, which was, frankly, THE BEST. It tasted sort of like a waffle not in a waffley shape, and the ice cream and strawberries just really completed it.Overall, definitely an choice place for some late night dining, if you can excuse having deja vu of your local Cheesecake Factory.
5	I was really hungry and needed some serious food to compensate for all the Jack, I had been drinking.  Decided to eat at the Grand Lux Cafe.  It was crowded but they seated me quickly.   The waiter brought me water, bread and butter without me asking.  He came back to take my order in a few minutes. I ordered my stand by favorite Chicken Pot Pie and coffee.  The pot pie takes a little while to prepare so I ate some of the hot bread and yelped while I waited.  The pot pie arrived and was delicious. More a stew of big chicken chunks, potatoes, carrots, and peas with a flaky pie crust floating on top of the white gravy rue. Too full for dessert this time...5 stars. Food, service, and atmosphere all tops.
4	cheesecake factory's another name!  I dragged my bf to come here w me because this place had over thousand reviews.  hahahhaha  it was pretty good in terms of price, taste, and convenience(located in the Venetian hotel).  also huge portion!  you def. need a box for your left over food.
3	They're open late so it's a great spot for after-club munchies. Nothing like some chicken and waffles to soak up the alcohol. They also make a great chicken parmesan and some of the largest portions I've ever seen. They have a red velvet cake slice that's big as my noggin. The menu is large almost too large that one will begin to question if they can make all that stuff well. The servers are pleasant but the kitchen takes for-freaking-ever. The prices are decent for a restaurant with a nice ambience at the Venetian. Just keep in mind that your dining experience may take longer than expected.
3	The eggs on the buffet on the line gave me the trots! Other than that the food was good and the fresh squeezes orange juice was a nice gesture.
4	For the chicken tomato pasta, the portion was huge enough for 2 people to share. It was very flavorfull and would have never thought it was coming from "cheesecake factory". The turkey half sandwich with a chicken and muahroom cream soup and surpprised when it came with a little salad as well. The sandwich was basic nothing special the soup was yummy.  I asked for no mayo...I got plenty of mayo... so I sent that ish back but our server was nice :)
5	Dear Grand Lux Cafe,Thank you, thank you, thank you. When I've stayed at the Venetian or Palazzo you have always been there for me, arms wide open, 24/7. I am pretty sure you've saved my life at 6 am after a long, long Vegas night on more than one occasion. Sure, you remind me a bit of the Cheesecake Factory, but when my heels are in my hand and my eyeliner is smeared all over my face I just want a goddamned sandwich... and you're always there to hook me up. Thanks for that.-Lexie
5	We ate at the Grand Lux before seeing the Priscilla, Queen of the Desert show. It was excellent from start to finish. The decor is beautiful, the seating was a nice booth and we enjoyed the ambiance. We shared the mashed potato spring rolls and were pleasantly surprised by the size and quality of this appetizer. They are delicious, reasonably priced and plentiful. We then shared the roast turkey and brie sandwich...again, delicious and nicely sized. Also reasonably priced. The strawberry lemonade was a wonderful blend of what seemed to be real strawberry puree and good lemonade. We got more than enough to eat by sharing each dish and walked out spending less than $40, including 20% tip. All in all, a complete winner. We would happily eat there again.
4	The best part of my stay at the Venetian! The best beer prices in the overly priced hotel. The buffalo chicken rolls (appetizer menu) were awesome! Great place to grab a bite to eat any time of day! Staff very friendly,
4	Owned by Cheesecake Factory - similar menu but a little bit different.  No wait on a Friday afternoon which was a plus.  Service was fair - our waitress was not very friendly or attentive which would have been ok if we weren't first time visitors to the restaurant and Vegas!
4	I was at a conference at the Venetian so I thought Grand Lux would be a great place to enjoy a lunch in between meetings. It was very crowded on a Monday afternoon but there is ample seating at tables or booths so I was seated right away. There are plenty of friendly and competent servers to make the meal time pleasant. Now the menu can be a bit overwhelming with all its choices so don't feel like you have to chose the very first item that catches your eye. Make sure to read the menu carefully. My mai tai ended up costing more than my soup, salad, 1/2 sandwich combo cost, but it was a GIANT drink. My only gripe about GLC is that they always seem to have it so dark in there! I would like to see my food and my company while I enjoy my meal.
2	Horrible wait for food. Literally 40+ min after ordering and still no food on July 4th weekend. Food itself was pretty good but horrible service and wait makes it a 2 star.
3	I am reviewing on the sunday breakfast buffet.  It was kinda overpriced ithought..maybe coz i lost a lot in the casinos...but the buffet area was waay to small. esp with to starting points.  At the time i went, they seemed to have always run out of something.  I plate of breakfast food would fill you up so i think its better to just order from the menu.None the less, awesome service from our waitress.
4	Came on a Friday mid-day. We were seated right away and the server gave us plenty of time to decide.The pre-meal bread was very yummy. The menu is very extensive and there was so much to choose from. My friend and I settled with the Asian Nachos.. Very yummy! Definitely good to split. They were very rich.I would come back here. Decent prices for the strip and something for everyone.
4	From a night of dancing @ XS. . . we sure work up an appetite! Thank goodness this remains open during the wee hours! I always look fwd 2 Vegas trips and eating here!We arrived here around 2am. . . located in the venetian.A grp of six hungry girls. . . I ordered the garden omelet- it came with hashbrowns and a choice of toast, bagel or English muffin. . . i got a bagel.The omelet was filled with tons of veggies and cheese.  The egg was prepared light.  Very mouthwatering!Servings are HUGE! Service was a bit slow. . . but very friendly.  Thanks for being open late!
4	This place is delicious and I look forward to my next visit.  Vegas is always hot and humid, so venturing for food becomes quite a hassle and chore.  Luckily there are great places like Grand Lux Cafe that will spare you some time.  There is one inside The Pallazo and another inside The Venetian.  The first time I came to Grand Lux I had one of their chicken sandwiches with fries, about $13.  Its fairly big and pacts quite a punch.  I was stuffed for hours and even had to nap shortly after.  This last time I tried the burger melt, about $13.50, which also comes with fries.    The burger melt oozed from side to side with hot melted cheese and thousand island.  Every bite tasted just, if not better, than the last.  I highly recommend the burger melt if you're interested in a burger.  I got mine medium rare and it was delicious. Service was pretty fast and efficient.  This will have to be a must for me next time I'm in Vegas
4	I can see how this place reminds people of the Cheesecake Factory: similar decor and huge menu. Fortunately, the food is a lot better! We came here after finding out that Bouchon Bistro closes for lunch at 2pm, so started out a disappointing experience. My husband ordered a cheeseburger and I, eating for 3, got the fried chicken and mashed potatoes. WOW, the food was great!  We started with the spinach and cheese dip that had artichokes in it and was served with a nicely spiced salsa.My chicken came super crispy, but still very juicy. My husband's burger was a perfect med well and he really liked it. We were both happy, even though we'd wanted to eat at BB.I took the rest of my chicken to go and gave it to a guy sitting outside the casino and he said he enjoyed it as well, so I wanted to be sure to put that in my review.  Service was a little spotty. Hard to find out waiter sometimes because the place is so huge and drink refills were slow to come.  Not sure we'll be back because there are so many great places to eat in Vegas, but happy to know this place is there.
3	Stopped by this place for a late dinner with my brother. They must do great business seeing as they're open almost 24 hours. The cafe is a lot bigger than it looks from the front, with some seating in the front (with view of the casino floor) and a huge space in the back. The service was good overall, and the waiter didn't stop by so many times that he became annoying (props), but on to the food.What people say is true, the Asian Nachos are pretty good. Sweet, tangy, savory, and salty with crispy wonton chips and meaty chopped chicken. A plate of these is pretty much a meal in itself.The avocado-chipotle burger and the delux drive-in burger were both decent, but super greasy.The portion sizes are good though, and they give you a choice to swap sides. I had the salad w/ vinaigrette and it was good (left me feeling a little less fat). But I've been spoiled by Austin so my standards for burgers is a bit skewed...Price-wise, it's a bit expensive, but I guess "regular/cheap" for Vegas. It's a good place to stop by if your hungry and it's late.
3	on a work trip to Vegas I stayed at the Venetian for 7 days, so one night I had to try this Grand Lux Cafe for dinner. The food variety was great and the bartender/server was friendly. They were busy and it took awhile to get my food but I was in no rush.I had the buffalo chicken rolls and a salad.Not amazing but it was satisfying.
5	Best burger I've ever had on the strip, server was super cool and its 24/7! What's not to love?
3	It was Cheese cake factory
4	After a night out at Tao, my party split. Some were too drunk to continue the night, while others (including myself) held it together and carried on! I had the pleasure of staying at The Venetian, so we thought... Why go out to The Strip where it's incredibly hot? So we started looking... I'm not a big fan of going to sit-down places in Vegas; I really don't see the point. But the food court only had two places open - none of which seemed appealing. Luckily, a worker of the Venetian walked by us, so I (probably drunkly) walked up to her and asked if there were any other places that we could eat. She was really nice, pointed at Grand Lux, and said, "It's REALLY good." I was sold. We walk in (party of four) and are immediately seated. Our server is VERY nice and attentive - and please keep in mind this was around 3 am - so I really doubt he wanted to be there. I forgot his name, but the guy was awesome. Onto food: We ordered the BLT sandwich, someone else ordered a burger, and per the servers recommendation, someone ordered Asian nachos (AMAZING, btw). I ordered the Bacon-Cheese burger(!!!!!). The Asian nachos were freaking amazing... They're made with crispy friend wontons, covered with chicken, sweet peanut sauce, and wasabi cream and melted cheese! The plate comes with about ten of them, and we were all able to get one and enjoy it. It's just crispy goodness! Very yummy. My Bacon-Cheese burger was freaking good. I just reviewed GR's BurGR, and I was really unimpressed with the service and food. My burger was a disappointment. Luckily, I had come to the GLC the night before, so this burger was still on my mind. I ordered it well done, and it was made perfectly. It's ANGUS beef with crispy bacon, melted American cheese, grilled onions, and mayo. I really recommend it! I was starving, and yet, I couldn't even finish it. It was huge! The fries that it came with were meh, but nothing a little ranch can't fix. Overall, I can recommend this place for lunch or at least for the Asian nachos and burger that I ordered. The service was GREAT, but the time it took to get our food was a bit long... No matter. He kept checking on us, and made sure that our drinks were filled. That alone is good enough for me.
5	Amazingly Delicious!! We ordered the Avocado-Chipotle Cheeseburger , Short Rib Grilled Cheese Sandwich, DeLux Drive-In Burger ,  and the Pasta Carbonara with chicken.ALL OF IT WAS YUMMY! I will definatley return on every Vegas trip!
5	Came here not once, not twice, but THREE times. First night I was vaguely reminded of the Cheesecake factory. The menu and decor are pretty similar so I was excited. First things first, you're in Vegas. Order some cocktails. I had the Peach Bellini, Lux Cosmopolitan, and a Mai Tai. I was buzzing my way outta there when we were done. My party of 3 had the Buffalo Chicken Rolls and Crab Cakes to start, then onto the Garlic Shrimp Pasta and some Pizza. We had to rush to get to Surrender at Wynn/Encore. This was about 8pm Friday.5am Saturday, we were coming from Drai's after hours. We were STARVING so we had the famous Steak & Eggs dish.This time, we didn't get dessert. But wait for it.Following night it was 10pm and we were a little drunk. Not exactly throwing up everywhere and all but things were spinning and our sense of balance just wasn't happening. We came again and this place was kinda busy! 4am! These people never quit in Vegas. Our servers were extra helpful - must be common for them to get delirious people in Vegas because of the heat and the massive consumption of alc. I ordered the Sticky Bun Bread Pudding, friend ordered the Strawberry Shortcake. Let me tell you. I don't know why I chose that over the Cheesecake or the Molten Chocolate Cake, but man. MMM MMM MMM. Sweet, soft breading and crunchy cause of the pecans. Good portions too!I have to say, with the amazing experience we had here THREE times, we're coming back. Until then, What Happens in Vegas......
5	The Chicken Mushroom Soup never gets old here. It's perfect with the free bread they give out. I also got the Cuban Sandwich here, which isn't a pressed sandwich here. It's not toasted from the outside, which is a signature of the Cuban, but it was still good. The Chicken Parmesan was enormous ! It was definitely big enough to feed two people. It also came with a serving of pasta.
3	We really enjoyed our food but the service was absolutely horrible.  No one around us got drink refills unless they asked.  The server stood with her back facing the tables almost the whole time.  I was suppose to get a salad with my lunch and got the sandwich and had to flag her down to ask about it, when she did bring it she practically threw it on the table on her way by.  But I would eat there again.  Nice atmosphere.
5	The food is super-rich.  You will get very full if you attempt to eat everything on your plate.  I have ordered pasta and steak and both were excellent.  I would say the pasta dishes are the way to go, as the few sauces I've ordered were very good.  I got a bite of my wife's iceberg salad and it was very good as well.  They serve Cheesecake Factory dessert, so try to save enough room.
4	One of the best places on the strip for a 24/7 cafe. I have always frequented this place because their selection of food at ridiculous hours is pretty good. You have your burgers, breakfast, the classic BLT, desserts and cocktails. Everyone comes here after their clubbing or gambling. This one is located in the Venetian and is spacious and the people who work the graveyard shift are peppy and upbeat.We had a breakfast sandwich that was delicious and was recommended by our server. I only ate half of it and saved it for later. The servers are awesome, or at least the one we had, was cool. THe ambience is like a Cheesecake factory.Definitely recommend this place, go check it out.
4	Always come here every visit to Las Vegas.  I love the bread and most items on the menu are a good value plus taste good.  This time I was prompted to write a review because Julian the waiter went WAY beyond.  It was my daughter's birthday and they don't give out free desserts or sing but he heard it was her birthday and he brought out a plate with whipped cream, a sugary wafer thing and chocolate syrup writing out "happy birthday"....not an amazing dessert but it was just the thought and the fact that he did it.  It meant a lot to her!  Thanks.  As far as the food.  I love the lunch special chicken piccata and the lunch size Southwestern Salad!  Both great.
4	Let's call Grand Lux what it is ... a slightly nicer Cheesecake Factory! The menu is pretty much the same (with noticeable name changes), the service is slightly better and the ambiance is just a smidge nicer! Overall good food, good service and they were able to seat our rather large party quickly, so go Grand Lux!
5	Absolutely LOVED this eatery.   It's 24-hour so it fit right in after we had a late-arrival in Vegas and were starving.  The service was fast, friendly and helpful!   I ordered the Grilled Steak sandwich but asked to special-order the prep on it to mimic the sausage sandwich (tomatoes, fontina cheese etc).  It was amazing!!Sliced (on the bias), chargrilled steak on a roll.   I was craving something grilled and this totally hit the spot.  Tipped the chef 10 bucks simply for creating it and doing it right.
5	I've eaten here countless times, whether it be for breakfast, dinner before a crazy night out, and for late late hangover cure meals. They also always seem to be open and busy regardless what time of the day it is. THat's always a good sign. And the service is quick which makes waiting for a table a quick process!Yes, it's similar to the Cheesecake Factory with their menu diverse and offers almost everything. But not to worry, despite their vast menu, the quality of food has NEVER suffered! The portions are huge but I never take it with me simply because my hotel room lacks a fridge and microwave for reheating purposed. The salads are always on point, fresh & crisp and not doused in heavy dressings. The pastas are always rich and creamy, and the sandwiches and appetizers are delicious. They also have great lunch combos for a great price and the breakfast meals are dynamite. Again, the portions are huge, even if it's only lunch for for the great menu pricing and quality, its worth it!
5	BEST ALL-EGG-WHITE OMELETTE!They had the best all-egg-white omelette I've ever had. Ordered it for lunch. (Mushroom, spinach, onion, Swiss cheese). Also ordered tomato slices as side with bagel and cream cheese.Returned to this place for dinner the same day, and ordered the veggie as a meal with 4 veggies, but didn't know it came with a bowl of rice in addition to 4 veggie choices. If I knew, I wouldn't have ordered a starch as a veggie. Mushrooms, chili cornbread (starch), spinach, broccoli and bowl of rice. The Chili cornbread was a bit heavy with butter/oil, but was flavorful.I then returned AGAIN the following morning to order the same awesome omelette, but it wasn't as good. The second omlette was not as fluffy, not as flavorful (less buttery flavor), there was too much spinach, and not enough mushrooms, but it was still a very good omelette.This was my favorite place to eat on this trip.
4	The portions are huge! The food is pretty good too! The menu is really large and service was pretty fast. I felt like I barely put a dent in my pasta and the bf's chicken was a huge plate.
4	The best 24/7 restaurant you'll find for late night cravings.  Pasta and steak were all delicious, and so were the cocktail drinks! So glad there's Grand Lux Cafe in Dallas! Can't wait to come back.
4	One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.  The choices are extensive and the quality of the food is quite good.  I haven't had a bad meal yet.  I'm extremely disappointed that two of my favorite dishes have been removed from the menu, the Italian sub and the Wedge Salad.  Why?  The combination plates are fabulous and way to much to eat, as with most of their meals.  Make room for the Red Velvet Cake, the best desert ever.
4	I like this place for the food and reasonable prices.  It is nice to take a couple steps away from the casino and have a good meal.  The staff is always helpful and breakfast is really good.  I recommend the Protein Breakfast.
4	Whoa. Yelped something for some late night grubbery and this place popped up on Yelp.  There are two locations.  One at the Venetian and one at the Palazzo.  In essence, they're right next to each other.Ordered some appetizers.  NOTE!  One appetizer is as big as a meal.  The calamari was just nicely breaded and had a nice bite to them.  The two sauces the calamari comes with is good!  Also got the chicken quesadillas.  This is not your typical chicken quesadilla.  You are probably imaging a flour tortilla and some diced up chicken breast and some cheese.  Not this.  It had three layers.  Some shredded chicken with a nice kick to it.  Some green chiles and cheese.My only gripe was that we got sat near the entrance and I had to flag our waitress down every single time.  One for water.  One to get our orders taken.  Another to ask for some condiments.  Another for our check.  She was more interested in helping the table of 10 obnoxious guys next to us.All the other tables seemed to be tended to.  It is what it is.
5	OMG this place is so good, I had their garlic shrimp pasta, caesar salad and shaking beef. EVERYTHING WAS SOOOOO GOOD. creamy garlicky caesar, and the pasta was SOOOOOOOOOO good. and the shaking beef had such a great flavor. Man oh man! I loved it. SOMETHING AT A GREAT PRICE AND GREAT PORTIONED IN VEGAS.Definitely recommend this place if you want something worth your money and leftovers to save to eat for later! YUMMMY i want more =( too bad Im back in seattle now
4	Grand Lux has always been my go-to spot whenever I'm around the vicinity. Whether I'm staying at Venetian, or even a little bit further out like at TI or Encore, I always make that extra walk to eat here.I really enjoy dining here for a quick meal. It's opened late, they have a big variety of different foods, and the service is always on point. The restaurant is quite big inside though it doesn't look that way outside of the front. It's great bc I never had to wait for a taI think I come here at least one or two lunches when I want to eat something decently good. Their salads and sandwiches are perfect for lunch. Also, I always find myself here when I'm hungry at odd hour like 10-11pm at night.I really enjoy eating at Grand Lux. I honestly think you can't go wrong with dining here. They have something for EVERYONE. Their menu is quite extensive so even the pickiest eater can find something they like at Grand Lux. I highly recommend their sandwiches for lunch and pastas or big plates like their meatloaf for dinner or even 4th meal. Lol. You can't go wrong dining here at Grand Lux!!
5	Service was 100%!me and my friends server did everything we asked for! The bread we got in the beginning was so good, especially the wheat.Forgot what my friend had but I ordered shrimp and chicken jambalaya. The level of spicy was perfect and so was the taste of the sauce. Just wish I had more shrimps and sauce! One of the less expensive places to eat in Vegas. And get a huge portion too :)
5	Everything we ate in this restaurant was excellent.  Even when there were long lines, they got people seated very quickly.
5	I could eat at this place everyday and have something different each time and it would be delicious!I love this place.
4	I went there at 3am? with my friends -  we ordered a pasta (i can't remember the name...) but it was delicious! Our server was super nice and friendly!
4	After reading the reviews for this place, I decided that it was worth trying as we were checking out The Venetian anyway. I got the Kobe burger which was really good! The meat was nice and juicy and the fries were crispy and crunchy. This came with shittake mushrooms, caramelized onions, and a side of togarashi aioli. The BF got the Italian grinder which I had a bite of, and it was really good as well!Prices are about $12-$15 average for entrees, which I think is a good price for the food and relatively quick service considering how busy it was.
3	Food choice and selection was good.  The decor was nice.  I really wanted to like this place. However everyone at our table ordered burgers and needless to say everyone was sick by the end of the night.
5	Great place sure its bought by cheese cake but taste isn't anything like cheese cake. It taste even much better.
5	During our recent trip to Vegas, we got a chance to check out the grand lux cafe in the Venetian. There was a 30 min wait or so and it was pretty impressive, considering the restaurant is so big. I had the buffalo chicken sandwich, which was the best I have ever had. Our waiter was a great guy and he was kind enough to bring me extra buffalo sauce. We left satisfied.
5	Best BLT I've ever had a restaurant. I realize that's an interesting observation about a place that can serve SO much more. But hey, if they can do the "simple" things well, that means the other stuff must be pretty good too!
4	24 hours open...all u need in Vegas!We were at the Vanetian and in need of food as we had been without any since dinner so decided to go to this one based on the review we read and we were not a bit disappointed.We were there around 6 AM. That time we only had the option on breakfast buffet.The buffet was pretty amazing with many options. The guy will make an omelet as per your customization and it is pretty heavy! I was almost full by the end of it!tried a couple of pastries and cakes and all were amazing.I definitely would like to go there again. $18 for all you can eat is a good enough deal too.
5	Hands-down 5 stars! On a late Friday night (or perhaps in the wee morning hours), my husband and I sneaked out of the room and came here to get a drink and chicken wings. We were seated in a nice comfortable booth and ordered a Pina Colada and Buffalo Chicken Wings. Loved the classy ambiance. Service is commendable.Within a few minutes our drink was served. My husband who normally doesn't take alcohol actually loved the Pina Colada here. Chicken wings were amazing too! Loved it so much that we brought our parents to the restaurant the next day for lunch!Tip:The entree portions are pretty big, unless your stomach is rumbling, 2 people can easily share one entree and leave the restaurant on a full stomach.
4	The food here is a hit or miss.  Some things on the menu are better than others.  I had eaten here several times in all hours of the day and middle of the night.  The price is decent.  It's like a mini Cheesecake Factory open 24hrs.  So for really late like 5am after club dining get the pho soup, pasta, or burger.  The salads and soups I's pass.
5	This is the best cafe in Vegas! Just walked over from Caesars at midnight to grub out on oversized portions. Started out with a Belvedere Dirty Martini which was huge and  had the Seared Ahi Tuna salad for my entree! Fortunately I was able to split a mushroom cheeseburger which was awesome.  There wasn't any room for dessert cause I got to look good at the pool parties!!!
4	Fresh sqeezed orange juice with breakfast.  Could taste the cheddar cheese
2	Stayed at the Venetian this time around and heard about this place from other yelpers over the years. For those who don't know Grand Lux Cafe is created by the founder of Cheesecake Factory. That being said the quality is the same. Your pretty much paying for the ambiance. Came here around 3:30 in the morning. Had a terrible server. She look like she didn't want to be there. Never introduce herself and didn't refill our water glasses. The manager i believe at that time came by however often to check up on us told her to refill our water glasses but still nothing. Food Ordered:Rib Eye Steak- Close to $30Terrible piece of steak. Told them medium rare but it came out medium well. I've had better steak at even Norms for goodness sake. The sides was nothing to write home about either. Probably won't ever eat here again. Terribly over hyped. Go for Secret Pizza or Earl's Sand Whiches after the clubs.
4	Been here a couple time.  Great food.   Huge portions.   Dirty silverware a couple time :(
3	Wasn't terrible, but the food was not good enough for me to consider giving it any more than 3 stars.  The prices and the service were not good enough either.  It wasn't bad or anything, but it certainly was not what I'd want for the price I paid.  I ordered the Caramel Chicken and it was pretty bland, essentially tasted like the honey chicken at Pei Wei (which I could have gotten for half the price) and was not in any way unique tasting or as delicious as it was made out to be.  It is likely that I would not go back unless I was staying at the hotel and was feeling really lazy.
4	Delicious!  I had the pan seared salmon and the Asian nachos.  WOW.  Service was great and I had plenty of refills, never had to ask.  Great experience, I will be back.
1	My friend and I came here around 2 in the morning for a late dinner. I ordered the Asian Nachos and Shaking Beef. The nachos came out first as an appetizer, I took a bite, and all I can say was it was extremely salty. Both of us couldn't touch anymore of it. My Shaking Beef came out and the filet mignon was very dry and not flavorful at all. It tasted like it was overcooked, yet I asked for it to be medium-rare. The sauce was very salty as well. My friend had the Kobe Burger, and he said it was overly salty as well. This place must be only good when you're drunk, since it seems the chef's favorite seasoning is extra salt.Our server was quite attentive and friendly, but then again, we were the only guests at the time.Wouldn't recommend this place, nor come back whenever I'm back in Vegas.
3	Very average, the only reason it didn't get 2 stars is because the prices are pretty good for a vegas restaurant in the venetian.our server was nice, but service was VERY slow, food came out extremely slow as well. I got the steak sandwich and it was probably half the size of what I expected, came with a side of fries, food itself tasted decent and I was actually full from my small sandwich but nothing to rave about. it's a great place to stop by if you're on a budget and just need to grab some food, but it's not by any means fancy or nice, or good tasting for that matter.
4	For a casual spot to eat, this is the best you will find.  The food was excellent and portion sizes were nice (not too huge, but enough to have leftovers if you wanted to make two meals out of one). I found the staff to be especially friendly here and there was no wait when we stopped in (just after 11:30am on Wednesday).  The prices are comparable to every place else that isn't a major chain but the quality of the food was much, much better than a lot of the other places we ate.  Their menu is vast with something to please everyone and they have a small selection of breakfast items after 11am while many other places do not have ANY breakfast offerings at all after that time.  The next time we're in town we will definitely be back.
4	Never had a bad meal here. Burgers are good. The location in the Venetian is always open.
4	We came here for breakfast every day while we were in Vegas, mostly because it was conveniently located so close to our hotel and we wanted to get to shopping and gambling ASAP. We tried the eggs benedict,  breakfast sandwich, and corned beef hash. The star of the show was definitely the corned beef hash. They use huge chunks of corned beef, none of that stuff you get in a can! I shared some with my family and they loved it too! The eggs benedict was okay, I couldn't put my finger on what was missing. It may have been that the slice of ham was too thin or something was missing in the hollandaise. Regardless, the food was good enough to keep us coming back! Try to get there before 9. We went around 8:30 on both days and didn't have to wait, but on our way out we saw a huge line.
5	SImilar to cheesecake factory+1 open late+1 great food+1 servers are tolerable of all the drunk people+1 HUGE servings+1 decent prices considering its a touristy area
4	If you've ever been to a Grand Lux (or really, even a Cheesecake Factory), then you know what to expect. This is nothing extraordinary, but the menu is giant and everything I've tried has been good. It can be pretty noisy during peak times.I went twice for lunch, and got lunch specials both times. The lunch portions are GIANT, so don't worry about leaving hungry (especially since meals come with free bread baskets). The first time I tried the lunch-size pizza + salad. The pizza was a little on the greasy/soggy side, but still pretty tasty. The second time I came alone and sat at the bar, and I tried the Southwest chicken salad. Really tasty, but a little heavy-handed on the dressing.Both times the wait staff were very attentive. Prices are very reasonable ($10-$12 for lunch). I was staying in the Venetian and the Grand Lux was right by my elevator bank. I don't know that I would seek it out, but if you're nearby it's definitely a solid choice: good food, good prices.
4	Bread pudding is a must have. Of course their cheesecake is great, but I was shocked how good the bread pudding was. Nice staff. Had an awesome waitress named Gina H, who was very helpful in any touristy questions my family and I had (not just on the food in the restaurant which she also knew well). Definitely will come back.
1	I usually am very satisfied everytime i come here. However this time around, i brought my baby and in laws and the service was so dang slow and horrible. Im waiting with my baby for a good hr to get our food. We ask what is wrong and they say that they are understaffed. Everyone around us is getting their food except us.Horrible service
4	My go to restaurant whenever I'm in Vegas. This place is awesome and they have food at all hours of the night and even in your room with room service. I recently discovered their "to-go" shop tucked right next door to the restaurant. They have the best turkey Havarti sandwich that I like to get when I'm arriving late and am hungry. I always stay at the Venetian so it is very convenient. Their fruit cups there are also tasty when you feel like eating light and healthy to try to look good in that bikini for all you ladies. Great place to eat. Highly recommended
3	I'm not sure if they're owned by the same company, but I like to think of this place like a higher quality/fancier ingredients version of the Cheesecake Factory.So in true fashion, definitely expect huge portions when dining here. I would recommend sharing...everything. Also, order a box of the chocolate chip cookies to go....though I think you need to warn them about 20 minutes before ordering...it says something on the menu.They taste amazing, especially when they first bring them to you fresh out of the oven. Your group will thank you later that night when they're stumbling back from the clubs looking for something sweet. Also, it's quite the deal for a Vegas establishment.
1	Two Words: Food poisoning.To make matters worse, I encountered another couple a couple days later who also fell to food poisoning from this place.My husband had a custom made quesadilla with chicken at 3 am. But 5 am he was sooo sick. We ruled out a hangover when the stomach cramps and other ever-so-lovely food poising symptoms kicked in. Normally I say by-gones-be-by-gones but after hearing this other couple suffer from the same location, there is sufficient evidence that this restaurant needs to review their food prep policies. We have reported this to the manager hoping for a refund. We are in contact with corporate but I will be taking this to the state.
1	I came in at 2:30am in the morning on Sep 18, 2013. I ordered a chicken club which was not technically on the menu but they made it for me anyhow. The server was friendly and they were open late good...The bad: at 4am - 12pm I was vomiting with diarrhea. Never before had I been so sick. I felt like a character in a movie; sleeping next to toilet because I couldn't go 15 min without vomiting, the pain was so intense I nearly called 911. I think the only reason I didn't was the lack of insurance. By 1pm the pain finally stopped. I slept it off but it ruined my vacation. All week my throat was burning in pain from the acid. I've vomited before in my life but never like this; it was horrifying. I called the restaurant where they tried to blame it on something else and used the phrase "Well you didn't consult a doctor so how could you be certain it was caused by us" oddly they said this before asking if I was okay! I hadn't eaten since 9pm the day before; it was the Lux. Someone in corporate relations left me a voice mail and I will update this review after I talk to them on the condition they do something. So far I am incredibly disappointed in how the manager handled the situation. I will be filling a report with the Nevada state health board. If you too got food poising always report it to the government agency; don't just rely on the restaurant. This morning (Sunday) I ran into a random person at the pool who ate at the Lux also Wed Morning and was also just as sick. They too were given the 'well you didn't consult a doctor did you...' story by a manager there. So stay away!
2	Worst Sunday brunch experience. Nothing special with the food and waaaay over priced. Def expected better. In honesty I would have enjoyed my food better at Norms.
5	I have been to the grand lux cafe at the Beverly center in LA, so when I found out there was one in the Venetian I knew it would be great.It is open 24 hours, and we got there for a late dinner on Monday night around 11. Our waitress Ashley was very friendly and overall great! For an appetizer we got the fried calamai. It was great! I ordered the pan seared salmon and it was great! My boyfriend ordered the chopped beef steak - didn't like it at all, and wanted to the angus steak. Ashley was kind enough to switch it out for us , and offered salad or soup while he waited! She was great on our refills, and was very sweet. Overall great food, greatttt service, (thanks Ashley!) and wonderful atmosphere! We will be back!
4	Went here for dinner last night, as we were staying at the Venetian, and it was right near the elevator to our room. The girl who seated us was very friendly, but I knocked a star for the waitress. She seemed to have went on break or something, she didn't really come back for much, and it took a while to get refills. My sisters boyfriend had to get up and ask for drinks at one point. The food was spectacular! I had the chicken royale, and it was one of the best things I've tried in a while. Later in the night, we ran down for a late night slice of cheesecake, and it was so creamy & delicious. I would definitely come back, the food is worth the slow service.
4	I'm giving Grand Lux a 4 star rating mainly for being at the right place and at the right time. That place and time was for a late night snack after drinking and running around the strip.The food and price is good. Not amazing, but it's basically Cheesecake Factory. So expect that quality.The real trick is that they have take out next door. So.... After about 1:30am in Vegas, we all know either food joints shut down or they have huge lines. And grand luxe did. So maybe I'm reviewing the wrong place, but I know the food was from grand lux.Next door n the little cafe, you can order take out. And they have a perfect selection of perfectly creamy and satisfying pastas. Pasta carbonara is always a winner. They'll load you up. You can feed one very hungry and drunk man. Two small drunk men and prob three to four small .... Kids?They load you up with bread too.We were done showering, eating comfortably in pj's in our room while our friends just finally got seated at the oyster bar over at imperial station.... Which I might add... We drove back from because the wait was so long...
4	You should know Grand Lux is part of CheeseCake Factory.  If you're like me and don't prefer to frequent chains while on vacation, this would've been good to know ahead of time.  As we were looking at the menu, one of us even commented on how Grand Lux seemed liked a Cheesecake copycat . . until we noticed the Cheesecake Factory screen saver on the cashier monitors and confirmed it with our server.Still, I'm not taking anything away from the quality of their food.  Just like CF, the food is high quality but like CF there's little regard for healthfulness of the preparation so I'm sure everyone of our dishes were close to 2,000 calories.GL is open 24 hours so a good option for late night munchies.
5	Every time i go to vegas its never hard to figure out where i want to go for lunch and dinner in the same day lol. Shrimp and chicken Indochine is the one and only dish!!!!
3	I have been here a couple times.  I was not thrilled with this last time.  We were seated pretty quick, but the lights were dimmed to the point where I was squinting to read the text on the menu and I know it is to set the mood.  But I do not want to leave with worse eye sight.I ordered the parm chicken- thin chicken with a thick breaded crust.  Only one side of the parm chicken was browned.  Weird... So I kind of picked it off and placed it on my bread plate.The bread offered, some was good and some tasted and felt like it had been sitting for a while and warmed and then served.  Shouldn't hurt my teeth to tear into it.  Our waiter was great.  I just wish that the meal would have been better.
4	Food is GREAT!!!! Love this location...always a must when in Vegas!  Only negative would be the service and it is hit or miss depending on the day.Must have: Double Stuffed Potato Spring Rolls***Please bring one back to Vegas!!
4	Large selection of tasty food. Crab omelette was very good.
3	2nd time here.  this time, got their lunch special of small pizza and salad for $11.99.  pizza was rather large but salad was so small it was like 3 bites.  so I guess that's what you get when you order a lunch special.  my hubby got a large salad, which he loved.  so why 3 stars?  after 15 minutes of being ignored (the place was dead btw), and watching other people get serviced with drink orders, I had enough and flagged someone down.  after that, someone showed right up and took good care of us from that point forward.  i hate being ignored while you witness other waiters run around on and ignoring you.
4	The Garden Fresh omelet was amazing.  My server was fantastic although the general feel of the staff was unhappy.  No one smiled at anyone except the person they were serving at the time, not even each other.The only bad thing was the coffee was just ok.  I had hoped for better!
4	Great late night food option after a long night of clubbing at Tao or Lavo. The restaurant is located towards the back end of the Venetian on the casino level. It's a fairly big restaurant so I've never seen the wait get that long to get in. The food is pretty good; comparable to Cheesecake Factory, which is the parent company of Grand Lux. I usually order the fettuccine alfredo ($14.95). The portion sizes are big, so you should't go overboard on the food; plus they give out bread too. My friend got the calamari which was also quite tasty. Overall, a quality restaurant serving as a 24 hour coffee shop for the Venetian and the Palazzo.
5	This place is great. And everything taste amazing.  I've been here like 4 times and everytime has been consistently great.  I've had burgers. Clam chowder.  Eggs benny.  Everytime.  on the money.
4	Relatively quiet and inexpensive place hidden away in the Venetian.  They are part of the Cheesecake Factory and have the same good quality food that their parent company has.  I've been here for breakfast and dinner.  Service is always very good and friendly.
4	Their foods are pretty good here. We had a large party but was seated right away for lunch. Not sure if it was because we were in a big groups our waitress wasn't so attentive to. Their portion of foods were pretty big here and tasted pretty good. Where I didn't even realized they brought me the wrong order until I already dogged in (maybe because I was too hungry) but it tasted goods so I'm not complaining. Hahah but overall if you want a quick meal after the long night you had, definitely try here.
5	The best fucking diner that I've ever been to. We had potato and cheese egg rolls and a short rib grilled cheese sandwich. Our server was super friendly! I'd consider staying at the Venetian next time so we can hit up this 24 hours joint any time we need a Vegas meal!
2	In my opinion, this place is way too overhyped. Reminds me of a sad version of the Cheesecake Factory. Since my party was so large, gratuity was already included which probably explains the unenthusiastic service. The carbonara lacked flavor and my friends all agreed that it tasted like bland noodles. Not sure how this place has such a good yelp reputation, definitely not up to my standards!
5	Good for DRUNK MUNCHIES after TAO Nightclub.Good for DINNER before all the club ratchet activities.Good for LUNCH too.I have not yet to try here for breakfast yet. It is quite hard to wake up early in Vegas.I have one check in here but it's only because I just started to use Yelp. I have been going here EVERY SINGLE time I go to Vegas. I usually go to Vegas almost every month. My regular order is Pasta Telephono. It is basically pasta with marinara with bread crumbs on top. If you want chicken, its extra! This pasta reminds me one of the Corner Bakery's pasta with breadcrumbs. (I can't recall the name). I have also tried the Baby Back Ribs. Their portions are HUGE. So if you go with one person and have small appetite.... I say order one plate and share and get an appetizer. I have also tried their Eggroll on their Appetizer Menu. The sauce to dip that came along was so tangy! Loved it. Pasta Pomodoro is also something to try!5-star. Excellent service. Excellent Food. I love the decorations.OH, one thing I do not like is their lighting, it is so dark in there and makes me sleepy. BUT their food makes up for it.
1	If I could give this no stars, that would be the rating. We were asked by the hostess if we wanted immediate seating for breakfast, that we could sit at the bar. We took the seats and my wife and I ordered. I got pancakes and my wife ordered oatmeal. Pretty simple and should have been fast. We had a conference to go to so we wanted a quick bite. My wife went to register for the conference after waiting 15 minutes. I continued to wait for our food. 20 minutes later I asked the bar tender where our food was. He pulled the ticket and gave it a waitress. 10 minutes later I got fed up and left. As I was leaving the waitress stopped me to say it would only be a few more minutes. I'm 45 minutes into this ordeal, really? I gathered my things and as I walked out someone came with our order. I kept walking. Even if they comped the meal, I wouldn't have eaten it. I can't tell you about the food, because I haven't eaten it. I can tell you the service is about the worst I've ever encountered. It was relatively busy, but ever one around us was seated after us fed and left before we were even served. Total lack of customer service.
2	ok so usually I love this place...I go there every time I go to Vegas but this time was horrible and made my turn up tturn down. I had about 10 ppl with me and the service was slow as hell. They brought out the apps and then literally took about an hour to bring 6 plates...took another 30 minutes to bring the other 4 which by the way were all shrimp scampi plates..being a somewhat of a chef myself I KNOW it doesnt take that long to cook shrimp...I dont know what the problem was...also felt like our table to kinda close to the back of the place..hmmmmm but I digress. I really wanted to go party after but once we finally ate I was soooo damn tired and pissed off..just went back to the room and hung out there with friends. Annoyed much???? YEP the only thing that made it okay was that we all had separate checks and we each got half off but damn I had to even ask the manager for that....he should have offered it up front!!!
4	I went four star just because the first Grand Lux in the Palazzo was out of eggs bennies. Out? Hmmmm.So I walked over to the Venetian Grand Lux and sat at the bar and had fantastic eggs bennie. Huge portion and the eggs were perfect. Good hash browns and the menu goes on and on. The drinks looked great and the French toast next to me looks huge and really good. I did not reach over and have a taste, but was tempted.Good experience considering how much food they put out! I'll go back. Maybe for lunch..
4	We went to the Grand Lux for breakfast on our last morning and were pleasantly surprised.  We had the "express" breakfast which was a breakfast buffet.  It was a simple buffet with a decent amount of choices.  Omelette, or eggs in any style you wanted prepared, toast, fresh fruit, yogurt, oatmeal, pastries, bacon, hash browns, and oatmeal.  After having gone to the larger buffets this was a welcomed change as the foood was fresh, warm and tasty.  It was fairly reasonably priced compared to the other breakfasts we had on the strip.
4	A great place but similar to Cheesecake Factory. It is a sister restaurant.  Very nice service and great food.
3	Usually end up coming here every time I stay at Venetian. Late night pasta? Can't go wrong. Bit pricey though.
5	Cheesecake Factory's sister restaurant, so you can expect great variety in the menu and huge portions. Yum!
3	We had lunch here. I had half a chicken salad sandwich, with mixed green salad, and chicken corn potato soup. Everything was delicious.  I just didn't like the cigarette smoke coming from the casino, but I got used to the smell. lol
5	This is my GO-TO late night dining spot on the strip, without about. Whether it's 4pm or 4am, you know you're going to get some high quality grub! This place is a sister restaurant to Cheesecake Factory, so you'll see a lot of familiar menu items and decor. The menu or at least the late night menu is much more limited than Cheesecake Factory, which to me is a GOOD thing! I can never decide what to get at Cheesecake!This last time that I went the server was AMAZING! And it was like 3AM, I think his name was Sean. He was running around like crazy serving, but was super attentive and friendly filled my water and diet coke countless times. I was very impressed.The food was good as always. I have had several items off this menu in the past, but this time I tried the Kobe Burger. I tend to stray away from the Kobe Burgers because usually places just put the Kobe name on it and make a mediocre burger leaving me disappointed! That wasn't the case here... The burger was moist and really flavorful with caramelized onions, sauteed shitakke mushrooms and togarashi aoili! I really think you can't go wrong here, grab something that sounds good and I am sure you will be more than satisfied ESPECIALLY if you are here in the middle of the night!MY GO-TO DISH: Quality food at any time of day or night? They're all GO-TO DISHES ;)
3	This is an ok place to eat at. Pretty much like Cheesecake Factory but I do prefer Cheesecake. I think Grand Lux Cafe and Cheesecake Factory are related. I would say this is the place you want to hit up if you're hung over on your night in Vegas since I think this is one of the few places opened past 2am... I mean they have your typical hang over food like burgers and fries... :)
3	I read the good and the bad before going. I've been here a few times. The good...Close to the Venetian theater (Saw Celtic Women last night). We were seated quickly and served quickly. Our server, Carlina, was EXCELLENT. They have an extensive menu so there is something there for everyone. The prices are extremely reasonable.Nothing bad (hence the 3 stars), but everything else was just OK. I had the Spaghetti Carbonara and was really disappointed. I kept reminding myself that it wasn't an Italian restaurant and I shouldn't have great expectations. It was dry and greasy. The bacon was too crunchy and some of it burned. I prefer pancetta. I ate half of it and was done. My partner had the chicken tortilla soup. It was average. It seemed as if it was tomato based. Way to creamy.Oh...there was one bad...The bread. It had no taste. It was too moist in the middle and I cut my gum with the crust. It seemed as if it had been warmed over a couple of times.As I'm writing this...I'm thinking...try somewhere else before my next show there.
4	If you are on the Paleo diet/ lifestyle, it is sometimes hard to find a place to eat out.  This place fits the bill.  They will accommodate special requests.  I had the grilled salmon and double portions of asparagus.  I was a happy camper. My husband was also happy because he could order virtually anything he wanted.I come here everyone I am in Vegas!
5	Wonderful atmosphere and fresh food. Try the huevos ranchero or white egg omelette.  Get the Grazie card and skip the line!
4	Quick Tips:1. Pretty easy for you to get in very quickly on almost any day. There is also a location on the Palazzo side near the elevators to the rooms that is a little less busy.2. The theme of the restaurant and even the menus scream Cheesecake Factory to me, but the restaurant has very much it's own character.3. Open all night! A great destination to unwind from post-clubbing shenanigans.I love the Grand Luxe Cafe because the times that I've gone there, the servers are not only friendly and willing to give suggestions, but also they are efficient and quick.Vegas is all about moving from one place to the next, sleeping, and then starting all over the next day. Grand Luxe offers the time for people to cool their heels with decent, quality food. My girlfriend usually orders a pasta dish, while I always try something more adventurous since we're always on a vacation.It's so sad, but they took away one of my favorite menu items, a carribean style jerk pork chop dish. It had amazing textures and flavors through it, but I guess it wasn't really a popular choice among diners. Anyways, back to other foods, you will always leave Grand Luxe stuffed since the portions are huge and the food is pretty yummy.One of the things that I really like about Grand Luxe is the price. Though it's $15-18 a plate, the food is still cheaper than dining at most of the sit-down restaurants across the strip. Furthermore, it's not like we waited for more than 10 minutes to get into the place. If it is too busy, and you are willing to do a bit of a walk, you can get to the Palazzo side that sees much less customers.Anyways, I hope you guys try out Grand Luxe Cafe!
3	Okay so my friends and I came here twice while we were staying at the Venetian the other weekend. The first time, I ordered an Asian salad and a Bloody Mary- both were amazing. Hence, the reason we came back the second time (not to mention that it was conveniently located at the bottom of our elevator when we were leaving the room). Anyways, the second time was a totally bust. We got wings and I'm a HUGE wing fan but these were literally the worst wings ever. I split them with my friend and we each ate one wing and were totally over it. All in all, good location but be careful about  what you order.
4	I actually visited Grand Lux twice on my 5 day vacation in Vegas. One time with a large group and once after a night of clubbing! Both experiences were pretty good!Everyone is spot on with the Cheesecake comparison. If you've been there it's pretty much the same here. Inexpensive, large plates, and plenty of items to choose from. The first night I ordered the "Shaking Beef" and my late night meal was chicken & waffles. The shaking beef was pretty good. Nice chunks of beef, red onions, green onions, and white rice. Definitely liked the kick it had to it.The chicken and waffles were ok. Nothing spectacular but it fulfilled my late night craving!Next time I club it up at TAO or Lavo I will definitely return. I don't know if I would consider it a "go to" spot for me but it's cool. If you're on a budget this is a great place to dine because there are MANY options under 20$ Not bad for Las Vegas!
5	Luxury cafe!  Had brunch there.  It was a ginormous, clean atmosphere.  Food was good!  Eggs were good.  Sandwich was good.  Wasn't entirely impressed with the fries.  They appear to have large portions for many plates.  So if that's ok, go hungry!
4	Not bad. Pretty much like Cheesecake factory. Breakfast buffet seems to be empty half an hour prior to closing, so we ordered off the menu. The portions were huge. I swear, those were not 3 eggs. If it was, then those were some dinosaur eggs. Wifey got some kind of pasta. It had bacon in it and was kinda salty. Overall, not bad. I liked it. PROS: Dinosaur eggs and large portions of everything. CONS: Don't refill breakfast buffet half hour before closing.
4	Food was fantastic. I are there for both breakfast and for dinner and both had great food. Would have had 5 stars, but heard a lot of moaning and groaning from the servers when they thought people would not be able to hear...
3	Okay... so my tastes have changed.... I still like this place, but after my last visit it's not as good as my previous visits.  It's still good, just not as good as I remember it to be.  I will try it again next week and let you know if it meets my standards again!
5	I first heard about this restaurant in 2008, a cab driver told us to try it out. Every time I visit Las Vegas we dine at Grand Lux. The food is wonderful. Large portions, great for sharing. My favorites are Shrimp Scampi and Thai Shrimp and Chicken Spring Rolls for an appetizer!
5	Had the Hawaii Maui steak and it was freaking delicious. Cooked and seasoned perfectly. My friend had the burger and salad which was also good. Great place to eat if you don't want to spend too much money on the strip and still have a good late night meal
4	Walking around trying to find a "foodie" grade restaurant that wasn't going to break the bank, we stumbled across this cafe/restaurant in the Venetian Hotel. The restaurant itself was HUGE and we were kind of skeptical at first, because we had long written off Vegas as a foodie tragedy, but this cafe pleasantly surprised us. According to the waitress the bread was organic and made on site, all the sauces and salad dressings were made there and even the service was five star! This was my third visit to Vegas and my husband's many and both of us had a smile leaving this restaurant after our meal. Price was right too. For once, I didn't leave  thinking I was taken a advantage of.
4	I have eaten at this restaurant several times. I always LOVED it because of the variety of food they offer. I went twice last week. First time by myself and sat at the bar. The bartender was clearly only focused on his serving of the waiters and didn't care much about the folks at the bar eating a meal. So service wasn't great. I had the beet salad. If was very good but too big...wish they had smaller side salads to offer. I had the garlic and shrimp pasta as my main dish. It was fine.A couple of nights later I went in with my friend for dinner. That time we had a fabulous server who was top notch. I wish I could remember her name as she was really right on point. We had the asian nachos for an appetizer. I had dreams about them they were SO good. We also had some spring rolls and they were good as well. For dinner I had spaghetti again. I ended up being so full that I through it away when I got back to the room. Never did eat it. I did have a bite or two and it was typical pomodoro. My friend had an  Asian bowl of soup. It was huge and looked delicious. She enjoyed it very much as well.This is a wonderful go to restaurant. It is moderately priced compared to some of the other options and the food choices are amazing. And quality of food is very good! I am a fan of the Grand Lux restaurants.
4	Okay...I know it's a chain but Grand Lux is my go after clubbing spot in Vegas!  It's under the Cheesecake Factory family.  I'm absolutely in love with the Buffalo Chicken Rolls!  If you like buffalo wings, you'll definitely love these!  I love dipping them in extra buffalo sauce as well.  And, they actually taste even better cold in the morning when you're nursing a hangover!  :)  PS. There's one at the Palazzo as well but this is the one that opens 24/7!
5	My husband and I went here for breakfast the morning that we got married in the Venetian. It was so fantastic and to this day it is probably the best corned beef hash I have ever had. It was homemade, not that gross processed stuff, and it had so much flavor. Everything from the eggs to the potatoes and of course the best corned beef ever was just great.The atmosphere is great and we didn't have to wait very long to get a table. It's casual and relaxing and we hung out for a long time. They had a buffet that morning but we didn't try it. We also tried the eggs benedict and that was solid too. This definitely deserves 5 stars not only for the memorable hash, but bc it is in the most beautiful hotel in Vegas. I can't wait to go back and I will absolutely stay at The Venetian...and you can bet I will be having the corned beef hash every morning!
5	Chicken Parmesan is amazing and huge - even the lunch portion! Bread is also great :) Sometimes service can be a little slow but definitely worth it
3	Large restaurant inside the Venetian. Place is clean and on the darker side.  The website for the restaurant is misleading. It says "$" although it is at least "$$". You might be able to find less expensive sandwiches on the menu at below $15, but most of the items are above $15. I decided to go off the beaten path with the Spicy Carnita Sandwich. This is a great sandwich. It's not sloppy as you'd think with the ingredients. Only a little spicy. Wife had the fettuccine alfredo with Shrimp which she did not complain about. Given the size, I doubt the wait time would be long. What makes this place worth going back for is the broad menu selection. If you have a large party with different tastes, this is a safe bet.
1	This review isn't about the food. Basically after our meal, we paid partially cash and the rest was on my card. Let's just say someone charged the full amount of my card around $90 even though I know i signed a credit card receipt for $30 something dollars. Clearly the waiter felt that he was smart enough to steal from me! Ugh! Luckily i did get my money back, but honestly for all the trouble I went through, they should have picked up the whole bill. Management did help me through this, but no one really bothered to make up for this horrible experience.
3	Food: Big hearty portions. Not mind blowing delicious but definitely better than Cheesecake Factory. Got the lunch special today-Salad & Pasta for $12.50. Fresh tasting salad with heirloom tomatoes, light and refreshing. For the pasta I got the Pasta Pomodoro. This was like a dressed up spaghetti, but with skinnier pasta and fresh tomatoes added to it. Plenty of sauce.Service:Staff was nice. However the service is extremely slow. Even though we were seated right away, we don't get the bread basket until close to 20 minutes later. The food took even longer to get out. Difficult to flag down any waiter, let alone your waiter.Would I be back again? Sure. Would I go out of my way to come eat here? Not so much.
4	This place reminds of Cheesecake Factory because the architectural design is so elegant.  It would of been nice if they had the brought the warm bread earlier.  I was disappointed that this Grand Lux Cafe didn't have the dessert (beignet) that I had been waiting to try.  According to our waiter, only the one in Palazzo had it.  Despite the disappointment with the dessert, the food portion is huge.  This is a nice place for big and small groups.
2	Have eaten here before and it was really good.  This morning less than average. Husbands home fries dried out and tasteless.  Sliced tomatoes I got instead of potatoes equally poor.  Both our omelette's just ok.  I ordered an egg white with asparagus and crab, with the holendase on the side. I think there were tomatoes in there, but not sure what they were?  Also one of the asparagus end you snap off made it into my omelette - yuck.  Service slow and it wasn't very crowded.  We will eat somewhere else tomorrow
4	I prefer the Palazzo side.  We were seated at the bar side and our server was really enthusiastic about his job.  The wings are really good.  Crab cakes were too sweet.  Flatbread was great.  A lot of food for a very good price.
5	Fancy atmosphere, and prices are not bad at all compared to most Vegas restaurants. Ordered the Steak Sandwich, a chicken pasta, and salmon (big small plate). They were all pretty amazing. We ended up coming here the very next day. Super satisfied with everything.
5	*** Celiac Friendly ***There are 2 of these; one in the Palazzo and one in the Venetian. I was in the Venetian. There is one downside and that is that it's built like a street side cafe which means that you should ask to sit in the back, as the "outside" part is right on the casino floor thick with choking cigarette and cigar smoke.Now for the food. We were there for breakfast and I ordered the house-made corned beef hash (CBH). Breakfast for 2 arrived - and that was just mine! Along with the CBH were hash browns (superfluous since the CBH was 25% hash browns already) and a large amount of fresh fruit. And the taste? YUM!!! I will be back!
2	Passed by this place for a family dinner about a week ago. We came because when we tried it several years ago, it was pretty good. boy, has it changed over the years, and only for the worse. From what I remember, we ordered the chicken pot pie, pasta telephono, and chicken Alfredo. Though I don't remember what the other two ordered, I do remember that all of us left that place unsatisfied and quite disappointed. --Chicken pot pie had a great flaky crust, but the filling was boring, bland, and watery. -Pasta telephono was extremely cheesy (too much for my taste) and had an extremely weird and unexplainable taste. Definitely not recommended. -Chicken Alfredo was just an average chicken Alfredo, nothing exciting.Service was pretty average and the place was decently crowded, considering the fact that it was a pretty big place. We dined at around 8 on a Tuesday night. But overall, this place was a last minute decision for us since it was located in our hotel and we are definitely not coming back. my advice: don't bother wasting a night here; try mon ami gabi at the Paris hotel, it has excellent food!
4	This place is not unlike a Cheesecake Factory. I had a FatTire and the Kobe burger. The burger was very good. I also tried the enchiladas and the angel hair pasta with shrimp. Everything here seems to be on point. Service is excellent. I came here with a long time local who recommended the place. A must go if in the area.
5	Food in Las Vegas is expensive. Thank goodness for Lux Cafe. The portions are amazing and the price is reasonable. Staff are also very nice. A lot of people have been comparing it to the Cheesecake Factory, and well...they ought to because it was created by the same company. We stayed at the Venetian, so it was a convenient place to grab breakfast. For those of you who (like us) don't get up early enough before lunch closes at 11am, don't worry because they still have breakfast items available on their lunch/dinner menu.
5	Shrimp scampi is just phenomenal.  Also had their ahi ceviche which for someone like me that hates onions, I completely loved it.  And just tonight I had an omelette that was to die for.  Not overly cooked just perfect, eggy, buttery goodness.  Paired it with the spinach dip as an appetizer and I was a happy camper.Another tidbit, try their garlicky shrimp dish it's also pretty freaking fantastic.  Just make sure your date eats garlic or doesn't mind the fumes.  Or just bring a whole pack of mints or chewing gum.
4	The portions here are huge.  I was a bit sick this time around so all I had was the mango salad.  Can't review it this time around since my taste buds are off, but the salad was still good considering I was sick.  Will update it next time I'm in vegas.
5	Double Stuffed Potato Spring Rolls.... amazing! I am a huge cafe fan. I love them. This cafe inside the Palazzo is awesome! The staff at the bar is hilarious and friendly. Alex, one of the bartenders knows his stuff. Everything that he has ever suggested for me to eat from the menu has been delicious. The appetizers are some of my favorites and Nadia (I think) makes a mean Texas Tea. I have only ever sat at the bar, so I cannot comment on the dining areas, but usually it seems so fast paced and everyone on top of their game. Try out this cafe if you are in the neighborhood.
4	The food and service were excellent, as usual. Great fresh bread, great selection of delicious salads. The waffle with strawberries is delicious with a crunchy outside, soft inside. The ribs are good and I really like the coleslaw. The entire menu is good, so while it's hard to choose a meal, it's impossible to go wrong.Only 4 stars because they got rid of the Max Burger with braised short rib. Also, the table behind us was left uncleaned for over 30 minutes on the indoor patio facing the casino. Our table was cleaned by the hostess, so something is wrong.
5	This rest is away better than cheese cake factory.Cheap and big portion of foods.Staffs were friendly tooI ate jambalaya noodle and my husband ate veggie burger..both of us were happy to eat our foods.I did not understand why people did not like this rest.
3	Review for breakfast buffet and service only. Was not too impressed by the breakfast spread. For $18 I kind of expected a little bit more. The service was excellent, and refilled OJ and coffee quickly, so that helped. But, the food options at the buffet weren't labeled, and there were pretty minimal in the way of healthy options other than a fruit platter and some granola. I'd expect more when the hotels nearby have such lavish buffet options for breakfast.
5	Found this little gem while we were walking around the venetian.  It was midnight and had to order from their night menu but the food was delicious! The serves was amazing too. We decided to come in the next day and the same results.  This is a must while in vegas and the prices were very reasonable! !
5	I love Grand Lux Cafe! The first time I came here was for second dinner after the first dinner had ended in much disappointment (some cafe at the Wynn before watching a show, ugh, never again). I ordered the seared ahi tuna salad and the portion of the salad was so large, I couldn't finish it (I eat a lot). Service is also friendly and attentive. Ordered another salad the second time I came back but it wasn't as good as the ahi tuna salad. The bread that you start off with though is excellent. I can eat the wheat one for days. Anyway, it's my to-go spot for late night eating in Vegas (: I would say it's way better than Cheesecake factory.
3	Grand Lux is always a good time. The food is consistently delicious, I've never ate something here that I didn't like. They're also open later than the norm, so that's also a big plus for me. I've never had a less than satisfactory time here until yesterday. The boyfriend and I went in for dinner, it took about 8 minutes until we were even greeted at our table. The server never introduced himself (we later found out his name was Joseph from our tab), we had to ask about 3 times to receive the beverages we ordered (a beer, water and an iced tea), his table side manner was just..plainly put, rude..he wasn't attentive, I felt like we were an inconvenience for him by being there. With all the different places I can eat, especially on The Strip, I'm not sure I'll be coming back to Grand Lux, definitely not any time soon, or in 2014 for that matter.
4	The Grand Lux Cafe reminds me of a Cheesecake Factory with a much larger budget.The menu is just as varied, with soup, omelettes, burgers, and other diner fare. There's also the emphasis on dessert and drinks, and the classy ambiance made possible by cushy booths, high ceilings, and mood lighting.However, The Grand Lux Cafe upped the quality quotient of their goods a good amount. Bread, potatoes, and veggies are fresh -- as they should be.Shame about the runny eggs.
3	Its oooohkay. People compare it to cheesecake but I like cheesecake much better. The menu is all over the place. The Asian chicken nachos were pretty legit. Other than that it may have been that we were just too tired to enjoy it. They do give you sizeable portions, so beware.The good thing is you can pretty much walk in and get a seat. There are so many great buffets for the same price though. Not memorable enough to go back...
3	Cuban sandwich is bomb!!! Definitely try the Caesar salad also. Everything I tried was super heavy on the pepper, just the way I like it. SERIOUS knock off of Cheesecake Factory...
3	I really liked this restaurant. I would give it four stars if it wasn't for the server we had. I can't judge the whole server core only ours. The server was really short with my girlfriend and I; acted as if he did not want to serve us. This was for breakfast. I ordered the chicken and waffles, I asked for dipping sauce and it took him so long to bring it, I nearly finished all my strips before he brought it too me. I'm usually not the one to complain or petty about situations but the restaurant was not even full. In my opinion it was unacceptable service. I'm just giving credit where it is due.
5	I love the quality and variety of food as well as the prices. They also have a nice breakfast buffet. This is a regular stop when I'm in Vegas.
4	For years, the Grand Lux was the best 24 hour coffee shop in Vegas in my opinion.  I don't know if that's true now, places like Central at Caesars are certainly giving it a run for its money, as casinos are investing more thought and money into these 24 hour joints.  But, Grand Lux is certainly an excellent place to eat any time of day, and you'd be hard pressed to find better food in the middle of the night.The menu is expansive, which is not surprising given that it's owned by the Cheesecake Factory folks.  Most sandwiches are a good bet in my experience; the club is a favorite of more than one visitor I've taken to Grand Lux.  The fries are good, but they are rarely seasoned.  The buffalo chicken spring rolls are a favorite of mine, whenever we get appetizers they get my vote.  They are made like traditional spring rolls, but with the buffalo and blue cheese flavor wing fans will like.  The Grand Lux Burger Melt is another menu item I've ordered more than once.  Served on grilled parmesan bread, it's a play on a patty melt.  Certainly not appropriate if you're looking for a light meal, but it's a great burger.More than once, I've had the breakfast buffet in the morning.  It's very simple:  pastries, fruits, eggs, breakfast meats, potatoes, etc.  But, it's all fresh and hot, and they make omelets or hash browns to order.  I prefer my hash browns extra crispy, so they made some and brought it to the table.  Since Venetian doesn't have a buffet, this is a nice option in the morning.Finally, I love the strawberry lemonade, but it's too sweet.  I get it without the sugar lining the rim, and that does the trick for me.Service can be spotty during peak hours, but I've never had any major issues.
1	My husband and I stopped in last night for a small bite after a show (we had an early dinner at B&B, which was delicious). We split a pepperoni pizza and each had a cup coffee. Unfortunately, by the time we walked to the parking garage to drive home, we were both violently vommitting into a trash can. Something was obviously poorly prepared. We're still feeling ill from the food.
4	Good price and tasty. I just ate at their cafe located next to the theater and had a salad ( only $6 and huge!!) and a cake ($5 and fresh). This is very reasonable price!!
4	I friggin' love breakfast at the Lux. And don't be afraid of the line that forms in the front. It usually moves fast. I can't remember the name of the pancakes I got last time, but they were amazing. I think it was some kind of pecan caramel pancakes. So good. I was only disappointed that it didn't come with eggs or bacon or the usual breakfast sides, so I had to order those items a la carte, which turbo boosted my bill. The orange juice here is freshly squeezed. Great place for breakfast if you don't feel like spending the money and doing the whole Bouchon thing!
4	In town for a convention at Sands Expo??This is the spot if you need a quick grab and go lunch! There are prepackaged salads or you can order off the regular menu. During a convention this dining room at this place can be a mad house so I much prefer the go to option. The best deal and item is the chipotle chicken salad for under $7 and it's huge. Great dressing, generous amount of tender and juicy chicken plus a bag of tortilla strips to sprinkle on top. The to go area has a few seats but usually not enough. You can always walk to the food court and eat it there or take it back to your room.
3	Like most people have described, it is like the cheesecake factory. I would also give the cheesecake factory 3 stars for these same reasons (to help you gauge my scale here). I place a lot of weight on the food quality and taste at a restaurant (go figure). Unless the server were to throw food on me and break the plate over my head I wouldn't take away more than a star for service. That being said, the service was good, food presentation was attractive, and the place was clean. No points given up there. It's just that the food tasted like chain restaurant food to me. Maybe some folks like that, but when I eat out I want fresh tasting ingredients and quality foods. It is very hard to find that these days though.If you are out for a meal with huge portions and a good palatable dining experience, then this place will be fine. The price is right too. If you want a place that has ingredients that were never frozen and prefer a more natural and fresh taste, I think you will have to look elsewhere.
3	Went there on a Sat evening about 730pm. Seated quickly. Lady that seated us collected extra silverware, napkins, and plates. I traded my bread plate as it was dirty. She took my dirty one and put it in the cabinet with the clean ones. Strange. Food was good. Service was great. Our waiter was Paul, and he was 1st Class. Can't give a higher rating this time due to hostess not paying attention to the dirty dish. I did notify waiter.
4	good for a hangover but I swear they got a timer going with each waitperson about table turnover... nothing special avoid the breads or toast, or pancake... just get the eggs , omelettes etc... and potatoes..can't go wrong.
5	Spaghetti Carbonara to die for. Desserts wonderful. Busy, bustling, a little loud but wonderful old-school cafe. Don't let long line deter you, they get you seated promptly.
5	I'm from Houston , and visit the glc location here often. Of course when I'm in Vegas, I eat here! I've stayed in the Venetian twice, and both times dined here, it's just that good.This last time, I celebrated my 10 year anniversary and renewed our vows... Dinner reception was here of course. I had no issues reserving a table for 12, and enjoyed our dinner . Great service, and great food. The menu is very diverse, from tacos and burgers, to pasta and salads.  There's even a breakfast/brunch buffet in the morning for $18... It includes coffee and juice too!I love this place, it's just plain delicious.
4	I loveeee this place!Good 'ol yelp lead me to this wonderful place! The bread is pure deliciousness. I ordered the steak with toasted Brussels sprouts and mash potato. OMG. The Brussels were sooooo good. They were crispy with bacon I believe. The steak had mushrooms! I'm a huge mushroom fan so that was nice. JBH ordered one of the pasta dishes. It was a tomato basil mozzarella pasta very simple and good! We did find a piece of hair in it.... the manger came by to apologize & handled it very well. I appreciated that. They offered us a salad or soup on the house and asked if we'd like a new dish. JBH liked the one he had chose so he just ordered the same thing. Oh yeah the pasta had grilled chicken! It was cooked quite well. I tend to not order chicken because places always cook it so dry! But not here that's for sue. I'd definitely come here to try something else. Their menu has many options & it was kindof hard for me to decide lol. This always happens to me.
3	The girls was super duper hungry and this was one of many places that were opened late night and near our hotel.  This place reminds me of Cheesecake factory due to the decor and extensive menu. I don't remember the specifics of what we ordered, but the pizza, salad, wings were just okay. There were nothing to be wowed about.. Just happy there was food in my stomach.
4	This chain is consistently good and I enjoyed my meal as always.  Food was good; ceasar salad was fresh with perfectly seasoned dressing and the salmon was awesome without a hint of fishiness.  All together a great experience with quality, personable, efficient service and delicious martini's.  Safe bet for a tasty and quick meal (if need be).
3	Came in here for a quick dinner before getting ready to go out. Very "Cheesecake feel" obviously.  The food was good. I loved their Asian Nachos. I ended up getting a pasta dish (forgot the name) and it was decent. A little too heavy for my taste, but that differs from person to person so i don't count it against them. My husband ordered a meaty pasta dish that  DID NOT look so appetizing (looks like someone diarrhea'd all over a plate of noodles) but if you could get past the looks of it, it was actually pretty good. They should definitely serve it premixed. I had ordered a Caesar salad to go with my food, but the waitress forgot to write it down and accused me of not ordering it...although everyone else at my table heard it. It was a lot of food, so I didnt mind so much...except the accusation.Overall it was a good place to eat for nothing special. It's really like a "lets go out to eat cause I dont want to cook" kinda place and not a place to eat when you want something nicer.
4	Of course we had to come to the cheesecake factory's big sister! We came a little too late to have breakfast so we all had sandwiches. The service was definitely slow and it was a bit frustrating. Also, we were sat uncomfortably close to a servers station and had to feel like we were in the way. Now the positives!! Their mimosas were great!!!! I was pleasantly surprised! Their menu was easily marked with "gf" for those of us who have to live gluten free. The gf menu is fairly large so you won't just have to settle for a salad! Everyone enjoyed their food and their huge serving sizes!
2	I give the food 4 stars, and the service 1 star.I've been here twice months apart, most recently yesterday. The first time I ate here was this past summer, on a not so busy Sunday late afternoon. We were seated quickly but took 1.5 hours for our food to come! When asked what the delay was, management actually came out, apologized and said my friend's sandwich had to be remade because it was dropped on the ground. Fine. As for yesterday, we also came for brunch and were a group of 6, we were seated right away because it wasn't so busy. Great because we were starving. Our waitress took 30 minutes to come and introduce herself, and disappeared for a long while-- we had to ask other staff if we could please put in our order (we were starving). She finally took our order, but later on came out to tell us she would be leaving and we would have another server. After 1 hour of waiting for our food to come (and not seeing our new waitress since the switch) we noticed that we were never even given the complimentary bread that all the other tables received. We asked another server (not ours, she was still missing) if we could have bread and by that time our server was coming out with our orders, which were ALL COLD.The food is great at this place-- I've had the fried chicken strips and waffles, and the corned beef hash-- I hate to give it a poor review, since the chefs and cooks seem to have it on point! But man is the service bad.
4	It's like a better and barely more expensive Cheesecake factory.Fantastic Cheesecake like menu, better service, right in the heart of Venetian and open late.Came here twice, once with one a friend and once with S.O. on a double date. We have always enjoyed it. The portions are large, but are reasonably fresh and service is really nice.
4	I always come here every time I come to Vegas and they never fail me with the food they have.  Open 24 hours a day which is good and have a variety of food from pastas, chicken, salads, sandwiches, wraps, and so much more.  the service is fast and friendly.
5	I pop in every now and then for a grilled cheese sandwich and soup.  The service is always great.
3	I had the experience of eating at the LA location years ago, and I remembered it to be quite fancy. Nowadays when my gf's and I do vegas, this is the place they die for after a night of partying. They go bananas for the potatoes egg rolls, I mean BANANAS, IE. 2-4 dozens! its pretty good but I think I like to change things up sometimes :|
1	THEY LIE !!  We can't trust their ingredients. I asked for olive oil.  They told me I was getting extra-virgin olive oil. I read the can it came out of.  A tiny fraction of it was Olive oil. I Then confronted the manager. He put his head down in shame, and said "it's not really olive oil"
3	We stopped in for a late night/early morning bite after pounding the liquor hard at the Bourbon Room. We were kind of disappointed that most of the menu wasn't available that time of night. We were really craving an entree, but had to settle on sandwiches instead. We ordered some ahi tuna to start.The tuna was ok, nothing spectacular or anything. It was served with carrots, bean sprouts, and cucumbers. There was no soy sauce or wasabi served with the dish. Instead, the plate had a line of what appeared to be some kind of creamy horseradish.I ordered a BLT and it was tasty. Nothing really to write home about, but then again it's a BLT, kind of hard to screw up.Our server was very friendly and attentive considering the time of day. I would probably pass if I had to eat here again, but if you want a bite to eat during odd hours, it's one of the few places open where you can sit down and have a bite.
5	What do you do when you are damn hungry and want to eat really tasty food somewhere on The Strip at 02:00 hrs? Well, you go to Grand Lux Cafe :)I was staying in Venetian with my wife and was looking for some food joint near by. Grand Lux Cafe came to our mind since we liked the complimentary breakfast here. We ordered  Veggie Burger, Margarita Pizza and Garden Omelette. Here is what we liked about this cafe:1. Food was just awesome. It was so tasty that we ended up eating a lot more2. Serving size was much more than we expected(at least if I compare that to Gordon Ramsay Burgr)3. Ambience is really really good4. It is not costly at all5. Wide variety of options to choose from. Me and my wife are eggetarian and even we could find sufficient number of options to choose from6. It is open 24 hrsSomething not to miss in Vegas !
3	I love grand luxe because of the food the prices and the usually amazing service. My recent experience was not so great but they still get a solid 3 stars from other experiences here. Buffalo Wraps are the best appetizer ever!Never get the pulled pork grilled cheese, the pork was nasty with an after taste. The Kobe burger was great!Service was speedy and attentive but our waitress was a little snippy with us at times. Overall a great place to eat in Vegas!
5	This place is SO great! A sister restaurant of the Cheesecake Factory but so much better. The menu is huge and a tad overwhelming. Even though the line tends to be long they seat you in under 10 minutes. The red velvet pancakes are to die for! A must in Vegas
2	Unresponsive manager and people using their fingers to get food from the buffet! Yuck. Save the $19/pp and go somewhere else. Ate here on a Saturday morning and ordered the breakfast buffet. Hot plates to put cold fruit on, if you can find a plate at all. Frozen cream cheese next to the strawberries (thinking it's whipped cream).....was so stuck to the serving spoon, that people were using their fingers to get it off on to their plates.  Bacon did not have tongs, and people were using their fingers instead. Tasteless food and chef burning cooked to order eggs was a turn off.My husband was so dissatisfied with the buffet, that he ordered eggs Benedict off the menu. That was actually better. Hash browns tasted like they came out of a box, but the eggs were fresh and hot and the hollandaise sauce was very good.When we spoke to the manager, he was hearing me, but not really listening. Did not offer any remedy. All he could tell me was that he would look into quality control. Our server was the one who suggested we order breakfast from the menu. Walk right on by this restaurant.
4	Had breakfast on a Saturday morning. Wait was about 5 mins to get seated. Food selection was great with a lot of variety. Didn't choose the buffet because it kinda looked the buffet at a "normal" hotel. Opted for the Chicken and Waffles instead. Outstanding decision if I must say. Overall everyone in our party enjoyed their breakfast. Would definitely eat here again
4	Open 24/7! My friend and I split a regular Asian salad. Our server was nice enough to have the chef split the salad into two plates. The portions were still huge!!
4	Really liked this place.  As many others have said, it feels like an upscale Cheesecake Factory.  This means you're going to have tons of variety, a massive menu, and some good free bread.  We had to wait about 5 minutes for a table (a massive rush came in after us).  The space is huge.  There are so many tables in the back area, so the fact that it was full at 4:30-5 p.m. is a good sign.  We had some edamame to start, which was nicely seasoned and came with a great dipping sauce.  I ordered the fried chicken, which came with creamy, delicious mashed potatoes and coleslaw with peanuts.  The whole thing was delicious.  I think I ended up with about 5 pieces of fried chicken, which was a lot, so I was unable to finish it.A little tip for those going, if you are wanting to conduct business or use your smartphone in the back area where most of the tables are, you're going to have a hard time getting a signal.  This could be good for conversation with family, but potentially difficult if you're trying to conduct business.I would highly recommend this place.  I was a little nervous going to a sit down place at the Venetian because you never know what the pricing will be, but the Grand Lux Cafe was very reasonable.  My wife and I got drinks, an appetizer, and two full-sized entrees and spent around $40 before tip.  Check it out!
5	Great salads. Try the Manhatten or for lunch the Pasta Fresca. Large portions - enough to split with your other easily. Freshest quality. Good service. Very reasonable prices for a Vegas casino location, $10-$15 for most huge entrees. We will go again!
4	"Relaxed, Comforting Opulence"The Grand Lux cafe mixes a blend of modernized old world opulence in their atmosphere and decor with comforting casualness of more American dining. The menu is extensive, their dessert display cases tantalizing, and kudos for having many gluten-free dishes available and clearly marked on the menu.I have previously visited their other location in Boca Baton, FL and with this branch being in the Venetian hotel and the distractions of Vegas, there was no waiting and were seated immediately (yay!) I thoroughly enjoyed the fresh lemonade with sugar rimmed glass (better than their strawberry or raspberry lemonade I have tried in the past.) Thanks to our server Jason for the to-go cup idea for the lemonade that I sipped and enjoyed later during my play time with the slot machines.The gltuen-free Bistro steak with the roasted, perfectly seasoned brussel sprout shavings and buttery textured mashed potatoes were excellent and the portion size just right.Kudos to the service and staff at this location. No dessert this time but in the past you cannot go wrong with any of their choices.
3	The food here is good but the wait can get long even after you are seated.. I appreciate that they are open 24 hours and that's about it. I've had the chicken and waffles here as well as a club sandwich.  Nothing to write home about --- mostly convenient if you're staying at this hotel, or if you need variety... but are not down for a buffet. GLC is a something for everyone type thing with an all day (albeit limited) breakfast menu.
3	We have eaten here before but this last time was one of the worst experiences ever. Keep in mind it was not busy at this hour. We walked in and were greeted right away and quickly seated. After waiting 10 minutes someone casually dropped off 4 waters  but nothing else. At this point we had waited 15 minutes but still had no idea who our waiter was. We finally asked the lady in the front to be moved into another section and she quickly sat us somewhere else. After that we had to wait another 20 minutes for food and finally ate after what felt like forever. This was an awful experience and the manager came over and just apologized and walked away. He didn't say anything else, didn't ask us if we needed anything. It was  a very disappointing experience especially because we have eaten here many times before. On the bright side the food was good.
3	I tried to go here for breakfast several times while staying at the Venetian this week but most days there was a line out the door.  This I assumed meant they had the best food/service around which everyone clearly knew about. What I noticed upon further inspection though was that there were over a dozen empty tables and they were simply unable to seat people fast enough to take advantage.When I finally did get there for breakfast I had the huevos rancheros.  The flavor was OK, but it was extremely watery.The person who took my order wasn't my waitress and when my actual waitress came by she tried to take my order again.  I saw it happen again at another table which could have meant that one lady was poaching tables or the other was a step behind - tough to tell.Anyway, the food wasn't bad and the service was pleasant once I was seated.I would go back to try something else but there's no way I'd stand in line for 40 minutes to do so.
2	I typically don't go down to the strip but when I do I at least expect to get high quality food (even if it is overpriced).  I realize this place is just a coffee shop but I never expected they would serve a steak that had been tenderized with papaya enzymes.  seriously gross.  the crab cake was ok but the best part was the remoulade.  also had a chopped salad that wasn't bad but it was over dressed.
3	Many visits, First time disappointmentWe eat at the Grand Lux at least once, every time we're in Las Vegas, (and we've been to the Grand Lux in Boca Raton several times as well). Pot roast was overcooked and tough. Red cabbage and garlic mashed potatoes (two favorites) are no longer offered. Baby back ribs were a little overcooked, and not especially tasty... also overpriced. They also did not keep up with the corn bread that is part of the ribs dinner... they ran out. Mixed review on the Salisbury Steak. One of our group liked it, and one did not.
4	The best place to eat late night inlas vegas if you are out late this is the place to eat! I def recommend the shrimp pasta
3	It's very reminiscent to Cheesecake Factory, as you may have already heard before. It has the same type of cuisine with a variety of dishes that will be sure to please everyone in your group. Just don't expect to be amazed by it. It's a decent option in terms of pricing, but there are so many places to eat in Vegas, I can't imagine ever wanting to come back here. We ate here simply out of convenience and because it was very late.
4	Good food. Friendly service. Came to the bakery to order to go, ordered the chicken and mushroom soup after their chicken avocado sandwich was a fail. The soup was very creamy and filling. Not bad for $5.
5	I really enjoyed the chicken Flautas!! They were crispy and delicious!! The bartender was very nice, and served the whole menu at the bar. This was very helpful to me, as I was only able to stand due to an injury. I ordered more appetizers to go bc there were more choices than I could eat! Everything was delicious!!
4	Always awesome service... Reasonably priced for a Las Vegas strip restaurant... Very clean establishment.... I have always ordered the go to appetizer of Buffalo Chicken Rolls.... Always so good.. I have eaten the Chicken Parmesan, Crab Cakes, Caesars Salad, and Alfredo is amazing...
4	Wow, this place was a surprise. I have had take-out cheesecakes from here once before, but did not realize what an extensive dinner menu they had. It goes without saying that the deserts are sensational, but the dinner menu is just brilliant. They have two menus - the 'Skinny' menu (appropriately in a skinny format) if you're after healthier options and a regular menu. As others have said - very refreshing to have the option given that there are not a lot of veges involved in most fast food joints (potatoes being the main exception in the guise of fries of course!). We were surprised at the extensive range of things to choose from as well as the really very reasonable pricing. The hard part was trying to decide what to have! I had the fresh-made guacamole and it was hands-down the BEST I've ever had. My gf had Tuscan chicken off the skinny menu and he loved his as well. Servings are generous without being over the top. The atmosphere was great, nice little booths and they seemed to cater really well to families and large groups as well having a glance around us. Bathrooms exceptionally clean. Can't recommend this place enough, would love to eat there again...if only we had one were we live!
3	casual dining venetian hotel...family type restaurant....reservations recommended...group of nine for lunch...calamari $12.95 and chicken lettuce wrap $10.95 for appetizers...finding enormous mountain for deep fried calamari rings...decent bite to start....lettuce wrap fine and savory chicken heavily marinated/seasoned...taking a combo of shaking beef and caramel chicken $20.50...intense saucing bit too salty and sweet...shaking beef bit too salty....caramel chicken a over sweetened orange chicken type of dish...battered, fried and generously sauced...portions are enormous!...share!...not a single person finishing their plate...enough variety and choices on the menu for anyone...definition of americanized over-sized meals overly sauced salty and sweet...roughly $55 per person gluttonous lunch...
3	Solid 3/5 stars on food.Service was 4/5--great, friendly staffApparently this is the "Cheesecake Factory" of Las Vegas.First time here, but it is frequented by many of my friends. Very extensive menu, so it took us a while to figure out what to order. We ordered:1) Seared Rare Ahi Tuna Salad: 2.5/5 Eh, good, but obviously not as great as Ahi at a sushi restaurant2) Shrimp Scampi: 3/5 not shabby
5	This review is just for the side of french fries.  The best french fries East of Balthazar in NYC.
3	Pros:- decent, not amazing food- open 24 hours, thank god! At 4AM, it's a really nice spot to just hang out and grab a bite before turning in for the night.- great service, frequently hilarious, honest, and so on top everything- great policy where if you're not happy with your food after tasting it, you can ask to get it switched for something else. They are seriously all about the service.- huge menu with hundreds of items. There's something for everyone.- little to no wait to get seated for late night foodCons:- the food takes a little while to come out- the food is alright for the priceOverall, I'll probably come back the next time I'm in town and craving late night food.
4	Good food potato egg rolls are awesome! The customer service was good! Our server was super nice!
4	The service was excellent.  The food was great as well.   We went there for breakfast and I had to have my second choice egg, sausage, and hash browns.  All were cooked to perfection.  My first choice was French toast but they ran out.  It must have been pretty special to run out on a Monday morning.   I will go back and try to order it next time .
4	if bouchon is my go-to for brunch in the venetian, then grand lux cafe is pretty much my go-to for every other meal in vegas. it has an extremely large menu, with enough choices to please even the pickiest of persons. whenever we roll deep with 15+ people, this is easily the place to go if you don't want an hour+ wait.i have found myself here more times than i'd like to admit after a night of clubbing. somehow, we always end up here, even when we're not staying at the venetian/palazzo. and nothing tastes better than their basket of fries after a long night of drinking.everything i've had on the menu has been a hit with me -- burgers, sandwiches, pastas, meat entrees, anything fried... even their brunch (gasp, i know. not better than bouchon though). i've heard some friends say their sandwiches or salads were just average. i say choose wisely, my friends. don't order something on the menu that doesn't look like it's gonna be good just because it's "healthier" or whatnot. you're in vegas, you shouldn't be on a diet.
3	Huge portions but be prepared to wait for it. Just flew in and met my coworkers for a quick late lunch. There were maybe 5 other tables that had people but our food took forever to come to the table. So much for the quick lunch. I had a chicken salad sandwich that was kind of bland. The empanadas were good. Ratings more based on the service than the food.
4	This is basically a cheesecake factory without so much cheesecake and no brown bread!. It's open 24 hours, so we grabbed a light dinner before hitting the clubs and came back around 3 am for desserts. I'm in love with the chocolate creme brulee! The chocolate fudge cake and the bread pudding were good too. Unfortunately, they were out of the dessert we originally wanted to order (something involving bananas).For dinner, I wasn't too hungry so I split a margherita pizza with a friend. It was pretty standard
5	Literally wrote the longest review ever for this place and then realized I didn't want to be one of those people.Here's what you need to know1)  Great spot any time of day - pretty awesome in the middle of the night2)  Their food is exceptional - if you're drunk/hungover/about to pass out... whatever.  Just don't expect it to taste like the dish you're served once you get to heaven then you'll be disappointed.3)  Yes, the line will look intimidated - but calm down... you'll be seated in 10-15 mins.4)  I literally ate here every meal during my stay at the Venetian a couple weeks back.  20% out of convenience and 70% because of the good food.5)  It's not expensive... especially for VegasGood stuff:Whatever the hell those mashed potatoes wrapped in an egg roll are calledThe miso cod - had it for lunch and dinner with the mashed potatoes instead of rice.  It's really goodTheir volcano shrimpThe corned beef hash - my bf actually exclaimed "this is real meat!" when he got itMy least favorite was the Ahi tuna salad but it was still good (and I'll admit, it's a hard dish to pull off if you're not a sushi restaurant).GO EAT THERE
4	Since the food court in the Casino area at Venetian does not have many options, my coworker and I decided to dine at Grand Lux.  They have very extensive menu and the portion is huge.  Their food is nothing special but good overall.  Service is great! We had a very attentive and polite waitress.
4	I really like the food here. It's super tasty and they have a great selection. Also the service is great. Definitely coming back.
1	Terrible breakfast buffet. Cold eggs. No waffles. No muesli. Slow, disinterested service.
4	Came here on a Tuesday evening, after the average "dinner rush," though being Vegas, places are busy all the time. Some people have mentioned a large line and little wait time, we found both the line and wait time nonexistent. The lady who escorted us to our seat was pleasant, asking me how my day was doing. I found the personalized attention refreshing. Once seated, our server could not have been better. She gave us the perfect amount of time to go through the menu before we were ready to order, and continually checked up on us and refilled our drinks without us asking. Our food came out in a timely fashion, and all was cooked to perfection- fish and burgers alike. As for dessert, we ordered a cheesecake, a cupcake creation, and a slice of key lime pie. The key lime pie was flavored perfectly-not too much and not too bland. The cheesecake was rich but tasty, and the cupcake dish was devoured in minutes.All in all, an affordable and delicious choice for dinner. You can easily dress up or come casual- matters not. The lighting could be romantic if you wanted, or comfortable with friends. I plan to make this a traditional stop when I am here in Vegas and strolling the Venetian.
4	Wonderful lunch with my husband and toddler. Had the sandwich/soup/salad combo. Asparagus soup was superb, loved the slightly sweet vinaigrette on the salad. Portions generous. Service was friendly and attentive. Would recommend to anyone!
4	Been here more than once after a night out of drinking.. But now I can say I've been here sober and not so sober!Quick seating, although it gets busy! Friendly staff & good for kids when the sun is still up. Like everyone says-- it IS like a Cheesecake Factory minus the cheesecake, but in my opinion and if I'm willing to make the drive out here, I like it better! This time around the better half and I had :Blue Cheese Salad - not a blue cheese fan but this was good, could have a little less dressingCalamari - FAVORITE! I liked the added fried zucchini and onions! Kobe Meatballs - big meatballs, juicy and tender meatballs! Not too much sauce, comes on a bed of creamy polenta.I unfortunately could not have any of the pasta dish but it did look good! Must try if you're in the strip area!
3	This restaurant is pretty much like Cheesecake Factory, but not as good.  I believe they are sister companies. I came here with a group of 6 other girls for brunch after a weekend of bachelorette festivities.  Here's what I shared with my sis who was the soon bride to be:CREAM OF ASPARAGUS SOUPThis soup was quite tasty and definitely creamy! More on the creamy side than the vegetable taste but it's so good! I wish I only ordered this!SHORT RIB GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH - $13.50Slow roasted short rib, caramelized and picked onion, arugula and melted cheese, served on country bread. A plate you can share!  This crunchy and unctuous sandwich made also came with horseradish garlic sauce which really complimented it.  It also came with salad which I decided to have the cream of asparagus instead!  It's quite cheesy and greasy and all around good.  Although not the best grilled cheese I ever had, it was the greasy spoon I needed after a long weekend of drinking ;) PASTA CARBONARA (lunch pasta & salad special) - $12.50Smoked bacon, peas, a touch of garlic and karma dan cream sauce! We chose the twisted pasta instead of spegetti.  The pasta portion is HUGE! Definitely share-able.  although I had to ask for extra sauce because it didn't seam enough.  Overall this dish was okay :)As for the salad, I'm glad it didn't taste like regular typical house salad.  It had dressing and a lot of the veggies that were decent.My overall experience here was ok.  I feel we came here for convenience; it was in our hotel and we knew it had a variety of choices to eat.  Service was unfortunately weird although she was nice, there were a few mistakes and miscommunication  I guess.  Grand Lux is a place more for convenience than being part of the Vegas experience.
5	From breakfast, to dinner, to late night drunchies, this is the place to go. The menu is fairly priced and the food is great! During our stays at the Venetian, we ventured out to try different restaurants in this hotel but this place has them all beat. You can't go wrong with the burgers/sandwiches and fries. Their burger buns are really good. I recommend the spicy carnitas sandwich - slow cooked pork with avocado, cilantro, and salsa made to perfection! Also, the jambalaya is delicious and the lunch portion is more than enough food. The customer service is great. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. Also, the waiting time for this restaurant is never more than 10 mins. It's a large place and it's run very efficiently. This place is probably the best restaurant on this side of the strip. Definitely recommend you try it out for yourself
4	The mimosas here are generous and the breakfast selection is great. Being on the casino floor means tables closer to the entrance get a waft of nicotine from time to time.
5	I visited the Grand Lux Cafe Venetian for the first time this past weekend with my girls during a Vegas trip. We stopped in after dancing our butts off at XS. We ordered chicken tenders (only on the kid's menu so if you want them, just ask!), the jambalaya (I forgot the specifics, oops), and the garlic shrimp pasta. Everything was delicious and the service was great. If you're looking for a real meal after clubbing or just in the middle of the day, I suggest checking out Grand Lux Cafe. Their menu is extensive and everything is delicious!
4	Went for breakfast since The Mirage doesn't have a cafe (It looks like they are putting one in though). I ordered a cappuccino but it came in a coffee cup which I think is totally weird, but it was good. They offer a breakfast buffet so I cruised through it but was not impressed so we all ordered a la cart. I was HUNGRY so I ordered bacon and eggs AND blueberry pancakes. It was good, bacon was crispy, eggs were cooked just right, hash-browns were nice and crispy. I like the big plump blueberries in the panckage. My husband had the chicken and waffles. That waffle was the BEST waffle EVER! I ended up eating his. My friends got the salmon platter and breakfast sandwich. The salmon/lox were really really good. The sandwich was big and my friend was only able to eat half. Overall it was a good breakfast but I would definitely get a waffle next time. Service was ok, they were busy. Plates are big enough to share.
1	I would give 0 stars if I was able to. Terrible service, it has taken 45 mins for our group to even get our order.
5	The Cheesecake Factory owns this cafe.  The food is always good and the prices are what you would expect.  They are open 24/7.  The wait staff is nice.
4	Affordable lunch or dinner conveniently located within the VenetianAs others have said, this is very much like a cheesecake factory. Huge menu, reasonably price, and very good food. The nice thing is that they aren't price gouging (as they easily could) considering its location within the Venetian.Service was excellent. Our waitress was extremely attentive providing refills, more bread, and the check promptly. She was also very friendly and provided a lot of options that were recommended by her and frequently by guests. I ordered the caramel chicken which came with a large portion of rice. This was a massive portion and I could only eat half of it even though I was very hungry. The chicken was very good and nice and crispy. Very similar to an orange chicken from a chain restaurant but a bit sweeter and overall tasted better.Overall, great restaurant.. large portions, great service, and affordable.
4	Open 24/7 so that's a plus! Very similar atmosphere and menu as The Cheesecake Factory. I ordered the fettuccine Alfredo with chicken and it came out to be about $20 including tip. The sauce was really creamy and the chicken was cooked well! Portions are also really big. I was able to share it.
4	Have been here for lunch and dinner and wasn't thoroughly impressed. But we went for breakfast the last time we stayed at the Venetian, and I was floored by the chicken and waffles! The best I've had in a long time.
4	Grand Lux used to be the place I ordered from while at the poker table late at night with a few drinks in me. Well, tonight I went there sober and actually ate at the restaurant. Food is top notch and reasonably priced. Spring roll appetizer, recommended by out wonderful waitress Deborah, was delicious. Kobe burger was a very good burger and reasonably priced (for Vegas) at $14. Will definitely go back
5	This is my best kept secret in Vegas. I've been coming here for like 15 years and never been disappointed. This is the Cheesecake Factory ( same menu, same cheese cake ) without the glitz and glam and wait time. Open 24 hours, you can eat good food whenever. Garlic Shrimp Scampi and all the burgers are my fave. Pastas and Chicken Madeira are just like the Cheesecake Factory.
3	Waited too long then when they seated us.. The table was not completely ready. Highly recommend the Chicken Lemon Picatta & Bistro steak  ( less than $18 ea ) .. With strawberry lemonade. It was yummy indeed! The first server was not very pleasant ( female w accent/ blonde ) but the second one - ( shift change ) was absolutely delightful..( Pier - i think he was french ).Kids menu are priced right ($8 below, around there ).
2	Very disappointing! I have been here before and it was always good.This time the server was very rude and gave us attitude the entire evening. Out of 7 dishes to come out 3 were cold. The burger was cold and 2 steak sandwiches were almost freezing.The manager have us a desert for free, but honestly that did not make us feel any better about the meal.I will have to think hard before I come here again.
4	Really great little place to grab lunch and take a seat for a little. There lunch specials are really good and great prices. Best part they run their lunch specials until 5. the Servers were kind of slow and hard to be found but that's it.
4	Excellent breakfast. we ordered the waffle, eggs benedicts and veggie omlette. The waffle is the BEST waffle I've ever had. Fluffy and crispy. The eggs benedict is just ok. The decor and service was very good.
4	We ate here before going to see Terry  Fator across the street in the Mirage.We were very happy with the service the food and especially the prices,considering this place is in The Venetian.Considering you are in Vegas and prices are high,give a visit to this place you will be surprised at how affordable it can be with great quality.
5	I always stay at the Palazzo hotel and normally we only did breakfast at the Grand Lux but this trip we ate all of our meals here and everything was GREAT!!!!!Breakfast....Try the banana, pecan, caramel topped pancakes. DELICIOUS!!Lunch.....Asian Short Rib Tacos. DELICIOUS!!!Dinner or Lunch (We ate light) ....Grand Lux Turkey Burger. The sauce? AMAZING!!!!We ate and drank until we were stuffed and all of the meals and service was outstanding.Thank you Grand Lux staff and Chefs for a familiar place to eat whenever I am in Vegas.
5	Seriously delicious!  My husband and I were staying at Treasure Island during a brief staycation away from the kids.  We knew we didn't want to eat at the cafe inside of T.I. because $15 for a plate of eggs is NOT okay.  I quickly Yelped somewhere for an early lunch and came across this place.  Since it's right across the street from T.I., we walked on over.When we got there, I saw a line out the door and felt instantly defeated.  To my surprise, the line moved insanely fast and we were seated within 5 minutes of arriving.  The place is MASSIVE and it was packed.  Our server was sweet and competent and took our order promptly.The food was amazing!  As an appetizer, we ordered a blue cheese salad-- lettuce coated with delicious blue cheese dressing, sprinkled with chunks of blue cheese, thick chunks of bacon, fresh croutons, and tomatoes.  To this day it remains the #1 salad we've ever eaten.  For our main courses, we had meatballs served on polenta and some kind of shrimp dish; both were perfect.  The price was extremely fair-- I'm sure each dish was right around what T.I.'s plate of eggs would have cost us, but obviously the food was above and beyond.We had HAD plans to hit up several different Vegas eateries during our stay, but canceled those plans and ate at the Grand Lux for the rest of our meals-- dinner that same night and breakfast the next morning.  We talk about this place ALL OF THE TIME and can't wait to go back with our friends!P.S. We HATE the Cheesecake Factory, so don't let their association deter you. =)
5	This restaurant is awesome!  We couldn't figure out where to eat, and decided to give this place a try.  This is one of the decently priced restaurants in the venetian.  I had the mediterrainean mahi mahi. So filling and absolutely delicious.   My husband had the filet with carrots.  Wow!!  An amazing filet for 30$ on the strip!!  Seriously cannot say enough good things about this place.  The ladies sitting at the table next to us had fantastic things to say about it too!!We will be back several times....for sure!  Way to go Grand Luxe Cafe!!
4	Great portion size. The menu is huge so it takes a little bit of time to decide what you want. The shrimp are HUGE! Totally a must go for anyone who has never been!
4	This is one of my favourite restaurants in Vegas! It has an amazing and wide-spread selection that suites any pallet. The service is always superb and the food is fabulous. The only downside is that it is quite crowded and you often have to sit literally right next to another group of people. Don't let this deter you though, it's a worthwhile stop!
4	This was my second time eating at Grand Luxe Cafe.  First time was with family, and there was something for everyone.  Sister to Cheesecake Factory, so portions huge and freshly prepared.  This time there were two of us catching a bite before a show at the Venetian.  Happened to be happy hour, so we sat at a booth at the bar.  A decent selection of well mixed/prepared cocktails and appetizers for $5 each.  Thai nachos were delicious.  Portions huge for $5.  We split a "small" caesar salad, which was anything but small.  Also split pasta carbonara from the dinner menu which was also very tasty.  Perfect for a casual meal of fresh, flavorful food in Vegas.
4	We come here almost every time we are in Vegas.  It's great for lunch and dinner, but the breakfast is what keeps us coming back. The buffet has good, fresh food at a nice price point.  And the fresh squeezed OJ is to die for! You won't regret it :)
5	The best faux pho ever! It's called "zen noodles" and it's pretty much pho but none of that unhealthy msg or oil. The broth is similar but very light and more of a lemon grass flavor... it's soooo good! Especially if you've been drinking all night and just want some homey pho...the zen noodles does the trick. You don't even need sriracha sauce or anything to make it flavorful. I had it 3 times here, after each night of drinking! It did save a hang over every day. Sooo good!
5	Cathleen just brought me some warm water when I thought she wasn't ... Pretty excellent service IMHO will come back again
4	Pretty good for a Vegas breakfast joint! Had to wait in line, but not too long. The menu us HUGE! We tried eggs, potato hash, creamy spinach and cheese dip(my favorite), seared rare ahi, avocado and heirloom tomato salad, and grand club sandwich. The creamy spinach dip was the best and so was the grand club sandwich. Breakfast eggs were great too. I didn't like the seared rare ahi. It was wasn't very fresh. I guess that's what you get for ordering sushi in Vegas at a breakfast place!The salad was refreshing just make sure you like the dressing so best to request it on the side!I liked that there were lots of options for everyone. Breakfast ends at 11!
5	Excellent food w great friendly service.  You cannot beat the value.  It's beautiful inside, the dining feels casual enough though that you don't feel intimidated or underdressed.  They're open so late and the late night menu is very diverse! Thai chicken/shrimp spring rolls were amazing w fresh mint, carrots and butter lettuce to wrap them in.  Dipping sauce was crack!  House salad was big, good dressing.  The calamari was very nice, big portion.  We're definitely come back!  Can't wait to try the burgers and chicken/waffles!  Ooo
4	Awesome breakfast buffet. Why pay $15 for an omelette when you can pay $18.95 for as many omelette as you want? Fruit, eggs, bacon, sausage, ham...you can have it all!Also came here for dinner and it was very good as well. The salads are huge! I had to take it to go and would have loved to have eaten it after my night out if my friend hadn't knocked it all over the floor.. Ugh. So sad. Our waiter was cute too. And he knew it. Haha. Would def come back again.
5	So far my favorite place I have eaten in Vegas. Cozy, casual, & clean environment with an eclectic menu. Grand Luxe offers a menu that is fresh & affordable that will even satisfy a wide range of tastes. The service has always been fast & efficient when I have dined here & I am looking forward to eating here later this week.
1	5 stars for food considering portions and prices.-4 stars for the horrid service. Been here 3 times, all 3 times it's taken 25 minutes for the server to take the order and another 35 minutes for food. Then it's another 30 minutes to track your server down to get the bill. I've seen every table complain and the manager come to apologize and tell us they're understaffed. 1st time was ok but the next 2 times (different times of the year) doesn't make sense.
4	I wish there was another casual choice for breakfast in the Venetian/Palazzo Hotels. While the Cafe is good, it is usually busy and when I'm in Vegas I want to experience something I can't find at home, so I try to avoid the chains. They don't have a buffet, so breakfast is either Gand Lux or one of the upscale restaurants.
5	This place is undoubtedly one of the best restaurants on the Strip. I can't recommend this place more. My family and I ordered Parmesan chicken, caramel crispy chicken, ribs, pan seared salmon, and volcano shrimp. All of the choices were fantastic. You can't beat the price for the quality and quantity of food at this establishment either. I also highly recommend the drinks-- the Hawaiian smoothie it's to die for. The server is the best I've met during my whole 5 day trip to Vegas. He wasn't hovering but he was always there for a water refills or simply to ask how things were going. He was really friendly!The ambience is great, the lighting and decor was cozy. Some might say the music is a little too loud at times, but I didn't find it that disturbing. I was sold the moment they started playing Coldplay. :)Tl;dr: If you're in the area, definitely consider eating here. You'll be missing out if you don't!
4	A place that is open 24 hours in Vegas! Woohoo! Came here for their pasta. They give huge portions that will totally fill you up in no time. Service average considering I came here at like 4am. But hey, if you can still get some decent food at that time, that's all that matters to me.
4	We went for breakfast and it was really good! At first, we were just going to order off the menu instead of going to the small buffet, but when you add your beverages, the price is virtually the same. The buffet includes your drinks and an orange juice was $5.95 so we decided to go with the buffet. Small but mighty, it did not disappoint! Made to order omelettes, incredible waffles, a big selection of fresh fruit and pastries, and 3 different kinds of hearty breakfast meat! It was seriously so good for standard breakfast food! Yes it was slightly pricey but it was more than average and great service!
3	This place reminded me of a glorified version of The Cheesecake Factory. Came here for an early dinner and then again around 4am for some after the club grub. We stayed at The Venetian so that was our biggest deciding factor on going here. Otherwise, I don't think this place would warrant traveling to another hotel for. They do get props for being open 24 hours though. I heard their breakfast is where its at, but I don't remember the last time I woke up during breakfast time in Vegas.
2	So staying in the Venetian my friends and I decided to have a real meal to soak up some of that binge drinking... Shouldve went somewhere else. It took 10 minutes for five of us to be seated but that was the only thing that was quick. It was extremely hard to find the server for anything he barely came around. N I was not impressed by the food. I had the fish of the day and it was bland n bc the scales weren't removed it left a weird taste in my mouth. My friends broccoli was cold and the brown rice was like concrete pebbles. There was just nothing exceptional, everything was merely edible I guess it looks nice in there and the price is right
3	Its an elevated Dennys. Menu is huge. Always make my way here after drinking lots of booze. Good for the drunken stomach.
5	Great exprince
1	Don't go!Two of us went for dinner.  The first sign of trouble was so many different staff came by the table we were never quite sure who our waiter was.  Someone took the drink order; a different person took the food order.  Every single item was brought to the table by a different person.  You might think this would make it a very fast and efficient, but no.  I ordered the cream of chicken soup and a small chopped salad.  My partner ordered the smoked salmon platter.  We each had a drink.  When the food arrived the smoked salmon platter did not have a bagel as it should have.  I tried to flag down our waiter or any waiter and it was next to impossible.  Finally our(?) waiter arrived and we explained the problem.  Fifteen minutes later still no bagel and no sign of our waiter.  I got the attention of another waiter and explained the problem.  Ten minutes pass and no bagel and no waiter.  By now I'm getting agitated.  I manager comes over and I explain the problem of the missing bagel and missing waiter.  I also stated that I didn't think we should have to pay for the platter since we have now been there for over an hour.  He went to the kitchen to check.  The waiter then appeared and said the kitchen had no bagels but the manager was taking care of things. (No offer to reorder just more waiting).  Finally two hard as a rock bagels arrive.  As a "courtesy" the manager removed the charge for the $5.00 soup.(How generous)  We never saw him again.  The whole affair, from arriving at the table to check arrival takes nearly two hours! You bet I paid in cash so as not to have to wait for my credit card to come back.  I think the waiter tried his best.  The problem here seems to be TOTAL lack of management and total chaos in the kitchen.  It was 8:00pm and the place was half empty. The looked to be more than ample wait staff. Two hours for soup, salad and a lox platter???!!!This place is totally mismanaged. The food wasn't even up to the usual Grand Lux standards. Stay away.
5	My wife and I visited Vegas for vacation and found that this is the best food on the strip. The meals were large enough to share and I usually never share a meal because I can eat a lot. The food was fantastic and the service was great, we never had to wait to get in, get are food, or wait for the check. My wife and I loved this place so much we eat there everyday of our 3 day vacation. This place was also worth the price and the price wasn't that bad either. We shared the Chicken Parmesan and we paid about $19.00 without the tip and for breakfast we shared the pancakes and sausage for $15.00(also without tip). I would highly recommend this place to eat!
2	Food : greatPrices: reasonableCustomer service: almost left the restaurant because food took forever. Our waiter was awful!
5	I love grand lux. I never had a item on the menu I didn't like. Came here late late night and they were out of bread. The waitress brought us a order of fries to substitute. Try the cream of chicken soup. You'll thank me for it
5	As a gluten free, dairy free, vegetarian it's a rare occasion where I can have a delicious veggie burger WITH a bun. So tasty!!! They even put beets in it so it looks like a real burger. GENIUS. Loved it all. Well done :)
5	This restaurant has never fail on my Dinner every time I go  with my family the food is always delicious and a great experience  I'm very happy with Yesterday Dinner was Delicious The restaurant was very clean The host,waitress ,and the rest of the staff was very nice specially a Spanish speaker man he took care of Us and made sure we had everything we needed
5	So good!!!!!!! Very Cheesecake Factory-esque.
3	I really didn't enjoy my meal or service here, but am giving it an extra star because I think it was a fluke.  We sat in the bar area and the service was painstakingly slow--which can kill a vibe if you are just starting your day.  We ordered one burger and a round of drinks and it took forever...so long it almost ruined our vibe...almost...but then it didn't...because let's face it, we are in Vegas!  On to another bar and can't decide if I'll be back.  It's got the makings of a positive lunch experience, so I might be able to forgive the over-cooked burger and slow service.  I'll let you know.
5	I absolutely love this place. The staff is great very knowledgeable when it comes to suggesting food you will love. You can feel that they know what taste good. The wine pairings are exquisite. The manager is so accommodating  he makes you feel very special. His an awesome guy. When we ate there I heard that he was having a health issue but he made us feel like royalties.there was no way you can tell he was dealing with something ,I wish everyone is like that ,willing to do their work inspite  of anything. Your the best.i will definitely come to enjoy the food and hang out with you. Love your pastas and bread.
4	Love this place. Food is always amazing and the service is great. They have great salads and portions are gigantic. Just avoid going here on weekends in the wee hours because you'll be surrounded by drunk, half naked girls and douchy guys that just got out of the clubs. Unless you want to see girls walking around shoeless and guys fist pumping to imaginary bass sounds.
5	Went back last summer and it was epic! Everything we ordered was so delicious. You must try the Madiera Chicken!!! My mouth is watering just typing it's name. Shrimp with avacado salad and Asian Nachos also both good. Our waitress was first class, top notch. She was extremely friendly and great with suggestions.
5	I rate this above the Cheese Cake Factory, by 1 star do to better menu. Over 200 items VERY KID FRIENDLY for being hirer end. I had the 7 mushroom burger got 12.00 and was so dam tasty!! There was 8 if us including 4 kids. Kid menu was the only down fall it was short but food was still to at 8.00 per plate. All the staff were 5 star with our drinks never hitting the bottom. We will be back Total bill w drinks deserts and food for 8 was 171.00 w tip. Good deal for what you get!
5	The food was great!  Our waitress was very occupied though, because I had to ask another waitress twice to get her. We ordered the buffalo chicken rolls and they were delicious!  Crisp, hot and very good flavor.Then I got the pasta and salad lunch portion.  My pasta was very good. I ordered the Carbonara. A little too much peas for me, but after I picked a few off the top, it was good. The salad was a small portion of greens on the side, but was perfect since the appetizer filled me up. I also ordered a Blanco Sangria and it was just a 3 out of 5.  Drinkable, but wouldn't order again.  I really enjoyed the food, so I am still giving this a 5 regardless of the drink and service. I will return.
5	We came here for breakfast and thought it was a great place to eat.  Had the chicken and waffles with maple pecan butter and my wife had a scrambled eggs plate.  Everything was very flavorful and the service was good.  The place is slightly dark but looks a place you want to eat at.  It does cost a little more than breakfast should but eating on the strip always cost a little more.  Wish we came back for lunch to see what other good stuff they had to offer.
5	I've been here several times for dine in and take out whenever I'm playing poker here.  They have an extensive menu.  Offers something for everyone.  Today I had the chile lime chicken mango salad and the chef made me a custom dressing which was fantastic.  Sorry I forgot to take a photo.  The bread was good also.
1	I don't recommend this place to anyone. Me and my friends came here because it was one of the the only restaurants that open for 24 hours. I had crispy caramel chicken. Unfortunately, it was poor quality. The staff was friendly; however, it wasn't worth it.
4	I love this place and the fact that it's open 24 hours. This is my ultimate favorite 24 hour spot. Delish food at any hour! They offer breakfast, lunch and dinner and the portions are huge and good priced. They also have lunch specials till 5pm. They are the same company as Cheesecake Factory and offer similar dishes. I took off one star however, because the last three times I was here, the food took FOREVER to come out even though it wasn't busy. They apologized each time but three times in a row? Not good. On to food! My favorites are the Avocado Chipotle Burger, Short Rib Grilled Cheese, Pasta Carbonara, Indochine Shrimp and Chicken, Chicken Royale, Pan Seared Salmon, and Warm Sticky Bun Bread Pudding. I feel like I've tried probably half their menu and haven't come across something I haven't liked. I love this place! Definitely one of my favorites!
3	I'm not sure what all the fuss is about. This place is nothing special and the menu choices are almost identical to the Cheesecake Factory's. With all the other amazing food options in the area, why dine at a high-volume food chain?
3	I've been to the location in Chicago so when it came time to pick a place to eat for lunch we decided to go here - mainly because we were already nearby and the menu looked good.There was no wait and hardly anyone in the restaurant but service was sooo slow and our waitress seemed to be in la la land. We asked for water 3 times before she finally decided to bring it and then she just left us there for a good 15 minutes even though we told her we were ready to order when she brought the water. We finally order and the food takes forever to arrive. By this time, we've gone through 2 bread baskets and our water but she doesn't come back to fill the water, just brings another one and doesn't answer our question about where the food is. When the food finally arrived it was just ok. My friend got the waffles and I got the southwest enchiladas. It all looked good but the portions were huge and the food lacked flavor. We got through about half of it before deciding we were done and once we decided on that, the check took forever to arrive. *sigh*
5	Been coming here for the past few years always a must! Everything is always delicious, the staff is great. We always come for the buffalo rolls/balls and the Cesar salad is our favorite. Great quality food and quick service.
3	3.5 stars.I constantly stay at the Venetian/Palazzo when I'm visiting Vegas so this has become one of my go-to places. It's convenient (right by the elevators to the suites), it's tasty, and it's open 24 hours. It really can't get any better than that!I probably go to Vegas around once or twice a year so I rarely get to eat at Grand Lux (it's LA location unfortunately closed). Therefore, I always order the same thing when I go, which is the Pasta Telephono. I absolutely love it. It's got a nice tomato sauce, with melted cheese and bread crumbs on top. You can get the lunch portion which comes with a side salad ($12.95), but they only serve this until 5pm. The dinner portion costs $16.95. Kinda pricey for a pasta that doesn't even come with any meat. Adding chicken will cost you an additional $2, and they actually charge you per shrimp if you want to add that! I've never heard of a restaurant doing that before!Anyways, I can't really comment much on their other dishes. I've tried a few others before and didn't have any complaints. They have a huge menu, including sandwiches/burgers, pizzas, and fried chicken, so you're bound to find something you like. It's very similar to Cheesecake Factory.
5	Awesome food here! Late night is A-May-Zing!!!!! Try the asian nachos it won't disappoint. Also the buffalo chicken rolls!
4	I love staying at the Palazzo in Vegas, and the two times I have stayed (both for my birthday), I have eaten at the Grand Lux Cafe.Their food is delicious and enjoyable every time!Their fettuccini alfredo is pretty bomb & so are their buffalo chicken rolls and cream of chicken soup!Never disappoints! Also, don't be fooled by the long lines, especially if you are a small party, just go and sit at the bar! There is almost always bar spots available to eat, despite people wanting to sit at regular tables, and I honestly feel like the bartenders are more attentive anyways!Pricing here is slightly above average, but nothing mediocre. You are looking at $10-$25 plates.Love this place! Can't wait til our next visit and meal here!
4	This is a great place if you have a large group of people.  Their menu has an incredible amount of variety.  The food is great.  The service is good.  And the portions are terrific.  And for dining on The Strip, you can't beat the price.  Whenever I'm entertaining a large group of people, I recommend this place for those reasons.  They have one in the Venetian and one in the Palazzon.  The one in the Venetian is 24/7.
5	The restaurant was amazing. The food was great and the service was very quick. I ate a full slab of 12 ribs and I wasn't very hungry. First time coming here and will definitely add it to the list. Pricing was normal but the server didn't really know much of the pricing. Overall I would recommend it to anyone ! No wait and great food, open late too!
4	As far as Grand Luxe's go this one was  very good. We came as a party of 8 on a Sat night and had to wait 15 minutes to be seated, not too bad. The waiter came over promptly after we were seated and brought over some water and warm bread. Our orders were taken but then the waiting game began. It took over 30 mins for us to get our food. No one ordered anything too fancy (salads, pasta, salmon, etc) but we watched as tables around us that were seated after us got their food, ate, paid and left. Everyone was very satisfied with their food though so I have to still give Grand Luxe credit. My chicken and avocado salad was very good: a large portion, lots of avocado, flavorful salad dressing. Other orders included the cedar planked salmon (always a crowd pleaser, my friend enjoyed it very much), the fried chicken, the gnocchi and pesto, spicy beef, and garlic shrimp pasta. No complaints about the food, the wait to get it was a doosy though.
5	24 hour cafe downstairs, awesome! Grand Lux is known to be the sister of Cheesecake factory so you'll see similarities in their decor and menu options. I tried their Pasta Carbonara during this trip and it was the best Carbonara that I've ever had. It was creamy and just delicious! Their Asian nachos are also on point. They're a little on the sweet side for me but my boyfriend absolutely loves them.   Service has always been awesome. They have a grand selection of options to try. Next time I'll try their breakfast options if I stay at the Venetian again.
4	Apparently, not everything in Vegas has to be overpriced and hyped out because the Grand Lux Cafe completely made me swoon!I never got the chance to eat in because I'm running around Vegas without that much time on my hands but there's a friendly, nice little take-out cafe right next to the entrance of the Grand Lux that I frequented!Surprisingly, you can get a relatively good sandwich for $7 in this cafe. It is pre-made but none would be the wiser once you put it on a plate and ditched the wrapper. My gosh! I can't believe that I just got away with paying $7 for a sandwich in Vegas and it tastes relatively good?!Also, the service here is not shabby at all. The girls that always help me are super nice and they take the time to make exceptions for me if needed and handle drunk people all night! I can't believe I didn't find this place in the Venetian sooner!
4	The Grand Lux Margarita is a really excellent drink, one of the best margaritas I've ever had.The Grilled Steak Sandwich is tender and flavorful, on a perfectly toasted roll.  I had the salad with mine (rather than fries) and it was fresh, varied, and the dressing was a light and tasty vinaigrette.The complimentary bread is a light sourdough with a wonderful, crisp crust.In general the prices here are extremely modest considering the fact that it's in Las Vegas.  Husband and I ate lunch here for around $50, and that included my cocktail.
4	This place is great! The food and prices are really good and the service is incredible. The menu is huge and everything we tasted was delicious. The breakfast buffet is also very good. Don't be scared of the long line because service is very fast, so the wait is short.
4	Went in for lunch on a Monday as we were headed to the airport.  We got in with no wait, and they were able to get us our lunch quickly since we were in a hurry.  They accidentally brought us the wrong sandwich, but they rectified it within 2 minutes.  It was the best and fastest service we had in Vegas.Got the turkey club and a strawberry shortcake.  The sandwich was delicious, but the strawberry shortcake was amazing.  Best shortcake I have ever had - combined with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, and fresh strawberries.  We will definitely be going back for another dessert.
5	Love, love, love this place!!  Their food is always delicious. I've never had a bad meal here. Casual dining and comfortable seating.  They have a very large menu with lots of options. You won't be disappointed!
5	Great food! Our service was excellent from Pierre. It's quite reasonable for Vegas, but still high for the real world.
4	We found the grand lux cafe a few years ago and are really glad we did. Although it tends to be constantly crowded, and are many, many seats so the wait time is fairly low. The people that work there very friendly and helpful, but I believe they might have to many tables to wait on per waiter/waitress, so if you need something, you may have to be a little patient. Out of the four times we visited the grand Lux during the 1st week of May, 2014, the one meal that stood out above all the others, although the rest of them were all very good, was the French toast. Yup, the French toast. :-)It's about 2 inches high and tastes like you're eating a custard dessert. The secret is they soak the bread overnight in the sauce, and then fry it to perfection the next morning.The menu is very versatile and there is something for every taste. Hence the reason we keep going back there. Quality is always very, very good. And the serving sizes are also quite substantial. I made a comment to our waitress when she suggested splitting my husbands hash-browns because there were none available at the buffet, that the serving size my husband got with his breakfast wasn't big enough to split. She came out a few minutes later with a plate loaded with hash browns. How can you beat that service :-)
5	My friends and I ate here before heading out to Tao Nightclub. We got to Grand Lux Cafe around 9:30PM and were seated within 5-10 minutes. The decision to eat here turned out to be a really great since portions were perfect for the price.My sister and I shared the Pasta Telephono and it turned out be enough to fill the both of us up. The chicken to pasta ratio was good and I loved the creamy sauce. $14.95 for two people? Good deal to me! Reading reviews that Grand Lux is the sister company of Cheesecake Factory had me mentally comparing the two. I personally like Cheesecake Factory and found Grand Lux to be great in comparison. I'd highly recommend this place!
5	Wow What a Waffle!! This waffle was light, airy, deliciousness!  THE BEST... just amazed at the fluffy crisp texture.  Next time chicken and waffles.  Beautiful restaurant, service is slow but food makes up for the wait, really good coffee too.
4	3.5 stars, but they get 4 from me since the grilled chicken was super juicy!My friends and I came here around 9:30pm to grab dinner before clubbing. It took about 10 minutes to be seated, which wasn't bad considering it was extremely packed. It took awhile for our food to arrive, so this may not be the place to dine if you are in a hurry to get somewhere.We saw how large the portions were, so my friend and I shared the Pasta with Grilled Chicken, Tomato, Basil & Mozzarella. The grilled chicken wasn't dry at all. I was surprised at how juicy it was considering it was white meat! I couldn't finish even though we shared. Definitely kept me full the rest of the night.Yelp reviews said this was the sister restaurant of The Cheesecake Factory, so we kept comparing the two. I think I like this one better! We saw the next table's Shrimp Scampi and that looked absolutely delicious! Dine here if you want good quality and portions for the price!
2	They were very busy for breakfast and had trouble with their time management. My husband's Eggs Benedict was delivered by the manager without the ham... Waiter never checked on us... I had the baja omelet. It was a good choice.
5	We really liked this place! We got seated right away (it was around 5:30 pm on July 5th) and the staff was really nice to us. I ordered the Sicilian pasta and my boyfriend ordered the chicken pot pie - each were around 14-15 dollars (if I remember correctly). We realllllly enjoyed both dishes - and somehow we were too full to finish, but we tried our best. The portions were quite big. What I liked about it was how the atmosphere was nice and classy, but the dining style was pretty casual and the food felt homey - with portions that were bigger than we expected! I would come here again :)
3	Solid 3.5 stars, how can anyone not have a good time here, it's good for casual and good enough for higher-end too.Another good place for late night munchies, a bit gloomy for my tastes, made me sleepy.Ordered their famous carbonera, and while it's good, I've had better.  Overall, good value for the experience.Located in the back, across from the washrooms which is convenient.
5	**4.5 stars**Chicken and Waffles. Never fails.4.5 stars because I ate here twice when I was in town.1st time was great! Late night snack after the club. So drunk, so hungry, so satisfied.Server, he was quick, cool, and attentive.2nd time was for breakfast...Took the server almost 10 min to greet us.She wasn't attentive at all, to us anyway. I could see her at the other tables quite often.She talked my husband out of getting the french toast because she said the texture is wet?!Food was great, as usual.
4	Ordered the chicken and waffles.  SO GOOD! the syrup was different as it is half syrup half melted butter.  And the waffle was a perfect fluff that would disappear in my mouth, very cotton candy like.  The chicken strips were under seasoned, like no salt at all, so I just dumped it in ketchup and that was perfection.
4	This is a lovely go - to for good food. Great quality and big portions! Owned by the Cheesecake Factory, you can also order desserts with your meal.My husband and I always go there whenever we're in Vegas. Other times I've taken my family, and we've also met up here with friends whenever we do Vegas trips.Our last time there was a great experience. I forgot our server, but he was very friendly and checked up on us regularly.For food: I had their Cobb salad, and my husband had a burger/fries (the fries were delicious) and the presentation for both were great. My Cobb was HUGE! I couldn't finish it. :) As for drinks: My Pina Colada was also creamy and delicious and my husband's beer tasted fresh.Never disappoints!!!! Will always be back for late night eats!
4	For a 24/7 casino cafe, the food was very good and service equally good.  Although I'm sure there is no Kobe beef in my meatballs, the Kobe meatballs were yummy paired with the marinara sauce.  The best dish was the ribeye my husband ordered.  It was tender and flavorful--so much better than some real steakhouses.  And the bread they serve comes warm.
5	Every time I come to Vegas I eat here like twice a day. The southwest salad is so good and the slice of cheesecake is bigger than my foot. Mmmmz
4	Really enjoy the Protein breakfast.  Staff is both friendly and attentive.  Service was quick and I was on my way.  No pressure to finish and leave.  Never been disappointed in all my visits.  Will definitely go back again.  Prices are reasonable.  Good for families too!
4	As other reviews has stated, this place bears a strong resemblance to the Cheesecake Factory. The restaurant itself is quite large, so even during the dinner rush we were seated within 5mins of putting our names down. Once we were seated, we spent  a good 10mins going through the pages and pages of the menu. Luckily, they served warm bread & butter to munch on while deciding on what to eat. We all ended up choosing a 'medium plates', which was actually still too big for any of us to finish. My housemade pierogies were so delicious! Light, fluffy potato dumplings served on top of braised short ribs & mushrooms.. mmm. I also tried a bit of the kobe (softball-sized) meatballs in the creamy cheesy polenta which were also great. Our appetizer of wings were also moist inside with a nice crunchy exterior. Yum! Considering how much food they give, the prices are definitely reasonable and they are open 24/7, which is perfect for everyone in Vegas!
5	The best waffles in the world, even better than the ones from Belgium.   And, I have spent 2 weeks in Belgium on a business trip.  The waiters and waitresses go the extra mile, wow!
5	If you just got back from clubbing and are staying at the Venetian, this is the place to visit. I actually found this place on Yelp, go figure. We had spent all night gambling and decided to stop here before we got a snooze snooze in. For a 24 hour restaurant, the food here is superbly cooked and even at 3am in the morning, the staff are quite friendly. I got the Cuban sandwich which was cooked perfectly, with the cheese and ham sunk into the bread in a delicious amalgamation.
5	awesome service and great food. stayed here for a week and was satisfied all around every time.
4	This review is based on the potato stuffed wraps and the calamari...if I had to chose between the two, potatoe wraps all the way!
5	Love this place!  We visit Las Vegas twice a year and always include a visit to the Grand Lux. Have never had anything but an excellent meal.  I now must eat gluten-free and they accommodate me very well.
5	I love the huge menu selection. Everything here is really good. so fun to people watch also
2	We came here for a quick dinner before heading out for the night. Since we were staying at the Venetian, we decided to just keep it simple and eat close by. Luckily, there was not a long wait for a party of 6.Let me just put it out now. RUDE SERVICE!I don't care if it's Vegas or not vegas, if you're a server, you should have a good attitude no matter what restaurant or location you're at. Our server, I shall leave his name out of this review, was rude the moment he came to our table and asked for drinks. We had already been drinking all day at the pool and all we wanted were waters. He gave us this look of disgust and made a comment along the lines of just waters?... And just kind of walked away to let us look over the menus. It would have been nice too to introduce yourself too, sir.Finally when he came back to take our orders, I asked him if they put the ranch on the side or on the Buffalo Wings appetizer dish and he looked at me as if I were asking a stupid question. His reply was "So you want it on the side...? Or just extra on the side...?" I then had to explain to him to leave the ranch on the side because I was allergic to dairy and eggs. He then straight up said "Well then you can't have them!! It has all of those in it" in a tone of voice assuming I'm supposed to know this?! Forget it then. We ended up ordering the Chicken Lettuce Wraps for an appetizer and when it came to entrees, I ordered the Clams with Pasta dish. I asked him what kind of noodles they used and he said, "Egg noodles. You can't have that either!" I asked if they could substitute the noodles for non-egg noodles and he started listing off random noodles I barely recognized by name. I guess I had a confused look on my face because he just sighed and asked if I just wanted rice noodles instead. Done. Oh, and by the way, throughout this whole conversation over food allergies, this guy has the nerve to laugh and joke about it....Food comes out, he doesn't even come back to check on us until after we're almost done and it's only to ask if we wanted boxes. Honestly, this place is open 24/7 and I know for sure I would come back here after a night of drinking, but if all the servers here had this guys attitude, I would rather go to Denny's. Looking at the other reviews, it seemed like our table just got bad luck and got this horrible server. Overall, the food is pretty good with big portions. I would probably compare this place to a Cheesecake Factory with a Maggiano's ambiance.
3	This is a good go to spot. You can't really go wrong because the menu is huge and everything is pretty good. Salads, pizza, pasta, all pretty good. I would stay away from the steaks they are very average. The drinks are good, the service is decent. If you're at the Venetian and u want a quick bite it's a good place to stop in.
5	The Manager Matt was very attentive and his crew was awesome! The food was delicious all 4 times we have been here and the salsa was super fresh!! Delicious!! A must go in Vegas!!
4	My drunk after club spot!If you did not know, Grand Lux is the same company as Cheesecake Factory, just fancier and more expensive.I always order to go in the bakery area.Sausage, Pepperoni & Mushrooms Pizza - $14 - Good fresh cooked pizza. The size is pretty small for the price. Pasta with Chicken, Sun-Dried Tomato and Mushrooms - $18.95 - Go to dish here. Pasta is cooked to a perfect al dente. The chicken is cooked well and the tomato and mushrooms are the perfect addition. The sauce is cheesy garlicy creamy perfection!Love this place!
4	The food was pretty good and I liked how there were a ton of options on their menu. However, the service was alright. Our server only came back once to refill our waters and our food took a while to come out. I mean it wasn't horrible, but it wasn't that great. Besides that, I did enjoy my Spicy Carnitas Sandwich.
4	This is a great 24 hour cafe. Perfect for soaking up all the alcohol after being up all night partying in Las Vegas. They have fast, efficient service and good food. Only took 15 minutes from the time we ordered until we got our food and we had a party of 8. I ordered the DeLux breakfast sandwich with hash browns, hold the tomato. Scrambled eggs with ham & bacon, topped with havarti cheese on brioche bread. It was a bit greasy but delicious. Ordered ranch dressing on the side which was very tasty.
4	A better version of cheesecake factory. I had some pizza and pasta. It was tasty.
5	love this place!!!
5	The Grand Lux Burger Melt is the best sandwich I've ever eaten!  Grilled onions, toasted bread, perfectly cooked beef, melty cheesy goodness, and.... wait for it.... thousand island dressing.  Mmmmmmm......
5	The food here never disappoints (and we're self-proclaimed food snobs- quality over quantity!). Our breakfast go-to is the chicken & waffles- they do a good job with their take on this dish.
3	Average option for brunch. Can't believe it took $1000 of losing at craps to earn enough comps to eat a brunch here. :(
5	One of my all time favorite restaraunts in Las Vegas!  This place is especially good for breakfast.  My meal of choice is the homemade corned beef hash and eggs with a Belgium waffle on the side.  Service is always on point as well.  I've tried a lot of different dishes for lunch and dinner too and none of them have disappointed.  Check them out!
4	Minus one star for the service. Overall, great food. I ordered the Asian chicken salad. It was tasty and full of flavor. The chicken was a bit dry though. The service on the other hand was not the best. When my friend and I were seated, there was another group who came in 5 minutes after us. They were served first which which was wrong. My friend and I were sitting there for 15-20 minutes, nobody served us.
5	Been there for the third time today, never been disappointed. The Caesar salad is delicious and a good portion, my friend always gets the turkey club sandwich and their fries are absolutely amazing some of the best I've had, and today I got the pasta carbonara and it was so good! Good atmosphere good food, definitely  recommended
5	I'm so sad they closed their Beverly Hills location!! I truly love this place & now I can only indulge when I'm in Vegas. I came here with my girls at like 3:30 in the morning after leaving Lily. After midnight I believe, They only have a selected menu so I couldn't get my usual which is the chicken royale. But I got the chicken picatta & it was so good & full of flavor.
5	Forget buffet, this is the place to be in Vegas! Their menu is not only huge, their staff is very friendly and helpful through the whole process, given that the it's quite sifficult to decide from such a big variety. They are owned by Cheesecake Factory and apparently they used to have one in Hollywood but closed it down. It is definitelh a shame that I found out too late. Buffets are so overrated, this place is definitely worth every penny. I guarantee that every item on the menu will leave you with NO regrets!
5	If you're anything like me you love paying more for The Cheesecake Factory - if at all possible. And it's totally worth it! The service was fantastic, the ambiance was great, and the food is delicious! I had the Kobe burger which was like crack on a bun(tm).
3	It reminds me of cheesecake  factory. Good reasonably priced dinner. Great atmosphere for dating.
3	The food is alllllright. I prefer the Cheesecake Factory. The service is good and the bread and butter they serve in the beginning is delicious!
3	Came here for the breakfast buffet (served till 11 am and is approx $20 per person). I was disappointed in the selection of food options and variety of food. I mean come on we're in Vegas! It came with all beverages (coffee was just okay but the orange juice was freshly squeezed and delish) and your choice of omelette bar, waffles, oatmeal, fruit, bacon and scrambled eggs. There was nothing impressive about this buffet and there are plenty other places on the strip that are much better.
4	I have been here many times but always forget to write a review. I am local and love this place. The food is great and so is the staff. I usually go to this particular location (in the Palazzo) vs the one in the Venetian. Only because it is usually less crowded and easier to get too.
1	I love the Grand Lux at the Venetain but my experience this past weekend has left me completely mortified.  The service I received from a waiter by the name of Nathan was beyond rude.  I requested a turkey burger with no sauce and Nathan did not seem to understand this.  He kept questioning and questioning the fact that I wanted my burger with no sauce. He never confirmed my order and actually skipped over completely my order and started asking the other guest with me what they wanted to order.  This was completely RUDE of Nathan "Nate".  Not sure if Nathan was having a bad day, but Nathan needs to be retrained on how to be a professional waiter.  Having an attitude and an ego as a waiter will get you no where Nathan.  My party and I ended up leaving and not dining at the Grand Lux.  The manager stopped by the table but was useless and unhelpful.
3	As many other reviewers have stated, this place bears a strong resemblance to Cheesecake Factory and is owned by the same company. I don't think the food here is quite as good though, but it does have the benefit of being open 24/7 so it was exactly what my party was looking for when we rolled in at 2 am in the morning. The late menu is a bit limited (two pages only). I got the Chili-Lime Chicken and Mango Salad which was sort of missing the Chili-Lime flavor part, but they substituted the romaine lettuce for spinach at no extra cost which was nice. I also wish there were more actual bits of chicken in my salad (they were so tiny and hard to find you almost had to squint at the dish to identify them.) I also tried my friend's Crispy Fried Wontons which had great Asian inspired flavors but were SOO salty. Personally I think the Cheesecake Factory is better. Great service though, they brought out a cute little desert for my friend who's birthday it was.
5	I absolutely love Grand Lux Cafe!  I normally don't have time to eat at the Cafe and end up getting food from the bakery ( the bakery food is just a good)but obviously not as great at the-sit-down version.  Came here for lunch and I got the pasta and the salad combo.  The pasta itself was huge!  it was suppose to be " lunch portion" but in my opinion it was the normal dinner size.  I got the telefono pasta. YUM.  The boyfriend got the steak sandwich and it was perfect!!!  Prices were extremely cost efficient considering were in vegas, this lunch was cheap, good and fer-filling.  I packed most of my pasta to-go and ate it as a midnight snack! 5 stars in my books!
4	Grand Lux is Cheesecake Factory 2.0.They have an extensive menu just like the Cheesecake factory, but I would say that Grand Lux has better options that are tastier and healthier.The avocado chipotle burger was massive and delicious. I had to eat with with a knife and fork since it didn't fit in my mouth. The waiter was very nice and allowed me to substitute the side of fries with the chicken and mushroom soup. The soup was perfectly creamy, not too overwhelming.They have a late night menu from 12am-6pm which means that they are open 24 hours a day! After a long night of drinking, you can stop by the Grand Lux for some late night munchies! My friends and I came here twice during our trip to Vegas because the prices are great and the portions are big. Many restaurants on The Strip are overpriced, but the Grand Lux keeps it real!
5	The waiter was extremely friendly and the food was amazing.  The prices were very reasonable given that this is a vegas restaurant and the portions were large.
1	One star is even too much for this place for their service, first when they were sitting us they took us to a table right next to the kitchen door even though the restaurant was not busy at all, then we asked her to move us she gave us attitude, after all I have been sitting for 30 min and no one even came to take my order. Food is great no complain but service is horrible.
5	Absolutely amazing! The pasta is the best I've ever had! Everything I've tried has been perfect and I'm amazed at how they got the food so good. I've been coming here for years and used to get the wood planked salmon until I discovered the pastas. I've tried all the pastas and have been extremely pleased with them all. My absolute favorite is the pasta carbonara. I hate they closed the one in LA because I want to go here all the time and I'm stuck living so far away! I don't know how a restaurant could get all the pastas so right but if you love pasta please come here! I really meant I've never gotten anything off the menu I didn't like, which is saying a whole lot! It amazes me how I can order anything and be totally satisfied. I wish I could rate higher and I'm not generous with my ratings at all...this is my favorite restaurant!I love the presentation of the food and the customer service.  There is one in the Palazzo and not only is this one much nicer, this location is open 24 hours. The food is presented better here, which is kind of weird. The service at the Palazzo is also touch and go so I prefer to come here. I cannot wait to come back!
5	Located in the Venetian Resort Spa Casino on the Las Vegas Strip. This 24 hour coffee shop deluxe has quite the extensive menu. The prices are very reasonable and the portions huge. I can recommend any one of the burgers, sandwiches or salads. Everything here gets top marks. Go on an off hour so as to avoid lines. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	It's been a long time since I wanted to give a joint 6*s -  but, I guess if you call everything a unicorn, they are eventually all just horses .I really thought perhaps this was a mirage (at 4am in Vegas), but alas...it was the Venetian (womp womp).  The food was truly out of this world!!  I want to write an ode to the salted caramel syrup my cousin had with her chicken and waffles.  I mean, like in Gaelic. Hardcore.  We took some to go, and drank it for "breakfast" the next day.I had the Zen Noodles and all I can tell you is, it's some of the best "pho" I've had in awhile!   The lemongrass broth beats plain ol chicken or beef or veggie any day!  You can add the veggies (sprouts, basil, lime) and request the Sriracha (although it was in paste form, and I prefer the chili pepper sauce).  The noodles are big and flat, and I like how they bring you extra broth in a small carafe - aye! que cute!My bestie had the chicken parm, and I'm telling you, the portions DON'T PLAY.  If we had been in the same moods, and not so tipsy, I would have shared.  As it were, we had parm the next day for lunch - BOTH of us.  I see there are nothing but 4's and 5's down the line for this place, so believe them!TIP:  Um, don't go SO drunk you can't enjoy it....and they're open all night (one of the few!)http://www.venetian.com/grand-lux-cafe-venetian.html
5	Stayed at Venetian for Labor Day weekend and for 2 nights, we had dinner here.  The portions are huge and the prices are fair, if not bordering on affordable.  A big juicy burger (chop house or mushroom) weighs in at about 1/3 lb with a huge serving of fries on the side for only about $13!!!!  The grilled chicken avocado salad is fresh and delicious, the portion serves 2 people (one if you're ravenous and will fill you to the brim!) for $14.  The Manhattan salad with the option of vegetables and cheese (other options include, chicken, shrimp, and price varies accordingly) rang in about $14.  They don't skimp on the cheese or beans or dressing either!  I eat a lot and the salads were filling!  Complimentary sourdough and butter came with the salads.  I think I got about 3 to 4 large slices of sourdough per salad.  How generous is that for a $14 meal?  Dinner for 2 cost under $35!  Much cheaper and fresher than other expensive places in Vegas.  After spending lots of money at a mediocre buffet (Bacchanal to be exact) with below par quality, this place was a delight!  Fresh quality with large portions at affordable prices is like a dream!  Presentation is worthy of any fine dining (maybe I exaggerate here, haha).  This place is open 24 hours too!
5	The staff was super friendly and the ambiance was chic for a diner type establishment. The egg sandwich and turkey & Brie were perfect for a late lunch! Reasonable prices and fast service make it even better!
4	great spot for a quick casual bite to eat in between being poolside and shopping! their portions are quite large so be mindful.  i ordered the buffalo chicken rolls as my appy -- MIND BLOWN! paired with the blue cheese dressing.. it's phenomenal.. definitely worth a visit!
4	Great food. A little pricey. No reservations.
5	Very good service and the food was very good. It is a great place for breakfast good buffet
5	let me start the review by saying if you haven't been here while staying at the venetian, you REALLY messed up. The ambiance is pretty relaxed compared to any other restaurant on the strip. Came here with co-workers for a bite to eat after one of those vegas nights. Ordered spicy ginger beef and it was AMAZING. Came with veggies and choice of rice. Very well seasoned and not too much soy. Veggies balance out the amount of salt. I tried some of the chicken and waffles, while sober keep in mind, and it was literally the best chicken and waffles experience of my life. I had the same dish at founding farmers in Washington D.C. and was pretty disappointed. The bread is also warm and served with a huge square of butter, im talking quarter of the whole stick huge. Server was very attentive and kept the table updated when the food took a little long to come out. Refilled water multiple times and made sure we got all the bread we can eat.  Great place, wish all the cheesecake factories had this menu, then again theres only one Vegas!
2	I am not sure why this place got such great review. We went there for Saturday brunch as a party of 6. We got seated right away as the restaurant was not busy. Our server took 30m to take our order and he only had another table to serve. Attitude at this restaurant is something else. We asked to place order and other servers refused to take our order or communicate with our server for us.It took another 30m for our food to come out, and the food was not that impressive. Nobody brought us ketchup or refill our drinks. When we ask the servers to do so, they didn't want to do that and told us we had to speak to our main server (who was nowhere to be found). At the end, we finished our meal without condiment or water.I felt like I could have been better off eating at McDonald. At least, they will give you ketchup there.
5	awesome service, great testing food and good selection. wine menu was good too of course
3	The food was okay nothing special. It seems that the food could use a little more spice. The other locations like the one in Texas is much better. We were very surprised that the location was pretty empty.
1	Got there. Hostess asked if we wanted a high top at the bar or a normal table. We asked for the normal table. When we got to the normal table, they had shoehorned a large party at the next table, with people sitting at the head and foot of the table.  The person at the end basically had their back pressed against our table. We mentioned it was cramped and asked if there were any other tables.  She said no, even though there were plenty of 4 tops open, and no one waiting.  She snarked "that's why I asked if you wanted the high table", although she failed to mention the cramped conditions when she asked.  We then said we'd take the high top, and which point she pointed at it from across the room and said "the one he's cleaning", referring to the busboy.  And then walked off.  We left and went across the way to db brasserie.  They had a nice brunch menu and polite staff.
5	I grabbed a salad from here for dinner four different nights during my stay at the Venetian. The staff was genuinely friendly and the prices were very reasonable for Vegas. The Grand Lux Cafe is the place to go for breakfast, lunch or dinner if you want an easy and inexpensive meal.
5	This place is the only reason why I like staying at the Venetian. It's opened 24 hours and the food is really good!! I will be back! :)What I Ordered:- Grand Club Sandwich- Caesar Side Salad- FriesI really enjoyed the caesar salad the most out of my meal haha. Dressing was on point!
5	You wont regret about this place, the breakfast is amazing! breakfast buffet with a lot delicious options, either you need to recover yourself after a drink night or just need a lot of energy to walk the strip this is a good place for that. The price is just right so you don't have to worry about empty your wallet.
4	I can keep this short and simple: This is exactly like cheesecake factory (also owned by them). From the taste of food (which i like) to menu items to design to everything. Only difference is that they don't have a big selection of cheesecake. However it is really good, 24 hours (a plus), and less filled up. I can see myself coming here again.
4	Came in on a Sunday morning and only waited less than 10 min. The wait probably isn't as bad, because this cafe runs 24/7. We all ordered different things and they tasted delicious.Salmon & eggs: The salmon was cooked perfectly. It was very tender and didn't have an overwhelming taste of seafood. The eggs were also good (very fluffy).Chicken & waffles: For me, the better half of the dish was the waffle. The chicken was very lean and seasoned well.Corned beef & eggs: I have never seen corned beef prepared the way Grand Lux does it. Usually, the corned beef I order is a little mashed up and thin. Theirs is on the thicker side and in big chunks. I'm definitely not saying it's a bad thing, because their corned beef is at the top of my list. Not greasy either.Red velvet pancakes: YUM. Just thinking about their red velvet pancakes makes me wanna go back. THE best red velvet pancakes you will ever find. Out of all the red velvet foods I've had, Grand Lux has convinced me that pancakes are the best way to have them. There's no way I'll ever be in Vegas without stopping by for their pancakes.Service was decent. The food came pretty fast, but our waitress had a very "fake" attitude. She said everything a little too perky and she talked to our entire table like we were kids. But whatever. She was the last thing on my mind. I was too distracted by the food haha.
5	Great food, nice atmosphere and friendly wait staff. Had the chicken Parmesan and shrimp scampi combo, it was really good. My husband had the BBQ burger and loved it the fries were amazing according to him.
5	Best described as "A High End Cheesecake Factory".  I heard that it is run by the same company that owns cheesecake factory so it makes sense.Stopped in here for Breakfast with some friends before G2E at the sands convention center.  It was packed but we only had a 10 minute wait.  The atmosphere is luxury meets comfort.  The breakfast menu has just about everything you could ask for, and I was in the mode for some french toast.  I Got the banana brioche french toast and my mind was blown.  Not only was practically just a loaf of bread cut in half and turned into french toast, but it was really freaking good.  I washed it down with a mimosa that was good, but I was hoping it would be a little more than 3 ounces since it was $7.
4	Have eaten here many times before usually for breakfast.  It's in the Palazzo Resort & Casino, one of my favorite Hotel Casino in LV.  The food is good, expect to pay a bit more if you order a la cart.  Better to go for the breakfast buffet.  The pastries are delicious and the breakfast meals are batches cooked therefore it's fresh when it's replenished. Always a good thing.  One less star for the service category.  It's a hot or miss from my experience but overall a great choice for breakfast and lunch.
4	I checked out the Grand Lux Cafe twice during my weeklong stay in LV. I went the first time because it was near my hotel and was relatively affordable. I went the second time because the first meal was that good.The GLC gives off the vibe of an upscale diner. It has a large and diverse menu, which covers all sorts of different options for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. It's also open 24 hours. The price point is really reasonable for LV - anywhere from $10-$20 for the average meal. The server also told me that the pasta portions are gigantic, though I didn't have pasta when I was there.The first time I went to GLC was on a weeknight. It wasn't busy, and I got a table immediately. I ordered the Grand Lux Burger Melt with fries, which was quite delicious. The burger was cooked very well. The fries were a little soggy, but not too bad. The portion size was reasonable for the cost. They also give you bread as you're waiting for your meal, and the bread was freshly baked and warm, which I appreciated.The second time I went to the GLC was on a Friday for lunch. The place was packed with a line out of the restaurant. However, the line moved fairly quickly, and I got a table within ten minutes of getting in line.I ordered the chicken and waffles, and let me tell you, that was outstanding. Huge waffle. Really flavorful and moist chicken. The Pecan Honey-Butter Sauce was delicious, and the waffle itself was covered in pecans to add some texture that I enjoyed. It was also very reasonably priced for lunch fare.Why am I not giving this a five star rating?Simply, the wait time from the order to having the meal served was too long. On Tuesday, I waited at least 1/2 an hour to get the burger, and on Friday, it took even longer than that. If it's busy, I can understand that. The size of their menu, which is quite massive and diverse, certainly adds additional challenges. However, the place was dead on weeknight and I still waited too long. That knocks it down a bit.Otherwise, I'd definitely recommend it.
5	This place is located in the Palazzo. I had breakfast here and ordered the egg white omelette with bacon, onion, and sausage. This was very fresh and savory. It wasn't oily like your typical restaurant or cafe you go to. The bacon, onion, and sausage was cooked and placed inside the egg white so it almost looked like a taco. This came with hash browns that was cooked perfectly, since it had the right amount of burning on the top.
4	Nice and beautiful cafe and bar.  Great ambiance friendly staff, great to get together for a beer or wine.  Variety of dishes and main courses in the cafe
5	Excellent and tasty food!! Located inside the casino... Wasnt expecting much. Pleasantly surprised!Ordered Trout and fettucini Alfredo!
4	Fettuccine Alfredo was creamy and the noodles were fresh but the chicken was dry. Garlic Shrimp Noodles and Chicken and Waffles were better. Excellent service!
2	We were a little disappointed with this restaurant. My husband ordered the chicken fettuccine alfredo. The noodles were very undercooked so he sent it back. They apologized and remade it right away, no problem. We thought problem was solved. We were wrong, they didn't cook them throughly again. I ordered the shrimp scampi...which was overlooked. I didn't bother to send my back. Not a great experience for our first meal in a Vegas.
4	Awesome. Is the one word I would use to describe this place, over many years of coming to vegas I've always found my way to the Grand Lux Venetian and I have never been disappointed.  The food, service, quality and serving sizes are all awesome.  I don't recommend the Palazzo location, been there once and won't go back.  The service was quite the opposite from the venetian.
4	I don't know why they have 2 Grand Lux's so close to each other, but I am a fan either way. Grand Lux is similar cheesecake factory. The portions are very big and good for splitting. I would recommend their chicken parm, which can definitely feed 2. I see gigantic waffles piled high with whipped cream coming out of the kitchen all the time. For desert they have an excellent chocolate and vanilla creme brulee. Their beignets are very good as well with their accompanying dipping sauces.
3	Very reminiscent of Cheesecake Factory but supposedly more refined. Well, I was disappointed in the flavors and technique as Vegas is supposed to known for culinary talent as well as night life. My crab crabs were fried extra crispy, leaving the crab meat dry. The spring rolls tasted odd until dipped in the sauce provided (I don't like my entire flavor to come from an added sauce) and they were not as crisp as I am accustomed. The pot pie filling was wonderful though. The crust a different story though, definitely flaky but dry as the surrounding desserts. I won't try this place again.
5	This place gets a five for bang for the buck and quality on the strip. Looks can be deceiving- it's not a tiny cafe out front! This place is a MASSIVE restaurant masked on the other side of the casino wall. I was nicely surprised that this place did not suck, considering its affordability for the Strip. Entrees are the size and price of a Cheesecake Factory, which makes sense as another reviewer noted that Cheesecake Factory owns this place.The menu is catastrophically large...like a Cheesecake Factory... Good idea to there with a general idea of what you want, lest you end up convincing yourself you need a salad, app, and triple-sized portion of an entree. Oh my sweet baby Jesus. O_oI had the Pasta Telefono, which was a MASSIVE portion of the cheesiest tomato pasta you've never seen in your life. I'm not sure if there was more sauce or cheese in this. Good, but you could easily split this dish 3 ways and have everyone be full still.My friend had the salmon three ways and liked it a lot. For the price tag, it's still a little high for what you get compared to everything else on the menu, but let's face facts... a pound of pasta is probably 50 cents wholesale value compared to 9 ounces of fish.The bread here is one of my favorite parts. The crust is perfectly crunchy and with a nice salted butter. Addictive. In fact, not a bad move if you want to share an entree and just eat bread. (But tip the server big, you know?)Service was fantastic, and the restaurant itself is so beautiful. I would definitely go back when staying on the Strip.
4	I really appreciate restaurants that are open 24/7 in Vegas.  So I was very glad to see that the Venetian had the Grand Lux Cafe inside their hotel.  My friend and I were pretty hungry so we went with the Grilled Steak Sandwich and the Avocado-Chipotle Cheeseburger.  Both came with fries and coupled with their yummy complimentary bread, the food was more than enough to fill us up.I really enjoyed my steak sandwich.  The meat was very juicy and tender, while the arugula and tomatoes gave the sandwich a refreshing quality.  My friend completely took down his cheeseburger so I know he enjoyed it.  Also the complimentary bread they started us off with was soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside.  Served with soft butter, it was a pleasant addition to our overall meal.  I would definitely eat here again.
5	Mygoodness, I must say this was the best breakfast of my life. Went to vegas to celebrate my 21st and turnt all the way up. My girlfriend and I had a blast. After two days of nonstop turning up and having a winning streak we can here to relax. The biscuits and gravy was the best I ever had. My girlfriend is Mexican and she's had chillaquilles from all over the place and admitted this was the best. After we left our winning streak became a losing streak, but we left vegas happy from this amazing breakfast.
5	We ate here daily during our week long stay at the Venetian. Every thing we are was great, (except for the pancakes-too thick for my liking, but tasty nonetheless) we never tried the buffet for breakfast because the huevos rancheros and chilaquiles were spicy good. Delicious waffles and lightly breaded chicken.Great salads at lunch and the crispy buffalo sandwich looked great as well as the fish and chips. Dinner was so flavorful. We tried the chicken Revello and it was fantastic. Very good cocktails here, as well. You cannot go wrong with your dining here. And the prices are relatively reasonable compared to some of the other restaurants in the Venetian, especially at dinner time. EAT HERE! You won't be sorry.
5	Back in the day when I lived in Vegas this was the go-to late night dining spot. Their late night menu has plenty of variety and everything is always good. Now whenever I'm in town I usually find myself there. Staff is consistently good. This visit, the kitchen even made my favorite flatbread chicken sandwich even though it wasn't included on the late night menu. Ranch is amazing. My husband had the chicken and waffles and says it was the best he'd ever tasted and a friend's corned beef hash was delicious! Thank you for feeding my belly on hungry Vegas nights!
4	BASED ON BREAKFAST TO-GO:First of all, can we give a shout out to all joints that serve their breakfast menu all day? *applause* Already started off with 1 star.2nd star came when we found out we could order to-go & it would be ready to pick up in 20 minutes, smack dab in the middle of their morning rush. *High-five Lux!*3rd star came when we picked up our order off to the side of the entrance where the bakery is and they conveniently had other items like baked goods and all different kinds of drinks. I see you, Lux. I see you!4th star came when I bit into that scrumptious breakfast sammich. That bad boy was huge! I thought I had ordered two of them or something. But don't me wrong, I still devoured that sucker, it just took me a little longer. Only thing is that I wish they put a tiny bit more effort into their hash browns. Mine were kinda bland and barely crispy. Another off note: we ordered ranch over the phone, when we picked up we also confirmed if they packed the ranch (they said they did), but when we got back to our room, no ranch to be seen. Bummer cause ranch is my boo boo. Not cool, but it happens.Something to note- I'm not sure of its connection to The Cheesecake Factory: It used to be one? It's owned by the same company? Not sure but it definitely had the same vibe and I love me some CF so I ain't mad at it!I would definitely come back!
2	Food was super delicious!!! But the services sucked. Took 15 min them to bring back my coffee and 20 min to get the bill.
5	My Wife and I went here and it was amazing. My Queen ordered the Miso Salmon and I ordered the Chicken and Waffles.  Both were great filling and flavorful.  We were both beyond full. The waffle was light and flaky th he chicken tenders were crispy. The salmon was cooked to perfection. We went back the next day because my Wife wanted thw the chicken and waffles and I ordered a burger. Both again were great!This chain is owned by Cheesecake Factory.  The service and food were the same in the Palazzo and the Venetian locations. Would definitely recommend and go back again. I enjoyed the food, service,  etc...
5	These are my favorite coffee shops in Las Vegas.  The restaurants are clean, spacious and have an ambiance you can't beat.  The menu is extensive and the food is prepared like you're at a gourmet restaurant.  The pasta dishes are amazing, the meat dishes delightful and your appetizers, soups and salads are way above average.  Service is great, but sometimes spotty, but the portions make up for this slight defect.  Go hungry and expect a better meal than at the Cheesecake Factory.
2	No idea how this place has four stars.  The service is super slow.  I had the opportunity to meet clients here twice during my trip to Vegas.  Both times it took over 30 minutes to be seated, another 10 to have the order taken and another 20 to be served.  This was at 6:30 in the morning.  The food is diner food.  Nothing to write home about or make this place a destination.  I do give them kudos for some of the best orange juice, but for $4 per glass it had better be.
4	Great menu. The food and service were excellent . This is a nice spot to take a break and eat some good food
4	One of my favorites. Pre game dinner prior to kick off ASU vs Oregon State at the Sports Book Venetian Resort and Casino. PRETTY COOL.
4	Although very busy with a convention in town we got seated quickly and served soon after.Bistro steak - 4 oz of tender beef with a simple flavored polenta that complemented the beef. The Brussel sprouts that were with the meal were just the shavings of the outside layer without the meat of the whole veggie. Overall a satisfying meal.Chicken pot pie - a large portion ( could share with another person ). The inside of the pot pie must have a white wine base with the layers of flavors. The inside of the pot pie was almost like a savory chicken stew with big chunks of moist chicken, potatoes and veggies. The flaky topping was also an enjoyable experience for the taste buds.
1	There's a waitress there who's shady as fuck. We paid tax and tip, then she claimed we didn't and made us pay for tax again. We were too tired to fight it even more than we did so we just paid. Such a shame bc I really liked this place but don't like to be treated like shiiiiiiiiit
3	Large Portions, B+ Service. Clean.  Extensive Menu but ultimately underwhelming hotel  food.   Good if you are staying at the hotel but not a destination.
4	Gone are the days when food in vegas use to be cheap.  Now restaurants from celebrity chefs are all over the place and a typical meal at one of these places is going to set you back $40-$50 bucks.  Whats great about the grand lux is that prices are reasonable, most dishes running about $15-$20 dollars, good food and good service.  At my last visit to the restaurant, I got the Memphis ribs, lunch portion.  It came with about 8 bones, a side of coleslaw and jalepeno cornbread. The ribs were nice and tender and the bbq sauce wasn't too sweat.  My friend had a problem with his order, he ordered a kobe burger and the waitress brought out kobe meatballs.  Manager came over to apologize for the mix up and offered him a cup of soup while he waited for his food since the rest of out food came out.  Unfortunately since they tried to rush the burger, the burger came out well done when my friend ordered med well.  When the bill came the waitress mentioned that they didn't charge us for the burger due to the mixup.  Mistakes happen, so we were not upset, and the manager did what he could to rectify the situation.
4	I ordered a "Sunday Night Pasta" (meat sauce simmered with short ribs, steak, mushroom, short ribs, onion, garlic, Parmesan served overSpaghettini). The sauce was tasty and the portion very generous.I also had a piece of my friends "Double stuffed Potato spring rolls" - spring roll wrapper filled with mashed potato and bacon, cheddar and green onion. These were delicious - crispy and cheesy.Overall I found the food good value and tasty. The spring rolls were a definite winner and I will be back for these.
4	I do recommend the Greek salad and Sunday night pasta. The Short Rib Grilled cheese sandwich was an average and the fries was cold.The service is excellent.
4	Ate here the day after Thanksgiving for a quick lunch.  I got the lemon salmon piccata.  I liked it a lot.  Kid got the kids pasta, she gobbled it.   Husband got the soup, salad, sandwich combo.  Service was quick and attentive.  Will definitely be back when in Vegas.
5	Grand Lux Cafe has become one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.  I visit Vegas maybe three to four times a year and I make it a must to eat at the Grand Lux at least once per visit. Its open 24 Hours and their service is excellent. Their hamburgers, pizzas, pastas, salads are delicious! There has not been a single item that I have disliked. My favorite item on the menu is the Grilled Chicken and Avocado Salad, it is to die for! I have not found a better salad than this. I highly recommend it!  The prices are fair and the portions are huge, every order is enough for two people. You're definitely getting bang for you buck!!It is a definite must for everyone!
3	Even though this is the same restaurant as in The Palazzo, food here is just slightly over seasoned. Have tried the traditional breakfast, lunch and dinner here. I would skip the pastas and just get either a sandwich or burger. Had a steak sandwich and it was great.
4	I have eaten at this restaurant many times over the years. I love it because of the diversity of the menu and generally good food.  This week was no exception. We ordered spring rolls filled with potatoes. They were not as warm as they should have been but they were still absolutely delicious.My friend ordered a paste dish which she enjoyed but it was very rich. I had the Asian nachos. They were unique and quite good. Service was good. She wasn't the most astute server but adequate and friendly enough. This is a great place for good food and when you with a big group with a lot of different preferences or don't know what you want to eat. Lots of great choices.
5	I would like to share my amazing experience with the "grand lux cafe" at the Venetian.this place have a great service! I went there for lunch and the server was super nice! They serve a very good portion size! I loved the salmon pasta..They busy most of the time so it's better order seats ahead.   Its a place I highly suggest to eat  If your at the Venetian u most go there and the staff is amazing :)
4	If you like Cheesecake Factory you will like this place. It's the same company but jus packaged a little differently. It's a great option for meal to soak up all the alki after a long night of partying or gambling. The food portions are rather big, I haven't been disappointed once. Price point is really reasonable, around $15 a plate depending on what you get. The service and ambiance is warm and cozy. It's not a super fancy upscale date, break the bank kind of place. Great for families and large group of friends to kick back and enjoy a good meal. They do get busy during peak hours but there is Bouchon bakery around the corner, you can get a little snack as you wait, or play the slots.
2	I have to say I'm pretty disappointed by the service. Got seated right away, but it took 20 minutes for a server to come to us. I actually had to ask another server for water and ask for the manager before even being contacted. Manager barley apologized. Horrible service. Decent food.
1	Worse service ever. We were the only customers seated in the back area since we were 5 in the group. The waiters and waitresses never check on us if we needed something and every time we needed more bread or water we had to call one of them.  When we were done eating, nobody check on us if we needed dessert or more food. The service was so bad that we had to ask a waitress where to get our bill to pay for our food.  We should not have given them any tip but still gave them 10% in gratuities just for the food.  Food was okay except for the poor customer service.
5	A great experience for anyone staying at the Venetian or downtown in general. Almost no wait to be seated and the service was incredible. The chipotle-avocado burger was one of the best I've had and the Grey Goose martini I ordered was spot on.
3	The food here was mediocre.  We ate here after a show because it was one of two restaurants that were open so late.  The serve breakfast all day, which others in party thought was good. I got the short rib grill cheese.  It was tasty, but it was less of a grill cheese and more of a short rib sandwich.  I would eat here again if it was late or I had few options.
1	My friends and I went into Grand Lux Cafe at the Venetian for a late dinner and drinks.  The food was OK, our server was reasonably pleasant, but the night manager Matt Timms, when questioned about the cost of an item on our bill, was so off the charts rude- my friends and I will never come back!  Mr. Timms even went so far as to threaten to call my girlfriend's employer to make her look bad when he learned we were locals.  I've never seen someone lose their cool like that, especially not a manager.  There are many better options for restaurants within this casino.  Beware!
5	Excellent. I had the Cajun Chicken and Shrimp Jambalaya. There were big pieces of chicken and shrimp. It was excellent!
2	Came here for lunch with a few co-workers.  It took our group of 5 to get organized before we got seated. We got seated in short order.  I wanted to order a half four cheese and half sausage, pepperoni and mushroom rustic pizza.  The server didn't know if they would do this.   I said if thet didn't I would order the rustic pizza with sausage, pepperoni and mushrooms.  I wanted too take half the cheese pizza home for the kids.  Service so far was good. They brought our drinks pretty quickly. Later the server said that they couldn't make the pizza half cheese and meats/mush  the other half because the bases are different.  They brought out some bread to munch on. The bread was very very good. We asked for more bread-the server never brought any more. It seemed to take as while to get the food but don't remember how long it too. A co-worker ordered the four cheese pizza so we I gave him four pieces of my pizza and he gave me four pieces of his pizza so I could take it home for my kids.   The meats/mush pizza wad good but very salty.  My co-worker said the cheese was not nearly as salty.  Maybe it was from the pepperoni and sausage.  My water was filled once when I was halfway early on during our visit but not once afterwards. Others had water and iced teas, but it wasn't filled either. Couldn't make half cheese half meat/mush pizza, super salty pizza, no refill for drinks after getting our food, and no requested bread makes for a subpar rating.
5	Nice non-buffet breakfast. Feels like a fancy cheese cake factory. Generous servings.
5	Had a breakfast sandwich here. Pretty good, and a lot of food considering it's one of the cheaper items.The reason I'm writing this review, though, is I got an eclair at the bakery and it's the ideal eclair. It is the third or fourth eclair I've had in three days in Vegas and it's the only eclair that was 1) really good and 2) worth the money. The other eclairs I had were just about as much money ($3.95) but this one was four times bigger, filled with a ton of custard AND whipped cream, was covered in just the right amount of good quality chocolate, and was filling without being too rich. It wasn't dry like the other eclairs either. I will probably get another one later.
1	Been waiting forever to order something and others said they have been here for almost an hour with no food yet
1	Absolutely zero star to manager "Matt Timms"He treats customers like ? . I'm really sorry for Venetian hotel with zero class restaurant. And the food is really bad... I never go to venetians hotel again because grand lux cafe!
5	Veggies as a meal, just a plate of simple veggies with rice. I feel like I have found the only simple and nutritious meal on the strip.
5	The cafe is inside Venetian reasonable price great food a must try if u don't wanna eat buffet the chicken waffle is good
5	Everything on the menu is great! It's fresh and light- nothing greasy. Kept coming back even though there are more popular restaurants. This place is no less! Belgian waffles- amazing!
4	Food is always good. Service was slow today. Not up to normal standard. Asian Nachos are the bomb.
4	The place is huge and always very crowded. The portions are large and the prices are reasonable. Our server ,Kevin, was very attentive. I ordered chicken Royal for dinner and I could not finish it. They do have medium size plates and probably those are more reasonable for one to order.i would recommend this place for breakfast or lunch as it probably has the best lunch deal on the strip
4	Bakers dozen !! That's all i have to say. Yummmiiii
5	This has to be one of the best breakfasts in Vegas!In fact the whole menu is really good. Great value for money and great atmosphere! I came here after having so many POOR experiences in Vegas it was a refreshing change to actually like somewhere. The waiting staff are very quick and it has a great range of food.Will be back every trip to Vegas!
2	Good service but terrible food experience ...... We ordered the turkey burger, shrimp spring rolls, plan waffle with butter and syrup, and chicken tenders and French fries.... We sent back everything but the chicken tenders and French fries (and that was off the kids menu)!!!!!! The waffle was over cooked, the vegi burger was gross and the shrimp wasn't cooked in the spring rolls! And at the end we asked the serve where to go to get the good food she said Omgoodness what did you order? We told her and she said "yea those are bad choice" at least she was honest and knew what we ordered was disgusting!!
4	Great selection! Great salads!  Great pastas!  In a location that is usually $$$$$ but it itself is not.
4	Chain restaurant but food quality is always good. Price is reasonable compared to other high-end restaurants inside the hotel. The Service: Very efficient and attentive. Never disappointed. The Food: Shrimp Scampi - Sauteed with White Wine, Lemon, Garlic, Fresh Tomato, Basil, Parsley and a Touch of Cream. Served with Pasta. Huge portion~ Lots of pasta. The shrimp is to die for. Cooked to perfection. Love the garlic taste shrimp. The sauce is very flavorful. My favorite on the menu!
1	Food is mediocre. Service is below average.Unless you're desperate, skip this spot & go somewhere else!
3	Decent place to have breakfast if you are in the hotel. They have a buffet with an omelet station. The service was good and the coffee and OJ were constantly filled. standard breakfast fare - meats, eggs, potatoes, breads, fruits, cereals, etc. Everything was A-OK.
5	We always have such a great time here. The food and the service is always great! Everything I've ever gotten from here has exceeded my expectations. More recently I had the big (5) stack of pancakes with a butter maple syrup. Holy hell, I've been craving more ever since!
5	We always eat at the Grand Lux when we stay at the Venetian.  They have great food at a good price.  The bacon cheeseburger is my favorite.
4	This is my new usual spot. We came here twice to eat for the two days we were in Vegas! The first time I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich and fries. I did have to send the fries back because they were just a little warm and my fries have to be hot!! The service was a little slow but the servers were nicer do offered bread while we waited! Yummy!!!! I also got the spicy Thai chicken with veggies and white rice. I would definitely order this again but with light sauce. They use all white chicken breast for their chicken plates. My husband always gets the chipotle burger and he is one happy camper. They are addy with the Cheesecake Factory so the prices are about the same but way better food!!!
3	Someone once told me that this is the busiest restaurant in the world given the amount of people they serve 24/7.  Not sure if it's true but I believe it.  Grand Lux Cafe has a great selection of food and everything is always done well.  The only negative I can say about this place is the floor can get oily and slippery.  I've never experienced that in any other restaurant but here. Depending on the hour of the day you come here, you can feel like you're sliding on grease.  Besides that, it's a great place to get good food at a decent price in Vegas.
4	Must visit while in Las vegas!  Foods proportions are ginormous! And the price is great.  Only 4* because the food is kind of bland.
5	I realize when I stay at the Palazzo, there's no reason to eat outside of the Palazzo/Venetian area.  Haha.  Grand Lux Cafe never disappoints and is where I usually eat on my first night in town.  The menu is HUGE and I have never been disappointed.  I personally had the chicken and vegetables topping farro.  OMG -- it was SO good.  The description doesn't do it justice at all.  It is moist and savory goodness.  Others at the table ordered the Zen noodles (think Vietnamese pho), salmon and beef with rice.  Everything was delicious and hearty in taste and size.  The service was impeccable.  I was initially intimidated by what looked like a long wait.  People were sitting on the floor (!) waiting to be called.  Surprisingly, we got seated in less than 5 minutes in the bar area.  Works for me!
1	They served my wife the worst eggs benedict she had ever had in her life, on top of which they were cold. the scrambled eggs in the buffet looked like they had been sitting there for 6 hours.
4	Looking for a great happy hour? This is the spot!! $5 bar menu from 4:30-6:30. The food is delicious. Sliders, Asian nachos (bomb) and buffalo chicken rolls were too much for my wife and I to finish. Clean, smoke free, right off the casino floor. You must check this place out. We'll be back soon.
